 Steve released my arms from the overhead chains. Man, it felt good to get my arms down again. He pulled them behind my back and fastened the cuffs together. Removing the chains that held my ankles, he demanded, "On your knees, faggot."

"Now, you're gonna learn that I own you. I own your faggot ass. I own your faggot cock. I own your faggot mouth. You're gonna service me in every way. You're gonna be my pussy boy. You're gonna service all my friends until you learn that you ain't worth shit!" he whispered in a low and sinister voice.

He pushed me down on my face. With his knee on the small of my back, he fastened my ankles together. Holding me down, he laid on top of my. I could feel his monster 10 inch cock rub between the cheeks of my ass. He put his hand in my crack and began rubbing some greasy lube in it ... on his cock too, I guess.

With great precision, the head of his cock pushed into my guts, stretching my sphincter mercilessly.

"Ahhhhh...OHHH, damn!" I cried.

"SHUT THE FUCK UP, FAGGOT" Steve yelled. "You are not to say anything unless I ask you a direct question. And .... NO screaming"

He waited a second for me to get used to his invasion, then pushed forward. Inch but thick inch, his cock pushed deeper and deep inside me. When he finally seated it all the way in, my guts felt like I was on fire. 

He started ramming my ass, with no regard to how it was hurting me. Back and forth .... back and forth ... for almost 20 minutes! When he got close, he'd stop and order me to lay very still. Once I kept moving my ass he slapped the back of my head and pulled my hair violently.

My ass was so sore, I couldn't stand much more, when he finally banged it deep in me. I felt it throb and pulsate and his hot cum blasted deep inside me. He body was twitching as his load was delivered.

Finally he collapsed on top of me. Laying on top for a long time, he started to fall asleep. God, he was heavy when all his weight relaxed on me. I tried to wiggle him off, but he stayed firmly on top, with his softening cock still in my ass. 

After what seemed like an hour, he stirred and started to gently work his soft cock, still inside me. I could feel it growing in my ravaged ass ... longer and longer ... fatter and fatter. As it became thick and hard, I felt the twangs of pain in my ass again.

He was wide awake again and pumped my butt for many minutes. Finally pulling out, he grapped my head of hair and pulled my face around to his cock.

"Open up and suck this" he demanded.

As he slid it into my mouth, I could taste the lube and cum on his cock. He held my head tight and pushed it all the way into my throat, until I couldn't breathe. He held my head there for a couple of minutes ... damn! I needed to breathe when he finally let me move back a couple of inches. I was gasping for air.

"Aha ... ha" he laughed. "You'll learn to control your breath cause you'll have this in your throat a lot ... pussy mouth".

Withing a few minutes, his cock exploded into my mouth. Cum spued out. I couldn't swallow fast enough and some ran across my lips. He finished and made me lick and suck him clean.

I lay there for a long time. Steve threw a blanket over me and told me to sleep. I had a big day ahead of me! Oh man, what next.

After a few hours of sleep, I was awakened by voices, then footsteps on the stairs. Steve was followed by a tall and muscular man.

"Here he is" Steve said, leading the strange ove to where I lay. He reached down and threw the blanket in the corner.

"You can do anything you want. For 1 hour. You can't damage him or make any permanent marks on his body. ..... ok?" instructed Steve.

"Ok... what's 'permanent'? Can I whip his ass?"

"Sure, as long as he doesn't bleed too much"

"Kewl ... not sure that I wanna whip him anyway. If he's trained, I won't have to" The stranger replied.

Steve left as the stranger rolled my onto my stomach. I heard him unzip his pants and remove his clothes. He sat on the mat and I felt his finger slid inside my already sore hole. He shoved a bottle of poppers under my nose for a few seconds.

"You're gonna need this ... need it a lot" he whispered.

I was scared again ... what was this weirdo gonna do? I soon found out. He slipped three fingers in my stretched hole, then four. Slowly the pushed them in ... rotating and twisting. Deeper and deeper, I could feel those fingers stretching me wide. He got up on his knees so he could get better leverage and pushed hard.

"AEEEEEAAAAAaaa" I cried out.

"Shut up! I'm only up to my thumb! he commanded.

"Please ....PLEASE. ... No more .. .I don't think I can take your hand ... PLEASE!!" I was whimpering. I was started to cry in constant pain. He shoved the poppers under my nose again. Then I was dizzy ... floating ... held down by a hand in my ass. He pushed harder and gave me the poppers again.

"AHHHHHhhhhhhhh......." I screamed as his entire hand went inside me. My hole was soreand the hand felt like a red hot poker.

At least it didn't hurt quite so much then. The widest part of his hand was inside me and my poor hole was clamped around his wrist. He moved his hand back and forth ... pulling nearly out ... stretching me again and again, but not as much as when he entered me.

I twisted around to see him jerking his cock ... a nice 7". I continued to watch as he brought himself to a climax, shooting his load all over my ass and up my back. 

Slowly he withdrew his hand ... again stretching my hole open to pass the widest part of the hand. My butt was sore, but it felt good to have his hand out of my ass. The stranger got up, pulled on his clothes and left. I just laid there, finally drifting back to sleep.

Again, I was awakened by voices upstairs. Soon two men came down the steps behind Steve. They walked over to me while Steve moved a strange looking device from the dark part of the basement. I had no idea what it was, but I was sure it was gonna be for me and it'd hurt. 

It was a upright wooden frame built on a small platform ... almost like a vertical wall. There was a big hole almost in the center of the wall.

The two guys picked me up and took off my cuffs. I started to rub my wrists when Steve commanded , "Stand up here slave". 

Steve motioned for me to stand on the platform, facing the wall. My cock and balls aligned up with the hole.

Next my wrists and ankles were cuffed and attached to short chains on the wall. My legs were spread apart about a foot. Someone on the other side of the wall started stoking my cock and massaging my balls.... it felt good. I thought the was gonna be ok.

"Get up on your toes" someone demanded.

I raised up on my toes.

"HIGHER" yelled Steve.

As I stood there a post was fastened between my legs with a bunch of pins sticking straight up, very close to my balls.

"Now faggot, if you relax off your toes, those pins will stick you in the balls" he laughed. "The guy on the other side wants your cum, so get it up and hard."

I was already hard from the guy stroking me. It felt so damn good, but it was tough staying on my toes. The guy was sucking me and I started to moan and slowly fuck his face. I started to relax, forgetting about the pins ... but not for long. My balls grazed lightly across the pins and I jerked back up on my toes.

"Your sucker is tired, so he's not gonna move his head anymore ... you have to move your hips and fuck his face. I'm only giving you 5 minutes to fill his mouth with cum." 

Any longer and I'll whip your ass and raise those pins closer to your balls". Steve was enjoying my sadistic situation.

I pumped my cock back and forth. Occasionally, I'd slip a little off my toes and scrap my nuts. God, it hurt so bad. I was sure my sac was bleeding. 

The guy's mouth really felt good ... he was a good cocksucker. Finally, I blasted my load ... and it didn't take me 5 minutes either. I was sorta proud of myself.

"Do it again" Steve said.

Another guy started sucking my softening cock. Damn, how can I get is hard again? Steve stuck a few fingers in my butt and massaged my prostrate. My cock started to rise and Steve retreated.

"Same as last time ... 5 minutes"

"Ohhhhh...my...god!" I mumbled

"SHUT UP" I got a hard wack across my ass with a leather strap, causing me to ram my cock deep in the new suckers mouth.

I tried to pump his mouth, but my toes were so tired, I gently lowered myself very gently onto the pins.

"UP ON YOUR TOES". I got wacked twice very hard. I go to my toes and started pumping again.

Five minutes went past and I hadn't shot my load yet. This new guy wasn't as good as the first one.

"Damn Joe" the first guy said, "Can't you get him to cum? Want some help?"

I saw him walk around the wall and soon felt a better mouth on my cock. It got me hot quickly and I could feel the cum swelling up ... I started to moan softly. The second guy's mouth replaced the first just as I blew my second load.

"Ok, you did well, faggot" Steve complemented me!

He removed the post with the pins and released me from the cuffs. He sat me down, leaing against a floor to ceiling post. He pulled my arms around the post and handcuffed my wrists behind the it. 

He went upstairs leaving me alone and cold.