 He picked me up on Friday afternoon, right after class. He immediately took me to his basement and ordered me to strip. There was a new commanding quality to his voice. He was not requesting.

"From now on, you won't speak, unless I ask you a question and tell you to speak" he demanded. "Is that clear?"

"Yes"

"You will always call me Master or Sir from now on. Do you understand?"

"Y.. Yes"

"YES WHAT?" he yelled at me.

"YES SIR" I answered loudly.

I was getting a little worried. I knew that this was the Master/slave game, but I didn't remember telling him that I wanted to play it that way. 'Oh well', I thought, 'What's the harm. If it turns him on, I won't mind much'

When I was naked, he bent me forwards over a wooden thing that resembled a padded saw horse. My wrists were cuffed to the floor, as were my ankles. I was helpless with my ass totally exposed.

WACK! 

Damn, he hit my ass hard with a leather strap. 

WAP ... WACK ...WACK 

Again and again he laid one after another stinging blows. Sometimes the end of the strap would snap at my nuts. 

Damn! It hurt! My ass was burning and the pain was getting intense. Again and again, he hit my increasingly red ass. Finally, he stopped.

"Thank you, Sir" I gasped.

"Damn you slave .... will you never learn .... I told you to keep quiet" he commanded.

He picked up a cat tails whip and laid it onto my ass repeatedly, to punish me for speaking. 

Hard, then even harder wacks. Tears were in my eyes. I started to cry ... actually something between blubbering and sobbing. 

He continued to whip me until I thought I would pass out. Again he stopped and waited to see if I would say anything. I tried to be quiet, but I was crying and my chest was heaving.

"Good boy. I guess I should get something for your ass. I think it's blistered" he said, almost apologetically.

He applied a little cream to my sore ass. It helped the burning sensation go away. He applied even more cream, working some in my ass hole using his finger. It felt good after such harsh treatment with the whip.

Feeling more comfortable, I was surprised when he stuck something small in my hole.

"Squeeze your ass closed on this. As tight as you can" he commanded.

"Yes SIR" I concentrated on making my sphincter tight, as I felt something warm spreading inside me.

"I'm giving you a water enema." he said casually. "Keep it in and don't let even one drop leak out or I'll whip you harder than I did before."

Man, I cinched down on that hose with all my might. Soon, the water was making me feel uncomfortable, then slightly painful, then a lot. Damn, bending over this saw horse makes my guts burn like crazy. The water didn't stop. I started making some moaning-whimpering noises. Steve knew that I was getting pretty full, so he clamped off the hose.

He made me hold it for what seemed like hours ... probably only 10 minutes. My guts were burning. I could hardly stand the pain. Finally, he let me shoot it out. I guess he caught all the water in a bucket, or something. After the water was expelled, my belly felt relieved, but not for long! He shove that damned hose back in my butt and filled me up again. He must have let more water in me the second time, cause it hurt even more this time.

He repeated my flushing 4 times, each was more painful than the last, but I managed to keep it all in until I was permitted to release it.

"You did good, slave" he said gently.

"Thank you, sir" I has learned to always call him 'sir' by now.

He slapped a glob of something greasy in my crack. Working his finger in my, he pushed some of the lube inside. Two fingers ... three fingers. Oh man, it started to hurt as he twisted the forth finger in ... trying to push them in me. 

I was starting to worry that he intended to fist me, but to my relief, he withdrew them and shoved in a fat butt plug. 

I don't know how big it was, but it hurt. He held it at my sphincter right at the fat part. I was on the verge of screaming, when he gave it a hard push and it popped inside me.

He picked up his cat tails whip and hit me a few time on my ass, concentrating his fury down lower ... sometimes on my upper legs ... sometimes up to my tail bone. 

Now, my entire back side was stinging. Every time the 'tails' landed on me ... when the pain shot though my body, all my muscles would tense up, including my ass rig. I was holding that plug so tight I though I'd squeeze it in two pieces.

After he stopped, he released my ankles and my wrists and allowed me to stand upright.

"Don't drop that plug. If you do, I'll whip your ass until it's a bloody mess ... you'll be scared for life, faggot slave" he sneered.

Damn! Now I was scared. What the fuck was he gonna do to me? I soon found out ... it wasn't what I wanted.

He stood me in the center of the room, attaching the wrist cuffs to chains attached to the ceiling. My legs were spread very wide, until I was hanging from the chains. 

The ankle cuffs were attached to lugs in the floor. Then he put his thumb on the end of the butt plug and pushed it very hard ... driving it into something inside. God it hurt. I screamed again.

"I'm tired of hearing this faggot scream .... gonna have to do something about that" he mumbled.

He selected a leather gag that had a short 'dildo' attached. He shoved it in my mouth and fastened it in the back of my head. The dildo pushed almost back to my throat, but didn't gag me. I couldn't talk.

"Let's see if that did the trick" he leered at me. A cold chill went up my spine as he walked behind me and roughly pulled the plug all the way out and rammed it back in quickly. Again I screamed, but this time, not much sound came out. The gag was working.

Kneeling in front of me, he started to tie a rope around my nuts. He pulled on them ... it hurt a little and wound the rope around my sac several times.

My balls were being stretched further from my body, but the pain wasn't bad. He worked for a few minutes then pulled on the rope. I guess he must have run the free end through a hook on the floor, because he stepped back a few feet to admire his work, still with the end of the rope in his hand.

He seemed pleased with my predicament, then gave the rope a yank. Pain shot from my groin ... my entire body reacted with a shudder. I let out a yelp.

He yanked the rope again ... and again and again. When he had satisfied his sadistic mood, he slipped the rope through and overhead 'eye' hook. He tied a big bucket to the free end of the rope, turned and smiled at me. I didn't like that look.

"Now for a nice long torture" he was smiling, as he placed the end of a small hose in the bucket.

'Oh damn ... FUCK', I thought as he adjust a valve to dribble water into the bucket. Then he pulled up a chair near me and sat down.

As he took my balls in his hand, he said "Gonna be a shame to damage them ... they're so pretty." He leaned over and kissed them! "That's the 'goodby' kiss, slaveboy"

What ... WHAT! Did he intend to pull them all the way off?! I squirmed and tried to move away ... tried to beg him not to pull off my nuts. I was helpless. I started to cry from fear. I could feel the ever increasing tension on my balls. I was really scared.

Slowly that damn bucket was filling ... water dribbling in. More water ... more pressure ... more, more pain ... from my poor balls up through my cock, up through my abdomen. It was intense ... I couldn't take much more.

I swung my head ... I jerked it back ... I felt dizzy. I felt like I was losing it... I was gonna pass out! Steve must've realized it, and stopped the water and took my hair in his hand to put up my head. He put something under my nose ... Oh! Poppers!

"Don't pass out on me slave, or I'll have to start all this all over again" he said softly.

'All over again!!! Damn!' Steve took my cock in his hand and started stroking it. I was surprised how fast it got hard. My god ... it really got incredibly hard. The pressure on my nuts was starting to feel erotic... still terribly uncomfortable. 

He kept stroking my cock. The pressure on my balls kept getting more intense. Shit! I was ready to cum ... my cock was leaking lots of precum. 

Oh YEAH! Suddenly, he grabbed my nuts and squeezed them hard ... real hard. I jerked in pain and forgot about cumming.

"Listen up slave" he had a very forceful tone. "You won't cum until I tell you it's ok. If you shoot that sweet cock without permission, I will punish you ten times more than I have today."

"Yeefff Fffir" the gag made it impossible to talk.

He went at my softening cock again. It got very hard again. It got so hard that it hurt! The pressure on my nuts was extreme. There was still constant tension on my ball sac ... constant pain. 

He stroked it slowly, squeezing the head and running his finger around the base. 

He bent over and took it in his mouth ... all of it! I looked down. His nose was in my pubes. He did something with his throat muscles ... maybe swallowing. It massaged the head of my cock, driving me to the brink. He quickly pulled off my cock.

"Ok slave ... do it. Cum for me NOW!" he commanded.

He buried my cock back in his throat and resumed his massaging. I felt the cum swelling up in my stretched nuts.

"Offff. OOFFF Manfff!" I cried out as I blasted my load. I guess he wasn't expecting the force or the quantity of my jissm ... he coughed with a slight gag as wave after wave of hot seed went down his throat.

He held his mouth on my softening cock for a long time, gently milking the last drop of cum. He pulled my ass to his face and kept it in his mouth. Finally, he pulled away and released the bucket, dumping the water into the sink. The relief was fantastic, but I could feel a throbbing sensation in my groin. It wasn't an unpleasant sensation.

As I watched his naked body move toward me, I knew I wanted him. I wondered why Steve hadn't made use of my mouth or my ass. I wanted him deep inside me. But I kept quiet ... I knew that I couldn't ask him for his cock.