 Woody Allen was wrong. Way back in his stand up days, he said that people who are bisexual double their chances for a date on Saturday night. I only started having sex with men about ten years ago, but I'd say it at least quadruples your chances. In all my years of reading Penthouse letters, I never had the kind of encounters I've had since I gave in wholeheartedly to my longstanding homosexual tendencies and became fully, and quite enthusiastically bisexual. Women are hot and beautiful, and they will always be where my true romantic emotions lie, but men are just plain fucking horn-dogs.

One hot August afternoon, I left a late appointment in Santa Monica and took the coast route to Topanga, where I could cut through the canyon to Woodland Hills. I was just unraveling my tie when I spotted a hitchhiker up ahead. Blond surfer type wearing only a bathing suit, towel over his shoulder. Usually I don't pick them up, but this was just too choice to pass up. Besides, I could tell he wasn't concealing a gun (at least I hoped he wasn't - preferred to think he was just happy to see me pick him up).

He said his name was Todd and he lived with his folks up in the canyon. I drove, glancing at his hard pecs and tight little shorts and said, "You travel pretty light."

"It always gets me a ride, especially at this time of day, what with guys like you heading home from work."

I was starting to catch a hint of a possibility, and countered, "I'll bet it does. You're in great shape. How old are you?"

"Old enough", he said, looking straight into my eyes. I guess he could see that I was both intrigued and a little hesitant, because he quickly added, "Don't worry... I'm 18." 

He glanced down at my lap, then lifted his eyes to mine. I was having trouble keeping my eyes on the curving road when he gingerly ran his palm along my thigh. 

"So... here I am: almost bare but completely legal. You in a hurry?" 

Wow. This kid was fast. I blew out a little air and answered, "Not really. Why?" 

He smiled. "I don't know, I like hanging out with older guys."

Then he reached over and caressed my thigh. I couldn't believe it. The only thing missing was a twangy porn movie soundtrack. I must have done something good to deserve this kind of Karma. I reached over and rubbed his leg, right up by the crotch. He guided my hand onto his bulge. I rubbed across his cock stiffening under the fabric. I wriggled in my seat as he unzipped my fly.

I asked him how far was his house. He said his mom was home, but he knew a place. He stroked my naked cock as we rounded the heavily forested curves. Todd pointed out an overgrown turn off that left the road and angled sharply down. I slowly rolled to a stop and there we were. Twenty feet from the road but completely hidden.

We got out and he laid his towel on the grassy undergrowth. I took off my shirt as he knelt before me, lowering my pants. God was he hungry for dick! He tongued my balls, licked up the shaft and wrapped his lips around me. I kicked off my pants legs and stood naked before this young Adonis as he slobbered hungrily over my rigid cock. Young as he was, he knew what he was doing as he sucked me.

I laid down with him and our tongues danced in a wet kiss as I stroked his firm young pecs, sliding my hand down to the hard rod in his Speedo briefs, rubbing it as we held each other. I kissed my way down to his stiff nipples. Licking, gently nibbling them as I reached into his bathing suit and wrapped my hand around his hard young flesh.

He slithered out of them and we were completely naked in our embrace, his tongue searching the inside of my mouth. Our hard cocks slithered together as I cupped his firm ass cheeks. I worked my way down, licking his neck, his hairless chest. I grasped his young dick, stroking as I kissed its length to his tight balls. I sucked in first one, then both, causing his manhood to harden even more. He moaned and humped urgently, wanting more.

I flicked my tongue against his dickhead, then slipped my lips around the helmet. God, what a delicious young rod this boy had! I sucked the head, taking it further in my mouth. I closed my lips around the base, his hard fleshy cock nestling into the back of my throat. I sucked for all I was worth and massaged his dick with my mouth, pulling up slowly, back to the flaring head, hoovering it extra hard, then back down. 

He pumped his mouth on my cock like German engineering, precise and productive. God I felt good as I caressed his boyish ass cheeks, hairless and firm, pulling them in, forcing his dick into the back of my throat. I wanted to taste this glorious young man's cum. I wet a finger with saliva and gently circled his perfect little anus. He moaned on my cock and spread his cheeks wider, humping back at my finger. I slipped it in, tentative at first, but this boy was ready. He impaled his asshole on my finger and quickened his sucking. I fucked in and out of his asshole, increased my mouth suction on his young dick. He was getting me close, and I wanted his hot young spurts to rock my mouth. 

I curled my finger in his anus and stroked his prostate. With the other hand I pulled the skin on his prick tight at the base and alternated hard sucking with butterfly licks at the spot where the shaft meets the helmet underneath. I have had many a cock shoot in my mouth with this trick. He was no exception. A monster glob shot onto my tongue. I moaned with the taste, let my lips slip off his head so the next hot squirt hit my upper lip, half splattering across my face and the other half of the cum spurt pasted my tongue. I sucked back down hard on his jerking cock, catching the next warm jet of sperm in the back of my throat. I swallowed quickly, that hot gooey semen coating my mouth. Another squirt of this young boy's nasty semen bounced off the roof of my mouth. This pushed me over the edge and I let it go, and filled his mouth with my own hot seed. I grabbed his head and fucked my explosive cum into his mouth as he moaned and sucked for all he was worth.

We were both gasping for breath as he slithered up to kiss me. Our tongues slobbered our mixed cum in our mouths. I licked a glob off his cheek and savored the aftermath of our shared orgasm. 

Todd and I lay on the blanket, our conjoined semen lathering our tongues as we kissed. He drew slightly back and licked some stray cum off my own upper lip. I felt down to his cock. Still hard. I stroked it as his lips urgently returned to mine. He moaned softly as I masturbated him, and reached for my dick. A bit softer than his. He stroked me, but my little friend needed a break.

He slithered his tongue into my ear, then whispered, "I want to fuck you". I replied, "Yeah? You want to ream my old guy anus with that big stiff 18 year old cock of yours?"

"It's 19, and it knows its way around a daddy's ass. I'm fucking two of my professors at Stanford, and I don't even need the grades."

With that his hand wiggled down my cock, past my balls, where his finger found my asshole. He slide his tongue into my mouth as his digit caressed and circled my anus. God it felt good. I opened my legs, moaned in his mouth as his finger gently wormed its way in. My dick twitched.

He pulled back, looked me in the eye. "I'm gonna fuck you up the ass, and when you get hard, you're gonna fuck me up the ass. Is that okay?" 

He drew away, went down on all fours, legs wide, stretching his cheeks apart, butt sticking straight out at me. A beautiful, tight little bubble butt, its hairless anus pulled taut. 

I'm not really big on rimming: sometimes the spirit takes me... depends on the ass. But this boy was so spread, so whorish, looking back at me with a grin. He knew what he was doing. He could pose like a porn star: an invitation from innocence.

I leaned in and gave his puckered hole a long slow wet lick. I slobbered it up and then blew on it. Todd moaned, wiggled his ass like a randy little bitch and started stroking his stiff cock. He spread even wider and I grabbed his hips and buried my face in him, darting my tongue in and out of his perfect anus. God, was I loving it!

I reached under, relieved his hand from his dick and took over, jacking him while my tongue did the ABCs on his boyish asshole. I needed to fuck that perfect young hole. But Todd rolled over and pulled me down on my back. He slithered atop me and ground his body into mine as his lips suckled their way up from my neck to my lips. God this boy was a good kisser! 

I told him to pop my trunk and grab a backpack I keep there for trysts such as this. He withdrew lube and a condom, which I took from him. I unwrapped the rubber and placed it in my mouth over my tongue. He giggled a little and moved forward, straddling my face, inching his rigid young penis to my lips. I moaned as I used my tongue and mouth to roll the condom onto him. When my nose brushed his sparse, trimmed pubic hair, he moved back and leaned over me, on deck for missionary. 

I smiled, maneuvering my elbows up over the backs of my knees pinning them to the ground, tilting my ass up like a true bitch, opening my anus fully to him... inviting him. He oiled my pouting little rosebud, then dripped a liberal amount onto his dick. I reached out and slithered my hand under his granite cock and pulled it gently toward my hole. "Fuck me, baby boy", I moaned softly.

As the tip of his penis nudged at my anus lips, the reality of my circumstance washed over me. I tilted my head to the side, catching glimpses through the foliage of cars passing on the nearby road and here I am, naked, lewdly spread wide for my brand new gay lover, a boy I didn't know existed less than an hour ago. I gasped at the realization, then caught my breath sharply as he gently insinuated his cock into me, pushing past my first resistance, parting me. I stared adoringly up into his eyes as my limp dick thickened on my belly, twitched and moved a little on its own, coming back to life.

He stopped just short of my inner ring, flattened himself down onto my chest and gingerly licked his tongue along my lower lip. Instinctively, my mouth opened slightly, and in one movement, he slithered his tongue into my mouth and his cock into my asshole, past the sphincter, all the way into me. I shuddered, a moan escaped me as I sucked on his tongue, feeling his balls press up against my buttocks, his pubic hair massaging the flesh around my stuffed hole.

Welcome to faggot heaven...

For such a young man, Todd was surprisingly tender and sensual, slowly easing his cock back, almost out of me, then gently sliding back in to the hilt. I kissed up at him desperately, grinding my gaping hole onto his invading rod, hungry. His dick became like a train, slowly getting underway: in... out... in... out, in, out in out until he was pounding into me. He pulled himself up, my face and tongue following him, losing his mouth as he straightened up above me. He fucked me hard as my cock stiffened to its full length and girth. 

He settled in to a steady rhythm, I used my arms to pin my knees to the ground, my feet in the air, my sex as wide open yo him as it could ever get, and we became as one: two men fucking in the bushes while the world drove by just a scant few feet away. My own lust was unbridled as I groaned beneath his lean young body. I moaned out his name...

"Todd... oh yes... fuck me, Todd, fuck me... Oh God..."

He smiled down at me and picked up his pace, lifting his knees from the ground, assuming a push-up stance and savagely pummeled my faggot asshole. I stroked my hardon - not too much, though... I knew it wouldn't take much for me to cum. I let loose of myself and he noticed,

"Are you close?" he whispered.

"I'm okay", I answered breathlessly. "I can hold out. I want to be as hard for you as you are for me."

He swooned, jamming his dick into me, splitting me. "next time... we can do that next time... I want to see you cum."

I wanted to cum, to spew my load in the air as he fucked me. I wanted in that moment to be part of him, unified in orgasm. With my right hand I grasped my cock and began masturbating for him. With my right, I caressed his muscular abdomen and chest, " Cum in me. Todd. Take off the rubber."

He looked at me with a pure lust that I could tell was becoming unmanageable for him. "Are you sure?"

I was. "I trust you, baby... I need you. I need your cum in me. Shooting up inside me. Do it, baby. do it, Todd."

He pounded me hard with a few more strokes, then abruptly pulled himself out of me. The sudden absence of his penis was startling... I felt empty... I needed him back. He was quick to oblige, tearing the condom off and dropping it on the grass.

Our eyes met. I thrust my dilated anus higher into the air and he drove his bare cock straight and hard into my gaping hole. A drop of sweat fell from the tip of his nose onto my lip as he fucked me with delirious abandon/ I slithered my tongue out, tasting his sweat, and it sent me over the edge, I gasped out in short breaths:

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Oh, God, cum in me baby, cum in me!"

I could see he was there. His thrusts became frantic as he entered the throws of his orgasm. He slammed himself balls deep into me and moaned. A warmth filled my bowels and I knew he was spurting his white hot seed into the deep recesses of my asshole. I squeezed and released, milking his sperm from him as a thick rope of sperm spit from my own cock with such force that it flew up to my face and landed squarely in my open mouth.

He kept impaling me with short thrusts, and I knew each one was a fresh spurt of cum pasting the insides of my pulsing anus. I could feel how loose and slippery my anal canal had become as his dick slammed back and forth, his hot ejaculate flowing up between my rectum walls and his squirting cock. I shot another stream of cum onto my chest, then another onto my belly. He fell onto me, still twitching and shooting up my hole and kissed me, sharing my sperm that had hit my lips. We thrashed against each other, sharing a cum kiss as the cum stream subsided in my bowels. 

"Oh God," I whimpered, "that was incredible."

I looked up and Todd was just beaming. "Yes... yes it was." he gasped.

We laid there for a few minutes, then we got dressed and I took him home to a very secluded mansion in the heavily wooded hills of Topanga Canyon. 

He told me to remember how to get back there because his mom was leaving for New York that weekend.

"I'm not going to forget that you still owe me a fuck", he said as he kissed me and got out. 

"I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you, baby," I replied.

"This Saturday?"

"This Saturday."

He flashed me one last smile, then turned and strolled through the gate. I watched his little Speedo clad bubble butt as it round a corner and disappeared from view. 

I let out a big breath as I pulled away. "Whew!" I felt a little dampness in my underwear and smiled, realizing it was Todd's cum dripping out of my warm, throbbing hole. I couldn't keep from giggling to myself as I drove off.