 I couldn't believe my luck. Against my better judgement, I went on a blind date. I was glad I did. He's smart, witty, sweet and fun. He's not bad to look at either. I'd have to thank Karen at work for introducing us. I had my reservations about meeting Philip, almost cancelling the date at the last minute. Since it had been awhile, and I was tired of spending my Saturday nights with a carton of ice cream and television, I didn't.

When he picked me up, I was more than pleasantly surprised. There, before me, was a six foot tall muscular dirty blond stud. I think I even let out an eek of surprise as my eyes took all of him in, from head to toe. He filled out those khaki pants and polo shirt perfectly. Then there was that smile that I swear if they didn't melt my heart, those emerald green eyes did. 

"Hi, I'm Philip." He stuck out his hand in greeting, but I was too stunned to function. "You must be Leo." It took me a minute to realize my stumbling and I took his hand. "I see Karen didn't do you justice in her description of you." I know I blushed. It took me a moment to realize I hadn't said anything. 

"Nice to meet you, Philip." I finally spoke up squeezing his hand. "She didn't do you justice at all." Damn, he was gorgeous, not to say I wasn't handsome either. We did make an odd pair, me being five foot two with black wavy hair and pale porcelain skin. People in the gym called me pocket muscle because I kept my body tight. 

Philip drove us. Dinner was nice. We talked and laughed over a bottle of wine at dinner. Afterwards we walked to the movie theater, the odd couple that we were. We even held hand during the movie. It was all quite nice to say the least. He was even a gentleman and walked me to my door. That's when I got a little bold. "Would you like to come in for coffee?" 

The smirk he gave me when I asked, told me he knew what I really wanted. "Sure." As soon as I shut the door behind us, we were on the couch, getting hot and bothered. I straddled him, his hands running up and down my back, occasionally cupping my ass. I rotated my hips as I moaned into the kiss. I wanted him in me.

My shirt came off. I pulled his off. He had a well-defined chest with a flat lickable stomach. "Fuck, man, I want you." I growled shoving my tongue down his throat. My hard cock strained for freedom, and I could feel his pressing up under me. I wanted this. I knew he did too. "I want to feel you in me." I snarled lowly, my voice dripping with the need.

Philip's roaming hands froze. I pulled back, looking at his confused face. Had I said something wrong? Had I misinterpreted the situation? I sat straddling his lap, waiting for some clue to what fax paus I had done. The moment stretch and eternity when he finally said, "I'm a bottom." My cock shrivelled. "Are you a ..." I nodded.

"Fuck!" We both shouted in unison, realizing Karen had forgotten to ask the most important question. Philip's hands fell to the side and I fell onto him. Here we were, two horned up men, ready and willing, lacking the one thing that we needed. A top. I wanted Philip so bad, and I was certain he wanted me.

"Come with me." I got off of Philip and pulled him along with me to the bedroom as the idea struck me. "I have an idea." Two bottoms didn't make a top, but two bottoms could improvise. I let go of his hand and looked up sheepishly at him. In my lust fueled thinking, I had forgotten to ask if he'd be okay with it. I couldn't vocalize my idea, so I showed him, pulling open my nightstand drawer.

He looked at me, into the drawer and then back at me. My heart raced. I wasn't sure what his reaction was going to be. I watched nervously as the smile crept across his face. "I like your thinking." I let out a sigh of relief as he reached in and pulled out one of my favorite toys, a long thick flesh tone dildo. "You take this?"

"Yeah." I blushed with pride. "I wonder if you could take it." I relaxed, feeling a little devilishness in me, I reached in and pulled out some anal beads. "Maybe you could use this one me?" He tossed the dildo onto the bed then me, his body covering mine as our lips found each other's. That fiery lust was rekindled in us. 

"Let's get naked." He growled in my ear, reluctantly standing up. I sat up on my elbows, enjoying the sight of him peeling down those form fitted khakis, revealing his black boxer briefs and muscled tree trunk legs. I could see the very distinct outline of his delicious excitement. Fuck, why couldn't he be a top?

The he put his hands on his hips and gave me a sexy wiggle as he turned around and slipped the underwear down, showing me his wonderfully toned hairless ass. I let out a low whistle of appreciation as he stood, looking back at me. "Ready for biggest disappointment in your life?" With that he turned around swinging a thick and juicy eight inch sausage. 

"Are you ready for yours?" I stood up, and pushed him back onto the bed. I didn't give him the same flair he gave me. I shucked my pants and underwear in one fell swoop, wiggling my own hairless muscled booty at him. He cat called when I stood and shook it one more time for him. "Ready?"

"Yes." I could hear the excitement in his voice. I turned around and the heard the groan of disappointment. It was evident he was very impressed with my nine inch pole, just not with the fact it wouldn't pound into him. "Really? We're both big dick bottoms?" He fell back onto the bed, almost ready to give up. "Fuck!" He yelled in frustration. "I hate Karen right now."

I looked at him, laid out on my bed, arms akimbo. His hard defined chest, flat stomach and oh so tempting piece of meat. While he may have given up, his hard cock hadn't, and neither had I. I crawled between his legs, intent on one thing. Tasting him in the back of my throat. By the time Philip looked up to see what I was doing, I had the thick veiny treat in my hand pointed up, ready and willing.

A groan of appreciation escaped Philip as my lips caressed over his tip and slipped down his shaft. Any second thoughts he had about our little tryst were over. I closed my eyes, feeling the soft steel of his cock against my tongue. He ran a hand through my hair as I pressed him further into my mouth, the slowly rose back up. 

If there was one thing I knew, it was how to do that slow tease with my mouth, bringing them up slowly to the peak of pleasure and then slowly bring them back down. I worked him slowly, just the first five or six inches with my tongue slathering around his amble girth before I showed him my real skills. 

He was just at that point I wanted him at. That point where you think that it can't get any better. That's when I took him down to the base, sliding his cock down my waiting and willing throat. Philip gasped in pleasure and shock as I rested there then came all the way back up to the tip. "Fuck, you're good at that." I heard Philip moan as I repeated the action over and over again. 

My cock swung free between my legs as I enjoyed working Philip with my mouth. I could feel the strands of precum splattering against my legs, all the while tasting Philip's own juices coating my tongue. I was in pure automatic slut bottom mode, working his cock, cupping his balls and enjoying every single minute of it. 

"My turn." Philip pulled me off his cock with a wet pop, placing me in the center of the bed in one swift motion. "Let's see how you like my skills." Our eyes met. I watched as he positioned my achingly hard cock to his lips, his tongue darting out to gather my juices from my leaking tip. I was always a heavy precummer. 

Philip kept his eyes locked with mine. I watched him magically swallow my sword with the practice ease of experience. "Damn, Philip." I moaned, gripping the bedding from the sensation of his warm mouth enveloping devouring my cock while his tongue massaged the underside of my shaft. He was definitely skilled.

He worked his throat around my cock, massaging it gently with each welcoming push into his gullet. I could have laid like that forever, letting Philip enjoy my tender flesh. The sensations that filled my body from Philip's tongue wrapping around my shaft were beyond belief. I've been missing out on a lot not playing with another pure bottom like myself.

I felt the cool air against my spit slick dick when Philip pulled up and off me with a gleam of mischief in his eyes. "Ready to flip?" I assumed he meant me sucking him again, but then Philip pressed my legs up against my chest, folding me in half. "I'm going to get you sloppy wet." I felt his fingers run against my anxious hole. "Oh, Leo."

Philip's tongue ran from the base of my spine to the tip of my balls in one long languid stroke. His thick tongue worked its way up and down my crevice, then slowly circled around, spiraling down till he found my center. I felt the gentle kiss of his lips before his tongue slipped out and began to slow tease, relaxing me, opening me up.

I held onto my legs, pulling them back impossibly far, trying to give him every vantage point to taste me. I could feel him coax me open, slipping slowly into me with the talented tongue of his. The lust driven sexual side of me began to awaken and take control. Philip's tongue had me purring in pleasure and sending to places I hadn't thought I'd go.

I loved the way Philip was making me feel, but I couldn't just lay there and let him have all the fun. I let go of my legs, and reached down to pull his head up from me. He looked up over my dick from between my legs, his face glazed with spittle and what not. "Arch your ass up." I commanded, my voice lower and deeper than I ever remember it being.

He obeyed, climbing up on his knees, sticking that divine ass up in the air for me. "Stay right there." I felt this power I hadn't really felt before during sex, a liberation. I freed my legs and climbed over his head and onto his back, his supple butt presented before me to do with as I wanted. 

My hands glided over those firm cheeks. I blew on that winking hole and felt him jump under me. I liked being the one in control, the one teasing, the one on top, sort of. I sucked on my index finger, wetting it, before running it in tiny slow circles around his bud. "Leo." I heard the soft whimper below me. 

I knew I was dragging out this slow tease and I didn't care. This was just as much about him as it was me. I tapped my finger then found my face deep in his ass. I was smothering him with my tongue. I wasn't sure what I was doing, I didn't really eat ass, but I did tonight. My tongue and mind went wild as I felt him relax into me.

I gently nipped at his cheeks, pushed into him with my tongue and fingers, all the time hearing those delicious sounds of ecstasy coming from behind me. I pulled back, admiring his sloppy wet hole. I slapped his cheek, once, then twice and finally a third time for good measure. "Stay." I barked. 

I moved off him just long enough to grab the lube from the nightstand and the dildo that we had knocked to the floor. I mounted his back again, my cock hard and drooling down his back. "Let's see if you're as good a bottom as me?" I joked, slicking up the latex behemoth, letting the extra dribble onto his hole. "Ready?"

"Stick it in me already." He barked back, that same tone of need mixed with authority in his voice. "Quit teasing me, Leo, give it to me." I obliged, pressing the tip to his welcoming entrance. I pushed slowly, watching him take it with ease. I felt his body tense beneath me then relax as he practically pulled it into him.

I had seen it in porn, even felt myself do it, but to see it so close and personal, watching someone pull a cock, even a fake one into them, was simply amazing. I pushed until all nine inches were swallowed deep in him, the fake balls resting on his cheeks. "Fuck." I was definitely turned on. I was about to pull it back out, when it hit me. "You slut, you were expecting to get laid tonight."

"Hell, yeah, I was." I heard him snarl, his ass twisting to try and move the toy in and out without my help. "So where you. Now quit torturing me and get to work on that ass." I pulled it just slightly out and then back in as punishment for his accurate observation. "Bastard, you know payback is a bitch, and so am I."

That convinced me to stop my sexual antagonizing of him. I began sliding it in and out of Philip, twisting it and varying the speed and force, the way I liked it. I made sure he felt every bump, every fake vein. I could tell that I was driving Philip crazy, feeling that thick fake penis push into him over and over again. 

With a real cock, we'd build to a euphoric crescendo with bodies covered in sweat and bodily fluids. This was different. We controlled how long we played, enjoying the sensations instead of letting the stimulation of just one of us deciding when it was over. This was something I would definitely look into doing again. 

I was lost in the thought that I hadn't realized that Philip had decided it was his turn to tease and please. In a quick motion, the fake cock still deep in him, he flattened out and rolled over under me. My ass now rested on his chest and his hands held me in place by my hips. "My turn, you little sex demon."

With one hand he grabbed the lube the other I heard him rummage in the drawer, finding my other favorite little toy, a bendy anal bead wand. It was just like anal beads, but rather than balls attached by strings, it had connected ovals. They started out small, about an inch thick, then grew in size and length with each connected segment till it was three inches thick and long. 

I leaned forward, giving him better access, flicking my tongue over the tip of his dick while he lubed me up. I felt the first segment go in, which was always easy enough, but the next and the next took him a moment to work into me as he let me adjust to the gradual increase in size. "Mm... Philip." 

I felt the ovals move over my inner button, and I couldn't resist that tempting slab of meat before me. I swallowed him down, then moved my hand under him, caressing the realistic balls before I began pulling and pushing it from him. "You little." I heard Philip curse. Then we were on our sides, his cock in my mouth, mine in his, both of us sliding toys in and out of each other. 

Now the agenda had wordlessly changed. We were in competition, seeing who could bring the other off first. I wouldn't say I was competitive, but I was bound and determined to win this one, even though I hadn't been with anyone for a while, I knew I could hold out. At least I hoped I could. 

I could feel that glorious feeling building to a peak in me. He was playing for keeps, just like me. I worked him down deep into my throat, slamming the latex toy in time. Philip moaned around my cock before doing the same to me. I wasn't sure about Philip, but I couldn't keep this up for long. 

Then, almost simultaneously, both of our bodies grew ridged with the build of over stimulation and as I spasmed into his mouth, he shot into mine. He held my hips close, keeping me buried deep in his throat while I pulled back and nursed the savory liquid from him. I pulled the toy from him, tossing it to the floor.

I didn't want to let his cock go, but as everyone knows, a spent cock is an oversensitive cock, so I eased off his cock. I felt Philip jerk and twitch a bit as my lips slipped over his delicious mushroom head. It was a moment after that when Philip pulled the toy form me and let my spent rod to fall from his lips. 

We both lay there, spent, panting, side by side, exhausted and pleased. Well, at least I was. It wasn't like being topped, but it wasn't like just jacking off either. "That was hot." I panted, still tasting his sweetness on my lips. "I admit it, you're just as good of a bottom as me. I tip my hat to you, sir."

Philip moved so that we laid face to face. He kissed me tenderly, the faint trace of me on his lips. "That was fantastic." He looked deep into my eyes. "I'll give you that you're a good bottom, just not as good as me." He winked playfully at me. "I really enjoyed that. It was just what the doctor ordered."

I grinned up at him knowing what he was thinking. "We need to find a top." We both said laughing. I pulled him down into a kiss. He pulled me close to him, his hand sliding down to my ass. We may not have been tops, but we sure knew how to have fun. Who knows, maybe we'd learn to top each other if we kept it up.