 Mark was the picturesque example of a family man. Good father of two teens, a hardworking provider and faithful husband of 22 years. He never cheated on his wife once although he had his opportunities. Although he was a handsome man and in great physical shape for a 41-year-old, he never once went behind his wife's back although he had been propositioned a couple of times. His was a happy marriage based of trust and respect, yet he had one secret that even his wife didn't know about.

It was a secret he dared not confess to anyone, not his wife, not his co-workers not even his best friend whom he shared many secrets with. A secret that he not only kept to himself but suppressed for many years. He felt uneasy about this secret and to act upon it would be a game changer. For the past ten years, Mark was curious about having sex with a man.

Not just any man but a well-hung black man. In fact, his real fantasy and the one he kept thinking about and even dreaming about was to have sex with two well-endowed, black studs and the past couple of months it seemed to almost become an obsession. 

It started innocently enough with a dream, one morning Mark had a vivid dream that he was sucking a large black cock. He didn't know the man in his dream but when he awoke, he had the hardest morning wood he had had since he was a teen and the image of him sucking this huge ebony dick haunted his thoughts for a few days. 

The next incident that effected Mark was the night he was watching a sports game with the family. They loved football and after the game one of the players was being interviewed in a post-game show. He only wore a sweaty tee-shirt that was ripped. The look of the athlete, sweaty and ripped caused an involuntary reaction for him and he soon realized he was sporting a raging hard-on.

That night was the first time Mark masturbated in the shower in years. After he soaped his cock to a slippery, sudsy lather, he stroked himself to orgasm in less than five minutes dreaming about being on his knees in front of the football player he saw on the television. When he got to bed his wife even said he still looked flush and asked if he was ok.

"I'm fine", Mark answered. "I guess I had the water a little too high", trying to cover what he was really doing. 

Mark knew there was no possible way he was going to have a real-life encounter with a black man, much less two. He didn't know anyone who was gay and was afraid to use the computer to meet anyone. For a long time, he just suppressed this fantasy and put it out of his mind although he would dream about it every now and then and even stroke one out alone in the shower fantasizing about it. 

One night, Mark was having trouble sleeping and was alone on the living room flipping through the channels when he was shocked to find a station that was selling adult toys. Vibrators, pocket pussies and anal toys were being shown off to the viewers and Mark was humored by the fact that they were selling it on T.V. even at 3 o'clock in the morning. Then they came across an item that took away his smile and took his breath away. 

The female host on the show displayed a large dildo that was molded from a black male porn star. As she described the dildo, Mark's full attention was on the image of the magnificent size of this toy. She described it as lifelike and firm, yet a texture that would make the user feel like they were with a real cock. She said the size would please the user and stretch your limits if you never had anything this size. She also said that many who were curious about interracial sex often started with a toy like this.

Mark was dumfounded and excited like he had never been before. He almost started to call the number on the screen but realized there was no way he could hide a credit card charge from his wife who paid the bills and looked over each bill with a careful eye. Since they never used sex toys, Mark never considered this as an alternative. But now he had to have one and his plan would soon be set in motion. 

The next week Mark took off work a couple of hours early and went to a sex shop that was on the other side of town. He knew it would be safe to go there in the daytime. When he went inside, he quickly zeroed in on the dildos and was shocked by the selection and the prices. He was meticulous looking over several but two stood out the most; a thick, black 10 incher that looked realistic but wasn't molded from a real cock. The other was molded from a black porn star and had to be 11 or 12 inches, impressively thick with balls for a base. Mark swooned and ached just at the sight of it. When he added the prices up, he realized they would cost over $150, but that was fine with him and he wanted them both. He went to the nearest ATM and withdrew the money, came back to the store and bought the toys with a bottle of lube. He really didn't care if the woman at the counter suspected what he was going to do with them, he was on a mission. 

When he got home, he was alone but he knew this wasn't the day he was going to try them. That would have to wait another day but he did find a good hiding place for them in the garage, but he just had to be patient and wait for the best time. Thankfully for him the wait wasn't too long when a couple of weeks later his wife wanted to visit her parents who lived a couple of hours away. He told his wife he was going to stay home but to take the kids and have a good time. His wife wasn't too suspicious or upset, Mark didn't always go with them so his not going this time wasn't shocking. 

Mark eagerly waited for his family to pile in the car and start their trip. He gave them all hugs and wished them a good time. As soon as he watched them drive down the street, he closed the garage door and retrieved the shopping bag with the two toys and lube. Mark's stomach was churning with a nervous anticipation and he laughed at himself for being so giddy with excitement. He even waited for another ten minutes, incase one of the kids forgot something or his wife suddenly changed her mind (she had done it before). When he felt as if the coast was clear, he went to the bedroom and dimmed the lights. 

He stripped out of his clothes and started a hot shower. He made it extra hot to really loosen up his nerves which were high and also make him feel alive all over. In the shower he lathered every inch and really scrubbed his privates and ass. He put on the huge, fluffy bathrobe his wife bought him a couple of Christmases ago that always made him feel comfortable and sexy. Before he turned off the bedroom lights, he lit a few candles that his wife liked to use when they made love, it always helped put him in the mood although he didn't need any help today.

He put the two toys on the bed with the K-Y Jelly and laid down opening up his robe. His cock was already semi-erect when he started to run his hands over his chest and down his hips and began to grasp his cock. He closed his eyes and began to imagine himself laying on the bed nude. He envisioned two black men in thier 20's standing on each side of the bed, stroking their cocks. Both were semi erect and as they watched his body, they both grew longer and thicker. 

It didn't take Mark long to sport a full erection as he pictured the two ebony studs standing on both sides of the bed. Mark uttered the words "I want your black cocks" out loud and he slipped out of the robe and flung it off the bed. Now completely nude, he positioned himself on his knees and elbows, grabbing the molded dildo and put it in front of him. He had been waiting for this moment since he first laid eyes on it. For that matter, he had waited for this moment for years and he immediately began to suck on the black cock. With one hand grabbing the thick shaft and the other cupping the balls, Mark slid the head of the dildo between his lips and took a huge mouthful of the cock.

Its head deep in his mouth he desperately wanted to see how much of the huge black cock he could take in his mouth. He began to chock and spasm but it didn't deter him from continuing his torrid sucking on the toy. All he could imagine was what it would be like to suck on a real black man's cock of this size. He could feel the rush of intimidation as he sucked and licked all up and down the thick hard black cock. He even worked his way down on the balls, licking and sucking on them and imagined the stud was telling him to please his big black dick. 

Mark's imagination was vivid, he could hear the man's moans and his vocal commands which he loved. "Suck that cock white boy" it made Mark suck even more feverishly. He was so taken by what he had been doing the past twenty minutes that he almost forgot there was another impressive black cock in the room wanting some attention. Mark grabbed the second dildo and began sucking on it, imagining that the second man had stuck his cock in his face demanding satisfaction. Mark was only too happy to go from cock to cock sucking one while rubbing the other on his face. His mouth produced a plentiful supply of saliva that drooled all over both toys giving them an even more realistic appearance. 

He even licked both heads at the same time holding the cock heads an inch apart from each other and tried fitting both in his mouth. He realized his cock was rock hard, maybe even harder than it had been since he was a teen. He knew it was time to take one in his ass but which one?

He toyed with the decision as he kept sucking on the two toys. He knew he had to have the twelve-inch cock in him but it was probably wiser to start with the smaller one. Although it was a shorter and thinner, it was still an impressive cock much bigger than his, even as he sported the most impressive erection of his life. He took the ten-inch dildo and began to squeeze the lube on it, covering the head with the gooey, cold ointment. He then put a huge glob on his index and middle finger and proceeded to smear it all over his asshole. Looking at the toy again he decided to repeat both lubing's, as he had never had anything like this in his ass. Still on his knees he positioned the toy behind him and centered the head right over his asshole. Slowly he guided his asshole on the thick ebony head and closed his eyes imagining that he was trying his fist BBC in real life. 

His lover was encouraging him in his mind, "Yeah, that's it white boy. Nice and easy, don't rush a good thing" He gritted his teeth, it wasn't going to be easy no matter how much lube he would use, the cock was simply too big. Mark began to rock back and forth, each time he pushed back a little bit more, the head slid deeper. He started to exhale huge breaths that made his cheeks puff out as he became totally intimidated and frightened with the power a big black cock actually possesses. Out loud Mark began to whimper, "Oh my God, its so big, IT'S SO FUCKING BIG! But I want it, I want your big black cock in my ass!" As he made his confession, he rocked back again and the head slipped in even deeper and it almost seemed to pop when it slipped past the rim of his asshole. 

The exhilaration of the realization that he finally got that big black head in his ass caused Mark to cry out "Yes! YES!" and he started to slip the cock deeper and deeper. When it went deeper, he would draw back but not enough to slip it back out of his ass, he was scared it would be tough to get it back in. Inch by inch he worked this studs' cock in his ass and with every stroke it felt easier and more relaxing. His strokes were slow at first but as his acceptance of the huge black cock grew, he became bolder and after fifteen minutes of getting used to the cock he began to really fuck it.

Now that Mark was really giving it to himself by rocking on this big black cock, he picked up the first one and started t suck on it again. He imagined he was riding one black man reverse doggie style, while the other one was standing on the bed feeding him his big beautiful black cock. More and more Mark increased his speed and force of the thrust. It was really fucking him good and his mouth was full of hot dark meat. He realized he was sweating and imagined his lovers were also getting drenched with sweat, which turned him on tremendously. Mark felt a deep pain in his stomach, an odd churning feeling that was growing with intensity. He almost stopped, but the feeling was too good and before he knew it, he realized what the feeling was. It wasn't pain, it was an earthshattering orgasm. It had been building for a while, but Mark wasn't paying attention to it with all of the excitement he was feeling. 

It also surprised him since he hadn't stroked his cock since he began using the toys but it was now clear and certain he was about to explode. He was amazed because he had never come like this except for his first wet dream when he was 13, but the rush was unmistakable and too intense. As he continued to ride his black friend and the other was buried in his mouth, his cock exploded with cum shooting out like he never saw his cock shoot cum before. He must have spurted out 9 or 10 times each wave intense and powerful. His semen was everywhere in front of him, all over the comforter on his bed and on his legs. He didn't want to stop, it felt so good what he was doing but he was physically spent and knew he needed a breather.

He grabbed his robe and put it on. He looked back at the bed. Both toys laying there and his impressive load of cum all over the bed. He started another shower, once again washing himself all over. In his mind he was considering stopping and cleaning up the mess and returning the toys to their hiding place, but the more he thought about what had happened the last hour, he knew there was just going to be a Round 1. 

After the shower he noticed his cock was starting to throb to life again, another sign he needed one more go at it. This time when he returned to the bed, he wasn't on his knees. He simply laid on his back and grabbed the bigger toy. The one he had sucked on all afternoon, but the one he was just dying to try. He almost felt a strange affection for the toy, like an emotional attachment to it. He envisioned what the man who was attached to it looked like and realized it was that sweaty athlete from the football game a few years ago. He wanted to be his lover and now he had his cock. He took it in his hands again and marveled at its size, length and thickness. The dark skin enthralled him and simply brought out a deep excitement that he couldn't deny. Mark loved black cock. The admission in his mind empowered him and gave him a rush of fulfillment. It was then that he realized his cock had swelled to a full erection again and he began to suck the twelve-inch black cock again. This time with a sensual and loving motion as if he was telling the owner how much he really loved his ebony manhood. 

Mark kissed the toy and licked it all over. Once again, his saliva coated the cock and the dark skin wetted with his spit seemed to bring the toy to life and it made him want to burry it deep inside him. Mark grabbed the lube and coated the toy with it and put on a fresh slab on his asshole. He opened his legs and held the base of the cock as he slipped it into his ass. Once again it took some patience, a little work and relaxation but he managed the large head inside him again. Mark gave his lover the name of Derek and told him "Fuck me Derek, fuck me with your big black cock." 

The toy slid deeper and deeper, once it made it past his ass hole rim it seemed to slide in easier than the first time. Mark figured he was broken in and quickly went into a torrid pace fucking his ass with long fast strokes. He imagined this stud enjoyed the feel of his ass and fucking an older white man. Once again Mark fantasied that Derek was taking dirty to him as he fucked him hard. 

"Take it, take that black cock."

"Oh yes, I love it. I love your black cock, Derek!" Mark moaned out loud. He was even more vocal than before. Mark spun around, back on his knees with his ass in the air and grabbed the toy up between his legs. From this angle he could fuck himself even faster and harder, because that's the way Derek would do it. 

With his other hand he grabbed the other toy laying on the bed and shoved it in his mouth, this was Derek's cousin Kevin who was joining them this afternoon. Mark wanted two black men so desperately and almost was in tears with desire as he fucked and sucked both of these big dicks. 

"Use me! Use my body!" Mark shouted. "Fuck my ass, fuck my mouth! I just want you two motherfuckers to cum all over me!" Mark let go of the black cock in his mouth as he continued to lick it as it laid on the bed in front of him but grabbed his own cock, feeling the start of his second orgasm.

Mark closed his eyes as he imagined the two black men beginning to cum in his ass and mouth, filling both orifices with their black seed. As he saw this in his mind, his cock exploded once again as his cum once again was shot all over his bed while he continued to fuck his ass doggie style. 

Exhausted, Mark rolled over the bed and all over the puddles of cum he had left then and earlier. He pulled out the toy out of his ass and laid there until he could get the strength to wash his toys off, take a shower and take the comforter to the washing machine. Mark cleaned and covered every trace of his exploits so his wife would never notice. When she got home late that night, she asked what he did all day.

"Nothing, just laid around all day." He said with an inner smile. Mark knew he would have to bring out the toys again sometime soon, it was just too much fun. But even deeper in his mind he thought perhaps he was ready for the real thing.