 So I have this friend that I've known since junior high and a few years ago he came out to me as bi. I didn't really think too much about it at the time, I just said the usual supportive stuff and life went on as normal. We both got married, had kids, etc. but still spent a lot of time together hanging out. One night I was hanging out at his place and we were shooting the shit and the topic of conversation turned to sex. Both our wives had pretty much cut off the pussy and we were both horny as hell. Jeff says to me I gotta go upstairs for a minute if you want a blowjob lose your pants and I'll give you one when I get back. I was a little stunned and long story short I chickened out and went home with a hard on and blue balls.

A few days later we were hanging out sitting on the sofa next to each other bitching about our sex lives again. He reaches over and starts rubbing my cock through my shorts. I was instantly hard. At this point in my life I had never looked at another guy in a sexual manner, much less considered doing the actual deed. He finishes his beer, says he's going to take a leak, and the offer of a blow job still stands. I thought about it for a couple of minutes, drained my beer and took off my shorts. I'd been kicking myself for turning down a blowjob for several days, even if it was from another guy and my best friend no less so I figured what the hell. He comes out of the bathroom and drops right to his knees. I was stunned and aroused at the same time. I couldn't remember the last time I got a blowjob and he wasted no time. He gave me hands down the best blow job I've ever gotten and when I came he swallowed every drop then licked the head of my cock clean it was fantastic. The he looks up at me and tells me to get dressed and take off before his wife comes home. So I did.

I spent the next couple of weeks busy as hell so I didn't get a chance to see Jeff for a while but I thought about that amazing blowjob often. And I wondered what it would be like to return the favor. I started thinking about that quite a bit, actually. And I decided the next chance I got I was going to suck his cock too. As it turns out I didn't have to wait very long.

As usual, we were hanging out at his place while his wife was at work. I started teasing the hell out of him. Asking him if he wanted to swap BJs this time, petting his thigh or cock through his pants, tweaking his nipples, even grabbing his ass when the opportunity presented itself. He finally gets up to get a beer and I just yank his pants down and grabbed his cock. He looked surprised but didn't resist as I slowly licked the head and stated sucking on it. It didn't take long before his eyes started rolling back in his head and he was moaning pretty loud. I never realized sucking cock was so hard. It had only been a few minutes and my jaw hurt and there was no way I was getting the whole thing in my mouth without gagging hard enough to puke. He didn't seem to mind though. Not long after the moans started I was rewarded with a load of hot salty spunk that I swallowed fast to keep from tasting it. I pulled his pants back up then stood and gently pushed him back down onto the sofa and dropped my pants for him to return the favor.

We continued swapping blowjobs for several months. I got better at it and learned to take the whole shaft down my throat without gagging. At some point Jeff told his wife about our activities and they continued with her blessing. He would tease me by telling me about how she loved the idea of watching the two of us. When we were hanging out he would tell me how much they both wanted a threesome with me but somehow we never managed to work out the timing for it to happen. 

We started playing with each other more and more, and Jeff started pushing for more than just a blowjob. I don't mean he tried to fuck me, but instead of the quick blow and go, we started exploring more. We'd be hanging out watching TV and he would start rubbing me down, playing with my nipples, sucking them, biting my neck. Or while he was blowing me he'd rub my asshole gently with his fingers. He would ask me to go get a round of beers and smack my ass as I did so. Or even just randomly grab my ass while we were out in public. If we went for a drive somewhere I could count on him rubbing my thigh and cock the whole way there. In short, he was being a total horn dog and treating me the way a lot of horny guys treat their girlfriend. The only difference was that I was about as masculine as a guy can be and I LOVED the attention. After years of a sexless marriage it felt great to be desired again. I never really thought of him as my boyfriend, but in retrospect, I guess he was. In pretty much every sense of the word. 

I didn't know it then but my blow job buddy was becoming my teacher and mentor into the world of BDSM, something that would change my life forever. All the attention I was getting was in some ways training for what was to come. This was the beginning of my journey and I would grow to love sucking cock as much as I like eating pussy. But that's another story.

To be continued...