 SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22

Sandy stood up, walked around the bed, and bent over Bill. "It's your turn." She pulled Bill to his feet and kissed him. He kissed her back.

"You like that," she said.

"Guess I do."

She kissed him again. "You guess?"

"All right. Kissing you feels good. As good as kissing a guy. Better than some guys."

"You like playing with my tits, too."

"Okay, I do. I'm still gay."

"Don't worry. I'm not asking you to fuck my pussy . . . This time." She turned her back to him and bent over the bed. "I've got an ass, too. Just pretend I'm a boy."

Bill stood still, staring at Sandy's butt. His hard-on had grown even bigger. 

I moved behind Bill and rubbed my rigid pole between his buttocks as I stroked his stiff dick. "Go on, quarterback. Give the lady what she wants." I pressed my cock-head into his asshole. "I'll help you out."

He stared at Sandy while pushing back against my stiff cock. "All right."

"Good move." I smeared lube on our cocks, then slid my slick finger up his ass. It went in easily. 

"Come on, Bill," Sandy reached back and pulled her butt cheeks open, showing off her little puckered hole. It glistened with lube and my cum. "Fuck my butt. Good and hard."

Bill stepped behind Sandy and slid his hard cock up her ass. "Oh yeah!" she whispered. "That's so good." 

"This is great." He pulled almost out, then pushed back in. "Your butt's as hot and tight as any guy's." 

"That's right," Sandy answered. "Let me have it. Nice and hard." He fucked her with long slow strokes. She rocked back in time with his thrusts. 

"Ready for a real rough ride, cowboy?" I asked.

"Sure." He gasped when I drove my stiff dick up his butt. "Fuck! This is great!" I slammed his ass while he butt-fucked Sandy. 

"Oh fuck! I'm close!" Sandy cried. "Shoot it! Come in my ass!"

"All right!" Bill gasped. "Here it comes!" She screamed, coming violently as he slammed her asshole. I hammered his butt, shooting with each rough thrust. I pulled my dick out of his butt and sank into the chair beside the bed. 

Sandy collapsed face down on the bed with Bill on top of her. They were breathing hard. "So good," she whispered.

"Yeah," Bill answered. "You all right?"

"Sure. That was great."

"For me, too."

She laughed. "I could tell. All the hot stuff you shot in my ass." They lay still for a moment. "Guess I'm ready to get up."

Bill stood up. Sandy got to her feet, a little unsteadily, and kissed him.

I rose from the chair and kissed Bill, then Sandy. "Let's go take a shower."

"All of us?" Sandy asked.

"Sure," I answered. "It'll be a little crowded, but that'll make it more fun."

In the shower, I adjusted the water for a fine warm spray. It was soft and sensual without being uncomfortably hot. 

"This feels good," Sandy said. "Let's wash each other." She kissed me. "Starting with you." She ran the soap over my chest and thighs, then handed the bar to Bill. He washed my back and fingered my ass crack while she fondled my stiff cock and tight balls. Then, we put Bill in the middle. She took the front again, giving his cock and balls special attention.

When we'd finished with Bill, Sandy said, "My turn." She grabbed Bill when he tried to move behind her. "You came on my tits." She handed him the soap. "Now, you're going to clean them off." I humped his ass crack while he ran soap-slick hands over her heavy breasts. 

"That's right," Sandy whispered. She sank to her knees and pressed Bill's stiff cock between her breasts. "Fuck my tits."

"This is weird," Bill said as he humped Sandy.

"But, do you like it?" she asked.

"Well, yeah."

"Guys do. It's kind of kinky, but still . . ." She stood up and kissed him. "Now, wash my pussy." He hesitated, then put soap on his hand and gingerly reached between her legs. "Don't worry," she said. "It doesn't bite."

I pressed my hard-on between Sandy's butt cheeks and fondled her breasts while Bill fingered her pussy. " Rub it," she gasped. "Just like that."

"Fuck!" Sandy screamed softly and arched her back. Bill froze. "Keep going," she said. "Keep rubbing my clit." I gripped her waist as she came. 

"That was good," she said. "Now, let's go back to bed." We dried off hastily, then Sandy gripped our cocks and led us down the hall to my bedroom.

We stopped at the foot of my bed. "What now?" Bill asked.

"Get on your back," she said. "I'm going to ride your cock." 

Bill lay on the bed. Sandy straddled his hips, spiked her pussy on his stiff dick, and kissed him. "I love your big thick cock. All the way up my cunt."

Sandy twisted around to look at me. "Fuck my ass. While Bill fucks my pussy." 

"Okay." I coated my finger with lube and eased it into Sandy's asshole. It was really tight, so I finger-fucked her carefully, occasionally adding more lube. She rolled her hips, slowly humping Bill's stiff prick. 

When her ass muscles relaxed, I added a second finger and thrust harder and faster. She rocked her hips, matching my tempo. "All right, Stud," she growled. "I'm ready for your big fat cock."

I smeared lube on my rod and pressed my cock-head into her tight little asshole, gradually stretching it open. Her muscles tensed for a moment, then relaxed. My cock slid smoothly up her butt.

"Yeah!" she gasped. "That's right!" 

She fucked Bill slowly. I moved in time with her rolling hips. "Feel good?"

"Oh God, yeah!" Sandy rocked her hips faster. Bill and I adjusted our thrusts to match her motions. His cock rubbed against mine through the thin wall of flesh that separated them. "Even better than I imagined." She rocked her hips. "Come on, boys. Give my cunt and asshole a real workout."

We did. I gripped Sandy's hips to hold her in place and Bill played with her heavy breasts. She screamed, coming over and over as we hammered her. 

"Yeah, boys!" Sandy cried. "Give me your loads." I came after a few more thrusts. Bill bellowed like a rutting bull as he rammed Sandy's pussy. 

"That was fantastic," she said. "Both of you squirting inside me. So hard and hot. I've never come like that before."

My cock slipped out of Sandy's ass when she leaned forward to kiss Bill. She lifted herself off his stiff prick and kissed me just as thoroughly. 

We lay on our backs with Sandy in the middle. She wrapped her hands around our cocks and whispered "Touchdown!"

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *