 Several months had passed since Mark bought the two dildos. He used them almost every chance he could when he had the house to himself, which was only once or twice a month. Once, on a day he was really horny, he left work early so he could play with them for a couple of hours. Being able to pleasure himself with the two black dildos didn't end up relieving his curiosity of having a black cock, if anything it was intensifying it.

From time to time he would picture a sexy black man that he saw on television or in public while he fucked his ass with a dildo or feverishly sucked one but it wasn't an alternative, it was only strengthening his desire and frustration. He wanted to try one so bad but he couldn't think of a safe way, without risking his family knowing. He didn't know that he was only a couple weeks from his first experience. 

Every year Mark would have to go to a training seminar for his company. The seminars were as close as a few hours drive to as far as a plane ride. This year's was very far, so he knew he would have to book a flight and get a hotel room. He was lucky to find a hotel that was walking distance from the seminar's location. They were usually two days long preceded with a meet and greet the day before as everyone settled in their perspective accommodations. Mark landed Thursday afternoon and caught a cab to his hotel. The first night's activities were in a conference room with the various district and regional managers welcoming their team members, introducing them around. 

As soon as Mark stepped into the room Jim Travers, Mark's regional manager greeted him with a wave to join his table that had six other men sitting there. Mark instantly recognized four of the men being members of Jim's team that had worked with the company for several years. But as Jim introduced the two newest members, Mark was struck that one of them was a tall handsome black man. "Mark, I would like you to meet Quinton Stewert", Jim announced as the man stood and shook Mark's hand. 

Quinton was at least 6'4" and had a slim but athletic build. He looked like a male model with rugged, handsome features. He had a shaved head and wore no facial hair. He appeared to be in his late 20's and Mark was convinced that he must have been an athlete. As Mark joined the table, Jim began to discuss some of the subjects the seminar was going to cover this year and the speakers that Jim wanted his team to hear. Jim was a man in his early 50's and had been with the company for nearly 25 years. He was a handsome, distinguished looking man that had an air of confidence, power and intelligence. 

He spoke to the table of men for another 15 minutes and then invited them to mingle around and introduce themselves to others in the company. Like the others Mark worked the room talking to people, greeting the men and women he has already known from past seminars and introducing himself to several of the new people. As he went around, he kept his eye on Quinton, who seemed very sociable and eager to meet others. After nearly an hour, Quinton walked up to Mark surprising him with a question.

"Mark, I understand you've been with the company for over 12 years." 

"That's true, next March will be 13 years here for me." Mark replied.

"Your reputation as a manager is impressive, I have only been on this level for a few months. I could use some advice."

"Of course," Mark offered "anything I can do to help."

"Would you mind if we spoke somewhere not as crowded?" Quinton asked.

"We could walk to my hotel, its just across the street and they have a nice bar there."

"That's a great ideal," Quinton said.

As they walked, Mark was really looking Quinton over. His suit seemed custom made as it fit him flawlessly even for his height. He had a confident stride and his physical stature really stuck out. The bar in the hotel was large and had many private areas, since it wasn't even half full. Mark did want a drink to relax him after his long flight but deep in his mind he wanted to be alone with Quinton. They took a booth in a far corner with Quinton having a beer and Mark, a Scotch & soda. 

The first 30 or 45 minutes were all about Quinton's questions about running an effective office. He seemed eager to learn and to succeed but Mark could tell he was new to the job with many of his questions. After another round their discussion started to become more personal. Quinton revealed he was indeed an athlete before he went to work for the company, playing basketball for college and majoring in business. He tried playing professional in Europe for a couple of years before hanging up his sneakers and becoming a professional manager. He said Jim Tavers personally recruited him last year and he has been balancing running an office while learning the ropes along the way. It hasn't been easy.

Quinton also talked about his family. A wife and two young children. It was on their third round of drinks that he admitted that the combination of the pressure of his job and his frustration with his wife has really brought him down the last few months. 

"Are you two not getting along?" Mark asked inquisitively. 

"No, nothing like that" Quinton admitted, "Its our love life, after the birth of our second child it seems like her willingness to want to get intimate has gone." 

"How many times have you two been together? Mark asked.

"Zero, the last couple of months." Quinton answered, which shocked Mark.

"Your kidding? A handsome man like you? I don't believe it." 

"Yeah, its rough. I walk around with a hard-on most of the time. I have to wear boxer briefs, because I go through regular underwear with these hard-ons." His admission, lit a fire in Mark's belly. 

"Uh, your joking right. Its, um... that big?" Mark stammered. 

"Yeah, pretty big and gets hard and stays hard for hours." 

"Why don't you just take care of yourself and relieve the pressure?" Mark asked as he took a huge swig of his drink. 

"Ah, I'm not really into that. If I get off, I want someone else to do it. I'm telling you Mark, I am so horny and full of cum I would let anyone suck me off." Mark couldn't believe his ears, Quinton continued, "I have a monster hardon right now, if you wanna see." 

Mark almost spit out his drink in mid gulp. "Uh...um...ok" was all he could say.

Quinton stoop up out of the booth and looked around the room, the few other people in the bar were not paying attention and he stood in front of Mark's side of the booth, opened his suit and slid each side of his coat revealing his crotch. "Do you see?" he asked.

Clearly Mark saw a large bulge that snaked down his right leg. Quinton's dress pants were tight enough to revel his massive hardon. But Mark thought it was best to play it cool. "No, not really. Its kind of dark in here." 

Quinton motioned for Mark to scoot over into the booth so he could sit right next to him, surprising Mark. Mark slid over and Quinton sat next to him. Grabbing Mark's hand without any resistance he paced it on his right thigh but Mark could immediately feel the long thick shaft of Quinton's throbbing cock. 

"Oh my God!" Mark said outload involuntarily as his hand instinctively squeezed Quinton's thick shaft revealing that it rivaled the toys back in Mark's garage that he loved so much. But Mark didn't pull his hand away, he simply ran it up and down Quinton's cock marveling at its suggested length and thickness. "H-h-h-how big is it?" Mark asked.

"I never measured", Quinton answered. "Would you like to see it?" he asked knowing that he had Mark wrapped around his finger. 

"Ok" Mark answered coyly.

"Now if I show you my cock, you'll have to suck it. You do understand this, right?" 

"Ok...ok, I understand" Mark responded hypnotically. Quinton suggested they go to Mark's room and the two went to the elevators. In the lobby, they were waiting for the elevator when suddenly they heard a familiar voice. "Oh hey, Quinton, Mark I've been looking for you two." It was Jim Tavers. He explained that he had a dossier of the activities for the weekend and wanted to give it to the men. He told them his room was also in this hotel and asked the men to accompany him to his room.

The added anticipation was killing Mark. He was probably noticeably nervous as Jim spoke to the two about some of the other details of the seminar. Mark couldn't really concentrate on what his boss was saying, all that ran through his mind was he was going to be sucking on a huge black cock soon. Quinton seemed remarkably cool and collected, Mark had figured that he would be more antsy about the situation because it was Quinton who said he hadn't cum in so long but he seemed very relaxed as Jim talked to them.

"Hey you two want to join me for drinks in the bar?" Jim asked.

"No thanks", Mark responded "It was a long flight, I'm going to call it a night." 

"How about you Quinton", Jim turned to Quinton who explained that he was heading to bed himself to the relief of Mark. He was afraid that Quinton would take up Jim's offer to score some brownie points but Jim was soon telling the men goodnight as they went back to the hall to catch the elevator. As they left the room, Jim told the men to get a good night's sleep. Mark smiled at the ideal because he wasn't planning on sleep soon. 

"Thanks for saying, no" Mark told Quinton "I was afraid you were going to ditch me to spend the evening with Jim."

"Hell no", Quinton said slyly "This is going to go down." Mark was relieved that Quinton seemed as excited as he was. The ride up to Mark's floor seemed to take forever. Mark was getting more anxious with each passing minute. All he could do is relive the shock of feeling Quinton's massive cock with his hand at the table and what it might look like in person. His desire to suck on a large black cock would be happening very soon and he was as giddy as a child on Christmas morning. 

When they got to his room Mark used his card key to unlock it and opened the door, holding it as Quinton walked in. When he entered, he turned to the door and double locked it for privacy, as he turned, he was met by Quinton who was standing in the hallway. Without saying a word, Quinton grabbed Mark's shoulders and pushed down directing Mark onto his knees. As Mark knelt in front of Quinton, he slowly began to undo his belt.

Quinton seemed to know how to build anticipation because he took nearly a minute just to undo his belt and unbutton his dress pants. He then took a long slow draw of his zipper as Mark's eyes just fixated on his crotch watching Quinton's bulge throb in his pants. Even if Mark hadn't have touched it, he would have been convinced by now that this cock was going to be every inch what he had dreamed about for years. 

Mark dared not say a word, worrying anything said might be the wrong thing at the moment. He just knelt in front of Quinton patiently, as the tall black man continued to tease and build the anticipation of showing Mark his big black cock. When his zipper was all the way down, he let his pants fall down to his ankles. Mark could see the shape of a thick, long cock straining against the briefs. It was definitely throbbing with life and itching to be released. Quinton hooked both sides of his boxer briefs with his thumbs and slid them down letting his cock pop straight out. The erection sprung straight out and his large dark head was now only a few inches from Mark's mouth.

Instead of jumping on it, Mark relished the sight of the first black cock he ever saw in person. It was a magnificent specimen, immediately he recognized that Quinton was uncircumcised but his huge head was out of its foreskin. His long shaft was the dark color of his skin but the giant head was a shade lighter. It was shiny and looked polished, the term "apple head" came to mind and it was literally size of one. 

Quinton's shaft was veiny, giving it the appearance of being jaw droppingly hard. It just twitched a few inches up and down as Mark continued his visual inspection. Easily measuring over 10 inches, it could be as long as 11 or 12 to Mark's estimation. What was even more impressive was its thickness, being as round as one of the beer bottles that Quinton was drinking earlier. 

As Mark's hand rose up to get his first handful of Quinton's massive ebony rod, Mark also noticed that Quinton was blessed with two huge balls that hung very low thanks to a huge ball sack that seemed to house a couple of nuts that were larger than golf balls. Mark took a firm hold of Quinton's cock because it seemed like that was the only way to hold it.

His right hand was at the base of his cock and there was still so much of his dick left, he decided to grab it with his left hand as well. It was an incredible sight to see both hands gripping Quinton's black cock and still have so much more left untouched. 

"That is an impressive cock" Mark told Quinton. Quinton just smiled and put his hand on top of Mark's head, inviting him to have a taste. As Mark stroked Quinton with both hands, he couldn't decide if he wanted to suck it first or lick it. He decided to start with licks and stuck his tongue out, running it up and down Quinton's incredible length. 

For months Mark was used to a plastic, synthetic taste when he sucked the dildos. Quinton's cock tasted salty, sweet and a bit meaty. To Mark it tasted very good and soon he began to kiss Quinton's cock as well. When he took his first mouthful, his mouth was completely wet with saliva and it slipped in nicely despite having to open his jaw as far as he could.

Mark stuffed as much of Quinton's enormous, dark penis as he could and held it deep in his mouth which got even wetter with it stuffed full of black cock. When he pulled back and took it out of his mouth, he looked it over glistening with his spit over what he could fit in his mouth. The dark skin made even murkier and slick with Mark's spit gleaming all over it. He then slicked it up even more with his tongue spreading the saliva all up and down over the portion of Quinton's cock he couldn't fit in his mouth. 

As he did this, he took a handful of one of Quinton's balls to get a feel of them. Just one of his nuts had such heft, he was truly impressed with Quinton's total package. Quinton hadn't said a word since they went into Mark's hotel room until he said, "You love that big black cock, don't you?"

"Yes, yesssss. I love your beautiful black cock." Mark moaned as he took Quinton's black snake back in his mouth. Saying that out loud seemed to electrify Mark and he started to suck Quinton's cock with zeal instead of the apprehensive approach he had been doing. Although, Mark was still in his suit he unzipped his pants to give his cock some breathing room which was straining to be released as well. As Mark sucked, he began to stoke his own cock which was rock hard with excitement. 

As Mark's head bobbed up and down, his saliva began to droll out of his mouth and ran down Quinton's long black shaft. He pulled on Quinton's ball sack with one hand and stroked his own cock with the other. Sucking a big black cock was everything Mark had hoped it would be; exciting & fulfilling. He alternated between the sucking and licking lasting well over 20 minutes, he didn't want it to end.

Quinton's cock started to twitch violently as Mark had it buried deep in his mouth and without warning he erupted in Mark's mouth. Thick, heavy sperm filled Mark's mouth and he swallowed as much as he could but much of it spilled out of his mouth and all over his suit. The realization of Quinton's orgasm opened Mark's own orgasm as he came on the floor while he was still on his knees cleaning up Quinton's gooey mess off of his cock and balls. 

When it was over, Mark fell back on his butt in the hallway as Quinton collected himself and pulled his pants back up. Very quickly, Quinton thanked Mark and left the room, leaving Mark dazed, confused but very satisfied. Mark didn't sleep very well that night as he was still on cloud nine from the events that transpired earlier. 

The next day, Mark walked back to the events center where the seminar was being held and looked for Quinton. It wasn't until later that afternoon that he saw Quinton in the front reception area. It seemed that Quinton saw Mark but didn't approach him, making Mark feel jilted and confused. He wasn't expecting a huge greeting but a hello would have been nice. Still keeping an eye on Quinton, he noticed something peculiar during the third seminar. Quinton was approached by Jim Tavers during the speaker's presentation and the two left together through a side exit. Mark was curious as to what this was all about; ten minutes after their exit, Mark left the seminar going through the door Jim and Quinton left through. 

Behind the door was a hall way that had three doors at the end. One was locked, the other was a simple closet but when Mark opened the third door, he heard an unmistakable sound he had heard before. The moans of Quinton. The door opened into another convention room that was barely lit and unused but Mark entered it following what he swore was Quinton's moans of delight. He stepped slowly and carefully through the room of chairs and tables until he saw an image in the corner of the room that shocked him. 

There in the conference room corner was Quinton standing in front of a kneeling Jim Tavers who was sucking Quinton's big black cock. As Mark approached, Quinton noticed him and greeted him with a wink. Jim was too busy swallowing Quinton's tool to notice Mark's intrusion. Instead of surprising Jim with words Mark simply kneeled down next to Jim and started to help his boss suck Quinton's magnificent cock. Jim welcomed Mark to the fun. 

"I understand you got a taste this wonderful black cock last night?" Jim asked Mark.

"Mmmhmmm" Mark answered with a full mouth. 

"I was hoping to get some of this last night but I guess you just had to have Quinton to yourself," Jim said to Mark.

As the two men shared Quinton's cock, Jim explained to Mark. "I got my first taste of Quinton during his interview and been looking forward to a second helping all this time, but I guess you got to him first." Quinton also explained that it was the first time a man sucked his cock and he really enjoyed it but hadn't tried a man again until last night. 

As the night before, Quinton's pants and shorts were down to his ankles with now both men sucking and licking all over his cock, worshiping his superior ebony tool. Mark could tell Jim was just as excited and enthralled with Quinton's cock as he was. They worked as a team licking both sides of his shaft, sucking a ball each and working his head while the other licked up and down the long shaft. 

The two worked his cock over with their eager mouths well over 30 minutes when Mark felt the familiar twitch of Quinton's cock ready to explode. "He's about to cum" Mark warned Jim and the two stroked the big black cock with their hands until it started to shoot cum all over their faces. The three men agreed to get together that night in Jim's room for even more fun, but that's another story to be told soon.