 I woke to the touch of a hand stroking up my thigh. It rested briefly on my hipbone, but I was suddenly more concerned by what I felt at my wrists. I was tied there with something soft, but firmly tied, unable to pull my arms down from where they were above my head, and I panicked for a moment. My eyes were covered, I was blindfolded. My heart took a jump and skipped in rapid beats as the hand at my hipbone moved upwards. Another hand touched on my shoulder and began to slip across my collarbone. I gasped and twisted at the feel of them.

"Who's there?" I whispered fearfully, "Whose hands are they?" I got no answer and heard only the sound of soft music in the background. "Who are you?" I cried out quietly.

Then another hand, larger, wider, landed gently on my belly and began to move in circles on it. I was suddenly aroused by the feel of it, and of another at my chest, cupping my rounded pec, another slipping to my other side and fastening itself to my nipple. Another hand suddenly there on my calf as I lifted my leg at the shock of the touch. The hand on my belly had moved down now. It pulled at my cock, moved to cup my balls and squeezed them gently. Firmly. I gasped and rolled my hips.

The hand on my calf was now working its way to my inner thigh and I widened my legs for it. My nipple burnt from the twisting it had received and I opened my mouth wide to gulp air in as I arched my back, sending my chest out to meet the cupping, twisting hands. I widened my thighs and bent my legs as another hand slid under my thigh and ran up to my cheek. I lifted my cheek for it and it ran under me. 

Large strong fingers slid into my crease and I landed on them as the hand that had cupped my pec began to pinch that nipple, making me lift myself to that side now. My other nipple was freed, burning and throbbing in sharp little tingles. That hand ran down my body circling and stroking till it reached my cock and wrapped itself about my hard throbbing shaft. A finger teased my pisshole and I moaned. My body was on fire but I had a touch of fear still. 

"Who's there?" I gasped. "Who are you? Stephen? Ohhh," I moaned, as the hand began to stroke my cock and my hips moved. The hand under my cheek kneaded the solid muscle there. I moaned again, hearing myself above the music and the soft rapid breathing of my unknown invisible ravishers. The hand left my cock while another left my balls.

"No," I moaned, "No, don't stop."

Then a hand was sliding under my arse again and pushing me gently up, and rolling me over. I ended on my stomach and was attacked again by hands at my shoulders, fingers tracing the line of my spine. Hands cupping my butt, kneading my cheeks, before firm fingers separated them exposing my arsehole to a soft breath of air. I gasped as a wet tongue touched me in there, circling my rim. 

"Yes," I gasped. "Yes," burying my face in the sheet, rubbing my trapped cock and balls against the sheet.

A hand was at my right thigh, it stroked up my leg to my arse, stroked the line of my butt, the crease between my butt and my thigh. I arched back as the tongue tasted me and another hand ran down my back

"Oh yes," I sighed, "Oh yes."

The tongue left my arse and I felt a hand, large and strong, there between my cheeks. I pushed back slowly as a thick finger entered me, wanting it now. It sunk in and I felt myself let go. Then the finger left briefly and I gasped and moaned as more filled me, two fingers I knew, two thick fingers. 

"Oh yes, fuck me," I moaned. "Fuck me." 

Hands caressed and tortured my body for a few more moments, and then my arse was empty.

"No. No," I cried quietly. "Don't stop." I heard a faint rumble as if someone had wanted to laugh at my begging. "Who's there?" I asked again, demandingly.

I breathed deeply as my body was momentarily untouched, then the hands were at my hips lifting me. I rested my head on my arms and lifted my arse. I was spread wide and slick lube was stroked over and fingered inside me. Then the head of a thick cock was there and I wanted it inside me. I pushed my arse back to it, but it had to be forced into me.

I hadn't expected a monster and cried out as the thick head worked through my entrance and made its way up into me. A hand was in my hair, stroking it as I cried out again, turning my head. I felt the heel of a thumb press into my mouth. The huge cock moved in the last inches fast and I gasped and cried out again in pain, my cry cut off by the flesh pressed into my open mouth and I bit down hard on the pad at the base of the thumb. Taking out the pain of being split apart on my hidden unknown fondler.

I released the flesh from my mouth and moaned and tossed my head as the huge cock began to fuck me. It pulled out in short strokes and I spread myself wider. The strokes lengthened and I cried out raggedly, then whimpered and moaned as the fucking became deep and thrusting. A hand was on my cock, stroking it; another was on my balls squeezing them lightly. I cried out and arched back, falling forward as my arms reached the limit of their movement. I shot off into the hand enclosing me, then again, and shook from the final deep driving thrusts of the huge cock that was reaming my gut. I felt my ravisher come deep inside me. Felt him empty me slowly as his long thick weapon slid out. 

I slumped forward as I was emptied. Nothing touched me now. I felt the soft material binding my wrists being removed. I lay there on my side and curled my legs to me. A hand came and pushed my bent leg up and I rolled on to my back, my legs wide apart as I brought my hands to my face and removed the blindfold. I blinked at the bright light as I looked down between my bent spread legs, to see my lover smiling down at me. I wrapped my thighs about his hips and pulled him into me. 

He leant over me and I wrapped my arms about him, "Happy Birthday," he said, before his lips took mine and drew me into a bottomless kiss.