 Avery and Kelsey

"Oh, god, you're killing me! Yes, yes, yesss!" As Kelsey ejaculated up Avery's tight belly, Avery let the smaller man's shoulders fall back on the double bed next to the balcony overlooking the Atlantic off Virginia Beach. He continued to hold Kelsey's pelvis close into his with hands gripping the smaller man's hips, and he stabbed Kelsey's channel with long, cruel jabs of his big cock once, twice, three times, with Kelsey jerking and letting out little yelps each time Avery thrust deep. With a cry of his own, Avery let Kelsey's buttocks fall onto the bed as Avery pulled out of his channel, jerked the condom off, and spouted up the younger man's torso.

With a sigh, Avery came down on top of Kelsey, embracing him close, and with their spent cocks plastered against each other between the two men's bellies they kissed deeply.

"It never gets old," Kelsey murmured.

"No, it doesn't," Avery answered, thrilled to hear the words come out of Kelsey's mouth. Avery said it with so much more thought behind it, though. He was fifty-five. He'd already gotten a scare that life was passing him by before Kelsey had come into his bed six months earlier in Richmond. Each day he could take Kelsey, fully and strongly like this, seemed to Avery to be one day closer to not being able to do it again. Kelsey, at twenty-four, of course was too young to appreciate this—or to feel the urgent need of it like Avery did each time.

But was Avery being unfair to Kelsey not to discuss it more seriously with the young man, he wondered. Kelsey showed every indication of putting his life and future into Avery's hands—willingly, wholeheartedly. Where would they be in ten years, though? And twenty?

And why was Avery letting these concerns and doubts haunt him?

"You're suddenly looking quite serious," Kelsey said, cupping Avery's head in one hand and running a finger down his handsome cheek with the other. "What . . .?"

"It's nothing. I was trying to decide whether we should go down to the beach this afternoon or out to Big Tim's for some inspiration." Big Tim's would feature a floor show later in the evening, and they were using the Virginia Beach condo and partying at Big Tim's more than Avery and Dominick ever had. When Kelsey had come into his life in Richmond at Valentine's Day six months earlier, Avery had taken on a second youth as far as interest in getting out into the gay cruising scene. Not that they went cruising—Kelsey was everything in a sex partner that Avery could want—but going to gay bars together aroused them both in ways that made coupling later, at home, more pleasurable for both of them. Avery was dipping back into his earlier, wild party days, grabbing for his memories of cruising in his twenties and thirties with the concern in the back of his mind of how long he could hold onto his sexual prowess at all. Kelsey had, at least, given him a jolt into the mind-set of his past.

Avery still had a professional reputation to protect, though, and they didn't cruise in Richmond. They usually went up to D.C., to the area of Logan Circle that had replaced the O Street, Southeast, area that had been leveled to build the new Redskin's football stadium, and sometimes west to Charlottesville or south to Petersburg. Feeling randy in the August heat was what had brought them here to the Virginia Beach condo.

Kelsey inserted a hand between their bellies and grasped Avery's dick, oversized in both length and girth even when flaccid. Avery took in his breath as Kelsey coaxed the cock back to life by holding the two cocks and stroking them together.

"I vote for the beach this afternoon," he whispered in a husky voice revealing that he was as aroused again as Avery was becoming, "and Big Tim's later in the evening. We can stop at the steakhouse you like out at the edge of town. My treat. But first, I'd—"

"You know I always want seconds," Avery muttered through clinched teeth, feverish from what Kelsey was doing with the hand gripping their cocks. He rolled over on his back, reaching for the nightstand drawer, where he kept condoms, and moaning as Kelsey changed position on top of him, his lips moved down Avery's torso to slide down Avery's cock and to meet the fingers of his rod-encircling bunched fist.

* * * *

Laying out on lounge beds, under umbrellas, on the beach, Avery and Kelsey watched other bathers stroll along the Virginia Beach sand. There were more people strolling the beach than in the water. And many walking up and down the beach were doing so to be seen. Both men and women. The more eye candy they knew themselves to be, the more blatantly they strutted, and this being a gay-friendly section of the beach, there was plenty for Avery and Kelsey to see, appreciate, and help them create the mood of sensuality that they had floated in since they'd arrived at the beach.

Avery was a bit amused. He'd point out one young man who particularly caught his attention—often an olive-skin, lithe twink, and Kelsey would point out an older, muscle-bound bruiser, in turn. Avery guessed it was natural that they had different tastes; it's what brought them together.

But then his smile froze on his face when he turned his eyes down the beach in response to Kelsey's, "Wowser! Look at the muscles on that one. What a gorgeous man. I love a muscular black man who fills out a Speedo that nicely."

The man he was referring to was Lawrence, the black stud Dominick had last been with back in February, the lawyer who now was all that Avery had been at the height of his physical power and beauty and of his legal career—other than black, with this not being the first time Kelsey had revealed that he liked black men. Much as Avery didn't want to admit it, Lawrence did look in top shape.

"That's what you'd like, is it?" he asked Kelsey.

Sensing the change in Avery's voice, the not-so-playful tone, Kelsey turned his eyes from that direction of the beach and trained it on a young family, where two toddlers were trying to bury their overweight dad in the sand. Kelsey was hard—the voyeur game, and particularly the appearance of Lawrence, now jogging past them, not turning his eyes to the left or the right, had made Kelsey go hard. He hoped that Avery hadn't noticed, even though the skimpy Speedo he was wearing didn't hide much.

He reached over and laid a hand on Avery's forearm. "He's a hunk. But he's younger than I like. And he's not my hunk. I've got my hunk."

"I notice that he turns you on," Avery answered.

Damn, Kelsey thought. He did notice the bulge in the Speedo. "The game we were playing turned me on," he said, trying to mollify a suddenly on-edge Avery. "But I knew it was a game. And what turned me on, really, was knowing that when we were both aroused enough by it, you'd take me back upstairs and fuck the stuffing out of me. Everything walking down this beach is no more than eye candy to appreciate and to help arouse us for each other. You're the real deal—to feel. To feel you inside me."

"Then maybe it's time to go upstairs?" Avery asked, taking Kelsey's hand off his forearm and moving it to his basket, showing Kelsey that he was ready for more serious games—upstairs—as well.

"More than ready," Kelsey said. A glance at Avery, though, told him that Avery hadn't completely lost the funk he'd suddenly slipped into. Kelsey had noticed Avery being like that occasionally in the last two months. He hoped Avery wasn't worrying about the age thing, but he couldn't help thinking that that was exactly what Avery was worrying about.

Temptation

The night was lively at Big Tim's. They were having a wet shorts contest up on stage and the jabber and laughter were raucous all across the main club room. Liquor was flowing freely, and if the place had a "No Smoking" sign posted somewhere, someone had taken it down. There was a cloud of smoke floating overhead that almost—almost but not quite—was hiding some of the hanky-panky going on at the crowded tables and on the dance floor below the raised stage where the contestants were posing in their soaking wet and clinging briefs and boxers.

Avery and Kelsey had one of the few tables with two chairs unoccupied, and an almost constant stream of men were bidding to occupy the one next to Kelsey and hit on him. A few were making eyes at Avery too, but it was mainly Kelsey who was getting the attention. Kelsey was embarrassed by it and he was sensitive to Avery's mood, knowing that, although Avery was being jovial and all smiles on the outside, inside he was suffering from the insecurity that Kelsey had seen in him back in February, had thought he'd helped to dispel, but that had popped back up this afternoon when Kelsey had given appreciative attention to the black stud jogging on the beach.

For his part, Avery couldn't help but think back on all those years when it was him that the sailors were hitting on when he came into Big Tim's.

"You know we could leave. The noise—" Kelsey started say, laying his hand on Avery's arm to command his attention. But Avery was looking above and beyond him, across the room, and by the tightness in Avery's jaw, Kelsey could tell Avery wasn't pleased about something.

"Hello there, Avery. Quite a surprise to see you here. I thought Big Tim's no longer was your scene. Or so I was told."

I wonder who by? Avery thought, knowing full well that it would have been Dominick talking about him, probably making fun of him growing too old for the gay club scene.

The voice was deep and smooth, and Kelsey turned to see that it was the black hunk who had been jogging on the beach this after.

"Hello, Lawrence," Avery said in a voice that sounded noncommittal, but Kelsey had known Avery long enough to catch the frosty edge of it. He'd called the man by name. Avery knew this guy. He hadn't mentioned it this afternoon. Maybe that had something to do with Avery's negative response to Kelsey saying the man was arousing. Kelsey had, months, earlier regretted that he'd ever mentioned to Avery that black men turned him on.

"Mind if we sit at your table? The place is a bit crowded tonight."

We? The word hit Avery and Kelsey at the same time—Avery with apprehension and Kelsey with curiosity.

And before Avery could respond, there was Dominick, at Lawrence's side, and both were sitting, Lawrence next to Kelsey and Dominick next to Avery.

There wasn't any conversation for a while, as the wet shorts contest was wrapping up on the stage to cheers and boisterous laughter, and the four just sat around and smiled and nodded to each other. Kelsey could feel the tension in the air, and he could figure out what the issue was too. Dominick he knew well. But he didn't have any idea who Lawrence was. But since Avery knew Lawrence and certainly knew Dominick, Kelsey sensed that there had been some sort of competition going on between Avery and the black guy—over Dominick.

Kelsey took a hard look at the black guy. He was about as perfect in body as any man could get, and his face was real easy to look at too. And he obviously was a good bit younger than Avery was. It didn't take a genius to know what the tension he brought out in Avery was all about.

And what was it everyone said about black men? Avery's striking feature was how hung he was. And Kelsey had made no attempt to hide that he wanted a big-dicked man fucking him. Age wasn't taking any of that away from Avery—yet. He could still get it hard and keep it that way long enough to fully satisfy Kelsey. But what if Lawrence was hung lower than Avery and Avery knew it?—if maybe Dominick had thrown that in Avery's face when they split. What if it was Lawrence, not Logan who had caused the split between Avery and Dominick?

Kelsey certainly could see why Dominick would fall for Lawrence. Dominick was all surface and "in the moment," and Lawrence was a god. And he had a great smile, and he knew how to draw another guy into him.

That was happening now with Kelsey. Lawrence was sitting close to Kelsey, their thighs touching, and had captured Kelsey's eyes with his. He was conveying his interest without words over the din of the crowd swirling about them. Kelsey had this strange sensation of there being only the two of them in the room, with everything going on around them being only a slow-motion blur, like one would see under water.

Avery may not even have noticed the connection being established between Lawrence and Kelsey as Dominick was playing him hard, not only their thighs touching, but Dominick's fingers playing on Avery's thigh and knee and Dominick laughing his tinkling laugh and looking so much like the wood sprite that had caught Avery's attention to begin with. Everything that Avery had much loved about Dominick was coming out in the smaller, younger man's obvious exuberance and playfulness. Avery felt years rolling off his body as Dominick played him. And having years roll off his body was a major attention getter for him in his present state of mind.

When the contest was over and the decibel level dropped considerably in the room, the realigning of the two sets of chums only strengthened as they were able to converse. There was some cross-table talk, but mostly it was Lawrence and Kelsey becoming acquainted, comparing likes and dislikes and mutually familiar aspects of Richmond, where they both lived but hadn't crossed tracks. With Avery and Dominic, it was about the good times they had experienced together—none of the bad times. As they warmed to each other, each appeared willing and anxious not to bring up any of the bad times that had slowly eroded their relationship.

Later, Avery couldn't have identified who it was who had come up with the idea of a trading swap right now—trading partners for a fuck—as close to here as possible. All four of them had known they had come here to build up to a fuck. Avery and Kelsey had certainly thought it was to fuck each other. Who knew what Lawrence and Dominick were looking for when they came to Big Tim's tonight?

Avery knew he wasn't the one who came up with the idea. It likely was Dominick, with his reminiscing of the good times and with his ever-roving eye. Or it could have been Lawrence, who obviously was quite smitten with Kelsey. It was Lawrence who noted that Big Tim's had rooms upstairs for just this sort of impromptu assignations.

Despite his reservations to even having Lawrence and Dominick sitting here, Avery had found Dominick so much the sweet, sexual young free spirit who had first attracted him that Avery was very much in heat—and in heat for Dominick. Their split had never been about Avery growing tired of fucking Dominick. Dominick's hand had moved to Avery's basket and, and he had stroked Avery hard. Dominick wasn't doing anything to discourage Avery's arousal for him.

Dominick leaned his face in to whisper in Avery's ear, "I want you to fuck me again. I've missed having your dick inside me—your power fucking. Lawrence told me he'd seen you on the beach today. I wanted to come here tonight on the chance you'd be here. I want you to fuck me tonight."

Looking across the table, Avery could see Kelsey was enraptured with Lawrence. He had that dreamy look in his eyes. Lawrence was wrapped around him and leaning into him. One of Kelsey's hands was beneath the surface of the table. Was he doing the same thing to Lawrence that Dominick was doing to Avery? Avery had a short jolt of satisfaction to know that, if that was the case, Kelsey would be finding out that Lawrence didn't quite measure up to Avery. A big dick was important to Kelsey. He was always telling Avery that when Avery had his dick inside him. Not that Lawrence didn't have a big dick.

The brief flash of satisfaction drained away, and concern and insecurity flowed back in. Kelsey obviously responded to Lawrence. And somehow Lawrence had gotten his shirt unbuttoned and was showing a massive, heavily muscled ebony chest. Avery no longer had definition that could compete with that. Lawrence was twenty years younger than him. Avery's world caved in as he watched Lawrence take the hand Kelsey didn't have below the surface of the table and move it inside his shirt.

There was a flash of anger and jealously, with Avery only then realizing that Dominick had unzipped him and was still stroking his cock, but no longer through the material of his trousers. Dominick was flicking his tongue in and out of Avery's ear and murmuring, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me."

When he saw Lawrence moving his mouth to Kelsey's for a kiss, Avery turned his face to Dominick and they were kissing too.

Avery had no idea when and how he had acceded to a swap—only that he'd seen Kelsey do so. Lawrence was gone from the table to obtain room keys and Kelsey went with him. And, impulsively, Dominick suddenly wanted to dance. And it didn't matter to him that Avery didn't want to dance.

Avery watched Dominick on the dance floor, able, almost instantaneously, to latch onto two hulky guys who were happy to dance with him and to fondle him as they did so. Avery felt old and tired. Dominick had heated him up and, now, was Dominick moving on because Avery wasn't responding quickly enough?

He wasn't angry with Kelsey for going with Lawrence. He and Kelsey had had a good run. And Kelsey deserved a younger man. Maybe that's what had had Avery really depressed recently—not that he was getting too old for this but that he was sentencing Kelsey to life with a man who was losing it, who shouldn't be sucking all of the youth out of someone else. There was no doubt about it that Lawrence was the sexier man of the two of them. Dominick was a little shit. Avery remembered that now, watching him do everything but let those two guys on the dance floor fuck him right there. Lawrence was an all-right guy. If Kelsey took him from Dominick, that should be enough satisfaction for Avery, couldn't it?

And little shit or not, Avery had always enjoyed fucking Dominick. He could take at least that from tonight's debacle. He could fuck the stuffing out of the little shit—and he could try not to think about what Lawrence and Kelsey were doing in the other room.

Lawrence was out on the dance floor, prying Dominick away from the two guys putting the make on him. They were big, no doubt both sailors from the Norfolk naval docks, but Lawrence was bigger, and they backed right off. Avery saw Lawrence give Dominick a room key, slap him on the butt, and send him off. Then he came to the table and dropped a key on the tabletop.

"You've got Room 3. The stairs are back there, through that beaded curtain." He was gesturing toward the far end of the bar.

"Where's Kelsey?" Avery asked. There was one last hope to grasp at that he was outside in the car, waiting for Avery.

"He's already gone up. I let him in the room when I checked them out. They aren't much, but they'll do."

Avery sat there for several minutes after Lawrence had gone, struggling on whether he'd go up or leave the bar. This was becoming more and more a bad idea to him, something he didn't want to do. He didn't want to lose Kelsey. He'd been taking the young man for granted, showing appreciation for what he had, yes, but not enough. Not nearly enough. Kelsey was his lifeline. Could Kelsey have understood that at all to have agreed to this—to have warmed up to this?

Avery tortured himself with the image of what Lawrence and Kelsey were doing now. Kelsey kneeling between Lawrence's beefy thighs, giving him head. "God, you are big," Kelsey murmuring. "I like them big." "Big enough for you?" Lawrence asking. "God, yes, plenty big enough," Kelsey answering as his lips opened over the enormous bulb Avery knew Lawrence had. And his hands glided up to the ebony pecs, saying, "I love a black man inside me"—something Avery could never be—and appreciating the hardness and bulk and curve of the chest and bicep muscles that Avery knew Kelsey liked but that Avery was slowly losing with age. Hands gliding over hard, black muscles everywhere. The muscles of a far younger man than Avery was. Kelsey sighing at the feel of the taut, quarter-sized nipples, showing how ready Lawrence was to stuff that huge cock inside Kelsey—the cock much larger in Avery's imagination than he remember in real life. And then Kelsey panting and whimpering and crying out, "God, go slow. You are enormous. You're splitting me. Shit, you are a big, black, hard, beautiful, young black stud! I have never been fucked like this!"
