 Avery indeed was bushed when he dragged home after work on Friday, February 14th. He'd been right that he'd have been in no mood to drive to Virginia Beach and then back to south of Norfolk to party all night. Would he have been as reluctant to do that twenty years ago? He didn't want to think about that.

He almost tripped over the package leaning against his front door. It was wrapped in brown paper, but he could tell that it was a canvas. Dominick having remorse about taking his painting and returning it, remembering that Avery had actually paid for it? It was the right size. But when he got into the house and, after two scotches, pulled the wrapping paper off of it, he saw that it was an entirely different painting. It looked vaguely familiar, but only vaguely. He couldn't place it as anything he'd seen before, but it was familiar, so he must have. Maybe a photo of it in Dominick's portfolio?

A peace offering from Dominick? It certainly was a better painting than the one Dominick had taken away. And it suited Avery's house décor a lot better. It was an abstract, all cheerful swirls. The colors were vibrant, red dominating. It would go great in Avery's library, right where the hook had been nailed in the wall to hang the other painting. Dominick was being thoughtful.

Suspiciously thoughtful.

Avery looked closer into the painting, and as he scrutinized it, patterns started filtering out of the swirling background. When his eyes picked out the shapes outlined in red, he saw that they were hearts. Not perfectly formed hearts, which is why they didn't pop out immediately, but hearts nonetheless. And, to his amusement, he saw that they had tails on them—male sex symbol tails—and that these tails were entwining with each other in a most provocative and sensual manner. The painting was clever and sexual—male sexual. Gay male sexual. But you had to examine it closely to see that. Once you had seen it, it's what popped out at you every time you looked at it. Avery laughed out loud. He loved the painting. It was, by far, the most clever piece of art he'd ever seen from Dominick. Avery was practically the only one who ever went into his library. He would be the only one who knew of its message.

And Dominick had arranged for him to receive it on Valentine's Day. That was both thoughtful and clever. And it made Avery feel randy. He almost regretted that Dominick wasn't here. Almost. Thinking of that made him think of Dominick's ways. Maybe this painting gift—although, if it could be seen as a replacement for the one Dominick took, it wasn't really a gift—could just be a ploy by Dominick to keep his options open.

Avery wasn't tired any more. He needed to be on the move, to get out into the world. Maybe find some guy to lay, even though he'd never chanced doing that on a one-night-stand basis in Richmond. He put his coat back on and left the house, walking at random, he thought. But not at random, really. His feet were leading him back to Carytown.

This time when he looked in the window of the art gallery, he knew why he was doing so. And when Kelsey turned and looked back at him, he held there for a pregnant moment before turning and walking up the block. And this time when he reached the corner, he entered the café rather than keeping on walking.

"You knew I'd come?"

Avery looked up at Kelsey as the younger man approached the table next to the fireplace. He gestured at the two cups of coffee Avery had ordered and that had been delivered as Kelsey entered the café.

"I had hopes you'd come," Avery answered.

"I came here, expecting to find you here, earlier in the week when I saw you outside the gallery window."

"Sorry, I wasn't ready then. Sorry, again, I didn't mean that to sound like—"

"Did you like the Valentine? Was that what brought you here today?"

"The Valentine?" Avery asked, confused, but only momentarily. Of course, the painting was too good and too clever for Dominick to have painted. He should have known that from the beginning. And now he remembered where he'd seen it before. Kelsey had been taking it down from the wall of the gallery the last time Avery had walked by there. "Oh, that was you . . ."

And then when Kelsey just smiled—that shy, yet radiant smile that took Avery's breath away—Avery said, "Yes, I received it. I love it."

"And that's why you came here today?"

"Yes, that's why I came here today." Avery hadn't known that was why he had come, but, of course, it was exactly why he was here. "I want to fuck you," he blurted out.

"I thought you'd never say that," Kelsey answered.

"But what do you want? I'll buy the painting. I'll buy you whatever you want."

"That's exactly what I want—just the fuck. Shall we go somewhere?"

"Somewhere close. I can't wait. I've walked over from the Fan. Too far to walk back for it. The gallery? The bathroom?"

Kelsey laughed. "The gallery's really busy today. I think it would be disconcerting."

"I wouldn't care about being disconcerted."

"Neither would I. But the gallery patrons. I couldn't help it. I'd be making too much noise. I'd want to make noise."

"Make too much noise?"

"Dominick told me about you. How big you are. How hard you take a man. I'm a screamer. I wouldn't want to hold back."

"And still you are interested?"

"Oh, yes. I'm very interested. I want you to pound me into next week. I've wanted that since the idea of a swap was brought up."

They rose together. "The bathroom here?"

"No, silly. I have a car. And, no, not in the car," he said with an easy laugh. "We can be at your place in a couple of minutes. It's just out on the street."

It was, in fact, just out on the street, parallel parked in front of the gallery. An ultrasleek Mercedes two-seater sports car. Avery did a double take when he saw it. Kelsey was just a graduate art student. Then it hit him.

"Kelsey? It's a—"

"Yes, it's a family name. My mother's maiden name."

Kelsey Plastics, a billion-dollar company. Kelsey wasn't into this for a sugar daddy—not like Dominick had been. Somehow that made Avery's heart leap and his blood boil. And because of this, they, in fact, did have sex in the car. He had his face in Kelsey's lap on the drive back to his house, and Kelsey, trembling and moaning, somehow was able to maneuver his car into the alleyway and behind Avery's house, before switching the ignition off and leaning back in the driver's seat while Avery finished sucking him to an ejaculation.

Avery rarely did this for another guy without a lot of prior arousal. He felt young again to not being able to wait before he could do it to Kelsey.

They only made it inside the front door the first time, with each helping to strip off the trousers of the other and Avery fucking Kelsey against the wall in the foyer next to double doors with triple-pane windows at either side.

"Oh shit, oh god yes," Kelsey cried out when Avery forced his cock up into the younger man's channel. "Oh, fuck you're big. You're splitting me. Shiiit!" The exclamation came out in a plaintive howl as Avery forced his cock up, up inside the channel, and then, hands encasing Kelsey's hips, raised the smaller man's body and slammed it down on the cock again, sliding his back down the rough wallpaper of the foyer wall. Raised and slammed down again. Kelsey howled.

"Oh fuck!" Kelsey cried out, as Avery lifted his body yet again, and then slammed it down on the cock.

"Too much? Does it hurt too much?" Avery asked in concern. "I'm sorry. I can't hold back."

"Don't hold back. Pound me. Getitgetitget it. Fuck me hard. This is what Dominick told me I could expect. This is what I want. Fuck me hard. Punish me."

The next few moments were ones of deep moans and heavy breathing and sharp little cries, in two voice registers, as Avery took Kelsey hard, and when he was ready to shoot, pushed Kelsey down on his knees and gave him a facial.

Kelsey was whimpering. "God, I've never had it so good. You're a fuckin' animal. I don't want it to stop."

"Nor will it," Avery growled, feeling the power in him, his ageless ability to reduce another man to a blob of Jell-O. Who fuckin' said he was getting too old for this? "You want more of this?"

"Oh shit, yes,"

He pulled Kelsey up from the floor, threw the young, trembling man over his shoulder, and started toward the back of the house, to his own bedroom.

Hours later they were lying on the bed, side by side, spent. Avery had been amazed at how much Kelsey really did want. How much passion he could put into it. And at how little of an edge he himself had lost. Perhaps he wasn't past it—at least not yet.

"It's a great house you have here," Kelsey whispered. "Everything seems to go together just right. I could see myself living in a place like this."

Avery could see that too. But he didn't want to make the same mistakes he evidently had made with Dominick.

"About other men . . ."

"What other men? I don't want any other man," Kelsey answered, as he brought Avery's lips to his.

Kelsey wondered when he should tell Avery—if he should tell him—that the whole swap idea was Kelsey's. That Kelsey wanted to be here, like this, with this gorgeous man. He'd been aching for this man ever since Dominick had talked about what he could do.