 I've always been a pretty big horn dog when it comes to women. Since high school, I've tried every trick in the book to meet, bed, and enjoy the ladies. I got married in my mid twenties, screwed around mercilessly on my wife, and divorced in my early thirties, after my wife caught me fucking my secretary, bent over my desk at work. Problem was it was the third time my wife caught me cheating, and strike three was the last straw.

I spend a lot of time in the gym, keeping my body in good shape. I always knew the ladies liked my six pack abs and cardio-induced stamina. However, it was the gym that began my downward spiral into a submissive little cock-craving slut.

I work in a large complex of office buildings. There is a gym for employees to use and it stays open till midnight during the week. I often work late then head over to workout before going home. Most nights I'm the only guy there. After a recent workout, I headed to the locker room for a quick shower as I was planning on hitting the bars on the way home to look for some pussy.

I still had my ipod on and was listening to some loud music as I undressed. I was trying to decide which bar to hit, and thoughts of the hot little number I'd picked up last week were playing through my mind. My cock was growing hard as I remembered her throating my tool and begging me to fuck her doggy style. I reached down and gave my semi a couple of quick tugs, hoping I'd have a hot little bitch working my boner in a couple of hours. As I grabbed a towel and took off my headphones, I realized another guy was standing just a couple of lockers down, stripped down to his briefs, staring at me with an amused look on his face.

He looked vaguely familiar, dark skinned, probably East Indian, with a hard, lean body. He was several inches taller than me, probably 6'4", and probably outweighed me by forty pounds. He looked like he could play middle linebacker for the Chicago Bears. Smiling at me, he reached down and gave the bulge in his briefs a squeeze. And an impressive looking bulge it was.

"You look stressed," he laughed, as I quickly wrapped my towel around me, trying to hide my half boner. 

"I had a great workout," I commented nonchalantly, "Just headed to the showers."

"Does working out always give you a hard-on?" he chuckled. "Or is it being naked in a locker room around other naked men that gets a rise out of you?"

"Neither," I replied, eager to hit the showers but unable to shuffle past this guy as he blocked my path. "Look I just need to grab a quick shower, so if you don't mind."

As I started to slide by the stranger, he whipped off his white briefs and his semi hard cock thwacked against my ass, covered only in a thin towel.

"What the fuck?" I exclaimed. 

"Don't pretend you didn't like that," he said. "I know your type. You're a big ladies man, right? Like to fuck any little thing with a pussy. But I saw the way you were staring at my crotch. You're a classic closet queer. You can't admit it to yourself, but once you get bent over and have your cherry popped, you'll be begging for more cock."

"Fuck you," I shouted as I literally ran to the shower. As the warm water washed over my body, I was shocked to find that my cock was now rock hard. The guy was a cocky bastard but I had to admit, he did have an incredible cock. I'm no slouch in the package department and I get a huge kick out of making chicks gag on my solid 8" rod. But this guy's dick was at least 8" semi-hard. It was dark and thickly veined, with a huge bulbous head. I'd only caught a quick glimpse, but I could have picked it out of a dick line-up without any problem. Why was I so mesmerized by his tool?

I soaped up and couldn't resist soaping my boner too, sliding my hand back and forth, enjoying the sudsy feel of my raging erection. I needed to find some pussy in the worst way and take my building aggressions out on some lonely MILF tonight. But I couldn't get the picture of that asshole's cock out of my mind. And the more I thought about it, the harder my dick got.

I gotta get the hell out of here, I thought to myself as I turned off the water and hurried back to the lockers to get dressed. As I rounded the corner to the lockers, I came face to face with the dude again. Only this time, he was standing on a bench, fully naked, stroking himself. His cock was now at full attention and it was huge.

"Knew you'd be back," he growled as he pointed his wicked member straight at me. "Why don't you quit kidding yourself and get the fuck over here? My cock isn't going to suck itself."

I wanted to punch this bastard in the gut and be done with it. But something in me also wanted to touch his big dick. I'd never been attracted to guys before and generally I liked being the aggressor in a sexual setting, but his cocksure attitude had me questioning my own sexual orientation. Shit, I really did want to touch his dick. Even worse, I actually wanted to suck his dick. What the hell was happening to me?

"Don't just look at it you faggot, get your mouth wrapped around my fucking cock. I'm gonna teach you how to deepthroat like a pro. And before I'm done with you, you'll be begging me to bend you over this bench and plow your tight cherry ass."

Standing on the wooden bench, his cock was staring me straight in the face. He flicked his dick down and it rebounded hard against his tight abs, the big mushroom head on the dark stalk reaching above his belly button, leaving a wet spot where his precum landed. The guy was hung like a fucking horse and I wanted to taste that hot jizz in the worst way.

I looked back toward the door, and he read my mind.

"Don't worry slut," he said. "I locked the door into the gym, and we are the only two here. Nobody else is gonna find out what a cock-loving little whore you really are."

Now it hit me where I'd seen this guy before. He was one of the security guards in the complex. He worked the late shift and I often saw him patrolling as I left the gym.

"I, I, I, I don't usually do stuff like this," I stuttered as I reached out, wrapping my hand around his burning hot poker, slowly stroking the foreskin back and forth over the plum-sized head of his enormous pole.

"Sure you don't," he cackled. "But we'll make an exception this one time, huh bitch?"

His abusive language only made me hotter. He was treating me exactly like I enjoyed treating my one night stands. I love taking charge and treating my little conquests like cheap whores. Some of the chicks really get off on it, others just grin and bear it after I get them all liquored up.

Sticking out my tongue, I tentatively tasted the creamy fluid seeping out of his lewd piss hole. It was salty but not bad and I immediately knew I wanted to swallow every ounce of his big load. 

"That's it bitch, you like the taste of that hot spunk, don't you?" he asked.

I nodded, too embarrassed to admit I did like the taste of his cum. I opened my mouth wide and took the bulbous gland into my virgin mouth, using my tongue to lube his dark fuck stick.

He reached down and palmed my head, not happy just having his cockhead buried in my mouth. He pushed forward and several inches of his fat tool invaded my tight and unprepared throat. I immediately started to gag and tried to pull away, but he held my head firm, laughing deeply.

"Don't be such a pussy," he ordered. "I'll break that fucking throat in and you'll be taking me ball deep in no time. If you're gonna learn how to service a guy, you might as well learn how to service him right. Now put your fucking hands behind your back and get ready to swallow this sword."

No way was I going to be able to throat his entire length, but I'd gone this far, so I grabbed my hands behind my back and opened my mouth wide.

He applied slow, steady pressure as his thick cockhead plowed straight ahead, invading my tight throat an inch at a time. I fought back my gag reflex, trying to breath through my nose, doing my best not to choke on his charging weapon. Periodically, he'd pull back, leaving only the head of his monster in my mouth before reversing course and making additional headway. I could feel the thick, black tool dripping salty liquid down my throat as he advanced further, lubricating his path with his funky sauce. 

No matter how hard he pushed, I simple could not take the final two inches. His fat pole just lodged down my throat, cutting off my air, and making my head spin with a lack of oxygen.

"Not satisfactory bitch," he barked, pulling his spit covered rod from my tortured and raw throat. To add insult to injury, he gave my face a hard thwack with his slimy rod.

"Lie down on the bench on your back," he commanded. "And lean your head over the edge."

He squatted down and aimed his arrow at my now open throat passage, intending to drive his tool home. Amazingly, he was able to bury his cock down my throat in this position until his low hanging balls were literally resting on my upturned face. I did my best to remain calm, knowing if I started to gag at this point, I'd lose my lunch for sure.

He left his wicked member buried in my throat for what seemed an eternity as he reached down and gave my nipples a hard tweak. My cock jumped with electricity as I felt a steady stream of precum running down my own shaft.

Holding my head firmly, he began to fuck my throat with a steady rhythm, pulling all but his bulb from my throat before shoving his entire length down my now gaping mouth. His balls repeatedly bounced off my face as he fucked my throat with furious strokes. The nuts were the size of golf balls and were heavy with his building load, stinging my face with the force of each thrust.

"Fuck yea," he grunted as he plowed my throat, my jaw aching and my eyes watering uncontrollably. "You want to swallow my big load, don't you bitch?"

With his fat pole filling my mouth, I couldn't answer, instead I gave the thumbs up sign as I reached down and wrapped my hand around my throbbing boner, knowing only a few strokes would make me erupt like a volcano.

Without another word, he plunged his cock fully down my throat and I felt his meaty tool start to pulse as a huge wad of cream was unleashed. 

"Arggggggh," he grunted as he let loose his load.

The first few shots filled my throat and as he slowly withdrew, his spunk filled my mouth and finally unloaded all over my upturned face. With one last jerk, my own cock exploded, shooting torrents of cum all over my stomach and chest.

"Lick it clean, you dirty little slut," he ordered as he stuffed his cockhead back into my mouth. 

Once he was satisfied that I'd gotten every last drop, he pulled his cock from my mouth and straddling my face, ordered me to suck his balls.

"Fucking suck those nuts, bitch. I ain't done with you yet. Still got that cherry ass of yours to pop."

His big, hairy balls were sweaty and musty, but I took them like a pro. His cock stayed nearly fully erect and bounced off my face as I lapped at his low hangers.

He moved forward several inches and ordered, "Rim my ass, bitch. Drive that tongue up my hole like I'm gonna drive this fucking cock up yours."

I fully expected that his monster cock would split me in two, but I was too far gone to care. I wanted to get bent over and fucked like a bitch in heat. All those years of fucking hot little cunts to prove my manhood had been turned upside down by this one cocky asshole. More than anything, I wanted him to take my virgin hole and pound me like I had pounded so many one night stands. I wanted it to hurt, wanted it to hurt so good. Here I was, naked, in the gym locker room, my face covered in salty manspunk, licking his asshole, totally submissive to this hard hunk of a stud, ashamed, and yet unable to control the slutty bottom whore that his big cock had unleashed.

Usually after I shoot a load, I'm ready for a nap. But the sexual energy that pulsed through this guy had me craving more. 

He roughly pulled me up off the bench, "Go bend over the counter, next to the sink," he ordered. "I want you to watch your face in the mirror as I take that ass for the first time."

I did as he instructed, scared but unable to resist.

"Reach back and spread those hairy cheeks, you cocksucker," he insisted.

He grabbed the softsoap dispenser and squirted a huge stream onto my exposed ass crack. Using his cockhead, he smeared the slippery substance all around my tight hole.

"Beg for it bitch," he laughed as he teased my hole with his thick rod.

"Fuck me, man," I whimpered. "Take my cherry. Take it now. Fuck my little man-cunt."

"Damn dude," he chuckled. "You are one horny little whore. What would your employees think if they knew you were such a little cockslut?"

"I don't care," I groaned. "I need that big cock in my ass. And I need it now."

Without another word, he grabbed my hips and with a wicked push, inserted the insanely fat head of his greased cock into my tight sphincter. The pain was incredible. But I had fucked a few women in the ass, and I knew the initial shock would slowly wear off. A few bitches even preferred anal sex, although I always assumed it was a sick masochistic fetish. I bit down hard on my lower lip and repressed a girlish shriek. It hurt like hell, but I wanted it and I wanted it bad.

With a steady pressure, he inched his spear deeper into the recesses of my unexplored hole. Watching my face in the mirror, it was a mask of mixed emotions. I wasn't gay, was I? I'd never enjoyed pain, at least not the receiving end of it. Yet the lust in my eyes was evident. As much as my ass was on fire, I didn't want him to stop. I wanted every last inch of his powerful rod buried in my butt. I wanted to feel his balls slapping against mine as he bottomed out. I didn't just want his cock in my ass, I wanted him to fuck me; fuck me like an animal. 

"Yea," I grunted. "Take that ass. Ohhhh, damn. Pound that hole. Fuck me hard and fuck me deep."

"Shit, dude, you were easier to flip than a quarter," he teased as he continued to pound my hole with reckless abandon. 

I was trapped hard against the marble counter top as he plowed me, unable to struggle free even had I wanted too. My rock hard cock whacked against the cabinet with every deep stroke, and leaked a continual stream as he literally fucked the cum out of me.

He gave my bare ass a few hard smacks with his hand, "Ride that dick, boy. Tell Raj how much you like that big cock up your backdoor."

"I've never felt anything like it," I moaned. "It hurts like hell, but I don't want it to stop. Give it to me. Uhhhhh, yea, drive it home."

And he did; over and over he abused my stretched hole, till the discomfort was slowly replaced by an incredible sensation, as my ass accepted it's tormentor and the friction of his fat piston sent waves of before unimagined pleasure through my newly awakened body.

Abruptly Raj pulled his length completely from my now gaping hole. "Shit, bitch, I never seen a dude enjoy taking it up the butt as much as you."

He moved back over to the wooden bench and lay down on his back, his menacing tool protruding wickedly toward the ceiling.

Without instruction, I straddled him and lowered myself down onto the throbbing rod, eager to have my ass once again impaled. I began to bob up and down, my own cock bouncing against my stomach as I fucked his cock with an unknown fury. 

After fucking in this position for several minutes, Raj pushed me off him and ordered me onto the bench, on my back. He threw my ankles up onto his shoulders and again entered me in a more traditional missionary position. As he repeatedly drove his cock home, he worked up quite a lather.

"Now this is my idea of a workout," he commented. "I could do these kind of reps all night."

Mine too, I thought. My biceps weren't going to be sore tomorrow, but my ass was a whole different story. 

His stamina was incredible. Admittedly, he had already busted one nut down my throat, but he'd now been fucking my ass for at least 30 minutes, and I began to wonder if he could indeed go all night. As he continued to deep-dick me, I felt my own orgasm building, even without the aid of direct stimulation. Without warning, my rock hard erection exploded, shooting a huge load of hot, sticky mansauce all over my stomach and chest, even spewing a few hot ropes of spunk onto my sweaty face. I eagerly lapped up my own seed, amazed at what was easily the most intense orgasm I had ever enjoyed.

"Damn bitch, you are one insatiable little cumslut," he sighed. "I've never seen a guy swallow his own junk."

Pulling his amazing pecker one last time from my numb ass, he ordered me to stand up, bend over, and grab my ankles. He again positioned himself behind me, and with one motion, buried his bone to the hilt. Grabbing my hips, he gyrated deep in my ass as I felt his cock swell to historic proportions. He began to fuck me with short, deep strokes, until he screamed, "Uhhhhhhhhhuhhhhhh....I'm gonna fill that bitch cunt of yours with my seed, whore."

And fill it he did. I could feel the hot jet of jizz erupt deep in my bowels and I counted at least 10 spurts of hot cream as he unloaded his mammoth wad deep up my ass. My legs were quivering and I struggled to keep from collapsing on the locker room floor as he finally withdrew his dark, dirty weapon from my tortured hole. 

"Down on your knees, fuckface," he ordered. "And lick me clean."

I eagerly tongue washed his fantastic tool as I felt the warm fluid slowly draining from my gaping ass. When he was satisfied I'd lapped up every drop of his spunk, he grabbed his towel.

"I gotta take a quick shower and get back to my rounds. I'm sure I'll see you around again, cocksucker."

As I watched his lean, dark body disappear into the showers, his large phallus now hanging limp but still incredibly lewd and enticing, I tried to shake my head clear. What had I just done? In the last hour, I had transformed from a cunt-hunting lady killer to a cum-drinking, cock-begging, bottom bitch. I quickly dressed and fled the gym. By the time I got home, I had convinced myself it was just a one-time thing. Nobody had to know, and I'd do everything in my power to avoid Raj in the future. I was even dreaming up a way to call the management office, trump up some charges, and get him fired.

Over the next week, I started working out in the morning, before Raj's shift started. I saw him from a distance a few times around the complex, but I always avoided direct contact. I hit the bar scenes again and picked up a couple of hotties. But when I'd get back to their place, ready to seal the deal, I was repeatedly unable to perform. One drunk chick was so horny she actually sucked my dick for 30 minutes before she gave up, pulled her trusty vibrator from the bedside table, and got herself off. When she went to brush her teeth, I helped myself to her vibrator, and within seconds of inserting the average sized toy into my horny ass, I was hard as a rock. To avoid further embarrassment, I snuck out of her apartment, toy still firmly seated in my ass and barely made it to my car before I shot the most amazing load all over my steering wheel.

Clearly I was having some issues, but I was in no mood to accept my fate. I was not gay, I was just going through a phase. 

The next week, I was working late one night in my office.

"Hey cocksucker, where you been?"

Horrified, I looked up from my computer screen to find Raj standing in my office doorway.

"What are you doing here?" I croaked.

"Just making my rounds, Mr. Franklin," he chuckled, tapping the nameplate on my office door. "Remember, I'm the security guard around here."

"Uh, yes, right," I managed. "Well, everything is OK in here."

"You sure about that?" he grinned. "I notice you can't take your eyes off my crotch."

Fuck. He was right. I'd been staring at the bulge in his trousers ever since he arrived. And as difficult as it was to admit to myself, my own trousers were currently getting rather snug from the growing boner in my pants.
