 Chapter One

I woke up rather dreamily but knew exactly where I was as I stretched and felt the warmth of the man next to me. Yesterday had been my twenty first birthday, an event in its own right, but it was also the day I had got married to this man lying in bed beside me.

I loved and was loved in return by him and I wriggled that little bit closer to the man I married and repeated my new name to myself. Mrs Tracey Kane. Yesterday it was Tracey Spencer, but now it was Kane.

I turned onto my side and looked at the profile of the man I had really only known for about six weeks and had fallen in love the first time I set my eyes on him. I vowed there and then that this was the man for me, even before he had me in bed. To tell the truth, it was really me that took him to bed. What happened was more down to him than to me. He made love to me twice during that first night and I knew he would be mine forever.

I drew the covering sheet down to reveal his body and the fresh bullet wound on his shoulder that he received yesterday and the knife wound in his side from an earlier attack. But these I had seen before as I had that organ of his that was now at its biggest as it was every morning. Lying there on his stomach like an over large sausage that had a pulse of its own, twitching in his dreams. 

Every morning since I'd been going to bed with him, he was like this, hard, erect and pulsating as it throbbed with the blood being pushed round it and I put my hand on it and curled my fingers round it to feel the beat of his heart. I did this slowly as I didn't want to wake him just yet for I wanted to feel the softness of the thin membrane of skin that sheathed this piece of iron. This hard flesh that I desperately craved to have inside me but refrained for the moment as I just loved to gently stroke him like this. To feel every small knotted muscle that the skin hid from sight except the engorged head that was half exposed from under the foreskin. It was a fiery red and seemed to glow as the whole penis throbbed in my hand, the eye almost winking at me. 

I also had the desire to take it into my mouth at this stage, but again I held back for a few minutes more to look at the sac beneath that held his balls. Those elliptical things that manufactured the sperm that would boil inside before it gathered together like molten plasma to force its way to the surface like the lava of a volcano as the penis was excited by my hand or mouth.

Without the fire and brimstone, this sperm would finally erupt and spray out that life giving seed in multiple bursts that was nectar to me, as I had in the past taken it in my mouth to savour before swallowing.

But now, this first morning after our marriage, it was my turn to take him into me for he had taken me several times last night. Now it was my turn and I gave the head of his cock a gentle kiss and carefully rose up on the bed and got my leg across his body and then held his erection upright. I placed it in the right position and then slowly sank down onto it, feeling it widen me with some pain but one that I liked for it was the prelude to having him inside me. Then, with the head of this massive cock inside me, I sank down, feeling him expand and fill me till I thought it was going to emerge from out of my throat.

It wasn't until I came to a halt by sitting on his thighs with him deep inside of me did he stir and become awake.

'Good morning Mr Kane. Did you sleep well?' I asked as I moved myself up and down on his organ.

'Very well Mrs Kane, thank you. You look bright and perky this morning and I see you are on top of things,' he grinned.

'I prefer it when you're on top of me doing this,' I said as I used my inner muscle to squeeze him. 'Do you want me to stop?'

'No,' he groaned. 'I'm nearly there.' So I kept moving on him till he took over and bucked his hips upwards until I felt him begin to come. With short sharp jerks, he almost dislodged me as he came and he heaved a big sigh and then relaxed on the bed. I didn't really want him out of me but I still wanted to suck on his organ while it was still hard. So I climbed off of him and went into the bathroom and brought back a warm wet cloth and a towel and washed and dried him and then began to suck on him before it deflated.

I liked sucking and licking his penis even when it was flaccid and kept on till he asked what the time was.

'I don't clock watch when I'm busy,' I mumbled round his limp dick.

'Much as I like what you are doing, I've got a lot of things to do before we go on our honeymoon.'

'Honeymoon!' I cried, letting his penis flop back between his legs. 'Did you say honeymoon?'

'I did,' he smiled as he pulled me up into his arms and let me kiss him. 'Where would you like to go?'

'I don't care as long as it's with you,' I answered him.

'Well how about Hong Kong?'

'You're not kidding me, are you,' I asked, not quite believing my ears.

'No. The Peninsular Hotel, Hong Kong.'

'Oh you darling!' I cried, flinging myself back into his arms and kissing him again. 'When do we go?'

'This evening, from Heathrow.'

'Wowee! Wait till I tell Toni.'

Toni had been my bridesmaid and had stayed overnight in one of our four bedrooms, though I think she would have been in Pieter's room. He is a white South African and was the best man for Marcus at our wedding. I jumped out of bed and opened the wardrobe and began pushing my dresses from side to side. Though I'd only been living in the apartment with Marcus a short while, I'd accumulated several dresses and now they didn't seem right for a honeymoon.

'I must see if Toni will come with me to buy something decent,' I said and I went to the door of our bedroom.

'I wouldn't go out there like that,' Marcus said from the bed.

'Why not?' I asked, looking down at my nakedness. 'Toni knows what I look like and I'm sure Pieter knows too.'

'But Kate doesn't,' he remarked.

'Oh!' It was true. Kate was our new housemaid and breakfast cook and she didn't really know the set up here. 'Yes, you're right it would give her shock to see me naked.'

The reason I said this was because I too was a male, married to another man. I forgot to tell you this in the beginning for I've always thought of myself as being a woman. I hate my man's body and wish that I had breasts and a vagina instead of the small cock and balls that I was born with.

The saving grace is that I have the facial features and hair of a woman. Even my waist is slender and my legs are slim and I have nice trim ankles. So when I am dressed up in my finery, no one can tell the difference. It was good for my job and that was where I first saw Marcus.

Chapter Two 

I'm not a true transvestite because I wear female clothing all the time, and as a cabaret artiste, it's part of my job. I was working in a transvestite club called the Blue Parrot in Berlin when I saw Marcus come in for the first time.

I liked the look of this man for he wasn't one of the usual run of the mill men we had in there to ogle the performers on the stage knowing that they were men beneath their make-up and dresses. Some of the girls, as we called each other, would turn a trick or two out in the cottages, this being our term for the toilets.

Marcus was different, for he sat alone at a table and only gave the stage a cursory glance or two and seemed more interested in the patrons that came in. I tried to get him to buy me a drink at the first opportunity I had, but he ignored me. Not only me, but all the others that solicited drinks between our stint on the stage. We had to circulate amongst the punters to encourage them to buy the drinks that the club sold at enormous inflated prices. But no one had any luck with him. He not only intrigued me but I thought him very attractive and wondered what he was like below the waist

I've been with quite a few men in the past and knew exactly what I was looking for. A man that was big and strong in the sex department but one that also had the capacity for love. Marcus seemed to fit the bill but I had to be sure and so I tried to attract his attention.

It was on the second night that I managed to catch his eye and got him to buy me a drink, but that was as far as it went. He still seemed to be absorbed with looking at every person who entered the club than in me. Not to put a finer point on it, but I was the most attractive female impersonator in the whole club and had many men who would have liked to sample my wares. But it was him I wanted.

It was on the third night that it happened. He entered the club at opening time and watched everybody else who came in. It was nearly closing time and I was just finishing my act which was the last one before the finale when it happened. All of us performers did three songs and sometimes dances in each stint and I had just started when three men came in and sat together at a table. These three caught the attention of Marcus and he watched them intently as they spoke amongst themselves only buying one drink each.

I had just finished my third song and dance when I saw Marcus go over to their table and start talking to them. I don't know what was said, but as I got off the stage, I saw one of the three stand up and pull a gun out of his coat. At the sight of it, Marcus lunged across the table at the man as he fired. I didn't know then that the shot had hit Marcus in the head for he carried on right across the table and hit the man in the throat. This man fell backwards, knocking into one of the others who was himself pulling a gun out of his coat. This gave Marcus the time to swing on him and floor him with one blow, but now he was staggering as he got up from the shambles of the broken chairs and table. He rounded on the third man who seemed to forget about trying to pull a gun out and raised his arm up to protect himself. The snap as his arm was broken I quite clearly heard and the man fell to the floor with a scream.

By the time I got to the melee, all three men were on the floor and Marcus was staggering around and I then saw that blood was streaming down his face from the first bullet fired. I thought he was going to take a swing at me for he had a crazy look in his eyes, but he must have seen that it was a woman coming to his aid and he let me put my arm up under his to keep him from falling to the floor.

I managed to keep him upright and got him out of the club before the police arrived. Otto, a friendly cab driver helped me get him inside the taxi and I had him drive us to an obscure hotel called the Berlin Palace.

Now I very seldom wear panties except if the dance would entail me swirling around so that I didn't show my parts to the audience. But I was wearing them that time and I quickly pulled them off and helped staunch the flow of blood from his head wound and also clean up that part of his face that was bloody by the time we got to the hotel.

I told Otto that I would pay the fare later as he helped me get Marcus inside the hotel lobby. I told the desk clerk that my husband and I had been mugged and that I'd dropped the car keys, our baggage being inside the car and could we have a room for a couple of nights.

'Did they take all our money darling,' I said to Marcus, hoping that he spoke German like I did and was thankful that he answered in the same language.

'In my trouser pocket,' he mumbled. I delved in and pulled out quite a bundle of German Euros and was able to pay for the room in advance. This satisfied the desk clerk and gave us a key and also some plasters for my husband's head. I signed the register as Herr and Frau Kaufmann, plucking the name out of the air.

I got Marcus up to the room and took him straight through to the bathroom. I sat him on the toilet and got his jacket off of him, astounded to find that he was wearing a shoulder harness with a gun inside it beneath his coat. This I got off him too and then ripped his shirt off. It was too bloody to try and clean and not worth saving, but I was able to use the tail end as cleaning cloths and a makeshift bandage.

He just sat there not saying a word as I cleaned him up as best I could and bandaged his head and got him back into the bedroom and sat him on the bed. He just seemed to be hanging in there as I got his shoes, socks, trousers and underpants off and rolled him onto his back and covered him up with the sheet and blanket.

I took his gun harness and coat from the bathroom and put them on the chair and cleaned up the mess we'd made. He was out like a light and gently snoring when I'd finished and as I didn't relish sleeping in the only chair the room had, undressed myself and got into bed with him.

I wasn't prepared for what happened during the night and I woke up lying on my side with his cock pushing hard up against my bum. I wasn't sure what to do, but he did. He reared up in the bed and pulled me up onto my knees and got behind me. Even though I was half asleep, I knew what was going to happen and didn't try to stop him as he roughly pushed himself into me and gave me one of the best fucks I'd had for a long time. His hands were firm on my hips as he pulled me back onto him as he thrust forward and I loved this sudden attack on my person and almost drooled as he battered his thighs up against the cheeks of my bum. He let out a howl as he came, grinding his hips tight to me as he jerked his come into me and I loved it.

I gave a cry when he pulled out and flopped down on to the bed on his back and continued to snore as though he'd never woken up. I got off the bed and went and got a wet cloth to wash him, and after drying him, got back into bed and off to sleep again. 

He astounded me by giving me a repeat performance a couple of hours later. I'm sure he was still asleep but it didn't stop him from entering me again to give me another glorious fuck. Hammering at my ring piece until he finally gripped my hips hard and gave me several short sharp stabs as he came, filling me for the second time with his sperm. Like before, he pulled out and fell back asleep and I got up and washed him again.

I woke up first in the morning and he was still gently snoring as he lay on his back and I felt down and found he was as hard as he had been during the night when he had me. Now was my turn I thought, and I pushed the covers back and got astride of him and holding his erection up, lowered my body down till I had him back up inside me. God it was lovely. His cock was one of the largest I'd ever had and I simply loved it. This time I wanted some relief so as I bounced up and down on him, I jerked myself off as he came awake. He came, I came, but into tissues whereas his come I felt shoot up into my insides and that triggered my coming into the tissues.

Now this was where the fun started, for he didn't know who or where he was. The bullet that had creased his head, making quite a deep furrow, had robbed him of his memory. The only thing that annoyed me was that he didn't remember fucking me twice during the night. So I became his comrade in arms in more than one way to try and help him regain his identity.

One help was that he spoke fluent German as I did. How I came to learn it I will bring that in later, but for now, it was enough that he knew. He wanted to know what had happened and so I told him while I was cuddled up in his arms. I also told him of how I happened to be as I was and how I finished up in this club in Berlin.

I think it was my relating of my earlier life that roused him up again and though he had no recollection of having had me during the night, I insisted that he took me again. This time I think he enjoyed sticking his cock into and fucking me for I sure did. I think we had another sleep then but I had to find out about the fracas at the club, so I got up and got dressed. I think it turned him on to see me put on my suspender belt and then pull on my stockings and fix them to the studs from the straps. Then came the padded bra and finally the dress. I brushed my hair but didn't have any make-up with me, so I had to go without doing my face. 

I got a local paper and an Indian take-away for us to eat and then I saw to his head wound and redressed it for him. The paper had said about the fight in the club but no details. By the time we'd finished eating, I had to go to work. But I was soon back as the club had been closed and there wasn't any mention of Marcus by the police who interviewed me. The only news I had was that one was dead, well the second one too, for he died later in hospital while the third man got away with just a broken arm.

By now, having seen this man naked and vulnerable in the bed the night before, I found myself falling in love with him. The size of his organ helped this along for it was the biggest one I'd ever had up inside me and I wanted more and more of it, so I had him fuck me again before we went to sleep that night.

We had sex in the morning and every other morning after that as well as at night and the odd one during the day as we tried to back track on what had brought about the fight at the club.

The other side must have had the same idea for though I made Marcus up with some cosmetics to change his appearance, the man with the broken arm couldn't disguise his problem. He had turned up at the club the following night with another two heavies and I wondered what was going to happen. I soon found out.

I was doing my usual round of the tables of the punters between my stints on the stage, trying to get them to buy drinks when I was roughly pulled to one side by one of these heavies.

'Where is he,' one man snarled at me, his grip hurting me.

'Who?' I got out, 'and let go of my arm.'

'Not until you tell us where he is. You were seen leaving the club with him.' His grip really hurting my arm. I then had the other arm gripped by the next heavy and then almost dragged towards the rear exit of the club. 'You'll tell us or you'll need a plastic surgeon to put you right when we've finished with you,' he said as I was dragged out into the back alley.

'I don't know what you are talking about,' I yelled as I struggled to try and get free from their grips. I was facing the club's rear exit door as it burst open and Marcus was framed in the light. The man holding my right arm pulled out a gun and fired it at Marcus but missed. Marcus didn't as he pulled his gun out and shot this man and the hand was violently ripped away from my arm by the force of the bullet hitting him. I then swung this now freed arm round to strike the other man holding me and managed to delay him in getting his gun out. 

Marcus fired again and this one was knocked arse over tit as he too was struck by a high velocity bullet. Marcus was quickly over to hold me and then we both knelt down to this second man and Marcus tried to find out why they were trying to find and kill him. But all the man managed to get out before dying was that they would get him and Tolliver before they were through.

It was through the broken armed man that we found out more for Marcus had rendered him unconscious before following me out of the club. We had Otto take him from the club and find out where he went. First it was to an hotel to report and then to a warehouse near the airport. The man he'd met in the hotel was the vice president of the European Commercial Bank in Berlin. That didn't help us then but when we raided the warehouse the following night, we found printing presses being used to forge money on and now had a link between the money making factory and this Berlin bank. But this is where I saved his life for we were surprised inside by the man with broken arm, and he had a gun in his hand pointing at Marcus. I gave out a shout and the man turned towards me and fired, which gave Marcus the time he needed to pull out his gun and shoot the man before he himself was shot.
