 It had been a long day out in town, and I was glad to get settled on the late train. The station had been quiet at that time of night and I was looking forward to a couple of hours sleep. I had been shopping and had had a good time with some old mates from college. It always fun having a couple of beers and a laugh, but the trip home was a real nuisance. Town had been especially hot that day and I could feel the sweat in my arm pits and on my body. My jeans and tee shirt were sticking to me and the temperature of the train didn't help. It was stuffy and airless.

Any way I'm getting ahead of myself. Let me introduce my self. My name is Dom and I'm 24. I'm 6 feet and naturally blonde. I love to work out in the gym and spend most of my free time there, though I'm no muscle freak, just a nice worked out body with good definition and toned. I'm also gay. Straight acting but seriously 100% gay, and I love sex. Any kind of sex. Sex all the time, cos I am always horny. I love getting it, giving it, sucking it, fucking it, anything. 

Anyway back to the train. As you can imagine, I'm on the train settled into my seat, hot and sweaty and of course horny. I can feel my cock starting to grow in my jeans just as I m sitting there not even thinking about anything in particular. As I said its the last train and as always mostly empty. My compartment seems to be completely deserted.

However just as I'm thinking this is going to be a really dull journey home, the train takes its first lurch out of the station and the door to the compartment flies open. With that a bundle of bag and man falls through the door, landing hard down by my feet swearing as he falls:

"Jesus"

"Are you OK" I ask thinking what a dork for falling over. However that thought instantly disappears as he looks up from the floor.

"Sorry mate, the bloody train just…" With that he looks straight at me for the first time. Wow. Dark hair, tanned and an incredible smile.

"That's OK. No harm done, but you'd better sit down before you hurt yourself"

"Thanks". With that he starts to get up form the floor. He's concentrating on getting himself together so I get a good chance to have a real look at him. He's wearing a black sleeveless top which shows off his chest to real good effect. I can see that he must work out. Great arms and defined chest, just a hint of his nipples showing in the fine material of the top. He has a bag with him and he starts to stow this onto the shelf above the seats. It means he has to reach right up stretching his arms above his head and leaning across. This is great 'cos his arse and crotch are now right in my eye line. And what a sight to behold. He's wearing tight washed jeans. When I say tight I mean tight. The seam follows the line of his tight buns exactly, carving out the line between his perfect cheeks. These I can see moving slightly with the effort of stowing his bag above. As he turns I get a real show of his package. There may as well be no material between us. The tight denim clearly outlines his cock. I can't believe my eyes. I can see it clearly stuffed down the side of his right pant leg. It must be enormous. Suddenly the train seems even more warm and airless and I can feel the sweat starting to breakout on my chest and arms. More worryingly I can feel my own cock starting to wake up. Just that slight feeling as it presses against my jeans. 

"That's better". He says as he finally sits down. I smile back, hoping he hasn't noticed my obvious staring.

"I thought I was going to miss this train and it's the last one."

"You only just made it."

"Yeah I'm really glad I did."

What the hell did he mean by that. Perhaps it was nothing. Just an expression, but it made me look up and I could see he was smiling. Smiling at me. I smiled back, but I was so confused and bothered I couldn't think of anything to say. Well nothing that wouldn't sound really dumb.

With that I decided I would try and relax. Try not to think about the hottest man I had ever seen. Sitting no more that two foot away. That was really gonna happen. I stretched out as much as I could in the cramped confines of the carriage and decided to close my eyes. Mistake. As soon as they were closed I started to imagine what I would like him to do to me. To imagine his cock and ass. To imagine sucking on his huge solid cock. Licking all its engorged hard length.

Well that did it. My own cock was now really getting hard in my jeans, really starting to strain at the material. Even a quick glance would have shown I was thinking about something horny. I shifted position, hoping that I could hide what I knew was my obvious and growing bulge. As I did so my legs brushed against his. I opened my eyes and found myself staring straight at his face. He was still smiling at me.

"Getting more comfortable?" He asked. "Yeah. It's a bit cramped and hot in here".

"I can see that" Again the smile, what the fuck was going on. Our legs were still pressed against each other and he was making no attempt to move away. I decided the best approach was just to try and close my eyes again, which I did. By now the warmth in the carriage and the touch of his leg against mine was beginning to have its effect. My cock was hard and pressing against my jeans. It was really hard, the pressure becoming uncomfortable. Almost as it was becoming unbearable, I heard him move in his seat and suddenly he had moved over and was sitting next to me.

I opened my eyes again.

"That's better". He said. "I always feel better sitting this way around". This really too much. I could feel the heat from his hot body, his arms touching mine lightly in the confines of the seats. I could smell the hot manly smell of his warm body. God I wanted him. Needed him.

"Do you want a beer, I've got some in my bag"

"Thanks" I said. Again he had to stand up and reach high into his bag, and again I got a real good look at what he was packing. This time I had a real shock. His cock was clearly a good deal longer and fatter than it had been. Damn he must have been as turned on as I was. He sure was taking his time looking for those beers in his bag, and all the time waving that hot package in my face. This was too much. With both hands I just reached out and took hold of his tight thighs. As I touched him he just gave a slight moan "mmm" and stayed where he was.

Leaving one hand on his left thigh, I trailed my other down the front of his jeans. Tracing the line of his enormous cock. Letting my hand feel its size and length through his jeans. As I did so he moved his hips slightly forward to meet my searching hands.

"Oh yeah, stroke my cock." I didn't need any more encouragement. I started to rip at the buttons of his fly. Dragging them apart, needing to get at that monstrous hard cock. Once they were all undone I started to tug down his jeans. This was not so easy since he was packed in tight but eventually I got his jeans down onto his thighs. There it was in front of me, the biggest cock I had ever seen, maybe 10" and hard and thick, straining against the thin material of his cotton jock.

"That's it. You want my cock. What you want to do to it baby?"

I looked up into his gorgeous tanned dark face, smiling down at me.

"I want to suck it to taste every last drop of hot cum"

His cock was now sticking straight up and the top showing above his jock. He was cut and glistening. Wrenching down his jock I put my lips to the end. God it tasted good. I circled the end with my tongue, really getting it wet. Then drawing away for a brief moment I lapped all the way down the underside leaving a trail of wet spit, down to his balls. He was shaved. No hair on his balls at all, and just a faint triangle above his cock.

Now down to licking at his balls, playing my tongue across their soft skin.

"Oh yeah baby, lick my balls, go on work them over"

His balls were just as enormous as his cock. I take one in my mouth playing my tongue over it. He is moaning with pleasure and now pushing his hips against my face.

I let go of his balls and move my tongue back up the length of his cock. Tracing the hard length all the way to the hot salty tip. My hands are now on his arse cheeks one on each firm muscle. As my mouth starts to work on the tip of his hard cock, I move my hands, feeling for the warm crack of his arse. 

"Yeah that's it, play with my ass, oh yeah take my cock bitch".

With that he thrusts forward with his strong hips pushing more of his length into my throat. It's a real struggle to take it in. My mouth is stretched to the limit to get all the way around it. I can feel it against the back of my mouth, leaving me just enough room to let my tongue play over it. Again he starts to pull out. Just as it is taken from my mouth he pushes forward again, forcing it down my throat, making me gag on it. This time he starts to fuck my face. Slowly at first, pumping at my mouth, pushing in and out with most of his huge length, but then picking up speed. I can feel his hands on the back of my head now, forcing me to keep sucking. The breath is being forced from me, my mouth and throat are completely filled with this great cock.

"Suck it baby, take it all. I'm gonna fill your mouth with hot cum"

My hands are still on his arse. Playing with his hot crack. I drag a finger down the line towards the soft pucker of his man cunt. As my finger reaches it I feel a shudder go through his whole body and his thrusting into my mouth becomes more intense. His whole cock is now pounding into my mouth and I can feel it becoming even harder. I know what is coming and I want it.

"Yes, take it Oh yeah here I cum….."

Hot cum shoots into my throat. There seems to be gallons of hot salty cum shooting down my mouth, filling it. He still thrusts in and out. His huge cock covered in a mixture of hot cum and saliva. I can't swallow enough of it and it fills my mouth and dribbles out onto my chin. Finally he takes out his still hard cock and drags it down my chin and over my face covering it with his cum.

Oh yeah I am in cock sucking heaven.

To be continued... 