 Vicki Lynn blow dried her long blond tresses and pulled them back into a ponytail. She rushed out of the bathroom attached to her master bedroom in the 877 square foot single wide trailer she shared with her nineteen year-old son, Tyler, and her on-again-off-again fiancé, Lamar. She grabbed the keys to her red 2004 Oldsmobile Alero coupe. She was running late for her afternoon shift as a waitress at Finnegan's. Before darting out the door, she kissed Lamar's forehead.

"Bye baby," replied the twice convicted ex-felon.

When her car pulled away from the mobile home, Lamar put out his Black & Mild in the ashtray on the table tray next to his favorite recliner and walked out the back to feed the dog. When he came back inside, Tyler was pouring a glass of orange juice. "Sup," remarked Lamar.

"Nothing," the slim platinum-haired college freshman replied.

"Let me get a beer," Lamar said indicating that he wanted his future stepson to hand over one of the Bud Lights.

Tyler fulfilled the request and went back to his bedroom where he was surfing the web on his laptop. He studied chemistry at Garth College and was home for his winter break. He despised his background and regarded both sides of his wayward family as poor white trash. He distanced himself completely from it except when he returned to the trailer park on his time off from school. In order to escape this hell hole in the summer, he was working diligently to procure an internship as a counselor at a youth science camp or in a lab researching anything.

Lamar downed his beer quickly and went for another. In the course of 40 minutes, he'd gone through six of them and was now feeling quite hungry and slightly inebriated. He checked the kitchen and found nothing to his satisfaction. So he went to Tyler's room. The door was cracked so he pushed it open. "Hey," he called out. Tyler did not hear him because he was wearing headphones. Lamar walked inside the room and shook the bed to get Tyler's attention. 

"What," snapped an annoyed Tyler.

"Damn, I was just tryna see if you wanted to order a pizza."

"Sorry, Lamar. You just startled me."

"It's cool, dude. Just don't make it no habit. You gon' order it online?"

"Yeah, I can do that. What kind do you want?"

"Thick crust. All meat."

"I'll do it now."

Lamar tossed a twenty towards the bed purposefully missing his target. Tyler hopped up to grab it and when he did Lamar went to steal a look at the computer screen. It was as he had suspected. There was a video Black man ramming his huge dick up the ass of a white boy. 

Tyler saw Lamar reach for his HP as it was too late. He was slightly mortified. He stood there shaking in his graphic tee and sweatpants. His pale skin turned pasty. Worry crept into his bright blue eyes. All one hundred forty pounds of his five-foot-nine-inch slender body trembled.

"This is the kinda shit you like," inquired Lamar.

"It's none of your business," roared Tyler.

"I told yo' punk ass once to watch that muthafuckin' attitude. Calm the fuck down," Lamar hissed. "Answer my question."

"Yes," sighed Tyler.

"That's cool. When was the last time you got fucked?"

"That's kinda personal," Tyler replied.

"Man fuck you," Lamar thundered as he lunged towards Tyler.

Before he knew it, Tyler was in a headlock. Though Lamar was only one hundred seventy pounds, he was lean and fit. His six foot frame was nearly void of any body fat. Tyler whined. "All I did was ask you a simple ass question. Now answer it," Lamar ordered. He relaxed his hold so Tyler could breathe and reply.

"The week before I came home," he confessed.

"Was he Black?"

"Yes," another revelation.

"Do you only like big Black dick,"

"Yes sir."

"That's more like it," Lamar said releasing his victim. "Get down there and suck my dick."

Lamar pulled down his warm-up pants and revealed a sizable nine inch thick monster. Tyler kissed the head and sucked it into his mouth. He could not believe what was happening to him. He'd seen glimpses of Lamar's dick over the past three years that his mom had been dating the brown-skinned man with cornrows. And the irrefutable screams of pleasure coming from his mother when she and Lamar made love caused him to long for Black dick.

Tyler sucked slowly and methodically. Lamar, filled with liquid courage, decided to murder Tyler's unsuspecting throat. He forced himself in and out quickly and deeply. Tyler gagged and tears ran down his face. "You love that shit, don't you, white boy?" Tyler was unable to reply, yet Lamar knew the answer so he continued delivering the harsh strokes. 

Soon, Lamar's lusciously large balls began to ache. He felt himself getting ready to cum. Unconcerned about the faggot sucking his dick, he kept this information to himself. "Awww! Shit," he yelled as he erupted into the back of Tyler's throat. "Goddamn, that felt good! Whew!" Lamar pulled out his dick a small stream of his cum followed. "You better swallow all that shit, boy!"

Tyler complied as he gulped down the protein laden baby batter. 

"You wanna get fucked?"

"I'd love to," Tyler moaned.

"Alright, but I ain't fucking you if my homies can't get none."

"What," Tyler was puzzled.

"A couple of my boys. We gon' gangbang yo' ass. You down?"

Tyler contemplated.