 My muscles ache and sweat dries against my forehead as I head into the locker room. I haven't worked out in years and the strain of my first time reminds me why I quit. I shake my head and grin at my own lack of self discipline. I grab my towel, strip down and head for the showers. Just as I'm about to turn the water on I hear a quiet hiss of breath, followed by a long shuddering sigh. Someone is in another stall, but there's no sound of running water. A moment passes, and another sigh, a moan that sets my eyes wide. There is no mistaking the nature of that noise. 

I duck down, peering under the bottom of the shower stall to see on the other side of the wall something that sets my pulse pounding. A pair of feet and a pair of knees in front of them. Both belonging to men judging by the structure and hair. I stand back up, unsure of what to do as the wheels in my head turn and the scene is laid plain. A few inches from where I'm standing, a man is sucking another man's cock. 

Another moan. I'm frozen, petrified. I look down and see to my surprise an erection jutting from the close trim of my pubic hair. I close my eyes, and take a deep, silent breath, but all I can see is a man on his knees before me, drawing my cock into his mouth, my hand on the back of his head urging him forward. Or is it the other way around? 

Another moan cuts into my unbidden fantasy, more urgent this time. My hand closes around my own rigid, needful flesh, and begins the familiar motions. I look down to see toes curling as the tension builds and suddenly I hear the words in a voice I recognize. 

"I'm cumming."

Semen splashes against the wall in front of me and runs over my hands in a bittersweet explosion of ecstasy that feels wasted. There is a few seconds of silence, then the man on his knees gets up. They exit the stall. I risk a quick peek out to confirm my suspicions and see Jason walking behind an unfamiliar man. Jason is a personal trainer at the gym who offered me training when I signed up. As I watch them go I realize that I'm going to accept his offer. 

That night I sleep and dream of him. He sits upon a stone seat, naked and glorious, his cock upright and proud. I kneel before him and look up at him, asking him for permission to service his throbbing member. He nods, a slight smile on his lips. Gratefully, I draw the beautiful length of flesh into my mouth. 

It is the first gay sex dream I've ever had. 

I try to forget the whole thing. I'm not gay, the fantasy is foolish and unwanted. Yet it haunts me. I find myself thinking about that day in the shower. I dream of the taste and feel of cock. I start looking at gay porn to fulfill the urge and for a week or two it does fine but soon I can't deny that my need is greater than mere watching. 

I go back to the gym and find Jason. 

"Hey man, what can I do for you?"

"I was hoping you could let me suck your cock," I want to say, but what comes out is "I want to get some training."

"Of course, and as I said before, the first hour is free, just to try it out, and after that the fee is very reasonable," he says. 

I thank him and we begin. He starts by getting my stats, general health information. I'm bored and distracted. Then we move to the weight room. 

"We'll start by getting your max lifts," he said. "Head over to the bench and we'll start with bench press."

I've seen this a hundred times in videos over the last week, he stands over me, his cock hanging down; I stroke it and pull it into my waiting mouth, he cums on my bare chest as I lick his balls. Oh but it goes just as he says. Turns out I can bench press 115lbs. 

We go through the list of exercises and when he seems satisfied he tells me he will come up with a personalized routine by the next time I come in. I thank him and turn to leave, and coming in is the man I saw him with that day in the shower. My breath catches in my throat as I wonder if they are going to do it again. Maybe they'll fuck. 

I'm in basketball shorts and it's about to become very apparent how I feel about all this if I don't leave. Before my cock can betray me I'm out the door and in my car. I sit there, my key in the ignition, and look in the window to see they're both headed into the locker room. 

I can't stand it. I get back out of the car and march in. I slip into the locker room. I don't see them, but I know where to go. Back in the shower I see two sets of feet in one stall. Both standing, they haven't gotten too far. It just makes me wonder what they are doing. I slip over to the door of their stall and try to get a peek between the door and the frame. I see only sliding flesh, a flash of ass, a leg. As if in a trance, I lean in, hardly daring to breath, my cock out and in my hand. Suddenly, they freeze, the door swings inward. I see two naked men, chest to chest, hard cocks pressed together.

"What are you doing?" Jason asks.

I can't think of anything to say. Then he notices that I've been jacking off. 

"Oh," he says. 

Both men turn towards me, advancing with purpose. I can hardly breathe, let alone think. 

"You shouldn't have been spying," the unfamiliar man says.

"No," I stammer.

"You should make it up to us," Jason says. 

"How," I ask, a stupid question. I know what I'm going to do before I even do it. A hand on either shoulder gently press me downward to my knees, eye level with two beautiful, hard, throbbing cocks. The unfamiliar man takes the lead, standing before me. I cradle his balls in my hand and put my lips on the silky tip of his head. He moans as I press forward, and I begin to suck him. 

That cock becomes my entire world. I close my eyes and taste him, feel every pulsing vein against my tongue, smell his faint musk and he begins to thrust gently. I'm dimly aware of Jason moving behind me, his cock coming over my shoulder and gently brushing my cheek. I turn and suckle it a few moments before strong, inexorable hands pull my mouth back to the man before me. He pulls away after a few minutes but thankfully Jason's cock replaces him. 

I can't believe how lucky I am as I please not one, but two long, wonderful shafts. But my luck seems to double as suddenly I feel the warm wetness of the unfamiliar man's mouth on my own wanting organ. I take Jason's cock out of my mouth and look down to see a head of dark hair bobbing up and down over my pelvis. I spread my knees and arch my back, taking a moment to enjoy the delicious sensation of getting blown.

In that moment I realize one important thing. Women suck cock to please men. Men suck cock because they want a cock in their mouth. I can say that now I'm getting the best head of my life. 

A shuddering moan cuts into my thoughts and I look to see Jason standing over me, stroking his cock. He moans again as thick, white strands of cum arch out and splash across my chest. 

It's too much for me. I groan and spill my seed into the mouth that continues to suck, swallowing my load in a single gulp. He stands up. I grab his balls in one hand, his cock in the other, and begin stroking him as Jason runs his hands over the man's chest. 

"Cum, Jake," he whispers. "Cum on him."

I look up into Jake's eyes, Jake looks down at me. He lets out a guttural cry and covers me with his semen. We all sit there a moment, three naked, spent men, our cocks drooping after the pleasure we'd given each other. Then I stand and get in the shower. They follow and we all rinse off. 

As I get dressed Jason slaps me on the ass. 

"We'll do this again," he says. 

We absolutely will.