 Needless to say, I didn't expect what happened today. No one ever does I guess.

I was working in my garage while the wife and kids were out running some errands. I cleaned out a bunch of things from the attic above the cars and piled the boxes near the front of the open garage. Having gone up and down my ladder with boxes (while not super heavy) all morning left me pretty fatigued and sweaty. 

It was still the middle of the afternoon and I was hoping to finish up, shower, and maybe jack off before the family got home. Three kids later, the wife wasn't as generous with sex anymore so I re-learned how to take care of myself. Not that I don't miss the passionate sex we used to have, I just gave up on getting a blowjob ever again, sad as it is.

I went back up to get the last box but in my fatigue missed a step. I tried to grab a side plank but failed and instead went through the drywall floor. Well, not entirely. I had been wedged in-between two planks since I was pretty triangular of a build. I had a home gym and kept in shape as best I could. A bit of a belly but still strong as ever.

So now here I was, stuck halfway through the roof of the garage. I tried to pull myself up but either couldn't get leverage, was too tired, or was stuck on something. Maybe all three. Either way, I wasn't going anywhere.

Luckily the way I was stuck wasn't painful but I couldn't move. For whatever reason I yelled "HELLO!?" thinking someone would come to find me but instantly felt stupid for it. The family was gone and while the garage door was open, the boxes blocked most of the view to the street so it wouldn't have been obvious to anyone I'd be lucky enough to have pass by. 

If I knew someone was walking by I'm sure I could yell to get their attention (if they didn't have headphones in) but I didn't want to yell for an hour hoping someone would find me. The family should be back within an hour or so. They'll laugh at finding daddy coming through the roof but my wife will get the ladder so I can climb out of here and then chastise me for not paying attention.

Sigh.

Fifteen minutes or so went by as I hung there. I tried to make a game out of it by counting the rafter beams, or swinging my legs for a light ab workout, but was getting bored. I tried to get out again but determined I must be stuck on something.

I wiggled my hips to try and figure out what it was. Something was preventing me from pulling myself up and thought it must be something on the bottom of my shirt or my sweatpants. 

I thought that if I went down a little lower, whatever was stuck would unstick and then I could pull myself free. It took another couple minutes of trying to squeeze myself further into the hole but finally eureka! I felt something give.

It was the undeniable rip of my sweatpants but fuck it, I can always get my wife to stitch them back up. Two things became very apparent to me very quickly though. One, my squeezing further into the hole sealed my fate of actually being stuck. Without the leverage of something beneath me I was staying put. 

Second, the rip to my pants must have been the waist, and the phone in my pocket weighed them down. And down. And down...

"You've got to be fucking kidding me."

So now, not only was I stuck in my garage ceiling and my pants ripped, I was naked from the waist down. "Great day to not wear underwear, asshole."

Well my wife and kids finding me would be a little less fun this way, for everyone. Luckily my ass was hanging towards the driveway so they wouldn't see my exposed cock and nuts but seeing Dad's hairy ass probably wasn't on their to-do list.

I decided to give myself one last attempt at freedom and used all my muscles in my arms I could muster. My legs ran in place attempting to help me but alas, nothing.

"FUCK!" I cursed.

Last fucking time I clean the attic.

I catch my breath as I hear the unmistakable pitter patter of footsteps. "Hello?" a cautious voice calls out.

Shit! Of course someone is passing by NOW. "I'm fine, go away!" I yell instinctively.

I'm not sure why being rescued is less desirable than a stranger seeing me naked like this. I mean, I'm fit, my cocks a good size (6 hard and pretty thick), maybe a little hairier than most but overall a good looking guy. It's just the shame of the situation.

"Ha, you don't look fine." The guy gives a light chuckle. I can tell he's behind me getting an eye full of my round ass. 

Sigh. "Yeah, I'm not. I fell through while moving some boxes and... fate is out to get me today I guess."

"Well one man's trash is another's treasure."

What the hell? Did he say this situation was treasure?

"Um, yeah. Can you grab my ladder? If that's under me I think I can push up and out of this wedge."

Silence. "Hey, guy?"

I think I hear footsteps but it's hard to tell. He's probably wearing running shoes so I can't really hear him. Did he leave?

*click*

The unmistakable sound of a phone camera.

"What the fuck man?! Did you just take a picture of me?!"

"Yes, only your butt. To remember this laughable situation."

"Well I'd fucking appreciate it if you didn't and get me the fuck out of here."

I couldn't help my anger starting to boil. It's one thing to be found by a stranger but thinking photos of me could leak on the internet was a different story.

"Oh my..." he says.

*click*

"Dude what the fuck?!"

"Sorry, after seeing your dick I couldn't help myself."

"You fucking fag!"

"And those balls."

I felt his finger tips graze my scrotum which set me into a fury. I kicked my legs out at him but there were still bound by my sweatpants. I only kicked air.

"Ah, ah ah" the stranger said. "You wouldn't want me sending these photos to everyone in the neighborhood would you?"

No, I wouldn't.

I calmed my legs down and let them hang limply again. 

"No I know a way we can both help each other out."

"And what's that?" I ask through gritted teeth.

"You married?"

"And three kids. Straight as an arrow."

"Funny thing about arrows, they bend in flight. Anyway, when's the last time you got a good blowjob?"

"What?!"

"When's the last time your wife gave you a really great blowjob?"

"That's none of your Goddamn business."

"Ah, I see. When's the last time you had ANY blowjob?"

I remained silent. I couldn't think of a good lie but the truth is it had been years.

He continued to speak. "You see, I'm kind of addicted to cock. I've become a bit of an expert in my addiction, but it's been a couple weeks since I've blown anyone new."

He was behind me now as he placed an open palm on my ass. "So, that's how we can help each other."

"You want to give me a blowjob."

"Correct."

"You want to GIVE me a blowjob, and then help me out?"

"Seems like a good deal to you, yes?"

I mean, fuck yeah it did. I'm not gay, really I'm not. Unlike a lot of guys in high school I never messed around with any of my guy friends but still, it had been years. And I couldn't see him at all so in my mind I could just pretend it was Scarlet Johansen or Emma Stone or whoever the fuck I wanted it to be. 

"Is that a deal?"

"I mean, what do you need me to do?"

"Ideally, just not strangle me with your thighs and I'll do the rest."

I did contemplate it, but then I'd be where I started and he may turn violent too. I'm the one in the compromising position.

"Okay, deal."

"Oh goody!"

I felt both of his hands on my ass this time while he planted a big kiss on one cheek. Gross.

The stranger pulled something over towards us. It sounded like maybe a one of our plastic storage bins but I'm not sure. I estimated that my cock was probably only 6 feet off the ground but figured he'd need to get a little higher.

The first touch was tentative. His hands on my soft cock made me second guess my decision. This was a guy afterall. I couldn't will myself to forget that. This was wrong.

And then he took me into his mouth.

My abs convulsed by instinct. It was a feeling I'd missed for so long. He sucked and swirled his tongue around my hardening cock and I'm embarrassed to say how quickly I got hard. "Oh wow, you're a thick guy."

"Ha, thanks." Wait, why the fuck am I thanking this pervert? Well, he is giving me head...

*click*

"Hey! No pictures!" 

"That wasn't part of the deal. And what do you care, your face isn't in them. They're just for me. Promise."

"No, seriously. Delete those pic..."

He took me back into his mouth and it shut me up. God he was good. This guy definitely had practice with a cock and probably with someone as thick as me because he managed to take almost all of me into him. 

And like a pro fag, he even popped my balls into his mouth to give my cock a break. While he pumped my wet shaft with his hands he sucked and licked on each nut separately. Taking my cock back into his mouth, his hands grabbed my firm ass from behind. 

I actually started to rock into him. It felt so fucking good. His fingers snaked their way back towards my ass hole but I stopped him and rocked away, cock popping out of his mouth. 

"No way. Don't touch my asshole. I'm not gay."

"You don't trust me by now? I can make a little prostate stimulation feel really good."

"I said no. Blowjob only."

"Sigh, have it your way Mr. Boring Married Man."

I resented that. Was I really boring because I didn't want to be finger fucked by a guy? A stranger even?

He got back to work on my cock and really focused on the head. He was edging me and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold on for much longer.

"I think I'm gonna cum soon man."

He just continued to work. Nervous he didn't hear me, I said it again. Not sure why I cared to be polite about accidently cumming in his mouth.

"Dude, you're about to make me cum. Get off unless you want my load down your throat."

He popped off so I figured he finally heard me but unexpectedly he said "feed me, daddy" and engulfed me again. Fuck, this guy was gonna swallow too.

I felt the pressure building and tried to hold it back. Once I got to the peak I felt his finger once again find my asshole but not timidly. This guy shoved his finger fully into me all at once and I kid you not, it was the best feeling of my life. His finger deep into my ass, cock in his mouth, balls in his other hand, I exploded.

Rope after rope I shot into this guy's mouth. It'd had been a while since I jacked off too so the amount must have been immense. The waves of euphoria were unlike anything I'd ever felt sexually or otherwise. I actually moaned out loud like a pornstar. I always thought they were faking it until now.

A long slurping sound later, he unsuctioned himself from my defeated dick. "I take it you liked it then?"

"Fuck..." was all I could get out between breaths. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I'd like to finish too."

"Umm, I'm not sure what that means."

"Don't worry, nothing gay for you Mr. Straight Married Man. I'm just gonna jack off real quick looking at that cock of yours."

"Ugh, fine." I was still spent and had no energy to argue. I just had the best blowjob of my life and was soon going to be free from my embarrassing prison. 

I heard the ladder, I think, being dragged over towards me. Did he finish already?

I tentatively reached a foot out for it but found only air. "Um, guy?"

"I'm not done yet, sheesh. Hold your horses."

I soon heard the sound of a guy jacking off. He got handsy with me but I decided to just bite my tongue, wanting him to finish as fast as possible. It didn't take him that long until he warned me, "Okay, here it comes."

I wasn't expecting him to cum onto me, and I definitely didn't expect him to come on my ass! "Dude!? What the fuck!?"

"Ahhhh, that felt amazing." I'm pretty sure he slapped my ass a couple times with his still-hard cock.

"Fucking gross man!"

"Sorry, couldn't resist. That ass is to die for. Sure you don't want me to fuck you too?"

"I'm FUCKING positive!" I yell.

"Whoa, whoa, okay, okay. Thought I'd ask."

"Well the answer is fucking no. Now bring that damn ladder over here so I can wipe this shit off me."

"Okay, okay. One last photo though."

*click*

"Stop!"

"I couldn't help it, I needed to get a picture of me marking you."

Like a fucking dog? Marking me? Little did he know, when I got out of here I was gonna get him and break that fucking phone. I imagined he'd run when he gave me the ladder but I was fast.

"Whatever man, just bring me the ladder."

"I actually don't think that's a good idea."

"What the hell!? We had a deal!!" I was furious. I started to flail my legs, my semi-soft cock slapping against my thighs. 

"I know, I know. But I don't think you're going to be too kind to me when you get free. And I'd much prefer your wife to find you like this. Another guy's cum on your ass."

"YOU FUCKING MOTHER FUCKER!!"

"Well, Daddy fucker maybe."

"GET ME DOWN!!"

*SLAP*

He slapped me hard against my right cheek. "Until next time stud."

"GET BACK HERE!!"

I writhed and wiggled for a few minutes, fuming with anger. After a bit longer though, I determined he had gone. I again was trapped with no hope of rescue. And honestly, no desire for rescue now either.

As I hang there, remnants of my spent cock dripping to the floor and the mysterious stranger's cum drying on the globes of my ass, I hear our minivan pull up into our driveway. How was I going to explain this...