 Name: Simon Collel 
Age: 23
Status: Recently Single, submissive 
Sex: Male
Kinks: Biting, spanking, light BDSM
STDs: clean
Other: shy, newby, needs persuasion sometimes

 I let out a short exhale as I went over my new slaves very short personnel file he sent to me. He was due any minute....oh, I think I heard him.

 He walked into my home, and kneeled beside the now closed door. He was sure to do everything very quietly, but I didn't know why. He was right on time, I told him to let himself in, he was doing very well so far, he even took off his T-Shirt, jeans, socks and shoes and carefully folded them next to him. He bows his head and I see him starting to sink into subspace. His shoulders relax, but he sits up a little taller. He spreads his legs about feet length apart and puts his arms behind him, a stipulation I added because I didn't want him grabbing me. 

 "Hello, you must be Simon. You are the cutest little slave I have ever seen" I cooed . Simon blushed a little at my words, he mentioned that he was new at this, so it was good to start them off slowly and with praise. 

 With his head still bowed I faintly heard him mutter a "yes master", I put my hand on his shoulder and he jumped a little.

 "Shhhh, Simon, relax" I rubbed his shoulder a little then stood up and pulled his hair forward. He rose up onto his hands and knees, hissing out air. I attached a thick leather collar and a standard silver chain around his thin neck. He gulped and let out another small sigh. "Follow me, keep your head down, just trust me" I stated. 

 I started to walk down the hall and then down a short two steps into my bedroom/dungeon. He struggled a little on the steps, I giggled and I see him smile a bit as he crawls slightly faster to catch back up to me. 

 "Ok, Simon. Stop. Sit." I said in a firm voice. He juts suddenly to a hault, his breathing has picked up a little bit, and I can see his dick straining against his underwear, maybe a half chub? I question. He wiggles around a little bit under my gaze. 

 "Stay still, slave" I snap, as I continue to stare at him. I need to figure out where to start with him. I've never had someone so innocent! 

 "M-master?" I suddenly hear, Simon has his head slightly up so he can see me better. 

 "Yes, my pet?" 

 "I-uh. Will you-umm....will you please spank me?" Simon starts to blush furiously and his dick starts to grow larger. 

 I grabbed his wrist and stood him up, I started kissing him and I shoved my tongue into his mouth earning a moan from him. "oh my slave, of course I will", he is staring at me so I signal him to look down again. He obliged and started to pant. "Get on all fours and raise that pretty little ass for me, got it?" 

 I kneeled down beside him, god he is so hot. He has such a nice ass. I wonder how good it would look with a deep red tint to it. "Good boy," I say while running my hand through his hair. My left hand grips the top of his head and pulls it back so he finally looks up and forward. He squeezes his eyes slightly in pain but opens them again and looks at me. 

 "What's the matter slave? Getting turned on?" I start the first set of spankings. "You" smack "are" smack "mine." smack "got" smack "it?" smack. 

 My horny little slave arched his back in pleasure. He started moaning more, "Please master!"*moannn* "please! I need more" hmmm not so innocent? 

 "What kind of more, slave? Isn't this enough for you? I think you should be thanking me!" I give him one harder smack, he yelps a bit.

 "Ahh, oh, thank you master! Thank you for spanking me! Please I need more. Please I need you to screw me! please!" Simon is not full on pouting at me! Pouting! Fuck that's really hot.....

 "Shhhh my pet, don't you worry, I will screw you eventually. But right now we still need to lay down some ground rules" 

 Simon now with his head drooped down towards the floor, trying to stay quiet and obedient whispered "what kind of rules, master?" I push his butt down so he is in a seated position once more. 

 "First rule, no more speaking unless I tell you to. Second, the next time I spank you, count each one out loud. If you miss a number or say anything more than that number or a safeword I will start over. Third, never ever forget the safe words. Forget them and we will cease to see each other in this setting. And finally, if you ever and I mean ever, hurt yourself. I will pay for all of your counselling needs because I care about you." A long silence goes by and he hasn't even flinched. "Speak, boy." I say. 

 "Yes master." He responds. 

 "Good boy, now we can finally get started. Get onto the bed." 

 Simon scrambles on his hands and knees then did a sort of jump up onto the bed. 

 "Spread yourself out. Nice and wide" 

 The little slave put his arms and legs out as far as he could go, I got onto the bed and straddled him. I was still fully dressed in sweatpants and a light T-shirt and small underwear. I rubbed myself up against his dick and he immediately let out a long groan and closed his eyes. His leash was wound around my hand and I pulled at it to get rid of any slack there was. His head was pulled up a bit off the pillow and I began to kiss him, and nibble on his ear. 

 "Oh fuck, master! Pleas-" he was cut off by my hand covering his mouth and me hushing him with a quick twist to his right nipple. 

 "Slave. What did I say? No talking unless I say so! You need to be punished." I say in a low tone. "I think worship is the best punishment for chatty slaves." I climb off of Simon and take off my pants and shirt. Now I stand before him only in my boxers and I unravel the rest of Simon's leash and guide him off the bed and onto the floor. 

 "Now, my little slave. I told you not to talk, and you disobeyed me. Your punishment is to suck my cock without your hands. Now speak so I know you understand."

 "Umm Master, I never sucked another guys cock before. My ex-girlfriend used a strap on sometimes, but never the real deal. How do I even-?" He left his question incomplete. 

 I looked down at his innocent, questioning face and let our a small sigh and out my hands on my hips. He's quickly slipping out of subspace and back into Simon. Shit. "Ok, sub. I'll make this easy for you". I removed my boxers by myself, though I would have preferred he did it slowly, so he could learn how to take an order without thought. My cock was revealed and Simon looked really scared and unsure. "Open your mouth, like you are at the dentist" I instructed him. 

 It looked like Simon was starting to freak out a little, but he opened his mouth anyway, I took my cock in my hand in pushed part of it into his mouth. Oh god, he's so warm and moist. Fuck. I let out a groan as he began to suck a little too hard. "Ah, easy. Just slowly begin to lick from here to here, then try to take as much as you can into your mouth." 

 Simon closed his eyes and followed my commands. His scrunched face slowly relaxed as he began to work up a steady rythym and he seemed to enjoy it. He let out a groan that sent vibrations up my cock. Oh god! That feels so good. His rythym is more frequent, and he tries to jerk me off with one hand but I pin his hands behind his back and he groans again. Oh! He likes bondage, huh? I'll keep that in mind. 

 "Ok, slave, ok. You can stop now" I say. I'm on the verge of orgasming but i want to save that for another occasion. But Simon ignores my order, in fact, the little bitch speeds up. "Ahhhh fuck! Simon! Ohh simon. stop" I blurt out before I pull myself put of his mouth. Now I'm the one who's panting. "Simon. I need you" I have totally lost my control with him. I need this. 

 He looks at me with this victorious smile on his face. I lunge forward and push him onto his back. I am so hard and slick now, and I need his cute ass more than I could describe. I palm him through his boxers then stick my hand in. His cock is radiating heat and he pushes himself into my hand as he moans loudly. I bite down his neck making him start to mumble "master" over and over again. No. Not here. I raise to my feet and grab his arms, almost completely picking him up then pushing him backwards against the bed. 

 "Master. I-i have never done this with a real guy either. What do I do?" Simon said now not panicked but anxious for his turn to cum. 

 "You stop talking, before I beat your ass, and you relax and let me take care of you. You are safe with me I promise." 

 I resumed our previous position, me straddling him, but now his hands chained to the headboard. I shift my weight and I dip down and waste no time I begin to suck him off in passionate but rough movements. He cries out my name, and begs me to fuck him. Oh, I am so willing to oblige. I spread his legs open and pull a condom onto my cock, then adding a little extra lube to it. 

 "You aren't going to stretch me a little first?!" 

 "Simon. I'm working in it. But now after this you have just earned 10 more spankings. 7 with my riding crop. Now shush, or I'm gonna gag you. Got it?" Now I'm getting really annoyed. He has been dominated before, how soft was his Dom!? 

 I rubbed my fingers against my sheathed dick to gather a small amount of lube. I leaned back down on top of my eager and far too chatty sub, I kissed him gently as I slipped my first two fingers into his ass. He moaned into my mouth. I bit his lip to distract him, then I slid another finger in. 

 His moan turned to a groan of pain, "I know. I know, but I promise you the pleasure will be worth it, ok?" I whispered into his ear. I slowly circled inside of him, easing my fingers in and out while pushing against his walls. I pulled out my fingers, put my other hand over his mouth and started to push into his ass with my cock. 

 He wasn't yelling, per se, but Slave did make quite the racket as I entered him. Oh god he is so tight, I'm not sure I will be able to last like this. 

 "Agh, ahhh master, ooo it hurts." He whined through my hand. I stroked his hair and kept going, I slowly drive myself deeper and deeper into him until I was all the way in. 

 "Ok Simon, I'm going to move around a bit. You'll be ok, just relax yourself a little." I braced my arms on both sides of his head, and slowly started to pump myself inside him. Now his cries of pain turned to cries of pleasure. 

 His cries began to get louder as I picked up my pace, his back arched off the bed and he grinded his hips into my pelvis and pushed me into my orgasm. "Jesus!". I cried out, I came into the little plastic sac as he tensed up too, just groaning. 

 "Now then, slave" I believe I owe you some beatings. Simon tensed up and whimpered, pushing himself against the pillows. "Don't worry, Simon, I'm not going to hurt you more than you handle, and we do have safe words for a reason. Right?" 

 He says nothing. "Slave, I asked you a question..."

 "Yes master, we do have safe words for a reason. B-but I have never been hit with a riding crop and I just-I uh..."

 God he is so cute when he is scared. "OK, I'll go very slow OK? Until you are comfortable. So first things first, I'm going to untie you." I lean over towards him and release his hands, I hover over him for a second. He is looking up at me and I think I see tears, I stroke his cheek a little bit and kiss him on the lips. I've never been good at comforting. "OK, next I'm going to sit on the edge of the bed and you are going to sit on my lap, understood?" 

 "Yes master" he stands up and crawls off the bed, wincing a little from our previous events. His soft, little ass sits down on my bare thigh and I start to get hard again. He buries his face in his hands, "are you embarrassed, slave?" I say half laughing. 

 "Well, I didn't think I had that affect on you. Master..."

 I ran my hand up and down his back "of course you do, you are my slave, and my slaves are all very sexy"

 OK. Enough of this feelings stuff, "now I am going to tease you, I'm going to make you BEG me to spank you and hit you with my riding crop" Slave kinda gave a half smile and scoffed a little. Is that a challenge? I took a hand full of his hair and bite his neck, his cock sprang up a bit and I kept my biting; up and down his neck. 

 He wiggle in my lap and surprises me when he grabs onto my shoulders and kisses me very hard. He actually pushes me backwards and lays very quick and aggressive kisses all over my neck and chest. I gasp "slave stop it! Ugh fuck. Please stop". And he does. He stops completely and returns to the edge of the bed. "What's next, master?"

 I'm panting, completely turned on and needing him again. "Now you lay across my lap and count each time I spank you. Don't miss one or we start over" 

 Simon kinda flops across my lap, his sweet ass high in the air. SMACK "one, master" SMACK "ahhh two, master" SMACK "three, master". This goes on till we get to 10, he's a mess; he's crying and panting, completely rock hard. "Please master! Please Fuck me! I need you! I need release!!" 

 "You still have 7 more, slave. Are you asking me to not punish my chatty little slut?" 

 Simon looks at the ground and then back up at me and sticks out his lip. He drops to the floor and grips my legs, pulling at then slightly. "Please master, don't punish me anymore. I'll be a good boy. I'll be your good little slut, I just want to pleasure my master." 

 I can't handle this. This slave is pushing buttons I didn't know I had. I let out abfrystrated groan. "Fine slave, but you are going to do whatever I ask of you. No hesitations."

 "Yes sir!" 

 "Get on your knees right now and bow your head to me. I'm going to get next to you and you are going to ride me. Got it?"

 "Whatever you want sir" Simon obeyed and sat down on the floor. His cock was straining towards his stomach. I grabbed another condom and lube, then told him to present his ass first. I put a global of lube on my fingers and pushed into his ass and he let out a groan of pleasure. "Now come here you slut, get on my cock." 

 Simon slowly lowered himself on my cock, I tilt my head back and grabbed his hips and pushed him the rest of the way down. I jerked my hips up and down and we moved in sync. "Faster you whore" I demand and he bucks his hips forward and back, "oh god I'm going to cum" he yells. I hit my breaking point with him and cum inside his tight ass. 

 Once we come down from our highs I spoon him on the floor, "so do you want to be my slave permentantly?" 

 A long pause passes 

 "Yes, master. I would."