 The Elevator 

Rafe could hardly wait for his lunch hour to come. But he wasn't hungry for food. He was hungry for the new elevator boy. The new boy was just the type Rafe lusted after. He was short and slim; probably five-six and maybe a hundred twenty pounds at the most. And he was young. All of the elevator boys the building employed were high school seniors who had already turned eighteen years old. And this one had a nice pretty face. Rafe had seen him when he was entering the building this Saturday morning and his cock had stirred at the sight of the boy. Yes, this boy was just the kind of white meat that Rafe loved to devour. 

Rafe had liked boys since he hit puberty at eleven years old. And the boys liked Rafe; especially the sissy boys. Rafe had grown to be a strapping black man of twenty. He wasn't that tall, just about five-eleven, but he was powerfully built; and very masculine. And he had a cock that made the sissy boys drool. It was a good nine inches long, thick and cut, and hard as a rock when Rafe was aroused. And Rafe liked to fuck the sissy boys with it and watch them squirm as he pushed it in and out of their little male pussys. 

But even better, Rafe liked to find the straight, white boys and entice them into his world of lust and passion. He liked the powerful feeling of turning them from pussy chasers into little sluts that begged to have him thrust his big dick into their eager mouths and tight asses. This is what the elevator boy had in store for him. Of course, Rafe would have to find the key to seducing the boy, but Rafe was expert at that. No boy could resist his advances when Rafe was determined to have him. 

His unknowing victim, Tim, sat on the stool right outside the elevator reading his world history text. But he was having trouble concentrating and his mind kept wandering to thoughts other than history. First Tim thought about this job. It had to be positively the cushiest part-time job a student could ask for. The owner of the building was an alumnus of Tim's all-boys college prep school. He liked to help students of his alma mater, so, among other things, he hired a senior on a part-time basis each semester. Tim worked for a couple of hours after school on each school day and six hours every Saturday as an elevator operator. The ten-story building had three freight elevators and one passenger elevator. Tim ran the push-button passenger elevator. You really didn't need an operator to sit and push buttons to take people to the right floor. The job was basically make-work during the week. On Saturdays, when the building was mostly empty, Tim's main job was to make sure none of the derelicts in the largely industrial area sneaked into the building to sleep. Mostly, Tim did his homework on the elevator. 

But today his thoughts kept returning to a magazine he had found on one of the work desks in the school library earlier in the week. It had been buried under some books and magazines and had taken him by surprise when he discovered it. The magazine was full of pictures of naked boys in various poses. In some of the poses the boys were kissing each other or fondling each other's hard cocks. Like most horny teenage boys Tim's hormones were working overtime. Tim became aroused by the pictures. As his cock hardened, his hand had drifted down between his legs where he rubbed his hot little prick till it was stiff and throbbing. He stopped short of making himself cum and quickly hid the forbidden magazine in his school bag and hurried to the bathroom. He locked the door behind him, dropped his pants to the floor and sat on the toilet. Tim found a picture of two boys kissing that he thought was very erotic and began to stroke himself. Faster and faster, he stroked his five-inch cock till he lost all control and, gasping, began to cum. 

He came in the toilet bowl. He was pretty accurate at doing that, as he jacked off once or twice each day. Like most teenage boys, he was obsessed with sex. Before today, though, he had always sought relief with girls or images of girls. He had dated a few girls and had French kissed a couple, felt a couple of them up, and even managed to get one to open her blouse for him. All of that had turned him on, but now he was somewhat confused by the way his body responded to the images of the boys with each other. He wanted to take the magazine with him for later, but he was also afraid of being caught with it. So he tossed it in the bathroom trash, put himself back together and left the library to go to work. 

As he remembered all of this, Tim started getting aroused again. He visualized the picture of the boys kissing and began rubbing his cock again. No! He couldn't do this at work. Even though the elevator was shielded from the lobby sight lines by a wall, Tim couldn't risk losing control and cumming while someone walked in or buzzed for the elevator. Tim got control of himself and then looked at the time; two o'clock, time for him to lock the front door of the building. There was only an hour left till quitting time. Tim locked the front door and headed back to the elevator and sat on his stool. Then he heard steps on the stairs leading from the second floor to the lobby. It was a young, solidly built black man, a few inches taller than Tim. 

"Hi, there!" The young black man smiled at him. 

"Hi." Tim responded. 

"I'm Rafe. I work for the printer on the fourth floor." The young black man said offering his hand. 

"I'm Tim." Tim answered and shook the man's hand. Rafe noted how soft and smooth the boy's hand felt. 

"I'm on my lunch hour. Is it okay if I hang out here and talk with you?" Rafe asked. 

"Sure, it's nice to have some company." Tim responded. 

"Your boss already gone for the day?" Rafe inquired. 

"Yeah, I'm really the only one left in the building, except for you guys on four." Tim answered. 

"You must be one of the guys from that boys school." Rafe said. 

"Yeah, I'm from St. Regis." Tim responded. 

"You a senior?" Rafe asked. 

"Yeah," Tim replied. "You have to be a senior and eighteen to get the job here." 

"That's cool." Rafe said. "You like high school?" 

"It's okay; I mean, I have to go." Tim answered. 

"I miss it." Rafe said wistfully. 

"When did you graduate?" Tim asked. 

"Two years ago." Rafe replied. "I really miss the dating scene in school. You dating anyone right now?" 

"I'm kind of in between girl friends right now." Tim answered. 

"I bet going to an all-boys school you probably get hit on by guys all the time." Rafe stated. 

"No, not really, that hasn't happened." Tim said, a little shocked. 

"Just figured with you being good looking and all that there must have been some boys who tried to get into your pants." Rafe smiled as he noticed Tim's cock twitch at the direction of the conversation. 

"No." Tim responded. 

"You play any sports?" Rafe asked. 

"No. Between homework and having to work part-time I don't have a lot of time for sports." Tim said. "I was on the swim team in freshman year, but had to drop out." 

"That's too bad. But I bet you looked really sexy in those racing trunks." Rafe smiled, sensing an opening. 

"Thanks." Tim responded warily. 

"I'll bet this stuck out real nice in those tight trunks." Rafe said and put his hand on Tim's crotch and gently squeezed his cock. He could feel the white boy's prick begin to grow at his touch. 

"Uh, please don't do that." Tim said, pushing Rafe's hand away. But he had hesitated just a bit and his cock had begun to tent in his jeans. 

"Don't you like being touched, boy?" Rafe asked softly as he put his hand back on Tim's crotch, squeezing and stroking it, making it harder. 

"Boys shouldn't do that to each other." Tim gasped, pushing Rafe's hand away again. 

"Boys do lots of things to each other." Rafe said. "I do lots of things to boys." And he put his hand back on Tim's crotch and began to squeeze and caress his now-throbbing cock. 

Tim was finding it difficult to summon the strength to resist Rafe's touch. The pictures from the magazine began to flood his mind. 

"Please, don't." Tim said weakly and pushed Rafe's hand away again. 

"What's the matter, baby? Don't you like when I pet your cock?" Rafe smiled. He noticed the boy's little prick do a little push-up when he called him "baby." Maybe this was the key to the boy's defenses. Rafe put his hand back on Tim's crotch and squeezed his now-hard cock. 

"I . . . I've never done anything with a guy." Tim gasped as Rafe continued his attentions. But he didn't push Rafe's hand away this time. 

"Aren't you curious, honey?" Rafe asked, continuing to rub the boy's member. 

"Maybe a little curious." Tim replied, squirming on the stool as his pre-cum began to wet his crotch. 

"Let Rafe satisfy your curiosity, baby." Rafe smiled invitingly, continuing to rub the boy's crotch. "Tell Rafe what you're curious about." He coaxed. 

"Do . . . do you ever kiss boys?" Tim blurted out. 

"I love kissing boys like you." Rafe smiled as he moved his head towards Tim. 

Rafe ran his fingers through Tim's hair. He cupped the back of Tim's head with his hand and then covered Tim's lips with his. Rafe insinuated his tongue into the boy's mouth and his tongue massaged the boy's tongue. Tim tried to back away, but Rafe's hand holding his head in place made it impossible. Now the boy began to squirm as Rafe's hand teased his throbbing cock while Rafe's tongue explored his sweet mouth. 

As Tim opened his mouth wider to get Rafe's tongue deeper inside of him, Rafe stood the boy up and slid his hand from Tim's head down to his ass. Rafe began to knead Tim's ass-cheeks as he massaged his wet crotch. Then Rafe broke the kiss and led Tim into the elevator. Rafe pressed the button for "ten" and wrapped his arms around the boy as the elevator began to ascend. 

"Where are we going?" Tim gasped. 

"To the men's room on ten, baby." Rafe answered. "There's no one on that floor on Saturday." 

"I don't think I can do this." Tim protested as the elevator door opened on ten and Rafe led him by the hand into the hall. 

Tim made a move to return to the elevator, but Rafe grabbed him and pulled the boy against his body. 

"You're mine now, honey." Rafe said as he plunged his tongue into Tim's yielding mouth. 

Tim opened his mouth wide, hungrily returning Rafe's kiss. Rafe could feel the boy melt into him as he caressed and kneaded the boy's little ass-cheeks. He knew that he had him now. Rafe stopped the kiss and led Tim into the men's room and flicked on the light. Once again, he plunged his tongue into the boy's yielding mouth and violently kissed him while he undid the zipper and button on Tim's jeans and dropped them to the floor. Then he pulled the boy's briefs down, exposing his pulsating little prick. Rafe stopped the kiss and lifted Tim, sitting him on the vanity counter. 

"Oooo, look at this pretty, little peenie!" Rafe exclaimed. 

Tim's cock was hard and throbbing. The head was wet with pre-cum. Rafe stroked it gently and watched it quiver at his touch. 

"Mmmm, Rafe likes uncut little sissy boys." He purred as he wrapped his hand around the boy's prick and coaxed his foreskin down the hard shaft of his cock. Tim groaned with pleasure. 

"Do you like, Rafe's touch, little bitch?" He asked the boy as he ran his thumb and forefinger over the boy's now exposed glans. 

"Oh, yes! Please!" Tim gasped. "That feels soooo good." 

"That's right; be Rafe's good little sissy boy. Rafe is going to suck all of the juices out of your little prick now." 

And Rafe bent down and licked the boy's shaft from his balls to the moist head glistening with pre-cum. Tim gasped as Rafe sucked his cock into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue and his lips. 

"Oh yes! Oh Yes! Please! Please!" Tim was begging as he surrendered to Rafe's mouth. 

Rafe worked the pulsating little white cock expertly with his tongue and lips. He loved the feel of the boy's cock as it trembled against his tongue. He had the boy writhing on the counter and moaning with pleasure as Rafe licked and sucked on the little joystick. Finally, the boy could take no more. His body stiffened. His little cock began to squirt its love juices into Rafe's imprisoning mouth. 

"Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!" Tim cried as the spasms of his orgasm shook him violently and he felt his cum flowing out of his cock as Rafe sucked him dry. 

Tim collapsed against the mirrored wall in back of him. Rafe's mouth released his cock and Rafe slipped his hand up the boy's shirt. Rafe's mouth covered Tim's as Rafe teased the boy's hard little nipples with his finger as he emptied the last load of Tim's cum into the boy's mouth. As Tim tasted his own cum, Rafe picked him up off the counter and held him close. Then Rafe placed his hands on Tim's shoulders and coaxed him down to kneel before him. 

"Now you're going to take care of Rafe's needs, little sissy boy." Rafe said as he undid his jeans and dropped them to the floor, followed by his boxer shorts. 

Rafe's big, black cock stood hard and throbbing, the head moist with pre-cum. 

"Take Rafe in your mouth, baby." The black man instructed, placing his hands on Tim's head and drawing him towards his cock. 

Tim was mesmerized by this huge, throbbing organ in front of him. The smell emanating from it was intoxicating. Tim stuck his tongue out and licked the tip of the pulsating cock. He wrapped his hand around the base feeling it throb in his hand as if it had a life of its own. Then Tim opened his mouth and drew the moist head in. 

"That's it, little bitch. Take a little bit at a time till you swallow it all." Rafe coaxed as he pressed his cock further into Tim's mouth. 

Rafe backed off as Tim began to gag. But when the gagging subsided, Rafe pushed more of his cock into the boy's mouth. After awhile the whole thing was finally in and Rafe began to slowly fuck the white boy's mouth with his throbbing organ. 

Tim did not understand what his body was feeling. Here he was, on his knees, sucking on the biggest cock he had ever seen in his life. He should be disgusted by what he was doing. But he wasn't! He liked the feeling of helplessness down on his knees. He liked the feel and taste of the pulsating prick in his mouth. He was filled with lust! His own nipples were hard; his little prick was growing again! He wanted more! He grabbed Rafe's ass-cheeks and began to squeeze and knead as his passion consumed him. 

"That's it, little sissy, worship Rafe's love stick; become Rafe's cock-slave." Rafe ordered. 

Then Rafe's cock stiffened even more. It shot a huge load of cum into Tim's mouth. Tim tried to back off, but Rafe's hands held him imprisoned on the exploding cock. 

"Take it all, bitch! Swallow Rafe's cum, boy!" Rafe cried as load after load of cum filled Tim's mouth. 

Tim was swallowing as fast as he could, but he couldn't manage it all. Cum began to leak from the sides of his mouth, down his chin and onto his chest. As Rafe continued to plant his semen in the boy's mouth, Tim lost control of his own body. He could feel Rafe's semen slide down his throat and into his tummy. Tim held on to Rafe's ass for dear life as his little white prick began to shoot another load of cum onto the bathroom floor. 

Then Rafe's cock stopped spasming. Rafe slowly withdrew it from Tim's mouth. Tim knelt on the floor before him, resting on his haunches, exhausted and completely sated. Rafe reached down and drew Tim to his feet. He wrapped his arms around the boy and kissed him deeply, plunging his tongue into Tim's now eager mouth. 

"Did you like that, baby? Did you like the way Rafe made you feel?" Rafe asked. 

"Oh yes. I've never felt anything like this in my life." Tim replied. 

"Good boy." Rafe said. "Rafe has a lot more to teach you; a lot more for you to experience. I want you to come home with me after work." 

"I . . . I want to, Rafe, but I can't today. My folks are picking me up." 

"Okay, boy. I understand. I want you to tell your folks that you're going to sleep over with one of your suburban school mates next Friday night. Pick someone they trust and won't bother to call. Then you can come to my place after work on Friday." Rafe instructed. 

"I never really spend the night with anyone." Tim said. 

"You're a creative boy. Figure it out." Rafe ordered. "I have a lot to teach you." 

"Okay, Rafe, I'll figure it out." Tim acquiesced. 

"Good boy!" Rafe complimented him. "But now I got to get back to work." And Rafe pulled up his boxers and pants. 

Rafe's Place 

Tim was conflicted about what had happened to him. He knew, on an intellectual level that what he had done with Rafe was wrong. Society told him so. Boys should not have sex with boys. It was considered perverted and abnormal. But on a physical level, he could not forget how he had felt at Rafe's touch, how he had responded to Rafe's insistent control of his body. Whenever his mind drifted to the experience in the elevator and the tenth floor men's room, his breath would become short, his heart would race, and his cock would grow hard remembering how Rafe had sucked the cum out of it. He had dreamt of his encounter with Rafe every night since and had awakened to find himself grinding his cock into his mattress and spewing cum all over . But Tim knew he must do the "right" thing. He must not allow a repeat of his encounter with Rafe. He feared that he would not be able to resist Rafe if he were alone with him again. He must avoid Rafe at all costs. 

Rafe gloried in his easy triumph over the elevator boy. But he also realized that the boy was not completely his yet. But he was primed! Rafe could tell that the boy loved to be controlled. Rafe needed to get him into an environment where he was totally dependent on Rafe for his very safety and well-being. Then Rafe could control him and bend him to his will. The boy was certainly afraid of what was happening to him. So Rafe needed to keep up the pressure and keep him horny till he could get him alone on Friday and train the boy to be the sissy that Rafe knew was inside of him. Rafe wanted this boy and he was going to have him! 

Tim successfully avoided Rafe on Monday and Tuesday. But even though there was no personal contact, Rafe still found a way to stay in his consciousness. When Tim opened his locker on Monday afternoon, he found an envelope that Rafe had slid into it. The envelope contained an eight by ten picture of a nude black boy standing behind a shorter nude white boy. The black boy had his arms around the white boy. One hand was on the white boy's tit, pinching his nipple. The other hand was wrapped around the white boy's erect cock. The black boy's mouth was on the white boy's neck. He almost looked like a vampire sucking the blood out of his victim. The white boy had one arm thrown around the black boy's neck. His eyes were closed and he had a look of pure lust on his face. "You are mine!" Rafe had printed at the bottom of the picture. He had also written a note on the back of the picture: 

"You are mine! You are my sissy. You are my bitch. You are my whore. You are my cunt. You are my pussy. I lust after your sexy little body. I long to feel you beneath me as I fuck the manhood out of you and make you my bitch. I want to hear you beg for my cock! You will come to me on Friday. I will train you. I will possess you. You cannot resist me. You are mine!" 

Tim almost melted as he read the note and then looked at the picture again. He felt weak at the knees and had to sit down and collect himself before he was able to go up to his elevator. He still resolved to avoid Rafe, but all he could think of was the picture of the white boy possessed by the black boy. He had to resist. He had to! 

Wednesday was worse. Rafe got on the elevator. There was another person on the elevator, going to three, and Rafe requested four. But he didn't get off on four. When the door opened he pressed ten and when the door closed, he wrapped his arms around Tim and plunged his tongue into his mouth. At ten, Rafe pressed "four" and French kissed Tim all the way down. Tim was gasping for air when Rafe released him on four. 
