 Back when I was about 25, I had a steady girlfriend, who was awesome, but treated oral like a duty. She was good at it and never hesitated, but the enthusiasm for it didn't seem there. And she never swallowed. I'd had a couple of encounters with eaters, but nothing in a while. Some buddies of mine had regular nights where we got together to watch ice hockey, usually at the same friend's house. One night I got a call that hockey night would be at a guy named Dennis' house. Dennis was a friend of a friend. I'd met him a few times, but had never hung out with him. 

Hockey went good and, as typical, the trash talk was outstanding! At one point I had to use the bathroom, but the front bathroom was occupied. I went to the master bathroom and as I got ready to have a seat, I saw what looked like porn mags through a partially open drawer. I opened it up and, sure enough, skin mags. I pulled a hand full out and began to leaf through. After a couple of standard titty mags I found a stunner, a guys giving guys blowjobs mag. Really? Dennis got off on cocksuckers! When I finished my business, I put the mags back, but left the drawer partially open, the guy-guy mag on top, then went back to the game.

I stopped drinking at that point, but Dennis kept tilting beers. At one point, he went to the can in the master bedroom. When he came back, he gave me a quick, furtive, glance. He continued up the banter with everyone, but wouldn't look at me the rest of the night. As everyone began to leave, I stuck around until it was just Dennis and me. We BSed for a while more until, outta the blue, he asked if I liked the mags in the bathroom. I said I enjoyed them, especially the blowjob mag. He gave me a strange look, like it was impolite to mention a guy-guy BJ mag. I let it hang there for a few seconds and said I didn't care if guys liked giving other guys head. I said I'd even let another guy suck me off. He turned away from me and picked up his beer and took a swallow. 

When he set it down, he looked at me and said he didn't know if he could ever suck another guy, but had thought about it. I hesitated for a moment and asked if he'd like to try now. He was real quick to say no, so I told him that I'd never tell another soul, and that after looking at the suck mag I'd been horny the rest of the night. I asked if he'd like to see my cock. He looked at me, but didn't answer. I stood up and began to unbutton my jeans, expecting him to stop me. When he didn't I unzipped and pulled my pants down, my half-erect cock now out in the open. I sat down again, with my pants around my ankles and began to fondle my cock. I asked if he thought my cock was too big? He stared at it and kinda shook his head no. I asked if he wanted a closer look. He looked up at me and I told him he'd never have a better chance to experiment. I think that's all it took. 

He stood up and walked over, kneeling on the floor in front of me, staring at my now fully erect cock. I didn't say anything and he just leaned forward toward me. Without any preliminaries, he opened his mouth and took in about half my cock. Very slowly, and with very little pressure, he sucked my cock out to the head, then took more of it into his mouth. He started a very slow in-out rhythm, his eyes closed the whole time. I'm pretty average in cock size, so I told him to try and take as much as possible. His rhythm began to increase as did the suction. I even felt an occasional use of tongue. We continued like this for about 10 minutes, until I felt like I could cum. I told him I was about to cum and apparently he decided to complete the task. About 30 seconds later I shot off into his mouth. He held still while I completed ejaculating. He must have swallowed because he stood up, went over and grabbed his beer and took a healthy pull. I almost laughed but figured that wouldn't be cool. 

He sat down as I pulled up my pants. All he said was thanks. I told him thanks and he could suck me any time he wanted. He said it'd probably be a one time experiment. I told him it was cool, but he could have my cock whenever he wanted. He said he wasn't queer and I told him I wouldn't care if he was, I was just offering him my cock if he ever got the urge. He again said it was a one-time thing. I told him it was cool and headed out to go home. As I was walking out, he said maybe I'll call you and we could try again. I said ok and headed home.