 My wife and I are both professionals and have been married for over six years. Unlike her, my job requires me to travel during the week. I'm a computer consultant and the nature of my business keeps me on the road from one project to the next and I'm always meeting new people to work with. 

Usually these relationships never get past the business stage, which is all right with me. I return to my wife on Friday night and everything is right with the world until Monday morning. However, that changed on my last project.

The project was in trouble from the day I arrived and it required working long hours every day to get things turned around. One of the guys I worked with was named Mark, a consultant for another company, who had been on the project two months before I arrived. He filled me in on all the problems and we became fast friends. 

One night after an extremely long day Mark asked if I'd like to get a drink after work and I readily agreed. Over drinks I learned that Mark had been married for three years and traveled just as much as I did. We talked about the pitfalls of traveling, missing planes and such, and how lonely it gets on the road. We both agreed that traveling sucked, but neither of us could afford to turn down the money. Clearly we had a lot in common.

For the rest of that week Mark joined me in my hotel room, he had a room in the same hotel but on another floor, where we would watch the tube and unwind while consuming some adult beverage. Then Friday came and we both left town to join our wives for the weekend. 

That following Monday we met back at work and picked up where we left off. Monday is always a long day and we decided to get some rest. We were somewhat caught up by Tuesday and Mark came to my room for a drink after work.

We got to know each other pretty well and I didn't think twice about it when Mark started talking about sex. He told me about the routine when his wife picks him up at the airport. She is so horny by the end of the week that she immediately pulls his cock out and starts working on it while he drives them home. 

He went into great detail about this routine and I found myself getting hard as a rock. I tried to shift around to give my cock some room to grow without him noticing. He continued describing how she takes his entire length down her throat and sucks his cock relentlessly until he blows a huge wad down her throat. She then gives him a kiss and zips him back up. 

That all sounded good until he got to the kiss. I'm not sure I would want to kiss my wife after swallowing my load. 

I reluctantly shared with Mark that my wife doesn't really like giving blowjobs and tends to stay in the conservative mode. I couldn't bring myself to tell him that she never lets me cum in her mouth. 

We spent the rest of the night watching the tube without much discussion. However, my cock stayed rock hard as I thought about the blowjob Mark described. No sooner had he left when I pulled my cock out and started jacking off. I came in record time making a mess in my hand.

The next day was horrible with one problem after another sitting on my desk. Mark joined me that evening to watch some tube and have a drink. My day was so bad that my drink turned into drinks and I began to feel better. 

"What is the problem your wife has with blowjobs...if you don't mind me asking?" Mark asked. 

"Well, I don't know. We have talked about it from time to time. She gets grossed out by the thought of having a cock in her mouth."

"Do you go down on her?"

"Yeah, when she let's me."

"Doesn't seem fair..."

Well, he was right. I love my wife, but always thought her problem was unfair. Once again I thought about Mark's wife tonguing his cock and found myself getting hard. I couldn't wait for him to leave so I could relieve myself, which is exactly what I did as soon as he left.

The rest of the week was spent watching the tube without much talking. We both enjoyed each other's company and didn't really need to talk to feel comfortable. Friday came and we both left for home. I must admit that I thought about Mark getting his cock sucked by his wife as I drove home with mine. However, she and I did spend a great deal of time in bed having wonderful sex. I was really missing it by the time Monday rolled around.

That Tuesday Mark came by and I half expected to hear tales of his wife's sloppy blowjob. I was almost upset when he didn't. We talked about our weekends and I did share with him my activities with my wife, but not in quite the detail he regularly used. I did notice that he was sporting an erection when he got up to fix his next drink. Normally I don't notice such things, but this time just happened to catch my eye.

With fresh drink in hand Mark changed the subject to a guy he met on his last project which was in Arizona. Bob, like us, was married and traveled a great deal. It turns out that Bob and Mark became good friends while on the project and still emailed each other occasionally now that they had moved on.

Mark downed his drink rather fast and fixed another. As he sank back down into the couch he asked, "Hey, can you keep a secret?"

"Sure" I said curiously. My ears definitely picked up.

"Well, one night after a few drinks Bob confessed to me that it was his custom to jack off in the evening before going to bed. In fact, he said he jacked off every night before going to bed when he was on the road. He said it helped him sleep."

"Um hm" I mumbled. 

"Well, before I know it, he asks me if I want to jack off with him. Before I could answer, he had his cock out and started stroking it right there in front of me!"

"You're shitting me!" I said picturing the scene in my mind.

"No. I looked over and he had his cock in his hand stroking like all hell." 

"I can't believe it! What did you do?"

"Well, nothing. He seemed perfectly content to stroke his cock; I mean he didn't seem to notice that I was even there. So I let him." 

"So what happened man? Did he cum?"

"Man, did he cum! He started really stroking hard and then climaxed big! His cock started spurting every where." 

I don't know why, but I could feel my face growing flush. Worse, I could feel my cock expanding. I decided to get up and fix another drink before Mark noticed. 

"Hey, can I ask you a question?" he asked once I returned. "When you cum, do you cum a little or a lot?" 

"Depends, I guess" feeling somewhat embarrassed. I was not used to talking like this. 

"When I cum it usually isn't more than a few squirts, you know" he said looking at me. 

"Yeah, that sounds about right."

"This guy let loose of this huge stream. I couldn't believe it. I mean it was almost like he was pissing except it was cum. It fucking went everywhere. Everything was soaked, his hand, cock, balls. Even his lap was completely drenched. I couldn't fucking believe it. He just stood up, and with cock in hand, walked to the bathroom and cleaned up. You should have seen the stain on his pants."

"Wow, no kidding. I guess you must have freaked out a little, huh?"

"Kinda, I guess. We talked about it and he said everyone jacked off, especially on the road. He just didn't see any reason to hide it. I had to agree with him. I mean, who doesn't jack off?"

"Exactly."

"This is between just you and me, right?"

"Sure man."

"Well, the next night he comes over and starts jacking off again. Except this time he asks if I want to join him. He started stroking that cock of his and I just watched for a moment. Then I thought 'what the hell'... so I hauled my cock out and started jacking off with him."

"No way!"

"Hey, I was going to jack off once I got back to my room anyway. It was a little weird at first, but then I started getting into it. I felt like I was back in high school or something. Before you know it I'm coming like crazy and so was he." 

At that moment I had this mental picture of the two of them sitting there on the couch, cock in hand jacking off. I hate to admit it, but even that was making me horny. 

"Now I didn't cum anywhere close to the amount he did. Those fucking bull nuts of his really produced some juice, let me tell you."

"Freaking unbelievable! What happened after that?" 

"It was so good we did it again the next night too. It sounds crazy, but we both came buckets." Mark looked away for a moment and then said, "In fact, we did it every night that week. By that time we had grown pretty casual about it all. I have to admit I was enjoying it. I mean, let's face it; it's definitely more fun to do it with someone."

"Did you tell your wife about it?"

"Are you kidding? I haven't told anyone but you and that's the way it will stay. I don't want people thinking I'm gay or anything, because I'm not. I am a happily married man and so was he. We just had a little fun, that's all. No harm in that, right?"

"Right" I said although I wasn't that sure. 

We sat in silence for quite a while and Mark made sure that once again this conversation was just between us. I assured him that I would not speak of it to anyone and he left. I was so glad when he did. My cock had been throbbing like mad since the beginning of his story and I had been hiding it the entire time he was there. 

He was right about one thing. I pulled my cock out as soon as the door shut and started jacking off. I couldn't get the two of them out of my mind. It just struck me as crazy. There was no way I would ever do something like that. Before I knew it I was coming all over my hand.

I couldn't get the picture of Mark and Bob out of my head that night while trying to go to sleep. I tried to imagine what it looked like when Bob came so much. I couldn't believe that I had cock on the brain. After tossing and turning it was apparent that I was not going to sleep. My cock was stone hard and every little move I made sent thrills through me. Even though I jacked off earlier, I grabbed my cock and stroked off again. Once I was soft I was able to go to sleep. 

The next day we went to work and everything was cool. I had to admit that I was looking at Mark in a slightly different light. After all, now I knew that he had jacked off with another guy. I know he wasn't gay, but still, who does that kind of thing? 

As we were getting ready to leave work Mark stopped by and asked if I was up for drinks. Now usually he just stopped by because we always had a drink after work. I figured he was feeling a bit self conscious about his disclosure and wanted to reassure him that everything was cool without directly mentioning the conversation. He smiled and said he would be over later.

Those images started playing through my head as I drove back to the hotel. I began to wonder if I was some sort of latent homosexual or something. I went to my room and fixed a drink and decided to call my wife. We talked for a while and I felt better. I wonder what she would think if she knew what I had been thinking. How would she react if I told her that I had jacked off with another guy in my hotel room? I'm sure she would absolutely flip out!

Mark came by and we watched TV for a while and talked about what had happened that day at work, but my mind was on our conversation from the night before. My curiosity was piqued and I wanted to talk about it, but I didn't know how to raise the subject. Then I decided I should just blow it off and forget about it.

"So have you ever done anything like that before?" Mark asked. 

I looked at him knowing exactly what he was talking about, but wanted to make sure.

"Done what?"

"You know do things with other guys" he said.

I looked at him for a moment trying to judge what I should say.

"Well no I haven't" I said truthfully. I could see that made him feel uncomfortable. "But I don't really see anything wrong with it" I said hoping to make him feel more at ease.

"So you wouldn't mind if I jacked off?" he asked. 

Man, I should have seen that one coming. I just took a strong pull off my drink and said, "No man, that's cool." Was he going to pull his freaking cock out? I was freaking out a little, but decided to just act cool like it didn't bother me. 

He reached for his zipper. I took another pull from my drink. I could see his cock poking out of his zipper from the corner of my eye. My god, I thought, he is actually going to do it. He is going to play with his cock right here in front of me!

"Do you want to do it with me?" he asked looking at me. He was holding his cock! I don't know why, but for just an instance, I actually thought about it. No one would know. It was a crazy idea, but no one would know. Then the voice of reason stepped in. This was too crazy. I can't do this. I'm not going to jack off in front of this guy. 

"No man, that's alright. Go ahead though, if you want." 

So I sat there while Mark started stroking his cock! I took a pull off my drink and tried to pretend like I didn't care. It bothered me that I was hard. I was hard as hell. I watched him from the corner of my eye. Is that what I look like when I jack off? He sure seems to be enjoying that. Pretty soon he is going to blow his wad and I am going to be sitting here like some kind of idiot, cock hard as hell, pretending like I don't care. 

"You know, maybe I will join you." I said it before I really thought about it. I didn't want to think about it because I would talk myself out of it again. I just reached for my zipper.

"Man I'm glad you said that" Mark said relieved. He stood up and started to remove his pants. I thought we were just going to sit there and jack off. I already had my cock pulled through my zipper. But that apparently was not the way to do it. I stood and removed my pants too. It felt pretty weird taking my clothes off in front of another guy, but what the hell I thought. I slipped off my pants and my erection sprang into view. I looked over to see Mark staring at it with a grin on his face.

"Nice cock, man." 

It sounded strange coming from him. I automatically looked down at his. It was a nice enough cock, I guess, I just couldn't bring myself to say anything. How do you compliment a guy on his cock?

"Man, this is making me so horny" Mark said grabbing his cock for a few quick strokes. "Ok man, let's get on the couch."

Mark was first and sat down on the couch against the armrest so that he was facing me. He had one leg up on the back of the couch and the other on the floor. He was totally exposed to me; legs spread wide open with his hand clutching his hard cock. 

I had just thought we would both be sitting on the couch looking at the TV or something. I was really caught off guard by the way he was looking right at me while holding his cock. I couldn't very well sit facing the TV with him sitting like that. He was looking at me with this shit eating grin so I sat at the other end of the couch, just like him.

We weren't touching or anything, but we were both looking at each other, butt naked, clutching our cocks. This is not what I had in mind. I felt totally exposed. No, it was more than that, I felt like I was on display. Mark started stroking his cock and I did too. It was all so fucking weird. I stroked my cock while staring at Mark stroking his cock. Of course he was staring at me doing the same thing. 

I realized that I had never seen another man hard before. I watched the way he played with his cock, the way he stroked it. I suddenly noticed that Mark's balls were shaven clean and he had trimmed his pubic hair as well. This afforded me a great view of his equipment and I have to say the whole thing was making me pretty horny. Well, actually I was already horny. Seeing him sit there playing with his cock like that made me even hornier. 

"I told you it was better doing it with someone" he said smiling looking straight at my dick. My mouth was dry and I could feel my heart beating. We pretty much avoided eye contact, but kept watching the other pull his cock.

We stroked our cocks for several minutes. It amazed me how exciting it was to watch another guy play with his cock. I felt like I was in a trance watching Marks hand twist and pull that cock of his back and forth. Without realizing it, I started doing exactly what he was doing.

At one point Mark scooted towards me on the couch. He got so close that his knees ended up touching mine. It was weird feeling his naked body touch mine. But that changed when he reached out and wrapped his hand around my cock! The funny thing was I didn't freak out. At that point it seemed perfectly natural. I just removed my hand and let him have it. 

I gazed down at my crotch and watched as Mark slowly pulled my cock. He held it very firmly, much more so than my wife, and knew instinctively what would feel good. He stroked me several times with full strokes twisting his hand when he reached the top of my cock and it felt divine. 

I began to feel uncomfortable receiving all the attention even though Mark seemed perfectly happy with it being one-sided. I noticed his cock standing straight up between his legs and knew I was getting ready to touch another guy's cock. 

I was so nervous, and yet excited, that I was literally shaking. He must have seen me staring at it because he released his hold on me and fell back against the couch and spread his legs wide open. His cock was throbbing back and forth with excitement and he was staring right at me. I needed no more invitation than that. 

I took a deep breath and leaned towards him and reached out for his cock. I slipped my hand around his girth and squeezed tight as if to confirm that I was doing it. His cock was different in length and girth, something I realized immediately. I pulled tenderly on it relishing its feel and the incredible sensations that it produced in me. Slowly, back and forth, I stroked his full length causing Mark to moan with pleasure. The thought that I was turning him on excited me. In all my nervousness I had not considered that. I stroked him several times and then reached down and cupped his balls. 

"That feels really good..." Mark said.

"Man I'm so fucking horny" I said.

"Me too."

I couldn't let go of his cock. I just kept playing with it, stroking him harder and harder making him moan and writhe with pleasure. 

"I'm going to cum!" he shouted.

Something snapped in me and I let go of his cock. He quickly grabbed it and stroked it hard and fast. I watched spellbound as his cock erupted all over his hand and lap. He laid there for a moment or two catching his breath. 

"That was great" he said smiling.

"Sorry man, I guess I freaked out a little" I said feeling embarrassed. 

"Don't worry about it man, that was great" he said. He then surprised me by sticking his sperm soaked hand directly into his mouth! He proceeded to lick each of his fingers clean without the slightest hesitation. I was dumbfounded. 

Now it had never occurred to me that a man might want to taste his sperm. I certainly had never thought about it myself. However it was obvious that Mark did it all the time and enjoyed it thoroughly. I watched spellbound as he casually scooped up globs from here and there and swallowed it down. 

"Man, this stuff makes me so horny" he said smiling. Although it sounded crazy, I suddenly wondered if I had been missing out but not doing it myself. "Hell, your wife is missing out on the best part." 

He looked over at my cock which was still very hard and throbbing like never before. He leaned forward and took it in his hand. I was expecting him to stroke it, but instead he leaned right down and took it in his mouth! His warm wet mouth was heavenly. He kept going until he had all seven inches in his mouth and I could feel his lips around the base of my cock.

Now the few times that my wife sucked my cock, she never came anywhere close to this. I always knew in the back of my mind that blowjobs could be so much more than what I had experienced. In what I would describe as one of the most uninhibited, sensual and energetic assaults, Mark took complete control of my cock and nursed me to the most powerful orgasm I could remember. And when I came, he clamped his mouth over the head of my cock and literally sucked the cum out of my cock. It was so intense, so powerful; I had to push him off of me.
