 I've added a few notes in between parts to clarify things, hope it helps ^-^ hope y'all like it. 

-----Virgil-----

   I could feel his hard on pressing against me in his sleep and it bugged the shit out of me. Every time I tried to scoot away he held me closer and pressed it against me, grinding. 

"Virgil, unh," He moaned, my eyes widened and I pushed him away. "What the fuck!?!" I said nearly shouting, he woke up looking at me, his eyes nearly black with lust. 

"You're not sleeping with me again," I said getting up, somewhat horrified about Thistle pressing his dick against my ass and moaning my name.

"What did I do?" He asked panting, the need to get off clear in his eyes. 

"You were moaning my name in your sleep, and grinding against my ass."

"Shit, I'm sorry; I didn't mean to, I guess I'm just horny"

"And?!? That doesn't explain why you were moaning my name I'm not a girl. You know I'm not a girl right?" I said feeling somewhat hysterical for some reason, maybe it was the possible insanity getting to me, and he looked at me with an unreadable expression. Growing red when I realized I was somewhat turned on. I turned around facing the wall quickly.

"Yes, I know you're not a girl now the question is do you know I'm not?" He said with amusement in his voice.

"Shut up, I... I... um... shit, just shut up," I said stuttering growing beet red. Why am I turned on? And how long has it been since I've gotten off with something other than my hand? Ugh what's wrong with me why am I turned on by him, I'm not gay, I'm not a homophobe either though, hell Jett liked guys as much as girls and I was fine with it.

"Having problems?" Thistle whispered. I gasped when he shifted to press against my back. The vampire in me was pushing me to kiss him and submit while the demon said to dominate; the humanish part was just there unsure what to do. I felt my fangs descend somewhat, the vampire was winning.

"I shouldn't.... I'm not..." I moaned gently, I heard him chuckle "That's what they all say." He whispered in my ear. I could feel the demon's rage pulsing through me, it was a very dominate creature, the vampire on the other hand was split, it didn't care if it was dominate or submissive, it just wanted sex and blood.

"There's nothing wrong with it you know, I'm gay and I'm just fine." He said wrapping his arms around me rubbing my chest. Just as I was about to give into the vampire's wants we heard the footsteps of a guard approaching.

-----Thistle-----

I knew he was turned on when he turned away from me, I couldn't really see if he had an erection or not but he was acting like he might. Taking a chance I leaned against him and cuddled him, rubbing his bare chest. I wish I could see the look on his face but it was too dark for me to see more than his general form.

"Get off," He said snapping out of it when we heard the footsteps, internally I groaned knowing it wouldn't be so easy getting him hot and bothered like this again.

The door opened with two large, burly guards, one holding a small sack. 

"'Ere ya lil' creeps, an' stop makin' so much noise," The one holding the sack said throwing it at us. Virgil caught it. Looking at him I could see the redness still in his face. Internally I gushed at how cute he was in the light, face red with a mix of embarrassment and arousal. His cock, I suddenly thought and looked down at it, ugh why can't he be hard? I thought when I couldn't see any form of a bulge.

The guards shut the door and locked it behind them plunging us back into darkness.

"Don't do that again," I heard Virgil say. 

"Why? You liked it, you were about to kiss me, I could feel it." I whispered.

"Just... just drop it ok?" 

"Ok, I'm sorry," I said feeling a small bit hurt, it sounded like he was upset so I decided not to push it, wondering if he was going to tell me anytime soon. He handed me the bag saying that he didn't need food just blood. "It doesn't do anything for me just dulls the hunger for a minute," he said looking at me. 

I nodded in agreement and took out the stale loaf of bread and ate a small bit of it. "So what do you do during the day here?" I asked

"I used to try to keep fit but I gave that up after about a month or so. Now I sorta just sit here and think. But I'm starting to think I'm going insane." He said.

"Well now, at least you have someone to talk to." I said. 

"Ya.... whatever." he muttered, "Hey, don't sleep with me again ok?"

"Yea, sorry, I won't do it again." I said looking down. It remained silent for a few minutes until I heard the low rumble of Virgil's belly "Are you hungry?" I asked him.

"I can last longer till I need to feed." he said.

"Just take it, it's ok to feed from me, I regenerate my blood faster than humans." I said standing walking over to the area of his voice.

I heard him chuckle "Fine stand still your about to walk into a wall." I felt his hand on my arm turning me to face him. I stepped forward and pressed against his body, I heard him gasp gently. He tipped my head up and felt his breath on my neck. His tongue ran over my throat and I moaned. 

"Oh god, please." I moan pressing against him. I felt him wrap his mouth around my neck and bite down, the utter pleasure coursed through me, I couldn't help myself, I came in my pants.

"Oh fucck." I groaned grounding against his body. He moaned and I realize he came with me. He licked my wound after having fed, closing it.

"That didn't just happen ok?" He said His body warm as he stepped away from me.

"There's nothing wrong with it, I loved it you know." I said going quieter when I told him I loved it. 

"But I'm not...I.. I shouldn't feed from you unless I need to." He said stepping away from me. Internally I groaned at losing him, I'd pushed too hard and it would be a while before he would get close no doubt. 

"Ok... Could you hand me the bag of food then?" I asked sitting on the ground. I felt the bag land in my lap. As I ate I used the bag as a rag to try and clean the cum off of me. I could hear Virgil doing the same with his hands. After I finished eating I lay down, I figured, there's nothing else to do anyway. 

I noticed Virgil doesn't make sounds when he moved, not when he walked over to give me the bag or to go get it, not when he moved to go to where he was sitting. I wonder if it's a vampire thing? 

"It is in a way." He said, causing me to jump. "Sorry, when I'm bored my mind wanders and picks up others thoughts. I find a slight source of entertainment in talking to the other prisoners. The ones that aren't quite sane are the fun ones." 

"Why would you do that?" I asked.

"It's what keeps me sane, at first I tried to see about making an escape but the prisoners nearest me aren't that smart to be honest. Most started screaming when I tried talking to them in their heads." 

"Oh." I said softly. Using my powers I tried to slip into his mind and he growled. 

"Don't."

"Sorry." Some people didn't want others in their mind, I guess he was one. From the moment I had been tapping his mind I found a very strong wall that I couldn't have broken if I wanted. "Who taught you how to put up a wall so strong?" I asked, staring into the darkness, I think the guards had put out the lights outside.

"My great grandfather taught me. He's one of the strongest vampires as well as the oldest." He said. "For some reason my powers don't work past nearby things. I can't teleport right; I think it's something in the walls." 

"It is." I said getting up pressing the side of my face to the wall; I could feel old dried leaves in the brick work. I recognized it. "Demon's Bane, I feel it, I don't know how I didn't notice it before, but the bricks have it in them. It there's a lot of it all around us." I said rubbing the walls.

"You've gotta be kidding me. Really?" He said standing much closer to me.

-----Random note------

Virgil is a rare mix of a vampire and a special type of demon I call a Reaper. A Reaper is basically the Grim reaper with skin, claws, strange eyes and a thin black tail in their full form. They can summon a scythe that changes form depending on the user. His type of vampire is considered a day-walker, sunlight doesn't bother his type, in full form they have large, black, bat like wings, the typical fangs, and slightly pointed ears. 

I should also note that Reapers are resistant to most poisons and have the unique ability to bring others back from the dead if the body can sustain the soul and the soul is still around. Reapers also tend to be born in sets of twins, one light, and one dark. Virgil is a dark twin. (The light twins tend to have an angelic style and look; their scythe tends to be a curved sword instead.)

Both vampires and Reapers are very lusty, sex oriented creatures, making Virgil have a weakness for sex. Both have a tendency to lose their tempers. 

-----Virgil-----

When Thistle told me about the bane it all made sense, why I couldn't form my scythe, why the demon and vampire seemed so unhappy, why I couldn't see everything as well as I normally could in the dark. 

The way Demon's Bane worked is if it was near my kind it slowly drained us, it worked quickly at first then after a few hours of exposure it had drained you all most completely, anytime your body tried to replace the power it sapped was away by the bane.

Demon's Bane was common for cults to use, especially if they were sacrificing a demon or to a demon. The only other people I know would have it are priests, churches, alchemists, warlocks, and maybe healers. This was bad, either they knew what I was or there were darker demons here, ones who don't care who they kill, just as long as they kill.

"Well now a lot of things make sense, except why? Why would they go through the trouble of getting all that?" I said tapping on the wall.

"I don't know, it doesn't affect me really. I might be able to take out some of it but it will take time" He said accidentally brushing my hand. I pulled away and heard him sigh very softly. 

I knew he wanted me to flirt with him to hold him. It wasn't that I didn't like gays it's just been so long since I've been with anyone and I wasn't ready for it to be with a guy and it shocked me just a little.

I knew he wanted more than just sex I had seen it in his mind. I wasn't sure how I felt yet I needed to think it over before I let myself give into him.

"How long?" I asked

"I don't know, it seems to be in every brick, but it's like someone cut a piece out of the bricks and stuffed them with it."

"Shit. Well I guess we've got all the time in the world."

"Ya but, there's a downside, to do it I have to bring them back and then rekill them. And even then they'll still have a little effect." He said 

"Why?"

"Well because they're dried so they don't need to be replaced they hold onto a lot of their power, but bringing them back then killing them again it gets rid of the power. I'm gonna try a few bricks." He said putting his hands on the bricks. 

I felt a wave of nausea hit me as the bane was brought to life, it passed somewhat after he killed it. He started doing others in the same way.

-----Thistle-----

I pressed my hand to the wall letting the energy that flows through my body go to the plant, reviving it. It was somewhat difficult given their age, how some were broken, and how there was no light to assist me. 

I could tell it hurt Virgil when I brought the plant to life, I could hear him gagging as I worked so I did it as fast as I could.

"Hey, do think it would be a good idea to work on the area you sleep instead of randomly?" I asked him. 

"Ya I think that would be best, what exactly did you say you were?" He asked.

"I'm mostly fairy but there's a little bit of elf in me as well. I'm a natural healer and theurgist because of that." I said

"I used to know of a fairy but he was pure blooded I think." Virgil said putting his hand on my shoulder leading me to the corner where he sleeps. "Um.. Thanks for doing this. I'm sorry about over reacting when we woke up, I was just in shock I guess." He said, bumping into me when I stopped.

"It's ok, I had a feeling that's what it was." I said looking down. "I'm gonna work on the bricks now"

After I took out a good number of bricks I told him I needed to rest for a while.

"Ok, good, I was starting to feel sick after those last few." He said sitting in his corner. 

I went and laid down a little bit away, curling up, I could feel the cold air quickly seeping into my bones. I couldn't help it I started shivering.

"Hey, Thistle, you can sleep with me if you don't do what you did last time, ok?" He said gently putting his hand on my shoulder.

"Thanks." I said smiling up at his voice, sitting up I followed him to the area I cleared out. We fell asleep his chest to my back.

-----Virgil-----

I don't know why I asked him to sleep with me again so soon, I guess I felt bad, he seemed so cold. I don't remember putting my arm around him, but I woke up that way, spooning him. It felt good; I couldn't help gently licking his neck, stopping when I heard footsteps outside the door. I sat up quickly scooting back into the corner.

The door opened and I saw my favorite guard, a small, quiet guy. He didn't say much but he was nice to me in his own way. Meaning he didn't yell, kick, spit on me or do anything cruel to me.

"Hello... umm.. here." He said holding out the bag of food to me, he liked to give the prisoners more food than most guards. 

"Thanks." I said walking over to him gently taking the bag.

"Um I heard yelling a few nights ago, was that you?" He asked looking at me nervously.

"Oh ya, it was nothing, don't worry about it." 

"Oh ok, um is he ok? He's not moving." He said pointing at Thistle as he slept.

"He's ok, I think he's a heavy sleeper." I said walking to him nudging him waking him up. He grumbled something and slumped against me. "Come on get up." 

"Nooo... lemme sleep." Thistle groaned, nuzzling into my leg.

"Well, I guess he's not gonna wake up." I said.

"I should get going." The guard said grabbing the door handle. I nodded, watching the door close. I sighed as much as I would've loved to run out the door I knew it was useless, I would've been attacked by the other guards the moment I stepped out the door.

Thistle stirred a bit and finally sat up strait looking around bleary eyed. I kneeled down grinning as I said "You missed a chance to see some light you know." 

"Aw, I could've seen you for once?" He said smiling softly. I chuckled. The overwhelming urge to kiss him came over me, I quickly pushed it away.

"We got a little more food while you were asleep, try not to eat it all in one go this time, I forgot to mention that we don't get fed every day." I said sitting in front of him. "I can feel the difference in the air now that you've taken some of the Demon Bane out."

"Good, I should be able to take out some more this go around." He said as he munched on a piece of the bread, then putting the rest away. "Led me to the wall next to you, I'm gonna work on that one."

I lead him to the wall, I quickly walk to a different area of the room to get away from the bane that was about to be live. 

As Thistle worked I picked at a loose string on my pants, at the very least I had many string to pick from given the age and wear of the pants, it was amazing they were in one piece really. After several more bricks I could feel parts of my power return, still not enough to bring out my scythe and teleport us out of here though.

-----Note about characters-----

1.Yay for random notes :D... sorry... um ok

I hear Vincent as the singer of Breaking Benjamin in their song What Lies Beneath, Nightmare is Land of Confusion by Disturbed, and Jett is a little like Five Finger Death Punch's song Coming Down. And in case there is any confusion Jett is Nightmare's son, Virgil is Jett's grandson, Vincent's oldest son's daughter (now dead) is Virgil's mother, sorry for any possible confusion, I've thought of these characters and even the people I explain it to get lost in their huge families. I'll try making a sort of family tree on my bio sooner or later. Btw the brother Nightmare mentions in a moment is Jett's twin. K back to story.

-----Outside of the prison as Vincent-----

"Do you feel him?" Nightmare asked.

"Yes, I don't know why but all of a sudden I do." I said turning to my old friend, we were, of course, talking about our great grandson of my granddaughter and his grandson. 

"I think we should let him fix whatever it is that got him in trouble on his own don't you think?" Nightmare muttered, "That's what we had to do at his age is it not?" 

"You're right. Are you going to tell Jett that? He's not going to be pleased."

"I know. My son is probably going to fight us for the right to help Virgil. I think I'll tell him now and get it over with." He said standing, it was clear he was calling out to Jett with telepathy, it wasn't even a minute later when Jett's portal appeared in a flash of black and red.

"Yes master?" Jett said looking to his father. I personally found it amusing Nightmare had his children call him master; more amusing is that my children started doing the same with me with the exception of my oldest.

"Have you noticed Virgil's energy is back?" Nightmare asked. 

"Yes, may I go to him?" 

"No, let him get himself out of trouble unless he asks us."

"But father... We can't just leave him on his own after this long; it's been months since I've heard from him." Jett said glaring at Nightmare now.

"No, think of this as his right of passage, we can't baby him, I didn't with you or your brother." Nightmare said in a tone that meant this was the last thing Jett was to say on the matter.

Jett grumbled something under his breath but didn't pursue the issue surprisingly.