 -----Notes!----- 

Ok, sorry it's taken so long for this one, on the last one I had a lot done when I submitted the first one, I want to note that I am a geek sometimes XD (you might get it later but I doubt it, I will die laughing if someone does)

I've said before I think, but this isn't part of the main story so it will never be mentioned in a different story. This one is a great deal longer than the other 2 parts

You will notice I've put Leaf in this one as well as one of his sons/Thistle's brother, and 2 other chars, they are only a brief random thing though. I also want to note that I'm working on other stories as well so I'll be a bit slow, you won't see them for a bit though, trying to make them a lot longer than this. Also I didn't come up with the names of the berries.-Icy

-----part 3----- 



-----Virgil-----

With every plant that Thistle removed I could feel my energy, as well as my lusts, returning. I could see clearly now, no matter how dark it was. I could feel the influence of the vampire and the demon clearly now, I could also feel my resistance in being with Thistle slipping every hour now.

"Why don't you take a break for now? You've gotten a lot of bricks done." I said walking up behind him, putting my hands on his shoulders. I found myself leaning closer to him; I knew he could feel my breath on the back of his neck.

"You seem different, closer. I kinda like it though." Thistle said leaning against me. I felt my fangs slid free as I leaned down and nuzzled his hair. 

"Should we go sit down?" I asked him, softly licking his ear. He gasped softly; I could literally feel his surprise as well as his arousal.

"Wow, what's gotten you like this and how the hell can I keep it up?" He said grinning up at me. I chuckled softly and found myself leaning down and pressing my lips onto his. He turned around, facing me. Our lips meet quickly as I pushed him against the wall and I set about exploring his mouth.

It felt so damn right to kiss him like this; the vampire was pushing me forward, doubling my lust. I felt his hands go up to my hips and he pulled them to his, grinding our erections together through our pants. He moaned softly against my mouth, it was so damned sexy that I found my tail and wings trying to show.

"Holy shit, I feel like I'm bout to lose control 'cause I want you so bad." I said, panting heavily.

"Wow, and here I thought you didn't like me like that." He said putting his arms around my neck and pulling me close. 

Just as we were about to start kissing again I heard a guard walk to our door.

"Fuuuck, we gotta stop for a bit." I whispered to him stepping out of his grasp. It was heart-breaking to see the look on his face, it looked like someone kicked his puppy. "It's ok but they won't like us doing that, I heard it happen to the people across the hall and let's just say I never want to hear that kind of pained scream from you, ever." I said to him moving his face to mine "Ok?"

"Ok..." He whispered softly, still looking sad. 

The door opened just as I stepped back from him. The light from the hall clearly blinded Thistle for a moment. 

-----Thistle-----

I was surprised at how bright the light that came in through the door was but I was very thankful for it. This was the first time I got a really good look at Virgil. God he was sexy, like a dark sex god. His straight black hair fell just past his shoulder, framing his sharp face. His eyes were beautiful, like little silver rings. And his lips were just as sexy, they were full and red, still puffy from our kissing as well.

I gasped silently when I looked down to his smooth, surprisingly hairless, lean muscled chest, I could see where he had an erection given it was still half hard. He looked huge even in the low light. He seemed to be a good bit taller than me, then again I'm not exactly tall but I'm not short either, more like avarage.

He caught the bag of food that the large guard threw at him. I stood there and watched as the guard grumbled something and shut the door, throwing me back into the darkness. I was getting to hate the dark, I felt like a klutz because I was always running into the walls; I wanted to be back in my favorite woods where it open and free, not to mention I was actually able to see there. Gods it would be great to be with Virgil there, maybe laying on a blanket, looking at the waterfalls.

"That does sound nice." Virgil said causing me to jump a little.

"You were reading my mind again then?" I asked leaning into him after he wrapped his arms around me from behind.

"Yea, and I'd love to do, by the way you're not that much of a klutz, besides it's kind of cute." He whispered softly, breathing in my ear gently. I shuddered and he let out a breathy chuckle. His hand went to my face and turned it upwards, facing him. 

"You know I never thought I'd want anyone so bad, let alone a guy, somehow though, I do." He said softly his long hair brushing against my face. 

I grunted softly when his lips crushed mine, melting any thoughts I had. We only paused long enough to turn me to face Virgil. I was ready this time when he pulled me back into the kiss, I could feel his tongue glide over my lips, seeking entrance. I moaned loudly into his mouth as his tongue explored my own, while he explored my mouth his hands roamed my body and slowed at my ass, cupping it and kneeing it gently.

His mouth and hardness were the only things I could feel at this point, everything else ceased to exist. It didn't register he had been moving us until my back was against the wall and he was pressing me against it. 

"Holy shit, I can't believe how much I want you" Virgil said panting hard after we stopped for a breath.

"I want you to, and geez your cock is huge" I said after realizing how big he was. 

"You're so cute when your eyes are wide like that and your face is flushed." He said as he leaned down and nibbled on my neck causing my mind to blank. "And so easy to please." He muttered while licking my neck and nibbling the spot where my shoulder meets my throat. My only reply was a long moan.

I gasped when his fang scraped my throat gently, I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him closer, trying to get him to bite me again. 

"Are you sure you want me to take more so soon?"

"Gods yes, it feels so damn good." I whispered "I know you like it to." I said grinning at him.

"Mmm, ya I do, but I don't want you weak, I want to get us out of here and into that place you were thinking of as soon as we can." He said, holding my chin upwards while his other arm wrapped around my hip.

"So does that mean after we get out of here you'll stay with me?" I asked whispering very softly.

"Of course I will, I've never felt the need to be this close to anyone before and I'll be damned if I let you go so easily." 

I was happily surprised, it seemed like we were moving so fast but it felt so right, not to mention we had been together non-stop since we'd met.

"I know, this has been a little fast, but damned if I care if I've known you for a day or for a year, I just care that I'm falling in love with you." Virgil whispered, reading my mind.

"I'm already in love with you," I whispered softly.

-----Virgil-----

"I'm already in love with you," Thistle had whispered to me. It felt so fucking good to hear him say that, I wanted to claim his as my mate that very moment; I've never felt that for anyone and my vampire and demon alike seemed to be joyful for once instead of annoyed or lusty. 

My first reaction was to kiss him so hard he was almost a part of the wall. After kissing us both senseless I gently whispered that I loved him too.

"I think we should wait to make love until we get out of this place, I don't want our first time to be in this horrible place." I whispered softly to him.

"Okay, and I'm kinda glad for that, I wanna see you for our first time." He whispered smiling at me.

"You should eat something, you'll need the strength to help get us out of here."

He nodded and I went and grabbed the bag, pulling out the stale bread and the cheap skin of water. I handed it to him while kissing his forehead. 

"Thank you." He said, gently sitting against the wall. I sat next to him and leaned against him as he ate.

"So I take it you don't eat anything?" Thistle asked between bites.

"Not really, unless I like how the food tastes there's no reason for me to eat it, I just end up gaining weight I don't want." I said smiling softly. "Of course it can keep me full for a while but after so long I need blood, I can last months without but I get irritable and start to lose control, like you saw. It does nothing to replenish my powers either, that takes blood or, because I'm also a demon, a soul."

"Ya, so what do you eat when you want something?" He asked, nuzzling into my chest, having finished his food.

"I like sweet things, meats, and breads. I also have a weakness for chocolate." 

He smiled softly, it was clear he was tired. I took the empty water skin and tossed it aside, gently I lay on my back pulling him onto my chest. He sighed softly and nuzzled into my chest falling asleep quickly. I lay there marveling at how small my new lover seemed, he was at least half a head smaller than me, but then again I'm rather tall. His chest was narrower than mine and he seemed to fit perfectly on my chest. 

I would kill to be in a comfy bed with plush blankets and pillows, to be able to snuggle with Thistle properly would be amazing right now. It wasn't long before I dozed off as well.

-----Next Morning As Virgil-----



I woke up with Thistle's weight on my chest, it felt good. Gently, I wrapped my arms around his body and nuzzled the top of his head softly, inhaling his scent. The smell reminded me of herbs of all kinds, as well as flowers and fruits; it was hard to explain the exact scent though. 

I could feel my vampire half seemingly glowing with what seemed to be love, that's the first time I've ever had anything soft feeling coming from it; the demon was still asleep though, not that that's a surprise, he takes forever to be awake for some reason.

It was awhile before Thistle finally woke up. I noticed my demon woke when he did which was a little weird.

"Morning sleepy," I said kissing his face, gods he was sexy, his hair was still slightly mussed up and his eyes were half closed. My demon practically cried for me to attack him with kisses, not a normal thing from the demon, normally it wanted a soul, not that I gave it one, or just to fuck whatever was turning me on. 

"Mmm, morning, how'd you sleep?" He asked as he stretched on top of me.

"I haven't slept that well in months, and I've slept a lot in the past months." I said kissing him.

"mmph, good, I slept well too." He said between kisses. I rolled us over so we lay with me on top and I continued to make out with him. I could feel my fangs descend as he explored my mouth with his tongue.

"Excited much?" He asked me after feeling my fangs.

"Yea, I want you so fucking bad I can't help it. It's a good thing you don't mind me not being human, I don't know what'd I do if you minded." I said panting. 

"Mmh, don't even worry about it, I already know you won't hurt me, not to mention how good it feels when you bite me." He said holding my face above his; his legs wrapped around my waist and his body pressed against mine felt so fucking right, why did I ever push him away?

I could feel his erection and I was a little surprised at the fact he was fairly large, given the size of his body I wouldn't expect something very big, but the bulge in his pants told me I was wrong. Gently I ground my hips against his and his hands slipped from my face to wrap around my back. His moans encouraged me to move faster and I bent down and nibbled at his throat as he scratched my back.

"Holy fuck! Don't stop, please, I'm getting close." He said trying not to scream, his breath ragged. 

I latched my lips onto his as I continued to grind our cloth covered groins together. I heard him cry out under me as he came hard, the sound alone driving me to my own orgasm. We lay there for awhile as we can down from our highs.

"Shit if that was just grinding I can only imagine how sex will be." He rasped, his voice still scratchy and sexy.

"I know, that was amazing, I don't remember ever cumming so hard. Shit I think I need new pants, well more so than I did before." I said chuckling softly.

"I could help you with that if you want." Thistle said softly, snuggling against me, licking my bare chest suggestively. I groaned softly at the thought.

"Do you want to? You don't have to do it if you don't want to." I said wrapping my arms around him.

"It's fine, I like the taste of cum and I kinda wanna see what yours tastes like." He said lying kisses on my chest. I moaned softly, my vampire pleased he wanted to taste my seed.

I nodded and he slipped down my body gently working my pants down a little, trying not to smear my cum everywhere. He gasped softly when his hand wrapped around my hardening cock.

"Crap, I can't tell what I'm more surprised about, how big you are or how much you came, it's everywhere." He said his eyes wide looking at my general direction. I chuckled softly and stroked his hair.

I moaned softly when he leaned down and started licking up the puddles of cum that was pooled around my thighs. I gasped when his tongue trailed farther down that I thought he'd go, spreading my legs as his fiery hot tongue feathered over my asshole.

"You've never had this done before have you?" Thistle asked, pausing his assault on my ass.

"No, I've never been with a guy and no girl has done this before, I never knew it felt so hot though." I said panting, my cock fully, if a little painfully, hard now.

"You're virgin?!" He nearly shouted.

"No, I've had sex before, just not with a guy.

"That's what I meant, hell if that's the case then I'm gonna make this the best blowjob you'll ever have."

"I've had blowjobs; I told you I'm not a virgin." I said looking down at him, somewhat amused.

"I doubt they were anything like I'm gonna do to you." He said grinning cheekily. "Besides I've been told I've pretty good."

-----Thistle-----

I know I was being cocky but damn it, Virgil had me burning hot and craving him. I'll admit I'm a little bit of a whore sometimes, but I wasn't the kind to cheat or lie, I just liked sex and if I had a lover I wouldn't go after anyone but them. Right now I had a love that I wanted badly.

"Yea? How are you gonna prove it." He asked rubbing the back of my head. I grinned as I felt around for his stiff cock, finding it easily. Internally I groaned at the thought of getting him inside me as soon as I could, he was about 8 inches long and as thick as my wrist almost.

He moaned as I ran my tongue slowly over the tip, torturing him, trying to drive him mad with need. It was clear it was working when he tugged my head down to his cock. Slowly I obliged and took him into my mouth wrapping my lips around his hard shaft, running my tongue on the underside.

"Fuccck" Virgil moaned, trying to fuck my face. I chuckled around his cock causing him to curse more. I grinned around his cock as I gently started rubbing his balls, working my way to his ass.

"Unh, wha... what are you doing?" He asked squirming around.

"I told you before, I'm gonna give you the best blowjob you'll ever have." I whispered pulling off his cock for a second, licking my fingers I rubbed moisture onto his asshole, lubing it with my spit causing him to let out a small, sexy little moan. 

"Please Thistle, don't stop...hell..." Virgil moaned, pulling my face to his cock.

I could feel his claws on the back of my neck, he was losing his control and it was turning me on like nothing I've ever experienced. I noticed he seemed to be somehow bigger, not a lot bit enough to notice.

"Shit, I can't help it, I'm shifting, I might get bigger there." He said roughly.

I could hear the rasp of his wings and tail as they rubbed the floor and the feel of his cock expanding noticeably. I grunted in surprise as his cock grew to be about 11 inches and was no doubt the thickness of my wrist. 

I worked my finger around in Virgil's ass finding his prostate. I gently flicked it as I went down on his cock, trying not to choke on his now larger size. He was fucking my face in earnest now, his tail flicking over my body, wrapping my neck softly, then flicking over my body once again.

"I'm close Thistle, s-shit." Virgil started swearing as he came hard in my mouth, my eyes widened at the amount of his seed, I was getting mouthfuls it seemed and it all tasted darker and sexier than any I had before.

"You win, that was the best blowjob I've ever had." He whispered, pulling me onto his chest, "I think I wanna try giving you one, but I've never done it before." He said very softly, causing my hard on to twitch.

"It's okay, it's not very hard to do, the only important thing is not to scrape your teeth against my cock. Especially your teeth." I said, kissing him on the lips, letting him taste himself.

"Ok, and if you taste anything like I do it shouldn't be too bad." He said chuckling softly, kissing me again before rolling us onto my back and slipping my tattered shirt off and licking my chest.

He found my nipples and started nibbling on them causing me to writher under him, my nipples are insanely sensitive at any given time but now they were on fire. After he found that out he paused over them, suckling them and sending waves of pleasure to my groin. He ran his lips slowly over my body on his way to my cock stopping at my belly and hip bones as he slowly slipped my pants down.

I could feel the stickiness of my drying cum as he pulled my pants all the way off. I grunted softly when I felt him lick at one of the smears of cum near the base of my cock. He was very gentle when he wrapped his hand around my 7 inch cock, I moaned nosily when he licked the tip softly, then tried suckling it causing me to pull his head down me while I bucked my hips softly. The thought of him sucking me off was enough to get me close so it didn't take long before I was crying out in ecstasy, forcing his head down while I bucked my hips.

I pulled Virgil up to me and kissed him deeply. "I did good then?" He said chuckling.

"Yes, and should we get dressed? You know in case a guard comes in." I said snuggling into him.

I felt him nod and he got up picking up our clothes, he helped me up as he handed me mine.

"It still amazes me that I'm so attracted to you." He whispered wrapping his arms around me after he'd slipped his pants on.

"You make it so hard to get dressed you know that?" I said leaning against his bare chest, he only chuckled and kissed me firmly. "Oh yeah, what happened to your shirt anyway?" I asked.

"It was torn up when I got here so it didn't take long for it to be unwearable. Why? Do you not like my chest?" he asked nipping at the nape of my neck, I groaned and wriggled under the heat of his mouth.

"No, I love your chest I was just wondering, and also how do you keep it that smooth, I doubt you have anything to shave it in here."

"I only have hair on my groin and head, that's how I like it, and no there's nothing to shave with but I don't need it, as odd as it is one of my abilities is to control where I grow hair and how much hair I grow. It's kinda nice." He said rubbing my chest and hips. I nodded and slipped my shirt on while he was at my hips, he growled softly, sliding his hands under my shirt.

"What? I gotta get dressed if the guards come in, there's no telling how long it's been since they've checked on us," I said putting my hands over his.

"What's the worst they could do? Keep us here longer?" He said pulling me closer.
