 Chapter 8: Vegas Meet

After a rough night at the tables, I decided to check the local sex sites and see if anything caught my eye. As I was scanning craigslist, there was a posting that instantly caught my eye. It said, "On holiday with parents, interested in having a 'what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas' experience. I'm open to oral, anal, pretty much anything, never done this before. Nineteen, wm, 5" cock, 5 feet 10 inches tall, slender build."

I replied to the ad, really expecting him to be taken, or it to be a fake ad. About five minutes later he replied. We exchanged two emails, one with pics and one with details of what we might do. It was almost 10:00pm, and his parents were heading to a late dinner and show. He would be free at 10:30. He was only two hotels away, so we decided he would come to me.

Just to remind you, I'm 35, very nice looking, six foot about 200lbs, decent shape, with a seven inch curved, shaved smooth cut cock. I quickly showered and then waited to see if this was a jerk or a real deal.

At 10:45 there was a knock on my door. I opened it to find exactly what he had described. He was five ten, maybe 120lbs, fare skinned, with light brown hair, not a freckle or pimple or sign of a whisker on his face. I invited him in and found his name to be Tommy. He was vacationing here from London, though he was American and had no British accent. We talked for a few minutes and he explained that he had always had homosexual thoughts and desires, but had yet to act on anything. He said his school friends would never have understood this desire to experiment, so he's kept it to himself.

"Tommy," I started, "we can do as much or as little as you want." I added, "You can leave anytime you want."

He smiled, nodded and said, "I want to, well, just to see if I, well, you know, get hard and excited with a guy."

I grinned and said, "well, first we need to probably get naked." With that, I pulled off my t-shirt, and dropped my shorts to the floor. I wasn't wearing anything else and now stood before this young guy with nothing but a smile and a growing erection.

He swallowed hard and I could see a small tent rising in his baggy shorts. I walked towards him and had him stand up. I then grasped the bottom of his t-shirt and pulled it over his head, tossing it on the chair behind him. As I did this, he was kicking off his sandals. I reached for his shorts, my cock at full staff now, and gave them a gentle tug and they slipped right past his very thin hips and dropped them to the floor. He stepped out of them, kicking them near his sandals. He was left in just his tighty whities and a definite erect cock that was clearly outlined under the underwear that seemed to be one size too small. I hooked my thumbs under the waistband and slid them down over his skinny legs, his five inch cock bouncing free.

His cock hair was very sparse and only in a small patch above the shaft. His cock was slender, five inches, with a cute set of tiny balls nestled close to his body.

"Well, you seem to like things so far," I said, reaching for his erection and slowly stroking it a few times.

"OOOHHHHH! I gotta tell you I cum quick, but I recover quick too! Sometimes I can jerk off five or six times a night." His breathing was shallow and fast.

I released his cock, took his hand and placed it on my cock. He wrapped his small hand around it and started to slowly move his hand back and forth. He went slowly and stared open-mouthed as he stroked it up and down the full length. I moved closer, turned his face up towards me and moved in and placed my open mouth over his, stabbing at his tongue and swirling my tongue in his mouth. He responded by releasing my cock and wrapping his arms around my waist, pulling me closer to him, his tongue swirling against my own.

I ran my hands down his back and across his ass cheeks, he squirmed and I felt the warmth of his juices shooting against my crotch and leg. He had cum! I kept rubbing his butt until he stopped cumming, then I broke the kiss and pushed him back towards the bed. There was a large deposit of cum oozing down my thigh.

"I'm sorry," he said, "I was so turned on I couldn't help it!"

I just smiled and said, "Not a problem at all!" I then scooped the dripping cum up into my hand and leaned over to him, presenting my hand full of cum, "You now need to try tasting this."

He stuck his tongue out and licked at his load lightly. "No, that won't do, just open your mouth," I instructed.

He did, and I took my hand, tilting it to pour the cum into his mouth, then pressed my hand against his mouth. I felt his tongue licking my palm and new that it was empty. He swallowed his cum and smiled up at me. 

"That wasn't bad at all," he said. His cock was still at full staff, a small drop of cum sitting on the tip.

"Now you have to try it from the source," I said. I climbed onto the bed, sliding his slender body down to where I was almost sitting on his tiny chest. I leaned forward, cock in hand and pressed it against his lips. He opened wide and took my cock head into his warm mouth. He began to swirl his tongue around the head, licking the tip and sucking lightly.

"Very good, Tommy" I said, reassuring him, "but time for more," I then pushed several inches into his mouth. He gagged, but seemed to recover, so I pushed forward even more, causing him to gag again and cough up a large amount of spit, which ran down his cheeks. I pushed harder again, him gagging again, coughing up more spit. Soon the bed was soaked on both sides of his head as he continued to gag, coughing up more and more spit, tears running out of his eyes. The way I was sitting on him, he couldn't use his arms to move me, nor could he get my cock out of his throat.

I finally eased up and bit, just having the tip in his mouth, "Very good job Tommy!" you want to catch your breath now?" He nodded, "Okay, now that you can breathe again, I want you to put your hands on my ass and squeeze it, tease it, rub it, understand?"

He began fondling my ass, squeezing the cheeks and I leaned forward, pressing my cock back into his warm mouth. He tried swallowing, which caused my cock to slip further down his throat. His hands clamped down hard on my ass, his nails digging into my flesh. He started to gag again, a flood of his spit seeping out around my cock. I pulled out a bit, felt his hands relax, then dove back in, raising up on him, forcing more and more of my cock down his throat. His hands were once again digging deeply into my ass cheeks. I felt my head slip past his gag reflex and he began breathing easily through his nose. His hands relaxed as I eased the rest of my cock down his throat. I felt his nose touch my shaved pubic area and his hands were now gently rubbing and lightly squeezing my cheeks.

I slowly fucked his throat, pulling a couple of inches out, then slipping them back in. He began to moan around my cock, which added to the incredible feeling I already had.

I reached behind my, grabbing for his cock. I found it, fully erect (oh to be a teenager again). I wrapped my hand around it and squeezed hard as I slowly stroked it up and down.

I knew I wouldn't last much longer, that familiar tingling in my balls as my cum began to boil and prepare for release.

I pulled my cock out of his throat, leaving just the head in his mouth and said, "I'm about to cum, I want you to taste it and then swallow all of it. Are you ready, Tommy?"

I got a muffled 'yes' and a slight nod of his head. I was stroking the part of my cock not embedded in his mouth, his young hands squeezing and teasing my ass cheeks. My cum started rising and I began to fill his hot mouth with a very large load. He tried to swallow and keep up with my four large blasts, but a large amount of my cum was running out of the corners of his mouth. He continued swallowing and sucking until my load had finished. I left my cock head in his mouth and he seemed to understand what I wanted, as he began to suck me harder and harder, pulling my now softening cock back into his warm mouth, draining the last droplets of cum from me.

"Wow, Tommy, that was great! You are a natural!" I said, slipping off of him, my cock leaving his mouth. I reached down and scooped up the cum that had escaped his mouth and fed it to him with my fingers. He eagerly licked it up, smiling.

"It was really cool!" He said, "I thought I was going to choke! But I finally got the hang of it!" he went on, "And your cum was so hot! And the taste was much better than I thought! I mean, better than my own before! It was amazing!"

I looked down and saw that his cock was still rock hard, I bent down, took it in my mouth and sucked him as deep as he could go. Within seconds, he grabbed my head and yelled, "OH! I'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING!" and he did! Not a huge load, but a sizeable amount. I kept it in my mouth until his spasm subsided, then I climbed up to his mouth and kissed him. He eagerly sucked his cum from my mouth, swallowing the load as he had down mine. He continued kissing me until the full load was drained from my mouth and I couldn't even taste any of the residue!

After breaking the kiss, I said, "Turn over now," he did. I was presented with a perfect ass, better than most women's asses I've seen. It wasn't a bubble butt, but it was perfectly round and rose from his back and thighs as a small mound. I spread his lily white legs, climbing between them. I bent forward and began to lick his ass cheeks. He moaned and wriggled under me as my tongue coated both ass cheeks, avoiding his crack for the moment.

Once both cheeks were wet and shiny in the light entering from the strip neon's, I began to lick up and down his crack.

"OH! WOW! THAT'S AWESOME!" he moaned loudly.

I continued, inching my tongue deeper into his hairless crack until my tongue came into contact with his pink anus. He jumped under me as my tongue flicked across it.

"AHHGGGH!! OH MY!! AAHHHHGGG!" he yelled into the pillow under his face.

I licked and slathered up his anus until it was soaking wet. I then eased the tip of my tongue into his ass and he moaned louder than before. I slowly worked my tongue deeper into his ass, his anus ring loosening up and accepting it. Soon he was moaning and groaning and wriggling his ass almost as if he were trying to get away.

"OH SHIT! I'M CUMMING AGAIN!!!" he yelled, and I slid a hand under him just in time to feel his young cock spurting it's third load of the night. I scooped up as much as I could and smeared it all over his ass cheeks, then licked him clean. This caused him to really moan and squirm.

By now, my cock was rock hard again. I reached over to the night stand, took the bottle of KY and squirted the cooling goo onto his crack. I worked it up and down his ass, then slipped the tip of my forefinger into his ass. He groaned lightly and tightened his anal ring around my finger.

"Relax your ass, I need to lube you up really good." I instructed.

I felt the pressure around my finger ease up and I pushed deeper, he again tighten up.

"No, no, you have to relax, let it slip in," I said.

He relaxed his muscle again and I eased further into him until my finger was fully embedded in him.

"Do you like that?" I asked, working my finger in a twisting manner, pulling out an inch or so and twisting slowly back in.

"OH YES!" He moaned.

"Do you want more?"

"Yeeessss, pleeeaasssee!" he replied.

I coated my middle finger with KY and slowly worked it alongside my other finger. With a little work, and a lot more tensing up on his part, I now had two fingers in him, pumping them up and down and twisting them, widening his tiny hole more and more.

After almost five minutes of fucking his cute, tiny ass with two fingers, I worked the third one in. He moaned even louder and tensed up tighter than before. I convinced him to relax again and finally had three fingers buried to the limit in his butt. Again, I pumped them up and down and twisted them slowly. I could pull his small opening wide enough to squirt some of the KY in, which caused him to groan and moan even louder than before. I continued working the three fingers in his ass for more than another five minutes, pumping up and down and working more KY into his very tight hole.

"Do you want me to use a condom, or do you want to feel my cum explode in you?" I asked.

He moaned, "Are you clean?" he asked.

"Very! I always use condoms when I having sex, but since you're a virgin, I wasn't sure what you wanted."

"MMMM, I want to feel your cum in me!" He said.

I pumped slower and slower, pulling almost all the way out and then sliding back as deep as I could. 

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"UHHHH, Please! Fuck me! Fill me full of cum! I want your cum in my ass! Please!!" He groaned.

With my other hand, I greased up my cock with the KY, then I slowly pulled my three fingers from his ass and placed the tip of my cock against the gaping hole. I eased forward and felt his ass tighten around the large cock that was now easing into him. He groaned and squeezed his ass tighter. I had so much KY worked in, that no matter how hard he squeezed, I slid easily deeper and deeper into him.

"OH!! WAIT!! OH!! IT'S TOO BIG!! WAIT!!!" he yelled into the pillow.

"Relax, it's almost all in!" I replied and continued to ease forward until I felt his smooth butt cheeks pressing against me. I took each of his cheeks into my hand and pried them further apart, allowing another inch or so of my cock to penetrate him. I was now fully embedded in his virgin ass. He was breathing hard and wriggling his ass, either trying to get away or trying to get more!

I sat still, fully in him until I felt his anus relax and heard a soft moan escape his lips.

"That better?" I asked.

"Amazing!" He replied, "It's so fucking huge in me! But it feels so great now!"

With that, I began to pull a few inches out and slowly slide them back in. I continued to pull an inch or so more with each outward pull, then slide them all back in.

"OH, I'M GAY! I'M GAY! I LOVE YOUR COCK IN ME!" He yelled with my slow thrusting.

I then picked up the pace and was now pulling all the way out and shoving it all the way back into him. I was pounding his tight ass and he was loving each thrust. He was tighter than any pussy or ass I had ever fucked and I was loving it as much as he was.

After almost fifteen minutes of steady hard fucking, I felt that I was getting close to cumming, so I pulled out of him and had him get off the bed and lay across the small table near the window. I had him grab the far side of the table and then spread his legs. I easily re-entered him, his ass still gaping open. I began to pound into him hard, rocking the table harder and harder. The drapes were open, the light from the strip shining in on us, he was looking out the window as I pounded him harder and harder. His moaning and groaning getting louder and louder with each thrust.

I felt my cum rising as I felt cum splattering on my feet. He had cum again! His cock pointing to the floor as I banged his ass from behind. That was enough to set me off!

"I'M CUMMING TOMMY! I'M CUMMING!!" I yelled as my cum shot deep into his bowels. I pumped shot after shot into his tight, creamy white ass. I pumped until I could pump no more. I then kept him bent over until my cock was deflated enough to slip from his ass without my pulling out. A river of white cream flowed from his tiny hole, still gaping open about the size of a quarter. I stood back and watch his white butt twitching, his own cock dribbling cum to a puddle on the floor.

I ran my hand up his thigh, catching the leaking load and smeared my cum all over his buttocks and thighs. He moaned, but didn't move, other than to shake lightly as I teased his cheeks.

"So, I'm guessing you really liked that," I said.

"Oh, yea, that was incredible!" He said, slowly lifting himself off the table, more cum leaking from his butt.

He hugged me, thanking me for the incredible experience. He then asked to use the shower, which we both did. I made sure to clean his ass and legs with my soapy hands, he then cleaned my cock with his. He ended up cumming one more time in the shower as I soaped his slim cock and teased his small balls.

After the shower, he dressed and left. It was almost two in the morning as I laid down in bed and thought over the night's events. I ended up with a full erection and jerked off to the thought of his incredibly tight ass, then drifted off to sleep.