 Travis could hear his boss's grumbling from his office down the hall. He looked up from his laptop when he heard the crash and wondered what had been thrown. A small smile flitted across his lips, knowing that even through his bellyaching, Mr. Martins was really more of a gentle soul. Oh, he could be intimidating when the situation warranted it. Had to be in order to handle the dealers he worked with from all over the country.

He shook his head, remembering an incident from the first week he was hired. God, he had been scared out of his mind that day! Mr. Martins had arrived an hour late, which he had been told absolutely never happened. His clothes were wrinkled, he had a serious case of bed head and Travis was pretty sure that he had slept in those clothes. There were big black bags under his eyes and he was glaring at everyone who greeted him. He stopped in front of Travis, pointed to him and said, "YOU! Come with me!"

Mr. Martins hadn't waited for an answer. He was a big man. Probably played football in his younger days. No one ignored him. Travis stood quickly and followed him, assuming he was being fired. During the seemingly endless walk to his boss's office, he racked his brain trying to figure out what he had done wrong. He couldn't come up with anything. And then it hit him. Had someone outed him? He gulped hard. In this day and age, being fired for sexual orientation was against the law, but he knew employers found ways around that. 

He found himself standing in the boss man's office doorway, unsure what to do.

"Sit!" Mr. Martins barked.

He readily complied, trying to maintain an air of confidence. Unfortunately, Mr. Martins' next comment proved he had failed at that.

"Damn, son, quit shaking! You're not in trouble!" His voice quieted a little when he realized he was scaring the shit out of his new hire. "Listen son, I have a problem and need an opinion from someone with a fresh perspective."

Travis listened intently as his boss explained the situation that had had him up all night and arriving to work in the same clothes from the day before. There had been a major screw-up in the loan processing department in another state, but because his salesman was the one that had dealt with the dealer, it had come back to bite his ass. Headquarters was all over his ass and he couldn't figure out a way to deal with it without firing the outside salesman, who had been with the company for years and was well-liked. 

He had been in there with his boss for two hours that day, but it had been worth it. Travis had helped him come up with a plan that let him keep the salesman and smoothed the ruffled feathers. From that day on Travis and Mr. Martins had been pretty tight, with the older man even inviting Travis out for dinner a couple of times after work.

"Travis!" 

The bellow broke through his thoughts and he pushed himself from his desk, wondering what was going on. He headed through his office door, only to nearly run into the newest man on the team, Adam. He was also the star in Travis's nightly jack off sessions and popped up a lot in his day dreams as well. 

"Whoa, sorry man! Didn't see you coming." Travis held up his hands as if to surrender as he looked right into those piercing blue eyes. He smiled at Adam and was overjoyed to receive a shy smile in return. Adam didn't say anything, just continued on his way, but Travis took a moment to turn and watch him go. 

God he was hot! Tall, probably just over 6', and slender with dirty blonde hair that curled around his ears and scraped against his collar. His features were slightly effeminate, which usually didn't do it for him, but this time it did. Travis felt his dick twitch at the sight of Adam's nice round ass and wondered what it would feel like to slide his hands down and cup those ass cheeks. Would they be soft? Muscular? He let a small sigh slip from his lips. Damn, he had to do something about this. He wasn't picking up any gay vibes from him, but then again, no one here knew he was gay, either, so he understood being in the closet at work. He sighed, resigned to the fact that he would just have get over this attraction. Unfortunately, his dick did not agree and had started to harden. Dammit! Get control, he thought to himself. 

"Travis!" Mr. Martins was louder this time so he picked up the pace and stepped into the open doorway. 

"Have a seat, Travis." He motioned him to one of the chairs in front of his desk. "I have a problem but I think I have the answer. But before I discuss this with you, I need to ask you a question."

Travis nodded his understanding, wondering where this conversation was going. His eyes wandered around the office while his boss shuffled some paperwork around and cleared his throat. Travis's gaze fell on the family picture hanging on the wall. Looked to be a few years old, because Mr. Martins still had a full head of hair. His wife was nice looking and the two kids, a boy and girl, were smiling happily. 

"Are you single?"

That snapped him back to attention. He almost stopped breathing. "What?" he asked cautiously.

"Dammit, it's a simple question, son!"

Travis cleared his throat. "Umm, yes, sir, I am single."

A broad smile spread across his boss's face. "Great, that's just great!" He chuckled a little.

"It is?"

"Yes!" his boss exclaimed. "The damn Farm Machine Convention in Oklahoma is next week and damn if they didn't set it up on Valentine's Day!"

Travis still wasn't following. "Okay..."

"I was scheduled to work the booth myself for those four days, but when my wife realized last night that I would be gone on Valentine's Day she about threw me out of the house!" He stopped to remove his glasses and rubbed his eyes. Shook his head and put the glasses back on. "But nobody's happy if the wife ain't!" He smiled again and looked across the desk at Travis.

"That's where you come in, son. I want you to go in my place. It's really important that we seal the deal with some of these new dealers out there. As a third party lender it's imperative we sign up new dealers in Oklahoma. We need that business. We need those loans if we are going to continue opening offices in the west. I know this is your first event, but you've talked with some of these dealers, and you know how to close the deal. It helps that you grew up on a farm and can talk their language, too. I think you will do just great."

Travis began to blush a little at the faint praise his boss was giving him. "Of course, Mr. Martins. Yes, of course, I will fill in for you."

His boss stood up and rounded the desk, slapping Travis on the shoulder. He opened his mouth to say something, but noticed Adam walking past and hollered for him to join them. Travis glanced at Adam and was dismayed to watch him walk into the office and take the seat next to him. He hoped his cock would obey and not spring to life right here in his boss's office! He tried not to look into his eyes. 

"Men, I have had a great idea," their boss announced. "Travis, you will take Adam along and teach him the ropes. Let him get a feel for the job." Mr. Martins stopped and turned to Adam. 

Adam's eyebrows raised in surprise, but nodded, glancing over at Travis. Travis flashed a smile back and nodded his head as if to tell him he would explain later. His co-worker seemed to get the message and listened intently as plans were made for them to handle the convention. 

Later, it occurred to him that Mr. Martins has not asked Adam if he was single. Damn! He wished he knew one way or the other.

Travis pulled in to Adam's apartment complex at 4:00am to pick him up for their trip. They had not really talked much about the convention, other than to make the travel plans and agree that Travis would drive to the airport and leave his truck there. Mr. Martins told them to make sure to wear jeans instead of the slacks they wore at the office. They both agreed it would make them fit in better.

The night before, he had been up until midnight, packing his bags. For some reason, when he was out shopping for jeans and plaid shirts earlier in the day, he had made some additional purchases: new boxer briefs in a variety of colors, new undershirts, and a couple of nice, fitted jersey knit t-shirts. After trying one of the new fitted shirts on and standing in front of the mirror, he decided this was what he would wear in the morning. 

His mind had flitted to Adam once again and he saw his nipples harden through his shirt. Dammit... how was he going to share a truck ride, let alone a plane ride with this man, he thought, as he tossed in a box of condoms and bottle of lube. Hey, who knows, maybe he would meet someone to take his mind off Adam at the convention. At least they each had their own hotel rooms. 

He had rushed around getting ready at 3:00am, having spent less than 3 hours sleeping. He showered quickly, toweling off and jumping into a pair of his new boxer briefs. He stopped long enough to look in the mirror. They were soft and form-fitting. He turned to view his ass. Hmm, he thought, not bad. He stood there and took stock of himself... He really needed to feel confident. He was only 5' 10", but had wide, muscular shoulders. The dark brown, almost black, hair on his head was cut short, almost too short for what he liked, he realized. He had used some foam and run his hand through it to give it that "disheveled" look and it seemed to be working today. His brown eyes looked tired, but his face was what some people may describe as chiseled. He wasn't too sure about that. He thought he looked a little rough. Of course, the stubble didn't help. He hadn't shaved in two days and his coarse, dark hair facial hair was a little unruly. Shrugging, he decided to wait until he got to the hotel. 

He had quickly tossed his bags, including his laptop bag, into the truck and punched the address Adam had given him into his Garmin. 

He parked and texted his travel partner that he was outside and Adam texted back that he would be right out. It was still dark out, but a minute later Travis could make out a figure walking along the sidewalk. Soon, Adam had thrown his bags in the back, too, nodded over at Travis and slid down to sleep.

Guess he isn't a morning person, thought Travis. But, oh, the scent that filled the truck cab was amazing. He breathed in deeply and almost sighed out loud. Adam had a scent that was a mix of clean and just a little earthy. He smiled as he darted over to his already sleeping passenger. God he was sexy. His dick jumped to life and for now, he let his mind wander. 

He remembered the first day Adam started not too long ago. Travis had been in the break room when two of his colleagues had walked in with big grins. Kelly, the blonde, was almost giggling. 

"What's up?" he asked.

"She's hot for the new guy," Shelley said and Kelly's face drained of all color.

"I am not Shelley!"

Her friend just rolled her eyes. 

Hmm, he thought. A hot new guy? This he had to see. He casually grabbed his coffee cup and made his way to Debbie's office. She was the Office Manager/Human Resource Representative. He knocked on her open door and she turned around and smiled.

"Hi Travis. What can I do for you?" 

Damn, he hadn't thought of an excuse and there was no one else in her office. He shrugged, getting a little red in the face. Just as he was about to come up with an answer, someone slipped around him and entered her office. He watched as the new guy turned to look at him and Travis swore time froze. He looked into those blue eyes and was a goner. Immediately. Gone. Turned over his heart. He hadn't realized how blatant he ogled him, but Debbie did because she smiled softly to herself. 

Once he got himself together, he tried to sound casual and held out his hand. "Hi, I'm Travis. I work here."

Idiot, he berated himself. Of course he knows you work here! He tried to act confident when Adam slipped his hand into his and shook it, but the electric shock coursing through him made it a little difficult. 

"Adam." The new guy gave his name and pulled his hand away while Travis stood still and stared.

Debbie cleared her throat and he jumped. 

"Will there be anything else?" she inquired.

"Umm, nope. Just, uh, wanted to introduce myself to the new guy. So. Uh... okay." And he stepped back and almost ran to his office. He felt like a fool.

After that, he had tried to hide his attraction to Adam. He was careful not to talk to him too often. Instead, he basically worshipped him from afar. There had been a few times he thought Adam caught him looking at his ass. Fuck, he loved Adam's round ass. 

Yeah, Travis was an ass man. Definitely. And now he was going to spend five days with this man. How the hell was he going to keep his hands off his ass? He sighed out loud and focused on the road. 

The plane ride was mostly uneventful, until they arrived at the airport. Something was going on and for some reason the plane had to fly in circles above the city for more than three hours. Adam slept through it all. Travis tried, but he just couldn't get comfortable. Every time Adam moved in his seat, he bumped his thigh into Travis's thigh, which sent electricity shooting through his body. At one point, Adam's cheek even ended up resting on Travis's shoulder. God, he felt good. Travis breathed in his fragrance, memorizing it for later when he could remember it in private. 

As they landed, Adam woke with a start. Bleary eyed, he glanced out the window, happy to see they were on the ground. 

It wasn't long before they were arriving at the hotel. Travis stepped up to the check-in desk first and gave their information. 

Adam stood a little behind as he waited for his turn. He saw that Travis was becoming animated and a little loud, so he stepped up to help. Without thinking he rested his hand on Travis's arm, giving it a little squeeze to calm him down.

"What's going on?" he inquired as Travis pulled his arm back as if he had been burned.

"They only have one room. They said we were late and they gave the other room away!" Travis looked like he was going to explode. 

"Okay, so can we have another room?" he asked the lady in front of them, calmly waiting for her answer.

"No, sir. There is a convention here this week and we-" She was cut off by Travis.

"We know, ma'am. That's why we are here!" he leaned against the counter and ran his hand through his hair. He was exhausted and knew that was why he was a little short-tempered. All he wanted to do was strip down, soak in a tub and sleep. 

"Well," began Adam, "we will just have to take the one room. At least we can have our own bed."

The woman in front of him looked down at the counter and that's when it hit him: there was only one bed. Holy crap!

He turned to Travis, shrugged his shoulders in defeat and signed them in for the room. The woman promised to send up a roll-away, but that didn't seem to appease Travis. He decided his co-worker must not be happy that he had a newbie tagging along. 

As they were walking away, the woman called out to Adam. "Sir! Sir! Please accept this complimentary dinner for two at our Steakhouse." 

Both men turned to see her waiving a piece of paper in the air and Adam headed over to take it out of her hands, thanking her. 

"Hey, this sounds great!" He smiled as he read the card. He loved steak. 

Travis looked at him and couldn't help but smile. Adam was smiling as he listed some of the meu items and in a minute he could feel his stomach begin to growl. 

"Crap! You are making me hungry, but I need some sleep first. Do you mind if I take a nap first?"

"Sure, we can go for dinner tonight, sound good?"

He grunted his approval as they reached their hotel room. They walked into a dark room, but Adam found a light and flipped it on. It was a fairly large room, standard dresser, desk, sofa, chair and of course the bed. They both glanced at it and came to the same conclusion at the same time.

"There is no way that is a King size bed!" Exclaimed Travis.

"That's a Queen bed, or possibly even a double!" 

Travis was just too tired to care at the moment. He dropped his bags, slipped off his shoes and crawled on the bed. He was out before his head hit the pillow. 

Adam was afraid to move. Was this perfect man really sleeping right in front of him? He could stare and drink him in all he wanted. Quietly, he moved to the window and peeked outside. It was a beautiful view, but he didn't open the drapes. He didn't want to wake Travis. He turned around and drank in the sight before him once again.

Shit! The man he had been lusting after since the day he started at the company was going to sleep in the same room with him for four nights! How the hell was he going to hide his hard cock?? It was hard enough sitting next to him on the plane. He had figured the best thing to do was sleep to get through the flight. He smiled as he remembered waking up and realizing his head was resting on Travis's shoulder. Instead of moving it, he had closed his eyes and enjoyed the closeness, breathing in the scent of him. He had pulled away when he realized his body was reacting. 

He decided a nap sounded good to him as well and even though he would love to sleep in the bed, he knew it wasn't possible. His desire for Travis was too strong and he didn't want to embarrass himself. And he was pretty sure Travis was straight, so he really needed to work through this crush. 

He settled onto the sofa and put his earbuds in, settled on some music and tried to get comfortable. Finally deciding it was too warm, he sat up and slipped his t-shirt off before settling back in. Much better! He was out in minutes.

Travis woke to a dark room. It took him a minute to remember where he was. He sat up and let his eyes adjust and realized he heard deep breathing. He fumbled to turn the lamp on next to the bed and caught his breath when he saw Adam sleeping without his shirt on. Fuck! He was so hot. Adam was stretched out on his back, his right arm bent up to cradle the back of his head. He stared at the light hair that covered his pecs and traveled down to his naval and disappearing into his waistband. God, he liked his chest. He didn't particularly like extra hairy men, even though he himself had a lot of dark chest hair. He tried to be quiet as he walked closer and soon he was standing at the end of the sofa staring at the sexiest man he had ever seen. Without thinking about it, he let his hand slide down the front of his jeans and grab his hard cock. Fuck! He was hard as steel. He let his hand slide up and down his package through the denim, letting his eyes feast on Adam's gorgeous body. His eyes travelled the length of 

his body from head to toe and back. As his eyes landed on Adam's lips, he felt a little moan slip from his own mouth. He wanted those lips on his cock. Shit, he admitted to himself, he wanted those lips kissing every inch of his body. 

He pulled his eyes away and glanced back up at Adam' eyes, which were fluttering open. Hell! He dropped his hand from his jeans as fast as possible praying he had not been caught. He slapped his co-workers feet and said, "Time to get up Sleeping Beauty!"  

Adam sat up. He must have been dreaming because he could have sworn he saw lust in Travis's eyes. He looked at his phone and realized it was almost dinner. 

They quickly refreshed and hit the Steakhouse. As soon as they were seated, they both looked around and realized this was more of a "romantic" restaurant. The lights were low, soft jazz music filled the room and every table had roses. Their gazes locked over the table and Adam smiled shyly. "Guess we should eat and run, huh?"

Travis cleared his throat, looking a little uncomfortable. "Umm, yeah, sounds good."

They ordered and began talking about the convention. They couldn't set up their booth until noon tomorrow and the pre-convention dinner was tomorrow evening. The actual convention didn't start until the day after that, so they figured they had some time to kill. 
