 The sun was streaming in through the partially opened drapes and landing directly on Adam's face. His eyes fluttered opened and he grunted at the brightness, crossing his arm over his eyes and turning away. He felt his muscles cry out in frustration and the previous night's activities flooded his mind. He peeked out from under his arm and saw that Travis wasn't in the bed. 

He glanced at his cell and saw the time. Crap! He was going to be late to the booth. He sat up too quickly and swung his legs over the bed before he remembered his body was still recovering. His body ached, but he smiled anyway. God, last night had been the most incredible night of his life.

After he and Travis made love, they had ordered room service and some champagne. The two men had sat cross-legged on the bed, naked, facing each other as they enjoyed the intimacy that only two lovers can share. They drank champagne and talked. Talked about nothing and everything. 

He remembered the feather light touches Travis kept giving him on his shoulder, his knee, his arm. Anything to be close. Later, Travis had filled the over-sized tub with soothing, warm water and poured in the Eucalyptus bubble bath. He had slid in first and held out his hand for Adam, guiding him into the tub and settling him between his legs, with Adam's back leaning against Travis's chest. 

And they had stayed that way for what seemed a very long time. Neither had spoken for a few minutes when Adam turned to look back at Travis and saw unshed tears in his eyes. The look he gave Adam had filled his soul. He reached out and wiped away those tears with his thumbs and kissed him gently on the lips.

"Thank you," Adam had whispered. "Thank you." He hadn't needed to say more. He knew Travis understood him. He was thanking him for changing his life. He had turned then and leaned back into Travis's chest, feeling his protective arms encircle him, pulling him tight. 

Travis had washed Adam gently, lovingly. He wanted to return the favor, but Travis wouldn't let him.

Adam had just given him everything he ever needed or wanted and Travis wanted to make sure that he knew how much that meant to him. Wanted him to know that he treasured Adam and would never betray the gift he had been given. 

He had dried Adam off with one of the huge towels and then he had called housekeeping for new sheets. Adam had been mortified at first, but in the end was glad they were able to sleep on soft, clean sheets. Travis took a quick shower and joined Adam in bed, spooning him from behind and pulling him close. He fell asleep breathing in Adam's scent and felt a peace that was almost overwhelming. 

Adam dressed as quickly as he could and grabbed his laptop and cell before he headed out the door. Looking at his cell he realized he had a text from Travis.

HAD TO RUN AN ERRAND. I SET UP A WAKE-UP CALL FOR YOU IN CASE I DON'T GET BACK IN TIME. SEE YOU AT THE BOOTH. 

Adam smiled. Wondered if he should tell Travis he had slept through the call? No, he decided. Let him learn on his own that he was a really deep sleeper.

He arrived at the booth and quickly saw that Travis was still gone. He wondered what kind of errand he had. His cell vibrated in his pocket, noticed the ID showed it was his dad.

"Hi, Dad." 

"Adam. How's it going? I was hoping to give you a call last night, but your mom had me helping with several things around the house."

Adam smiled. He had been busy, too. Not that he was going to tell his dad what he had been busy doing last night. 

"So, anything going on? How's the convention?" 

"Good. Really good." He cleared his throat, thought he saw movement out of the corner of his eye and turned just as Travis slipped back into the booth with him. He had a shopping bag with him and smiled at Adam. 

Adam mouthed to him who was on the phone. 

Travis was glad to hear it was Mr. Martins. "Can I talk with him?"

"Um, Dad, Travis wants to talk with you." Paused a minute. "Um, yes, Travis knows you are my dad, now. Yeah, he's fine with it." Paused a little. "Yes, Dad, Travis is an outstanding young man. Yes, he has taught me a lot, trust me." Sent Travis a wicked little smile and for the first time, Travis was the one blushing. Adam handed the phone to Travis and let his hand linger a moment, loving the feel of his skin. 

"Hi, Sir. Yes, things are going great." Nodded as he listened to his boss. "Yes, yes. I think it was an excellent idea of yours to send Adam along with me." Gazed over at Adam. "Actually, that's why I wanted to talk to you. He has been taking the lead with the dealers and he has signed up 62 dealers." He pulled the phone away from his ear. Smiled. "Yes, Sir. That's what I said. 62 dealers. I will be scanning their paperwork later today and sending it over to the office."

Adam felt a little weird watching his boyfriend talking with his dad on the phone. Of course, his dad didn't know about the two of them. That might be a little tricky when they get back to the office. He and his dad were close and he didn't want to hide Travis, but he also wanted to respect Travis's privacy. That was something they definitely needed to discuss. 

An announcement came over the speakers announcing the upcoming plans for the morning and Travis let Mr. Martins go and handed the phone back to Adam. 

"Dad, the day is starting. I have to go." He smiled as he listened to his dad telling him how proud he was of him. "Thanks, Dad. Talk to you later."

Another announcement was just coming over the speaker. "Happy Valentine's Day! Thank you for spending the holiday with us. For you lovebirds out there, we are holding a raffle at noon for a free Valentine's dinner at the exclusive Steakhouse in our hotel. Be sure to fill out a ticket in the hotel lobby."

Crap! It was Valentine's Day? Adam had completely forgotten about that. Of course, he hadn't planned on having a boyfriend for the holiday, either. He looked at Travis and wondered if he realized what day it was. 

Travis had heard, but played it cool. He didn't want Adam to know his plans for him tonight. He laughed a little at himself. Never in his life had he cared about Valentine's Day. He always thought it was a holiday for heterosexual couples. He just couldn't ever see himself accepting a dozen roses. Or giving them. Funny how three days can change someone's mind. 

Adam and Travis barely had time to say good-morning before the doors opened and once again dealers flooded the room. They were less busy today, but that was to be expected. Most of the dealers had already stopped by the day before. 

He looked over at two women making their way to their booth. Smiled when he recognized one of them.

"Marie? It's Travis. How are you?" He stuck his hand out to greet her and she squealed, reaching across the table and trying to give him a hug. She was a large woman, which made it difficult, so he stepped out in front and let her have her hug.

"Travis! I didn't know you would be here!" Her loud voice carried through the room and many turned their heads at the sound. 

Adam watched the older, large woman pull Travis into a bear hug and almost lift him off the ground. He was a little shocked at that. He knew how solid Travis was and lifting him was no easy feat! The funny thing was, Travis didn't seem to be fazed by it at all. In fact, he was smiling. 

When Marie finally let Travis go, he shot a smile over to Adam. "Hey, come over here and meet Marie." 

Adam joined him out front and stuck his hand out to greet her. She clasped his hand with hers and nearly shook his arm off. 

Travis laughed. "Marie, this is Adam. Adam, Marie." He gestured between them as she let Adam's hand slide out of her grip. Laughed as he watched Adam involuntarily start to massage his hand. He slapped his hand on Adam's shoulder. "Adam, Marie is with Reddington Farms and they have their own dealership over near Tulsa. Her son and I roomed together in college and I spent a couple of summers at their farm." He grinned at her. "She makes a mean bowl of chili!"

"Oh, I bet you say that to all the moms!" She laughed and blushed a little. Suddenly, she remembered she wasn't alone. "Well, where are my manners?! This is Susan. She works at the dealership and is one great salesman!"

Introductions were made around the group again as they welcomed Susan. She seemed quiet, but friendly. Possibly a little overwhelmed by the convention. Most of the dealers were men and Travis imagined she had heard her fair share of chauvinistic jokes. He smiled at her and turned back to Marie.

"I was hoping you were going to be here. How have you been? How's Sean? I try to keep up with him and Sandy on Facebook. Looks like they are very happy."

"Yeah, they are still in that 'newlywed bliss' stage. Married two years and just as crazy about each other as ever." She stopped and smiled at him. "What about you? Any special man in your life?"

Adam froze. Travis had obviously come out to her. He slid his eyes over to Travis, wondering what he was going to say. 

"As a matter of fact, yes, there is a special man in my life." He turned to look at Adam and smiled. "A very special man in my life." 

Adam's heart melted when Travis slid his arm around his shoulders and he pulled him close to his side. 

Marie watched the cute young man Travis had his arm around. Saw him blush. Noted that he smiled over at Travis with a sweet, honest smile. No pretense there, she thought. The way he gazed at Travis, Marie knew the young man had already given his heart to Travis. Love just seemed to pour from his eyes and she wondered if Travis knew how far Adam had fallen. God, she wanted Travis to be happy. Travis was a very special man and he had helped her son at a time when no one else could. 

She remembered that day like it was yesterday. Travis was visiting the farm for the second summer. Everyone had noticed Sean change in behavior over the last few weeks. Really, it had started farther back. Probably around mid-spring semester. He was quick to anger, quicker to tears. He seemed sad one day, ecstatic the next. Several of his friends had given up on him. But not Travis. He stuck by Sean. 

Marie had known Travis was gay and before she really got to know him, she had often wondered if he had feelings for her son. But, whatever the reason was, Travis was a true friend. And thank god he had had been there.

When Travis had found Sean passed out in the bathroom with slashed wrists he had called 911 immediately and taken off his own shirt to tie around one wrist. Grabbed a towel and held it onto the other. 

No one else had been home and if Travis hadn't found him, Sean would have surely bled out. They soon found out that Sean was bi-polar and had been feeling depressed and suicidal for quite some time. When he first got the diagnosis, he refused to believe it and even worse, refused to take his medication. Only Travis had been able to get through to him. Only Travis could help him understand that this was just something he was born with. 

Those next few months had been hard, but eventually Sean's meds helped stabilize him and now, years later, he still took them. Never wanting to feel like that again. 

Tears shone in her eyes as she looked at Travis holding his Adam so close. Ah, she thought...to be young and in love. And on Valentine's Day! She sniffled a little, grabbed a Kleenex from her purse. 

Travis watched her become emotional and was sure his presence was reminding her of the hell Sean had gone through years ago. He pulled his arm away from Adam's shoulders and reached over to give her a hug. 

She laughed. "I feel like such a damn, old fool!" She smiled at him and pulled herself together. "Well, Travis, tell me about this company you work for? Should I sign up?"

Adam smiled and let Travis do the talking this time. He noticed another dealer standing at the booth and left Travis's side to take care of them. His heart was full as he tried to focus on the job in front of him. 

Travis signed up Marie as a dealer and promised to keep in touch, before she left to meet up with a representative from John Deere. 

The rest of the morning was sort of slow and they both began to get a little antsy cooped up behind the booth. Travis excused himself a few times throughout the morning and Adam noted that he left with the shopping bag one of those times and came back without it. His curiosity was peaked, but let it go. If Travis wanted him to know, he would share.

It was during one of Travis's frequent departures from the booth that Adam felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up and a shiver ran down his spine. Michael and Ben had taken off for a break, so their booth was empty. The vendor across from him was busy talking on his cell. He couldn't find anything amiss, but took his time and scanned the room for...well, if he was being honest with himself, he was searching for Albert. He saw no sign of him, though. 

God, his guts had twisted when Albert meandered up to the booth the day before. Smiling. As if this was something he did every day. 

"Adam," his voice had been dripping with phony pleasantry, "how nice to see you! How long has it been, old friend?"

He had sounded like he was just bumping into an old buddy. The color had drained from Adam's face in seconds. He remembered feeling trapped and tried his best not to panic. Albert had caused him enough panic in his life already. 

Adam wasn't even sure what he said to him. He just needed him to leave. His eyes had searched the room for Travis, silently praying for him to rescue him. But, then again, Travis didn't know anything about Albert. 

It had been years since he had seen or heard from him. He had almost let himself believe that Albert had finally let him go. He should have known it was too much to hope for. Thankfully, Travis had arrived and forced him to leave. And then he had rescued him again last night!

When he had watched Travis shove Albert into the elevator, Adam had never been more turned on in his life. He had felt like a silly school boy meeting his hero and....oh, god... he remembered.... Had he really begged Travis to take him? Had he really offered to let Travis take him in the hall? Had he really said all that? 

He felt that oft-present blush increase in his cheeks as images from last night flashed through his mind. Fuck! He was getting hard just thinking of Travis inside him. He felt himself shudder as he looked up and saw Travis walking his way. God, he was sexy. His broad shoulders, hips and thighs moved with confidence and ease. He instinctively licked his bottom lip as he let his gaze drop to the bulge in his jeans. 

Travis slipped in behind him and chuckled. "You look flushed, baby... is there anything I can...do...for you?" His voice was husky and hot against Adam's neck. 

Adam glanced around. No one was looking their way. He twirled around to face Travis and brazenly placed his hand on the bulge, ever so slightly rubbing him through his jeans. 

Travis's eyes widened and his dick hardened and pressed against the damn fabric, begging to be let out. He groaned quietly. "You better be careful, Adam. If you start something here, I may just finish here. Do you want me to take you right here?"

Adam gasped and pulled back his hand. He knew Travis was teasing, but still... He looked into Travis's eyes and saw pure desire. Lust. Like Adam was his prey and Travis hadn't eaten in a long, long time. 

Travis's eyes flashed dangerously as he almost forgot where he was and considered bending Adam over the damn table. After last night, he was having trouble keeping his impulses in control. He had never felt anything like he did last night when he was with Adam. Inside Adam. Holding Adam. 

Adam smiled, but his chin quivered a little. He tried desperately to tear his eyes from Travis's, but he felt powerless. Thankfully, Travis closed his eyes, breaking Adam free of the almost hypnotic state he was in. He felt his heart pounding, the beat thrumming through his entire body. The feelings Travis triggered in Adam were more intense than anything he had ever known.

Travis was trying very hard to gain control of himself, as well. Whenever he was around Adam, he felt like a horny teenager. All he could think about was being with Adam. Kissing him. Touching him. Licking him. Sucking him. God, he was going to lose his fucking mind! He opened his eyes and was relieved to see that Adam had turned away. When he had seen Adam watching him from across the room, he felt desire hit him like a punch. But when he saw Adam lick his bottom lip, he could have cum in his jeans right there. There was something about Adam's lips that drove him crazy. They were so sweet. And sexy. 

He noticed Ben and Michael were back and thought a few minutes out of the booth might cool him off a little. 

"Hey, I'm going to go chat with Ben and Michael for second, okay?" He hated that his voice sounded strained. 

Adam bit back a smile. Nodded. Watched him walk out into the room. Couldn't take his eyes off Travis's ass. 

"Alone at last!" 

He whipped his head around to find Albert leaning over the table. Smiling that disgusting smile. 

"Get the hell away from me!" 

"What's wrong, Adam?" Albert feigned wide-eyed innocence and pulled his hands back like he was surrendering. "I come bearing no ill will. Even after that ruffian attacked me while you simply stood there and let him! But, sweetheart, we can talk about that later."

"Look, I have a restraining order against you. You have five seconds before I call the cops." Adam pulled his cell from his pocket. 

"But, Adam, I didn't break the restraining order, sweetie. You did! My family owns this hotel and you are my guest. I would never want to cause you harm, but if you want to keep your rescuer safe, you had better be nice to me." Albert's sing-song voice made Adam feel ill.

"What do you mean?" he growled out. 

"Why, sugar, he assaulted me. On my own property! I should have him arrested." 

Adam's eyes grew wide and he froze. Oh, god, he couldn't let anything happen to Travis! 

"Ah, I see that we may now have an understanding. Good." 

Just then Travis looked over and observed what was happening. He moved faster than he ever had in his life. He may not know why Albert was messing with Adam, but he knew that Adam was scared. And that's all he needed to know for now. 

He stepped up to Albert until his face was an inch away. The oily man jumped back, startled that Travis had shown up. 

"Get the fuck away from my boyfriend, you snake. Come near him again and I will call the hotel security, do you understand?" Travis was enraged that his sniveling man felt entitled enough to even speak to Adam. 

Albert's lips curled into a hideous smile. "Oh, yes, we certainly wouldn't want the hotel security to get involved, would we Adam?" But he stepped back from Travis. "But, your wish is my command." With a wave at Adam, he stepped back into the aisle, turned and headed out the double doors.

Travis wanted to jump the table to get to Adam, but held back. He hurriedly slid back behind the table and took Adam into his arms. He didn't care who saw him. Adam was shaking. Travis decided then and there they were done for the day. He quickly made a sign on the table saying: LEFT EARLY. BE BACK AT 9AM TOMORROW.

Travis grabbed the laptop and Adam's hand and pulled him swiftly through the room and out the double doors. He punched the button and waited for the elevator. Adam looked down at his hand in Travis's. He glanced around and saw a few people notice, but no one seemed to be making an issue of it. The door slid open and Travis pulled him in, pressed the 'Close Doors" button before anyone else could join them. 

Travis stayed silent, his hand tightly gripping Adam's. The ride was short and within a minute he was opening their hotel room door and ushering Adam in. Travis dropped his hand and gestured for him to take a seat on the sofa. 
