 The sudden blast of music ripped Adam out of his sleep and he shot up in bed. 

"What the hell?" he mumbled, trying to make sense of what was happening in his groggy state. He could hear cursing coming from Travis as he fumbled around on the floor in the dark searching for his cell phone. Heard it clink against something on the floor and then the loud noise mercifully stopped. Adam's eyes adjusted to the darkness and he finally saw Travis walking around the room. Naked. 

Adam smiled. He couldn't see everything, but he liked knowing Travis was naked. His dick twitched under his sheet. Oh, yeah, he liked knowing Travis was naked. 

Travis didn't realize Adam was awake, yet. Hadn't even looked over to see him sitting up. He had been dragged from his slumber to the unwanted music from his phone and hurriedly tried to find it in his groggy morning state. He had wanted to stay wrapped around the naked man in his arms, not search for a damn phone in the dark. 

"You could have turned on the light, you know." 

Travis's head whipped around to see Adam sitting up in bed and reaching over to turn the lamp on. 

He drew in his breath at the sight before him. Damn! Adam was adorable in the morning. His shaggy hair was mussed and he was half covered with a sheet. He growled low as he felt his cock begin to plump up. 

Adam was smiling at him. He pulled back the sheet and patted the spot next to him. 

"Hold that thought." Travis ran to the bathroom to take a piss. He turned when he heard something and smiled to see Adam sleepily padding into the bathroom. He shook his dick a couple of times and flushed as Adam moved behind him and wrapped his arms around Travis's waist. 

"Good-morning, sexy." Adam's words were hot and breathy on his back. He felt himself stiffen as Adam's hands rubbed up his stomach and stopped at both of his nipples. He leaned back a little and moaned as Adam flicked them and rolled them between his fingers. 

"Like that?" 

"Mm. Yeah."

Adam smiled. He liked finding out what Travis liked. He ran one hand down his chest and to the side of his waist, feeling the muscles tremble under his touch. Travis sighed a little and let his head fall back a little more.

Adam stepped back a little. "Um, I need to use the toilet." 

Travis turned around at the whispered words. He saw Adam blush. Seriously? He was shy about pissing in front of him, but not too shy to admit he wanted Travis's cum all over him. He laughed and looked into his eyes. 

"Do you want some privacy?" 

Adam's blush turned darker as he nodded. 

"Okay," Travis said and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before exiting the room. He stayed out for a few minutes and when Adam came out he asked him if he wanted to take a shower together.

Adam's cock went from limp to hard instantly and Travis knew he had his answer. He grabbed his hand and pulled him along with him back into the bathroom, where he turned the water on and let it get warm before stepping inside. He held out his hand for Adam and smiled when he took it and stepped in with him. 

It was a simple, sweet gesture, but it made Adam feel special. Cared for. He couldn't really explain it. He looked into Travis's deep brown eyes and almost melted. He was looking back at him with such intensity. Not just sexual. There was something there. Adam wanted to show him he felt the connection, too. He found the shampoo and poured some into his palm. 

"Get your hair wet, Travis." His voice was tender. Sweet. Loving.

Travis felt something inside buckle as he looked at Adam. He knew he was a goner when he felt Adam's hands on his head and he began washing his hair. It was such a sweet, intimate thing to do. Something only lovers do. He trembled as he gave in to the sensations. His touch was gentle as he massaged his scalp, making circular motions with his fingers, ensuring he covered every inch of his head. Travis shuddered as Adam rinsed his hair under the warm water before pouring the bath gel onto a washcloth and slowly, carefully washed Travis from head to toe. 

Adam knew something important was happening between them. Last night the sex has just been so hot, he thought maybe this was just a sex thing. But this seemed different. He lifted the washcloth again to wash Travis's hairy chest, tracing the double spiral tattoo with his soapy finger. 

Travis couldn't tear his eyes away from Adam. He was so gentle, so sweet. He stood still and enjoyed it, trying to memorize every second of this moment. 

Adam finally rinsed his lover off and leaned in, breathing in the scent of Travis. God, he was so manly. So sexy. He looked at Travis and smiled. Neither man had spoken for quite some time, as if afraid to break the dreamlike daze they were in. 

Travis returned the favor and washed Adam's hair, letting his fingers run through the silky locks. He tenderly washed his body, taking time to caress every spot. He loved how soft his skin was, and yet he could feel the lean muscle underneath. He shuddered as he realized how powerful he felt performing this simple task. Adam trusted him completely. He felt it in every cell of his being. He rinsed all the suds off and turned the water off before reaching for a large, fluffy towel. He placed the towel around Adam and pulled him out of the shower so he could dry him off. He couldn't get over how sweet and sexy Adam was. 

He leaned in and brushed his lips against Adam's. Soft. Sweet. He wanted more and leaned in, cupping Adam's face with his hands, pulling him close. This time he kissed him harder. Felt his lover's mouth open to him and he took full advantage. Let his tongue sweep inside his hot mouth. Felt his tongue rub against his own. Felt Adam meld his body into his. Felt the hard shaft pressed against his stomach and groaned deep in his throat. He started walking Adam backwards back into the room until they reached the bed. 

"I want you," Travis growled low and he gently pushed him onto the bed.

Adam laid down on his back. "Then come get me, Travis!" His eyes twinkled and he slipped his pink tongue out to lick his lips. Then he spread his legs out, cupping his balls. "Do you see something you want?" 

Adam's kept his eyes on Travis's face as he brought his hand up from his balls and slowly stroked his swollen cock. His gaze dropped to Travis's dick and he licked his lips. He could see the glistening drops of precum oozing out the slit. 

Travis stood there and stared at the beautiful man laid out in front of him. He cupped his bulging dick and groaned a little. Stroked the thickening cock. Felt a dribble of precum at the tip of the engorged head as he brushed his thumb over the top. Groaned again.

Lube. He needed the damn lube! He found his bag and pulled out the lube and the box of condoms and set them on the night stand. Adam smiled.

"Were you a Boy Scout?" He asked. "You came prepared!" He laughed. 

"I'm always prepared!" He grinned back. "And yes, I was a Boy Scout!" Watched as Adam laughed out loud at that. 

"So, you were prepared to what? Seduce me? Make me yours? What was the plan?" Adam's voice was soft, teasing. 

Travis crawled into bed, kneeling between Adam's sinewy thighs. He wasn't about to tell Adam he was planning on getting lucky with some other random guy to try and get over his attraction to him! He leaned down and kissed his chest. Little delicate kisses around his nipples, stopping periodically to lick and suck his tight little nipples. He loved the light wispy hair on his chest and ran his fingers up and down Adam's soft skin. He could feel Adam's hard dick pressing against his chest as he kissed farther down until his mouth was hovered over the swollen tip. He saw the precum and couldn't hold back. He licked it up, savoring the salty flavor. 

"Mm. You taste so good, baby."

Adam bucked his hips in response. He wanted more. He moaned as Travis pushed his hips back down on the bed and then slid his body up and over him until he was completely stretched out on top. Skin to skin. Heat to heat. Hard cock pressed to hard cock. His lips sought out Adam's and took possession quickly, slipping his tongue through Adam's opened mouth and sweeping along until he reached his lover's tongue. He sucked on it and let it go before pulling back a little and biting his bottom lip. He loved the feel of Adam's lips. Soft and strong. 

The intensity of the kiss rocked Adam. He moaned into his lover's mouth and felt Travis's hands slide into his hair and then down to his shoulders. 

Travis wanted to touch him everywhere. He broke the kiss and lapped his way down Adam's sweet, soft neck. Liked the taste of his freshly cleaned skin. The smell of his hair. He breathed in deeply and rained more kisses down his chest. Liked the feel of Adam's feathery blonde hair that trailed down his flat stomach. Felt Adam's hands in his hair. Felt him tense when he reached the junction of his thighs again. He slid his tongue out and licked the base of Adam's cock, felt the wiry bush against his chin. 

Adam arched up, silently begging for more. But no, that wasn't his plan. He licked up the shaft once, to tease his lover a little. Then he brought his hand down and cupped his balls. They were thinly covered in soft blonde hairs. His tongue slid out and licked them. Just a quick lick and Adam moaned. He licked them again and Adam's hands dug into the sheets. Mm, he likes this, Travis thought. He ramped it up a little by gently sucking one of his nuts into his mouth and swirling his tongue over it. He loved the flavor, the texture, the scent. But he loved Adam's reaction the most.

"Travis!" he cried out. 

He let the nut slide back out of his mouth and gently suckled the other one. Adam's balls were wet with his saliva and he slid the nut out and licked back up his long, slender dick. He wanted that in his mouth. His tongue flicked the tip and tasted more precum. 

"Mm," he moaned.

"Please Travis!" 

"Please what? Is something wrong? Do you need something?" he teased. 

"Please! Suck my hard dick!" 

Hearing Adam beg put him over the edge and he sucked his dick deep into his mouth, bobbing up and down, sucking and licking and using his hand at the base to help guide him. Adam's hips bucked up to meet his mouth and soon they were in a rhythm. Suddenly, Travis pulled back.

"No, please!" Adam begged.

Travis spied the bottle of lube on the night stand and reached for it, pouring some on his index finger. Adam's eyes got wide as he watched him go back down on him. They were soon back in the same rhythm and Adam had forgotten all about the lube.

Travis hadn't. 

He reached his finger under Adam's balls and traced along the taint and around to that tight little pink hole. He heard Adam gasp as he traced it lazily with his lubed finger, still sucking and licking his cock. 

Adam was in heaven. The man he had lusted after for months was sucking his dick and touching him. This was his dream come true. 

And then he felt that finger slide inside. Just a tiny bit. Just barely opening the tightly puckered hole. But it was enough. 

"Fuck yeah!" 

Travis slid his finger in a little more, about a half inch. Damn. He was so hot and tight. He wanted to fuck him so bad, but knew it wasn't the right time. Besides, this was not some one night stand. He slid his finger out and Adam shuddered. He felt his dick tense in his mouth and sucked harder, milking him. Wanting to taste that hot cum. 

"Fuck! Mother fucking cock sucking best fucking head ever!" Adam screamed out as his body found that sweet release and poured his seed into the hot mouth on his dick. 

Travis sucked and swallowed every drop of that precious thick cream until Adam's cock grew soft and slipped out of his mouth. He moved up to lay down on his side and pulled Adam close to him, wrapping his arms around him. Adam leaned back and sighed as he felt Travis's warmth surround him. He smiled and started to drift back to sleep.

"What about you?" he whispered, suddenly. He couldn't let Travis think he was a selfish lover. "I want to make you feel good, too."

"Sh. It's fine, Adam. All I wanted to do was pleasure you. Go back to sleep. We have a couple of hours before we really need to get up, baby." He hugged him tighter to his body and they both drifted to sleep, content and sated. 

A few hours later they were getting dressed to go down to the waffle bar in one of the hotel restaurants when they heard a knock at the door. 

"Housekeeping!" Someone called out and opened the door. An older woman stepped through the door, pulling a fold-up bed on wheels behind her. She was struggling a little with the bulk of it. 

Travis ran over to help her.

She looked surprised to see him. "Oh, sir, I'm sorry. I didn't think you were in the room. The front desk said you needed this bed right away." She glanced at Travis, wearing only a faded pair of Levi's and then to Adam, sitting on the bed in a white tank and boxers. Her gaze fell to the bottle of lube and box of condoms on the night stand. 

Adam blushed furiously as he realized they had been busted and tried his hardest to remain calm. Not Travis. He laughed. Loudly. 

"Well, ma'am, you might say we came to an understanding. I don't think we really need this. What about you, Adam, do you think we need this?" He gestured to the bed while he wore a goofy grin. He knew Adam was embarrassed. 

"We might," Adam responded, his tone surly. But then he looked up into his eyes and couldn't be upset. He actually felt flattered. Travis didn't care who knew.

The housekeeping woman wasn't sure what to do. Travis finally told her to leave it since she seemed worried she would get in trouble if she took it back when her boss had ordered her to deliver it. He shut the door behind her and laughed. 

"So, do you want this beat up old bed or should I take it?" 

Adam grinned. No fucking way was Travis sleeping in a separate bed tonight. He had plans for him! He pulled out a blue and white flannel shirt and put it on over his white tank, buttoning it up but leaving the top two unbuttoned, then rolling up the sleeves. 

Travis had pulled out a gray flannel shirt he bought just the other day and slipped it on, mimicking Adam's style. Buttoned up, but not to the top, then rolled the sleeves. Tucked it into his faded Levi's. Had to look the part to talk with dealers selling farm machinery. He bent down and dug into his bag and pulled out a pair of well-worn, black leather cowboy boots and stepped into them. 

Adam gasped. 

"What?" 

"You look like a cowboy!" 

"Um, yeah, I did grow up on a farm, just like you. Remember?"

Adam nodded. "But I've only seen you in work clothes and then jeans yesterday. Oh, my god! You are so fucking hot!" He looked Travis up and down slowly, heat building in his body. He groaned a little when he saw that some of that full, dark curly chest hair he loved was visible at the top of his shirt. He licked his lips and ran his fingers through his hair before looking back into Travis's eyes. He blushed, realizing that he had watched him lusting over him. 

Travis moved over and pulled Adam into his arms. "You are so cute." He kissed his nose and grinned again. "Adorable."

Adam's blush deepened as he followed him to the door. 

"Wait!" 

Travis turned to face him, waiting. His eyebrows lifted as he waited for Adam to say something.

"We have to be careful, Travis. Farmers and dealers aren't always open to...well, to two men showing affection for each other. And we don't really know what this is... I know, I know. Now is not the time to figure out what's going on between us. I just wanted to make sure we kept it casual out there." His words sort of poured from his mouth. 

"I don't care who knows! I am not ashamed of it. Are you?" his eyes narrowed.

"No! Of course not." Adam knew he was fumbling this. "Look, I want to show my dad- I mean our boss, that I can do this. And I want you to look good, too. If we lose business because people think we're gay, that will affect our jobs. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

Travis thought a moment and nodded. Unfortunately, he did understand. He was out to his friends and family, but he wasn't out at work. Yet. He was going to change that as soon as possible. But, he was able to see the wisdom in what Adam was saying. And if Adam wanted to impress the boss, than by god, he was going to do everything in his power to help him. 

"Well, if I have to spend all day without touching you, then I guess this will have to do," he said as he grabbed Adam and wrapped him in a bear hug as his mouth came down hard and took possession of him. His kiss was demanding. Urgent. Passionate. He poured himself into that kiss and pushed Adam back against the wall, trapping him. He grabbed both of his hands and intertwined his fingers with Adam's. He growled and pulled back, staring at the sexy man in front of him. His lips were swollen and his hair was mussed. His eyes were glazed over a little. He looked so fucking cute. 

Fuck, his dick was hard. He was going to have a boner all day if he had to be close to Adam and not touch him. He may have to find a way to relieve himself privately at some point in the day. 

"Come on, let's go eat." He laughed as Adam smoothed out his hair and tried to hide the bulge in his jeans. At least he wasn't the only one dealing with a hard on. 

The breakfast was great. Both of them scarfed down two full plates of food. They met a few other people that were planning on having a booth at the convention and made plans to sit at the same table at the pre-convention dinner tonight. They then headed over to convention check-in and then on to the mail room to pick up the boxes of display items, signage and equipment that had been shipped to the hotel a few days earlier. 

They found their booth pretty easily and were glad to see it was in a great location. The next several hours were spent setting things up and getting everything ready for tomorrow morning. The two men had a great time, laughing and making jokes as if they had known each other for years. Their banter came easily. If anyone had really looked, though, they would have seen two men not only having a good time, but also sneaking looks at each other, blushing occasionally, and finding reasons for small touches. The heat between them was palpable.

They had a late lunch with the guys setting up their booth to their right side. Ben and Michael. Both worked for a well-known tractor company and were there to showcase their newest models. Travis was surprised at how interested Adam was in one of the tractors. He asked a lot of questions at lunch.

"Whew," said Ben, as he sat back in his chair, "I was worried we wouldn't know all the answers on these new models, but the unexpected pop quiz you just gave us makes me think we are ready!" 

They all laughed at that.

"Why are you so interested, Adam?" Michael asked. "Are you going to run a farm someday?"

Travis was surprised at the question, but thought he really shouldn't be. They were still getting to know each other.

Adam cleared his throat a little and slid his gaze over to Travis. "Um, yeah. That's my dream. I grew up on a farm, well until I was ten, anyway. Then my parents sold it and we moved into the city. But someday I want to own my own piece of land. I want a small crop- haven't decided what yet- and I would also like to raise cattle." 

Travis sat back. Cattle? A crop? He had grown up on a farm, too, but had never really thought about having his own. He watched as Adam talked more about his dream and saw how he lit up. He obviously had this planned out fairly well. 

"Why are you working in finance, then?" 

Adam turned to answer Travis's question. Shrugged. "Gotta make money to have the down payment," he laughed. "And I like the people I work with." He blushed a little, wondering if Travis got that.
