 My escape that year was to Germany, my furthest one yet. Every summer since I graduated from high school, I've gone somewhere for the summer, if only for a few days. However, this was my first time out of the country - EVER. The previous summers, I had gone places in my car; I went to Colorado, California, even Vegas once. I would drive into town and find the cheapest yet decent-looking motel I could, and then I'd stay for a few days, sometimes weeks. I'd explore the town inside and out, seeing and doing anything that seemed remotely interesting. At least it was better than being at home.

This summer was different though. I'd been saving to go out of the country, and when I went to my travel agent, Germany seemed like a nice choice. It was relatively cheap at the time; apparently, there was some special going on with the airline I had chosen, and my agent had booked my lodging at a discount. Also, I had taken German in high school and college, so I could pretend that I actually had a reason to be there.

Everything was set, and I was off over the Atlantic to Europe. The flight wasn't so bad - it was an overnight flight, and I was able to sleep most of the time. I arrived in Berlin at around nine a.m. or so, and it was almost eleven by the time I got out of the airport and to my hotel. 

That day, I walked around the area surrounding my hotel, doing touristy type things, shopping and sightseeing and the like. My hotel was in a nice location, and there were many things in walking distance. There was, of course, the subway, but I didn't feel brave enough to attempt using it. I would save that for tomorrow or the next day. I had an entire week to face the subway. I took my time seeing everything I could without going too far, and by the time I decided to return to my room, it was almost nine. I wasn't turning in however. I was merely going upstairs to shower, and then I would be out again, exploring the nightlife.

I took a long, hot shower and took my time dressing myself, making sure I looked decent. I even made my hair look okay, which was a rare occasion for me. I checked myself and the mirror, and that night, I think I looked the best I had in a while. I had on a short-sleeved black shirt, dark grey slacks, and big black leather shoes. My dark hair was messy, but i was gelled so that it would stay looking as if I just got out of the shower. Since it was my first night out in a new place, I also changed my glasses to the more expensive, sleeker, classier pair I had bought a few months ago. I always like to have at least two pair with me, and I had worn my old ones during the flight and the day, just in case anything happened.

I had everything now but confidence. At first, I almost considered just taking everything off and climbing into bed. I was a bit intimidated by everything, and a little scared, too. I had a hard time getting people to like me at home, so how could I expect people from an entirely different country to take to me? It took a few minutes, but finally I forced myself out of my room and out of the hotel altogether.

During my journey earlier, I had noticed what appeared to be a gay bar near my hotel, and I decided to go there. Besides, if there wasn't much going on there, I could just walk right back to the hotel and sleep. On approaching it, it seemed fairly lively, and I figured someone in there had to want to at least talk to me. 

I walked in, and immediately, a few men turned to look at me. Some of them even smiled. I, of course, smiled back, then made my way to an empty seat at the bar. I had the bartender bring me a beer, which I was able to do confindently in German. My language skills were a bt rusty, but it was coming back to me gradually. I must have looked pathetic, just sitting there, drinking and looking down at the surface of the bar. Suddenly, I felt a hand on my back, and I turned to find a nice-looking German guy, who looked to be around my age. He was tall, averagely built with a great smile, short light brown hair, and deep blue eyes.

I looked him in the eyes. "Hallo," I managed to stammer out. My voice trembled and I was shaking.

"You're American, aren't you?" he asked with a thick accent. "I could tell. You don't look so boring like all the guys here."

"You're very good," I answered, more confidently than before. "I'm American. I just got here today." I then stuck out my hand to him. "I'm James".

He took my hand in his but didn't shake it. "Nice to meet you, James. I'm Erich. How are you liking Deutschland so far?"

"Oh, it's wonderful. I've been enjoying myself, and I've had a chance to practice my German."

"Oh? Sprechen Sie Deutsch?"

"Haha, ja, but I'm not so good at it." My face felt warm, and I imagines that I was blushing.

"That's fine. I don't mind English. Some of these other men would be quite... rude, though, and pretend as if they didn't understand you at all. I'm sure some of them want nothing to do with an American. I don't care though - you're cute and friendly. Better than these washed-up men here. Where are you staying, if I may ask?"

"Right across the street," I said, pointing in the direction of my hotel.

"Well," he said, smiling, then looking down at his shoes. "I don't want to sound too forward, but would you want to go back there and just talk or something?" His eyes were wandering all over the place now. 

I wasn't quite sure what to say. This was... very different than my typical experiences, but I sensed that he was probably similar to me, and wasn't used to this, either. "That would be great," I told him, getting off of my stool.

We left the bar, and, midway to the hotel, he reached down and took my hand in his. I couldn't believe I had such a nice and attractive guy coming back up to my room with me. When we entered the room, I sat down on the bed, and he sat down beside me.

"Well, we're here, " I said. "What do you want to do?"

"Here," he said, moving over to lay down on the bed. He put his arm on me and moved so that I could lay down with my head on his chest and his arm around me. I don't remember how long we lay there like that, but it was awhile. It was nice to lay there with him, talking and holding each other. After we'd talked for a while, I found myself looking directly into his eyes, and our faces were moving closer very slowly. Then it happened. Our lips were suddenly together, and his tongue was in my mouth. We kissed, our hands moving to touch each other in various places. I ran my fingers from the back of his neck, down his spine, to his ass, and then down his thighs. His fingers went through my hair and teased my ears. I moved my mouth from his to his neck, where I kiss and sucked gently, then licked up to his earlobe, which I took in my mouth and softly nibbled.

We writhed on the bed, entwined, kissing so heavily that I (and probably he) had began to perspire. Hands grabbed and rubbed various other parts, and soon, I found him on top of me, between my legs, and my shirt was being lifted over my head, then was flung across the room. He kissed me again, then let his mouth wander from mine down my neck to my chest, where he took time playing with and sucking both of my nipples. I reached down and held his head in my hands, massaging and playing with his hair. After a while, his mouth moved again - this time, he went from my chest to my stomach until his head rested on my crotch. He fumbled with my button and zipper and soon enough, I was pantless, as well as shirtless. 

As I lay there in my underwear, he kissed and licked the inside of my thighs, avoiding the obvious point of stimulation. He then climbed back on top of me, and we started kissing again, at which point I began removing his clothes. We lay there, almost naked, making out passionately. We stopped for a moment, and he looked directly in my eyes, giving me a devilish smile. I closed my eyes for a moment, and the next thing I knew, I was completely naked, and my cock was in his mouth. I looked down, watching him move up and down on me. He was so beautiful. He reached up, took my hands in his, and then placed mine on the back of his head. I kept him there, continuing to watch him suck me off. It felt wonderful; he really knew what he was doing. I don't know that I hd ever felt anyone work me like that - he knew exactly how far to take me in, exactly when to suck and when to lick.

It wasn't long before I felt as if I were going to come, so I tried to lift his head off my cock. He wouldn't have it though. He repositioned my hands to where the were previously and continued sucking me, faster than before.

"Erich," I moaned softly. "Erich... oh, Erich."

He moved faster and faster, and his hands grabbed my waist and pushed me deeper down his throat. I was all the way in; on his downstrokes, I could feel his face touch my body. As he got faster, so did the movements of his tongue within his mouth, and it was almost too much to bear.

"Erich... oh! Ich... ich... ich komme...."

And with that, I exploded within him. He immediately began swallowing, causing me to shoot even more. He came up, looking at me and smiling, then went back down to clean me up as I began to grow soft. When he thought he was sufficiently finished, he lay with me in the bed, our positions reversed now. I looked down at him, nestled on my chest.

"My god, that was wonderful," I told him, gently stroking his hair. I heard him emit a soft moan, and he then leaned up to give me a slow kiss. He got up from the bed and turned off the lights, then climbed back in where he was and pulled the blankets over us. Soon, he was asleep, and shortly thereafter, so was I. However, when I woke up, I didn't find him asleep where he was. In fact, I didn't find him anywhere. There were no signs of him in the room at all. 

I didn't know what to think. My first thoughts were horrid and self-deprecating, but I realized that it was nothing more than a casual fling with a complete stranger. I couldn't feel like there was more, really, because there wasn't. I didn't know anything more than his first name. The more I thought about it, the more I was comforted just thinking that it was nice as it was.

Before I left back to America, he called me in my room. He said he was sorry he ran out, but everything had been a bit much. We talked for a bit, then exchanged home numbers and addresses. He promised to write, and, upon my reflecting now, he has. We've exchanged a few letters, but suck a distance keeps us from growing too close. We've also decided that we would try and see each other when we can, and he's actually thinking of coming to America in a few months, as long as he can still afford it.

I look forward to seeing him again.