 I took the day off from work because the lawn treatment people were going to arrive. I figured I would get a quick shower before they got here. I barely showered and got out of the tub before I heard the doorbell ring. I wrapped a towel around me and ran to the door. There stood my lawn treatment guy. He looked to be in his early twenties, tall and blonde.

"I'm sorry I got you out of the shower like that. I'm Will, I'm here to take care of your lawn."

I said fine and I noticed that Will was looking at where I had my towel wrapped. I had the feeling he might have wanted to take a further look. Will went about his business and I toweled off and got into a pair of shorts. About an hour later I heard the doorbell again.

"I'm all finished. Would you mind if I used your bathroom?"

I led Will to the bathroom and then I went into the kitchen. I poured two glasses of lemonade and when Will showed up I handed him a glass. My treatment person was covered in sweat. I had to control myself and not take action. Will looked around and commented on how nice my house was. 

"Are you married?" He asked me.

"No, I am a single, gay man."

Will looked at me strangely. Maybe he thought you weren't supposed to tell people your orientation.

"How about you Will, do you like men or women?"

Will's face got a little flushed. I knew right then where things stood. He told me he had thoughts about men, but he hadn't really acted on it. I figured that was the time to act. I walked right up to Will and I kissed him flush on the mouth. Will pulled back, but I had him pinned against the counter. I opened my mouth and probed Will's mouth. To my surprise, Will opened for me and we had a tongue kiss. I reached down and was pulling on the belt of his pants. I got things freed up and pushed his pants and underwear down to the floor.

Out sprung a good sized cock. Will had to be over six inches in length. Will was also getting hard. I couldn't let that go to waste. I knelt down and took hold of his prick. I took Will's cock into my mouth. That got Will stirred up. I was going down on him and then I pulled off and licked the underside of his dick. Will's cock was soon erect and he managed to put his hands on the back of my head. 

I reached out and squeezed his balls. Will's cock was now twitching in my mouth. I wasn't going to have him cum quite yet. I pulled off and stood up. I slipped off my shorts and I let Will see my now hard cock. His eyes got big when I had him turn around and face the kitchen table top.

"I don't know about this," he said to me.

"Just relax and you will enjoy it," I said.

I guided my erection to Will's hole. I made him spread his legs and I fitted my cock head in place. I went slow, pushing past his sphincter. Will let out this cry as I slowly went deeper. I placed my hands on his shoulders and I told him to bend at the waist. The first time always hurts the worst. I began to thrust into Will's bottom. I circled my cock around in his tight ass trying to loosen him up. You should have heard the passionate noises Will was making.

I knew this first time was not going to be long and involved. I was sure Will had other places to be. I started to pound his greedy ass and Will managed to tighten his ass muscles around me.

"I'm going to seed your ass, Will."

A few more minutes of me taking his hole and I exploded. Will stood up as he felt my love cream enter his ass. I took my hands from his shoulders. One hand went to one of his nipples. The other surrounded his hard cock. I stroked his prick as I pinched one of his hard nipples. I kept my cock buried in Will's ass. I brought Will right to the point of cumming. He arched his back and cried out as his cock exploded all over the counter. 

There was cum flying all over as Will shot his load. I slowly removed my dick from his ass. I looked down to see my spunk leaking from my lover's asshole. That always turned me on. I started to kiss Will's neck and shoulders as we attempted to both calm down. Will did turn around to face me and we kissed once more. Our cock were rubbing together and I wished we had more time for fun.

Will broke from my kiss and he went back into the bathroom. When he came back he got dressed. I told him I would love to do that again when we had more time. Will smiled and said yes, he wanted to have sex again. 

"Could I possibly fuck your ass, Tom?"

I said I would let him do whatever he wanted. We exchanged phone numbers and I am now hoping I hear from my lawn treatment man soon.