 I never believed I would have the courage to suck a cock. Since I was eighteen, I had fantasized, but was too terrified to go any further than masturbation. Besides, I loved fucking women almost enough to forget about my taboo obsession. 

And an obsession it was. Every night, lying in bed, I would rub my cock up and down, dreaming it was another man's. As often as I could, I would visit gay chat rooms, detailing my fantasies with strangers and jerking off. 

To my delight, I produced plenty of cum to play with. I would explode in my hand and suck my fingers like a child eating an ice cream cone. Other times, I would shoot stream after stream into a shot glass, hold it up against the light to inspect my prize, and pour the warm load into my mouth. At first, I couldn't stand the taste, but after leaving it linger on my tongue again and again, I grew to love it. 

That only made things worse for me. I would cum on my desk next to the computer and lap it up like a hungry dog. As I built up more courage, I would watch myself masturbate in the mirror, admiring my cock as my hand slid up and down the hard shaft. When I couldn't take it anymore, I would build up to a thunderous orgasm, and gaze in wonderment as perfect white ropes of cum splashed against the glass. As quickly as I could, I would drop to my knees, licking and sucking the flavorful fluid off the cold surface. Sometimes I would rub my face on the mirror, covering myself in my own juices, watching myself perform the depraved spectacle with delight. 

My favorite was to lay on my back, throw my legs over my head, and cum all over myself and into my open mouth. Using my free hand, I would smear the hot liquid all over my face, savoring the smell and the sensation. I felt like such a dirty whore, like the women I had watched in porn movies, turned on to the point of delirium as I coated my cheeks and forehead. 

As I grew more brave, I would take it as far as I could, almost begging to be caught. I would cum into a shot glass, pour the liquid onto my tongue without swallowing, and walk downstairs to greet my roommate for the morning, cum still warm in my closed mouth. I waited for him to say hello, then swallow my salty treasure, and respond quickly, cum on my hot breath. Could he smell it? I wondered. My hands would shake in excitement as I smiled to myself, feeling like perfect cum-slut. 

Years passed, and my adventures continued. I eventually got my own place, immediately taking advantage of the freedom and privacy that allowed. Coincidentally, it was at that point I began dreaming of being fucked by a man as well. Anything I could find, I would shove into my tight asshole as I jerked off. I simply couldn't get enough. 

I would lay back, flip my legs over my head, and stare straight at my throbbing cock as I jacked off, lubing up the neck of a wine bottle with my own spit, barely able to control myself. My favorite moment was when the bottle would just pop into my asshole, right before it slid in. Fucking myself slowly, I would angle the bottle against my g-spot, feeling the tingle at the base of my dick as I stroked myself. And then I would come. 

Buckets of my perfect cum on my neck, my face, in my eyes, in my waiting mouth; God, I loved it. I could feel my asshole clench against the bottle, pulsing with my ejaculations, forcing it outward until I shoved it back in again and again. Once my orgasm subsided, I would let my legs back onto the floor, covered in the delicious juice, my mind in a haze.

Many a woman saw the inside of my bedroom as well, but I enjoyed even more when I was by myself. I revelled in my independence as I satisfied my every desire. Except sucking a cock. I wanted one so badly that I could almost feel my mouth stretch around a perfect dick, feel my lips slipping over the ridge of the head, taste the cum shooting against the back of my throat. But it was not to be. 

After turning twenty-one, I joined the Army, and predictably, these activities ceased. I couldn't even imagine how bad a beating I would take at the hands of my comrades if I got caught in the middle of my self-fucking sessions.

But as all urges go, they can only be suppressed for so long. I was completely exasperated. Fortunately, however, a solution presented itself in time as I began moving up in rank. "RHIP," the saying goes. Rank has its privileges. I eventually had a room to myself, no longer having to contend with a roommate like the rest of the junior enlisted. 

I wasted not a moment making up for lost time. As soon as I moved the last item into my new room, I locked the door, undressed, grabbed an empty beer bottle and balanced on the back of my neck. A bead of precum was already forming on my cock, as I took the neck of the bottle in my mouth, getting it dripping wet for my ass. 

I pushed it into my asshole, the familiar feeling of pressure and intense pleasure flooding right back to me. My ass was tight, not having fucked myself in months. I ignored the slight ache, using the thumb of my free hand to swipe the precum off the tip of my throbbing dick, immediately putting it in my mouth and sucking it off.

A loud knock on my door interrupted me. I froze with horror. "Trent, come on man. Let's go to the bar." I relaxed, stifling a laugh. If only they could see what I was doing behind the door. "Dude, stop jerking off and let's go!" If they only knew. I mustered some excuse about having to unpack all my stuff, and my platoon-mates eventually left.

The excitement of my lurid exercise proved too much. Inside a minute, I came all over my face. I wanted to get it all into my mouth, but I knew with the amount I was cumming, that was impossible. I was in absolute bliss. I continued to fuck myself and stroke my cock as I was rocked with the strongest orgasm I had ever had. 

I lay flat on my bed, my face covered in hot cum, bottle still in my ass, unable to move, my chest heaving. So was my arousal that within in a minute, I could feel my cock stirring again. I used my hand to gather my cum, intent on using it as lubricant for my next session.

Never in my life had I been so turned on. My dick, fully hard at this point, was already throbbing as I grabbed it with my cum-filled hand. Up and down the shaft, over the head, and down onto my balls, I spread my cum. I would stop periodically to wipe more of the liquid from my face and chest. I shut my eyes in absolute pleasure. My cock hardened my hand as drew closer to orgasm. 

My toes curled and my legs straightened, as wave after wave of pleasure flowed through my body. My dick stiffened one final time, and I came again. My asshole squeezed the bottle as streams of cum looped back onto my chest and stomach, the excess landing on the bed and on the floor. 

As my cock softened, I reluctantly withdrew the glass tool from inside me. I stood up, walked slowly to the mirror, and was greeted with the most magnificent sight. I was completely covered with my ejaculate. My face, my neck, chest, stomach and thighs. What a fucking cum-whore I had become. I loved it. 

It was at that moment I knew, despite how much I enjoyed these occasions, I had to have the real thing. I needed cock. I needed to feel it sliding in and out of my mouth. I needed to taste the cum of another man, feel the hot liquid spraying all over me without my control. I needed to be utterly used. I needed to be fucked. I needed cum in my ass. I needed to become the slut that I knew I was.

I wiped myself down with a towel, too tired to eat the cooling cum from my body. I jumped in the shower quickly, and returned to my room to get dressed.

As I did, my phone rang. "Trent! You need to get down here now! There are a million girls running around!" I resisted. "Dude! Let's go!" Against my better judgement, I relented. "Fuck it. I'll see you guys in a bit."

I could unpack later, I decided. I jumped in my vehicle, sped down to join my friends, and before I knew it, sat down with them at a corner booth. They were right. There were gorgeous women everywhere. It was like a Fellini movie.

At that moment, our server, having just seen me sit down, approached and asked me what I wanted to drink. I ordered a bourbon. "Honey, I'm gonna have to see your ID first. You look way to young to be in here." 

My friends laughed as I fished my wallet from my pants, "I think he likes you, dude." Our server rolled his eyes, glanced at my license, and stomped off, clearly offended. 

I felt badly, but there was nothing I could do. However, I did need to use the bathroom. I hopped up from my seat. "I'm going to piss," I said." Don't drink my shit." 

On the way, I bumped into our waiter. I apologized quickly. "Hey, man. I'm sorry about my friends. They didn't mean anything by what they said."

He sighed. "Yes, they did, and you know it." He laughed. "I'm Eric. Don't worry. You're sweet. I promise not to spit in your drink." 

The night wore on, and my friends becoming increasingly obnoxious towards our server, who became more and more upset. I felt terrible. As everyone stood up to leave, I went back to look for Eric to make amends for everyone's behavior. 

He seemed genuinely surprised. "How are you going to make it up to me?" I laughed uncomfortably at his flirtation. Eric looked into my eyes briefly, then placed his hand on my forearm and gave it a squeeze. "I could think of something," he said, smiling. Without my consent, my cock stirred in my pants. 

Eric looked down at the slight bulge with a wry smile. "I thought so." He pulled out a receipt, scrawled his number on it, and shoved the paper into my front pocket, his hand brushing my hardening dick. "Call me." 

My throat was dry, and my hands shook. I nodded, knowing I was about to cross a line that couldn't be uncrossed. With a wink, Eric walked away, knowing he had me. Despite my nervousness, I couldn't help but grin. "Good thing I decided to go out tonight." I said to myself. I stuck my hand in my pocket to rearrange my protruding hardness.

As I walked away, I could feel my heart pounding with excitement and fear. I couldn't believe it. This was finally going to happen.