 I found myself sitting on Eric's bed, not quite believing what was happening. Finally, after waiting four agonizingly slow hours until he finished his shift at the bar, I was here. My heart thumped in my chest; I was certain he could hear it. My hands shook in my lap. He touched my leg, assuring me, "It's okay. You don't have to be nervous." 

He stood, telling me, "I'm going to take a shower. Give me ten minutes." 

"Do you mind shaving?" I asked. 

"No problem," he said with a smile. "I'll be nice and smooth for you." He entered the bathroom and closed the door. I heard the water in the background as I kicked off my shoes and lay back, trying to calm myself down. I rubbed my cock through my jeans, unable to contain my excitement. Minutes seemed like hours as I waited.

Finally, Eric emerged from the bathroom in a towel. He sat next to me on the bed. "Why don't take your clothes off?" he suggested. I stripped nervously. As I took off my underwear, my previously restrained dick sprang to rapt attention. He eyed it carefully as I stood before him. "Ready to go, huh?" he asked with a grin. 

"Oh, I'm ready," I responded. "Why don't you open that towel?" He lay back on the bed and peeled the white cloth from his waist, revealing his beautiful erect cock. Seven inches long, wonderfully thick, a bead of precum glistening at the tip. I stared at it, mesmerized. I couldn't move. 

Eric whispered to me, "Go ahead." 

Years of pent-up desired engulfed me. The countless occasions in which I had fantasized about this moment flashed before my eyes. The moment had finally arrived. Without my consent, my right hand reached out and wrapped itself around his shaft. It was warm, rock hard, yet somehow soft at the same time. I slowly began jerking him off, feeling the skin slide up and down in my hand. With my left, I cupped his balls, massaging them softly, feeling the weight of them against my palm. They were moist, hairless, and smooth. 

All of my inhibitions evaporated. There was just me and this perfect cock, inches away from my face. I knelt on the floor, time slowing down as I moved closer and closer. I licked his precum and pulled back, leaving a sparkling trail to my mouth dangling in the air. Savoring the bitter, salty taste, I leaned forward and sucked down the rest. I slowly tongued the sensitive spot just below the tip of his dick. To my delight, Eric inhaled sharply, enjoying the sensation. Unable to hold back any longer, I descended on his cock, taking the head into my mouth. I paused, savoring the feeling of giving my first blowjob. The moment was even better than I had imagined. My dick throbbed. I knew that if I even brushed it with my hand, I would come. I was wild with arousal. 

My wet lips slid down his shaft; I felt him against my tongue as I moved downward. Then back up, the head gliding across the roof of my mouth. Then down again. Then up. I was in absolute heaven as I sucked him. In and out of my mouth he slid, again and again. I completely lost track of time.

I looked up at Eric. He stared down at me, and pulled my mouth off of him. "Suck my balls." he told me. Dutifully, I took one in my mouth, suckling softly and making circles on his sack with my tongue. He moaned, his eyes closed, and rolled his head back. His pleasure turned me on even more. With my right hand, I jacked him off slowly, sliding up and down his slick cock. I had to use my left to keep his balls in my mouth as I continued to lick him. Eric grabbed me again, and lifted my head upwards. My lips slid over the head of his dick, my tongue fishing out precum from the hole. Up and down I went on him, not wanting the dance to end. 

I popped the head out of my mouth, pausing to suck more precum off the tip. The taste drove me wild. I flattened my tongue and licked his cock from the base, all the way to the tip, then back down again. I felt like such a perfect cock-whore. Without realizing what I was doing, I rubbed his dick all over my face, tonguing his balls while I moaned with pleasure.

Inch by inch, I took him in my mouth. I wanted as much of him inside me as I could take. My mouth was completely full as his dick touched the back of my throat. To my disappointment, My lips closed around his shaft; I slid it in and out of my mouth, feathering under the tip of his cock with my tongue. Eric breathed heavily. 

Despite my excitement, my mouth began to tire. Reluctantly, slowly, I pulled off of his dick. I gripped the shaft, still slick from my oral attention, and jerked him off, twisting my wrist every time I reached the head. Eric leaned his head back and moaned, running his hands over his body with excitement. I couldn't believe I was doing this to him my first time. I knew my efforts were clumsy, but I loved that I was able to elicit these reactions from him.

Using both my hands, I rubbed every inch of his cock, then turned my attention back to his balls. I cupped them, felt the size of them in my hand, and returned to licking them. Drawing all the spit I could from my mouth, I wetted his shaft, wrapped both my hands around it, and jerked him off, twisting both hands back and forth in opposite directions. 

Eric tried to push me away as he told me, "You're gonna make me come." Immediately, I wrapped my lips around his cock. I removed one of my hands to play with his balls, then squeezed my other up and down the length of his shaft while sucking on the head and tonguing the just below it. He began breathing heavily, his chest heaving, mouth wide open. Eric softly grabbed both sides of my head, pulling my hair, overtaken with pleasure. "Don't...don't stop." he begged. He needn't have worried. There was nothing in the world that could have pulled me away at that moment.

I felt his balls tighten and pulse in my hand. And then it happened. A hot, salty stream of cum exploded into my mouth. Then another. Then another. I could feel the hot liquid pooling in the back of my throat, and there was only more. And more. I tongued his cock with a renewed fury, wanting every ounce of his hot load. I continued jerking him off slowly, milking every drop of cum from him. I was absolutely crazed with arousal.

His dick slipped out of my mouth. But I still had his cum. I swirled it around my tongue, savoring the taste, enjoying the warmth. Then I swallowed. His cum slid down my throat as I grabbed his cock, wrapping my lips around it again, not wanting the moment to end. I sucked the tip, hoping for a final few drops of the magical fluid, and I was rewarded for my efforts.

Eric collapsed against his bed, breathing heavily, eyes closed, running his hands through his hair. "That was incredible. Not bad for your first time," Eric whispered. "Now lay down. It's my turn." 

He sat up and grabbed for my cock, but I stopped him, pulling his hand away. "I want to come while you're fucking me." I told him. He smiled, surprised at my confidence. 

I lay down on the bed as he stood up to grab condoms and lube. Once again, my heart pounded. I just sucked a cock, swallowed another man's cum, and now I was about to get fucked. 

Eric returned to the bed, and sat at my feet. He squirted some lube onto his hands, looking downward at my cock. He crawled forward, and with his elbows, spread my legs. He grabbed my dick and began sliding his hands all around the shaft, up and down, side to side, using his thumbs to tease me. He leaned forward and began licking my balls as he rubbed me. 

I was in pure ecstasy. I arched my back, moaning, my eyes shut. Without warning, he stopped. I opened my eyes and looked at him with disappointment. "There's more to come, I promise." he said, smiling. He sat up onto his knees, and pushed my legs back towards me to himself better access to my hole. Using his already-lubed middle and index fingers, he began rubbing my asshole. Electricity shot through me. Instantly, I slammed my head back into the pillows, overwhelmed with pleasure. Then he bent his middle finger, and began teasing me with his knuckle, pressing on my opening, twisting it back and forth like a screwdriver.

As he continued to play with my ass, I felt his now-hard dick rubbing against my leg. Then my balls. Then he did the most erotic thing I had ever experienced. He grabbed both our cocks in one hand, jerking us both off at the same time, then began fucking the air, rubbing our cocks together back and forth. Precum oozed out of me as my cock throbbed, pulsing quickly. I had never been this turned on in my life. And he knew it.

He enjoyed the power he had over me as he continued to play. I knew what he wanted. He wanted me to beg. And I was going to. "Eric, please fuck me. Stop teasing me. I need your cock inside me." I told him. Looking directly into his eyes, I said, "Fuck me. Please fuck me now." Apparently satisfied, Eric finally pulled out a condom, tore open the package with his teeth, and began rolling it down onto his hard dick. 

"Is this what you want?" he asked. "Tell me you want it." 

I had had enough. I grabbed his cock and touched it directly to my exposed asshole. "Fuck me." I demanded. 

He squirted more lube onto his hand, spreading it all over his dick, and putting more on my ass. He began jerking me off as he pressed against my hole. "Are you ready?" he asked me. 

"Yes," I replied. "Just go slow."

I relaxed, and he leaned into me. I felt the first centimeter, then the next, then the next, pushing into my ass. I felt like I was being split open as his intrusion widened more and more, slowly and slowly deeper. Then suddenly, the head of his dick popped inside me. I moaned, ignoring the pain. I was being fucked. The last line had been crossed. 

Ever slowly, he kept moving his cock in me, pausing every few seconds to let my ass adjust. I looked down, and realized over half his length was inside me. The sight of his dick sliding in my ass was almost too much to handle. I swatted his hand away, stopping him from playing with my cock. "I don't want to come yet. You have no idea how turned on I am. Just fuck me." I told him.

He complied, sliding in all the way. I felt his body pressed against the back of my legs, his balls touching my ass. He pulled my ankles onto his shoulders and cocked my legs back against me, pushing down on from the back of my knees, leaning on top of me. My ass was stretched to the absolute limit as all his weight was on his cock, shoved as far inside me as it would go. 

In truth, it hurt more than it was pleasurable, but seeing him fuck me was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. My cock throbbed incessantly. And then he began sliding back out. And I somehow became even more aroused. Slowly, I felt his dick pulling out of me. Then sliding back in. Then out. Then in. "Your ass is so fucking tight," he whispered as he fucked me. Precum dripped out of my cock with every stroke of his dick inside me. 

But I wanted more. The condom made his dick feel cold, somehow mechanical. I begged him, "Please take off the condom. I need to feel you. I want you to come in my ass." He was hesitant, but too caught up in the moment to say no. Slowly, he withdrew, and pulled off the latex covering his dick. Then he pushed back inside me, much faster this time.

Without the rubber on, it somehow felt more real. It was as if I could feel every vein, every inch, every single part of him. My ass was stretched to the point of pain, but with his bare dick in me, it was incredible. Precum continued to ooze out of me as he fucked my ass. I reached down, swabbing up as much as I could with my fingers and gobbled it down.

Eric paused. "Roll over," he told me. "Get on your hands and knees." The words conjured countless images of the women I'd fucked over the years, completely submitting, simply taking whatever I gave them. And I was about to do the same. I couldn't turn around fast enough. He entered me again, shoving his hard, slick cock deep in my ass. I felt his balls against mine as he grabbed my hips with both hands and began fucking me in earnest.

Hard and fast he drilled me, his body slapping against my ass, cock penetrating me incredibly deep. Much like before, it did not feel entirely pleasurable, but the idea of it was so amazing that I was more excited than I had ever been. I looked over my shoulder at him, watched him close his eyes in satisfaction, hands curled around the creases in my hips. With my right hand, I reached between my legs and massaged his balls as he drove in and out of me. He moaned, and slapped my ass. Then again, then reached forward, grabbed me by the hair, and pulled my head back.

"Do you like that cock?" he whispered forcefully. "Do you like my hard cock in your ass?" 

"I love it," I responded. "Don't stop fucking me until you come." 

Seeing him so turned on drove me wild. I began stroking myself, knowing I would only last a few minutes. My cock grew harder and harder as he pounded my ass, and I jerked furiously. And then it happened. Eric grabbed me by the hair again, whispering into my ear, "Do you want me to come? Do you want my cum in your ass?" 

"Do it," I pleaded. "Fill me up with your hot cum." 

"Beg me for it," he told me. "Beg me for my cum." Before I could respond, he released my hair, and gripped my hips even harder. "Fuck...you're gonna make me come." He shoved his cock in me as deep as it would go, then paused. Then he did it. I felt a jet of hot cum inside me, filling me up. Followed by another, and yet more as he continued injecting me with his load. I felt the heat from his cum filling my ass, filling me with his hot seed. It was the most incredible feeling I had every experienced, far beyond what I could have possibly imagined. 

That was too much. I felt energy building from deep inside me, my heart racing, my free hand gripping the bed, my toes curling. Eric continued filling me, driving me over the edge. My ass pulsed, gripping his cock as I stroked mine. And then I came. I was inundated by wave after wave of pleasure flowing throughout me entire body. Cum shot out of me with an intensity I had never felt, showering the sheets below me. I was completely gripped by the force of my orgasm, completely at its mercy. I didn't know such ecstasy was possible. And I couldn't stop. I inhaled and exhaled though my mouth in short, ragged bursts, unable even to fully breathe, so strong was my pleasure. My body continued spasming, as my throes, to my dismay, began to fade. 

It was only then that I noticed that Eric had already pulled out of me. His cum dripped out of my ass, down my dick and off the tip, mixing with my own. I released my slowly softening cock, rubbing our cum all over my balls and my shaft, pulling my hand to my mouth, and licking it clean. 

Finally, I was able to catch my breath. I remained with my face flat against the mattress, desperate to hold on to the moment. My legs were spread, my ass arched in the air like a whore, my body soiled with cum and sweat, completely used. 

I was simply unable to move. I didn't care what happened next. I was complete. All I knew was that nothing would ever, ever be the same.