 I awoke with a start, confused by unfamiliar surroundings. Looking around quickly, I smiled as the memories of the night's events came rushing back to me. Sucking Eric's cock. Swallowing his cum. His hard dick in my ass, fucking me until he exploded inside me. And that orgasm. I'd never come so hard in my life. And I wanted more. 

Just thinking about it, my cock immediately hardened. Rolling over, I saw Eric sleeping quietly beside me, naked above the sheets, his dick lying limp on his stomach. Unable to control myself, I reached over to touch it, and stopped; I had better ideas. Easing down the bed slowly to avoid waking him, I licked my lips and hovered above his cock. I lowered my head, staring with excitement. Gathering spit on my tongue, I reached out with it, making contact with the head, and made small circles around the hole. Eric twitched, and I stopped my licking. I smiled as his dream, no doubt, took a far different course than it was on. Carefully, I scooped him up with my lips, sucking the head inside of my mouth. It was warm and soft, dried cum still on it; I made quick work of it with my tongue. Eric moaned. Taking as much of his flaccid cock in my mouth as I could, I slowly moved my head up and down, licking just below the tip, slurping quietly. Somehow, he stayed asleep. To my delight, he began to harden. I lowered my mouth down until it was tickling the back of my throat. I loved it. His dick became longer as I took more of him in, breathing softly through my nose, making sure I wouldn't have any reason to remove myself from his perfect organ. He grew to full mast as I continued sucking, moving up and down with intent. I turned my eyes upward to see if he remained asleep. For now, he stayed in a slumber. He continued moaning softly as I kept on. I felt so dirty, so incredibly aroused as I sucked him without his permission, taking advantage of him. In one night, this is what I'd become. 

Suddenly, Eric began thrusting his hips upward. I felt his hand on the back of my head, pushing me further down. He whispered, "Good morning" as I continued my oral attention. I pulled off of him, and grabbed his wet dick with my hand and slowly began jerking him off. I sucked both of his balls in my mouth pulsing them back and forth with my suction. He moaned again, rolling his head back on the pillow with pleasure. The dance continued, my hand slipping up and down his cock as I licked his balls. Unable to tease him any longer, I directed him back into my mouth and sucked with renewed frenzy, my hand sliding in unison. Sloppily, loudly, I continued slurping him; I couldn't get enough. I shoved my head down, gagging as it hit the back of my throat, making myself feel like even more of a whore. Tears rolled down my cheeks as I did it again. And again. Eric whispered, "That's it. Gag on my fucking cock." My dick throbbed as he commanded me. This was incredible. Eric used both hands to push me further onto him, so far deep that I could lick his balls. He grabbed my head, pulling it up and down, my mouth becoming his fucktoy. I gagged and coughed, not wanting to stop, as spit dripped out of my mouth. I was even more turned on than the night before. I was being used, and I loved it. Eric began breathing heavily, his chest rising and falling quickly. I knew he was going to come soon. 

He drew in his breath one final time, shoved me down on his cock as hard as he could, and in an instant, exploded in my mouth. My lips closed around his dick, not wanting to waste a drop. He continued shooting his cum against the back of my throat, so much that I couldn't hold it all in. His semen mixed with my spit, coating his balls as his orgasm continued. Finally, he stopped thrusting his hips, and to my disappointment, he stopped squirting his hot load into my willing mouth. I swallowed what I could, then moved up and down his softening cock to suck in the glistening coating. I put my lips tightly around the head of his dick, sucking hard, hoping to draw every bit of cum out of him. Savoring it this time, I let his cum settle in my mouth, savoring the taste. I swallowed again as I turned my attention back to his balls, licking them frantically, taking in every ounce of his nectar. What remained, I mopped up with my hands, and without thinking, rubbed it all over my face. Words could not describe how turned on I was. I had turned into a complete cum slut. I loved it. 

Eric sat up, smiling at me. "You dirty, dirty boy. What I am going to do with you?" he asked. I wanted him to fuck me, and I wanted it bad. I wanted it in the shower, to feel him bend me over and push me into the cold porcelain as he fucked my ass. But it was not to be; a voice in my head reminded me that I had to work that day. We wouldn't have time for what I wanted, I realized. I glanced over at the clock beside Eric's bed, and with relief, saw I had thirty minutes to drive onto base and get changed. I collected my clothes off the floor, seeing disappointment on his face. "Do you have to go to work?" he questioned. I nodded as I started to pull up my pants. "Wait," he said. He walked to his dresser and pulled something out of the top drawer. It was a thong. "You're wearing this today," he told me. My cock throbbed. I couldn't even imagine what would happen if I got caught with it, but knowing the risk turned me on even more. I kicked off my jeans, pulled the underwear up, feeling the thin cloth in my ass. It couldn't contain my still-hard cock, but I didn't care. As I continued to dress, Eric gave me another order. "I want to fuck you while you're wearing your uniform. You're coming back over tonight, and I'm going to fuck you again, Army boy." The thought turned me on even more. Already, I was waiting for the day to end before it started.

Fully dressed, I scampered out to my car, again feeling the thong in my crotch as I sat down. My dick strained against my pants as I drove off. I looked at myself in the rearview mirror, his dried cum still on my face. This was going to be a good day.