 I took Dickson, my male Boxer, in for an early appointment at the local chain pet store. He was there for a bath, and nail trim. I walked in and was greeted by a young white male saying he'd be right with me. I stood waiting and observed the guy. He was about 6', maybe 160, filled his clothes nicely and a fantastic ass. He walked up, and I gave him my name and what I was there for. He introduced himself as Brandon and found my appointment in the computer and asked if there was anything else he could do. I looked at him, I thought a I caught a quick grin, and told him I thought that was good.

Brandon asked if all my contact information was correct and read out my cell number. I told him that was correct, and I would be out running some errands so there was no huge hurry. Brandon said Dickson should be ready by noon. I told Brandon that sounded good and I'd see him later. I went by the boot shop and picked up my new boots and a pair of jeans. I hit the car wash and cleaned my truck up and made a stop at the grocery store for a few things.

I was fixing to leave the house and my phone rang. Brandon was on the line saying it was going to be a little later in the afternoon before Dickson would be ready. Brandon said a bather didn't show so everything was running behind. He said they should be caught up by midafternoon and he'd text me and let me know. I told him that was fine, and I'd be waiting. Brandon said, "Thank you for understanding Sir."

I got a text about 3:30 pm from Brandon saying Dickson was done and he did great. He also said he was getting off and asked if I wanted him to deliver Dickson on his way home. I told Brandon he didn't have to but if he was willing that would be ok by me. he said he was more than willing, Brandon read my address and asked if it was correct. I told him it was, and he said they'd see me in about 30 minutes.

I put on my new jeans, boots and my yellow t shirt. I heard Brandon drive up, then walk up on the porch talking to Dickson. I was standing inside working on my nipples and cock, so they'd be looking their best when Brandon rung the bell. I waited a few seconds and opened the door. Brandon was noticeably distracted and hesitated a minute and then found his tongue. He said Dickson did fine. I invited him in and asked how much I owed him. He said nothing since Dickson wasn't ready when he was supposed to be.

I asked Brandon about his delivery fee and he said there was no charge for that either. Brandon bent over to unclip Dickson's leash and I stepped up behind Brandon and bent over him, my crotch against his ass and grabbed his hand saying, "Sometimes that can be real tricky."

As we worked on the clip I said in Brandon's ear that somebody smelt good. Brandon raised up pushing me up and stood there. I asked if he was ok and he said yes, I smelt good too. Brandon turned facing me, I stepped in and dropped my hands to his sweet ass. While I was fondling that sweet ass of his, I leaned down and kissed Brandon deep and let him suck on my tongue. 

I stepped back, and Brandon smiled. I asked Brandon if he was okay with where this was going. He said, "I am fine with where this is going. I couldn't think of anything else today. We weren't really running late but I had a come up with an excuse to get you alone. I just had to check out that fine black body and get some of that big black cock."

I told Brandon, "I am glad you did. I was checking you out while I waited on you. I saw that fine hard ass and couldn't hardly take my eyes off it."

Brandon smiled and stepped up to me. He reached around me and pulled off my t shirt. When he got it off he tossed it to the side and leaned in and started sucking my nipples. I reached down and pulled his shirt up and over his head. He went back to the other nipple as I reached to his nipples. I reached and found the left pierced. I rubbed Brandon's head and told him I loved his pierced nipple. Brandon moaned and started dropping further tracing a path to my belly button and sucking and licking it out.

Brandon went down more to the front of my jeans and licked and run his teeth over the denim. I reached down to open my jeans and Brandon pushed my hands away. He opened the buckle and pulled my belt from the loops licking the end when it came out of the final loop. Brandon opened the waist button and kissed behind it as he worked the zipper down and pushed my jeans open, kissing lower and lower.

He moaned when he saw my jock and he said he loved it. He said he usually wore one but today he was free balling. Brandon wet his tongue run it down one side where the skin emerged and up the other side, over the middle and down again. I told Brandon to remove my jeans. He pushed them lower and reached to remove my boots. Next, he slid my jeans off and then my socks. 

I looked down at Brandon and said, "It's time to retire to the bedroom room. "

I gave Brandon a hand getting up and led him to my bed. I went and got Dickson's leash and then removed his collar and stepped up behind Brandon and placed it around his neck. I told him wearing that collar meant he was mine and the whole time he was there it was to remain on. I reached around in front of Brandon and opened his jeans and slid them down as he kicked off his shoes. I pushed them down to the floor as I knelt and drug my tongue down his spine.

I stopped at the top of his ass as he raised one foot then the other for the jeans to fall off. I placed one thumb into each sock and pulled them off. I stood and took the pierced nipple in my one hand and worked it while the other hand was playing at Brandon's puckered hole. Brandon was saying, "I have always wanted to pleasure a black stud such as you. The largest cock I have ever taken was 8 inches, but I will take yours."

I said, "You will take mine. You have no choice, remember what the collar means, YOU ARE MINE! I will use you as I desire. You are going to lay back on the bed and you are going to clean my ass for me Brandon from the base of my nuts to the top of my black ass." 

Brandon lay back, I straddled his head facing his feet, placing my hole on his mouth. As he cleaned me he would stick his tongue in my hole a tiny bit. Then he licked and sucked from the base of my balls to the top of my ass crack. I reached down and grabbed his nipples. When I squeezed his breath stopped. He was loving it. My jock was really getting wet now. I raised up and ordered Brandon to remove it.

I lowered my ass back to Brandon's mouth as he inhaled deeply and loved my hole with his mouth and tongue. I raised up and turned placing my nuts over Brandon's mouth. He freely opened his mouth accepting my nuts. When they were in he started sucking and licking around with his tongue. I took my cock in my hand and started slapping his face with it. He was moaning as I did this, leaving red marks on his face each time I slapped his face.

I pulled my nuts from his mouth, slid backward and let my cockhead stop over his mouth. I grabbed a handful of hair and pulled his head up, forcing half my cock into his mouth. His eyes bulged so I ordered Brandon to change positions. I lay down with Brandon over me in a 69 position. I ordered to take all my cock, or I'd make him do it my way. As Brandon tried I got the lube and started working his ass, starting with two fingers and working my way up to four.

The more fingers I played in his ass with the further down he went until he did take my whole big fat black cock. When he hit the root, I took the other hand and held him down telling him how good his throat felt on my fat black cock. I told him it was time for him to show me how much he loved my cock. I wanted to see him fuck himself. I wanted to see the look on his face when he took my fat cock completely in his ass.

Brandon raised and turned. I gave him lube and he coated my cock. He placed my fat head at his hole and pushed gently and stopped when just the head was in. I took the leash and pulled his mouth to mine and kissed him. Then I told him to continue, he pushed down again taking about four inches. Then again taking two inches. Next time he took my whole black cock in his ass as he screamed.

I ground my hips in circles as Brandon gasped, and thanked me for fucking his tight ass with my black cock. Brandon was delirious now that my fat black cock was stretching his hole wide going deep. I grabbed Brandon's collar and pulled his mouth to mine as he fucked his ass with my cock, going balls deep and rotating his hips. I pulled him close and told him I was ready to cum. Brandon said, "Shoot your load in my ass. Fill my ass with your load please."

I grabbed Brandon's hips and pulled them down on my cock and held him down pumping my load into his ass. I took his hips and pumped his ass up and down as Brandon groaned and kissed me. I held his hips tight and rolled him over putting his ankles over my shoulder and rolling his ass back as I pounded in and out of that tight little white ass.

When I was done I lay on Brandon and kissed his neck and face. We rolled over facing one another with Brandon kissing me as I played with his piercing. Brandon rolled us on over with me on my back and him on top. He moved down to my cock and started cleaning my cum from my cock. When he was done with my cock he went to my balls, licking, sucking, and rolling them both around in his mouth, humming the whole time.

Brandon let my balls come out of his mouth and moved up to suck my nipples. I pulled Brandon down by the collar and let him kiss me and suck my tongue as I played with his ass and in his ass with my hands and fingers. Brandon said he had to be going as he got up. I asked if he wanted a shower and he said that would be good. He followed me into the shower and I got the water going. 

I got the rag and started soaping it up. Brandon took the rag from me and stepped up and started washing me. Next, he cleaned himself up, getting rid of all the evidence from our fun this afternoon. I stepped from the shower with Brandon behind me and grabbed a towel. I dried Brandon head to toe brushing the soft towel over his sweet little well used hole. We retrieved our clothes, he dressed, and I just pulled on my jeans.

He walked up to me and rose on tiptoes to kiss me again and I grabbed a cheek in each hand and lifted him off the floor pulling his legs around me snug as he thanked me again. I told him next time he ought to just bathe Dickson at the house. He said he might just have to do that. I walked Brandon to his car and gave that sweet ass a pinch and a hard slap, Brandon just looked back and wiggled that sweet ass as he got in and drove away.