 It had been about a month since I had Dickson bathed at the pet shop and he needed another. I called and scheduled an appointment for when Brandon was there. I walked in with Dickson and Brandon saw us, and his eyes lit up immediately. He came over all professional acting and asked if he could help me.

I told him Dickson and I were really pleased last time and we just couldn't wait to come back for a repeat. Brandon stepped around the counter to get Dickson and I leaned in and clear his calendar for the night. Brandon looked up and said, "I will text you when Dickson is done Sir. Thank you, Sir."

About 4 pm I got the text. I texted Brandon and told him I was at a friend's house and we'd be in the basement lifting some weights, ring the bell and come on in with the address. I also told him to remove his clothes upon entering and place Dickson's collar around his neck.

The doorbell rang shortly, and we heard the door open and close. We heard Dickson and Brandon coming across the room and down the stairs. When they stepped into the room Brandon saw us sitting on the sofa. We both had spandex shorts on with the highway patrol symbol on them and nothing else. We had a porn video going with a bondage video on the big screen. Brandon did as I told him, he was nude and had on Dickson's collar and leash.

I motioned Brandon over and had sit between us. He sat down watching the movie. I asked if he had ever tried anything like bondage. He told me no, he hadn't, but he would like to try it. I told him to remain seated and we would set up the room. Brandon was watching us and the video. I removed the sling, a leather pad 36" x 24" with rings on the corners and a extension to hold the head.

Mike got the chains and attached them to the pad 3 on each side evenly spaced from corner to corner, 2 to the head piece and lay them out. Brandon was watching intently. I motioned Brandon over and ordered him to lay down on the sling. Brandon lay with his head on the extension as we pulled the chains together, attached them to a carabiner and positioned him on the pad.

We attached that to a rope running through a pulley attached to a ceiling beam. Brandon was just watching as we went about business. Mike stood over Brandon and made sure the chains were secure. I stepped over and got the wireless control for the electric hoist.

I raised Brandon a few feet and saw we needed to lower the head and raise the lower body chains. I lifted Brandon again and was more pleased, so I raised him to mine and Mike's crotch height. I lowered Brandon's head piece and stepped forward. He dropped his head back as I stepped up. I ordered Brandon, "Worship my dick while I introduce you to your new Master."

I reached into my shorts and pulled my dick up pointing to my belly button. Brandon was licking my cock as I said, "Mike is a coworker of mine, I expect you will show him how much you like a big black cock. We both are highway patrol officers. Mike is 6'2" tall, 240 pounds and is toting a 10" big black cock."

I turned the sling around facing Brandon's mouth to Mike's crotch. Mike stepped forward and said, "Brandon my boy. I expect you will show me how much you love a black cock. I plan on plugging your ass and mouth repeatedly. It may take you a little while, but my friend Clayton here says you're a fast learner, my cock is a little fatter than his, but you will take it."

Mike turned Brandon again and I stepped forward. I had pulled my cock to the side for Brandon. As Brandon started licking my cock Mike placed a thumb at Brandon's hole and whistled saying it was winking at him. Mike pushed in his thumb all the way and rotated it around as Brandon gasped. Mike removed his thumb and pushed in 2 fingers. Mike had slipped his shorts down and off.

I spun Brandon again. Brandon had closed his eyes and opened his mouth. He stopped in front of Mike and Mike stepped forward and put his cock head in Brandon's mouth. I took some leather cuffs Mike had just bought and placed them on Brandon's hands and feet attaching each to a chain. I pushed my shorts down as Mike pushed deeper and deeper into Brandon's mouth

Mike dropped his hands to Brandon's nipples, twisting and pulling them. The more he worked those nipples the more of Mike's cock Brandon took. Mike was about half in Brandon's mouth when he pulled out. Mike spun Brandon again and I stepped forward placing my big black cockhead in his mouth and pushing hard until I had 7 inches into Brandon's mouth as Mike pushed four fingers in his ass. Brandon moaned.

I looked down at Brandon and said, "Don't you make a liar out of me. I told Mike how great a mouth and ass you have. Take that fat black cock you love so much!"

I pulled my cock out and Mike spun Brandon again. I placed four fingers in Brandon's ass and pushed in, I pulled out and folded in my thumb and went for home. Brandon tried to yell but Mike sunk his cock all the way into Brandon's throat and held there. Brandon stayed down and didn't struggle just letting Mike's cock head rest in his throat. Mike started to fuck his mouth and throat.

Mike looked down and said, "Clayton is correct, you have made him proud. You can take a fat black cock with the best. You have a well-trained mouth."

Mike grabbed the collar on Brandon's neck and swung him back and forth fucking his face with his cock and his ass with my hand. Mike and I pulled out at the same time and spun the sling again. Mike stepped up aiming his cock at that sweet puckered ass of Brandon's. Mike placed his cock against that sweet pink pucker and pushed slightly as Brandon groaned. After he gained entry he went balls deep in one motion causing Brandon to scream in pleasure. 

I pushed Brandon's head, set my balls over his mouth and lowered them as he opened up wider and took both in his mouth. Mike took the chains in his hands and pushed and pulled fucking Brandon's ass with his cock. I reached to a cabinet and got a pair of nipple clamps. I installed them tightly as Brandon moaned on my balls. Mike was fucking that tight ass hard. As Mike plowed he looked at Brandon and said, "I am fixing to cum and I am going to fill that ass to overflow!"

As Mike deep stroked Brandon was thrashing, Mike said he was coming as he pile drove deep into Brandon's ass and filled his ass with cum. When Mike was done he pulled his cock out and spun the sling again pulling my nuts from Brandon's mouth. I stepped to Brandon's ass and went balls deep in his ass as Mike pushed Brandon's head down and pushed his cock into his mouth and throat all the way.

Mike reached over and got a small box from the cabinet and mashed a button and Brandon started really thrashing. The nipple clamps gave a very small electrical shock. Brandon was groaning around Mikes cock as Mike fucked his throat. Mike looked at Brandon and said, "Are you having fun?"

Mike pulled his cock from Brandon's mouth and Brandon said, "Yes Sir. I am happy to please you Sir."

Mike stepped to the cabinet, and got a rubber hood and a funnel and hose. Mike placed the eyeless hood over Brandon's head and positioned the hole over his mouth. Next he placed the hose into Brandon's mouth and pushed it in and ordered Brandon to bite on it as wrapped tape around it. I was still stroking Brandon's ass and started to cum when I saw where this was going.

Mike got the remote for the winch and lowered Brandon down about a foot from the floor. Mike placed his cockhead in to the funnel and started pissing, filling the funnel and hose and ordered Brandon to drink it. after finishing cumming I stepped up and took Mike's place filling the funnel. Brandon drank all Mike's and my piss, not losing a drop. 

Mike lowered Brandon to the floor and we removed him from the sling. I grabbed the collar and pulled Brandon over to the couch. We sat down with Brandon kneeling between my legs as I guided him to my nuts. I tapped Brandon and said, "Swap boy!"

Mike took the top of the hood in his hand guided Brandon's mouth to his nuts. He finally got both of Mike's big balls in his mouth and Mike gave him a little shock every few minutes just to keep his mouth and throat open. Brandon was all the way down to the base of Mike's cock as Mike held him down. Mike held Brandon's head down as he cum in his mouth and Brandon swallowed. When Mike finished he told Brandon to take my cum and after one more thing we'd be done with him.

Brandon crawled back to my cock all went all the way to the base in one motion as I grabbed the hood and started fucking his face. I fucked his face hard and slow, deep and shallow until I felt the cum building and shooting out in to Brandon's waiting mouth. Brandon swallowed and sucked, cleaning my cock.

Mike told Brandon, "Kneel here between Clayton and I, you may remove the hood also. You have really been a good boy."

We each reached down to Brandon as he said, "Sirs, I have had a really good time with you and you have opened me to other areas. As promised I have come to enjoy the new scene and I hope to return again and proceed a bit further."

Mike rose from his seat and motioned me up. He took the funnel and hose and placed the hose into Brandon's mouth. Mike looked at Brandon and said, "You will swallow as the two of us fill the funnel for you to enjoy. You hold it right under your nose, so you can smell the smell of real men and enjoy. If you ever want to see us again you will empty the funnel and hose completely."

Brandon did as Mike instructed. Mike and I stood and let loose with our piss and filled the hose, backing it up into the funnel. Brandon was giving it a tremendous effort as we filled to funnel. The funnel came within an inch of the funnel top edge when Mike and I stopped. Brandon kept at it until he had taken all our piss and raised the hose to get all of our piss. He didn't miss a drop.

We each gave Brandon a hand and helped him up from his knees. He stood in front of us and said, "Thank you Sirs for your wonderful urine. I really love being able to serve such virile men."

Mike looked at Brandon and told him he had permission to leave. I reached out to remove the nipple clamps and he was not to forget to take off Dickson's collar and put it on him and get dressed and leave.