 As Brad walked down the streets of the Interracial Love section with Kevin, he noticed a black man frozen in place. "Kevin, why is that man not moving?" 

"Oh, that's what happens when an Author pulls a George R.R. Martin and doesn't update his or her stories in a while." Kevin pointed left. "That way leads to the Anal section. The Maxwell version of 'This Woman's Work' plays when you get near it. If you go past that, you get the BDSM section and the Johnny Cash version of 'Hurt' plays when you get near that."

Brad frowned. "Why didn't any music play when I entered the Interracial section?"

"I assume white women yelling 'Give me that big black cock!' was enough of an announcement," Kevin said chuckling. 

They walked a little further until they reached Kevin's apartment building. They took the elevator to the third floor and Kevin led Brad into his apartment. 

"So how did you realize you were a Literotica character?" Brad asked. 

Kevin kicked off his sneakers and hopped on the couch. "Take off your shoes. I don't need you tracking jizz and pussy juice into my place. To answer your question, it was a slow realization. The fact that I was the only gay man I knew and that I only go to work when Sasha shows up to talk about Michael. Watching the news was the last thing that clicked."

Brad took off his shoes and carefully placed them beside Kevin's. "How exactly did that help you realize you were a fictional character?"

Kevin picked up the remote control and turned on the TV. "Watch."

A 40-something blonde milf and a 50 year old brunette man appeared on the screen. "Hi, I'm Patty Coks and this is my husband Trent. And this is Channel 69 News. In blowjob news, 35 year old Wilson got a blowjob from his gay friend Colton and he loved it. Wilson isn't gay, but his wife Sheryl is a prude who won't lick his balls. True friendship. In other blowjob news, 18 year old Ken broke both his arms and couldn't jerk off. To relieve his painful erection, his mother Sue gave him a blowjob. Both of them agreed it was perfectly natural and not at all gross. At press time, Ken's father Stu didn't know he was being cuckolded by his own son." 

The camera turned to Trent and he started speaking. "In harem news, billionaire Price Masterson got his sixth girlfriend. Serena is fresh out of college and is excited to share a man with five other women. She doesn't find the situation to be at all degrading and is willing to accept the lie that Price loves them all equally, even though everyone knows Brittany is his favorite."

The camera moved back to Patty. "In Sci Fi/Fantasy news, 30 year old IT guy Rob Smith found a lamp with a genie inside it. For some reason, the genie was a white woman despite all the mythology of genies pointing in a different direction. At press time, Rob was thinking of all the rape-y things he could do with his wishes. In Celebrity news, Emma Watson has fallen in love with 45 year old Biff Washington. She finds his back rolls and Cheeto covered fingers enchanting. She even agrees with him that his ex-wife Tammy is a total bitch and doesn't deserve the alimony she's getting. Biff is currently planning to take Emma to Buffalo Wild Wings where he will finger bang her as she dines on the finest meal he can afford." 

The camera shifted back to Trent. "In crime news, detective Dan 'The Sledgehammer' Trevorson is investigating the Fire Crotch murders, which are a series of murders where women had fireworks shoved up their pussies. He suspects it is being done by thugs who are out to destroy the constitution because they hate white people or some conservative nonsense like that. When he says thugs, you know that's code for the N word."

"That's it for Channel 69 News today. Patty and I are going on a family nudist trip, so tomorrow the anchors will be 40 year old Patrick Klein and his 18 year old boyfriend Tad Havins. Hopefully Tad won't read the poem he wrote about Patrick's balls again. We get it. You like those middle aged balls smacking your chin because your father never loved you."

Kevin turned the TV off. "The first I watched this they reported on a story about a story about a wife being okay with her husband banging her mother. That didn't make sense to me. A woman walking in on her mother banging her husband wouldn't join in. She'd kill those fuckers."

"There is a channel that just reports stories on Literotica? Shouldn't have more people figured out they are fictional by now? What are the other channels?" Brad asked confused. 

"People are too busy fucking to watch the news, Brad. And the other channels are LitTV, which is as best I can tell is just people telling stories by past sexual experiences," Kevin said as he relaxed on the couch. 

"I have another question. How do I know so much about Jane Austen novels? Drake never talked about those novels. Though he did once time travel to Regency England to bang a Duke."

"I think some aspects of the Author's personality and knowledge get embedded in characters. Like I know all Beyoncé's songs despite that never being discussed in the story. I'm 99% certain my Author is a black woman. But Drake can time travel? Man, you come from a wild story," Kevin said sitting up straighter at that.

"Yep. He said it is an alternative fact that gay men can bend time and space through the power of loving cock. Such a fucking dumb story. I wonder what he's doing now..." 

**********

"Abraham Lincoln, your cock tastes so good," Drake said and then proceeded to deep throat Abe's thick cock again. Drake knew eye contact was important for a good blowjob, so he gazed up at Abe's beautiful bearded face. All those pictures of Abe being kind of homely were fake news. He really looked like Jamie Dornan circa the first season of Once Upon a Time.

"Take my cock, you time traveling slut," Abe ordered thrusting his hips forward to fuck Drake's face and gripping Drake's dark hair.

Normally Drake only allowed being face fucked if you bought him an Egg McMuffin first, but since this was a president and not some twink he picked up in a mall parking lot, he allowed it. It was an honor to have presidential balls slapping his chin. 

Abe removed his cock from Drake's mouth and slapped his cheek with it. "Bend over the desk, bitch. It is time for my cock to meet your ass to make a more perfect union. But first I'm going to get a taste of that hole." 

Drake happily got off his knees and presented himself on the desk. He was finally fulfilling his life long dream of getting fucked in the oval office. The dream of patriotic sluts all across America. 

Abe knelt and spread Drake's cheeks. "I've never seen a butthole that color before."

"Oh, that's because I bleach it. Very popular with homos in my day. It is shame that homos in this time period don't have anal bleaching. Like that's even worse than being murdered for loving dick. Now kiss my ass, Mr. President. God, I've always wanted to say that," Drake ordered. He moaned as Abe compiled and buried his face in Drake's ass. Usually presidents only kissed the asses of big donors and corporations, so he knew it was an honor to have a president tongue fucking his ass. 

Drake turned his head as he heard a "What the fuck?!" from the side. He saw his boyfriend Jeremy standing there and he looked pissed. Jeremy was in his early 30's, about 5'11" and skinny. He had started dating Jeremy to use his Netflix password, but stayed because he had a big TV. Drake wasn't about to go back to watching Grey's Anatomy on a smaller TV.

"You traveled back in time to get your ass eaten by Abraham Lincoln? Drake, will you ever stop cheating on me?! First it was that taco truck guy, then it was a Steve Buschemi impersonator, then it was my dad in the back of my car. And that's only the ones I know about," Jeremy yelled.

Abe wasn't fazed at all by Jeremy's ranting. He just kept on tonguing Drake's hole like an invading force. Drake giggled as Abe's beard hair tickled his ass. 

"This isn't cheating. In this time period, you weren't born yet, so while I'm here we aren't in a relationship. Ohh. Fuck yeah, Mr. President. That taco truck guy has a name and it is Rafe. He gave me free guac, so it was only right for me to let him fist me in his taco truck. The Steve Buschemi impersonator held the door for me at the bank, so it was just good manners to lick his balls. And your dad bought us a house plant, so I had to let him breed my ass in the backseat of your car. All the etiquette books say that is the proper response. Uhhh. That's a long tongue. Now fuck me, Abe," Drake moaned. 

Abe removed his tongue, sprung up and buried his cock in Drake's ass before Jeremy could even object. He gripped Drake's hips as he started fucking him hard like a ragdoll. 

Jeremy's jaw dropped. It was one thing to find out about Drake's infidelities after the fact. It was quite another to watch as one of the greatest presidents in history slapped his boyfriend's ass and wrecked the hole that should have been exclusively Jeremy's to pound. 

"Jesus Christ. With all due respect, Mr. President, could you please stop fucking my boyfriend?" Jeremy asked as politely as he could manage. 

Abe laughed. "Fuck off, pussy. I'm President of the United States of fucking America. I'll fuck any ass I want."

"Fair enough," Jeremy said pathetically. He just stood and watched for about fifteen more minutes as Abe skewered his boyfriend. Drake groaned as his jizz hit the desk. Jeremy let out a little "Thank God" as he noticed Abe twitching and grunting as he nutted inside Drake. 

Abe pulled his wilting cock out of Drake and turned to Jeremy. "Now eat my load out of his ass."

Jeremy paled. "Um, no thank you, Mr. President."

"Did I stutter, bitch? I said go eat my load out of that whore's ass and be quick about it. I have to get ready for a play soon."

Jeremy walked over and got behind Drake. "Will you at least stop fucking my family members? Like you don't need to fuck my brother Josh. He's married with two kids." 

Drake seemed to think about it for a few seconds. "I have to fuck Josh. I don't want him to feel left out after I fucked your dad and your grandpa. It would be rude to exclude him."

"You fucked my grandpa?!"

"Um, yeah. You are so supposed to respect your elders and I showed him respect by treating him to the early bird special at a diner and fucking him in the bathroom. Your grandpa is a big dicked bottom by the way. Just thought you'd like to know. Now eat Abe's load out of my ass."

Jeremy sighed and proceeded to lick up the cum that was leaking out of Drake's ass. He didn't know why he was pathetically accepting being cuckolded. He swallowed Abe's load and figured he'd think about it more later.

**********

Coach Grant sat on the couch of his craftsman style home with his wife Carol holding her hand. "Carol, I have something to tell you. I'm addicted to big black cock. I've slept with every black guy on the basketball team. They've cum in all of my holes. Seriously, Dewayne got some of his cum in my nose last week."

Carol gasped. "My sister warned me about this. Brenda said on our wedding day 'That man looks like he wants a big black cock to smack him in the face.' And I told her no. You were a good Christian who only wanted pussy once a week for three minutes missionary style with the lights off so Jesus can't see my titties and pop a boner. She's going to crow about this for years. It'll be just like when she was the first one to get finger banged by our uncle. Like she's so special. Smug bitch."

Coach Grant started to tear up. "I don't know why I do it. It is like someone is putting these thoughts in my head. I don't want to cheat, but a thought enters my head and the next thing I know I have 12 black guys cumming on my face. I need help." 

"No, the only help you need is more black cock. This isn't a part of the narrative. You're supposed to be telling her you're going to go visit your mother, but really you are going to the 2017 Hip Hop Awards to get some superior black cock dominating your hole," a booming voice said. 

Carol looked around confused. "Is that Jesus? If Jesus wants you to be a black man's whore, I can help. I can hand out flyers to black men on the street inviting them to fuck my husband. I'll have Popeyes chicken here and Arizona ice tea for them to eat and drink in between gang banging my husband. Should I hire a DJ so they can have a beat to bang my husband's asshole to?" 

"Carol, that Popeyes chicken and Arizona iced tea remark is kind of racist and that's saying something coming from me the author of this racist ass story. Why is this happening?! This must be because of that mediocre UghOkay. His useless non-sex character became self-aware and infected my characters. Fuck," the booming voice of the author of this gay interracial story exclaimed. 

Grant stood up. "That isn't Jesus, Carol. That is Satan trying to control me. He must be the reason I'm addicted to black cock. He brainwashed me into it. He's the reason I started paying for Tyrone's sneaker collection just so I could sniff his dirty underwear." Grant ran to the door and turned the knob, but it wouldn't budge. "Let me go, Satan!"

The booming voice groaned. "I'm not Satan, you dipshit. I'm going to resubmit this chapter and you'll be back to your black cock loving self." 

Grant kicked the door. "I'm not doing your bidding anymore! I'm my own man! And I'm not swallowing one more load on your orders." Grant kicked it again. The door flew open and he stepped outside. 

"Grant, don't go! Jesus wants you to be a slave to black cock. You have to listen to Jesus. He died for our sins, so you could get bred by huge black cocks," Carol pleaded.

Grant ignored her and started running. He kept a fast pace, but still noticed gay couples and gay sex happening all over the streets he past. He slowed down as he approached a street that looked different than the others. It was more of a surburan area and he didn't see gay couples. It was all white people. And for some reason "We Are Family" started playing as he reached the street. 

He saw a 40-something year old man who was in surprisingly good shape holding hands with a 18 year old blonde girl in pigtails. Grant's brow rose. 

"Oh, Daddy. Are you going to give me my birthday present today? I hope it's big," the girl giggled. 

"Yes, Chrissy. Daddy has a big present for you. You'll be gagging over it," the father said as he reached down to grab Chrissy's ass. 

"What the fuck?! That's your daughter! Get away from her, you creep," Grant said strolling over to them. 

"Mind your own business. Family love is perfectly natural. Daughter Fucker Daily says that it benefits-" the father didn't get to finish his sentence as Grant punched him and fell onto the street out cold. He then picked up Chrissy in a fireman's carry and walked off. Chrissy pounded on Grant's back and yelled for him to stop. Grant ignored her and kept on walking. 

Chrissy eventually stopped as she accepted that her captor wasn't playing around. They walked until Grant heard Aloe Blacc's "Can You Do This?" playing as he turned onto a street. He noticed a fat man holding a sign saying "I can teach you how to make her squirt!" He started walking again, but at a faster pace as the fat man put down his sign and started sniffing his fingers. 

"Can you put me down now? I have to get back to my Daddy," Chrissy whined. 

Grant gently put her down. "Sorry I had to do that. I had to get you away from him. He was going to rape you. I think he is under Satan's spell." 

Chrissy laughed. "Rape? I asked for him to take my virginity. My friend Megan was going to live tweet him fucking me. Incest is the new hot trend. Giselle ate her dad's ass on Snapchat and now she's the most popular girl in school now. Dawn sucked her brother's dick in the bathroom at winter formal. Not to mention my Daddy is hot AF." 

Grant's jaw dropped. "You wanted it? That's sick. And you really can't consent to sex with a parent even if you're 18. The parent has such a power over the child. Having your dad fuck you isn't love, it's abuse. Chrissy, let me help you. I think you are being controlled by Satan. I was under his spell. He made me fuck a lot of black guys, but I broke free. You don't have to do what he wants."

"You're crazy, fag. Satan hasn't compelled me to fuck my Daddy. I want to swallow his load and then maybe he can get me pregnant. I'll be a trendsetter. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to get some Daddy cock," Chrissy said and started to turn, but Grant grabbed her arm. 

"Don't make me do this," Grant pleaded with her with his eyes started to tear up.

"Make you do what? Kidnap me again or make you fuck black guys? Which is gross. The races shouldn't mix." Chrissy pondered the last sentence for a second. "I don't know why I feel that way. That's strange. Anyway, I've got to go sit on my Daddy's face. Bye, basic bitch!"

"This is the only way to help you. Guess I'm going to get that tear drop tattoo after all," Grant said as he put his hands around Chrissy's neck and squeezed. 

***********

Nate sat in his boxers on the bed in his and Chad's one bedroom apartment. He thought about that man Brad he had met earlier. He couldn't remember every having a conversation like that before. Most of his conversations were telling Chad how tight his ass was and to take it all.

Chad came out of the bathroom completely naked with his seven inch swaying as he walked. "I'm ready for that huge cock, babe."

"Chad, do we have to have sex? Why can't we just talk? Or go on a romantic date. I feel like all we do is have sex. Even when we go somewhere else, we just have sex. Like when we went to that blueberry farm and I ended up fisting you."

Chad guffawed. "Babe, fisting at a blueberry farm is the most romantic thing a couple can do. And we've been like this since we got together. You were my tutor and I found out you had a big dick which was perfect for my bubble butt. We're perfect together."

Nate stared blankly at Chad. "You don't understand. I'm going to bed. If you want to get fucked, get out that dildo replica of my cock. Have a blast. Good night." 

"You aren't even going to put nipple clamps on me? Bitch!" Chad sauntered off to fetch the dildo.

Nate closed his eyes and wondered how what once seemed like a fulfilling relationship could suddenly feel so empty.

**********

The Author AKA UghOkay AKA Alan sat tapping away at his computer. He had gotten busy with real life, but he was going to update his stories and hoped people still cared. The phone start ringing.

Alan reluctantly picked it up. "Hello? Can you make this quick? I'm trying to finish 'Gold Digger' chapter three. The rating on chapter two wasn't so hot, so I'm trying to get a slightly better one this time."

"Alan, it's me. DarkBeauty6668657309 AKA Mandy. Coach Grant from the 'Coach Loves Black Cock' series left and murdered a character from Bald Dude's 'Daughter Gets a Big Present' series. The daughter specifically. He strangled her and dumped her in the middle of a family nudist story. The comments on the story are really harsh. They think the author baited and switched them into reading some torture porn shit."

Alan rubbed his temples. "Jesus. Can't he just delete the story and resubmit it how it was supposed to be?"

"No. They tried. It's like the characters have taken over the narrative. We have to stop this before it gets out of control," Mandy said clearly worried. "And people are blaming you. It was your Asian best friend character who went rogue and started walking into other people's stories. Nate and Chad in my 'The Bigger The IQ, The Bigger The Dick' series have stopped fucking. Nate won't even rub his huge cock all over Chad's face anymore because of you!"

"Wait a fucking minute. I didn't make Brad become self-aware. This is Literotica's fault. Also, your series is kind of played out now. The first chapters were hot, but you are on chapter fifty now and you are running out of ideas. Fisting at a blueberry farm? Really?" Alan yelled defensively.
