 Dylan was bored as he watched the passengers board the rear section of the jumbo jet. As usual his eyes quickly scanned the crowd to pick out any hot men, but so far he was disappointed. It was the long, overnight haul to Perth and he wasn't looking forward to it. 

But soon he had to forget his boredom, and his bitchy commenting on the "cows" as he called the passengers that paid his salary. It was time to spring into action, sashaying up and down the aisle checking that seat belts were fastened. This was Dylan's favourite part of being a cabin attendant, getting paid to stare at men's crotches. And even though he thought most of the men on the flight beneath his interest, their bulging crotches still commanded his attention.

It was only after the flight had been underway for half an hour that Dylan noticed a very distinguished looking gentleman sitting right at the rear. Either he was losing his touch or the gentleman had switched seats. Either way, Dylan was intrigued. He noticed the expensive, understated Italian suit, the Rolex watch and the well buffed nails on the end of his beautiful fingers. They were piano playing fingers, or cock stroking fingers, torso teasing, nipple pinching fingers: fingers to suck on and to feel sliding into your hot, silky hole. Dylan was almost hard thinking about it.

When the well heeled gentleman looked up from his book he noticed the strikingly beautiful cabin attendant with the dark, dark hair and pale skin and deep blue eyes. Those shapely red lips would have made any supermodel green with envy and Dylan's tight little bubble butt bouncing up and down as he made his way up and down the aisle, like a supermodel on the catwalk, brought a bulge to the gentleman's trousers which fortunately was hidden by his book.

After supper and drinks the passengers began to settle down to try and get some sleep in their cramped seats. Dylan had less to do and more time to fantasize. He looked across the cabin and noticed the only light on was that in use by his sophisticated stud. He was a little older than the men Dylan usually went with, but oh so much more sophisticated than any of them. He was the man Dylan wanted to be once he had lost his sluttish ways and had some more money. 

The more Dylan thought about this man with his sexy brown eyes and handsome face and delicate hands the more aroused he became. It had been absolutely ages since he had flirted with a passenger, and goodness knew it was really hard trying to actually have sex on a plane, but he was so overcome with desire that he figured he had to give it a try.

He went and fetched a malt whisky from first class and delivered it to his gentleman.

'I thought you might like this.' he said, trying to make it sound like he did this for everyone.

'Why, thank you...Dylan.' The gentleman purred as he read Dylan's name badge. 'Can you sit down for a minute or two?'

Dylan slid into the empty seat next to the gentleman.

'My name's Max.' he said.

'Pleased to meet you.' Dylan replied and before he knew what he was doing he had added 'and I'll be very pleased to eat you.'

Sometimes the slut in Dylan just took over his whole life and possessed his tongue, stiffened his cock and loosened his reserve.

'Would you now?' Max said, and Dylan blushed and realized that he had said aloud what he had been thinking.

'Sorry, strike that.' Dylan said. 'I shouldn't have said that.'

'Why not?' Max demanded. 'I'm bored as hell, and horny to boot and you've got the cutest little ass I've seen in a very long time.'

'Why don't you kill that light.' Dylan said, his excitement making his voice sound strange.

He reached over and picked up the light blanket that was lying on the seat next to him. He looked around, just before Max turned out the light and noticed that everyone around them was fast asleep. He spread the blanket over Max's lap and felt his heart racing in his chest as he reached over and rubbed his hand across Max's bulge. And a mighty impressive bulge it was too, big and full and soon Dylan could feel Max's hard shaft lying across his lap. He continued to gently tease Max's cock by raking his nails across it through the fabric of his expensive suit pants.

Max reached behind Dylan's back and slid his hand down into his navy pants. Dylan loosened his fly button and Max brushed his hand over the cotton clad mound of Dylan's ass. He too looked around in the darkness but they were as invisible to everyone else as his fellow passengers were to him. Max now slid his hand down inside Dylan's underpants and into the crack of his ass. His middle finger rubbed against Dylan's little pucker, driving Max crazy. How he would love to pork that ass, but that would not be possible. He withdrew his hand and sniffed his finger and felt his cock lurch in his pants.

Dylan was growing a little anxious. This hot man was getting him so worked up that he felt he might lose his head and do something really stupid and get himself fired. As much as he wanted that big, hard cock up his chute there was too much risk involved. He stole a quick look at his watch which was difficult to see in the gloom. Soon he would have to get back to his station in case any of the passengers buzzed him. But he had to have that cock! There was no way he could content himself with just a quick feel.

With one last quick look around the cabin he put his head under the blanket and unwrapped his gift. A large, warm cock filled his hand and the intoxicating scent of a man filled his nostrils. He slowly wanked the thick, uncut cock, feeling the silky foreskin slide up and down over Max's blood engorged cock head. Max's spit wet finger had slid under the waistband of Dylan's underpants once more and was now rubbing over his crinkled love slit, sending shivers of delight coursing through Dylan's body. That, coupled with the fear of being caught, and the feel of the fleshy cock in his hand was intoxicating. 

He lowered his mouth onto Max's cock head and immediately tasted his excitement juice sliding over his tongue. Dylan's hands reached down and fondled Max's large hairy balls before slowly working up the length of his hard shaft. Max could see someone stirring up ahead and he felt panic, fear and excitement. Fortunately the woman went into one of the forward toilets. The warmth that engulfed his sensitive cock head was out of this world and his finger had now slid inside Dylan's tight little hole, reminding him of just what he was missing out on.

Dylan combed his fingers through Max's silky, dark pubic hair and up onto his flat, furry stomach. Damn! This man was turning him on. How he would love to lie with him on a bed in Perth's best hotel and make slow gentle love. They could go to Rottenest Island and swim and grow ever more horny and desperate for each other until they came back and fucked the night away. Once more Dylan's imagination was taking leave of reality. Suddenly Max's finger plunged deeper up his ass, and then his mouth was flooded with the biggest load of man spunk he had ever known.

Dylan had a real hard time gulping it all down, but he managed not to waste a drop. Already Max was starting to put his cock away and Dylan came out from under the blanket.

'Wow, thanks man.' Max said 'I really needed that.' His face was flushed and there was perspiration on his upper lip.

'All part of the service.' Dylan said before licking his lips and slipping out of the seat.

He was about to ask if Max wanted to meet up in Perth when one of the other cabin attendants appeared and asked him to take care of something. The moment was over, Max's ball juice was jizzed and his dick was limp. Still, Dylan had a big smile on his face as he made his way up the aisle.

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue