 part 1

We see them everywhere. Bums, hobos, homeless, whatever you call them, they seem to be everywhere. Or the teens who want you to buy beer for them, worse still are the able bodied ones that are just too fucking lazy to get a job. I have no patience for moochers. I can't remember the last time I stop for gas, that I wasn't accosted for change. Tonight was no different.

I was headed into the store to purchase my gas before pumping it. "Excuse me, sir?" I turned to see another one. He was somewhat neater than most, though clean is not how I would describe him. Hair and body dirty, clothes a shambles, obviously exposed to the elements a long time. "I hate to be a bother, sir, but if you could spare any change. I'm really hungry."

I don't know why, maybe because he was so polite, I stopped and looked and him a moment. Normally I abruptly dismiss these people. "You're hungry huh?"

"Yes, sir, really hungry."

"Well I won't give you any money. But, if you are hungry I will buy you a hamburger after I pump my gas."

"Thank you, that's mighty kind of you sir. Can I pump that gas for you, so I maybe earn that burger." That was totally unexpected. Usually these guys just want money for booze, they certainly don't want to have to earn it.

I was so shocked "Uh.. Yeah, sure." I stammered. "It's that red Lexus right there. I will be getting forty dollars worth." I went in to pay, and by the time I got to my car, he was already pumping the gas.

I slid into the driver's seat, and waited for him. When he had put the pump handle back, I looked over to the passenger's side expecting him to get in. A tapping on my window startled me. He was standing on my side of the car looking in. I pushed the button to roll down the window. "There is a burger joint just half a block that way, get in and we will go there." 

"Oh no sir. My clothes aren't too clean, sir, I wouldn't want to get the inside of this nice car dirty. I will just walk and meet you there." Who was this guy?

Being divorced, I had frequented this particular establishment quite a bit, and had come to be on a first name basis with the manager. "Hi Rosie, what's going on?"

"Hey Dave. The usual, same shit just different flies." she laughed. Just as she turned to go back behind the counter, he approached the table. "Hey! Don't come in here bothering my customers!"

"It's okay Rosie, he's with me." She gave me a look, and I nodded at her. "Give me double my usual order Rosie."

"Sure thing, Dave, but if he bothers you..."

As he pulled out a chair, I notice he had a slight limp. He sat there sort of uncomfortably, as if he knew he didn't belong. "Thank you sir, I don't know how I can repay you for your kindness." Damn, is this guy for real? 

"Aren't you curious as to what my usual order is?" 

"No sir. Whatever it is, I'll eat it and be grateful." 

I turned to the counter "Rosie, make it three." She nodded and smiled. 

I'm usually pretty good at sizing people up, and this guy had my interest. "So what's your story?" I asked as I really appraised him for the first time. He had a scar on the side of his left eye, and I noticed that eye didn't quite move with the other. Same side as his limp too. 

"Not much to tell sir. I was hungry and you were the first kind person I stopped." He seem so sincere, I was taken in again.

"Stop with the 'sir' shit. Name's Dave. What's yours?"

"My name is Jonathan Joseph Johnson, but my mama just calls me JJ. Back on the base, they used to call me 'Triple J' because of all my names start with J." Okay, so military, and a little slow.

"Is that where you got that scar, and the limp, the military?" 

"Oh, you noticed that, uh yes sir. Afghanistan. I caught a bit of shrapnel. Laid me up pretty good too. I was in the base hospital for a couple of months, before they decided they didn't need me in the military any more."

"Well, don't you receive some sort of disability or something?" I was wondering why this young man was on the streets.

"Yes sir, I mean Dave sir. I get that direct deposit thing in my mama's account. I got a little brother and sister she has to care for, and since she got the cancer, she needs it more than me."

Our food arrived and I watched as he devoured two double burgers and fries and chocolate shakes. Now I'm no bleeding heart, but this guy's story had me almost weeping. A wounded soldier sacrifices what little he has so his cancer ridden mother can support his younger siblings. Jesus, just stab me in the fucking heart!

I went up to the counter to talk to Rosie. "Have you seen this guy before?"

"Yeah, he actually applied for a job about a month ago, but I couldn't hire him. I mean, look at him, he can't work here. But he is always polite and never bothers anyone. I was surprised when I thought he was going to bother you."

"I understand, Rosie. If he comes in again, and is hungry, feed him and put it on my tab."

I sat back down just as he finished the last of his fries. "Can I call you JJ?"

"Yes sir, I'd like that.. sorta reminds me of home."

"Well JJ, Rosie said you tried to get a job here. I assume you want to work?"

"Oh yes sir! I don't like being a bum. If my mama knew, she'd put a whelp on my behind as big as Dallas."

"I always have stuff around my house that needs doing, and I'm far too lazy to do them. Normally I have to hire someone anyway, how would you like to work for me till you get back on your feet? It wouldn't be much money, but you will have a clean place to sleep and food."

He got teary eyed, and said "Thank you, sir. I knew you were kind the minute I laid eyes on you."

When we got to my car, I saw him hesitate again. I went to the trunk and pulled out a towel I keep in my gym bag. I laid the towel lengthwise on the passenger seat. He smiled and settled in the seat. When I got in on my side, he was looking around the whole car. "I ain't never seen a more beautiful car."

It wasn't till we got in the car that I noticed a smell. I suddenly realized it was emanating from him. "When was the last time you had a bath JJ?"

"Don't rightly know sir.. I'm embarrassed to say it's been quite a while. I'm really sorry if I smell bad sir." 

"Please JJ, you're no longer in the military, my name is Dave."

"My mama wouldn't like it if I was disrespectful, sir." 

"Okay, how about if when it's just you and I together, you call me Dave, and when there are other people around you can call me sir. I would like that a lot better."

"Okay .. Dave."

part 2

I grew up poor. Trailer park trash poor. My mother was a drunk and all her husbands were drunks. They were mean also, but not as mean as her. I hated being poor. I hated drunks. I'm neither. I make good money and I don't drink. Okay.. I make really great money, and I don't drink, even though I have a fully stocked bar in my living room, and one by the pool. I do have friends who drink.

If I thought JJ was impressed by the car, it was nothing compared to his expression when he saw my house. "How many people live here?" he asked. I had to laugh.

"Just one, well now I guess it's two." He broke out in the biggest grin I have ever seen on a man. "Don't get too excited, part of your job will be to keep it clean. I assume you learned how to do that in the military."

"No sir, Dave. I was cleaning house long before I joined. My mama was much tougher than any drill sergeant I ever had." I was starting to like his mama.

As we entered and I turned off the security system, he was just awestruck. I showed him around the main part of the house. then took him upstairs.

"There are four bedrooms up here, each has it's own bathroom. There is a guest house by the pool that has two more bedrooms and baths, plus a small kitchen and a parlor. You may choose any bedroom up here except of course mine. If I have overnight guests, I usually put them in the guest house. That way I have my privacy and they have theirs. That door there, is my bedroom, so pick one of these." 

"I can have any of them? Oh my.. uh.. can I have the one next to yours? that way if you call me at night, I can hear you." 

"Okay JJ, that sounds good." I opened the door to his room and stepped in. When JJ entered he was stunned. I have to admit, my house is impressive.

"Oh no, I thought it would be smaller, and this is too nice for me. Which of the other rooms is the smallest?" He asked while backing out.

"Actually JJ, this is the smallest of the three. Over there is your closet, and here is your bathroom. May I suggest you make immediate use of the shower." It was more of a request than a question. "You should find everything you need in there already. Make liberal use of the soap and the shampoo." 

"Sir..er..Dave, I don't have any clean clothes. I'm afraid this is all I own."

"I'm sure I have something that will fit you, but I'm throwing those in the trash."

I dug through my closet and came up with some pajama pants that had elastic in the waist. I don't even remember buying them since I usually sleep nude. Must have been a gift from my ex wife, she would have preferred I didn't sleep nude, less chance I would be likely to expect sex. 

I also grabbed a pair of rubber gloves from under the sink. I didn't want to touch his clothes with my bare hands. No telling what might be lurking in there. Then it dawned on me. He could have lice. I remember a hairdresser told me once that the active ingredient in flea shampoo was the same as for lice. I ran to the laundry room where I kept Buddy's shampoo. Buddy died last summer, so he wasn't going to need it.

Entering the steam filled bathroom, I noticed two things. One, JJ was still in pretty good shape. The military had been good in that regard for him. Two, JJ was a large man. Taller than I had first thought, and well, larger than my modest to average endowment. Not freakishly huge, mind you, but certainly porn star quality. Or I guess more accurately, quantity.

"Uh.. JJ by any chance do you know if you have lice?"

"No sir... I mean no I don't know. It's been itching, but that could be 'cause it hasn't been washed in a while."

"Well just to be safe, use this." I could see him through the large clear glass shower enclosure. When he opened the door, I got an even better view.

"Dog shampoo?" 

"It will do the trick." I watched as he read the label and followed the directions. "You know lice lives in hair,JJ, any hair." He looked at me with a big question mark on his face. I repeated "Any hair."

A light bulb went off " Oh shit er sorry sir. You mean down there too?"

"Yep any hair." 

He applied a very generous portion to his pubes, and scrubbed like mad. I guess the thought of bugs crawling around on his junk was very motivating. I was about to laugh out loud when I noticed his cock starting to respond to the stimulation. It seemed to be fully erect almost instantly. It had to be eight inches, probably closer to nine. Nicely thick too. If he ever got his shit together, he would make some woman very happy. 

Because of the shampoo on his head, he had his eyes closed. I had the opportunity to look without being caught. I hadn't even thought about another guy's cock since college. Then it was only because of a bad poker hand. Another reason I hated to be poor. I had to give four blowjobs because another guy's full house beat my full house. Yet here I was staring at JJ's cock with admiration. Those other four didn't compare either.

Then JJ realized that he had boned up. "Sorry sir.. Dave. I guess I haven't been able to give it any attention for a while."

"That's quite alright JJ. It's understandable, and a natural response. May I say, that is quite a weapon you have there." Damn did I just say that? Do guys compliment other guy's cocks?

"Heh heh.. Yeah some of the guys on base said that the three J's all stood for Johnson, and only one of them was my last name."

"Yes it looks like you have a double dose of Johnson there." Why was I still looking at his cock? Too late I discovered he had rinsed his head, and saw me looking at his cock. "Good lord, look at the dirt on the bottom of the shower." I said trying to make it seem like that was where I was staring. 

"Yeah, sorry, but I haven't had a shower in a long time, and I ain't ever been in one as nice as this. I hate to leave it." 

"I know what you mean. I love a good shower too. You should see mine. It's twice the size of this one, and has eight shower heads that work one or all at a time. You can stay in there as long as you like. I brought you some pajamas that should fit you. If you know your sizes, I will pick you up some clothes tomorrow."

"You sure have been nice to me. I will work real hard for you, I promise." 

If he can do a decent job of cleaning this place, I won't need the service that comes in twice a week. That would save me more than enough for his salary. If he can do odd jobs too, then I'm ahead.

He turned off the water, so I handed him a towel. As he dried himself, his unruly cock swung back and forth. Still at more than half mast, it was a sight. Having cleaned up I could see that he was younger than I had first suspected as well. And, but for the scars on his eye and his knee, was rather handsome.

"Dave could you check and see if I got any lice, I don't want to get any on your nice bed. If there is some I want to get back in the shower with that there dog shampoo." He asked while bending his head down toward me.

Of course I'm no expert, but I kinda wanted my own peace of mind as well. I figured if I saw any movement on his scalp, he was going back in the shower. I looked through his hair and all over his scalp pretty well, and didn't see anything suspect. 

"No JJ. I don't see anything." I was a little disappointed, I would have liked to watch him shower again. He straightened up and just stood there. After a few seconds I asked "Is there something else?"

"I don't see too good, do you think you could .. you know check my hair" He said glancing down. 

At first I thought he was pulling my chain, because he saw me looking at his cock. After a moment I decided he was genuinely and innocently worried about lice in his pubes. Now this is something I hadn't considered happening. I could kill two birds with one stone. Find out if he had crabs, and placate my curiosity about his cock.

I sat down on the toilet and motioned for him to come closer. His cock had somewhat softened, so it wasn't directly in the way of his pubis. It had been fifteen years since I was this close to another cock.

I leaned in and inspected his hair, though I had trouble looking where I was supposed to be looking. I tentatively reached up and separated his rather thick pubes and tried to search there. I pictured in my head, monkeys grooming each other.

As I moved my fingers around in his bush, my palm rested on his cock. I became aware of how wide it was. The base of his cock was about three quarters the width of my palm, maybe a little more. I continued my search around the left side of his cock, purposefully keeping my palm on it's resting place. I looked at his balls from the side taking note of how big they were and how far they hung.

I removed my hands so I could move to the other side, and his cock sprang right up. As upright as a teenager's. Well of course I had to move it out of the way now, to finish the inspection that is. I grabbed it with my right hand and sent my left to pick through his pubes. I could feel the heft and power in his cock. I had never wanted to touch another man until now, and I wouldn't have let go if the toilet beneath me exploded.

I heard a slight moan escape above my head. I continued down the other side, my hand may have moved up his cock a bit. I lifted his balls to look around there, of course. I may have bounced his ball sack a bit, that would have caused my right hand to move up and down his cock, wouldn't it. I needed to look underneath really well so I propped his cock against his belly with my entire palm running lengthways along his cock. I bent down to be able to see better, and my right hand probably moved up and down his length a few times as I moved. Of course I had to make a final, thorough inspection of the area just above his beautiful cock. Pulling it down toward my shoulder, with me leaning in close, his plum sized crown was behind my ear. And during this thorough inspection, my hand probably stroked up and down his shaft a few times as well. I first felt a pulsing with my right hand, then heard "AAHH" and then felt something splat against my back, almost to my ass. Several more splatts and a shiver from JJ. 

"Oh Sir, Oh God Dave, I am so sorry. I done ruined your nice shirt too. Oh God you probably hate me now." I glanced up at him, he looked horrified. The poor guy really was clueless. 

"That's okay JJ. The shirt can be cleaned" I said, pulling it off. "These things happen. Like you said, you haven't been paying enough attention to it lately. You were just backed up a bit. On the bright side, I don't see any lice. But if you're concerned, I will check again tomorrow." I still had a grip on his cock, and it hadn't receded in the slightest. "This thing is like an iron bar, How old are you JJ?" 

"I turned twenty six last week. How old are you Dave?" 

"I will be thirty four next month." I reluctantly released his weapon, so he could get dressed. When he turned to get the pajamas from the counter, I adjusted my own hard dick in my pants as I stood to leave. 

It was by now only a little after nine o'clock on a Friday night, so I went to the living room and turned on the TV. This is probably my favorite room in the house. Soft lighting, soft sofas with cushy pillows. A fireplace dominates one side, across from it is a wall of glass with wood and glass doors leading to the pool. There are matching folding doors that can close it off from the rest of the house, or left open expands the area nicely for parties and such. 

I sat on a sofa in front of the fireplace, with the extra large screen TV mounted above. I had a lot to think about. I had always been straight, not including that time in college. I hadn't enjoyed that particular experience. Tonight was different. I not only enjoyed playing with JJ's cock, I instigated it. Covertly, but still it was I who did it. I had been staring at his cock the whole time, he just gave me an excuse to act upon my desires.

I was so lost in my thoughts, that I was paying no attention what was on the TV. JJ had followed me downstairs and was sitting beside me on the sofa. Though it had softened, I could still make out the bulge in the pajamas. Did I just unconsciously lick my lips. What the fuck? 

"Dave, you're a nice guy, and nice looking, and you make good money, why aren't you married?" JJ asked the obvious. 

"I was for three years, didn't work out though."

"Do you mind if I ask what happened?" 

"She started going to the gym everyday, and decided she liked her trainer's equipment better." I said rather venomously. JJ looked puzzled. "He was better equipped than I. Not as big as you, but more than I had to offer." Again you could actually see the light go on in JJ's head.

Trying to change the subject, I told JJ he could find snacks in the pantry. I'm sure after being on the streets, he was hungry again. JJ gave me a big smile, and raced to the kitchen. When he returned, I saw his junk swaying in the pajamas. Even if I hadn't been looking, it would be hard to miss. The pajamas that would have swallowed me, were snug on him. I could see the outline of his penis, and the jewels beneath that played trampoline for it with every step JJ took.

He sat beside me again, with his bag of chips. I must say, I would have to teach him to chew with his lips together. At first I was annoyed, because that is one of my pet peeves. Crumbs were falling onto his chest. Watching the crumbs fall, drew my attention back to his package. Then back to his chest. I realized I wanted to hoover those crumbs with my mouth.
