 My name is Jon Grossmann. Despite what you might think, I am not Jewish. At least, not ethnically. Maybe way back when someone in my family was, but no one in my family is anymore. Nope, just regular old uncertain European ancestry, like most North American white people. Anyways, not really trying to make this about race or anything, just making sure you weren't getting the wrong idea about me. This story is about changing sexual expectations. You might call it me becoming gay, but that isn't really appropriate, I don't think. I don't think I ever "became" gay, just like I don't think I ever "became" white.

It all started when I broke up with my girlfriend, back in 1991. I was 24 and fresh out of college, and she and I had had a bit of a falling out. I had thought we were in love and were going to get married eventually but she had other ideas. Nothing untoward, of course, like she cheated on me. This isn't one of those stories where everyone's fucking everyone, at least not yet. So we had broken up and I was hanging out with my friends Sayed and Peter at a bar having a drink when one of them came up with an idea.

"Hey, I have an idea. Why don't you come with us next week?" Peter suggested.

"Thanks, but I don't think spending a week in a car with a bunch of dudes will really help me out." I responded.

"Look, man. Sayed, Alec and I are all going down to San Fran for a bit of fun. Come along and we can guarantee you we will find a bunch of girls for you to spend some time with."

"Yeah, that is a good idea. You can be our straight friend that will keep the ladies away." Sayed laughed. You see, Sayed and Peter had been my friends since high school but they were also gay. Other people always thought it was weird that I was best friends with a couple of gay dudes, but I never even thought about it at all. They had simply been there for me when I needed them and they had never come on to me.

"What about accommodations?" I asked. 

"Don't worry about it, man. Look, if you have to we can pitch in for a hotel room for you if you are uncomfortable hanging out with the gays." Peter said.

"Alright. I'll come. So long as you get me laid. I will come." 

"My word is my bond, good buddy."

* * * 

So that is how I ended up in a Honda with three gay guys driving down to San Francisco. I wasn't really friends with Alec, though we had hung out numerous times together. Unlike Sayed and Peter, he was rather flamboyant and often tried to flirt with me in the past. On the trip, he was a bit more of a gentleman, though his excitement for the arrival at San Francisco was palpable. We stopped once in Eureka to check out the sights but for the most part the drive was a straight shot 

Arriving in San Francisco was interesting as it was late at night so all we did was get to the hotel and sleep. The hotel was downtown somewhere, and not being particularly well versed with SF, I didn't know what district it was in or anything. We had arrived at around midnight and we were all pretty exhausted from the drive, so we went straight to bed. The guys had rented out an ensuite that had two bedrooms each with a Queen Size and a couch. I decided to take the couch in the room where Sayed and Peter were sleeping because I didn't know Alec that well and they weren't making me pay anything. The first night was uneventful because we were so tired so the four of us just stayed up a bit talking about the places we wanted to see.

The next morning we awoke to a beautiful view of the Bay and San Francisco and the guys told me that we were in a hotel in what is colloquially known as the gay district, Castro. I didn't really care much since I had an interest in the sights more than the guys, but it was interesting. I also expected it with the company I was keeping. We left the hotel and spent the day sightseeing. We got a lot of looks from the guys leaving the hotel and when we returned and I thought to myself that they must think we are fresh meat. We saw the Golden Gate and the Science Museum as well as Pier 39 but after all that walking we had gotten pretty tired. When we got back to the hotel it was around five so we said that we would all have a nap and then get ready to go out clubbing. 

We woke up from our naps at around 8 and got all dressed up to go clubbing. Peter, Sayed and Alec all worked together at a pretty well established accounting firm in Seattle, so they were dressed to the nines. I had just started a job at a marine engineering firm in Seattle and so I was still working my way up the salary totem pole so I wasn't doing poorly but I couldn't afford the suits they were dressed in. I had a simple suit from a department store while theirs were all tailored. They told me that we were going to an exclusive club in Castro that dealt with a particular clientele and that there might not be any girls. I didn't really want to go somewhere on my own at this point so I said I'd go along anyways. They laughed about how I would get hit on a lot and I remarked that it would be a nice change of pace, even if it was from a sex that I was not particularly interested in. 

We headed down to the lobby and walked outside. The area we were in was pretty busy at this point in the evening, and there were quite a few girls around, but it seemed like most of them were just out with friends. That is something I was always able to detect. Some girls go out clubbing to find a guy but most just go out with friends to dance whereas the opposite is true with guys. Some guys go out to dance but most just go out to find a girl to take home. Which is why I always felt like a creep hitting on girls in a club and much preferred doing it in more social settings. 

Walking around the area towards the club, we saw that the majority of the people here were guys, something my friends had been counting on. They didn't seem particularly flamboyant, but there were definitely more men holding hands than anywhere else I had been to in a while. Arriving at the club, I saw that it was a very discreet entrance. There was just one big muscular black guy standing at a black door. He looked us all over and before letting me in, he put his hand on my chest. 

"You know what goes on in here, straight boy?" He said.

"Not exactly, but I'm cool, don't worry." I responded.

He chuckled. "Sure you are. Just don't start any trouble or you might wake up in a lot of pain. OK?"

"Yeah, no problem. Like I said, I'm cool." He smirked at me and let me past. 

Heading down a tight stairwell, we stopped on the bottom floor, probably three stories down. The only lights were dark neons that were red and green. Further on there was a man that was screening us yet again, this time for ID. He checked our IDs and then took money for the cover charge. It had been cold outside so we checked our coats as well. Then we entered the club proper.

It looked like the club was set up as several different rooms. The main room that we had entered into seemed like a normal club. There were two bars on opposite sides and a dance floor in the middle. The color of the lights here was green. We all stepped up to the bar and got ourselves a drink. I got a scotch and soda and my friends all got martinis. 

"So Jon, you should probably stay in this room if you don't want to see anything too gay." Peter said to me.

"What do you mean, too gay?" I responded.

"Look, the other rooms get pretty intense. This place is like a diamond. This room is on one side of the diamond, the two next door are the other edges and on the far end is the final room. Each gets progressively more intense. In this room, it is just normal dancing. In the ones next door the dancing requires that you either take off your shirt or your pants. In the final room, you have to lose both and there are no rules. So guys are fucking in that room."

"Holy shit." I didn't really want to see that tonight, but it sounded pretty crazy.

"Yeah, so just stay here, ok? I'll come get you when we are leaving. But be aware, we might be leaving with some other guys, if you catch my drift."

"Ok, cool."

The guys left and I hung out for the next couple of hours. I danced a bit, but guys kept hitting on me, so I stopped. Instead, I went and sat at the bar and ordered a few more rounds. I had had about five drinks when a guy dressed in a suit sat next to me.

"Hi, there." He said.

"Oh, hi. I'm not gay." I wanted to nip that in the bud right off the bat.

"Hey, that's cool. I was just wondering if you wanted to talk. I saw you dancing and you didn't seem too interested in the guys so I decided to come talk to you. My name is Isaac."

"Jon."

"Nice to meet you, Jon." He smiled, 

"come here often?"

I laughed. "No, my buddies are all gay guys and they invited me along on this trip to San Francisco. I didn't really want to be left alone at the hotel all night while they were here, so I tagged along."

"You came down to San Francisco with a bunch of gay guys but you are straight? Didn't you think this might happen?"

"Yeah, I did, but I just broke up with my girlfriend so I wanted to get away from home for a bit and do some drinking. This was the first opportunity and my friend offered."

"Oh, you broke up with your girlfriend? That's too bad, tell me about it." I told Isaac everything and we continued to chat for another hour. It was hard at times because the music got pretty loud, but he got close enough that we could hear each other. His closeness was pretty intimate and I felt a stirring in my loins that I hadn't experienced before. Isaac was dressed up really nicely, with a clearly tailored suit and nice shoes and a nice watch. He had close cut hair that was slightly longer on top, the clear business-man cut. We got away from the discussion over my girlfriend and started talking about each other. I told him how I wanted to go into chemical engineering and he told me that he represented a big oil company for his law firm. Time passed pretty quickly and I only realized how late it was when Peter tapped me on the shoulder.

"Hey, Jon, who is this." He asked.

"Peter, this is Isaac. We have been talking about my ex and stuff for the past while." 

"Peter, Jon has told me about you. It is good to meet you." Isaac stuck out his hand and Peter shook it.

"Good to meet you, too. Look, Jon, we are getting out of here, you coming?" I realized that Alec and Sayed were behind Peter, with four other guys, each pretty good looking as far as men went. Alec had his hand on one guy's ass, while Sayed was making out with another. The other two were closer to Peter.

"Oh, sure. Yeah. Ummm, well it was nice meeting you Isaac. Thanks for the drinks. Maybe I'll see you around some time." I stuck out my hand and he shook it and lingered on it pretty long.

"I'd like that, Jon. I'd like that very much. I'm here pretty often, so come by anytime."

"OK, see you." I walked away from him and looked back when I reached the door leading out. He was still looking at me and raised his glass in salute. I nodded and walked out. We collected our stuff from the coat check and left the club. On the walk home, the two guys that were with Peter were holding on to his hands and arms like girls and Sayed and Alec were both doing the same to their guys. It seemed like Peter was an alpha dog and so were the guys that Sayed and Alec were with.

We got to the hotel and Peter pulled me aside. "Jon, you know we are going to fuck those guys, right?"

"Oh, OK. Can I just sleep on the cot in the other room, then?"

"There isn't enough room for seven guys to have sex in one room, we will be using both. You can go for a walk if you want and we will be done in a while."

"No, it's OK. I'll just go to sleep. I sleep soundly I won't be bothered." I did sleep soundly, but I wasn't sure I couldn't be distracted by the sounds of sex.

"Alright, man. It's your funeral."

We all got into the elevator together and the guys all started making out with one another. I was kind of uncomfortable but I knew that the ride was short. We stopped on our floor and proceeded to go to our rooms. When I got inside, I quickly went to the bathroom and got ready for bed. Leaving the bathroom, I saw that things had pretty quickly gotten sexual. In the room I was in, Peter was on the bed with his two guys both sucking on his cock, which as always was pretty substantial. I had seen him naked many times before and was always amazed that he had such a big dick. It must have been five or six inches soft and hard it looked at least nine. I realized I was staring and went over to the couch and got under the covers I had been using.

I spent the next twenty minutes trying to sleep, fitfully and to no avail. I kept opening my eyes to different erotic scenes. Peter fucking the one of his guys while the guy he was fucking sucked the other guys' cock. One of the guys riding Peter while Peter was fed the other guys' cock. Peter blowing his load all over one guy's face and then the three of them eating it. Eventually, Alec and his guy came into the room, I guess to get in on the fun. I watched Alec being brutally fucked by this macho male who was almost as well equipped as Peter. Alec was clearly enjoying himself, though. At some point, I realized that I was stroking my hard cock and somewhat embarrassed, I turned away from the whole scene and tried again to go to sleep. I finally succeeded.  

* * * 

When I next awoke, the sun was shining through the curtains of the room and I had to go pee. I got up to head to the bathroom and saw that Sayed and Peter were both back in their beds, sans other guys. I peeked into Alec's room and saw that he was not alone, but still with his guy. I went to the bathroom and as I was coming out, Alec's guy was standing at the door completely naked. I stepped back, a little surprised, while trying not to look at the thing dangling between his legs semi-hard. I failed.

"Hey, I'm Oliver." He stuck out his hand.

"Jon, nice to meet you." I responded and shook his hand.

He smiled. "You have fun last night?" His hand lingered.

I was confused as to what he meant. Had he seen me stroking my cock while I was watching him fuck Alec? "Um, not really. I just went to sleep. You?"

"Oh, fuck yeah. I love taming new man-ass. It's better than any pussy I've ever had. You should try it some time. I'm sure you'd like it." He released my hand and gently brushed his cock, which keptgrowing as the words left his mouth. My mouth was going dry.

"Uhhhh. OK. Sure, whatever." I walked away from him and went back to the couch, lying facing away from the room again. My cock had gotten hard again, I was lucky I had been wearing my jeans. What was going on with me?

* * * 

The rest of the guys got up around eleven and we all went out for breakfast. Oliver had gone by then, and I was still confused. Most of the breakfast was awkward as the guys talked about their conquests and the plan for the evening. At some point, Peter pulled me aside to talk to me.

"Jon, look. I know that I said I would get you some pussy, and I will. But, the guys want to go back to the Diamond Club tonight. Obviously, we had some success last night, so they want to repeat that. The guys we were with last night said that they know of a club where we can get you laid easily, so I promise to take you to that club tomorrow night. Is that OK?"

I was kind of annoyed, because I thought that my hard ons were because of my horniness and getting laid would probably relieve the issue, but I also didn't want to ruin their trip. "Sure, man. I can put up with another night in a gay club. I'll probably leave you guys to your thing at the hotel later, though. Find something to do until late. I think I have an idea where everything is around here, so don't worry about me."

"Thanks, man. You're the best."

* * * 

We spent the rest of the day sightseeing again. We took a boat tour of the bay and went to the museum of modern art. We tried to go to Alcatraz but apparently you needed to book it months in advance, which none of the guys had done. It started raining mid afternoon and so we headed back to the Hotel to have dinner and hang out. We watched TV and showered and shaved to get ready for the evening before heading out again at 8. 

The same bouncer was at the Diamond Club and this time he made no comment, merely smirking and winking at me as I went inside. I struggled with what that was supposed to mean, but eventually decided to ignore it. The club had a different lighting scheme that evening, something which I guess they switched up daily. The guys left me pretty quickly and instead of dancing, I went straight to the bar and grabbed a drink. I noticed in one of the mirrors that Isaac was in the club as well, sitting in a small booth by himself in the back. His eyes passed over me and stopped and I raised my glass in recognition. It was too loud for anything else to happen. He smiled and waved me over.

Isaac was once again very well dressed and it seemed like he had been at the table for a while. It was a small table, with room for only three or four at most.

"So, your friends abandon you to their carnal pleasures again?" He said, chuckling.

"Yup. Apparently, tomorrow we are going to find me a woman, but tonight is all men again." I smiled at him. He gestured for me to sit. I sat down in the tight booth, as far as I thought was appropriate without limiting my ability to hear him speaking. He, however, immediately moved a bit closer to me so he could talk loudly. 

"How was last night after you left? Anything interesting happen back at the hotel? Your friends seemed pretty eager to get acquainted with Oliver, James, Yanis and Bruce." I was taken aback that he knew all of the other guys' names. I only knew Oliver because of the morning, but I was able to figure out what he was saying. 

"Interesting? If you call a gay orgy interesting, then yes. I tried to sleep but it was difficult over the sounds going on. I don't think eager quite covers what they were interested in doing last night. It was odd to see something like that up close, or as close as I plan on getting." I wasn't sure that last part was true, but I didn't exactly want to share my orgy hard-on with this person I had only spoken to once before, regardless of how nice he had been to me. 

"Yeah, I understand you on that front. Orgies have never been my thing, either. I am more of an intimate lover. I like to take my time and introduce my partner to all of my skills and predilections slowly."

As we talked, Isaac and I got closer and closer because the club got louder and louder. By 10 o'clock, our legs were touching, something which I noticed clearly and yet felt that it would be rude to move away at that point. However, I was once again feeling that odd stirring that I had felt before with Isaac. At one point, I made a joke and Isaac laughed and ended up slapping my thigh. He apologized, and left his hand there, rubbing my thigh. My cock responded quite quickly. I was hard in seconds. Luckily, it was pointing away from Isaac, so he couldn't feel it respond. 

I had never been a big drinker. I had been drinking the whole evening with Isaac and he had been kind enough to keep ordering bourbon for me and telling me that it was his treat. I didn't know how many I had had, but I was over my usual limit, so I had a pretty good buzz going, but I was by no means drunk.

We had gotten into talking about TV shows and our favorites. I told him how sad I was that Dallas had ended, and we both commented on how we really liked the Cosby Show. Then he brought up some new cartoon I had never heard of that he thought was really funny, Ren and Stimpy. 

"I've never heard of it, what is it like?" I asked

"It is the most vulgar cartoon you will ever seen. It raunchy and disgusting and hilarious. I love it because it is pushing the boundaries of what a cartoon can be." 
