 The Hawaiian heat made Chris feel drowsy with its oppressive humidity, compounding the three stiff drinks he had in the past hour. Day drinking is fine if you're on vacation, Chris thought to himself as he peered through his half empty Long Island Ice Tea underneath the straw hut that doubled as a bar. Not that this was a particularly pleasant vacation. He was supposed to be here with his wife, enjoying a much needed break from the never ending life of a trial lawyer. But the break had come too late. Chris and his wife had a pretty bad fight just three days before their trip. She had thrown her wedding ring at him and stormed out. Chris was keenly aware of the absence of his own wedding band on his ring finger.

But I couldn't have just skipped out on this trip, non-refundable tickets and I won't get time off like this for another year, Chris thought to himself. He slugged back the rest of his drink and set it down on the counter as he looked around. It was convenient that he was able to go during the fall, this was the off-season for Hawaiian resorts so he not only got a good deal on rooms, but also there were far less vacationing families with squawking children to worry about. He could get well and truly drunk without judging eyes, and if he managed to get anywhere near sober before he got on the plane back to Austin, he would have failed in his mission. As he considered his next drink choice, he felt the presence of someone behind him. 

"Sorry, this chair free?" Chris turned slightly to see who this stranger was. A young man, couldn't have been any more than 30, with sandy blonde hair and a slim build. He was wearing a pair of swim trunks and nothing more, a light dusting of hair on his stomach that trailed down below his waistline. He must have been at the resort for a while now, his tan was even and seemed to cover all his skin. 

"Naw, go ahead." Chris replied.

"Thanks, it's the only seat in the shade. I probably go enough sun today, don't you think?"

"Yeah, I suppose. Looks like you did ok." 

Chris wasn't particularly in the mood for conversation, but there was something about this guy. Chris couldn't quite place it, but he felt comfortable chatting with this stranger. But maybe it was just the booze. 

"Heh, it's been nice just relaxing, not worrying about anything more taxing than an even tan!"

Chris couldn't help but chuckled. "Yeah, I could really use some of that. It was supposed to be a getaway for me and my wife..." The liquor loosening his tongue, Chris explained the whole situation to the stranger, who was a perfect audience. When he got to the part where his wife had been withholding sex as a power play, he realized that he had been babbling.

"Damn, sorry... I didn't mean to chew your ear off." Chris apologized.

"Naw, don't be. Sounds like you've had a rough time of it. But it seems to me that we could definitely use a drink, don't you think?" He flagged down a bartender and ordered them both a shot of rum. "When in Rome, right?" He said as he offered one of the shot glasses of the amber liquid. 

"Thanks, much appreciated." Chris knocked back the rum and coughed slightly. "You know, I don't think I actually got your name. I sorta just railroaded you into listening to my sob story."

"No worries, gotta get it off your chest somehow, right? I'm Devan, good to know you." Devan leaned over with his hand outstretched. Chris grasped it for a firm handshake, only to notice that Devan briefly rubbed his thumb against his hand. It was strange, it seemed... intimate, almost romantic. Chris had never thought of men in that manner, but something about Devan's firm, yet gentle grasp sent Chris' mind to forbidden places he'd never dared to go. 

He looked at Devan again with new eyes. His tan skin had a slight sheen of sweat that rolled down his well formed muscles. His eyes were piercing, his hair soft and smooth. Chris shook his head a little and realized he was still holding Devan's hand. He let go and cleared his throat. 

"Woops, sorry. Guess I'm a little drunker 'n I thought." Chris was suddenly self conscious, Devan was a good looking man, and Chris considered himself pretty average. His wife said he had a kind smile, and the mornings at the office gym were keeping him in good shape, but Devan seemed to be cut from a more perfect cloth. Chris kept trying to force those thoughts away. He was just drunk, that's all. Chris stood up quickly, swaying slightly as he abruptly excused himself. 

"See you around!" Devan said as Chris staggered back to his empty suite. He fumbled with the keycard as his mind sluggishly tried to process what just happened. Clearly he was just wasted. That was the whole point! But what the fuck was he doing thinking about Devan? That wasn't him, not at all. It wasn't until he was back within the solitude of his room that he realized his cock was as hard as a steel rod. 

It's just because I've been so long without getting laid, he thought to himself, of course anyone touching me would set me off! Hell, a strong breeze would've done it. His shaft was pulsing gently to his heartbeat, Chris knew he needed to take care of it or else he'd be sporting wood all day. 

Chris pulled down his shorts, his cock flipping up and slapping his pelvis. He took a moment to consider his piece of meat. A hair over 7 inches, with a circumsized mushroom head that was an angry red with arousal. He gently grasped his throbbing cock and began to gently tug as he tried to imagine some slut bobbing her mouth on his cock. But inexplicably, the face kept changing to Devan. His lips looked so soft, like they were made to slurp and slobber on a thick dick. And for some reason that made Chris stroke his cock faster and faster, moaning as he felt his cum begin to boil in his sweaty sack. He brought his left hand up to pinch his nipples, which were always very sensitive, as his right furiously pounded up and down on his cock. 

His mind suddenly switched positions, and he saw himself kneeling down, engulfing Devan's cock in his own mouth. The image pushed him over the edge as his cock spasmed, shooting a stream of thick white cum into the air as Chris gasped and moaned. He kept pumping his cock as rope after rope of hot jizz came gushing out of his cock. After he shot five times, his cum blast slowed to just a couple tremulous dribbles as Chris began to catch his breath. That was the most intense orgasm he'd had in years, and some dark part of him knew that it wasn't just the frustration of not having sex for a while that was the cause. But he pushed aside the thought as he grabbed a sheet to wipe himself down. His lower torso was dripping with spent cum, and the room had developed a musky odor from the primal exhibition of sexuality. 

Once he had mopped up the majority of his jizz, Chris flopped down on the bed. What the hell is going on, he wondered?This was clearly a one-off, brought on by the Hawaiian heat and too much alcohol. He'll sleep it off and get on with enjoying his vacation tomorrow. Feeling better now that he had a plan, albeit a weak one, he fell asleep almost instantly; the faintest stench of sweat and cum still lingering in the air. 

Bent over a table, moaning and jerking his cock, Chris was overwhelmed with sensation. How could this not have happened before? Why had he waited so long to get fucked in the ass? It was amazing! He turned over to get a better look at the man fucking him so fiercely, only to see his own face looking back at him in the throes of an orgasm. 

Chris opened his eyes and groggily looked around. He was in his room, laying sideways on his bed. His sheets were tangled around his body, and his cock stood proudly at full mast, like a tree rising out of a snowy meadow. He idly stroked himself as he rolled out of bed and looked himself over in the mirror. The dream he had was slipping away, but the feelings he had during it were still ingrained on his psyche. Whatever it was, it must have been pretty hot. Chris was rock hard.

The plan for today was a little hair of the dog and laying on the beach under an umbrella. Maybe he'll switch it up and have a bottle of beer instead of liquor today; gotta add some adventure to his trip! Chris hopped into the shower (a cold one to take care of his raging erection), tossed on some shorts and flip flops and wandered down to the breakfast buffet for a little food before making his way to the bar. He snagged a couple of beers, some local brand of light beer, and found a spot near the ocean.  

It was an uneventful morning of enjoying some cold beers and a pretty view. Near noon, Chris felt the urgent need to drain himself of the surprisingly good local beer so he headed to the restroom building near the resort. Once inside, he stood in front of a urinal, fished out his cock and let loose a stream of piss. Chris groaned audibly as he enjoyed the sensation.

"Nothing like a good piss, eh Chris?" Chris nearly ruined his shoes as he jerked his head at the voice. It was Devan, who had stepped out of the nearby shower clad in nothing but a towel around his waist.

"Oh, uh...yeah." Chris stammered, trying to regain his composure as he continued to let loose a stream of yellow urine. 

"Sorry, didn't mean to startle you. Guess I should wear a bell around my neck eh?" 

"Yeah, I guess. What're you up to?" Chris asked, trying to make some casual conversation.

"Just came back from a swim in the ocean. It was nice, but I'm going to go get something to eat. How about you? You had anything to eat yet?"

"Not yet." Part of Chris didn't want to spend any more time around Devan, who made Chris feel stranger and stranger as time went on. But that small part was rapidly being downed out with something growing inside him that Chris couldn't quite name. "What did you have in mind?"

"Oh, nothing fancy, there's a burger joint nearby that's supposed to be pretty good, the locals eat there. I'm sick of the touristy crap around here."

"Sounds good. You wanna grab some clothes before you go, or are you just gonna rock the towel?"

Devan smirked, Chris would almost call it a leer. "Maybe, just need to drain the snake real quick." Devan stepped into the urinal next to Chris, and readjusted his towel. Chris' heart jumped into his throat as he forced himself to stare intently on the wall 10 inches away from his face. Devan certainly wasn't piss-shy, moments later Chris could hear the steady stream of liquid hitting the porcelain. He felt compelled to look over. Unbidden, some part of him had to know what Devan's cock looked like. While Devan merely enjoyed the simple pleasure of a good leak, Chris was being torn apart by an internal struggle. The needling voice finally won out, and Chris decided to take the quickest of peeks. With an oh-so-subtle turn of the head, Chris glanced down.

It was perfect. Simply perfect. Even soft in his hand, it looked to be at least 5 inches, nestled in a soft bush of black hair. The head was just peeking out from his foreskin. He even caught sight of Devans nutsack, dusted lightly with fine hair and hanging loosely before his hand. Chris' imagination raced, filling his mind with images of a naked Devan. Chris realized that Devan was done pissing, and not doing anything. Chris also realized that the 'quickest of peeks' had turned into a full on stare. Chris, red faced, slowly looked up to see Devan looking right at him. 

"You ok bro?" Devan asked, a small smile on his face. He couldn't tell if he was being friendly, or something...else.

"Oh! Uh yeah...sorry. Um. You're tanned all over." It was such a stupid thing to say, but that was the only complete sentence Chris could formulate. Devan flashed a bright smile.

" Hell yeah I am. I found a nice little spot, real secluded. Trust me, it's those little details that are always appreciated, know what I mean?" Devan had a weird way of asking you a question, forcing you into the conversation. 

"Uh..yeah, I mean, I guess." Surely Devan must have seen how Chris was gaping at his cock. Right?

"I'll show you sometime, you're getting a good tan goin, you'll want to get it even. Sound good?"

"Yeah! I mean, yeah that's cool." Chris felt like he was back in high school. Why was Devan winding him up so much? Something about him made Chris want to earn his approval. 

"Cool. Anyway, how about that burger? I've got a powerful hunger." Devan winked at him. 

What was going on? Chris felt the situation slipping out of his control, and yet... he didn't want to stop. He sat by as Devan sauntered over to the nearby lockers and dropped his towel with what could only be described as a flourish. Chris once again found himself gaping at this specimen of a man. His pert ass was perfectly symmetrical, with the barest wisps of hair just under the small of his back. Devan rummaged through his locker, bouncing ever so slightly on the balls of his feet. He seemed to be taking his time, he had to know that Chris was staring. 

Devan pulled out a pair of bright red briefs, and bent down to put them on, revealing his innermost spot, a tight little pucker ringed by a sparse ring of fine hair. Chris couldn't help it, his cock almost exploded to full mast in a heartbeat. Devan didn't seem to notice as he wiggled back to an upright position. He put on some shorts and left the Hawaiian shirt he slipped on unbuttoned, leaving his tight stomach and pecs exposed. His nipples were two dark silver dollars that stood our ever so slightly. He flashed another lovely smile as he nodded towards the door. 

"Shall we?"

"Yeah.." 

And with that, Devan led Chris out, Chris barely managing to hide his erection as they walked to the front lobby of the hotel to snag a shuttle bus. 

The restaurant was a greasy spoon sort of joint, with high booths and dim lights. Devan chose a booth in the far corner of the restaurant and bee-lined towards it. Chris followed diligently and sat down across from Devan. Grabbing a plastic menu from the table top, Chris perused his options. As he was looking over the menu, he felt something brush against his feet. He looked up, but Devan was idly flipping through his menu. Seemingly unaware that it was, in fact, his foot that had brush against Chris' and was resting gently on top of it, his flip flop nowhere to be felt. Chris blushed deeply and tried not to make a fuss. Even when he felt Devan moving his foot back and forth, rubbing, he said nothing. 

Then he felt Devan's big toe gently caressing the inside of his foot. Having let him go this far, Chris couldn't say anything now. But unbidden, his traitorous cock once again began to stir as Devan gently pushed Chris's foot up with his big toe, and began to trace small circles on the sole of his foot. And yet Devan still looked like he was bored, re-reading the menu waiting for a waiter to arrive. But he didn't relent on his assault upon Chris's poor, sensitive foot. Chris's cock throbbed in his shorts, straining against the fabric. Chris looked down, and saw a small wet spot was forming at the tip of the tent he had created with his arousal. Flush, Chris struggled not to react, and yet even though he could have moved his foot away, he couldn't force himself away from the sensations coursing through his body. 

"Hey guys, what can I getcha?" Enthralled with the caresses on his foot, Chris didn't even notice the waiter hop over to take their order.

"How about a coke?" Devan asked, as if nothing in the world was more normal than stroking another man's foot in a restaurant.

"Alright, and for you... sir?" The waiter's eyes flickered down to Chris's crotch. 

"Um...uh. Yeah..a coke." Chris stammered out. His cock was throbbing in his pants, it was impossible to miss. The fact that he knew that the waiter knew made him blush a deep shade of red, and yet he felt like he had never been this hard before in his life. 

"Ok, uh I'll be right back with those sodas." The waiter dropped his eyes and skittered away. 

Devan watched the waiter walk away and turned his head to Chris. "Huh, he was nervous. Think he's new here?" A hint of a smile played at his lips as he put Chris in yet another awkward spot. 

"Um...maybe..." Chris could barely string together more than two words, much less engage in conversation. Devan smirked at Chris, winked and pulled out his smartphone and starting messing around, like Chris wasn't even there anymore. 

For a few minutes, Chris welcomed the reprieve, but as the minutes passed, the drinks set down, the orders taken, Chris starting squirming. Why was Devan ignoring him? Had he offended him somehow, upset him? It had only been two days, but Chris couldn't stand to think that Devan didn't want to be around him. Chris sat in embarrassed silence as the burgers were brought out and eaten. By the time the bill was paid and they were walking back to shuttle station Chris was almost ready to have a fit. 

"Hey, I've got a bottle of good whiskey in my hotel room. Want to help me finish it off?" Seemingly out of nowhere Devan was back to grins. A wave of strange relief washed over Chris as he almost fell over himself to accept. 

Devan's room was pretty standard: a single queen sized bed, leather chair in the corner, patio chair on the balcony overlooking the ocean. Chris walked over to the leather chair and sat down while Devan opened up the mini fridge and pulled out an ice box and a bottle of whiskey. He noticed Chris sitting on the chair and gestured with the bottle towards the bed 

"It's easier if we both sit on the bed, less passing around of the bottle, right?

"Yeah, I guess you're right." Chris almost hopped to obey as Devan grabbed two glasses from the countertop. He set the ice bucket and whiskey on the bed and scooped out a little ice into each cup. Then he unscrewed the top of the whiskey and added a very generous amount of whiskey to each one. 

"Enjoy! It's some fancy Japanese brand, those guys go nuts over niche products like this." Devan said as he handed the very full class to Chris. Still a little nervous about the whole situation, Chris took a gulp of the whiskey and coughed violently.

"Woah, careful there. This isn't a race you know. Here, let me put a little more ice in there, someone's gotta pace you." Devan reached for Chris glass, and as Chris handed it to him, he could feel Devan's hand touching his own and gently brushing it before taking the glass back. Chris felt a slight stirring in his pants as he waited for his glass to be returned to him.

"Here you go. Salud!" And thus the drinking began. Half a bottle later, Chris was feeling pretty buzzed, and the conversation had once again had steered itself (or had it?) to Chris's apparent Ex-wife. Chris was once again bemoaning the fact that she had put an end to all intimate encounters for the past month. 

"That's rough buddy. She must've been a pretty good fuck though if you stuck with all that shit from her, huh?"

"Yeah, she was fantastic. She had a pussy like a velvet glove, it was always so tight. And when I begged her enough, she could suck dick like no one else. God I'm gonna miss that." Unconsciously Chris began to rub himself through his pants. Devan looked down and smiled his winning smile.

"Hey man, looks like you're a little uncomfortable in those shorts. Why don't you take em off and squeeze one out? You look like you could really use it." Somewhere inside the back of Chris's mind, he knew that he was about to cross a line, but between the haze of strong liquor and even stronger sexual frustration, Chris couldn't pay much attention to that little voice. He stood up, swaying slightly from the potent liquor and unbuttoned his shorts and let them fall. His cock, free of it's confines, jerked up at an acute angle to his pelvis. Chris sat down and slowly started stroking himself.

"Tell me more about her blowjobs. What was it like feeling her mouth on your cock?" Devan's voice had an assertive, almost primal edge to it. As Chris stroked, moaning out how good it felt to have his bitch of an ex-wife on his cock, the musky smell of male sweat and sex filled the room. His eyes closed, Chris almost forgot about Devan's presence until he felt the bed shift and shuffling in front of him. He opened his eyes to see Devan right in front of him, naked from the waist down stroking his thick cock. Fully erect, it was a beautiful 9 inches, the head barely ringed by his foreskin. A drop of precum glistened on the tip of his slit. 
