 Tulsa is one hell of a way to spend a Tuesday. The clapping had barely stopped when I got up from behind my set and started shaking hands. Henry, the bassist, balding and looking much older than he acted, flashed a quick smile and thanked me, leaning over his massive instrument.

"Man, it was just like you weren't even there. I mean you fit in just like a puzzle piece." Chet said in his deep, engulfing tone, guitar swung around to his back.

"Well thanks, I had a great time. You all be sure and give Steph and I a call if your boy needs more time to heal." I said, shaking his hand in earnest. Chet was obviously a beautiful creature in his youth, with his James Dean hairline, chiseled face and lean body. He looked good even now, especially with the sweat sheen of a job well played. I had snuck glances at him during the set. Admired his hips. His ass.

"Will do buddy. Where to next?"

"I don't know. Hopefully there's a message on my phone and I'll go from there."

"Ok, well thanks again." He says, turning away with a quick smile. I put my head down and start putting my drums in their cases. This is a pretty typical weeknight for me. Or any night, for that matter. My phone buzzes in my pocket. Setting down a cymbal I pull it out and see that it's Steph. She is my "agent" if that's what you want to call her. Basically we met in middle school and became what some might call best friends. We fought like hell and still do, but whatever. Anyway, she went on after high school to be the office manager at a communications company and I hit the road with bands. Long story short a couple of years ago I found myself without a gig and offered her a cut to put her wonderful communication skills to good use and help me get some jobs and, being a sucker for any extra cash, she did just that, Keeping me busy for the better part of those years.

"Say words"

"Ok, you're going to need to get an oil change for this one."

"Where?"

"Seattle."

"Excellent. Call you later."

"Kisses"she says, in a tone of self confidence. I flip the phone shut, letting out a tiny sigh while doing so. Having a new job waiting for me always makes me feel better. I am lucky to have gotten this gig and only did so because their drummer got a hairline fracture playing softball and they had heard of me through a blues outfit that I had filled in for in Oklahoma City last year. The club is clearing out and the bar has settled down into the slow mulling of the real drinkers, those there for a reason other than live music and a good time. I walk past a young couple discussing politics and make my way to the bar where Levi raises his eyebrows and hands me light beer, which he had given me a hard time about during load in, but that was ok. Any attention from him is good attention as far as I'm concerned. Levi is tall and lanky with dark hair gelled into a 50's replica. His chin is pronounced and he is clean shaven. Young. His jeans are sexy in that they are not very stylish, but rather plain giving the impression of an innocence. His ass looks great in them, not to mention his buldge.

"So where you headed to next?" he asks, leaning against over the bar. I take a hard swallow from the bottle.

"Seattle, apparently." I remind myself over and over to keep my eyes on his. Or on the beer in my hand. I have to remind myself of this often.

"Oh yeah? I went up there with a friend a few years ago. We went in the summer, it was beautiful." I wonder what "friend" means. I had gotten a tinge of a signal from him when I met him earlier and am getting it again. A mic stand is knocked over on stage and I turn to see Chet bending over to get it while feedback blasts through the joint. Squinting my ears for the high pitch I look back at Levi and catch his eyes coming up from my crotch. That is what I wanted to see. The couple behind me are discussing their opinions on torture. I can relate.

"So what's going on after this?" I ask, careful not to be too forward.

"Nothing as far as I know. I have to clean this place up and then nothing." Hmmm...

"Well if you want to grab something to eat I'm about to starve..."

"Sure!" he interrupts "give me about a half hour and I should be done here." I nod and grab a booth. Flipping my phone open. "What's up?" I ask, knowing by the call I had received earlier that Steph has no date tonight, which is pretty rare for her. She is tall with red hair and a classy business style about her that make men go nuts. I hear lots of stories.

"Merlot. Shitty TV. Why is nothing on at 1 a.m.?"

"Why aren't you out with Joel tonight?" I ask, curious about the engineer she has been talking about for the past two weeks. "You still not giving it up to him?"

"uh...no." she says, letting her voice trail off and giving herself away, per the usual Steph.

"Bitch, please. Don't lie to me. I can't wait to hear about it."

"Shut up!" She replies, giggling as if she's not just as much of a slut as I am. "Ok, so this is a jazz quartet who's drummer quite because I guess the trumpet player is a real hardass so beware." I take a deep breath. I hate these jobs, but can't be too picky when there's nothing else on the radar. "I emailed you some files so get to listening. It's a three hour set, lots of standards and a few originals. I would tell you more but you know I can't stand that shit." She's referring to jazz. By looking at her you would think her musical taste would be more evolved, but alas everytime I ride with her it's hip hop and heavy metal.

"Ok, great. Did you get me a place yet?"

"Working on it. You have quite a drive ahead of you so you better get going, they need you for a Saturday rehearsal and shows the next 7 nights. You are going to leave tonight, right?" her voice is peristant and I can tell where this is going.

"Well, the bartender, Levi, wants to grace me with his exclusive company in a few so we'll see."

"Oh shit. Well you boys be good and give me a call when you're on the road and I might tell you what Joel looks like under those pesky clothes."

"Done and done. Love ya." I say. Setting my phone on the table my eyes catch something to my left and turning I realize that it's Levi. Unaware of how long he has been watching me, I meet his smiling gaze and give a good grin.

"All done?" I ask, in my most chipper voice.

"All done", he says and as I stand up he throws the bar rag behind the bar. It lands on bottle of vermouth.

"See ya Doug. Kenny." he says to voices that respond unenthusiastically behind him. The night air outside is crisp with spring air and we walk briskly through the parking lot. I am hoping that he has a vehicle and doesn't want to take my car. One of the drawbacks about my lifestyle is the junkfood that I constantly consume (though only when I am on the road) and the wrappers that once held that junk food littering my floor boards. That and I have no idea if I remembered to take my running shoes out.

"This is me." he says, stopping beside a large blue truck and I smile.

"Diesel?" I ask, though I already know the answer.

"Yessir." he responds in an exaggerated hillbilly accent. This is Oklahoma after all. As soon as we leave the parking lot I can feel his eyes darting over to me. I am watching his chest rise and fall more rapidly with each inch forward. Pulling up to a red light his stop is sudden and before I can act his large hand is on the back of my neck and he pulls me across the bucket seat. His kiss is warm. His breath has a faint whiskey tinge to it and he is breathing just as heavy as I am. I like the way he has his hand on my head and I rub his jeans rapidly. I car honks behind us a I turn startled, only to realize the windows have a dark tent and we were just late on the light. Levi hits the gas lightly and the truck moves forward. My lips kiss his checks and his neck and my hand rubs his cock through his jeans. Soon I let go and my hand is past the fortress of zipper and button and I am holding him in my hand. Impressive in size and extremely hard. I kiss the head and he moans. Lick it. The slight salt of precum and I let my lips take it. Engulf him. The rhythm of the road paired with my natural rhythm play in time with each other and he moans and jerks the wheel a little every time I go all the way. We stop at a stop sign just as he lets loose and I taste the warm flood in my mouth. I swallow all of him and lick him clean when I'm done.

"We're here" he says with his head back and eyes closed. I rise up and check my face in the mirror, looking beautiful and ready to eat!

The place is a Brewery in a large, red brick building that must have been a factory at one time. I study the ceiling. It is of a beautiful tin design and makes the walls seem much taller than they actually are. The air is a mixture of women's perfume and smoke mixed with the odor of hops coming from the brewing tanks at the front of the restaurant. I have already ordered a pitcher of dark beer when Levi finally makes his way to the booth. He frops down beside me and smiles.

"Sorry." he says, flushed either from exhaustion or embarrassment, I can't tell and don't honestly don't care. "It's just that it's been a while and...I mean...wow." he looks away. I smile. Our beer arrives and I pour us both a glass and slide a menu his way.

"Care to eat?" I ask, still smiling with pride and the thought of what else I have to look forward to this evening.

"Are you kidding, I'm famished!" Jean studies the menu hard and when out waitress returns he orders the largest burger on the menu as well as an extra order of fries. Yea you better eat as much as you can, you're going to need that energy later... I order a very PC grouper and fries plate. I like to eat light when I know I'm going to get laid, keeps me agile and quick. Levi tells me all about the lumber yard he works at during the day and I study his hands which reveal it to be true. He tells me about his on again off again relationship with a girl named Wendy and the on again off again fuck with a guy named Bill. I picture him pressed against a stack of lumber being worked over by a burly man with a large beard and smokey voice.

"You like when Bill fucks you little man?" My version of Bill asks.

"Yes sir." Levi replies with tears coming down his cheek and a somewhat forced smile on his face. This thought is highly entertaining to me for some reason and I find myself trying not to smile as he tells me about a bet he just lost. I let him talk because, after all, the less I have to reveal about myself the better.

When the check comes Levi insists on paying and we step out into the Oklahoma wind which has a slight chill to it, but smells fresh and is a welcome change from the dank city air that I am usually exposed to.

"You're not ready to call it quits are you?" Levi asks and I shake my head. We get to his truck and before he can round the front I grab his jacket and throw him against the door. I kiss him deep and slow and rub my hand over his hardening crotch. Piling into the truck he puts his hand on my thigh and rubs in an almost frantic rhythm. It doesn't take long and he is rubbing my cock through my pants and I have my hands on him rubbing his forearms, which are strong and impressive.

We drive for a long time past the buildings and out of the streetlights and eventually pull onto a dirt road that winds forever and eventually the truck stops at the edge of a lake. The moon is full and clouds are superimposing themselves on it as they pass quickly. Outside I can hear the wind against the truck. Levi leans over and pulls my shirt up as he rubs my covered cock. A round stain through my pants reveals my anticipation and as he licks my nipples his other hand releases my belt and lowers my zipper with ease. I recline the seat back and grasp the headrest. He pulls my member free and attacks it with aggression. I can feel his ferocious appetite and close my eyes determined to enjoy this. His mouth is wet and he makes slurping sounds as he engulfs me. I feel that this is a tricky game and I am walking a thin line between enjoyment and orgasm so I push his head off of me into his seat and I quickly undo his pants, laying him down on the bench seat and climbing on top of him. Levi reaches under his seat and pulls out a tube of lubricant and I apply it to his cock liberally.

Lowering myself onto him takes my breath away. He directs my hips up and down and I give them a little circle occasionally, enjoying the moan it produces. I am glad that I gave him the bj earlier because I want to enjoy this ride. Outside the wind screams against the windshield. Everything is fogged up and the air is thick with lust. When his head hits the seat I plant myself firmly on him and massage his balls with my left hand while jerking with my right. As his warmth fills me I let go and cum on his chest. His face. His hair.

We ride for a second longer, determined to drain every ounce. We dress and both get out of the truck. The wind feels good on my skin and I stand at the lake watching water lap against the rocks. Out of nowhere I feel arms wrap around my waist and hear Levi ask "you ready to get out of here rockstar?"