 John Fisher was sitting at one of the many outdoor bars that covered the beach area of Phuket, Thailand watching the hundreds of sailors walking around. He had just gotten off the ship with a four day pass of not having to be back at the ship until the morning it got underway. The sun had just gone down with an evening tropical breeze blowing off of the ocean cooling off the heat of the day. All of the bars were jumping with activity and of course there were the usual bar girls that hustled the sailors for drinks and to pay their bar fines for the night.

He was 23, tall, muscular build, brown hair, and was a second class petty officer in the Navy and this was his third trip to Phuket. Here he was sitting drinking a cold beer but the fun that he had experienced the first couple of times in Phuket seemed to not matter anymore. When he had lost his fiancé two months before deploying his life seemed to have lost the fun and wildness he had always found before. He had been so in love with her that they had discussed getting married before he deployed then flying out to Phuket with some of the other Navy wives to enjoy a honeymoon in the tropical paradise.

He drained his beer and got up from the bar stool and headed off down the street to find a quiet bar to sit in and get drunk. This whole deployment was out of whack emotionally. He had requested to be left behind because of the tragic circumstances surrounding his fiancé's death. She had been working late at the doctor's office and when she came out to get in her car had become caught in a gang drive by shooting. She was hit in her heart and died instantly. The police had still not found the shooters or even why shooting had happened. His Captain had met with him personally after it had happened and conveyed his sincerest apologies and condolences but, John's job on the ship was critical and they needed him for the deployment. John was given a week off and then it was back to preparing for deployment. When he came back he wasn't the hard charging sailor that he had once been.

John realized as he was walking down the main drag that he had been so desperate to get off the ship and away from it that he had forgotten to pack a bag for his stay ashore. He shrugged his shoulders and decided that he could always pick up some cheesy shorts and tank tops to wear later. He took one of the many side streets that were a little quieter than the others. He saw a bar with the name "The Rainbow Bar" that was quiet and it had only a few customers in it. Most of the customers appeared to be European men. John shrugged his shoulders and said, "Fuck it! It's quiet and there aren't any Navy guys around." He walked in and headed for a corner table.

A waiter came over and asked what he wanted to drink. "Sir, what may I get you?"

"Please get me a cold beer and keep them coming for the next hour." John said with a sigh.

"Do you know what kind of bar this is?" the waiter asked. He knew that this American was a sailor and probably didn't realize he had walked in to a gay bar.

John looked up with an irritated look. "Listen asshole, I don't care what kind of bar this is! All I want to do is drink some beer without any other sailors around me and some bar girl hustling me for drinks asking me to take her to a hotel to fuck her!"

The waiter shrugged his shoulders and walked back to the bar to get John his beer.

John leaned back in his chair and let out a loud sigh. He looked around the bar and realized that there wasn't a single woman in the bar but, he really liked the fact that there weren't any other navy guys to bother him. 

The waiter came back with a beer and left him alone to drink it. John took the beer and took a big swig of it and then leaned back. As far as he was concerned the Navy could do without him for the next four days and if he had his say he and the Navy would have parted ways a few months ago.

The owner of the bar came walking in and saw John sitting in the corner. This was strange seeing an American sailor in his bar because he knew that this bar was one of the out of bounds area for sailors. He walked over to the John and sat down and signaled the waiter to bring a drink for him as well as for John.

John look irritated at the man that had just sat down at the table. "What the fuck you want?"

"My name is Marc and I own the bar, however, I hope you do realize that this is a gay bar or what you American sailors like to say a "Fag" bar." The man said as the waiter set the drinks on the table. "I think this is one of the bars your Navy has declared out of bounds for you guys."

John finally admitted to himself that this was a gay bar but, from the moment he had come in the bar there was a feeling of being comfortable and a feeling of being at home. On top of it the music that was playing was helping him to relax. "Look, I just want to sit here and drink my beer quietly and enjoy some peace and quiet away from the fucking Navy. I promise I'll sit in the corner here and not bother anyone." John said in almost a pleading voice.

"Well, you sound rather desperate my young friend so, as long as your quiet I don't mind you being here but, if your Shore patrol comes by I don't want a scene." Marc said standing up. "If you need anything let me know and I'll see what I can do." Marc grabbed his drink then stood up heading to the bar to check the stock of alcohol for the night. 

John sat there finishing his beer and then started on the one that Marc had bought him. He watched as some of the men were sitting close to each other and holding hands. He at first felt uncomfortable but realized as time went by that it wasn't as bad as the Navy said it was about gay bars in Phuket. John was enjoying his beer, the music, and relaxing when Marc came over an hour later with two beers and sat down.

"By the way I introduced myself but I didn't catch your name." Marc said sitting down and placing one of the beers in front of John. 

"I'm sorry, my name is John Fisher." John said holding out his hand. "I didn't mean to bite your head off earlier it's just that I've been under a lot of stress lately from an incident that happen a couple of months before the ship deployed. Today was the first time I've been off the ship in about a month and a half and I didn't want to be around sailors at least for the next couple of days."

Marc understood exactly what John was saying. "Yes I can relate to that. I'm originally from California but about five years ago I became caught up in some bullshit in college and it got so bad that I dropped out of college, came over here opened up "The Rainbow bar" and have been minding my own business since then."

John look surprised at this tall muscular Californian runaway that looked like he belonged here. "Well Marc, I like this bar and could care less that this is a gay bar. The music is okay and the owner is alright as well." John raised his beer and toasted to Marc.

"Can I ask you what your plans are while you're here?" Marc asked after taking a swig of his beer.

John smiled, "Well I have the next four days off and I don't need to be back onboard until the morning the ship gets underway. However, I was so determined to get off the boat that I forgot to pack a bag and I've still yet to find a hotel room to crash in."

Marc thought for a moment and then said, "Look I have an idea. I have a place down near the beach that has its own private beach as well as a few other nice touches. It's about a 30 minute ride from here and I have plenty of room. Why don't you crash there and I can give you a tour of Phuket that is a lot nicer than the ones the locals give to tourists, plus I have this Thai chef that cooks like a five star chef." Marc paused then said, "I can also guarantee that there won't be another sailor within a mile of you."

John thought for a few seconds and then said, "Okay sounds good to me, especially the part about a sailor not being within a mile of me."

Marc stood up and said, "Okay then it's settled." Marc walked over to the bar and talk to the waiter that had waited on John earlier and then signaled for John to follow him out of the bar. Once they were standing outside Marc headed towards the main drag and then signaled for a taxi. 

Once both men got in a taxi Marc spoke Thai and soon they were bolting in and out of traffic. In about ten minutes they were clearing the bright lights of Phuket and down a dark road.

Twenty minutes later the taxi turned down a dirt road that seemed to vanish into the jungle. John was getting a little nervous that maybe this wasn't such a good idea. Maybe this guy was taking him out into the jungle and killing him. However he relaxed when they arrived at a two a story house that was well lit in front. 

Marc got out and paid the taxi driver and signaled for John to follow him in to the house. "Let me give you a tour of the place but, before I do that let me see if my live-in chef, Chappie, is in and she can whip us up something to eat and drink." Marc walked in to the kitchen area and disappeared.

John looked around the living room area and saw a back patio area that was lit with tiki torches. There was also a hot tub sitting on the patio area and further back John could make out the beach. John walked out on to the patio and took a deep breath. It was so quiet and peaceful, no city sounds, no bright lights. John closed his eyes and let the rest of his senses take everything in. He could fell his entire body relaxing as the cool, tropical breeze blew over him.

Marc came out from the kitchen and saw John standing on the patio. He walked up behind John and placed his arm around John's shoulder. "It's pretty nice here, but nights like this when the moon is full and the breeze is just right it is heaven."

John popped his eyes open at the sound of Marc's voice and feeling Marc's arm around his shoulder. He turned and said, "Marc this is so nice. This is perfect!"

"Yes it is. This is my piece of heaven that I came to after I dropped out of college. My former lover was from here and his father is a very rich man in these parts. His son, Dao, and I were going to come back here and open up a small inn for gay couples to come to but after Dao was killed in California the year before we graduated I came here to get away from the outside crazy world." Marc said with a sigh.

"I wish that I had a place like this. It's like we stepped out the insanity of the human rat race and into a perfect world where time has no meaning I know my....." John stopped his sentence. The thought of his fiancé was bringing back everything that had happened before the shooting when he had been so happy.

Marc saw John's face change and knew that he needed to talk to release what demons he had inside of him. 

Just then a small, Thai woman came out carrying a tray with two beers on it. She was wearing a two piece, neon green bikini with a light green, see through wrap-around skirt around her waist. She smiled at John and said to Marc, "Here are your beers and I'm warming up some food for you to eat. I will bring that out shortly, then after that I will be going over to Jenny's place." The woman bowed slightly and walked back inside and into the kitchen.

"That was your live-in chef?" John looked surprised that such a beautiful woman worked for Marc who was gay.

Marc smiled at John and said, "Let's sit down. Her name is Chadapa I call her Chappie for short. She came to work for me a couple of years ago. She is quite a story and don't let her looks fool you. She is one of the many transvestites that are in Thailand but she is quite unique." Marc handed John a beer then sat back with a sigh. "She showed up at my bar one day and had been beaten up by her pimp because she had not made as much money the night before. We got to talking and she told me that she loved to cook and I needed someone to cook at my house as well as buy food for my bar so, I bought her from her pimp and she has been living here ever since cooking and keeping the cooks at my bar honest."

John looked surprised at what Marc had just told him. "You mean that she is a guy?"

Marc nodded his head. "She was quite the transvestite hooker. She has a working 8-inch cock on her that she showed me when she first started working here."

John was in shock that it was a guy. "I just can't believe it!"

Chadapa came out carrying a tray of food and placed it on the table. She saw that John was staring at her with a look of curiosity. "Marc did you tell him that I'm not really a woman, even though I have these nice lovely breasts."

"Chappie, I told him but he just can't believe it." Marc said with a smile.

Chappie smiled at Marc and then looked at John. "Well, I guess I had better show you now so that way you're not staring at me while you're here." Chappie stepped back and first took off her top releasing medium-sized breasts. Her nipples were already erect and she stepped closer to John saying, "Go ahead feel them."

John slowly raised his hand and touched Chappie's breasts softly.

"Oh you're a shy one I wish that I could show you just how sexually fulfilling it would to share a bed with me for a night." Chappie let John caress her breasts some more then stood up. "Well let me show you what a lot of my ex-customers liked on me." Chappie stepped back taking off her wrap-around skirt letting it flutter lightly to the sand at her feet. She turned her back to John pulling her bikini bottom down her legs and then stepping out of them. "Like that ass?" Chappie said while reaching around and caressing her ass.

John was stunned as Chappie took of her clothes in front of him. He already had an erection that was straining to get out of his pants. Touching her breasts had been so much like touching a woman's, then watched as she seductively removed her bikini bottoms. 

Marc could see the erection that John had and was impressed with it. He had like John from the minute he had seen him in the bar and maybe things could get a little more interesting with the right prodding.

"Okay John, let me show you my real treasure." Chappie turned around and showed her cock which was already half erect. She stepped up close to John and said, "Go ahead and touch it. You know you want to."

John stared at Chappie's cock and couldn't move. He stared at the half erect, bald cock on this lovely looking woman and found himself not being turned off by it. He slowly reached out and touched the tip of Chappie's cock, then pulled back his hand.

"Okay Chappie, that's enough we don't want to scare the young man, he is one of the sailors off that Navy ship anchored off the point and is going to be with us for the next few days. Thanks for bringing this snack out." Marc said with a smile, knowing that John would be in his bed tonight.

Chappie turned around and bent over to pick up her bathing suit and made sure that John got an eyeful of her. If Marc seduced this guy, maybe she could get some of John's cock. Marc had done that on several occasions with some of the male guest he picked up in his bar. Chappie headed back in the house to get dressed and see her transvestite friend, Jenny, for some hot sex and relief.

Both men watched Chappie walk back in the house and sat there for a few minutes not talking. Marc then broke the silence, "Where are my manners? Let's enjoy this snack and beer and then afterwards you can enjoy a hot shower and a nice big comfortable bed to sleep in. Tomorrow we can go to a market nearby that isn't frequented by tourists where Chappie and I can get you some comfortable clothes to wear while you're here." Marc stood up stretching and his erection was still showing as he did.

John for a few seconds stared at Marc's erection that was poking an outline in his shorts and was shocked at how big it looked. John closed his eyes and then opened them again. He grabbed his beer and food trying not to stare at Marc's huge cock not realizing that his erection was still at full mast as well and was clearly outlined in his own pants. "Sounds great Marc and this food is great!"

Marc could see that John still had an erection after Chappie's little show. "I can see that you enjoy Chappie's show and tell." Marc said grinning. "Most guys react the same way you do especially when they see her cock."

John just nodded his head. He had been surprised at his own reaction and that he had even touched Chappie's cock. He never thought of being gay but for a few minutes he had crossed that line and secretly wished that Chappie hadn't left. "She is rather unique Marc."

Marc knew that John would cross the line and sleep with Chappie but, Marc felt something for this young sailor both emotional as well as sexual. He decided that it was time for John to see him totally naked. "Before I take you in how about a quick dip in the ocean then we can rinse off in the outside shower and sit in my hot tub for a little bit. It will definitely help you relax and get that Navy washed off you." 

John sat there eating some more of the snacks and then said, "I don't have a swimsuit."

Marc laughed, "One of the advantages of having your own private beach is that you can skinny dip anytime you want and not have a hundred people gawking at you. I'm heading down for a dip and if you want to come along you can. If you don't I understand that you're tired." Marc pulled off his tank top and showed a muscular build with a washboard stomach that had an awesome six pack. Marc saw that John was looking at him and paused letting John take in his upper body. "I have a small gym here to keep myself in shape so I can take care of drunk and wild customers." Marc then kicked off his flip flops and with a slow fluid motion unbuttoned his shorts and let them fall to the ground revealing that he wasn't wearing any underwear as well as a huge erect cock that popped out.

John was shocked when Marc took his shorts off revealing he had no underwear on. However, what caught his eye was the huge cock on Marc. It had to be 10 inches. He licked his lips and tried to moisten his mouth with spit. He felt his own cock bursting at the seams in his pants trying to burst out of them. Taking a drink of his beer he managed to talk, "Uh sure."

Marc knew that John was becoming curious and with a little luck he might have this sexy sailor in his bed tonight. "Okay, I'm going down to the water. I'll be waiting for you." Marc then walked off towards the surf with a smile.

John sat there watching Marc head towards the water not believing the feelings he was having seeing Marc's nude body. He had to admit that Marc had an awesome body and that cock of his. John had never even considered sex with a man but seeing Chappie and then touching her cock. Something inside of him like a locked door had been opened and feelings that he had never had before were coming out.

Marc was an awesome guy and it was so easy to talk to him. He hadn't been able to talk to anyone like that since his fiancé. He stood up, took another drink of his beer and then removed his clothes. Standing naked the cool, tropical breeze felt good on his body. It added an erotic feeling to the air and the thought of being in the water with the Marc was arousing him. He took a deep breath and headed off towards the water with his heart beating rapidly walking as if he was in slow motion towards the surf as if in a dream.

Marc saw John get up and undress. He took a deep breath as he saw the young man's body. "Not bad for an American sailor, with some more work in the gym John could have a hot body." Marc mumbled feeling his own cock pulsating in the water. "Just take it easy Marc, John is going to come to you easily so don't rush him." Marc thought as he licked his lips as John walked in to the water.

John saw Marc sitting in the water ahead of him looking at him differently. The strange thing about it was that it was turning him on and felt the urge to hug Marc and then kiss him. It was becoming a romantic as well as an erotic site as the moonlight replaced the glow of the tiki torches.
