 After the hot fuck I just received from the trucker I thought I would just rest a bit and go back to my apartment.

Sitting on the guard rail of the access road I watched as the squad car pulled up by me and stopped and both of the officers got out of the squad car and came over to me.

Both of the officers were dressed in short sleeved uniforms that looked made to order. I glanced down at their crotches and they did not miss that. The first officer stated, rather than asked, if I had been hanging out in the rest stop restrooms and sucking every cock that was pushed through the glory holes. He continued to look me over as the other officer said that they could tell by the way I was dressed that I was just a horny gay boy looking for cock. As the first officer closely approached me he wrinkled his nose and said "hey Al, he smells like he's covered in cum." 

Al stepped up next to me sniffed the air and said "you got that right Mike." Then Al said "you been sucking cock all night boy? I don't see any cum on his face so he must be taking it up the ass, is that right boy?" Both of the officers, as I know knew as Al & Mike, looked to be about 36 yrs. old, standing about 5"10" and weighing in at about 180lbs of what looked like solid muscle. My gaze was again pulled down their torsos to their crotches. 

Again this did not go unnoticed and Mike said "he sure seems to be interested in what we're packing down below Al." "Al, why don't you go and close off this access road, no need for any other cars to come up here" and then "boy, get out of those cloths and get on your knees." I was now scared shittless and thought that if I just give them both a good blow job then they'll let me go home.

I slowly pulled my top over my head when Mike just reached over and ripped my flimsy red shorts right off of me. I now stood there naked except for my flip-flops and saw Al smiling as he came back up the road after coning it off. "I said get on your knees cock sucker" Mike said as he was unbuckling and unzipping his pants and Al was unzipping as he walked up to where I had just dropped to me knees.

Mike hauled out the biggest and thickest cock I have ever seen, the damn thing hung semi-hard at what looked like 9 inches and was rising fast. I licked my lips and looked over at Al as he pulled out a rock hard hooded 8" cock that was already leaking pre cum through the heavy foreskin covering the tasty head. I looked back at Mike and my eyes about popped out of my head as his huge fuck tool was now pointing right at me in all of its 10" glory. Mike laughed as I guess he could see the combination of fear and lust in my eyes as I gazed upon his magnificent man cock. 

Mike said "don't worry boy you can just suck on this thing while Al opens up your boy pussy and gets it nice and loose, we're going to fuck you senseless." I just opened wide and started to suck on the head of Mikes massive meat as Al stuck two fingers up my hole and started to laugh. "You were right Mike, this kids been fucked good and he's still loose and full of cum." With that Al just pulled his hand away and shoved his 8" uncut thick cock right up my ass until I felt his big nuts bang into mine.

Mike said "you came up here looking for cock and you're going to get plenty of it kid." 

With that we heard a blast from a big rig as it drove down the entrance ramp to the freeway. I could barely move my head but I could tell it came from the trucker that had just fucked me raw and now he could see these two hunky cops filling me with cock from both ends. I couldn't help but think about meeting him again in a week.

Mike grabbed my head and just shoved his 10" python right down my throat and I thought I would pass out from lack of air, as I said before I am an accomplished cocksucker but I had never deep throated a cock that size before. Mike held it there and then pulled out and let me catch a breath and then right back down my throat it went. I could not believe that here I was outside on the freeway access road being fucked at both ends by a couple of hung Chicago Police Officers. With that thought in mind my dick shot off without me even touching it. My cum splashed all over Mikes shinny boots and he yanked his monster out of my mouth and told me to get down there and lick his boots clean. I dropped my head and began licking all of my cum off the Mike's shiny boots and all the while Al was just plowing away at my ass.

Al pulled out of my cum slick hole with a loud pop and grabbed me by the waist and picked me up and pushed me into the back of the squad car. Mike got in the back and Al in the driver's seat of the car. Mike began to pull his clothes off and I stared in awe as his hot muscular body came onto view. His 10 inch pipe was sticking straight up in the and Mike said "get up here and ride my big cock". I climbed up into his lap in those tight confines and began to slowly impale myself on that magnificent pole. As I slid down that big fuck stick I looked out the rear window and I could see my flimsy red shorts and t-shirt blowing off to the side of the road. I thought what the fuck had I gotten myself into with these two brutes. My flip-flops were still on the pavement so I now found myself sitting on this hot officers big fuck pole with no cloths in which to dress when they were done using me.

Mike slick hard pole was hitting all sorts of hot spots inside me and I soon forgot all about my cloths as I just focused on sliding up and down on his fuck muscle. 

Al got out of the front seat and came around to the back door as Mike pulled me off his awesome cock so fast I thought I would pass out. Mike said "on all fours" and I obeyed and then found myself starring at Al's hooded piece of meat and I just opened my mouth as Al slid it in and I wrapped my lips around it and started sucking.

Mike positioned my ass and just rammed his 10 inches straight up my hole and I came again all over the squad cars rear seat.

Both of the officers started roaring at the top of their lungs and soon I had Al's cock down my throat filling me with him juice and Mike slammed into me and just filled my fucked out hole to over flowing.

They got out of the squad car and dressed and threw me a towel and said get the fuck out of here. I grabbed the towel and wrapped it around me and slowly walked back to my apartment in nothing but the towel and hoped that no one would see me.

What a night, I'll never forget it...