 That night around 7, as I was checking out online dating apps but, not finding much of interest in my area other than the typical one word- "hey" or "looking" conversations. It had been a while since I had been with a guy but, I was not desperate by any means. I was just about to give up when, it refreshed and a new one popped up. The tag line said "Trucker" with a picture of a guy in his mid-thirties with short dark brown hair and a longer beard, his eyes were covered by mirrored sunglasses. I flipped up his bio (yes I actually read them) and saw that he was an over the road trucker stopped at the local rest stop for the night and wanted someone to play with for awhile. It also said that he was a dominate top. 

A little bit about myself- I'm 25 years old, about 5'10" thinner at about 175 pounds and blond hair that hung to my shoulders. Being from a religious family and, a relatively small town where gossip spread. I'd only recently started exploring the fact that I enjoyed men as much as women and, though I'd given a few blow jobs I was still an anal virgin. The thought of giving it to some random trucker turned me on immediately. 

I quickly sent him a message asking if he was having any luck. Not yet he responded quickly. I offered to change his luck. We exchanged a few pics his cock pics making my mouth water. He invited me out ti his truck and I enthusiastically said yes but that I was an anal virgin. He ensured me that he'd be gentle until I got used to it. 

I parked my car and met him in the men's room as planned. He looked even better in person. We make small talk as we head to his truck. He opens his door and as I climb up he puts his hand firmly onto my ass "helping" me up.

He gets in behind me closing the door behind him. We sit on the bed and start kissing. His tongue parting my lips forcing its way into my mouth I start sucking on it thinking about how I can't wait to be sucking on something else. He seems to sense this and breaks away. He quickly undoes his jeans and pulls them down showing off his hard cock. It's about 7 inches long and thick. I reached down and started stroking him slowly while licking my lips. He puts his large hand on the back of my head and presses down gently. That's all the encouragement I needed, I eagerly moved my mouth to that hard cock. I was determined to give him the best blowjob I could. 

I started by licking the pre-cum that had already leaked out, it was great. I licked all around the head while still stroking the shaft with my hands. I then started licking down his hard shaft, when I encountered my hands I simply moved them up farther but, continued stroking. When I got to the base I looked as I continued lower, licking all over his heavy ball sack before sucking one into my mouth, I caressed that ball with my tongue and lips for a while before releasing it from my mouth and capturing the other with my lips and giving it the same treatment. 

I then started back up his hard shaft. 

Just as I was opening my mouth to put the head between my eager lips, "Stop and take off your clothes," he says in a stern voice. Instantly I stop and quickly strip off my clothes. He slides over as much as possible and has me kneel on the bed beside him. 

"Good," he says once I'm in position, "now continue." 

I lean down and start by packing just the head between my lips, sucking and running my tongue around it I bob up a little bit and when I go back down I take a little more into my mouth. I continue like this taking more and more into my mouth with each downward stroke until he hits the back of my throat with just an inch or so remaining. All the while he's telling me that I'm such a good cocksucker, and that he could tell how much I loved sucking cock. Spurred on by his compliments and wanting to please him, I hold his cock in my mouth and, after taking a couple breaths through my nose, force the rest of him into my throat until my nose is buried into his the hairs on his crotch. I hold it there as long as I can while tears form in my eyes and I begin to gag before pulling up until just the head is still in my mouth. Once I can breathe again, I go back down again, it's easier this time and I am able swallow him easier. 

As I was forced to come up for air the second time, I felt him reach down and, squirted a healthy amount of lube onto my ass which was sticking up in the air. He then proceeded to work a finger into my ass. "You weren't kidding when you said you were tight" he said. It was a little uncomfortable at first but, then it started feeling good as he pumped it in and out. I kept sucking his cock the whole time, bobbing up and down with the rhythm of his finger in me. After a bit, he dropped more lube as he withdrew and began working a second finger into me, stretching me as he went. 

"That's enough," he said grabbing my hair and pulling my mouth off of him, "time to fuck you." He positions himself behind me and I feel his cock pushing against me as he lines up. He starts pushing and at first there's resistance but then, he works the head in. Without hesitation he continues pushing the rest of his cock in until I could feel his thighs against mine. It hurt as he pushed in. He slowly began to withdraw until just the head was still within me, then he pushed back in to me. Slowly as he pumped in and out of me the pain started to subside and was replaced with pleasure each time his cock rubbed against my prostate. 

As my moans turned from pain to pleasure, he started to fuck faster and harder. I could feel the truck moving with each hard thrust. The whole time he was talking to me, telling me how tight I was, how much he was enjoying breaking in my boi-pussy, how I was such a good slut for him. He had me tell him how much I was enjoying his cock in him. When I did, he stopped deep in me and told me to show him, so without much thinking I started moving back and forth, fucking myself on his hard cock for a while until he took back over again. 

He fucked me like that for about 10 minutes then pulled out of me. I was a little disappointed and felt empty until he instructed me to turn over. When I was on my back he lifted my legs up and back and without wasting a minute, shoved his cock back into me. My own cock was hard as a rock and sticking straight up as he continued to fuck me. I kept wanting to touch and stroke it but, the first time i tried he pushed it away and growled not to so I didn't after that. 

He fucked me for what seemed like hours, with each hard thrust sending more and more pleasure throughout my body. All of a sudden, without even touching my cock it exploded. I had never cum like that before, cum spurted out of my cock with force. Bent as I was with him fucking me the first splat landed on my chin, then my chest and stomach. He never slowed his fucking though and to my further surprise, my cock never lost its hardness. Each thrust merely raising my pleasure more. Finally after what seemed forever, with one final hard thrust into me he came. The feel of his hard cock pulsing in me and the feel of his cum painting my insides made me cum again.

He finally pulled out of me and I collapsed onto the mattress, my body utterly spent and satiated. I fought it but, passed out from exhaustion. 

When I woke the first thing I noticed was that I was still naked and, though my ass was sore it didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. The second thing I noticed was that it was pitch dark as a curtain had been drawn across the opening between the sleeper berth and the driving area. The third thing I noticed and that cause me to panic was, we were moving...