 I walked into the truck stop diner and was surprised to lay my eyes on an old truckin' buddy, Hank. I hadn't seen him for a couple of years. We both haul loads Coast to Coast, but rarely cross paths.

"So, how you doin' good buddy?" he asked.

"Not bad. Though I sure am looking forward to a night on a real bed. I haven't been getting much shuteye. I'm a big guy and it gets pretty cramped back in that cab."

"Yeah, I remember how 'big' you are all right," Hank said with a lewd smirk, winking at me. 

I smiled, thinking back to that night some years back when Hank and I had doubled up on a sailor we picked up at the Navy yard in Long Beach, taking turns fucking the shit out of his tight, young ass.

"You're pretty 'big' yourself, if my memory serves me right," I said, recalling the sight of Hank's hard shaft busting that sailor's asshole wide open.

"So you still remember that time?" Hank said.

"How could I forget. It was a helluva scene."

"What would you say to a repeat of that scene? Only this time even wilder?"

"Sounds pretty interesting. Just what do you have in mind, Hank?"

"I know a kid in this town. Tom's his name. He's nineteen years old. A really cute young kid who just happens to love taking it up the butt any tim of day or night. And the bigger the better. Every time I pass through here I have him come over to the motel. And fuck the shit out of his tight your ass.

I felt a surge of excitement run through me as Hank told me this. It had been a while since I had a nice, young piece of ass.

"Man, I am telling you, Bill. This kid's got a real tight one and he loves getting it stuffed. He literally begs for it, and he can take it up there again and again and again. I've had some butt-fucking marathons with him you wouldn't believe."

"He's nineteen?" I asked, curious now.

"So, you're interested?" Hank said, smiling knowingly.

"Maybe. Tell me more."

"The kid's a real piece. Looks like one of those statues you see in a museum. Smooth and chiseled. A perfect bod. And he'll do whatever you want. He just loves having a stud put him though the paces."

Hank took a sip of his coffee and leaned toward me.

"Listen, Bill. He's coming over to my motel room in a couple of hours. Why don't you come by too. We'll have another really sizzling three-way scene like that time in Long Beach, what do you say? And he'll love having two guys there to bust his butt, rather than just one. I'm telling you, the kid's a freak. He's a slave to a big dick."

I thought about it for a moment, and smiled.

"I think I'll be coming by, Hank." I said.

"Good. We'll do him all night long. And into the morning. Believe me, he can take it too."

Excited now, I took a shower and headed over to Hank's room. It turns out we were staying in the same motel, adjacent to the truck stop. A little later, there was a knock at the door. It was Tom. He was everything Hank said he was. A real piece.

"Hank told me he had a 'big' surprise for me," the kid remarked, looking me over.

"And here he is," Hank said, waving towards me as though I were some prize stud bull. "So now why don't you get those clothes off. I know my buddy here is eager to lay his eyes on the butt he's gonna fuck tonight."

He stripped down to his jockey briefs. Like Hank said, the kid looked like a Roman statue. He had a smooth, perfect body. Then he turned around and slowly and seductively pulled his briefs down over his trim, tanned buns. He knew that, to us, his rear-quarters were the main attraction, and made sure to display them fir maximum effect. And when he turned around I saw he had a pretty good-sized cock on him too.

"Your turn," Tom said, as Hank and I tore off our clothes.

"Shit!" Tim gasped as I pulled off my briefs. "Hank wasn't kidding. You really are enormous. Jesus! I don't know if I'm gonna be able to take you. You look dangerous!"

Hank laughed. He was loving Tom's reaction.

"Oh, I think you will," Hank said. "I think you'll manage."

"I'll try. But you guys are going to have to make sure I'm well-greased. I want to enjoy those big dicks of yours."

"What'd I tell you, Bob?" Hank said, downing the last sip of his beer. "The kid's a regular slut. Right?"

"Oh Hank! Is that any way to talk about me? Just because I like taking a big dick up my butt. Does that make me a slut?"

"You're a slut!" Hank teased.

"Yeah!" Tom cooed provocatively. "And I'm proud of it too!"

"And you love showing it off. So why don't you bend over and spread 'em. Let Bill see what you've got hidden down there between those cheeks of yours."

He reached back to spread open his trim, muscular buns, revealing his crack, and the puckered asshole in its center.

"Nice, huh?" Hank said. "But that's the main course. We'll save it for a little later. First, Bill, I want you to check out what a horny little cocksucker the kid is."

"Uh huh! I'm dying to taste your pal's big dick," Tom said, sinking to his knees in front of me.

My cock was rock hard and fully erect at this point and Tom, his face just inches from it, couldn't stop staring. 

"The way Hank was talking about your dick, I thought he mighta been exaggerating. But he sure as shit wasn't!"

Then he looked over at hank with a teasing smile.

"Shit, Hank, after doing your buddy, I'm not sure I'm gonna be interested in you anymore," he teased.

I was really becoming aroused now, turned on by the way this kid was getting into my dick. And Hank was loving it too, his fist wrapped around his own hard shaft, as he watched his boy toy worship my cock.Tom now took hold of my cock and stroked it expertly as he licked my balls. Then he slid his tongue along the underside of my shaft, very slowly, until he finally got to the tip. Now he engulfed my knob with his mouth and really began to suck my dick, while never letting up on the skillful massaging of my shaft. 

I felt great. This scene was arousing the hell out of me. And Tim was giving me some of the best head I ever had.

"Kid sure knows how to suck a cock, huh?" Hank exclaimed.

"I'll say."

"Thanks guys. I sure appreciate the compliment. And here's something else I know how to do real, real good." 

He pulled me over to the edge of the couch, and then pushed back my thighs so he had my ass in reach. Then he spread open my buns, and dug his tongue into my crack, rimming me.

"And he loves chewing on an asshole almost as much as he likes a dick up his own," Hank said, beating his shaft as he watched the kid eat out my ass.

He gave me a fantastic rim job before returning to my cock. As he sucked me, Hank walked over to the dresser and picked up a big jar of vaseline.

"Time to grease up that ass of yours," Hank said.

Tom lifted up his butt as Hank got behind him. Hank opened the jar, dug in, and slapped a big dab of vaseline into the kid's crack. He really packed it in there, adding another dab and lubing him up thoroughly, reaming him with his fingers as he got him ready for my big, aching dick. Then, wiping off his fingers, he gave the kid's buns a playful spanking.

"Go on, Bill. This butt's for you. Give him all you've got!"

The blow-job he had been giving me made me really hot, and by now I was itching to slide it up his ass. So I pulled his hungry, greedy mouth away from my cock and got behind him.

Hank held the kid's buns wide open, as I peered into the well-lubed crack and gazed at his heavily greased sphincter.

"Bury that big dick of your's all the way up his ass," Hank urged, hot lust in his eyes. 

Man, I was aroused as hell now as I worked my knob into his crack and up against his slippery sphincter. Then slid it right in.

"Ahhhhhh!" he gasped, as my knob forced its way into his anal passage. "That feels so damned good! I want it all the way inside! Stuff it up my hot fuckin' ass!"

Nice and smoothly, I worked the full length of my dick up the kid's ass, forcing it in, inch by thick inch. He gasped and groaned, enjoying each hard thrust of my dick into his rectum. Hank was really turned on now, beating his meat like crazy as he watched me slide every single one of my thick inches up Tom's hot, horny butthole.

"That's the way, Bill. Fuck the shit out of him. This kid just loves getting reamed. Bury it up his young, funky ass! The more you give him the more he craves it."

"Uh huh! Slam it inside me, stud! God, I can't believe how fuckin' big you are. And how fuckin' thick!" 

I grabbed his buns and spread 'em so I could watch my dick bust his asshole wide open. I loved the sight of his butthole stretched to the limits, wrapped tightly around the thick girth of my shaft. I think Hank liked the sight too. He got up off the couch to come up for a close-up view. His dick was so hard I thought it was going to burst.

I reached over to take hold of that rigid dick of Hank's. He looked at me provocatively, lust in his eyes.

"You've got a really nice touch there," he said seductively, as I stroked his oversized cock while plunging my own savagely up the kid's tight hole.

"Hey Hank? Why don't you go get yourself a little head while I keep reaming this asshole," I told him.

"Good idea. But first I want a little bit of something else."

The next thing I knew, Hank was behind me, spreading my buns, as I kept pumping it up the kid's behind. Now I felt a hot, wet tongue lapping away at my asshole. Man, this was too much! Fucking the kid relentlessly while Hank's slick tongue dug into my ass.

When Hank had enough of a feast, he knelt in front of Tom and fed him his cock. Now I had something to watch while I kept slamming it inside him. I could watch this young Adonis give my buddy a blow job. And I got off on that for awhile. I like watching a big dick get sucked. Almost as much as I like seeing a hard shaft bust open an asshole. And that's what I felt like witnessing right now.

"Say, let me know when you're ready to take a little piece of this butt," I said.

"Right now wouldn't be a bad time." 

Hank moved away from the kid's hungry mouth and got behind him, alongside me. I slid the full length of my cock all the way in one more time, until my balls pressed against his crack. Then as Hank watched excitedly, holding Tim's buns open, I slowly pulled my shaft out of his ass. Hank even ran a finger along my greasy shaft as I pulled it out of the kid. 

"Your turn," I said, taking hold of Hank's shaft and bringing it up to the kid's crack, guiding it in. Tom's asshole, reamed and greased, was an easy bullseye for Hank, who now buried his dick all the way up the kid's butt in one swift plunge, and started slamming his big hard log up the same hot asshole my dick had been pumping only moments ago.

Now I decided to bring my cock up to Tom's face. His eyes glued in on the slick, meaty shaft which had just probed his ass so mercilessly. He licked his lips and I fed him my beefstick.

"Here, guy. Why don't you chew on this for awhile."

With Hank's cock plowing his ass, and mine filling his mouth, the kid was enjoying quite a cock-feast. Soon I wanted his butthole again. Making my way across the continent from town to town, I don't have too much trouble getting my oversized dick sucked, but it had been a while since I had fucked an ass like this. I was greedy for ass! So now I suggested Hank and I once again change places. 

Tim's slick asshole was very dilated from all the hard fucking, and it went in nice and smooth as I forced it inside him a second time. I showed no mercy now as I slammed it into him viciously, my balls slapping against his smooth boyish cheeks as I buried every last inch up his mancunt.

The kid was bucking like a maniac as I pumped his butt, and feverishly fisting his own dick. I thought I'd do him a favor. I reached around and pulled away his hand, replacing it with my own. Man, this kid was hung too. And hard!

I fucked his ass while I milked his dick with my hand, and he slurped away hungrily at Hank's cock. Hank was all charged up, getting his big dick sucked, while he watched me fuck the shit out of the young cocksucker. Soon I could feel the pressure building in my nuts, and shot my load up Tom's ass just as I brought him off with my hand. From Hank's moaning and groaning I knew he had probably filled the kid's mouth with a big load of cum too.

"It's been quite a while since I busted a young butt like this," I told Hank, as I pulled out my spent dick. "Thanks for sharing."

"Don't mention it. That's what friends are for."

We sent Tom down to the store for a couple of fresh six-packs. Then we stretched out and watched some football. But soon the kid got up and turned off the TV, then returned to the bed, getting between us, and wrapping his hands around our dicks.

"Ready for the next round? Tom asked seductively.

"Ready whenever you are," Hanks answered, looking over at me with a hot, wicked smile.

"Say, maybe one of you studs would like to give me some head now?" Tom asked coyly.

Hank responded by leaning over and taking the kid's smooth, hard dick in his mouth. Tom, meanwhile, bent over and again eagerly wrapped his lips around my thick knob, as Hank kept giving him some first-rate head.

"Hey," I finally said. "Maybe I feel like sucking some dick too?"

"Be my guest," they said in unison, laughing.

I had been lured to Hank's place by the promise of some fresh young ass to fuck. Now that I had gotten that out of my system, I was aroused by the thought of going down on these two hunks and having a taste of some nice, solid dick. I had been on the road for a week now, with only my fist for company, and for the last couple of days I had been thinking about chewing on a nice, hard one. 

There were two erect shafts here to be sucked and they both sure looked tasty to me. I got down between them and took both dicks in my hands and massaged them. Then I took turns sucking one while I kept massaging the other. 

"Your buddy sure knows how to give head," Tom said.

I really feasted on those two thick, meaty shafts until Tim finally pushed my face away.

"Okay! Okay! Now I want to suck some cock again," Tim squealed. "So come on, guys, kneel up here by my face. Both of you." 

We got up there and fed him both our cocks at once. He opened his hungry lips as wide as possible and took both knobs in his mouth together, sucking and licking our two dicks simultaneously. Hank and I looked at each other and smiled; we were both loving Tim's two-cock blow-job.

"Listen fellows," Tom said excitedly, pulling his lips away from our dicks. "I've got a really depraved idea. There's something I've been wanting to try for a long time. I don't know if I'll be able to do it, but I wanna at least try. You're gonna think it's crazy, but how'd you like to bury both your dicks up my butt? At the same time!"

Hank and I stared at each other.

"You're right," I said. "The kid's a real freak."

But Tom wasn't about to take no for an answer. He shoved Hank down on the bed and straddled him, reaching back and working Hank's dick inside his ass. I watched, absolutely spellbound, as Tom rode Hank's shaft like this, gripping it with his rectal sheath.

"Hand me that vaseline, Bill, and bring your dick over here," Tom said, as he began to coat my shaft with a thick layer.

"For this, stud, you've got to be well-lubed."

I got behind him now and spread his buns. There was Hank's big cock filling his ass. How was I gonna get mine in there?

"I don't know if this is going to work," I said.

"C'mon, if you want it badly enough, it'll work. And I want it! I want your dick in there, alongside Hank's. So go ahead, stud. Stuff it up my hot, hungry asshole!"

I brought my heavily lubed dick up his crack, right above where Hank's cock was piercing his ass. I pressed it in there, right up against Hank's shaft and then just pushed.

"Arrrrrrrgh!!!" Tom squealed. "Slow! Easy!"

I took my time, just probing his crack with my knob until 

he relaxed. Then I tried pushing it in again. This time I managed to slide my knob up alongside Hank's shaft.

"Goddamn!!!! You got it in there! Inside me. I can't believe it! Now just work 'em all the way in. Both of you. All the way in! I want to feel it!!!" 

This was fuckin' unbelievable. I pushed forward, slowly, until my shaft was well inside his ass, alongside Hank's. It felt so wild to have my cock squeezed and pressed this tightly against Hank's. 

The stimulation was just too much. The sensitive underside of my dick was sliding and pressing up against the underside of Hanks's, as both our shafts, together, were clenched by Tom's asshole and getting the most incredible sphincter massage! Shit, this scene was as wild as it got!

"How you doin' back there?" Hank groaned, breathing heavily.

"Just fine," I said, as Hank and I began to work it up into a nice rhythm. I pushed inwards as he pulled outwards. It felt amazing, and I knew the kid was just loving it. He was howling like a banshee as we drilled his ass with a thick double-dose of cock.

"Oh man! Ream my ass, studs! Both of you. Both of you! Together, at once! I fuckin' can't believe I'm doing this!"

We had shot our loads once already, so we were ready to go as long as the kid could take it. But he had something else in mind after being drilled like this for about twenty minutes.

"Pull out, guys! Pull out. I want to suck you both off."

Slowly, we pulled our shafts out of his ass, first me, then Hank. I couldn't believe how his asshole was dilated. You could've shoved a fist up there... easily.

"Come up here!" he said, crazed now with kinky, lustful desire. "Lemme me have those cocks."

We knelt on either side of his face and brought our dicks up to his mouth. The fact that they had just been all the way up his ass only made him that much more eager to suck them now. And suck them he did, bringing the two knobs together and once again wrapping his lips around the double dose of cock.

Hank and I smiled at each other and high-fived. Then, at once, we blasted our loads into the kid's mouth. I could feel Hank's dick throbbing against mine, as we shot off together, our knobs now swimming in a thick pool of cum, as Tom fisted his cock and jerked himself off.

"What do you say, good buddy?" Hank asked, smiling lewdly.

"I say next time I'll bring the vaseline!"