 The trucker only makes a brief appearance at the end of the story. Somehow I felt an introduction was needed and the story with the trucker which I started would have made the whole thing too long. If there is interest, then please let me know and vote for the story so I am encouraged to write more, which I will gladly do. Obviously when reading this, please bear in mind it is a fantasy world and so has the advantage of having no risk of AIDS. Also I know that entrance requirements to the USA are not as simple as portrayed in my story, but then it is... just a story. 

1: How It Began

That fateful evening on the internet when he suddenly messaged me out of the blue. I had no way to resist at all. The trucker, so powerful, aggressive and abusive in the chat room, really turning me on and getting me creaming quickly in my pants. He immediately made me feel horny and although I really had no idea what he looked like I just fell under his spell. He told me he was a trucker and married and in his mid-forties. He said he was at a truckers' stop and needed a boi bitch. He and I chatted about what he would do to me and how he would fuck me in the space he lay down behind your cab and also rent me out to others, then after all I had to earn my keep...

But this is jumping ahead of myself - I have to start at the beginning, when I was forced to be a bitch and then whore and got a taste for being submissive and needing to serve a real man.

Maybe I should say something about myself. Andrew, medium height and build with blond hair and blue eyes. I am smooth unless you count the three or four single blond hairs growing on various parts of my chest! I guess I should have been like so many of the other guys in my class at school with girl friends and going out with them, bedding them, but incident when I was a little younger had altered my life and set me on the submissive gay road. It was when a class mate Peter had asked me to come round and help him out with some French he did not understand. I was one of the best in the class and found it relatively easy. Peter had been away with his parents somewhere out in the Far East when he was very young and so had some problems in school. He had a 20 year old brother Mark. I didn't care much for either of them but thought it churlish to refuse, especially as he lived in a house on my way home. I turned up and rang the bell. 

Peter's brother Mark answered. 

"Yeah?"

he grunted in an unfriendly way.

"Peter wanted some help with some French."

I replied, feeling a bit nervous. Mark made me feel uneasy. He was tall and rough looking, tousled hair and often did not shave for a few days, which I heard from Peter, drove some of the girls wild. He stood back and as I entered, he stuck out his foot which I fell over and went sprawling on the floor. He burst out laughing as I picked myself up and Peter came down the stairs. 

"A little accident,"

Mark sniggered. 

Peter laughed, brushing past us and going ahead, calling over his shoulder to follow him. 

Angry, but not daring to comment I went through, sat beside Peter and went through the work with him. Mark had disappeared and I felt happier for that. Finally after about half an hour I had finished and was looking forward to going home. Peter thanked me and remained at the table when I got up. 

"I'll see myself out! See you in school tomorrow."

He nodded in reply and seemed engrossed in his books. I picked up my bag and made for the front door. Mark was blocking my way. I waited a second for him to stand aside but he didn't. 

"I've just finished helping your brother and am off home."

I smiled nervously.

"You might have finished helping Pete, but you're gonna have to help me before you leave."

I must have frowned or looked nervous because he grabbed me by my coat lapels and hauled me towards him so my body slammed against him. He was taller than I and stronger. 

"Upstairs!" he commanded and thrust me up the stairs and through a door pushing me so I fell onto an unmade bed. 

"Heh!" I cried out in surprise and shock. 

"Shut the fuck up!" he snarled and it was then that I noticed another youth in a leather jacket standing near the window. 

"Meet Mike" Mark said.

I slowly sat up on the bed slightly stunned, feeling afraid as they were both taller and stronger. Mike also had a pair of light blue denim jeans, but they were somewhat worn and faded with white marks down the thighs, whether stains or part of the fabric I couldn't make out as Mark suddenly gave me a backhander across my face making me yelp and my cheek burn. He and Mike manhandled me and forced me to my knees before them. 

"I think the cunt needs to be taught to respect his betters!" Mike laughed.

I swallowed nervously and opened my mouth to cry out for help but Mike slapped my face this time and told me to shut it. I glanced quickly around me but they were blocking my exit.

"Pete's not going to help," Mike laughed

"He's in on this, too" Mark snickered. 

"He gets the help for school and we get to dump our loads. It all works out for all of us."

With this Mark unzipped his fly and reached in taking out his semi erect cock. I looked up at him in horror and could hardly believe it when he held it under my nose, making me breathe in his manly aroma. 

"Open wide, cunt!" 

Mark snarled. I recoiled but Mike got behind me bending down and grabbing my arms twisting one behind my back. I cried out in surprise and my yell was immediately muffled as my mouth was slammed full of cock.

"Bite me and you will regret it for the rest of your life," 

Mark grunted as he grabbed my head and heaved his hips at my face, driving his cock down my throat and making me gag and gurgle on his manhood. 

"The cunt needs some fuckin' training!" 

Mike laughed as he let go my arm and bent his lips to my ear, whispering loudly that I should be a good bitch and then I would be rewarded. Mark tipped my head back so I had to look up at him through tear-filled eyes. He groaned, my throat distended by his big cock, trying to eject the invader and only succeeding to milk it, making Mark feel even better!

"Fuck..." Mark gasped as he face fucked me, his heavy balls slapping wetly against my chin, saliva dribbling down and over them.

I dimly heard the rasping sound of another fly being pulled down and I felt my own trousers pulled down roughly and my legs pushed aside by Mike's knee. I tried to protest, but only managed a strangled gurgle. Mark bent down and murmured,

"Didn't Mummy ever tell you not to speak with your mouth full?"

"Yeah!"

Mike laughed, spitting at my defenceless backside, hitting the top of the crack. I felt the gob of spittle slowly dribble down. 

"'Specially when it is full of prime meat!"

Mike continued and the two young men laughed. I felt Mike's finger roughly rubbing my man hole and entering me, making me jump and projecting myself forward so my face was pushed into Mark's crotch, his pubes scratching my face and making him gasp in delight. I felt his finger working my ass as I gurgled and spluttered and then screamed as he slid his hard dick up into me.

"Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Mike sniggered in my ear as he bent over me a little, the hairs on his stomach tickling my lower back.

I felt his hands on my hips as he hauled me back, impaling myself on him, making it feel like a red hot rod being stuck up my hole. The urge to shit it out was overwhelming and I started writhing in discomfort and pain, sobbing in agony. 

"That's it bitch! Nothing like a spit roast!"

Mike grunted as he started thrusting away, slapping my ass and giving a whoop of triumph.

The air was just filled with the creaking of the bed and muffled cries and wet sweaty bodies slapping together. I was pinned between them, my body shunting to and fro as they took their pleasure. Whether out of kindness or just for his pleasure, Mark allowed me the chance to regain my breath from time to time by pulling back and telling me to worship his dick. I took the chance eagerly and rolled my tongue over the head, trying to take as much time to be able to breathe. I swirled my tongue around the head under the rim and along the slit, tasting his pre cum which was leaking badly, making him gasp and groan, grunting that he would make a fine cocksucker out of me, calling me his bitch and whore. 

Suddenly after what seemed an eternity there was a knock at the door and almost immediately it opened. I couldn't turn my head, but looked as far as I could in the direction of my escape route. It was Peter! My heart rose in hope. Thank goodness. He didn't know I was still here. But my hopes were only to be cruelly dashed as he just crossed over to the small table in the corner. 

"Need a smoke!" 

he muttered and picked up a packet of cigarettes before leaving, with a glance in my direction and an evil wink. Mark suddenly pulled me hard into his groin and I felt his cock swell. I gurgled and spluttered again, gagging on him. He pulled back and grasping his cock with his hand started jerking it hard it over my tongue. I heard myself gurgle as the first load spattered against the back of my mouth and Mike laughed, moaning, too. Load after heavy load squirted across my tongue and he callously pulled back so he could send a couple of ropes over my face before sitting back slowly regaining his breath, his big cock hanging slowly deflating, dribbling sperm onto the sheets. I heard another strangled grunt from Mike as he hauled me back and held me hard against him, his cock swelling in me as he suddenly cried out in ecstasy, his cock shuddering in me, unloading the contents of his heavy young balls, blasting his seed deep into me. 

I must have collapsed onto the bed because the next thing I knew was the two young men holding their cocks in front of my face telling me to clean up the mess I had caused. My jaw and my ass ached, but I obediently lapped at the semi limp cocks thrust into my face, licking, swabbing and sucking them clean. 

Eventually the two youths had enough and stood up, zipping up and looking down at me. 

"Fuckin' clean the slime off my fuckin' bed!" 

Mark shouted angrily and I lapped at the pools and drops of sperm on the sheets, sucking on them rubbing my tongue over them. Something in me was stirring. I tried to fight it, but somehow I had been turned on by all this. I had been raped! I had been verbally abused and yet ... 

I suddenly heard Mike laugh cruelly,

"Heh look! The pig's been enjoying it all along!"

I knew my cock was erect and I was so ashamed!

"Now here's the deal!" Mark said as I struggled to me feet and he reached over grabbing my cock. I gasped. His hand closed over me and started jacking. I gave a strangled sob as it felt good. This strong stud holding me, jacking me after having fed me his load. Not asking, not caring, just egoistically using me for his pleasure and now holding my manhood! Masturbating me in front of his friend. I felt so shamed and yet so aroused. Moans and sobs filled the air and they were mine! I felt my body shudder and suddenly the wonderful wave breaking as my cock spasmed and started spurting, giving me release, making me almost cry like a baby. Of course, Mark carefully aimed my ejaculation so it squirted down over my school trousers and shoes, but I couldn't care at that moment, just basking in the release given to my body!

I felt weak but strangely satisfied.

"The deal," Mark repeated. "You are to come round here when I tell you. Peter will let you know or I will get him to call you so it looks like a nice meeting of friends."

He grinned at Mike,

"Which it will be, of course. Now sometimes Mike here needs attending to and sometimes I will use you. Maybe there will be a friend or two who will need to dump his load. But you will come over. Understand? I think you will be a nice little money earner. Of course, if you don't..."

Mark paused and I could feel his hand tightening on my cock slowly increasing the pressure. I nodded quickly.

"Yes!" I blurted out and relaxed as the pressure diminished. Mark held up his hand, with some of my cum on it. I needed no command now and licked it clean, making Mark sneer in triumph and Mike laugh.

"Good bitch! Learning well!" 

I left, sore and aching, not allowed to wipe the cum off my clothes, at least not until I was well away from the house..

Well, that's how I slid into being a bitch for my classmate's brother and came to enjoy it. About two or three times a week and sometimes even at weekends I went round to their house, especially when the parents were away. It was when Mark suddenly started bringing men of different ages round for me to service that I slowly realised what was going on. He threatened to beat me up if I didn't attend to the needs of his "friends" as he put it, but by that time a certain addiction had kicked in as I enjoyed being treated like a slut. Mark organised parties when his parents were not there and I served drinks and was just taken upstairs and used or even on the floor or couch, wherever Mark and his friends wanted. Peter also enjoyed joining in and I was so ashamed the next day in school, but still strangely enjoying it all. I couldn't really come to terms with my feelings. I was really upset when about half a year later Mark moved away. I then realised I needed a real tough man like Mark and so that is how I started chatting on the internet to compensate for this sudden vacuum in my life and to find release by acting the whore and bitch in chats, mostly with older men.

Now, having just turned 18 and just left school, I decided, much against my parents' will to take a year out and see something of the world. What better and cheaper way than to accept invitation from the horny abusive trucker from the chat room. I had been chatting to him on and off for a couple of months or so and the idea travelling with him across the US was so appealing. I had heard of horror stories about meeting strangers and I was extremely nervous as I had never done this sort of thing before.

I plucked up my courage, told family and friends I was going to travel around the States, hopefully finding some odd jobs to help pay my way and armed with a little money, passport and bag booked the cheapest flight I could find and set off!

When I eventually got through customs and passport control I made my way to the taxi stand and was taken to the place where I was told to wait. My stomach was tight and I was almost shaking. What the hell was I doing here? Was I really going to meet this unknown men or was this just a big scam and I would find myself alone and end up wandering around the sights and then fly back in three weeks somewhat poorer for having stayed the whole time in hotels and motels and not in his bed in the cabin behind the driving cab. 

I looked again at my instructions received in his last message to me. 

"Take a cab and go and stand ***,"

and then the name of some truckers' café place on the road out of town. I was to be there at 6 pm. I arrived at 5 pm and waited not daring to enter the stop at all, standing with my small bag carrying an umbrella to make sure I would stand out. 

I looked around at the unfamiliar trucks, massive beasts of the road and wondered which, if any, was his!. One started its engine and I looked across watching as it slowly jumped forward as its driver slammed it into gear and then drove past me. And so it was as I watched the third truck drive down the road and it was almost 6.15. My mind racing as I told myself I had been a complete and utter fool and that nobody was going to show up to take me along on the highway with them, to be a personal slave. What the hell had I been thinking about? I wouldn't know him even if I met him in the street! After all he had told me he was married so what interest did he have in an unknown guy from the UK.

Feeling depressed, I jumped as a big truck pulled alongside and the passenger door opened as if by magic. I grabbed my bag and trotted down to stand looking up. I almost dropped my bag in sheer shock. Not at all in a negative way, but to see this powerful and athletic looking man at the wheel, a bushy beard and his shirt open at the chest to show a mass of curly salt and pepper hair. I stood in awe. My mouth must have dropped open as he suddenly shouted out angrily, 

"Close your fucking mouth you look like a gold fish! And get the fuck in here!" 



Thanks for reading. Constructive comments are always welcome and any background information and help on creating realistic scenes in truckers' stops will be gratefully received, especially from horny truckers. I would love to get the atmosphere of a truckers' stop so please get in touch and let me know. Of course would also continue with the other strand of me being a whore to Mark for a time. Just let me know.