 In the morning Logan was up before me as always. I had moored us out to sea and had fallen asleep on the deck chair. When the sun came up, I just covered my face with a sheet and fell back asleep. I awoke to someone nudging my foot.

"Hey." Logan stood above me, a cup of coffee in his hand. I sat up, the sheet falling away from my face, and took him in.

"You got dressed and got all the way up here by yourself?"

"Well. Not dressed." He gestured to the same shorts he'd fallen asleep in.

"Here, I brought you a cup." He took the other deck chair and sat next to me. "Was it my imagination or were we moving last night?"

"I took us out to sea a bit. I love the night sea."

"You should have woken me."

I glanced at him, surprised. He shrugged.

"Well, you did drag me out of there. It's about time I started living again. Did you know I dabbled in astronomy?"

I shook my head. "Maybe you could show me some stars."

"Maybe I could. In fact, I think I'd like that. Now come on. I'm starving, are you?"

I laughed. "I'm the one who has to make breakfast."

"On that note, I could start cooking, I think."

"Problem with my food?"

"Yeah, it stinks on ice. No, I just figure you do all the work around here." He put his hand on my shoulder to steady himself as he stood. Was it my imagination or did it linger there? No, it wasn't my imagination – instead of lifting it directly, he let it run across the back of my neck and over my other shoulder before he went downstairs. "Hurry up!"

My cock had already begun to respond and I took a couple of deep breaths. The shorts I wore didn't leave much to the imagination, either. 

I joined him downstairs and made breakfast for the both of us. This was the most active he'd been in days, and it was nice to have my friend back.

"What would you like to do today?"

"I'd love to go swimming, if that's a possibility."

"We can do that. Your wounds are healed...I just don't want you swimming too far from the boat."

"Yes, mother." He grinned, and those lines around his eyes crinkled charmingly. 

We changed into swim trunks and I slid into the water first and helped him in. I had the inner tube in the water, tied to the boat, and he sat in it, relaxing, while I paddled around him. 

"This is the life." 

"I agree."

The water so was blue you could see all the way down to the bottom. I dove down, but it was much further than it looked, and I came back up before I touched. 

When I came up he was watching me speculatively.

"Jared, we need to talk."

I swam over to him and rested my arms on the outside of his inner tube. "Sure. What's up?"

"It's about this lifestyle."

"Don't tell me. You want to go somewhere else. You're done with me. You want to start your own life." I said it with a grin but inside my heart suddenly twisted.

"No! It's not that at all. I'd like to stay here, but that's part of the problem. Well, I guess I'll just come out with it – it's about the money."

I leaned my head back. I knew this was going to come up eventually. 

"You know I have enough money." And I did. I didn't like to talk about it, but I had enough money if we wanted to live out here forever.

"Really?" He looked at me curiously. "How much money do you have anyway?"

I shook my head ruefully. "I'm not going to tell you that. But suffice it to say, once you buy a yacht, the initial investment is already over. We're not actually spending that much – food and fuel are our main expenses, and Mom and Dad have an account set aside just for that. And besides, you know, we got some money from taking down Omni. Remember?"

"Yes, that's true. Those people that had a vested interest."

"That's right. That money is still keeping us in the black. That money is our money – we earned it together. Beyond that, I don't know, I think we both deserve a vacation."

"Well, I'm not complaining. This is the best time I've had in a long time. And I'm glad to hear about the money. But I can't live off you forever."

I thrilled at the words "the best time" but glanced at his chest, at the wrapped wounds. "What did you think you were going to do?"

"I don't know. But I could find a job."

"Sure, we could pimp you out." I laughed. "We're bound to get a couple of bucks a day for that. Or no, we'd probably lose money because we'd have to pay people to take you."

"Funny. Really, Jared..."

"Stop. Listen. I know how you feel. Get better, first, will you? Then you can get a job, if you like, or we could ferry goods, or do something. We have a yacht. We have resources. We'll find something."

"Thanks. That makes me feel better." He put his hand up on my wet arm, high up, and our eyes met. I shivered.

"Cold?" he murmured, and rubbed his hand against my arm. Under the water, in my shorts, my cock stiffened again. How I wanted to kiss him, but I could imagine no faster way to make him leave my side.

"Maybe a little. Maybe I should go start dinner."

"Hey, that's one thing I can do. Let me get better and I can cook. Better than you, I think."

"Fair enough."

I swam to the water's edge and climbed out. Inside the kitchen, out of his sight, I leaned back against the counter. I touched my cock, which was stiff and fully erect now. If I stepped out on the deck I could just see the top of Logan's head, his blond hair glinting in the afternoon sunlight, bobbing in the waves. I closed my eyes.

Later, after dinner, he offered to wash the dishes. There weren't a lot, so I let him, and sat on the couch, watching TV. After he finished he came over to my side and threw himself onto the couch. To my surprise and secret pleasure, even though the couch was very large, he sat right next to me.

"What are you watching?"

"Animal Planet," I confessed. "Sea turtles."

"Nothing wrong with that. Beer?" He'd brought a cooler full and set it on the table between us. Taking one, he offered me another. I took it, and drank deeply. Killian's. 

We watched together, in comfortable silence, drinking. After some time he shifted position, and leaned his head against my arm. "Do you mind?"

I didn't mind at all, to be honest, though I was very aware I had not put a shirt on, and I could feel his hair lightly tickling me, and the warmth of his face against me. Sometimes I could feel his eyelashes when he blinked. My heart beat faster. I wondered if he could feel it.

Strangely, it didn't seem to be odd to him at all. On the contrary, he moved closer until he was right up against me, his legs stretched out the other way. 

"Make yourself comfortable."

"Don't mind if I do." And so saying, he turned his back to me entirely and lay against me fully. I awkwardly lifted my arm and lay it on the back of the couch. I glanced down out of the corner of my eyes. He was now lying directly against my chest, and his eyes were closed. I could feel his breath on me. It was almost...cozy. Soon I could feel him drifting off.

I laughed silently at myself. It was almost cruel. Here I was, fully erect yet again, my heart going a mile a minute, and here Logan was, almost sleeping in my arms, as if men did this all the time. 

My cock throbbed. 

He had to know I was attracted to him. Otherwise, why would he do this? But I was still too afraid to act on it.

But this opportunity was too good to miss.

Very, very carefully, I reached down and freed my cock. I watched him, but he seemed to be sound asleep. I gripped my penis and began to move my hand up and down on it. I didn't dare to go too fast. I just imagined him turning around and putting his mouth on it, pleasuring me, stroking me, just the way I was doing now.

I opened my eyes to look down at him again. He was well and truly asleep now, and his mouth had slightly opened. I imagined fucking that mouth gently, teaching him how to take a cock in it. 

Despite doing it with my left hand, I felt myself building to a climax. I managed to reach the tissue box just in time, and came, with only the tiniest of groans. I was short of breath and concentrated on calming down. Logan shifted, and I froze, but he didn't awake. 

I cleaned myself up and stuffed the dirty tissues into my pocket. I felt guilty, but I also felt satisfied and relieved. It was better than nothing. I supposed I should have woken him and cleaned myself properly. 

Instead, I just watched TV.

It was around midnight I shifted. "Logan?"

"Hmm? Did I fall asleep?"

"You most certainly did."

"Sorry about that." He sat up and stretched, and I took the opportunity to admire his lithe, muscular back. I watched corded muscles flex and stretch, and thought about running my tongue down the length of his spine. 

I shivered. "I gotta get some sleep. I'll see you in the morning. Can you get to bed by yourself?"

He nodded. "I'm all set. I'll call you if I need anything, all right?"

"Sure."

It was a rough night. I took a shower to clean myself off, and as I did, I couldn't help but wonder if maybe a tiny bit of semen had gotten onto Logan, despite my care. That thought made me hard again, and I couldn't help but take care of myself in the shower. In bed, I lay awake for a long time, thinking of the way his eyelashes lay against his cheeks. 

I went up to find coffee already made, as always. I poured myself a cup and stood in the kitchen, listening. The entire ship was quiet. I felt a hand on my back and jumped.

"Sorry! I thought you would have heard me coming."

I turned to face him. The bandages had been removed, and he stood there just in his shorts again, looking splendidly rumpled from bed.

He looked up at me and smiled. "I forget how damn tall you are sometimes."

I was tall compared to him. I was six foot four inches, and he was just barely at six-one in his bare feet. 

Our eyes met and the silence lengthened. I wanted to say something but didn't know what to say. I wanted him just standing there. Knowing if I stood much longer he would be able to see the evidence of my desire, I turned my back to him and began preparing breakfast. Maybe I would have to start wearing some t-shirts long enough to cover my crotch. 

"Jared..."

"Yes?"

"Turn around and look at me."

There was some quality in his voice that made me do so, hesitantly. I put my back against the fridge.

"Yes?"

I saw his lips tighten and his whole body tense. He put his cup down with exaggerated care. Then, "Fine, if you're not going to make a move, then I will." And suddenly he was in my arms, and his mouth was reaching for mine. I bent my head automatically and our lips met and I felt a shock go through me.

It was electric; that kiss. I never wanted it to end. Our bodies pressed together, and I could feel his hot skin on mine. I wanted to let my hands roam but I was so afraid to drive him away. If he wanted this encounter, even if it was just a one-off, I wanted it to be exactly how he wanted it. 

He didn't hesitate, though. His hands were gripping my shoulders and as I wound my arms around him, he moved even closer to me.

Finally we broke apart, and I inhaled sharply. I looked at him, questioningly, and to my surprise he turned his head and laid it on my chest.

"I'm not blind, you tosser," he murmured, softly. "I see how you look at me."

"But..." so many questions warred with me to be asked. What came out was, "I never knew you liked...could like me."

He leaned back to look into my eyes, amused. "I admit, I hadn't thought of it."

"What made you change your mind? You're not..." I didn't know how to say what I needed to say, so I just came out with it. "You don't owe me anything, you know."

"Is that what you think? That I just kissed you because I owe you?"

I didn't really think that, but I was utterly confused. "You had a wife." 

"Yes, and I loved her dearly. Your point?"

"She was a girl. I mean, a woman."

"Ah, and not a man."

"Exactly. I didn't know you were attracted to men."

He smirked. "Guys, no. You...well, does this look like I'm not attracted to you?" As he said this, he grabbed my hand and put it on his cock. I closed my eyes. He was hard as a rock, bulging through the thin cotton shorts. 

"Didn't you want to kiss me?"

"So much I can't even tell you."

Now his eyes were amused. The room seemed to dim around us as he said his next words. "Maybe we could give it another shot."

"Oh god, yes." And I pulled him to me and kissed him again, this time far more aware of what I was doing. 

His mouth was warm, and soft. I'd seen those thin lips pursued so many times, I'd somehow never imagined they'd be so soft and tender as they were being right now, kissing me. Both of us were clean-shaven and his smooth skin pressed against mine. The world dimmed to a single point of time, and in that moment, Logan was kissing me, on the mouth, and there was nothing else left. I could smell him, I felt his hair under my hands, his taut back, his muscles, and I heard him breathing. The clock chimed and I remembered to breathe again. My hand was still on his cock, and I squeezed gently. 

When our lips parted, I inhaled deeply. "Logan?"

"Yes?" he whispered.

"Are you all right with this?"

He nodded. And then he shook his head, and smiled sheepishly. 

"Logan?" My eyes narrowed. "Tell me you've kissed a man before, Logan."

He shook his head slowly.

My eyebrows shot up. "Never?" 

"Never. I got married when I was twenty-three. I met her in college. When did I get a chance to experiment?"

"I suppose you've got a point there. Good god, man. You should have said something."

"What would I say?"

I considered. "You could tell me if you liked it or not."

In answer, he closed his eyes and ran my tongue softly across my lips. It seemed I could still taste his sweet mouth, but it was fading. I opened my eyes again. 

"You sure you want to do this?" 

He nodded. "I have to confess, though, I'm not entirely sure what to do."

I laughed. "You kissed me."

"Only because you wouldn't."

"I guess we'll have to rectify that now." I kissed him again, and again, taking my fill of his mouth. I guided him back to the counter and helped him sit on it, and began kissing and nibbling my way down his neck, his chest, touching his shoulders, his arms, his nipples. I bit one, gently, and heard him moan.

"Jared..." His hands automatically came to my hair and I felt his fingers curl in it. I wanted him so badly it hurt my heart.

I pulled at his shorts. "Help me, Logan," and he did so, shifting enough for me to pull them down. His cock sprang into view, nestled on a bed of silky blond hair, fully erect. He was cut, and I saw he was leaking a little bit.

I looked up at him, and as I did, I wrapped my hand around his cock. "Last chance, Logan. Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Oh god, Jared. Please."

I smiled. I never thought I'd be the one with the power in this relationship. But I wanted him in my mouth too much to play games, and I bent to him and kissed the tip of his cock. I felt him jump and groan. 

I let him feel my hot breath, and then I opened my mouth and took him in me, slowly sliding down the length of him. I had imagined the taste of his cock so many times, but it was nothing compared to the reality of it, sucking him off, in our own kitchen, the noise of the waves and the seagulls and Logan's erotic groans, and his hands in my hair. His male scent filled my nostrils, combined with the sea air, and his silken hair rubbed against my face, making me want to swallow him whole. 

It didn't take long.

He tried to warn me, but I didn't care. I let him come in my mouth, powerfully, with his back arching, and his hands pulling on my hair. His taste was bitter and salty and divine.

I lifted my face to look at him again. I wanted to kiss him, but wasn't sure how he would feel about that. Thankfully he solved the problem for me, by kissing me first.

His face was sweaty and his hair, disheveled. He kissed me again, and then kissed my forehead.

"Well, I guess that answers the question of whether you liked it or not," I mused. "But I can't believe you've never kissed a man before, and decided to start with me."

"Jared," he replied. "I've never even liked a man before."

"Does that mean you like me now?" He nodded, and I grinned. 

"Well. What a surprise."

He glanced down at me, and I realized he was almost shy. Very tentatively, he put his hand over my cock. "I don't know...I might do it wrong."

I inhaled sharply. "I could show you."

"This is an awkward place." He looked at me, then, but didn't say anything more.

"We could...go to my room. It's a lot bigger."

"I'd like that."

I helped him down off the counter, and he pulled his shorts up again. I admired him as he did so, that flat belly, the muscles in his arms and legs, and the light dusting of hair on his chest, leading down to the top of his shorts. I'd finally seen what was in them. He caught me looking and smiled at me.

"The way you look at me...it's been a long time since anyone looked at me like that," he said, as he took me by the hand.

"I hope it's OK."

"It's very OK."

He led me by the hand to my room. Inside, he shut the door and sat on the bed, facing me. "You'll have to show me what to do."

I looked at him, taking him in again. "I'm looking forward to it. But it's not as though it's difficult. What do you like? Just do that."

I walked over to him, stripping my shorts off on the way. Seeing me do that, he removed his too, and we faced each other, totally naked, both of us a little shy. 

"Tell me if I am moving too fast." And so I bent over and kissed him, pushing him gently back on the bed. He let me, and I ended up in his arms, on top of him. His legs were spread and I let my cock rub against his, which was already beginning to stiffen again. Our mouths met and I finally got to touch him the way I wanted, running my hands up and down his arms, tasting his skin, biting him until he moaned underneath me. 

"Jared..." he whimpered, and I took his hand and guided my cock into it. "Like this..." and I began to pump into his hand, showing him how to hold me, and I continued kissing him. I was torn. I wanted to feel his mouth on my cock, but I was enjoying myself too much and stayed as is. 

The friction on my cock and his naked body underneath me was incredibly intense, and as I fucked his hand he pulled away from my mouth and looked into my eyes. His eyes blazed a brilliant blue as he whispered to me, "Isn't this what you've wanted forever, Jared? To pin me down on the bed and take me? Do you want me to put your cock into my mouth? Have you been dreaming about it?"

He tousled my hair almost lovingly but the pressure on my cock never let up. "Do you think I don't know what you did last night? While I was lying with you? I loved it. It turned me on."

"You did?"

"Yes, I'm a very light sleeper. Oh, don't stop," he said, for I had slowed. "It's what convinced me to kiss you this morning."

He bit my mouth and I moaned, and then he put his mouth to my ear and said something that made me lose control. "Do you think about fucking me in the arse?"

That was it. I spilled out over his hand, crying out in desire and arousal. He never let up, and I covered his hand, belly, and chest with my come.

I sank down, panting breathlessly. He kissed my forehead tenderly and waited for me to catch my breath. When I looked him in the eye he smirked and raised his hand to his mouth.

"I've never done this," he murmured, as he licked my come off his hand. "Next time I take it directly from the source."

"Oh, god," I muttered and when he pushed me onto my back, I let him do so. 

That night was one of the best of my life so far. So many of my wishes came true. I taught him how to suck cock, and he was charmingly inexperienced at it, but I didn't care. I just liked looking down at him while he knelt before me, proud Logan, naked at my feet. I adored every inch of his body, and the only thing I didn't do was tell him how much I was falling in love with him, had fallen in love with him.
