 Author's note: this is basically identical to the other story I wrote, Truth or Dare, except this is told from Andy's perspective. 

----

Andy had the biggest boner of his life. He was sitting in the living room with his friends Matt, Kate, and Stacey, and he was watching Kate give Stacey oral sex. 

They'd all come round to Andy's place for a drinking session, and after an hour or so and several levels of inebriation, the night had turned into a game of truth or dare. It had started out light enough, with normal boring questions and silly dares, but had eventually turned more adult as the game went on and the drinks went down. 

Everyone was now completely naked, everyone had kissed everyone, even Matt and Andy, which they'd both been very reluctant to do, but had relented due to the fact the girls had and they were both very drunk. Matt was also fitted with a buttplug. 

A few turns later, Andy had dared Kate to eat out Stacey. Now it was Kate's turned to try and work her way out. Stacey had kept silent the whole time; maybe she wanted it? But nobody could tell. But Andy kept at it, and Kate pouted and said she'd do it, and here they were, with Stacey flat on her back on the floor, Kate between her legs, lapping at her clit like a professional. 

She hadn't wanted to do it originally, but she must've been enjoying it, because she was eating her out quite passionately, Andy noticed, running her hands over Stacey's naked body, with her lips wrapped around Stacey's entire cunt. Andy couldn't see what she was doing with her tongue, but it must've been good, because Stacey was caught in a never ending moan, and her legs and body kept throwing out little spasms, her stomach tightening as her clit was relentlessly pleasured. 

After about only five minutes, the moans turned rapid, and her legs straightened out as the muscles in them tightened up, and Stacey's entire body convulsed as she came. Kate fulfilled her dare well, licking her all the way through the orgasm, until she was well and truly done. 

Sitting up and wiping Stacey's juices off her face, she smiled and grabbed her drink. "That wasn't so bad I guess."

"Yeah, we can tell. Stacey certainly loved it". Stacey was unable to respond, just offering a dreamy smile and nodding slowly. 

"Alright Andy, your turn. Truth or dare?" Kate asked. 

Andy thought for a bit. He knew if he picked dare she'd instantly make him suck Matt's dick, and that was something he was hoping to avoid. "Truth. Haven't picked that for a while."

"Alright then. Hmm. What was the last thing you jerked off to?"

"A porno of some chick using a dildo to get herself off. Pretty plain, but she was really hot". It was true. He normally went with lesbians and fucking machines, but he'd seen the screen grab preview and the girl was an absolute 10.

"You boring shit!" she said, laughing. 

"Haha yeah I know, oh well. Your turn Stace. What're you up for?"

Still recovering, Stacey sounded out of breath when she replied. "Truth. I'm too out of it to do a dare at the moment", making everyone laugh. 

Andy thought of something that he felt he already knew the answer to, so he said "Ok then. When I dared Kate to eat you out, you went silent. You wanted her to do it, didn't you?" This prompted Matt and Kate to round on Stacey, silently demanding her answer. They got one in the form of a very red face. 

"Um...kinda?" she replied, embarrassed, before bumbling out more words. "Not that way, I don't mean I wanted Kate to eat me out, but getting head is getting head, y'know? It's gonna feel awesome whoever does it"

"Hmm, yeah I guess."

Stacey asked Matt what he chose, and he followed suit and picked truth. "How's the buttplug? Do you like it? I want details."

Matt squirmed uncomfortably, his face slowly turning red. "Um, it's gotten alright I guess. It was really uncomfortable at first, but I've gotten used to it. I wouldn't say it's 'good', but I don't hate it," he said, looking at the floor the entire time. 

Stacey just smiled seductively. "Yeah, it gets like that".

They all reached for their drinks as one, and went back to the game. When Stacey had finished her dare of walking down to the mailbox naked, she came back inside shivering, then looked at Andy and asked "truth or dare", and he felt he had better pick dare instead of just going with truth for the rest of the night. 

Stacey looked him dead in the eyes, making his stomach drop. He knew it was coming. She was going to dare him to suck Matt's dick. He prayed to all the gods she didn't, and they were answered.

"I dare you and Matt to fuck"

"WHAT?!" Both Matt and Andy had cried out at the same time, before spewing out refusals as fast as they could, but Stacey just held up her hand. "Hey, rules of the game. And Kate did her dare, and I didn't even get asked about it either." Before Matt could assert he wasn't asked either, Stacey said "this'll just count for your next dare as well Matt". 

Matt and Andy both looked at each other, then subconsciously, down at each other's dicks. Matt's dick had more girth, but Andy had length in his favour, clocking in at just under 7 inches. They were both assessing whether they could take the other's inside them. They both realised what they were each looking at, and their eyes snapped up at once. Andy's brain worked furiously, and remembered the buttplug in Matt's arse could help him get out of being the bottom. "I'm top!" he cried out.

"Wait, what?! Are you fucking serious?"

"Hey, I want to do this the same amount you do, but they're not gonna let us get out it, and besides, you've had that buttplug in for ages, so it'll hurt you less." Matt grumbled a bit but said nothing in his defence, allowing Andy to breath a sigh of relief; he'd won. A minute ago, he was worried that he might have to suck a dick, now he was about to have anal with that same guy. He could simply refuse, but the copious amount of alcohol he had ingested had lowered his inhibitions just enough to contemplate it. Plus, he was amazingly horny after watching Kate and Stacey, and he figured he'd at least be able to get off. He still felt sorry for Matt though. 

Both the girls were now sitting on the couch, eager to watch it seemed. Andy thought it would be wise to wear a condom, so he went to get one. When he returned, Matt was moving into position on his hands and knees in total silence. 

Andy jerked himself until he was hard, then slid the condom on and covered his dick with lubricant. He got into position behind Matt, when he saw that his entry was blocked. "Hey dude, you think you can maybe, um, take out the buttplug?"

Matt reached around behind him in silence and tugged at it. After a second, it popped out, causing an almost inaudible gasp from Matt, and his arse to move back, as if chasing it. 

Andy moved closer, and placed one hand on Matt's bare arse. Normally he'd be opposed to placing his hand on that part of a man's naked skin, but what he was about to do next went pretty far beyond, so it mattered little at this point. He pulled the cheek open to expose Matt's tight hole, aimed his cock at it, took a deep breath, and placed the head at the hole and pushed. 

Due to the buttplug that had been inside Matt for near an hour, there was little resistance, and the head popped in easily, causing a sharp intake of breath from Matt. Andy stopped pushing for a moment, shook away the desire to stop, then started pushing deeper, then eventually came to a stop when he was all the way in.

The first thing Andy realised was just how tight Matt's butt was, even after being stretched out. He'd never gotten to do anal with a girl before, but it felt amazing. He almost wanted to stop *because* he liked it, and didn't want it to become absolute truth. But he started up again, slowly pulling back until he was about to pop out, then pushed all the way back in again. It felt great. He wondered how Matt, who hadn't spoken for some time, was doing. "Does it hurt? It's so fucking tight I can't tell if I'm doing it too hard."

There was a few moments of silence, then a quick "no". So Andy resumed. He pulled out slowly again, then pushed back in, and each time he felt the tightness ease off just a little bit, so he sped up until he was going at a steady pace and proper fucking Matt's arse. It was feeling better and better the longer he went on, and it was showing in the way of heavy breathing. Then Matt spoke. "Um, Andy? I don't suppose those condoms are latex free? Cos I'm allergic and it's starting to hurt" 

Andy had forgotten that. He knew Matt had to wear latex free ones, but it's not really something you remember about a friend, so he hadn't even thought of it. He didn't want to stop though. He was insanely horny and Matt's tight arse felt incredible, so he pulled out, ripped off the condom and quickly covered his dick in more lube, and before anyone could stop him, he quickly lined up with Matt's arse and pushed, the now loosened arsehole allowing him to go balls deep easily. 

When he slid in Matt had let out a long groan and he stopped, the girls gasping. He hoped it wasn't pain, because the difference in feeling was enormous. He could feel the wetness now of the lube and the warmth of Matt's arse, he could feel the texture of the dark canal his cock resided in, and the hard round bump about halfway in, which he guessed was Matt's prostate. Matt said nothing to stop him though, so he pulled back and started fucking him again. 

His breathing was now matching his every thrust, and he knew he wasn't going to last much longer before he came. He heard Kate say something, but he didn't pay attention. He couldn't pay attention on anything other than the feeling of his cock inside the arse in front of him. He placed his hands on Matt's hips and started fucking him harder, pulling him back and he thrust his hips forward, his breaths soon turning to guttural moans and grunts. 

Matt let out a moan, but Andy didn't care. He could start screaming out dirty talk, demanding Andy to fuck his tight hole like the slut he is, and Andy would have obliged. The more he fucked, the more Matt was moaning, and soon their moans and grunts matched each other in rhythm, and Matt's hips started bucking, pushing him back, so while Andy was fucking Matt, Matt was fucking Andy. 

Andy could feel it approaching, and his voice gave it away. It grew higher and hoarser, quickening in pace. Matt's arsehole started spasming, and the extra grip on his cock sent Andy overboard. "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" he cried out involuntarily, and he shot his load deep inside Matt as his orgasm tore through his body, causing Matt to start jerking and crying out. 

Feeling like Matt would fall and not being finished yet, Andy reached out and grabbed Matt around the chest, pulling him up into an embrace and kept ploughing away at his arse, emptying his cock and balls of his seed, Matt jerking and crying out in high moans the whole time. 

Andy slowed down, and eventually came to a stop, still deep inside Matt. They knelt in their embrace for a few moments, before Andy slowly withdrew from Matt's arse, then lay down on the floor, breathing heavily. Matt did the same. Andy couldn't comprehend anything. He had just had the best sexual experience of his life, and the comedown had switched off his brain.

After a moment of silence, Kate burst out "that was the hottest thing I have ever fucking seen." Stacey nodded in agreement, a look of awe plastered across her face, then added "you totally have to let us watch next time you do that."

Andy looked over at Matt, and was met with Matt looking back. The look on both of their faces said what their mouths didn't need to: 'next time' was definitely something that was going to happen.