 I grew up in a fairly large city, living with my mother and sister. I spent most summers staying with my aunt and uncle in the country, which was a wonderful retreat from urban life. They had a nice large ranch home, surrounded by acres of fields. It was perfect for riding dirt bikes and shooting rifles, which I loved to do with my Uncle Ted. We were great friends and he was like a father to me, especially after my own dad passed away.

My uncle was a large man, about six foot four, very muscular and handsome. Most of his wisdom came form experience not from schoolbooks. In so many ways, he was a true man's man. Or so I thought.

One summer, Uncle Ted bought a computer and didnt have the faintest idea of how to use it. I helped him set it up, taught him the basics, and soon had him wired to the internet. We were alone, my aunt had gone to a festival with some of her friends. That day will be forever etched into my memory.

I was showing Ted the wonders of the internet, when he asked to see some porn sites. I thought he was joking around but he was serious.

"Come on, Paul, lets see some action. I've heard you can see lots of porn on this thing...lets check it out."

It wasn't long before we were looking at some great pics - lots of tits and ass, women sucking huge cocks and getting fucked. Ted wasn't afraid to rub his crotch right next to me and often exclaimed hoots and hollers of approval when I showed him pics he liked.

"Damn boy, I'm getting a big ol' hardon seeing this stuff!" Uncle Ted told me. "Your Aunt Dorean is gonna get some meat tonight!"

I didn't mind Ted talking like that. I wasn't uncomfortable at all. We talked alot about women and sex, but I certainly wasn't prepared for what was to happen that day.

Uncle Ted's cock was poking out down the leg of his shorts! I had never seen another guys cock hard before.

"Mmm, damn Paul, I think I'm gonna have to jack this big ol' hard-on off!" he said. "Your Aunt Dorrie wont be back for hours and I'm gonna need some relief."

I was hard too, and I couldn't help glancing over at his large cock which he was now openly stroking.

"Go ahead Paul, take yours out too. Nobody needs to know about this" he said with a wink.

I was a little embarassed but I was hard and horny too. Soon we were sitting next to each other, stroking our dicks as we watched clips and pics of porn. His big hand reached over to me.

"Thats a pretty big cock ya got there."

He was gripping my prick and it was then that I realized I wanted him to jack me off. Slowly but methodically, he was squeezing and pumping my shaft, using his spit as lubrication. I reached over and grabbed his. His cock was about the same length as mine but much thicker. It felt so hot and hard in my hand. I loved how it felt and he was doing a great job jerking me.

I felt a queer urge. I wanted to suck him. I had thought about doing things like this before but never imagined it would actually happen! I bent over and kissed the large head of his dick.

"Ohh yeah, boy, go ahead and suck it some if ya want" he urged.

It was like a daze...I found myself getting on the floor in front of him, between his legs. I started licking his shaft and then slipping his bulbous dickhead between my lips. I knew I couldn't take much of it into my mouth, so I started stroking his thick shaft while I sucked the tip. I could feel and taste his cock oozing precum...I loved it! I loved having Uncle Ted's big cock in my mouth!

"Whoa, damn boy...yeah...suck it..suck my cock, boy!" he moaned. "Mmm, fuck...you're gonna make me squirt!"

I didnt really know how to handle that, I just kept slurping and stroking Ted's thick member. Suddenly I felt it "expand"...

"Ohh YEAH!"

It was pulsating and then...POW! His hot jizz was shooting into my mouth...a thick stream fired to the back of my throat. I gagged and quickly removed his squirting cock from my mouth. A large amount of salty, gooey hot liquid was flowing down my throat! I lost complete control, realizing my nasty deed, and started coming myself. I started spurting my load on the floor while I continued to milk Uncle Ted's cock.

Afterward, one would think it would be an awkward situation. It wasn't. We were still the best of friends, even more so now, and we laughed and talked about it. Neither of us had done anything like that before and it started something new between us - a kinky past-time held secret until now.