 Making it work

Friday night my friends and I headed to HEAT. I was anxious and excited to see Michael at the same time, and I couldn't stop smiling. I was glad that we didn't even wait in line. As soon as Tazz saw us he waived at us and told us to head inside where our table was waiting with instructions to order anything we liked.

The place was packed already and people were on the dance floor moving to the music. We chatted and drank for a while as we waited for Michael to arrive. I found myself turning and looking over the stairs for any sign of him. 

"Don't worry sweety; he's probably missing you too." Olive said and dragged me to the dance floor. We danced for a while as Matt watched us from the table. Olive went to the bar to get more drinks and I stood on the floor and swayed a bit to the beat. 

I froze as warm hands moved around my waist and rested on my side. I turned to find Michael's smiling face and my heart jumped for joy. 

"I see your having a good time sexy pants." He said with a wink and I smiled.

"You just loving watching me don't you?" I asked and pulled him to me for a hot and steamy kiss. He moaned on my lips as we parted. 

"I missed you." He said.

"Me too and there will be time to show me how much later. Right now I want you to come meet my friends." I replied as I took his hand and we made our way to the table. Olive had just set another round of shots on the table when we arrived and they both turned to us with knowing smiles. 

"Guys this is Michael. Michael these are my crazy friends Olive and Matt." Michael gave them a killer smile and extended his hand to them as they greeted each other. 

"It's nice to finally meet you both. I've heard a lot about you." 

"We've heard a lot about you too. Shaun's pretty taken with you." Matt replied with a smile on his face. 

"Yeah he hasn't stopped talking about you. You really made an impression." Olive just had to take over. Somehow I knew where this was going. I rolled my eyes and sighed. 

"I'm glad to hear that, coz he's made quite an impression on me too." Michael replied with a warm smile as he looked at me. My heart skipped a beat and I smiled back. God he was so amazing and I was falling hard and fast. This couldn't be good. We talked for a bit and laughed and had more drinks. I was glad my friends were getting along with Michael. 

Michael often excused himself to attend to some things and when he came back he sat next to me and held me all the while. We went to the dance floor and danced with each other. A few moments later Olive and Matt started making out in front of us and it was so hot. 

Their hands were everywhere at the same time and I felt myself flush. I was so turned on. Michael cleared his throat and that brought them back to their surroundings. They blushed and apologized as they decided to leave. 

Michael offered to take me home and we said goodbye to my friends. As they walked away Matt grabbed Olive by her ass and pinched it. God I envied them so much. I felt bad for watching and turned to look away only to find Michael staring at me. 

I blushed and looked away as he chuckled and asked me to come upstairs with him. When we got his office I shoved my hands in my pockets and watched him lock the door. Now I was nervous. He walked slowly towards me and I trembled at his gaze.

"So...why are we here?" I asked but already knowing the answer. He took my hand and led me to the couch were we sat and faced each other. Michael stroked my lips with his thumb and whispered. 

"Let me show you." He replied and captured my lips with his. God damn he was too good with his lips. I couldn't help but moan. Soon our kisses grew passionate and I yelped when he pulled me on his lap. I melted and let him fuck me with his tongue. He tasted every inch of my mouth and my head was spinning. 

I ran my hands through his hair as his caressed my back. I could kiss him forever. But soon we both pulled back so we could breathe and looked at each other. Words weren't said but there was a connection there and it took my breath away. I saw it in his eyes. 

The want, need, hunger, lust and something else. It scared me for a bit and I didn't know what to think. I wanted so badly to look anywhere but at him but my eyes were glued to his for some unknown reason. I couldn't stand it anymore and captured his lips again. 

I didn't want to fool myself into thinking that he had deep feelings for me. It was just too soon. After a moment I pulled away from him to a moan of protest from him. I laughed when he tried to pull me back to him when I tried to seat back down.

"Michael I can't seat on your lap the whole night." 

"Why not?" he asked and I looked at him like he was crazy. 

"I'm heavy." 

"No you're not. I kind of like having your weight on me babe." The little endearment gave me butter flies in my stomach and it sounded sexy coming from him. We made out for a while and talked until the early hours of the morning. I didn't even realize how tired I was until I started to yawn. I apologized with a blush and Michael just chuckled and helped me up. 

"Let me take you home babe." He said. We made our way down stairs to the back entrance and walked to the staff parking lot. As we approached one particular car at the end of the line I frowned because I didn't recognize it. Instead of the bmw from last a beautiful and sleek suv stood there. Just how many cars did he have? 

We got in the car and drove away. This time I invited Michael inside my apartment. We kissed and talked for a while about nothing until he got up to leave and gave me another amazing kiss. I had to pull myself away from his arms in order to get him to leave. I could tell that he didn't want to leave but I knew I wouldn't be able to control myself with him around.

I laughed when he made a puppy dog face as I closed the door in front of him. God he was so cute. He called when he got back to club and wished me a good night. I tried to ignore my erection as I crawled into bed. But soon I was panting as I stroked myself to completion. 

All I had to think about was his beautiful lips and his smell and I was soon crying out as I came all over myself. I wiped myself and rolled over onto my stomach with a groan and a silly smile. Olive was right, I really needed sex. 

But as soon as I thought about sex the smile on my face slowly faded and negative and dark thoughts began to creep inside my mind. Shit I didn't need to think about that now...

"Michael where are you taking me?" I asked as we stepped out of what felt like an elevator and stand awkwardly. His hands were placed over my eyes so I couldn't see where we were going. 

"I told you it's a surprise." I nodded and sighed impatiently. I was getting anxious already. He chuckled a bit and stood behind me and whispered in my ear to open my eyes. I gasped at the sight that greeted me.

"So what do you think?" He asked as I stepped further into the room. Michael and I had been dating for two weeks now and things were great between us. Tonight he had invited me for dinner at his house because we always met at the club. I always wondered when I would get to see his house but I didn't think it would be this soon. My mouth practically hit the floor in shock. 

He took my hand and gave me a tour of his house. Every room was huge from the large kitchen with dark chocolate painted wall units. The lounge had four huge leather couches, big plasma TV and a pool table. The man had a collection of movies and games my eyes hurt running through them. 

It had three bedrooms and bathrooms. The master bedroom had its own large en suit bathroom, a large flat screen TV on the wall and a walk in closet. There was also an office and exercise room. He finally led me to the balcony where a candle lit dinner complete with soft music and candles were set out. 

Everything looked so beautiful. The icing on the cake was the breathtaking view of the city. Man I was lost for words. I pulled him to me and kissed him passionately and moaned as our tongues danced with each other. When we finally pulled apart he smiled.

"So I take it you like it?" he asked breathlessly.

"I love it. I never knew you were such a romantic."

"Damn I was talking about the house." He tried to sound seriously disappointed even though he was smiling. I lightly nudged him with my hand and laughed.

"Very funny...the house is beautiful too. You are full of surprises you know that?"

"There's a whole lot more where that came from."

"Mmm I can't wait to find out more." I replied with a wicked smile and kissed him again. We sat down and ate dinner. My man was such a great cook and I moaned until the last bite. I really had a great time. The food was great and the company was even better. I was falling hard for this man and I knew I wouldn't be able to hide it anymore.

After dinner we moved to the living room and made out on his couch. I really wanted Michael with every fiber in my body and I couldn't stand it. 

I decided that he deserved a treat for surprising me with dinner tonight. As we made out I sat on his lap and ground my hard on against his. 

We both groaned as my lips moved to his neck and I licked and sucked on it. He arched his back and moaned in pleasure. He then grabbed my ass and squeezed it with his hands and Oh fuck that felt great! I moved my hands to the hems of his shirt and pulled it over his head and threw it on the floor. 

His eyes widened and he tried to say something but I placed a finger on his lips. 

"It's ok Michael. I want this." I whispered to him and captured his lips again. Soon my hands were all over his hairless chest. I caressed his nipples until they were hard peaks. I moved lower until had one in my mouth and licked it as I played with the other one. When I lightly tugged it between my teeth and bit it he bucked his hips and moaned in pleasure.

"Oh fuck Shaun that feels so good." He cried out. I played with his nipples for a while before descending much lower. I left a trail of kisses down his pecks and belly ring relishing in the sexy sounds he was making. I pushed his hips apart and stared at the large bulge hidden in his jeans and rubbed him through the thick material. 

It felt big and I couldn't wait to see it for the first time. In one swift move I pulled his pants and underwear off and my eyes widened at the sight of his cock. He was about eight inches long and thick with two low hanging balls. I had never seen a cock as big as his and felt a bit intimidated for a second there. 

But I was up for a challenge. Plus he was so beautiful and my mouth started watering. Shit I couldn't wait to taste him. His cock was glistened with pre come and I wrapped my hand around the fat head and gently stroked him. I moved further down to his balls and sucked each one in my mouth as my hand moved up and down his length.

"Ah fuck, oh shit!" He cried out and rocked his hips against my hand. I moaned with one in my mouth and stroked him for about a minute and replaced my hand with my mouth. He cried out as my lips closed around the head of his cock and I licked it with my tongue. God he tasted so fucking good I was immediately addicted to his taste. 

He cradled my head with both of his hands and gently started to thrust in my mouth. 

I swallowed more of him as played with his heavy balls with my hands. I pulled off him until only the head remained and relaxed my throat. As I went back down I swallowed him down in one swift move until my nose touched his pubes. He wasn't expecting this and he nearly jumped off the couch in shock.

"Oh my god Shaun that's...No one has ever...Oh that's so fucking hot." He cried out as his shaky fingers tightened around my hair. I pulled off of him completely and looked at him. He was panting and his eyes were glazed and almost black. 

"I want you to fuck my mouth and fill it with your hot come." I ordered him as I swallowed him again. He grabbed my hair a bit forcefully now and started fucking me like his life depended on it. Our eyes locked with each other the whole time. The sexy sounds he was making had me hard and leaking. 

Slime was leaking from my mouth but I didn't care. I felt like a slut and I liked it. I moaned around his cock and he cried out. All I cared about was bringing him pleasure. His thrusts became erratic as his movements faltered.

"Babe I'm gonna fucking come...Oh fuck...fuck ...fuck." He thrust one more time and screamed my name as he came. Ropes and ropes of his hot come shot down my throat and I greedily swallowed and pulled off a little so I could taste him until he became soft and popped out of my mouth. 

He lay there panting like he'd just run a marathon as I rested my head on his thigh. I was so hard and aching and I wanted to cum so bad. I quickly unbuttoned my pants and started stroking myself when my hand was pushed away. 

"Oh, no you don't." Michael said with a growl. He practically threw me on the couch and pulled off my jeans with force and underwear in one quick motion. He grabbed my dick and stroked me as his lips slammed against mine. His tongue forcefully thrust against mine and I moaned. 

"You're gonna cum in my mouth babe." He whispered with a wicked smile as he moved down on me. I was so turned on that as soon as his mouth closed around my cock I started to come. My back arched and my toes curled as I had the most intense orgasm of my life. 

He swallowed every last bit of my come and let me fall from his lips. He lay beside me on the couch and watched me as I tried to catch my breath. He lightly stroked my chest and I pulled his head down to me for a heart stopping kiss. I could taste myself on him and I sucked on his tongue as if I was dying of thirst. 

He wrapped his thigh around me and pinched my ass with his hands. We kissed for a while and I moaned as my cock started to get hard again. He ground his hard on against mine and we both groaned. I cradled the back of his head as he grabbed both our hard cocks and stroked them with his hand. 

It felt so good and soon we were both panting and thrusting against each other as our groans filled the room as his hand became a blur. The pleasure was too much and soon we both cried out in pleasure as we came at the same time. We held each other as we tried to catch our breath. 

"You, are so amazing." He finally said once we our breathing came back to normal.

"You're not bad yourself." I replied with a smile and kissed his sweet lips. We finally got up from the couch to the bathroom to clean up and then headed to bed. As we settled together he planted a kiss to my forehead and wrapped his arms around me. 

I sighed with happiness and drifted to sleep. I woke up to the most pleasurable sensation. Michael was kneeling between my legs with my cock in his mouth. He was licking and sucking my cock head and I fell back on the pillow with a moan.

"I see your finally awake." He said with a wicked smile. He crawled on top of me and captured my lips all the while stroking my cock. I thrust against him and groaned in his mouth. He moved from my lips and kissed my neck and sucked on it. That drove me wild and I fucked his hand in earnest. 

"I want to suck your cock while you suck mine babe." Michael whispered in my ear. I moved around him until we were both lying in a 69 position. I grabbed his beautiful cock and stroked it with my hand. It felt so hard and warm I sucked the head in my mouth at the same time he did. 

He rolled us until I was on top of him with my dick in his face. He grabbed my ass and pinched it with his large hands and sucked me off. Oh god he was driving me crazy. I thrust myself against his mouth and cried out as my cock hit the back of his throat and he hummed. My whole body trembled and my eyes rolled to the back of my head. It felt so fucking amazing.

"Oh god!" I cried out and dove back to his cock. He thrust in my mouth until I had all of him down my throat. We moved against each other until our bodies were covered in sweat. Our groans were the only sounds filing the room. I felt Michael's finger at my whole and I pushed against it. 

He circled my whole and I felt it slip inside me and I tore my lips away from his cock and let out a long pleasured moan. He touched something inside me and rubbed against it and I came undone. What the fuck was that?

"Oh...Oh...Oh...fuck ...I'm coming!" I screamed as my come shot in his mouth. He held me still with his hands and moved against me as I came over and over in his mouth. My orgasm was so intense I nearly blacked out. I dove on his big cock and sucked him for all I was worth. I was still coming as he started filling me with his jizz. 

I swallowed everything he had to offer me and sucked him until he became soft that I had to pull off. I collapsed on his thigh as we both tried to catch our breath. That was so hot and my head was still spinning. I was addicted to Michael's dick and lips. He came up to me and kissed me and we shared our essence with each other.

"God that was incredible. You are something else babe." He said with a smirk. We rolled on the bed between kisses and laughs until he had me pinned on the bed and ravaged my mouth with his amazing tongue. We pulled apart and looked at each other for a moment.

"You too lover." I replied.

"It's more than that. No one has ever swallowed me whole before coz I'm big and all. But you just took that thing like it was nothing." I blushed and tried to hide my face with my hands and he caught them with a chuckle.

"You give the best head babe. I have to thank whoever taught you someday." He said with a soft laugh. I stiffened and my smile disappeared. Michael noticed the sudden change in me and looked worried. I pushed him off me and sat up on the bed. 

"Shaun, did I say something wrong?" He asked. I looked back at him and saw confusion in his eyes. He didn't know and I couldn't blame him. I sighed and ran a hand through my hair and spoke.

"No, you didn't." I leaned against the headboard so I could look at him. "Your comment kinda caught me off guard and it brought back memories I would rather forget." He still looked confused and tried to speak but I held up my hand to stop him. 

"I need to tell you something." He nodded and I took a deep breath.

"I was sexually assaulted when I was a teenager." His eyes widened at my confession...