 I awoke in the brightly light of morning, as hard as I could ever be on awakening. I lay there contemplating the events of last night, and pondered the idea of a quick self-fuck with the toy I had fucked myself with before falling asleep. It was still tucked under my pillow. 

I heard noises in the bathroom, and suspected (imagined?) my hosts engaging each other in a morning tryst, which only made me harder. When I heard the shower start, I pushed off the covers so that I could admire my own cock as I contemplated how I would bring myself to climax.

That was when the door opened. It was Dave, and he too was rock hard. He swiftly came to the bed and straddled me as I lay on my back. As he leaned in to kiss me, I saw that he had cum on his lips and cheeks. His hand gripped my hard shaft as we shared a delightfully cummy kiss.

He masturbated me skilfully as our mouths locked together, and I was ready to spurt in just a few minutes. When I whispered that I was ready to shoot, he dove down and took me in his mouth and sucked greedily while I pumped my love cream into his waiting mouth. When my orgasm was complete, he sat up and smiled down at me while my cream dribbled down his chin and cheeks. I grabbed his ass cheeks with both hands and lifted him towards me, and he jacked off into my own mouth. When he was spent, we lay together kissing some, enjoying the silky slickness of our seed on our tongues and lips.

The hot water tank was huge, allowing for leisurely showers. Following a leisurely breakfast, we moved outdoors to the pool deck, where we lounged in the sun and let it bronze our naked bodies with it's warmth.

Jim brought the camera out in the early afternoon and hovered over us as Dave slathered my body with tanning lotion. His hands caressed my muscles lovingly, and I was not shy with my physical reaction. Jim obviously liked watching his lover caress my calves, my thighs, my cock, and my balls, as well as probe my cavity with his fingers. I was only too happy to let my exhibitionist side shine, as well. I was happy for our quick morning climax, as it would allow us even more time to explore the erotic appetites that might be kindled in the sun and the pool.

As the afternoon carried on, so did we. We took turns with the camera, and I photographed the two of them and each of them. 

I frolicked for the camera, spreading my ass cheeks wide and fingering myself, rubbing lotion all over my body, masturbating in the bright sunshine while I gently sucked which ever cock was near my mouth.

I watched as Jim took extreme close-up shots of Dave inserting a magnificent dildo into his sweet pucker hole. I loved how Dave's hard cock seemed to get even harder when he would roughly shove a toy into his fuck-hole.

We must have been play-fucking for well over two hours at this point. My balls were filled to the point of bursting by all of this intense photographic foreplay when I laid back on the lounger almost aching for orgasmic release. Jim came and stood over me, straddling the chair, camera in hand. Dave was on the deck next to us, fucking himself in near-ecstasy. 

I lifted my legs as far back as I could and reached around them and inserted two fingers into my asshole for the camera. Jim took the shot and then set the camera down and picked up the bottle of lube and poured a copious dollop on to his cock. I reached up and used the hand not busy with my hole to spread the slick lotion all around his massive love tool. I was finally going to get fucked!

He bent his knees and I hooked my legs over his shoulders. His eyes were fixed on the prize- my waiting love hole- and I firmly guided his cockhead to the spot. I looked over at Dave for a moment, and his eyes were bright with lust as he gazed at the spot where his lovers' body was preparing to become one with mine.

My asshole opened easily with the pressure of his thick shaft and I shivered with pleasure as I felt him enter me and then pause. His eyes met mine.

"Yes! All the way! I want you in me all the way1 Fuck me deep!" said softly but excitedly.

At that, his eyes returned to where our bodies met and he shoved smoothly into me until he was balls deep, and then began to fuck me slowly. I revelled in the way his cock stretched my love hole, and how deep it penetrated in to me when he rammed it home.

Our fuck was slow and gentle. He paused often to let our pleasure subside slightly before resuming his slow pistoning thrusts.

Dave rose from his spot and joined us, embracing his lover and kissing him passionately as we fucked. The sheer lust that we shared seemed the pinnacle of sexual glory. We kissed, we fucked, we paused, we fucked.

As I felt my passion arcing towards a point of no return, where the only way was forward towards climax, I reached for Dave's manhood and drew it to my mouth, and I began to jerk him off intently, desperate for his orgasm to satisfy my need for hot jizz in my mouth.

I have no idea how long Jim and I had been fucking. I had never been fucked like that in my life! I think that he must have been inside me for nearly half an hour. As I greedily sucked and stroked Dave's love tool, I felt a shift in how Jim was making love to me.

His movements signalled a change from a mutual sharing of the pleasure of man to man lovemaking to the more urgent thrusting driven by the need to climax.

Dave cried out with pleasure and I felt the pulsations in his shaft as he erupted in my mouth and then all over my face, his love nectar warm and exciting to my tongue.

As soon as he was spent, Dave bent down and kissed me and licked the cum from my face before standing and kissing Jim intensely. At that moment, Jim thrust deeply into me and I felt the warm burst of his orgasm inside my love hole. He never stopped thrusting as he came, and I felt the warm dribbles of his cum running down my backside as he kissed his lover and his lover stroked me to my own climactic finale.

Finally Jim stopped thrusting and simply paused while still fully inside me. My belly was covered in the nectar of my orgasm, and Jim ran his fingers through my cum, drawing circles in it before offering me his cream-covered fingers to lick clean. I sucked at them as though a candy covered treat. My anal muscles flexed pleasingly as the cock inside me began to shrink, leaving me somewhat disappointed as I was almost feeling like I could fuck some more. 

Finally we separated and a thick gush of cum escaped my asshole and dribbled down my back. When I stood, it ran pleasurably down my leg, and Jim picked up his camera and photographed the trail of his seed as it made it's way down the inside of my thigh.

We dove in the pool and enjoyed a refreshing swim before Dave brought us cold beers to quench our thirsts.

Somewhere along the way, we all dozed and then feasted on juicy steaks before dozing again. 

After dark, we soaked in the hot tub, again in the glory of our nakedness. The mood was more relaxed, with the sexual tension far more subdued than it had been in the light of day. It probably helped that each of us had enjoyed not one, but two intensely satisfying orgasms in the space of the day. But, after an hour of conversation, kissing, and touching in the warm water, it was clear that more sex would occur.

Dave left the tub first, drying off by the pool while we admired his body and especially his stiff cock. He tossed his towel down on the deck right beside me and flopped down on his back on it, spreading his legs wide and exposing his hole to me. I moved closer and circled his pucker hole with my tongue, sucked on his balls, and then forced my tongue into his hole while Jim watched from the other side of the tub.

After several minutes of me fingering and tonguing his glory hole, Dave stood and walked seductively into the house. Jim came across the tub and kissed me hungrily before we followed.

We found Dave in the softly lit living room, down on all fours in front of the flickering fire. In the time it had taken us to towel off and come inside, Dave had rubbed massage oil all over himself. His tanned body glistened erotically in the firelight. He was lubricating his fuckhole as we walked in. 

With little pause, Jim simply went behind him and pressed his erect manhood to the hole offered him, and shoved it in with a soft grunt. Dave responded with a whispering, almost feminine, moan.

I stood and watched for only a few moments. Dave looked up at me with and opened his mouth invitingly and I knelt in front of him and his lips engulfed my shaft and I began to fuck his mouth. Jim leaned forward and kissed me again, before telling me "You can fuck him after I cum, if you want. I think David would like that, wouldn't you, David?"

Dave looked up at me and ran his tongue the length of my shaft.

"Yes, I'd like him to fuck me. I want you both to fuck me hard, Jim, and I know you like to watch me get fucked."

Then he deep throated my cock again, sucking at it like it was the staff of life.

Our fucking was far more intense than the afternoon coupling. Jim thrust at his lover with slow, firm strokes. His need for climax seemed more animalistic and powerful. As Dave's tongue and lips ministered to the needs of my own cock with consummate skill, I had to pull away in order to save my orgasm for fucking ass instead of fucking mouth. Not that cumming into a mouth made for mouth-fucking isn't right near the top of the list of great pleasures, mind you.

Both men were moaning with pleasure, and I was content for the moment to lay on the floor and watch Jim's magnificent fuck-tool sliding in and out of Dave's beautiful love hole, but Jim commanded me to get the dildo in my bedroom. I was there and back in a flash, not wanting to miss any of this ever more intensively hot fuck-session.

I coated it with lube, and slicked up my own hole, expecting that Jim wanted to watch me fuck myself while he fucked his man.

"Come around behind me" he said "and stick it in my ass. Fuck me with it!" he commanded though passion clenched teeth.

Fantastic! Kneeling behind him, I licked, then fingered Jim's own gorgeous love opening before I pressed the black rubber dildo to his pucker. He stopped thrusting while I watched with rapt attention as his anal ring slowly stretched and then wrapped around the end of the toy. Then I slowly pushed it deeper and deeper until all ten inches was buried inside him. Then I began to fuck it in and out of him at a speed that roughly matched the pace of his thrusts that he resumed into his lover. This was hot! 

The effect was swift, and only a few minutes after I had plunged the dildo into Jim, he was crying out with passion as he unleashed his balls into his lover. I pushed the dildo into him and held it as he came, trying to maximize the intensity of his orgasm for him. He didn't move for at least a minute once his cock had stopped surging, and he turned simply reached back and grasped my wrist and very slowly pulled the dildo out of his love canal as he let his cock bask in the warm embrace of Dave's hole.

When he finally pulled from his lover, he was still semi-hard, and his manhood glistened erotically with a mixture of lube and cum. I couldn't resist. I licked it. And licked it again.

But, in the warm firelight, something even more enticing attracted me. Dave's cheeks were apart, and a dollop of man cream appeared at his puckered opening, then ran erotically down his scrotum towards his balls. My tongue went to that glistening droplet and traced it's path back to his fuck hole, where it found more of Jim's nectar. I pushed my tongue inside his hole and let it linger there, but not for long, as I was now almost overcome by the need to fuck.

I mounted Dave and rammed my cock home as he urged me on. Jim was behind me, holding me, his cock pressed against my ass as I drove my cock hard into his lover's hole.

Both of them urged me on.

"Fuck that hole! Fuck it hard!" they commanded.

He was tight and warm and slick. I loved the feel of Jim's cum as we fucked. It was running down my balls as I drove hard and deep and fast, Jim ran his hand down between my cheeks and slipped two fingers into me and then I was cumming, exploding my jizz inside Dave's hot rectum. I gave a cry of joy as my cock spasmed with pleasure and spewed my love into the stud before me.

Finally spent, I fell back into Jim's arms and gazed at Dave's well-fucked love hole as some of my own love cream spilled from inside him and on to the floor. I found myself wondering how many other young lovers had spilled their spunk onto the rug in front of the fire.

Dave stood in front of us and quickly masturbated to orgasm, shooting his hot goo all over my chest as Jim and I watched with pleasure.

That night, the three of us shared the giant bed in their room.

I fell asleep wondering what erotic treat might arise in the morning.