 The concert had already finished half an hour ago and I was trying to get a cab but all my attempts were without affect. Thus, I decided to go home on foot. I always enjoyed walking in the empty streets of the city. It was a cool summer night; I was dressed lightly, just a red shirt and a pair of blue jeans.

I was quite absorbed in my thoughts, so I didn't pay attention to anything else. What I didn't know, was that some guy had been following me all along. While I was pacing through a tunnel I heard a man coughing. I turned around and saw a handsome, tall, well-built stranger in his thirties. There was nothing wrong with him so I kept going without looking behind my shoulder.

Gradually, his pace quickened and I sensed him closing in on me. But, even then, I wasn't alarmed. I just thought that he must be in a hurry to go somewhere. I could now hear his breath right behind my back. Suddenly, I felt a strong hand groping my ass. I turned around and saw the stranger once again. He had a scary look in his eyes. I realized that he meant business. In any case, I wasn't planning to let him abuse me like that. I am gay but that doesn't mean that anyone can grab me like that whenever he pleases.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked angrily.

"I'm groping your tight, little butt, bitch!" he replied calmly.

"I'm not your bitch!" I protested.

"Well, not yet. But you're going to be, starting from right now!" he said decisively.

Instantly, he pulled out a knife. I was really scared. I was no match for him, physically speaking. He was armed and we were all alone in that tunnel. Walking home didn't seem such a good idea right now.

"I'll do anything you want! Just don't hurt me!" I begged him.

"Don't worry, I'm not gonna hurt you much!" he said grinning. "Now, kneel down and stick your tongue out!" he ordered, pointing the knife at my stomach.

I obeyed. "Please, don't hurt me! I'll blow you if you want, put away your knife!"

"You're in no position to make demands, bitch! You'll do as I say!" he said and he started unzipping his pants.

"Pull down my briefs, cocksucker!" he urged me.

I slowly pulled down his underwear revealing his semi-hard cock. His red helmet was quite big and his balls were heavy and hairy. He started slapping my tongue with his shaft, sticking his crotch all over my face.

"Now, open up. I want you to feel my dick growing to its full length inside your mouth. You're gonna give me the best blowjob I ever had, won't you?"

I nodded in agreement, knowing that I could save my life by going along with his desires. The stranger buried his tool in my mouth until his balls touched my chin. He stood there enjoying the warmth of my wet lips. I could feel his prick growing inside my mouth.

"Yeah! It's coming up, bitch!" he shouted triumphantly.

He was now completely erect. The size of his cock made me feel uncomfortable. I could take him in my mouth but if he wanted to fuck me, he would really ruin my tight butthole. My thought was interrupted as he pulled out of my mouth to show off his package. He was waving his rod before my face.

"Grab my cock and jerk me off!" he ordered.

I obeyed, grabbing his shaft and jacking him off with my right hand while massaging his balls with the other.

"I see you know the drill. So, start sucking my dick, cocksucker!" he grunted.

I licked his cockhead, flicking my tongue at his pee hole and pulling back his foreskin. I closed my eyes, tasting his sweet rod. Right away, he grabbed my head and pushed his shaft deep into my mouth. I almost gagged as I deepthroated his thick tool. He kept going in and out of my mouth. Just when I thought I could breathe, he would pull back in, stuffing his meat into my throat. His balls punched against my chin as his rhythm grew faster. He was fucking my mouth really hard. He moaned loudly as his cock penetrated my mouth again and again.

"That's it! Fuck my cock in your mouth! Take it all in, cocksucker!" he screamed.

His rock-hard rod was piercing my mouth like a well-oiled piston. I can't say I didn't like it. His dick had a pleasant taste and its size was amazing. One would pay to be mouthfucked by a prick such as this. The stranger kept pumping my mouth, going back and forth. I grabbed his ass and followed his rhythm.

"You like it, don't you? You little cockslut! You like sucking cock, don't you?" he asked.

"Mmmm!" I moaned. I couldn't speak with my mouth full of cock.

"Suck my balls, too!" he urged.

He pulled out, rubbing his shaft on my face and offering me his sack. I licked his hairy balls and ruthlessly sucked each one while he masturbated.

"I'm gonna fill your mouth with cum!" he said.

I could tell that there was plenty of hot juice waiting to be unloaded from these plum-sized balls. The stranger pushed his cock past my lips once more and his thrusts became faster.

"I want you to swallow every drop, cumslut!" he warned me.

I felt his cockhead convulse as he ejaculated, spraying several blasts of creamy cum deep inside my throat. I felt his veins protruding and his rod twitching until he emptied his load into my mouth. When he pulled out, he smeared his cum on my lips rubbing his dick on them. I cleaned him off until every last drop had come out of his tool. I thought that it was all over and got up. It was time to go home. But the stalker had other plans...

"Where do you think you're going?" he asked furiously.

"I'm going home. I gave you head, so now you have to let me go!" I said almost begging him.

"See this?" he asked pointing at the knife. "Well, this little fellow over here says that you ain't gonna leave this tunnel until I rip this tight, little asshole of yours!" he said.

I had no alternative. I had to let him fuck me, otherwise who knows what he would do to me.

"Lean against the wall. Hands up and spread your legs! Your ass is mine, cockslut!" he said as if he was threatening me.

I followed his orders right away. I was facing the wall and the stranger was right behind me.

"Pull down your jeans, slut!" he said.

I couldn't believe what was happening to me. Sucking a guy's cock was one thing but getting assfucked in a tunnel by a total stranger was another. Fear reached the depths of my soul. What if he intended to kill me after he had raped me? Just when I thought of that, I felt the edge of his knife pressing against my tailbone. He grabbed my briefs and began ripping them apart with his knife. After a few seconds, I was standing up against the wall with my ass completely exposed.

"Well, what do we have here? Looks like first class butt to me!" he said squeezing my cheeks.

"Please don't fuck me! I'll blow you again if you like. But, please, don't shove your cock up my ass, you're too big for me!" I tried to bargain with him.

My words excited him even more.

"I'm gonna fuck you senseless. You can count on that, bitch!"

I thought of getting away but it was pointless. He would stab me before I turned around. He was already rubbing his cock on my asshole, spreading my cheeks apart to admire the view. Within seconds, he came up again.

"Your round, hairless ass has made very horny! I can't wait to shove my dick up your hole!"

Well, he didn't waste his time. He was determined to fuck me and nothing could stop him.

"Spread your ass with both hands!" he ordered.

I grabbed my cheeks, spreading my ass open. Right away, I felt his cockhead touching my anus. I knew he was going to hurt me. With one mighty push, he stuffed his pole into my butt.

"Damn you're tight! I'm gonna fuck you real hard. You'll never forget this night, slut!"

The stalker enjoyed the tight grip of my hole without even moving his rod. The pain was tremendous. His monstrous cock was inside me and there was nothing I could do about it.

He started puncturing my butt really hard. His unlubed cock ravaged my tight hole, almost taking the breath out of me. His throbbing member pushed deep inside my ass.

"Stop, you're hurting me! I can't take it!" I protested.

"Shut up and take it like the slut you really are!" he yelled.

He grabbed my waist and hammered my back door in a frenzy of lust. He would almost pull out and then he would push his thick shaft back in, stretching my asshole to the limit.

"That's right, bitch! Take it all up your tight, little asshole! Show me what you can do!" he urged me. 

Gradually, the pain wore away. I had taken a few dicks up my ass but none this big. His words sounded like a challenge to me. I was determined to prove to him that I could handle a cock of this size. That's when I started moving backwards to make his dick go deeper inside me. He noticed it right away.

"You like having a big cock up your ass, eh? Well, I'll give it to you nice and hard! Come on, bitch! Shake your butt!"

"Fuck me harder! I want every inch of your rod in my asshole! Give me all you got, fucker!" I screamed.

He pounded my hole with more vigor, knowing that I really wanted his shaft to fill my rectum. He was so hot that he started spanking my ass really hard. I had removed my hands from my butt, as I was leaning against the wall in order to endure his powerful strokes. After each one, he would slap my ass with his right hand. My crack was burning with desire and I wanted to be fucked again and again. My cheeks had turned red from the spanking and my asshole was stretched to the limit. His dick reached the deeper ends of my hole giving me all the pleasure I could wish for.

"Harder! Fuck me with your big, fat cock!"

As he fucked me, my own shaft reached its full length. When his thrusts became faster I knew I was about to cum. It was a no-hands orgasm. Being savagely sodomised caused my rod to erupt spreading my hot lava all over the tunnel wall. It was a real symphony of raunchiness. As the stranger ripped and spanked my ass, I exploded without even touching myself.

"You can spread your cum on the wall, bitch! But I ain't gonna waste a single drop! I'm gonna fill your tight hole with my load!" he screamed.

I shook my ass, to tease him, so that he'd cum even faster inside me.

"Spread your cum in my asshole1 Pour your milk where it belongs!" I moaned.

His thrusts became harder. He was about to reach his climax.

"All yours, cumslut! Eat my cum!" he grunted.

His cock erupted spurting several jets of hot, sticky cum inside my ass. His milk filled my hole. I was dripping with cum. He kept fucking my butt with his still-hard tool, pinning me on the wall. When he was finally through, he pulled out, got dressed and disappeared in the darkness. I was left there, butt-naked, thinking about what had just taken place. It took me a couple of minutes to pull myself together and go home. The stranger was right. It was a night my anal 'tunnel' would never forget!