 Summer had come more quickly that usual this year. I had finally graduated from high school and was ready to take on the world. Well let's start I'm eighteen years old and single with no real girl in my life. I guess I have found the one yet. And don't tell anyone, but I'm a virgin, yeah I've kissed girls, but I've never gotten pass that part. Now I'm going off to college and I'm ready to go off and be my own person, but right before I've always wanted to go camping so I planned a trip to go camping at a lake by Corpus Christi, Texas. I called my friends and all of them had plans, seriously like everyone was busy. I was about to cancel my plans when my mom told me that my cousin Tony was in town and that I should take him camping with me. I never really liked my cousin Tony, but he was family and I accepted him. I called him up and told him about my plan he agreed and said he couldn't wait to take off.

The morning came and I was packed, Tony showed up ready he put his bags in my car and we took off. It took us about three hours to the lake. Tony was blue-eyed, kinda muscular, and had a big butt. We got off the car and put our stuff in the cabin. We looked around and it was a simple place, but it had no shower or bathroom we would have to use the public shower to get clean. I turned and saw Tony looking at me. I smiled at him and he smiled back. I asked him what he wanted to do. 

"Let's go to the lake and swim a bit," he said.

"Okay," I replied. 

We opened our bags and looked for our swimsuits. I stripped naked rather quickly, I loved being naked and I didn't care who was around. I looked at Tony he was also naked, but he had a big stare in his eye like he wanted to have sex with me, but I wasn't gay. His penis got hard as I he stared at me I bent over to pick up my trunks. I bent over showing him my ass and I knew he was getting hard. I put my trunks on and he did so trying to hide his boner from me. We arrived at the lake shortly after and we started swimming. The water glistened on Tony's skin he had never looked more attractive. We were swimming in the lake when I felt his hand on my thigh. My dick responded by getting hard I turned around and faced him, I looked in to his eyes and he looked into mine. All of a sudden I felt safe like nothing else mattered in the world. But, inside I knew I wasn't gay, but I started to question if Tony was. I splashed water in his face and began to swim back to shore and he followed right behind me. We dried off and headed back towards the cabin. The sun was going down and the day was ending I got my clothes together and told Tony I was heading toward the showers. He grabbed his clothes and followed me. We got to the public shower and there was no one there. Tony quickly stripped naked and turned on a shower, I followed his lead and stripped off my clothes. I turned on the shower next to him and began to wash myself. I lathered up the soap and began washing my balls, I saw Tony stare at my dick as I washed it. I lathered it up and began almost whacking it. I moved my hand up and down my dick at that time my dick was fully hard. Tony got a bonner from staring at my dick I know he wanted to have sex with me. I loved to play games with him, I was a little curious now, but I wasn't going to give it up to him that easy.

"Can you give me a hand," I asked handing Tony the soap.

"Sure, you want me to do you back," he replied.

"Yeah I can't reach back there," I said seductively.

Tony lathered up his hands and began washing my back. I felt good and relaxing, my cock began to stiff and my mind was racing. I felt his hard dick graze my ass as if he wanted to fuck me. I felt his hand going lower on back and pretty soon his hands were on my ass rubbing it. It felt so good at that point I knew he was gay. I turned around to face him and our dicks touched. I looked him in the eye and he kissed me gently on the lips. I pulled away and turned off the shower and grabbed my towel and headed out the door. He followed right behind me and he grabbed my hand, we walked the whole way hand in hand. We got back to the cabin and set up our sleeping bags we put them together into one because we knew we were going to have a little fun tonight. After the bed was set up we got down to the floor ready to lie down, we were still naked and we began to rub our hands through our bodies. I gave him a hug and buried my head in his chest. I felt his hands go to my ass and I quickly pulled his hands away.

"Tony I'm not gay," I said.

"Then why did you let me kiss you and wash you," he said.

"I don't know," I said.

"Have you ever had sex with a girl before," he said.

"No I haven't but I have kissed girls," I said.

"I have had sex with girls and guys and with guys it's so much better. Be honest with me did you prefer my kiss or kissing girls," he said.

"I guess yours it felt right," I said.

"Then give it a chance. Look if I make out with you for thirty seconds will you give it a chance," he asked.

"Sure," I said.

He moved his lips towards mine and we began to kiss. His tongue massaged mine and his warm breath felt good on me. I felt that this was the best connection I have ever had. I thought I might be gay, but I just went with the flow.

"I'm ready," I said. 

As we kissed I felt his hand around my cock, he began to jerk me. It felt good but I wanted something more. He began to kiss my neck and started to move lower he kissed me down to my stomach and soon he was on my dick. He kissed my dick and then started to suck it. I had never had my dick sucked before, but I felt he was doing right like no one could do it better. 

"Oh, Tony! Don't stop please don't stop," I shouted.

He kept sucking my dick I was about to cum when he pulled out. He looked at me with a dirty look and wiped the cum from his face. 

"Your cum tastes good. Now I'm going to bend over and you're going to fuck me in the ass okay," he said.

"Okay," I replied.

He got on his knees and gave me his ass. Tony had a nice ass it was round and very fuckable. I could tell he had been fucked before because his hole was already loose. I slipped my dick in there smoothly and began to rock him back and forward on my cock. I was fucking my cousin, but now we were lovers. The pace got faster and faster I was going as fast as I could then all of a sudden I felt that I was about to cum.

"Tony, I'm gonna cum," I said.

"Cum I want it," he said.

I keep fucking him until all of a sudden I blew my load in his ass. 

"Oh that felt good," said Tony.

We kissed and I started to work my way down on him like he had done me. I kissed him down to his penis and like him I began to suck it. I had never sucked a cock before but I had some skills. I tasted his cum it was creamy and salty and I liked it I wanted more. I wanted to be fucked so I stopped sucking his dick and told him to lie down. He did so and I got on top of his dick and rode him cowboy style. My ass wasn't as loose as his, but it soon got there. His penis felt good inside of me and I rode him like there was no tomorrow.

"Tony fuck me, fuck me hard." I shouted.

"Yeah I will," he said grabbing my hips.

We fucked for about ten minutes until I felt he was going to cum. I got off his dick and got on my knees and opened my mouth. I wanted to swallow it all and leave on left. Tony stood up and started to whack what was left. His hand was pumping faster and faster. I waited for his sweet release and sure enough he didn't disappoint. His cum was all over my face and in my mouth I could taste it and it was everything I wanted. I cleaned up my face and kissed him on the lips and crawled into the sleeping bags. He cradled me in his arms and we fell asleep.

I woke up the next morning sore from my ass. I looked around and couldn't find Tony. I was still naked and my dick was still hard as I looked around the cabin for him. He came in a minute later in shorts that hugged his ass and showed off his firmness. I walked up to him and kissed him on the lips.

"I loved what we did last night," I said.

"Me too, said Tony. I can't believe that was only night one, we still have three more nights."

"I've been thinking all morning about this and after last night I know that I am gay. I guess I just need the right motivation to finally realize this," I said.

He looked at me and smiled. He kissed me gently on the lips and grabbed my hard dick.

"I think tonight we should go out by the rock on the shore and just sit there watching the water," I said.

"Sounds romantic," he said smiling.

I picked up my things and went to go shower in the public showers. I walked the down the path and saw a girl in a bikini. She had really big boobs at least a D cup and a huge ass. She looked at me and smiled and said: "Hi my name is Ashley."

I looked at her and smiled and said: "Hi."

"You know I'm all alone here and if you want to come to my cabin later and talk I'll be glad too. I'm at campsite 32," she said.

I was left speechless, I nodded and she walked away.

"Wait," I cried out, but she was gone.

I could tell she wanted to have sex with me, but I forgot to tell her I was gay. But yet I knew I still wanted to have sex with her. I got to the shower and turned them on and let the warm water hit my body. My mind was all wound up on sex with both my cousin and Ashley. I started to think of how Ashley would look naked and my dick got hard. I imagined her huge tits on my face as I began to jack off. I was at climax when I heard the door open I immediately stopped and keep cleaning myself. At that one moment a guy walked in, he was so hot. He had great chest, green eyes, brown hair, and a firm ass. He looked at me and smiled he obviously noticed my erection and took the shower next to me. He turned on the water and began his shower. I was minding my own business when he started to talk to me.

"Hi my name is Luke," he said.

"Hi," I said trying not to stare at his penis.

"Are you alone," he asked.

"No, I'm with my cousin Tony," I said.

"Oh that's cool, he said. Oh damn." He dropped the soap on the floor. He bent over to pick it up. And in turn gave me a full sight of his ass. I wanted so bad to go in there and start fucking him. He got up and gave me a dirty look. Suddenly I knew what was going to happen. I looked into his eyes as our faces got closer, and we kissed.

"Do you want to fuck," I asked.

"Yes, let's do it now," he said. 

He pushed me up against the wall and began to kiss me all over. His lips were all over my face and neck. I felt his penis getting hard as he kissed and licked my chest. He immediately turned me over and began fucking me hard. It hurt so good I wanted him to keep pounding me.

"Fuck me hard," I shouted.

"Oh yeah your so loose," he said.

I moaned as his dick went in and out of my ass and then all of a sudden I felt his sperm in my ass.

"Oh fuck," said Luke

He kissed me and then began to suck my dick. His warm saliva greased up my dick as his mouth began to move back and forth on my dick. He was better than Tony at sucking dick and he knew his stuff. It felt my cum coming on and sure enough I blew a load in his mouth. I saw the cum in his mouth he gargled it in his mouth for awhile then swallowed it. 

"Oh my God that was amazing," I said kissing him

"So you and your cousin fuck," he said with a smile.

"Um...well just last night it was my first time," I said embarrassed.

"That's hot maybe the three of us can have a little fun later," he said.

He kissed me one more time on the lips slapped me in the ass and walked out of the shower. I had now fucked two guys and the feeling was way better than anything I had ever felt. Now I had to tell Ashley I was gay. I turned off the water put on my clothes and went back to the cabin. Tony was naked laying there waiting for me.

"What took you so long," he said stoking his dick.

"I ran into someone in the shower," I said.

"Was he hot," Tony asked.

"He was and we fucked in the shower it was so hot my ass hurts so bad I need a break," I said.

"Well okay, if you don't mind I'll just masturbate, you can watch if you want," he said.

"Nah I think I'm going to go for a walk," I said.

"Suit yourself," he said.

I walked out of the cabin trying to clear my mind. I started walking north and sure enough I ended up at campsite 32 where Ashley was waiting. She ran up to me and said:

"I'm all alone do you want to go inside."

She grabbed me by the hand and led me inside to her cabin. We sat on her makeshift bed and she leaned into kiss me. We began to kiss and I felt my dick getting hard. She started to rub my crotch as we made out; she felt my erection and reached in my pants. I removed her bikini top and saw the most beautiful tits I had ever seen. She began to dry hump me when I told her:

"I can't do this."

"Why," she said.

"I can't say," I said.

"Is it your first time, I promise I'll be gentle.

She pulled off my pants and began to suck my dick. But sure enough I began to lose my hard on. 

"What's the matter," she asked.

"I knew I should have told you this but I'm gay. I just found out last night," I said

"I had an idea," she said. 

I put my pants on and walked out of the cabin and began to walk to my own. I got to the cabin and Tony was there in a Speedo fixing dinner.

"Hey babe, I missed you," he said kissing me.

"I know it wasn't the same, but you know what I'm ready to go down to that spot and fuck," I said.

"Well let me just get dinner packed and a blanket and we'll go.

I picked up the blankets as Tony in his Speedo packed us dinner, and we headed off to our spot. We held hands and didn't care who saw us, because we loved each other and wanted to express ourselves. We finally arrived at the spot and I set up the blanket, as Tony pulled out the food. We sat on the blanket talking about what we wanted to do with our lives and feeding each other food between kisses.

"So was the guy's penis huge," he asked.

"It was, and he knew how to give a blow job," I said.

"Can you show me how," he said.

I kissed him and worked my way to his Speedo. I removed them and his underwear and began to suck his non hard dick. I applied the same moves that Luke had done in the shower. 

"Oh fuck, that feels so good," Tony said.

I was sucking his dick in the open, but luckily not too many people could access this spot. I kept on with my blow job, as Tony moaned with pleasure. His pre cum tasted good as I licked the tip, I looked into his eyes and cleaned my mouth as I kissed him. Then, I got on all fours and waited for his cock in my ass. He smoothly inserted his dick into my ass and began to fuck my ass. Unlike this time I felt his dick go deeper into my asshole.

"Oh yeah, fuck me hard," I said. 

"Oh I'm gonna cum," he said.

He kept fucking me until I felt his load blow in my ass.

"Oh God," he exclaimed.

I stood up as cum dripped from my ass, and Tony just went straight for my dick. He began with licking my balls, then working the shaft of my dick, then finally to the tip where he wrapped his lips around my dick and began to blow. I put my hands behind his head and started to fuck his face. I moved his head forward and backward hard.

"Yeah you suck my dick," I said.

I moved my hands as he continued to suck my dick. 

"Choke on it bitch," I said.

He put my dick in his mouth to the point of where he almost choked on my dick. His gags for air turned my on, as I pulled his face from my dick. My cum was all over his face, and I licked it off his face and bent him over.

"Are you ready," I said.

"Yes, please give me your cock. I've been a bad boy and I need to be punished," he said.

I rubbed my dick around his asshole as I eased my way into his ass. Then I began to pound his all like there was no tomorrow. I spanked him in between humps and he growled every time I did. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me hard," he said.

He laid down on his stomach as I began to hump him doggie style. I kept coming at him harder and harder until...

"Oh shit, I'm going to cum," I said.

"Keep going," Tony said.

I cummed in his ass as I pulled my dick out, I turned Tony around and kissed his lips. And I wasn't expecting it, but I peed on him.

"Oh shit, I'm sorry," I said.

"Nah its okay I want it," he said.

"I love you," I said.

"I love you too," he said kissing me on my lips.

We were butt naked, and I told my cousin I loved him, like in the romantic way.

"Do you want to have kids," he asked me.

"I do," I said.

"Me too," he replied.

We put on our clothes, picked up our stuff, and headed back towards the cabin holding hands. We arrived at the cabin, stripped off our clothes and had sex one more time. 

I woke up in the morning with his penis in my ass. I knew he was gay, but I still didn't know if I really was or am I just bi curious, and if Tony and I were in a relationship, or were we just fuck buddies. So, I turned around and asked him:

"Tony are we dating or are we just fucking," I said.

"What do you wanna be," he said.

"I don't know. We're cousins and if we date that would be weird. How would we tell our parents," I said.

"We don't we're going off to college we can just play it on then after we graduate move to Europe get married and not talk to our parents again," he said.

"I don't know. It's kinda weird," I said.

"I love you, more than anyone else in this world. I wanna make you happy," he said kissing me.

He went down to suck my cock, but I wasn't hard and I didn't get hard.

"Are you okay baby," he asked.

"I'm just a little distracted," I said.

"Why aren't you hard," he asked

"I don't know if I love you back," I said.

"But we've had sex," he said.

"I wanna a relationship with someone I can be with and not worry about anything weird happening, I liked what we did but it was just for fun," I said.

"But, your gay right, he asked.

"I don't know," I said.

"But you said you were yesterday, you can be gay one day then not on the next," he said.

"I'm going to go find myself," I said getting up and walking out the door without my shirt.

I walked out the door without my shirt and decide to walk up the path. I really did not know if I was gay or not because I haven't had sex with a girl. Then I stumbled across a lonely girl sitting at a table.

"Hello," I said.

"Hi my name is Taylor," she said.

She was flat chested and had no ass, but she was kind of cute. I sat with her and we began to talk about pretty much everything and anything. We had so much in common, and she was pretty cute. I looked at her face with her pretty brown eyes and kissed her lips. I pulled out and she smiled, and she kissed me. We made out for about fie minutes until she got up, grabbed me by the hand, and took me inside her cabin.

"Where are your parents," I asked nervously not wanting to get caught.

"Oh they went to go visit my uncle they won't be back for awhile," she said.

She laid me down on the floor and climbed on top of me while she kissed my chest. My dick began to get hard as she took of my shorts. My dick was already standing straight up, and she began to lick my shaft. She wrapped her lips around my dick and started to blow. It was a million times better than Tony's blow job, and it felt right. She got up from sucking my dick and wiped her mouth clean. She removed her bikini top to reveal her chest. As I said before she was flat, but I didn't care. I licked her hard nipples and squeezed what I could of her chest. I removed her bikini bottom, her pussy had a thin strip of pubic hair, and I looked at it with amazement and began to give her head. I had never licked a girl's vagina before, but I gave it my best shot. I guess I did a good job because Taylor purred like a house cat. I moved her from my face and on to my dick. She sat on my dick and began to ride me. 
