 The storm came sometime in the night, and we awoke to the sound of rain on the roof. Even with three in the bed, it was plenty roomy, and we all awoke firm and hard (surprise, surprise). After a small amount of casual foreplay, Dave led the way to the shower.

We took out time, enjoying the warm spray on our bodies, lovingly soaping and caressing each other. Even the usually solitary ritual of internal cleansing was made to be an erotic treat as Dave stroked my rock-hard cock while administering a warm enema.

As we toweled off, Dave leaned forward over the sink and exposed his luscious asshole to me. As Jim watched, I dropped to the floor ran my tongue around his perfectly puckered love hole while reaching up and wrapping my fist around his big, thick manhood. Dave took a bottle of lube and poured a healthy helping down his cock, slickening it up nicely for my hand. He reached around and poured another healthy dollop down the crack of his ass. I immediately slicked up two fingers and slid one, then both into his hole. 

Jim watched us for a few minutes before he reached for the lube. I reached back and used one hand to spread my ass cheeks to allow him better access to my own hungry opening. He poured some of the lube on me, and then I could see him slicking up his magnificent shaft in the mirror. He knelt behind me and I felt the pressure of his cockhead at my hole, a brief tinge, and then he was gliding into me, He didn't stop until I felt his balls against my scrotum.

Dave was moaning softly, his anal ring lovingly wrapped around my fingers, and his cock hard in my hand. I felt as though I had entered some sort of sexual wonderland, with a cock in my hand and my fingers buried inside the most sexually exquisite asshole I had ever made love to, and a thick, hard love shaft stretching my own asshole and filling me with erotic warmth.

Jim's fuck was slow and casual. While our bathroom coupling (tripling?) was intensely erotic, it was only a start and we separated before any of us was close to climax.

We made our way back to the bedroom, where Dave brought a coupe of dildo's to the bed as we resumed kissing and caressing and probing.

For the next two hours we sucked and we fucked and we took turns sliding dildo's and fingers and tongues in our own and each other's fuckholes.

I loved how Dave's eyes lit up when I took one of their toys, a beautiful 12" black rubber cock almost as thick as a wrist and gently inserted it into Jim's hole while he lay back on the bed with his legs held high and wide, and the look of ecstasy on Jim's face as I fucked him slowly and firmly with it. I would bury it almost to the hilt, and then slowly, slowly withdraw as I slid my other hand down his slicked cock. then reversing my hand motion as I ever so slowly plunged the fuck toy back into him.

Each time we fucked, each time we put a dildo inside of us we took ourselves to the edge of orgasm and then stopped.

Each of them fucked me, from every position. In turn, I fucked each of them. I lost track of the number of times my love hole was filled with the heat of hard manflesh, or the number of times my cock was buried within the loving embrace of their fuckholes, or seduced by warm lips and tongues.

It was Dave who came first. I was on my back and he was astride me as I fucked him. Jim was holding him from behind, his arms around his lover, hands caressing his chest as they kissed over Dave's shoulder. Dave made a mewling cry and his cock simply erupted with a flowing streamer of man milk. It simply poured from his cock and ran down the length of his shaft in a series of spurts. He never touched himself once during his orgasm. He just let his essence flow gracefully and erotically. It was incredibly erotic and beautiful.

When his breathing subsided, he remained motionless atop me for several minutes. I wanted desperately to reach out and touch and taste his love cream, but he had my hands pinned. Instead, he slowly eased himself from my impalement and lifted my legs to his shoulders.

I responded to his motion and grabbed his cock and guided it to my hole. He entered me with ease and we fucked intensely. I needed my own orgasm now, and in less than a minute I was crying out with pleasure as I shot my load all over my belly while his cock filled my asshole with his intensity.

I wanted more! Dave pulled out of me and Jim was on me. I wrapped my legs around him and begged him to fuck me. He entered me and we fucked with even more intensity than we had before. As I felt his lust rising, I felt my

own. I was going to cum again. My eyes searched for Dave's, and I implored him to let me suck his cock. He needed no more encouragement than that, and as my mouth wrapped around his cum smeared shaft, his hand gripped my hard manhood and he masturbated me in time to Jim's passionate thrusting.

I came before Jim, but the rhythmic pulsations of my sphincter on his love tool brought Jim to his ecstasy right behind me and I felt my insides being flooded with hot jizz once again, even as my almost exhausted supply of sperm dribbled out on to my belly where Dave hungrily licked it up before kissing us both deeply.

We finally fell apart, our bodies spent. We must have lain there for half an hour, simply enjoying the post-orgasmic bliss. I had never enjoyed that much sexual intensity, two whole days of living in a sexual haze with two incredibly sexual beings. It was easy to pray that it could go on forever, that one could spend endless weeks fucking and sucking and masturbating with boundless enthusiasm. I imagined, for a moment, that I could have such succulent and willing anal playthings at my disposal for every moment of every day, that I could fill with my cock and my fingers and various toys before anointing their mouths or their inner flesh with my love nectar.

We showered together again, washing away the oils and dried spunk, before we dressed and made ourselves brunch.

It was a three hour drive back to the city. But I left satisfied and satiated, with the promise of a return visit. But before I made my way to the car, I knelt in the doorway and brought each to climax one more time, sucking and stroking until I was rewarded with joyous spurts of love cream that I swallowed eagerly and hungrily.

I drove all the way home with the taste of their sperm in my mouth. I didn't unpack when I arrived. I stripped naked and plunged my own favorite dildo deep into my asshole and fucked myself to climax one more time as I conjured the images of my weekend of unbridled lust.