 More insecurities arise and a challenge

As the car came to a stop Michael killed the engine and looked over at me. I was too nervous to say anything. I stepped out of the car and just leaned against it as Michael walked up to me. He took my hands in his and watched me for a moment.

"Are you okay?" He asked as he regarded me with a worried look.

"Yeah, I'm just nervous." I replied breathlessly and forced a smile.

"I can see that." I finally looked up at him with worry.

"Are you sure that I'm dressed appropriately?" I asked again for maybe the hundredth time that night. I watched him smile wider as he looked me over. Maybe it was a bad idea asking him for dressing tips. All he was doing was undressing me with his eyes. Michael chose a dark blue shirt and black jeans for me to wear for dinner tonight. The guys had invited us for dinner at one of the restaurants they owned. 

Chase and Mark had been bugging me for a while now to meet the women in their lives and I had finally agreed. I really wanted them to like me. I waited for Michael to finish ogling me with his eyes and sighed when his eyes locked into mine.

"You look great baby. In fact I think I may have to warn off some of the men in there from undressing you with their eyes." He purred in my ear and I pushed him away playfully with a laugh.

"I'm being serious here." I tried to look angry.

"Me too baby, you look great. The girls will love you, and not because of what you have on. You being sexy as hell is a bonus too, they are gonna wish you played for their team. Damn now I think I may have to fight off the women too." He joked with a wiggle of his eyebrows and my eyes widened. He chuckled and took my hand as we walked away from the parking lot. 

"That was a joke right?" I asked still unsure if he was playing me or not.

"Yeah baby, just relax." He replied as we walked in. The place was way bigger than I imagined. Everything from the decor to the food looked classy and expensive. Ok, now I had a clue just how much money my boyfriend had. I felt so much pride knowing that he was a very successful business man like his friends. 

Jazz music played in the background and waiters bustled around everywhere. Someone like me would never afford to eat in a place like this. I let Michael lead me to a bigger table at the corner where everyone was waiting. They all turned to look at us and I swallowed past a dry throat. Chase and Mark introduced me to the girls and I was surprised at how excited they were to meet me.

Chase's girlfriend Ann was the same height as me with long black hair, blue eyes and the body of a model. She was an ad exec at an advertising company in the city. Mark's wife Susan was an inch taller with short blond hair, green eyes and a hot body to go with. She worked as a chef in the restaurant but took the night off to come meet me. She and Jacob kinda looked alike. They noticed me staring and told me they were cousins. 

Dinner was amazing and I had a good laugh. I couldn't believe how open they were around me and they never made me feel left out. Even Jacob was all smiles and chatty too. 

We had so much fun. I listened with envy when they reminisced about their college days. I was also envious of how close they all were with each other. I kinda wished Olive and Matt were here too. We made plans to meet up at Mark's house next weekend for dinner. I called Olive and Matt to invite them and they were happy to come. The week passed by quickly and when Saturday came around we picked them up as we drove to Mark's house. Everyone made them feel welcome and they got along with the girls really fast. 

Mark's house was huge with expensively furnished. While the guys watched soccer the girls and I hung out since I wasn't such a huge soccer fan. A while later we sat down at the patio and had dinner. There were jokes and laughter and once again they made us feel welcome. I was happy that we were all getting along quite nicely, but my happiness was cut short. One minute we were talking about favorite foods when Michael spilled some sauce on his shirt and I took out a napkin to wipe it off. 

Chase teased him for being a klutz and the whole table erupted with laughter. Susan totally shocked me when she mentioned that she remembered how his white shirt looked like he had been in a fight one night when came back from his date with Jacob. Chase chocked on his wine and Mark faked a cough in the hopes of shutting her up but she was way into the story to notice.

"What?" I asked in shock stopping her from continuing. 

She finally looked at me as her smile slowly faded. Maybe it was the fact that everyone was looking everywhere except at me or her, or the surprised look on my face that told her I had no idea what she was talking about. There was about a good twenty seconds of silence before Mark got up from the table and mumbled something about leaving the stove on. He grabbed Susan by the arm and asked her to come check it out with him. I slowly turned to Michael to find him looking at his plate in silence.

"You two used to date?" I asked expecting the same silence I got. When he finally looked up at me guilt was written over his face. 

"Michael?" I asked again but I got nothing. I was totally shocked, mostly because he had kept this from me. Olive decided to change the subject but I wasn't listening. They tried to make conversation but it was strained. The drive home was quiet and long. We dropped Olive and Matt off at their apartment and went to Michael's house. When we walked in the living area he finally spoke.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you." I looked over at him like I was confused.

"I'm sorry, did you say something?" He sighed and ran his hands through his hair in frustration.

"Yes Shaun, I'm trying to talk to you here."

"That's funny, coz an hour ago you couldn't talk." He tried to say something but I cut him off. "But hey, it's good to know you've found your voice again."

"Shaun please let me explain."

"Explain what?" I was still playing the confusion game and he was slowly losing patience.

"About this! I know that finding out about me and Jacob came as a bit of a shock..."

"You think?" I asked cutting him off. He was silent for a few seconds.

"I didn't want you finding out like that."

"I see, so when were you planning on telling me Michael?" I asked. He was quite again and I grew angry.

"I can't believe this." I walked away from him and headed for the lift. He grabbed my hand and I turned to look at him.

"What is it?"

"I'm sorry."

"Are you apologizing for not telling me sooner or for that I found out like this?"

"Both." He replied as he swallowed nervously. We both stood there without saying anything.

"Were you two serious?" I finally asked.

"Not really it was just..." he tried to explain and I cut him off again.

"So it was just dates and sex?" I sighed in anger when he got tongue tied again. 

"So I'm right, it was about sex wasn't it?" I asked again.

"Yes and it was also complicated. In the end we both agreed that we were better off as friends. That's all there is to it babe." 

Then why didn't you tell me?" I asked.

"I was avoiding this." He gestured with his hand between us. I couldn't believe this.

"You mean you wouldn't have told me if Susan hadn't mentioned it?" I asked incredulously. 

"That's not what I meant."

"Then why was this a secret in the first place? Is there something going between the two of you?" He looked shocked. I know I sounded paranoid but this whole thing made me jealous. 

"What! Of course there's nothing going on between us Shaun. I can't believe you would think that about me."

"Can you blame me? You have to see this from my side Michael. He's still your friend and you're still so very close. Most of all you two share a past." He looked at me and sighed. He took my face in his hands and I let him caress my face and swallowed as heat enveloped me.

"That's what it is, a past. I'm with you now." He took my hand in his and brought it to his lips. That just melted all my resolve. 

"I'm sorry, I guess I'm just jealous."

"You don't have to be babe. I love you." He whispered on my lips.

"I know." I replied as I pulled him tight.

...

Olive and I met up for lunch on Monday and discussed the whole Michael and Jacob relationship thing. Ever since I found out about them I've been on edge and I needed to vent.

"The thought of them together is so hot." She said with a naughty look on her face. My eyes widened at her.

"Olive you're not helping."

"What? I was just saying." She said innocently. 

"Shouldn't you be trying to make me feel better?" I was a bit angry she wasn't taking this seriously. She sobered up and gave me a sympathetic look.

"Ok I'm sorry I didn't mean to upset you. Matt and I were just as shocked as you were."

"Really, because it looked like you were getting turned on there for a second." I couldn't help but smile.

"You have to admit they are both hot right?" I sighed.

"I don't even want to think about it." I rolled my eyes at her.

"Ok Shaun what's really going on with you?" Olive asked in confusion.

"I'm worried Olive. Can't you tell?"

"About what?"

"About them being so close. I know I'm being pathetic and insecure but I can't help it."

"What I can tell is that you're getting worked up for nothing. They are just friends."

"Jacob wants him back." She looked up at me in surprise.

"Did he tell you that?"

"No but I can see it." Olive gave me a funny look.

"You sound crazy right now Shaun." I tried to say something but she cut me off. "And I know why. You're still in shock that's all and I don't blame you."

"You don't see the way he looks at Michael."

"How does he look at him?" She asked.

"Like he wants to devour him." I realized how crazy I sounded and sighed in frustration and shook my head.

"Yes, yes you do." Olive replied and I glared at her.

"Are you are making fun of me?"

"Yeah, only because I think you're going to drive yourself insane with this. You're not even sure Jacob does really want him back."

"I am." She sighed.

"Even it were true which I highly doubt, Michael adores you. So please stop worrying and just relax." She said with a smile.

"What I need is a drink." Olive started laughing at me and I soon joined in. We continued to laugh and ignored the weird glances we were getting in the cafeteria. After we calmed down Olive spoke.

"At least we got a good laugh." She said and I nodded in agreement. "The only thing I can tell you is to just ignore Jacob. But if he does try something you have to tell Michael."

"But I don't want them to fight over something I said."

"If you're right and he tries to come between the two of you, then all bets are off. Friendship or not." 

"Your right. You are a weird person but you always know what to say to a guy."

"Of course I do. Besides, when have I ever been wrong?" I looked at her with a raised eyebrow and tried to say something when she cut me off.

"Don't say a word and let me enjoy my moment." She warned and aimed a plastic fork at me. I chuckled as we ate our lunch. I was going to take her advice and ignore Jacob. But if he ever tried to come between Michael and me I wasn't going to stand for it.

...

I smiled as Michaels lips moved to my neck and his hands tightened around my waist. It was a Saturday night and all of us were at HEAT. Chase came with his girlfriend and Mark with his wife. Olive and Matt were there too. Jacob came alone but it wasn't long till he was dancing with a tall good looking guy. We hang out for hours drinking free booze thanks to my wonderful boyfriend. When a catchy electric beat started playing we all went to the dance floor and danced our asses off. A few songs later some of us went over to the table and let the girls dance. Only Mark remained on the floor with Susan. Michael excused himself and went upstairs to take care of something. Matt went over to the bar to get us more drinks leaving me and Chase at the table. We managed to talk and laugh over the loud music.

"Hey are you okay?" he asked. I looked over at him in confusion.

"Yeah, why do you ask?'

"You've been acting weird ever since Susan opened her big mouth the other day. And I kinda get the feeling Jacob rubs you the wrong way."

"He does, but it's not the way you think."

"I think I have a pretty good idea. But you don't have to worry anything Shaun. They happened a long time ago. And I think it was for the best since Jacob wasn't into the relationship as much as Michael was and he let him know it. Truthfully I'm glad in ended. Michael was sad about the whole thing but he got over it." 

"I had no idea." I wondered why he never told me that part.

"This isn't the kind of thing you tell your boyfriend." He said with a sad look in his eyes.

"Yeah I guess not..." I said as I thought for a second. I trusted Chase and I felt like I could ask and tell him anything. "I kinda get the feeling that Jacob wants him back Chase. Maybe I'm worrying over nothing but I can't help thinking it." He kept quiet for a while.

"I think Jacob liked the idea that Michael was stuck up on him this whole time. I mean their relationship was more about the control he had over Michael than anything. Mark and I watched as he paraded boyfriend after boyfriend in Michael's face after they broke up and he knew how much Michael was hurting. Anyone could see that Michael had strong feelings for Jacob and I prayed that someday he would find someone he could channel those feelings into." He smiled big as he watched me smile too. 

"I'm so happy he found you Shaun. He really loves you and I don't think he ever felt the same way about Jacob. I mean you should have seen him that night you guys met. I gotta tell you, he was hooked." We both laughed.

"Thank you for telling me this Chase. It means a lot."

"No need to thank me little dude. Just make him happy."

"I will, I promise." I said with a smile. I felt hands move around my waist as warm breath blew on my neck. My body flushed as I turned over to see Michael looking at me with a smile on his face. 

"What are you two talking about?" He asked as he looked over at Chase.

"Just asking if you're taking real good care of him."

"Shouldn't you be asking me that?" Michael tried to look angry but failed.

"Na you're a big boy." Chase said with a wink. Matt came over with glasses of shots as everyone arrived at the table. We all drowned our drinks and headed over the dance floor again. Michael couldn't keep his hands off me the entire time we moved against each other. His lips moved between my face, lips, nose and neck. He aroused every part of my body and I found my pants getting tight. I was feeling tipsy and Michael looked simply delicious. I guess I was feeling horny too. Tiesto's Red Lights started playing and Michael claimed my lips. Everything and everyone else faded away and we were the only one's standing there. I let him explore every inch of my mouth with his tongue as our kiss grew in passion. I cried out in his mouth as his hands grabbed my butt and squeezed it.

My hands fisted his hair as he sucked my tongue in his mouth. God I was hard as nails and he was just as affected as I was judging by the enormous tent in his pants. He tore his lips from mine and sucked on my neck. I moaned as he bit into my neck and sucked on the same spot. I knew he was going to leave a huge mark and the thought had me leaking like a faucet. He was driving me crazy with pleasure and any more of this beautiful torture I was going to explode in my pants. My eyes slowly opened and I then registered that we were in a room full of people. 

But everyone was dancing up a storm clearly oblivious at what we were doing. Olive and Matt however were gaping at us. I could tell they were both turned on and that only fueled my desire. I winked at them and pulled Michael's head from my neck and attacked his lips. He was shocked for a second but responded by opening his lips to welcome my tongue. I wanted him with a passion I couldn't control. We pulled apart and stared into at each others eyes as we fought to breath. 

"Stay here." He said with a horse whisper and walked to our table. He said something to Chase and they both turned to look at me. I couldn't read Michael's face but Chase smiled and winked my way making me blush. 

Michael walked up to me completely ignoring Jacob who tried to say something to him and took my hand almost dragging me off the dance floor. I didn't miss the angry look in Jacob's face as we exited the club. When we got to the staff parking lot Tazz was waiting for us by the car and opened the doors for us. He was obviously driving us there. As soon as the door closed Michael drew me into his arms as his lips moved to my neck. My eyes snapped to the rear view mirror in surprise so I could see if Tazz was watching us. His eyes remained on the road as if we weren't even there. 

A moan tore out of me as Michael's lips found a sensitive spot on my neck and sucked on it. I couldn't keep my eyes open anymore and soon I was moaning as I enjoyed the wonderful torture he was assaulting on my body. His hands moved inside my shirt until they found my nipples and played with them. His lips moved to mine and swallowed my cries as he twisted my nipples with his fingers. Oh my god I was going to come and I couldn't help it. My breath quickened and I trembled in his arms as groans erupted from my lips. My fingers dug into his scalp as I let out a scream and came in my pants. My orgasm was so intense I saw stars dancing in front of my eyes. Michael held me the entire time as I unraveled in his arms. 

"Oh god, oh god." I kept calling out as endless stream of come filled my underwear. I finally sagged in his arms in post orgasmic bliss. I couldn't even move my head to look into his eyes. He tipped my head to his face and kissed me. 

"That was so hot." He whispered hoarsely as the car came to a stop. Michael helped me out of the car and we started walking, or in this case he was almost dragging me. I was so out of it took me a while to realize we were walking into my apartment building. 

We passed Jerry the doorman and stopped at the lift. The doors opened and a young woman got in with us. The elevator stopped on the second floor and two chatty girls walked in. They looked a bit drunk and were eying us with curiosity. I guess I couldn't blame them since I was leaning into Michael like I was sick or something. One of them couldn't keep quite any longer.

"Excuse me but is your brother ok." She asked. I couldn't even open my mouth to answer her and Michael did that for me.

"No he's ok." He replied with a small smile. 

"Is he sick or something?" The woman asked. 

"No." he replied again.

"Then what's wrong with him?" she asked again. I was sure Michael would come up with a good explanation, but what came out of his mouth totally shocked me.

"I just made him come so..." he trailed off. The room fell silent for a second as the girls mouths hung open in surprise. I couldn't believe he just said that. The doors opened and Michael took my hand and walked out of the elevator. 

"Oh my god that's so hot." One of them said and I didn't even care who it was. Thanks to Michael's shocking words I was half hard since getting out of the elevator. We walked in silence until we reached the door. I unlocked it and was about to get in when Michael turned me around. I gasped at the fire burning in his eyes. His throat was working and he looked to be thinking of what to say.

"I know I told you we should wait a while to do more Shaun, but I don't think I can wait any longer. Not after seeing you come in the car. Forgive me but as soon as the door closes behind us I am going to kiss you until I have you coming again, in my mouth." I gaped at him as my dick rose to full mast. I kept opening my mouth to say something but nothing came out and I decided to shut it before I squealed. I turned to open the door. As soon as the door closed behind us he grabbed me and pinned me against the door. Our lips came crashing into each other as our clothes came flying off. As soon as my pants hit the floor he lifted me by my ass and I wrapped my legs around his waist as my hands locked in his hair. 
