 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

Mom is gone, visiting her ailing mother, giving her sister a spell.

Umut and the Turk are left alone in the house for the weekend.

After Friday prayers at the Yeni Cami, Umut and the Turk are asked to join a group of men seated at a cluster of outdoor tables. Tea is ordered all around. The banter about local politics intertwines with a lengthy discussion of happenings in Istanbul. As the conversation fills the space, one of the men orders a couple bottles of white wine, Kavaklideri. The conversation hardly stops as the glasses are set around and the bottles uncorked. After the bottles of wine are acknowledged and consumed, the animation continues, but the hour grows late. One by one, each man settles with the waiter and goes home.

Umut and the Turk enter the empty house, feeling the wine. The Turk heads into the kitchen and pulls a chilled bottle of wine out of the refrigerator. He grabs two glasses and takes them to the sitting room where Umut has settled himself. Setting the glasses down on the small inlaid table, he fills them. He hands a glass to Umut while taking the other for himself. They toast each other and take a swallow.

"You know, son. It's been a long day. What do you say we clean ourselves up?

"Yeah. I could get into that. I feel a shower would be a good thing."

"In a little while, then."

The Turk reaches to his crotch to adjust himself and takes another drink of wine. Umut looks at the man across from him. When has he ever stopped thinking about having the Turk's dick in his mouth and sucking on it? Umut has imagined being alone and what could happen. He remembers the Turk pulling his purple cock out of the boy's ass and offering Umut to taste him and to suck him. Umut remembers the first time the tip of his tongue touched the juice soaked cockhead, the flavors of sex and lust mixed with the biological bonds and incredible rushes of flashes of intensity throughout his entire body. The alcohol encourages his desires. He imagines seeing his father so turned on by his own son who has worshiped him from the moment he held him in his arms.

The Turk begins, "You are such a man, but I think there is some woman in you. The way you responded to my dick when we were with that kid. Have you thought about taking my cock up your ass?"

"Yes, a number of times."

"Have you been fucked before?"

"Yes, but only once, and it was because he was like a father when I saw him."

"Did he look like me?"

"No, he was an American, just passing through."

"And where did he fuck you?"

"In the hamam."

"You know the hamam so well you can fuck there."

"I can't withhold anything from you. Yes, from time to time, I go there and sometimes something happens and other times it doesn't."

"But you've only been fucked once?"

"Only once. I only blow or jack."

"You mean you don't fuck them?"

"Oh, yeah. If they want to be fucked, I fuck them, for sure."

"But you don't get fucked."

"No, I don't get fucked."

"Of course, you know that makes me want to fuck you even more."

Both men stare at one another and take another drink.

"Finish the glass, son. I think it's time we get ourselves cleaned up."

"I want to see you dripping before you even touch me."

The Turk showers first and returns to the cushions with a full erection he proudly displays for Umut. Umut is hard before he puts the soap in his hand. Umut washes slowly and takes the time to soap his cock while his father watches him. Umut parades his cock in front of his father. The Turk's bulge expands.

"Watching me gets you hard?" Umut asks.

"Knowing you are my son and are such a well-made young man. I never really thought about looking at a male body before or concentrating on a dick, but I really like looking at yours. Rinse off so I can see it plainly."

The Turk is sitting where he had sat years ago when he was instructing his son in the art of masturbation. Umut comes out of the shower, towels off, and sits in the lounge chair across from the Turk, the man he has wanted to be alone with more than any person in the world.

The Turk slaps his dick a few times and it grows. Umut gets hard, again. Both father and son admire one another. "You like looking at it?"

"I've liked looking at it since I first saw it as a child. You hardly noticed me, or should I say I hid but sneaked peeks at you after sex getting cleaned up. At other times, I saw you fully hard. I figured out patterns of behavior, so I placed myself where I could see you hard, and every time I saw you I felt a rush of feeling like I like looking at my dad's hard cock. I would disappear and go jack off, holding the image of you in my mind while I exploded. And then you came in when I was fucking that boy and suddenly, all the barriers vanished and raw pure lust and desire took over everything. I wasn't going to say anything but I've been thinking of nothing else since we were together and you fed me your cock, hard like it is now."

The Turk, now fully hard and beginning to show a bit of crystal liquid, rises, gets the bottle of wine, fills the glasses and sets them down so they can continue the conversation.

"I saw you looking, so I figured if others had seen me, why shouldn't my own son? I placed myself so you could see me without too much difficulty. Those times I accidently walked into the shower area almost erect was to excite you, to elicit a response. And I saw you harden. That's all I needed to know. When the time would come, I did not know. That was in the hands of a greater power, but I knew it would come. I didn't know it would come with a third party involved."

"You don't know how I wanted it before I laid my lips on it and took it into my mouth. You have no idea what it is like to be around a man who is sex itself and for that man to be your father. After I first placed my lips on your dickhead, every inhibition went out the window, every law of traditional decency has been obliterated, every tradition violated, and, in my soul, in the depths of my very being, I felt something so satisfying, I have been unable to duplicate it. I think of nothing else. Nothing else. How my lust for you has overridden every common place thought about sexual relationships. I am tortured because of the overwhelming sense of the weight of the feelings in opposition to all I have thought the way of life to be."

"When the juice starts to flow out of you and you can get on your knees, you can make love to this dick like you did the first time, but this time it will be different because every fiber of your being has given in to your overriding desires and the fulfillment they get by sucking on this cock. Look at it, Son, look at it. What do you want to do with it?"

"I want to start dripping to show you how much I desire to be the son you want me to be, to take you in my mouth and use my lips and my tongue to make love to your cock. Your cock, your cock that gives me everything. I want to spread your pre-cum over the head of your cock and play with my tongue underneath your head."

"See the juice you're making come out of me. Just thinking about your mouth around my cock makes me want it to happen right this very minute, but you need to be ready. Your body needs to be so open to wanting me that you secrete the liquid of love, the liquid of the freedom of desire. Sure, men can lubricate their dicks, even lubricate asses and pussies, but the purest, most natural lubricant is the clear liquid that shows you are totally turned on to the situation. What gets you hotter, Son? Me talking to you or you talking to me?"

"I've gotten so used to imagining how it would be with you, how I wanted it to be with you, I don't really know. I know just looking at your body and your hard-dripping cock, I don't need any verbal stimulus."

"Take another drink of wine and lean back. Don't take your eyes off my cock. I want you to imagine the smell and taste of that boy's ass juice as you licked it off my shaft and my head. Think how those tender lips surrounded my head, quivering in their not knowing exactly what to do next. But you knew instinctively to take my head into your mouth and begin using your tongue. That came naturally for you. Is that some love liquid I see beginning to ease itself out of your slit?"

"Just because you're beginning to drip doesn't mean I'm giving you my cock so easily. Stand up. Move the table to the corner of the room. Now get on your back on the carpet with your legs facing the chair and your head between my feet. I don't want you touching yourself. I want to see your love juice flowing out over your head. That may take a while, but I doubt it. Don't move. I'm going to move forward so the tip of my cock is above your mouth. I want you to open your mouth and I am going to let my pre-cum drip into your mouth. I want you to taste my juice. I'll be dripping in a moment or two. I know how turned on I am about the thought of fucking you. See, all I have to do is mention fucking you and the juice begins to flow. That's right. Catch it in your mouth. Now swirl my juice around in your mouth and taste all of it as you swallow. You're going to need to open up again. Can you see the droplets beginning to fall into your mouth? Can you taste me? Lick your lips with my pre-cum. Run your tongue over the edge of your moustache and don't forget your lower lip. I have lost control. Take all of it. Open and close as it flows out of me. I don't want you to lose any of it. I want it to coat the inside of your mouth. I want you to taste it as it slides down your throat. "Now, I am going to squat over your face. I want you to smell my cock, my balls and my ass. Don't touch yourself. I may do that as you inhale my odors. Are these the smells you remember?

Umut is burning inside. The taste of his father's pre-cum has driven a shaft of desirous sensation through his entire body. He wants more than anything to have his hand around his dick and his father' cock in his mouth. The Turk dangles his hairy balls just above Umut's lips. Umut is inhaling the fresh body scent of his father. The scent arouses him. At that moment, the Turk, who has been collecting his pre-cum in his hand, dips the finger of his right hand into the cupped liquid, leans forward and anoints the base of Umut's cock. The Turk is happy. There is almost a burst of pre-cum that spews forth. Umut lifts his head and kisses his father's balls as his father trails his finger up the shaft and onto the head of Umut's cock. The Turk presses his balls against Umut's mouth. Umut opens his mouth and accepts one of the elongated orbs into his mouth and savors its size and mobility. Umut focuses his entire being on the feelings of his tongue as it moves around what has become the center of Umut's world. There is not a thought of anything to come. For Umut, the moment of sucking and licking on one ball and then the other while drinking in the smell of his father's perfectly clean ass with its indescribable masculine power turns almost into a dream. Umut loses consciousness in his absorption into this exchange with his father. He had imagined he would suck him off and then he would jack off. He had no idea his father is so creative and sensitive; in a word, hot. Umut is loving everything his senses are feeding him.

The Turk is now covering Umut's cockhead with his pre-cum and lightly squeezing the shaft, enjoying the convulsive jerk of Umut's body. Umut sucks harder on his father's balls.

"That's right, son. Suck on them hard. Make me feel them. Try getting both of them In your mouth at the same time. You'll love that feeling, my two balls crowding out your cheeks as your tongue moves from under one to the other. Swallow one ball and then go after the other. Slowly suck it in and soon both will be inside your mouth and my hair can tickle your lips while you make my balls feel like the brothers they are, together, giving me my manliness and masculinity.

"Let's take our time. We have all the time in the world to excite ourselves. You can release my balls, and get a taste of my ass. I want to feel your mouth grasping at my hole. Kiss my hole and hold your lips on it while you breathe in my aroma, my smell, my essence. Umut raises his head with his strong neck muscles and plants his mouth squarely over the Turk's butt hole. The Turk instructs Umut not to try penetrating him yet, but the Turk would enjoy feeling his tongue encircle the perimeter of his hole.

"Now, I want you to go back to my balls. Lick them. Fondle them with your tongue and then suck them both inside your mouth at the same time. Feeling them squeezed together by your lips and cheeks is something I've never felt before. I like the feeling. Keep on playing with them. You can move your tongue quickly or you can move your tongue slowly. You can wiggle the tip over any surface. Oh, yes. That's it. Bring them together. Roll them around."

While Umut is zoning out on his father's nuts, the Turk, still dripping, jacks teasingly, Umut's cock. The Turk is guaranteed a body jerk and an extra strong squeezing of his balls whenever he flicks the underside of Umut's head. The Turk then starts working the special spot, rubbing it first in one direction and then in the other. After so much intense rubbing, Umut's legs begin to shake. After a few more moments of his balls in Umut's mouth and the sweet torture of a totally new experience for Umut, the Turk pulls back.

"Get up. We need to take a break. Let our heights become stepping stones to new highs. I haven't tasted you yet and you haven't tasted me. And we haven't even begun to give attention to our holes. Let's slow down for a moment. Have a few swallows from our glasses and watch ourselves soften. We'll soften and then that's the time that you can come over and start licking my pre-cum and spreading it around my head and shaft. I want to be so slick for your mouth that you will absorb me in a flash."

"Why did my legs and body shake when you stroked me? They've never shaken before when I jacked my dick."

"That's because you've never had the emotional connection. You've always had the superficial connection of beauty and youth, but you've never been with someone who knows you thoroughly and who has, in his own self-serving way, gotten you into my grasp. But just relax or your erection will never go down."

Umut and the Turk sit facing one another, both finding it hard to let go of their erections. Just as the feelings of intensity begin to flag, a certain look, a glance, the sight of each other's cocks, something occurs and the stiffness remains. The sweetness of the urge returns, even if ever so briefly, and stops the downward cycle toward total relaxation. Ultimately, after finishing off the bottle of wine, the dicks are relaxed. The Turk has been fairly silent so as not to arouse his son. After setting down their glasses for the last time, the Turk begins to pick the action back up. In a totally unexpected move, the Turk orders Umut onto his all fours. The Turk slides forward on the cushions, grabs his calves and pulls his legs back to his chest.

"Crawl over here and make love to my ass. Make love to my ass. You'll make me hard again and then you can suck me. In fact, I'm starting to fill out and you haven't even touched me. But that's what you want to do, isn't it? You want to suck me? Tell me. Do you want to suck me?"

"I want to suck you more than I can even imagine. To have your cock in my mouth gives me so much pleasure. I have jacked off to the thought of sucking your cock so many times I've lost track of the number. I have put my fingers in my mouth while I'm jacking off and pretended it's your dick that's in my mouth Yes, I want to suck your cock. Just looking at it drives me into a frenzy. You're the man every kid wants for a dad -- strong, successful, manly, articulate, and, above all, unspeakably sexy. You radiate sex. I know there are men who must have wet spots on their underwear after they are around you for any length of time. You are like a form of something like radium. You have an invisible force that eases itself invisibly into another person, a man or a woman. Sex is pure to you. That's how you can allow yourself to take your son, your own flesh and blood and have him worship you."

Umut stares at the Turk as he moves forward, getting ready to place his mouth on his father's hole. Umut's head is in a whirl. The wine seems to hit him in a rush. He's thinking how he has never imagined seeing his dad offering up his ass as a prelude to orgasm, and I am going to have an orgasm. I'm not just going to cum. I'm going to shake myself to the foundation of my being, knowing this experience is unduplicatable. Oh, what an ass you have, Daddy. And you're showing it to me and asking me to make love to it, to consume it while he grows stiff and full again.

Umut looks down and sees his pre-cum dripping a full stream. He catches it with his hand. Umut continues to stare at his father's hole while holding the gathered liquid in his free hand.

The Turk speaks, "Pretend you are me and it is I who am eating your ass. What would you want me to do? Would you want me to lick you and pull my ass hairs into your mouth. Wet them and cause them to curl. Then you have my hole exposed. How would you like me to treat your hole? Do you want to tickle it with your tongue? Wiggle it around? You do to me what you want me to do to you. Can you handle that?"

"Yes, Sir."

Umut, on his knees and one hand, his face within glancing distance looks at every detail of his father's body. He looks at his feet and follows down his folded legs encircled by his arms, his veins exposed down his forearms leading into the back of his hands. The bare ass cheeks with a fine line of leg hair beginning at top of the thighs, and the hole, surrounded by black, silky fine hair, almost a disguise for what lies beneath this black mist, an entry point into the inner man. And Umut is being given this man to experience and the man is giving himself totally into the interaction.

Umut first licks the hair, getting it moist and then wet, laying down a thick black mat that surrounds a perfectly symmetrical hole. For a moment, Umut lets his mind travel down into the hole, the eternal hole, the eternal force that keeps pulling us forward... almost as if he is hypnotized, he loses himself in the aura that surrounds his father's hole when he blinks his eyes. With the hole open to his sight and his having collected more of love's liquid, he takes his tongue, dips it into his pre-cum and licks the Turk's hole. Umut feels his father's body quiver.

Umut takes another dip of pre-cum and licks it around the hole. Instinctively, Umut kisses his father's ass as if he were kissing his mouth. His lips and tongue pressing sweetly the hole that has become the new focus of Umut's universe. Umut sees colors from another dimension as he continues kissing and sweetly sucking on the Turk's hole.

The Turk is allowing himself feelings he has never felt before. Having his ass eaten by his son triggers a memory of when he was a very young boy and his grandpa. The details are sketchy at best but the sensations of being eaten are bringing up a vague past that may or may not have occurred.

"See how far you can get your tongue inside me. I want you to feel the inner walls with your tongue. You'll have to suck deeply as you push the tip of your tongue into my hole. That's right. Create some suction, inhale deeply, suck as much of my hole as you can into your mouth and push your tongue inside at the same time. Make Daddy proud of you, Son. Give your old man some of your mouth muscle. Suck it as long as you want and as deeply as you want. I want your tongue to explore as deeply as possible my interior. Take some more of your pre-cum, hold it in the front of your mouth on the tip of your tongue, so when you begin to suck, the liquid will open the gates of heaven for both of us."
