 At an outside café in Izmit, not too far from the Marmara shore, Umut has just shared a glass of tea and some food with a friend who has now left. Umut is not ready to return home just yet, so he stares vacantly into the almost fantasy-like glow of the late fall afternoon.

The setting sun on the Sea of Marmara radiates as a brilliant iridescent fog throughout the atmosphere. The sheer eeriness of the seemingly inexplicable beauty causes the driver of the rental car Edward to take his foot off the gas and let the car slow down on its own. Edward has seen a great deal of the world in his time and understands the importance of place and the simultaneously unimportance of place. He is now in no rush since the rental is not due until tomorrow late in the afternoon. In his sixties, tall and fit, Edward is open to life. He loves his life and loves the possibilities each day presents. He finds the sunset incredible. The fields of sunflowers radiate a golden glow through the haze. In a moment, he understands the Barbizon painters. As he is approaching the outer limits of Izmit, Edward decides to stop, absorb the local color, have a bit to eat and drink and be on his way to Istanbul. The thought sits well with his temperament.

Seated at the seaside restaurant next to Umut's table, Edward glances at his half-finished food that lies before him. He soaks in the remaining atmosphere and sees it begin to ebb as the fog crystals no longer diffuse the light as they once had. Edward is aware of Umut as they are close to one another, and the place is sparsely populated. When their eyes finally meet, there is no flirtatious exchange. Two men acknowledge each other's presence, smile and lift their glasses. Edward blurts out, "Merhaba, Abi. That's the only Turkish I know." 

Umut smiles and says, "Merhaba," in return. He adds, "I speak a little English."

"Then come sit over here, and you can tell me all about the horrible earthquake."

As Umut moves to the new chair, he offers, "I was only a child at the time. There was damage to our home, but no one was hurt. The university took a major hit."

"I imagine that things were chaotic for a while."

"I had to stay with relatives in the country. That was a crazy time. But, now, many good things have come out of the earthquake. We build better and better. Not fall down when the earth shakes."

Umut can't help but assess the man before him. Older but not old, a man whose body is still solid, and a bearded face framed by the dark hair interwoven with the gray. Umut begins to feel his balls tingle even though he has not touched the man in any way. 

Edward looks Umut straight in the eyes. "My name's Edward and I think I would like to finish this conversation where we can be more relaxed."

Umut is not expecting so straightforward a suggestion, even seeing it as a proposition. Umut is at first embarrassed internally, but giving no hint that such a proposal affects him in any way.

"What are you thinking?"

"I've got a car and I thought if you knew of a place we could be alone... away from prying eyes."

"I see. I know a hamam where there are private areas. We could meet there."

Umut knows he can share a room with Edward at the wildest of all the hamams and gives Edward the directions. Umut follows on his bicycle.

While pedaling to the hamam, Umut envelops himself in the role of the virgin, the first time being taken by an older man, a grandfather figure. He becomes the object instead of the subject. Umut decides he wants to experience the passive role. The feelings of a woman being taken by a man fill his thoughts. He looks forward to being fondled, rubbed, licked and kissed, not by a twink he will later fuck, but by a man. The bicycle seat pushes against his erection and his ass. Umut moves slightly forward so the point of the seat is pushing against his hole. He hears within himself the sounds from the bedroom: the sighs, the deep throated breathing, and the screams of delight and the bellowing howls of his father riding into paradise. He imagines his father taking a female, making her feel her deepest feelings from his granite-like manliness. Umut relishes the domination pure sexuality unleashes in a person. He wants this experienced man to take control of him, to give the man the vigor of the youth within himself. He wants to be a teen again and be taken with mastery. Umut sees himself as the object of Edward's lust and directness. Umut chains his bike, then asks the cashier if the far back room is free, which it is. Umut gets his towel and locker key. Umut leads Edward, who is waiting in the public area, toward the back alcove.

After the somewhat labyrinthine passageway, Umut brings Edward into the cozy alcove with its massage table and divan. Umut draws the curtain and turns toward Edward.

Umut asks, "Are you a man?"

"I am a man."

"Will you take me?"

"When the time comes. Do you play soccer... oh, you call it futbol."

"Yes, I have played since I could first kick the ball. Only on amateur teams now."

"Your body looks like the players one sees on TV. Let me ask you a few questions before we get close."

"Evet."

Both men divest themselves of their towels. Each man assesses the other. Both men are pleased. Edward motions that the two nude men sit down on the cushions of the divan.

"Have you had any experience with an older man?"

"No. I have not."

"Then why at this moment with me?"

"I don't really know. In fact, you make me feel submissive for some reason."

"But you are experienced?"

"If you call masturbating with your cousin in the showers after practice and a "professional" masseur in training and masturbating."

"What are your fantasies when you masturbate?"

Umut pauses for a second. His masturbatory fantasies are the inmost part of his self-generated sexual life. And yet the probing and the verbalizing of his thoughts were tantalizing.

"Wow! You go right for the throat."

"It's the only way we will turn each other on. Sex is the most basic, most intimate act there is besides prayer, however you want to define it in any religion. So, tell me what are your fantasies when you masturbate?"

"I go back and forth between two fantasies. I remember sometimes the time in the shower with my cousin and the other is imagining my dad fucking."

"And how do you translate that into your fantasy?"

"I don't understand."

"What are the actions you are doing when you cum?"

"I use my hand to jack my dick."

"And what do you do with the other hand?"

"Different things."

"Like what?"

"I rub my body and play with my nipples and sometimes I pinch my nipple just as I'm shooting off."

"Do you finger your ass?"

Again, Umut is at once turned on by the directness of this man, but Umut feels he is defenseless against the torrent of energy he is now feeling.

"Yes."

"Did you ever suck on that finger while you are cumming?"

Umut feels that the deepest and darkest of his actions would always be secret and this man, this stranger is revealing secrets as if they were public knowledge.

"You don't have to answer that if you don't want to."

"I want to. Yes, I sucked on that finger after I had fingered myself and sometimes I will fuck my ass with more than one finger and as I am in the various stages of cumming, I bring those fingers to my mouth and suck on them as if they are my father's dick that has been fucking my ass."

"You want it that bad?"

"Yes. I want it that bad."

"Have you ever kissed a man with passion?"

"No."

"Come over here, and kiss my lips."

Umut moves closer to Edward who is relaxing, exposed, on the cushioned divan. Umut studies the youthful red lips beneath the moustache and above the beard. Umut tickles his own lips as approaches the actual kiss. Edward reaches up from behind and runs his open hand over the back of Umut's head. Umut makes contact, lips to lips, and Umut melts at what passes between them. Their lips are perfectly matched and the mere pressure of the kiss, without any movement, is enough to convey their feelings. When Edward licks Umut's cheek and then kisses his neck, Umut knows how much he wants to be taken, how he wants his nipples sucked and his ass penetrated.

Edward ends the kissing.

Edward stands up. "Indulge yourself and begin by getting on your knees and getting me rock hard."

Umut puts his towel under his knees and places himself dead center in front of Edward's cock. The cock is only slightly filled. Umut takes the soft head into his mouth and even absorbs part of the shaft. Umut places his hands on Edward's thighs while he jiggles Edward's cock in his mouth. Umut's quick tongue movements cause Edward's cock to expand in Umut's mouth. Both men are pleased with the result. Edward's cock grows as it fills out, giving Umut unanticipated and unexpected pleasure. Edward looks down at this young early 20's athlete sucking his cock and taking in almost all of the shaft as his dick gets harder and harder.

Umut finds a happiness in the growing and ultimately firm cockhead. He imagines it to be his father's cock, the cock he has always wanted once he realized what desire and delight was inside him. Umut envelopes Edward's head and plays with it, teasing it, reveling in its fullness and mushroom shape, the same shape as his father. Umut feels gratitude for such pleasurable sensations that flood his body. Edward is feeling gratitude for the hunky stud on his knees, sucking his cock.

Edward reaches around Umut's backside and runs his hand down between Umut's ass cheeks and lightly rubs Umut's hole. Umut nearly bites down hard on Edward's cock, but he catches himself as he realizes the sensitive touch of his hole. Umut remains in his prayerful position as Edward reaches down with both hands and begins tweaking both of Umut's nipples. Umut hums a positive indicator, as Edward continues to work Umut's nips.

Bringing that part of the session to a close, both men position themselves in the sixty-nine position and enjoy sucking each other's dicks. Umut welcomes the playful action Edward is giving his ass cheeks while Umut is soaking in his father and Edward simultaneously with his gratifying sucking and his knowing he is to be taken, taken gently, but taken, and fucked.

Edward, finding himself unable to contain himself, begins working on Umut's hole. First, he merely rubs the surface with his finger. And later his moistened finger begins the ritual penetration of the orifice he is working to open. Umut consumes Edward's cock and responds willingly to Edward's penetrating finger. Umut envisions the rock-hard dick now in his mouth and pushing against the back of his throat being fucked against his hole.

Edward places a pillow under Umut's ass and raises his hole within eating distance.

"You want to feel what a woman feels when a man eats her out. I'll give you a demonstration. You let me know if your ass likes what I'm doing to it."

Edward begins by licking away the blonde curly hair that surrounds a flawless hole of inestimable beauty. He applies his lips to the hole and begins licking, slowly at first and then building to an aggressive kissing, licking and sucking all at once.

The movement from one finger to three and then four tells Edward that it was time to take Umut's ass and fuck him. Umut, wanting to be taken, to be driven into aided in Edward's treatment of his hole. Edward nuzzles Umut's neck as Umut brings his legs up to allow Edward's cock to rest against his hole. Well lubed and opened, Umut's ass welcomes Edward's cock aggressively, giving back to Edward the thrust he makes go to the base of his cock.

Umut doesn't hold back. "Fuck me, Daddy, fuck me!!"

Edward buries his cock deeply into Umut's ass as he buries his beard and lips into the side of Umut's neck. Umut is delirious. The two men do the dance of the ages, the dance of desire, the dance of taboo sexuality.

"Jack it, Umut. Jack it. I want to get in rhythm with you. While you jack, and I fuck, we work together. How do you like your ass being worked over?"

"I'm overwhelmed. You create heat inside me where I have never felt anything."

"Let's cum together, son. You let me know when you're getting close and I'll work the edge of your ass which makes me come at will."

"I'm getting ready. Hit me. Fuck me. Fuck me. I'm cumming."

"I'm cumming, too. Arrrgggghhhh."

"Hit me, Daddy, fuck me deep. I want to feel you. I want you to push every bit of juice out of this boy."

Edward re-enters Umut's ass and fucks him a bit longer.

Soon, Edward allows Umut's tight ass to force his relaxed dick out of Umut's ass. Edward lowers Umut's legs. Umut pulls Edward on top of him and squirms a bit to mix their juices. Umut and Edward lie there until that internal element agrees that it is time to separate and go one's separate way.