 My induction to man sex was planned, but not by me. I had been friends with Gabe and Dot for about six months. We all worked at the same place and would stop for a few beers when we got off. We enjoyed a lot of the same things so we started hanging around together. What I did not know was that both of them were gay and used each other for “cover” (our job is at a lone company and the branch manager is as straight laced as they come. Hence, any suspicion about Gabe and Dot having relations and both of them would be fired on the spot. Unfair, but true; the manager did not allow any sexual permissiveness’, straight or gay. Here let me say I often wondered how Gabe was able to conceal his affection for Dot (boy, little did I know he really had desires on). She was one hot looking fox and was it not for my friendship for Gabe I would have tried to have a go at her my self.

My turn on came one Friday afternoon when we got off of work. Another fox, Deb, a close friend of Dot’s, joined us at our favorite Lounge and soon we were all pretty well lit. Deb then invited us all to her house in the country. Once there we all continued to drink, at least I thought we all did, but now I know I was the one who did most of the drinking. However, this was only the first part of their plan. The second came when Deb started putting the ‘rush’ on me. She started pressing her self against me and she had opened the top buttons on her blouse allowing me a full view of her beautiful tits. I glanced over and saw Dot had her blouse off and was bare breasted and Gabe had taken his shirt off. Deb quickly shed her blouse and she and Dot began comparing tits. Man I knew I was going to get fucked (but not by who I thought).

Next thing I know they were naked and comparing their shaved pussies. “Hey! What about you guys? Don’t you think you have on too many clothes?”

Boy in a flash I shed my clothes, or a least as fast as I could in my alcohol state. But soon Gabe and I stood naked in all our glory. I with my 6-½ inch cock. Gabe with his at least 7 inch cock (7 ¾ I letter found out).

“All right guys if you want any let us see you compare cocks. You sure enjoyed us comparing tits and pussies,” stated Deb.

“I er…I don’t know…” I stammered, “I have never touched another man’s…”

“Hell how different can it be from feeling our own?” asked Gabe reaching for my cock.

The touch of his hand caused my cock to grow even harder, but I sure did not want to touch his cock. Deb took care of this. Stepping close to me and pressing her tits and pussy against my naked side she took my hand in hers. Lost in the sexual rush of her body pressed to my I unconsciously let her place my hand on Gabe’s cock. I had never touched another man’s cock before and had never wanted to and would not have done it then had I not been drunk and wanting to fuck Deb so bad I could almost taste her pussy. But it would not be pussy I tasted.

The feel of Gabe’s cock surprised me – it was hot, hard, and soft all at the same time. I would have turned lose but Deb kept her hand on mind so I could not. Dot walked over and handed me my drink, which I downed all in one swallow. My drink tasted funny but before I could comment everything sort of blacked out. I was not passed out, but I had no control over my voice or action. I remember Deb pushing me to my knees and Dot putting Gabe’s cock against my lips.

“Stop!” I tried to say. But when I opened my mouth to speak Gabe’s cock slid into my mouth.

I wanted to pull my mouth off but Gabe was holding my head so I could not. About that time Deb let me lose and to keep from falling I put my arms around Gabe’s ass. 

I could hear Gabe from what seem far away talking to me, “Yes baby…suck it good…Man you have one hot mouth.”

Then I thought I heard was someone asking me, “Want me to fuck you?”

I saw Deb’s face, but her voice sure sounded a lot like Gabe’s. Gabe’s cock pulled out of my mouth allowing me to answer. Looking at Deb and thinking I was talking to her, I mumbled, “Yes…Fuck me…please fuck me…I’m so fucking hot…”

The last thing I remember was a terrible pain in my ass that I could not understand. When I came back around I had a bitter salty taste in my mouth and my ass was burning like it was on fire. “Oh…” I moaned, “My ass…”

“Not any more. You have been turned out…” I heard someone answer.

I opened my eyes and when they came into focus, I saw Dot and Deb entwined in each other’s arms. Gabe was setting on one side of me on the couch just in front of my face. He was turned toward me so his wet shinny cock was just a few inches in front of my face. I would soon learn it was wet and shinny from my mouth. I tried to get up but there was a weight on me that was moving up and down causing my ass to burn. It was then I realized my ass was draped over the end of the couch and someone was fucking me – no wonder my ass was burning. I tried to get up but Gabe and the other man held me down.

“Leave me alone you fucking fagots,” I shouted.

“Not us. You are the Fagot,” replied another man who was standing by the big screen TV. He was butt naked and his cock was sticking straight out. 

He then turned on the TV. What I saw completely destroyed me. There on the TV I was sucking Gab’s cock and two other men were playing with my ass and cock. Then Gabe pulled his cock out of my mouth and I heard myself begging him to fuck me(I thought I was talking to Deb). For the next hour I watched my self be fucked by all three men and watched my self suck each of their cocks I saw their cum run out of my mouth and heard my self beg over and over for them to fuck me. I saw me with my legs up in the air as the man by the TV named Bart fucked me while Gabe sucked my cock. All the time I was screaming, “Fuck me! Fuck me, ride me hard.” I was so fucked up I thought it was Deb on me and Gabe’s mouth was her pussy. I really thought I was fucking Deb and all the while a man was pounding his cock in to my ass.

I had become so sicken by what I was watching that it caught me by surprise when I felt the man fucking my ass shoot another load of cum into my already sloppy cum filled ass causing me to exclaim, “Ohhhhh…”

“Like it don’t you?” laughed the man who had just deposited another load of cum in my well-fucked ass. 

“Leave me alone you assholes,” I shouted at them as the man who had just fucked me pulled his cock out of my ass.

When he got off me I tried to get up but all I could do was get up on my knees because Gabe was holding me by the back of my neck. With my ass raised I could feel the man’s cum seeping ot my ass and running down my ass crack and over my balls.

“Man look at the cum run out of his pussy. Get a picture of it instructed Gabe.

I tried to struggle free but could not. Gabe turned my head sideways so my face would show in the picture. Not only did they take a ‘still’ picture, but they videoed it as well. Looking at the TV I could see my ass semi-gaped opened with cum seeping out of it and down my balls and cock. The warm cum caused my cock to start to get hard. The man with the camera noticed this and ordered, “Get him up so we can all see how this bitch likes it.

Gabe lifted me up with one hand on my neck and the other on my hardening cock. “Looks like we done turned us a whore out for sure,” laughed Ed, the man who had just fucked me.

“For sure,” agreed Gabe pulling me close to him and giving me a kiss.

I tried to turn my head and this caused Gabe to get mad. “Turn the fucking camera off while I set this cock sucker straight on a few things.”

When Ed cut the camera off Gabe let go my cock and slapped me upside my head so hard I would have fallen had not the other man, John, grabbed me.

“I am only going to tell you this once. You have seen the pictures of you being fucked and sucking cock with cum running out your mouth and ass as you beg for more. If you want these pictures delivered to your job and around town and on the Web just piss me off one more time. If I want to kiss you, fuck you or have you suck my cock – you will whenever and wherever I want. GOT IT? You are my Pussy-boy whore from now on. You have been turned out – your mouth and ass belong to me and my friends. Any shit from you and the whole world will see your fagot ass being fucked and your pussy mouth full of cock begging for more. UNDERSTAND!!!”

Looking up into Gabes face I knew he meant it. He could and would ruin my life if I refused him. Numb with shame and humiliation I knew indeed I would have to do whatever Gabe wanted. I would have to be his pussy-boy whore. Completely defeated, I nodded my head yes.

But this was not good enough for Gabe. “Speak up, I want to hear you beg me to let you be my Pussy-boy.”

Conquered and crushed, I timidly mumbled, “..yes..”

Gabe’s hand tightened on my neck, “Speak up. I want to hear you beg to be my whore.”

Relinquishing the last vestige of my man hood, I begged, “Please let me be you Pussy-boy whore.”

Even this final degradation was filmed by Ed. As I spoke I saw and heard me beg on the TV screen as Gabe held my cock in his hand and smiled at me. Then Gabe took the kiss I no longer refused. Recorded for all the world to see, I received my first man kiss with cum on my face and running down my legs from my well fucked ass. I was turned out. I was Gabe’s Pussy-boy.

“At least its private and no one will ever know I was turned out” I tried to console myself not realizing that before the week was out I would be turned out publicly...

Let me know what you guys think. Email me at the link below.

Thanks,   

Ted 