 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

The showers are over. Both men are squeaky clean, facing each other as they lie on the cushions.

The Turk and Umut study each other in the silent afterglow.

"We could go at it again, but let's not. We've got all weekend. We can do all kinds of sexual things... watch each other drip and then jack off, timing our cumming so we see each other spurt out our milk. Or I could jump on your bones, ram a few fingers up your ass and take you like a cheap whore. We can do anything we want to. Or we can pick up where we left off: your dick down my throat and my dick down your throat. Gets you hard just thinking about it and you just shot the hottest load of your life. That's how hot it is between us. Now that we've crossed the line, we are two men who find in each other the hottest experience of our lives."

The Turk empties the bottle of wine and each man relaxes before they head into bed.

"You want me to hold it, don't you? You want the man in your life to hold your cock and feel it. You want my cock between your legs and pushing up against your hole. That's what you'll get, but that's all you are going to get, despite the fact we could fuck like rabbits right now and both of us would be aroused as we could be. But let us sleep and dream of the sex that we will make a reality."

Umut feels a safety in the sensuality of his father's hand upon his cock. That strong arm crossing over his body and the Turk's cockhead pressing against his hole make sleep impossible, Umut thinks, but in the reality of the feelings, he loses himself and drifts into such a deep sleep, when he awakens in the morning, he is back to back with the Turk.

The Turk sleeps soundly, dwelling on the product of his loins, Umut, his son.

The next morning, they exchange pleasantries over coffee.

"Or do you want me to rub my beard between your legs as I pull your dick forward with my mouth, letting the hair of my beard spoil the inside of your thighs. I wouldn't hold on to your dick for too long. I wouldn't want to spoil you. All I would want to do is tease you and watch you drip. You have no idea how turned on I am watching your love juice flow out of you, knowing it's me and what we can do together that gets your fluids seeping out without any reservation. It is the fountain of life for me. Is looking at me that stimulating for you?"

"That's what gets me hard, looking at your hard dick with its glistening head and effortless juice. I do wonder if it's not just sex with you rather than it being sex with me."

"Never doubt, Son, the ease with which I flow in front of you is because I am in front of you. Your manhood, a manhood that came from my cock, from my loins and is given to the world, and is now given to me. It will never be as hot with another person as it is with me, and yet we cannot be together forever. You are a young man and you must explore the world. And business will take you away from me. Your company will send you to another country, probably Bucharest, because your English is so good. You will become a liaison and you will be very successful, and whenever we meet and are alone, the juices will always flow because you are mine and are from my body."

Umut sits at the table, nude and hard. The sight of the Turk gives him joy: the man consumes him. Umut finishes his cup of coffee and unthinkingly lifts the empty cup to his lips. Umut sits totally aroused.

"We have today and the morning tomorrow. I suggest we get some food we can eat off all day long... and spend the day teasing each other, but not allowing ourselves to cum. We can suck and jack, and sixty-nine, even, and I can begin working your ass. I'll find the girl in every man and you will be so hot, my finger will almost make you cum... and three or four fingers will prepare your ass for my cock: this cock. Look at it. You want to touch it and play with it. See even talking about it makes me show a little liquid excitement. You want to nuzzle your face in my belly while you suck my dick. And you are welcome to do that, but you will not make me cum. You can take me many times, but not to orgasm. I'm going to save my orgasm, your orgasm, our orgasm when I shoot off deep inside you, and you become my manhood, an extension of myself. We become one, you and I. That bond will not be broken ever, that moment of total oneness. How does that sound to you?"

"I think hanging out with you naked and open all day and playing with each other is something I would really like to do. Can I suck on you before I go get the food?"

"Sure. Are you dripping yet?"

"I have the feeling it is going to start any time now."

"I want to see you shine... maybe not a whole lot, but just a drop about to hang over the edge of your hole. That's all I want to see. You can't foece it out, so when you're ready, that's when we can start to play."

Umut continues to drink his coffee and eat on his sweet roll, his dick hard and he imagines his face in the Turk's furry belly while his fat cock fills his mouth. As Umut looks at the Turk and his easily hard and dripping dick, he, too, falls into the world of sexual abandon. Twitching his tongue around the Turk's belly button and slowly kissing his head while breathing the sex from his body, that sweet manliness that takes him to another world, and, all of a sudden, Umut looks down and his dick is dripping the love liquid. Umut shows it to the Turk.

"OK, crawl over here and you can hold my cock and when I have spewed enough juice, you can take your hand and cover my cock in my own juice and jack me. You can't suck me. You can suck me when you come back from the restaurant. Until then you can play with me with your hands. At that moment, Umut kisses the furry belly button. The Turk responds with a sudden jerk.

"I wasn't expecting that. You know how to treat a man," the Turk utters as he places his hand gently on Umut's head that is licking all the Turk's stomach.

Umut looks up at the Turk, "Holding and working your cock is a real turn on for me. Everything we do is a turn on. Even the thought of doing something with you is a turn-on. That is how much you consume me. Sure, I continue with my studies and my work, but my emotion is to have sex with you. I don't want sex at the hamam. I want sex only with you.

Umut takes three of his well lubed fingers and places them in his mouth and sucks on them, giving himself the feeling that he has given himself so many times before while shooting off his load as he jacked off.

"Jack me some more and suck on my nipples. You'll learn how to chew on them and drive a shaft of pleasure and pain through my body and dick. But right now, just take my left one and use your tongue and lips on it. No teeth at this point."

Umut works his way up the Turk's hairy chest. Umut licks the hair away from the nipple and begins circling the tip with his tongue. After using his tongue, Umut kisses the nipple and then slowly sucks on it. Umut's hand is still working the Turk's juice up and down his shaft while he is teasing the head. The Turk moans and Umut uses both his tongue and lips on the Turk's nipple as he jacks him slowly. Umut reaches down and brings up some love juice of his own to the party happening on the Turk's dick.

The Turk seeks to torture himself with pleasure while he has the time, so he terminates the present scene.

"Get up, turn around, bend over, pull your cheeks apart and show me your hole. I want something concrete to dwell upon while you are gone."

The Turk leans back in his kitchen chair and looks down at his well-lubed and hard cock.

Umut goes his way to get a roast chicken, four lahmajoons, pilav, some fruit and even a couple bottles of wine to drink.

The Turk has fallen in love with his own son in a way that he wants his son to know the nature and extent of sexual stimulation. His erection is slow to disgorge the blood of his desire, for every time he thinks of his son and what is happening at this very moment, he begins to harden. The Turk turns on the news so he can stop thinking about the sex that is coming his way when his son returns.

When Umut returns, and puts everything in its place, the Turk suggests they shower together. The Turk has become erect watching his son. Umut is hard in his pants and undresses quickly. Soon the two are washing each other's bodies. The Turk's hairiness lends toward a foamy, soapy lather build up which Umut uses to stimulate the Turk's nipples at the same time. Umut feels the innate steel of the Turk's chest. His nipples sit upon solid, hardened muscle. The Turk soaps Umut's cock while Umut works on the Turk's nips. With his other hand, the Turk slips his fingers between Umut's ass cheeks and touches ever so lightly, Umut' hole. The Turk withdrawals his finger instantaneously. Umut lathers up the entire area and rubs the palms of his hands over the Turk's chest, squeezing the solid pecs and encircling the nipples. The Turk is washing Umut's balls with both hands, playing a trading game with his nuts as they go from hand to hand. As Umut continues to stimulate the Turk's chest, he stares into the Turk's eyes and is met with a depth of compassion and union he has not expected. Both let themselves retreat into a state of silence, the water rinsing off their bodies as they stand motionless as if they have entered another world. Before they realize it, they are kissing, a mutual kiss of total exchange. They are kissing themselves and each other simultaneously. Finally, the sound of the spraying water brings Umut and the Turk back to the present reality of hardened dicks and clean bodies.

They dry off and sit again at the table and have some lahmajoon as they sip on the wine.

"You really get into your old man, don't you?"

"I don't know what to say. I have had sexual feelings for you as long as I can remember. I don't know when it began; probably about four or four and a half. If I walked into your room and touched something that was yours, I got a really pleasant warm feeling. And then when you would hold me, it was like nothing else that I had ever felt. I didn't dwell on those times. It's just when they occurred, I was happy. I had a feeling of contentment, of safety. The feeling did scare me when I was with another guy about 10 or 11 years old, and I felt the same warmth that I felt around you. I got scarred that someone else, a man, could make me feel that way. I didn't want that to be my life's path since it is a difficult one. I hated pretense and couldn't see myself marrying, pretending to love a woman and want a family, when all I wanted was to be near you and one day, like today, be able to be totally sexually open with you."

"All men engage in pretense at one point or another in their lives."

"Has your life been a pretense? Have you loved my mother?"

"The love you talk about is romance... and romance is like the fog. It vanishes with the first light of reality. Yes, I married your mother out of pretense, the pretense that you so clearly state. Nothing is worse than living as an outcast, a pariah in one's own society. It doesn't matter which sex you prefer, it is a matter of appearances. You want to know why I want to fuck you so badly. It's not because I'm not satisfied at home or I enjoy the purchased pleasures for the sake of appearances. It's because I have a friend, a friend since we were twelve years old. Over the years, he became passive sexually even though he is manly. I enjoy fucking him. We each have wives and children, but we have been a couple all these years. It doesn't mean I love your mother any less. It means that when love is not the ruling force, then sex can take its place. To fill you as you cum with my cream is my strongest desire, to open you up to receive me, and let me fill you completely. I know your ass must be twitching at the thought of having all this inside you, and you're in control of my orgasm as you are in control of your orgasm, and when you tell me you're cumming I will let the throttle wide open and spew my man juice deep within you as you squirt your load on the pillows, your face, your chest and finally your stomach. And then the final droplets will drool out of your cock as your ass squeezes my cock in lessening spasms. Your eyes will tell me when to pull out, but you won't want me to pull out because of the way I make you feel, filling your ass and giving you a satisfaction you have never felt before."

At the end of the Turk's impromptu response, Umut looks down to see his juice easing itself out of his dick. The Turk smiles.

"Why don't you stand up in front of me, and let me lick that sweet cock of yours. I may even suck on it a bit."

Umut stands up, placing his cockhead within inches of the Turk's mouth. The Turk leans forward, and barely parting his lips, the tip of his tongue and his lips touch the head at the same time. The Turk is restraining himself. He wants to suck that head into craziness and then deep throat the entire package. Now, however, the Turk is working his son. He is showing his son that the focus of delicate movement can be just as stimulating as hard fucking. The Turk is taking the bloom of youth and turning it into a flower. The pedals of newly responding nerves are opening within Umut. The Turk wants these feelings to be part of the prelude to the climatic finish. The Turk is keeping control. Umut places his hands on the Turk's shoulders as the Turk continues doing magical things to the head of his cock. The Turk applies his own juices to the cockhead and swirls his tongue around the glans, and then shooting his tongue underneath the head, he flicks it, causing Umut to jerk back.

"You must really like that move."

"What can I say? You're driving me crazy because there's so much more I want to be doing."

"That will happen in good time. You're blossoming. Connections are being made inside of you that will last a lifetime, and I want those connections to run as deep as they can. Don't you think I just want to gobble up your cock and gag the back of my throat with its head to the point of explosion? Of course, I do. But it's like you are in training, learning how to take your time. Let's change places and this time you are playing with my head while I stand in front of you."

The men change places. Umut holds back himself and allows time to simply observe the Turk's rock-hard majesty before him. His impulse is to kiss the head, but he restrains himself. The actual touching of the head with his lips and tongue becomes a sacred act as if there is a holiness in the Turk's erection. Umut is blinded by the totality of the fulfillment he has always wished for. This is what he has dreamed and imagined over and over. The Turk freely giving of himself to Umut, who has wanted to touch, serve, and enjoy the Turk's cock seemingly since he developed consciousness. Umut is unable to resist the pre-cum about to fall to the floor. With his tongue, he licks the juice, kissing the head with his lips. Umut jacks himself while playing with the Turk's cockhead. Umut milks the glans with his lips as his tongue moves up and down the Turk's piss slit. Ultimately, the head of the Turk's cock, only the head, is contained within Umut's mouth. Umut is slowly stroking his own self lubed cock as he is ravished by the possession of the Turk's cockhead. The cockhead he has seen throughout his life is his. Umut is not furtively substituting his fingers as he jacks; he is experiencing the real thing, the fat purple cockhead the Turk sports so easily, so well-shaped and so hard, so well defined his tongue is able to find all sorts of erotic spots. Without thinking, Umut begins to feel himself getting ready.

"I have to stop," Umut utters as he pulls away. "I'm way to close. I think I need to be across the room from you, I am so close."

"OK. You just need to calm down. Why don't we take a break anyway, and have something to drink? All I can say is I'm having something I've wished for but would never have acted upon had it not been for that young one you were fucking when I came home early."

"Let's forget our cocks for a second and concentrate on that other sexual organ, the ass and its ability to send you into another world. Get up and show me your ass. Bend over and spread your cheeks. I want to drink in the image of your hole, so I can hold it deep within me. The price we pay for what we are doing is that it can happen only this one time. To turn our desire for each other into an affair would end up destroying us both. We can have this one time and that is all, no matter how much we lust for one another. The rules of life must prevail. We are given this moment to seize and seizing it we are. That's right. Don't pull too hard. I just want to see the hole so I will have a memory I can pull from at any time. The memory will get me started and then I will remember the texture of every surface of your cock and I will have the memory of your ass because that's where we want it to end. You want to give yourself to me and by taking me completely you have given your total being to me as I give mine to you. I'm going to touch your hole now."

Umut tightens in anticipation of the coming touch. Umut relaxes his hole and immediately tightens again as the end of the well-lubed thumb touches the outer perimeter, slowly circling the area but not touching the entry to the hole itself. Umut's hands are resting on his knees as he feels the thumb rub and press and rub and press. Then the first finger does its dance around the outside of the hole The middle finger becomes a bit more aggressive and focuses in on the center of hole. Still teasing the hole's outer edge, the middle finger urges itself from time to time inwardly, reaching the first band of muscles that remain unmoved and tight. But with more solicitation and some crystal love juice, the muscles receive the penetration with a soft and giving relaxation. When the Turk gets his middle finger inside to the second knuckle, he suggests that Umut get on his back with his ass in the air, so the Turk can continue to expand the playground not only with one finger but with more. The edges of his first finger and ring finger work the outer ring while the middle finger goes more deeply into the ass and brazes the prostate. Umut moves with the fingers and pushes upwards as the Turk lets his first and middle finger find the smooth path of invasion. Umut doesn't realize he is being opened. All Umut feels is a pleasure unlike he has felt before, no matter how he treated his ass. Two fingers become three fingers and the ass is opened. The Turk withdraws his fingers, places them under Umut's nose. The Turk jacks on Umut's cock as he opens Umut's mouth and inserts his three fingers into Umut's mouth. Umut nearly loses consciousness his level of response is so overwhelming. He grabs the Turk's arms and squeezes them with his vise-like grip. Umut nods his head. He wants the Turk to push his fingers farther into his mouth. The Turk is working the head of Umut's cock. Umut begins gag and moan. The Turk withdraws his fingers, releases Umut's cock, and announces, "I think we need to take a break. Let's have some of that chicken and finish off that first bottle of wine."

The sexual activity is followed by another trip to the shower together. This time, with the gargling and swallowing of the soapy water is out of the way, both men wash each other, the Turk's fingers finding the recently opened hole with his soapy lubrication, the Turk finds giving Umut one finger easy and as Umut bends over to make his ass more available, he takes the Turk's dick in his mouth and sucks on it vigorously. The Turk eases a second finger into Umut's hole. Umut sucks the rock-hard erection he has fantasized about and takes as much of it as he can against the back of his throat. The Turk begins fucking Umut's mouth, withdrawing completely and then inserting the head. Only the head, the Turk moves in and out while the hand with three fingers enters Umut's ass without any resistance. The Turk knows that after another break, Umut and he will fuck, and it be an experience he will remember, be grateful for, and regret the remainder of his life. They gargle again and rinse off completely. They towel dry and decide to take a real break and even put on some robes to hide themselves from each other, so when the time comes again, there will be a freshness and newness to the interchange.
