 I am been going to the same ABS for a few years and have had 4 or 5 guys give me multiple BJs and they were all very good. It was always the same, I go in buy my token and find a booth with at least one glory hole, start a hot str8 vid pull my cock out and start getting it hard. Soon there would be a finger or a tongue poke through the hole. That's my signal to walk over and put my cock in the hole and wait for someone to start sucking my cock and slide it down their throat until the tingling starts and I unload a hot wad of cum into their mouth.

One week last year it all started out the same, I got my tokens, found the booth, started the movie got myself hard and waited for the signal. When I saw a big fat black finger I stood up and placed my cock in the hole. I felt his hot mouth sucking my cock and leaned into the wall and prepared to be serviced, but after a few minutes he stopped sucking and I pulled out to see if he left the booth.

As I leaned over to look a BBC about 7 1/2" and very thick shot through the hole and I was horrified! What was I going to do? I remember looking at the door back at the movie with 2 black guys spit roasting a small very hot brunet, then back at the cock that was literally in my face. I guess my brain checked out, I don't know why but I reached out and put my hand around his cock and started stroking it slowly. 

After just a few second I heard him say loudly suck my cock slut! I was shocked and knew the guys in the hall and near by booths had to hear him, but I continued to stroke his cock. Again, he yelled BITCH suck my big black cock, and before he was done saying it I had the head or his cock in my mouth and was sucking the best I could.

I sucked up and down as far as I could, I licked his head like it was a lollipop slid my lips up and down his shaft and realized I was really enjoying having this strangers cock in my mouth and was sucking as good as I could. 

He started moaning and calling my a cock slut, cum whore anything he could think of and was now pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. I could not believe it, I have a BBC fucking my mouth and as much of my throat as I could allow, I choked several time and was told to relax and take this cock like the slut you are! 

Then he took his cock out and told me to unlock my door he was going to cum to my booth. WHAT! Oh shit what do I do? Well I unlocked my door and let him in. He was in his mid 20's very handsome and his cock was still out and rock hard. He grabbed me with both hands on either side of my head and forced me down to continue sucking his cock. 

He grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth again forcing his cock into my throat causing me to choke over and over, but he could care less. After a few minutes he had his cock balls deep in my throat and was holding my head there as if he was soaking his cock in my throat and it was so hot! 

He then told me to grab the cock in the hole. I had my eyes closed really getting into sucking this cock that is fucking my face. I look over and there is like a mirror image of the cock in my throat and I reached out and started to stroke it.

He said I am Steve and this is my buddy Michael. Now suck his cock and keep mine hard, I switched and immediately slid all his cock down my throat and started bobbing on his cock while stroking Steve's cock. I was made to switch back and forth for a while and then Steve told Michael to cum over to my booth, this time I was happy to have another cock closer, but I had no idea what was about to happen.

When Michael opened the door I freaked out, it was my boss and one of my wife's best friend's brother! OH SHIT! What do I do I am busted being a cocksucking slut! Well, hello Greg he said I didn't know you were a cocksucker, does Jenny know you like BBCs in your mouth. I could not answer him because Steve had his cock balls deep in my throat and was face fucking me. Then Michael grabbed me by my hair and pulled me to his cock while telling me he thinks my job title at work my change to cock slave he has a lot of friends that need a slut. 

Then I felt Steve pull my ass up and started to shove his fat finger in my ass and I thought it would rip my in two. I tried to pull away but my head was held still while being throat fucked and my waist was being held very tight. Michael took a small bottle out of his pocked opened it and told me to take 4 or 5 big sniffs and I did just as I was told. As I was taking the sniffs I noticed the booth door was still open and there was a crowd of men watching the show. After the 3 sniff I was floating and could care less what was happening and by the 5 sniff I was floating and had zero inhibitions.

Then I was immediately brought to reality as Steve stuck the head of his cock in my ass it hurt a lot for just a few seconds but he just stood still with just the head in my ass. Michael said you like a BBC cock in your pussy don't you slut? I just kept sucking his cock as the pain subsided and Steve started working his cock in and out of my "pussy" and it really started to feel good. I remember thinking I am in an ABS with a BBC in my throat and another one fucking my ass while a group of strangers were watching. 

Michael handed me the bottle again and told me to take more and I did. Steve was now ramming my ass balls deep and Micheal was using my mouth like a pussy as well. 

After a few more minutes they were just talking between themselves about how they can use me like this anytime they wish and if I ever complained they would show my wife the pictures. PICTURES! OH SHIT! then they both said they were about to cum and I wondered what they were going to do with their cum. Just then Steve grabbed my hips and buried his cock all the way up my ass and started shooting streams after stream into my man pussy and Michael started shooting his load in my mouth telling me to swallow every drop. When they were spent Michael told me to get dress and meet him at the office in 30 minutes so we could discuss my situation and what I was going to have to do to protect my reputation. You won't believe what has happen in the last year!