 I was half sitting half kneeling on the floor of an ABS with cum dripping out of my ass, cum on my face in my mouth at least the taste was still very much in my mouth. There was still a few men looking at me while I stood up gathered my clothes. Two young white guys with cocks smaller than I had just had grabbed me and used me like a sex doll, then pushed me to the cum drenched floor and left.

I got up and went to the restroom to clean up. I had to go to work, meet my boss and find out the cost of getting caught being a BBC cum rag.

As I pulled into the office parking garage I thought how bad could this be? Michael was always a very friendly guy, a friend of the family and a very cool boss. What would/could he really do? Make me suck his cock or fuck me now and then, what would be wrong with that? I really, really enjoyed what had just happened! I went straight to my office to relax and contemplate what had just happened.

I had never wanted to suck cock much less get fucked in the ass by another man, but WOW I so enjoyed it and was sitting there rethinking how hot it was. My phone rang, it was Brenda, Michael's secretary a super hot young woman that just oozes sex! Michael wants to see you in his office, she said. Oh what a rush of terror and excitement rushed over me.

As the elevator door opened I noticed Steve and a very nice looking white guy waiting for the elevator. I just nodded and walked by, but heard Steve let out a small laugh and just knew he was telling the other man what had happened. I walked toward Michael's office and Brenda told me to go on in he is waiting for you.

Michael was on the phone when I went in the office so I headed for a chair directly in front of his desk, but he stopped me by holding up his hand and motioned me over towards him. As I approached his desk I saw he was only wearing his shirt and he motioned me to get on my knees and start sucking his cock. I dropped to my knees and started licking his cock and balls as his beautiful black cock started to grow into the hottest hardest cock you have ever seen.

I continued to suck this beautiful hard cock the best I could as he was just chit chatting on the phone about last night's game.

He grabbed my hair as he stood and placed me bending over the desk and shoved a few lubed fingers in my ass he only worked then in my ass for a moment then WHAM he drove his monster cock all the way in me. Suddenly I was afraid what this may become.

He said good bye to who he was talking to and told me to get use to being a cum rag, I was now to suck and fuck any cock I was told to when and where I was told to. He said he had a lot of friends, business acquaintances and parties that I will be available for at a moment's noticed. The whole time he is listing out all the duties of his new cock loving cum slut he was fucking me hard and I shot a load on his desk.

Oh you like this don't you slut? Yes I said. Yes what? I like being your slut! Do you like getting fucked by a black cock? Yes, yes what slut? I like you fucking my ass! No, I am fucking your pussy, you are my sissy cum slut you don't have an ass you have a man pussy, I don't ever want to hear you call it an ass do you hear me and then he slapped my ass so hard it brought tears to my eyes.

Then I hear him say, Brenda come here please. WHAT? I was bent over his desk being fucked in my pussy and he is having someone come in? She walked in as if nothing special, but when I saw her body and face while taking a pounding I shoot another load. Brenda I think Greg thinks you're hot, but he is my new bitch, so if you ever need a bitch let me know I will let you and your friends use him like the cum rag he is. 

Ok, she said I will let you know, I do have a party next week and could use a party favor for the singles. They went on talking about how they could use me as if I weren't even there. It was so hot and humiliating at the same time.

Get Greg an office on this floor with a full bathroom and an empty office next to it, he is getting a rather large promotion and needs to be available at all times. After you have selected it, tell Tom to come in I want to let him know how I want the office set up. I know just the offices when do you want to see Tom? Send him in now we need to get this done. 

What? Another visitor while I am getting my pussy filled with cock! 

Brenda left and Michael said I meant it when I said you are going to be owned and used if you don't want your wife to find out. Any of my inner circle will have full use of you anyway they want. I didn't respond and he shoved his cock in my pussy as hard as he could and said UNDERSTOOD? Yes, yes I understand. Good! Just then Tom walked in and again like nothing strange going on, Hi Michael, hi Greg. What the heck has been going on in this company that I never knew about! 

Michael said take a seat Tom I am just about to fill this bitch sluts pussy full of chocolate cream and he began picking up the pace and grabbed my hips started moaning yeah bitch take this cock and then started shooting wads of cum in my pussy until I felt it running down my leg. Michael fell back in his chair and told me to start licking and sucking the mess from his cock and balls.

As I did he started telling Tom the plan what I was, what I was to be and that he also was free to use me anytime he liked. He started telling him what fixtures and furniture I was to have in my restroom to stay clean inside and out and the equipment that he wanted in my sex room. A sling, king sized bed table cock high chairs for guys to sit while being serviced, ect. Again as if I were not even in the room. Tom ask a few questions they discussed a few particulars and it was decided the bathroom and sex room would not have an obvious entry and that I was free to have Tom set up the office part as I would like. It was estimated the it would take about 3 weeks to complete. 

Michael said as the Junior Vice President of Customer Relations I would take my wife on a 3 week vacation just let him know where we would like to go no limits and the company would set it up and pick up the tab. 

Very cool, thank you I said.

It's the least I can do. By the way tell Jenny of your promotion and a very large raise, and that you will be spending a lot of time traveling with the new position. Mostly your position will be on your knees or your hands and knees and he laughed out load.

I have for the last year been fucked by many BBCs and swallowed a lot of chocolate cream and it has always been a blast. They are never violent and very professional when I am not being used. I sometime go to other cities just to spend a night in a very nice hotel servicing a friend or whoever I am told. There was the one trip to Oklahoma City where I walked into a penthouse suite to find several very nice looking young men having a party and I was the entertainment!