 This story is graphic! If gay sex, public sex or forced sexual situations offend you please do not read this story. ***Spoiler*** this story is about forced gay sex in public. All the names are name up.

*****

Nicks Story

"I wasn't gay!"

...

"NO seriously I wasn't."

...

"I'm not gay now!"

...

"This is a big miss understanding."

...

"Look Sir this is what happened..."

Tyler and I were going to be late for practice, not that we are star players or anything but we had been late before so we decided to split a ride share together.

"At this rate I could have just biked." Tyler was getting upset but I knew he wouldn't leave me behind to look like an idiot.

He was my dorm-mate, teammate, fraternity brother and best-friend from second grade. We were closer than most but nothing weird I swear to God.

"Come on you know I don't have a bike and the gym is on the other side of campus, there is no way," I leaned over to look at his phone.

"She is here," Tyler and I did a double take. "In a fuck'in little car." I had known Ty long enough to know a "this is your fucking fault" face.

I awkwardly looked at my phone, I had a few text.

[Just now] Johnathan: dude coach is pissed AF!

[2:33 pm] Sahara Big @$$: Asshole! >:O

[2:30 pm] Jessica Drunk at club 5: Not showing up for our date? ;'(

[8:35 am] Mom: Please call! your father is sick you haven't returned any of my vm. You know we... 

[3:05 am] Jessica Black jessica: U have my panties creep!

[12:00 am] (555) 555-5555: sav my number Rachael :x

I pretended to answer some text while we got into the car. It was a REAL squeeze because as you can see we are both really big guys. Tyler is at least 6'6" and I'm 6' 4" we both have beefy corn fed builds. I would say I am more muscular and tone than Tyler. I mean I don't fuck around at the gym I am a beast, I have a 6 pack!

Ty wouldn't talk to me the whole ride and by the time we got to the football stadium every one was already geared up to practice. We were only a few minutes late but the coach pulled Tyler aside. I didn't think anything of it so I just got my shit on and got out there on the field.

I was running and this asshole, Tyler, comes out of nowhere and starts shit with me.

"What the literal fuck!" he exclaimed.

"What the literal fuck you bro!" I replied. "Fuck."

"Guess what asshole we are benched this semester," Tyler was mad but I had no idea what was coming. Had I known I would have just let it go.

"Its my fault you suck?" as it turned out that maybe wasn't the right thing to say.

-A split second later!-

Tyler and I were yelling on the 40 yard line until we heard the coaches air-horn blow. "Gat'damn it!" He was mad too. Again if I had known how mad I would have just let it go.

"What's the deal benching us we are the best players on your team!" I asked nicely.

"NO!" Coach was like I said really mad, "Tyler is the best player on the team and would be quarterback if he would run with the right crowd and let your pot-smoking, clap-catching, party-crashing ass go but he has too much character and that is the ONLY thing that keeps you on the team at all.

"Your a fucking asshole," I wasn't gonna cry but maybe mist a bit from the eyes. I was humiliated this guy humiliated me. By the time he got done bitching me out everyone had already had time to casually move their training efforts within earshot. I had no choice but to walk away real indignant like. "Well fuck this shit!"

"Nick wait!" Tyler was not mad anymore but I didn't need or want his sympathy. I waked back to the dorm and got blazed, that's just weed. I passed out.

I woke up at 11pm in my dorm.

"Hey dude shower and get some clothes on you stink," it was total dickhead Tyler.

"What do you want?" I asked.

"Besides you off the sofa stinking up the common room?"

"Come off it, WHAT?!"

"Well asshole," he rolled me onto the floor. I hit the floor with a thud. I was about to knock him in the fucking face but he said-

"I'm going to Club Trap you coming?!"

"Yeah," I loved Trap! Trap is a hip-hop club. I don't go for the music I go for the parking lot. You just can't find good weed on campus. Club Trap is really far you have to take State Line road.

"My girlfriend is going to let me borrow her intrepid," I could tell Tyler wasn't as trilled as I was, I had only gotten him to try weed twice once in High-school and once Freshman year. He likes to be in control. Not that I'm not in control when I smoke. I'm in total control.

The car ride was nice we talked about the good old days and that one time when I dared him to pee on an electric bug zapper. The club was really crowded so I basically just started asking around Tyler waited in the car. I came back with some weed and gave Tyler his change, well most of it.

I hopped in and we started to drive back across State Line Road.

"Man don't light that up in here."

"I wasn't going to light this up in here," I thought about it for a second. "Well NOW I want to."

"Dude." Tyler tried to stop me but it was already too late. I was lighting up.

"Ahh man this is some really good shit." I was getting baked in the car and on the long ride home Ty started getting baked too from contact high in the closed off space.

"Man I'm getting high too pass it over." It was only the 3rd time I got him to try.

After we smoked we started to talk about stupid shit.

"Do you remember Destiny's Child?"

"Do you think Doctor who fucked aliens".

"He is an alien."

"E.T. Lives in the Star Wars movie, I mean universe."

"You got that off facebook. I'm hungry".

Well everything was normal at first but after a minute or 10 or 15 or so things started to get really weird. I thought I saw a huge dinosaur crossing the road then my heart started to speed up.

"OH fuck," I shouldn't have said that because I guess Tyler was having the same issue but was trying to hold it down a bit.

"What the fuck is going on!" He jammed on the breaks and we went off the road.

When you are already fucked up totally, going off the road can be really traumatic so I guess I was a bit unempathetic to my friends feelings on the matter of smoking bad weed. "Cool the fuck out! Fuck."

"Me cool the fuck out, this is on you, we're on fucking PCPs or something we are gonna die!"

I was starting to feel really aggressive myself, like someone had put Purgahol in my weed. Yeah Purgahol for sure, I know it wasn't good but I could feel myself not caring. I just wanted to beat the shit out of my best friend. I hurriedly got out of the car and in a hot second I was opening the drivers side door. I was just about to pull him out but he jumped at me. He was crazied with red eyes bloodshot eyes and sweat glistening off his face and neck. I didn't care. Me and him were tumbling. I guess that Purgahol made us angry.

After a good roll in the ground I calmed down. I guess we had worked most of it out of our system. Even Tyler started to go easy on me. When he started talking shit I knew the Purgahol had worn off but why wasn't he stopping? At this point he was pinning me over and over.

"Dude stop get control," I begged him.

"I am in control for the first time!" He replied in such as way that maybe showed some aggravation.

Okay...

"You keep fucking things up for me!" He continued, "Ever sense we were kids you always fuck things up and have me sticking up for you, you got me kicked off the team, you got smoke in my girls car and now she is gonna break up with me!"

"Dude we can get you a girlfriend with a car."

"NOT THE FUCKING POINT!" I had never seem him so angry it was actually really scary. I wasn't sure if I should try to get away or try to knock his block off, he was a big guy and for what he lacked in a 6 pack he made up for with grade-A American beefy mussel all over his body. He started reaching for his belt. He pulled his belt out and folded it like he was going to give me a spanking with it.

"Dude what the fuck." I really wish I hadn't have said that. He showed me just how strong he was when he turned me over on my stomach and pulled down my sweatpants in two swift movements. I scratched at the ground and was getting away but he pulled me back.

Just then I felt the first lash of his belt. Oddly it hurt but the cool air on my butt and the road on my crotch kinda make my dick hard. Normally I'm not turned on by air on my butt. "OH SHIT!" I figured it must be another effect of the drugs and if so Tyler would very soon be having the same reaction or worst!

I barely had time to have my thought before I felt a second lash and then the full weight of his body behind me. We had been in a million positions horsing around but we were never the boner buddies growing up, now I could feel his hard bulge between us and I knew I was in trouble.

"I should have shown you who was boss sooner but I never did because I felt like shit about your dad". That was a low blow.

"Fuck you!" I exclaimed. "You little cock mother fucker you don't scare me get off me I'll walk". I had seen his cock once when he was a kid and I made fun of it being small. I knew he was self-conscious about it.

"Ha ha ha." That really wasn't how he normally reacted me my low blows. "You really are a stupid bitch you don't know anything and that is about to be made clear." He pulled off his belt and finished getting his dick out of his pants.

I could feel his cock on my back. He was fully hard and he wasn't the same little boy I saw by mistake that one time taking a piss. His cock had grown a lot. He was laying flat on top of me but his cock seemed to start from somewhere below my ass to the top of my ass crack and it was plenty thick. He wasn't nearly in the right position to fuck and I didn't think he would but I was getting uncomfortable.

He started manhandling me into a position.

"Dude okay!" I could feel his cock in my ass crack now and he was looking for the hole.

"Shut up". He found my hole and started to push as hard as he could. He covered my mouth so I couldn't beg him to get off me. 

He pushed as hard as he could without hurting his dick but it just wouldn't slide in because it was too dry. He fixed that in a second. He removed his hand from my mouth to spit in it.

"Dude I'm serious, don't do this to me, it's disgusting!"

He rubbed his spit on my ass and started to push it into me. I think this time it was wet enough.

"OH STOP PLEASE!" I tried to beg. "I can feel my butt opening really stop!"

He just ignored me and kept pushing forward. What could I say? I just felt his thick circumcised cock-head push open my asshole and soon his head was actually in my butt. He just stopped for a second and let his cock rest in me.

"There it is," he pointed out.

I didn't respond I just couldn't believe it. There was a cock in my butt and it was Tyler's. Ty was my best friend. The worst part is that I could never save-face with him, he would always know I had a cock in my butt. I had no other close friends. I felt him go in a bit deeper.

"I'm gonna fuck you so good you are going to be my bitch".

I didn't respond I just grunted as I felt a disgusting cock get deeper and deeper. The drugs were having an effect on me. My cock remained hard underneath me and there was almost no pain only pressure but it was a lot of pressure.

I still didn't want to believe he stuck his dick in me. I never knew he was gay and this is sick. I could feel myself getting ready to vomit.

"Your ass actually feels good Nick". Tyler moaned and pushed his cock ever deeper into my ass. "Yeah I'm going to enjoy this".

"Stop it feels weird," I had to admit he was boss. "You're to boss I get it big guy".

"Oh I know that, and you're the bitch," Tyler agreed. He stopped moving his cock deeper just for a second as if he was making up his mind.

"This isn't cool," I begged.

He pushed in another inch or so and I could feel is shaved balls on top of mine. It was done, I had taken his full cock. I wouldn't have ever guessed that at the end of the night my best friend would bitch me. At this point he had fucked me in the ass, it was as simple as that. I had lost my manhood, it was over and we both knew it.

"Sorry bro." He pulled out a bit and for a second I thought he might let me go (maybe he would have) but instead he pushed it back in and started to slowly fuck me. "I fucking need this, might as well finish."

As he pushed back inside I felt him brush ageist my prostate. I had heard about the male g-spot but I have never tried it before on the count of it being totally faggy to try. With the pills making my cock hard and his monster softly trusting ageist my prostate with his monster cock I could see how this could feel good. Damn it was hard to describe. There was a weird intense feeling that wasn't dis-pleasurable, kind of out of context, just weird. There was also a great feeling coming from my hard cock as he trust my body ageist the ground. 

I could feel my cock oozing cum from the pressure but I didn't orgasm or shoot, more like a discharge of semen.

The most strange part of the experience was that it was Ty fucking me. I just wasn't mentally turned on, it was just a lot of sensations. I managed to leave my body for it but Tyler wanted engagement.

Tyler started to talk in a ways I couldn't have imagined. 

"You got a real sweet ass bitch." He bit my ear hard as he said that. "I'm going to fuck you on this big ass dick bro, you're my bitch." He moaned in my ear.

I didn't respond I absorbed what he was saying. Shit! What the fuck could I say.

"You like that in your pussy." He wasn't asking me he was telling me. "You're getting me hot, say it Nick."

I really didn't want to say anything he told me to say but I didn't want to piss him off. "I like it," my voice came out strained and not at all how I expected it. I could hear in my own surprised voice that I was going through a real ordeal taking his dick.

The drugs may have numbed the pain but he was really tearing my ass apart back there. I tried to free one of my hands (Tyler allowed this) and I reached back to feel his cock fucking my ass. Tyler slowed down a second to let me feel his cock.

I reached my hand around the cock that was fucking me and felt how open my ass was. I let out an audible gasp.

"Yeah you're really open for my cock," He laughed in my ear. "You are more stretched out now than any girl you have fuck huh?"

He was right. I was a good size but he was twice my size at least, this man had me open. My feelings for Tyler changed when I felt his monster cock. He is a man. "God damn you are huge."

He brushed my hand aside and resumed fucking at a faster pace. He is a man. He needs ass. He needs to cum. There was a very matter of fact inevitability at this point. He was fucking me, he liked it, I was going to make him cum and it felt good. I was still deeply ashamed and I wasn't sue if I liked it but it definitely felt good. 

It actually started to feel really really good. I whimpered underneath him as he claimed me. He beat me, dominated me and he earned my ass fair and square. It didn't feel right to stop him at this point. I was embarrassed that I didn't see what he was before.

He started to fuck harder, testing my new acceptance of the situation. I moaned in response. "You're such a fucking stud, fuck you."

"Ha, nah buddy I'm fucking you," he met my eyes grunting and he started to really pound me out.

"Yeah fuck me." I was beside myself. I loved his cock and I still loved him. He was turning me on and I was proud of him for standing up to me. My best friend the stud put me in my rightful place it feels so good. "You're the man."

"I'm gonna cum." That was all he was thinking about he was in full on bull mode.

I looked that man dead in the eyes, "cum in me." He was such a stud I wanted to accept his semen.

He grabbed my hips and pulled me into doggy style. He reached under me to felt on my cock just to check if it was hard. Part of me didn't want him to feel my cock because it was so much smaller compared to his but I was raging hard and leaking cum.

"You want to be my butt boy," He was telling me.

"Yes Ty." He started fucking me like a dog as I moan and whimpered. "You're cock feels so good."

"Okay are you ready to do everything I say from now on as my bitch?"

"Yes Ty."

"I'm about to cum!" I could feel his cock getting thicker.

"Inseminate me!" I wanted to be used, dumped in and made into a receptacle so he could get off. The finality of this degrading act was pushing me over the edge.

I started fucking myself on his cock.

"Nick I'm gonna blow!"

I was so turned on I hit a deeper spot and I couldn't believe ORGASM. I was shooting cum underneath me so hard it was the beast orgasm I had ever had and I didn't even touch myself. I moaned like a whore, "AHHHMMMMMM!!." My head hit the ground but I kept my ass up for him. "Get off in me, I'm a bitch."

I could feel his cock twitching inside me. He was filling me up with his man-goo. He was claiming me and seeding me in my ass. I would always have some part of him inside me.

"Yeah I'm cumming," he announced after one squirt had already been launched, but I had no intention of having him pull out.

"Yeah man keep it in!," I begged for his load.

I loved feeling his powerful jerks and twitches as he finished using me. Eventually I started to feel wetness inside my ass. His cock seemed to be floating in my butt. I could tell I was loaded up. The twitches slowed and stopped and he slowly pulled out of me.

As soon as he pulled out I felt a the cool air hit my insides. I felt pressure like I was about to fart but I knew what was going to happen. I kept my head on the ground with my ass up and let my ass expel a cream-pie. It actually felt good to feel his used goo run out of my gaping hole and onto my balls.

He stood up. I had my ass up sill rocking my ass back and forward slightly dripping with his load. "Get up here on your knees and suck my cock," he ordered.

He wanted me to do ass to mouth for him. Bastard was going to treat me like a total whole. I hesitated for only a second before realizing that I had to do it. I owe him. He is the man now. He has decided I'm going to become a cocksucker and a bitch.

I got on my knees 2 inches from his cock. It was the first time I had seen it sense he was a man. It was big and magnificent but covered in gooey mess from my ass, his cock and the motion of his fucking. I almost put it in my mouth but I looked up at him, I was unsure if he saw that his cock was dirty. He clarified my instructions.

"Clean me up," he said it with a knowing smirk. He was adding insult to injury but he knew he had me where he wanted me.

I didn't want to eat man goo or ass juices but we had long moved past the point of no return and we were both very turned on, I didn't want to ruin it by saying no now. It was already too late to save my manhood.

I still wanted to avoid the mess so I tried to get as much of his cock in at once. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and tried to suck it all down. I failed. When his cock got in my mouth I only had the head and some of the top of the shaft. His cock was too big for me to deep. That was when I noticed the taste.

"Mmmmm," I moaned around his cock sucking and swallowing what was on the head. The taste was a big turn on and so was sucking his cock. I looked up at him and he was as surprised as I was. I started switching between sucking and licking the goo of the shaft.

He was feeling too good I could tell he was sensitive.

Looking in each others eyes we both understood. I started whoring myself on his cock. Going as deep as I could, licking his balls, sucking on the head and all while looking him in the eyes. He wanted to see me degrade myself on his cock but how much could his sensitive dick handle after an intense orgasm? How far would I go (I wondered as I moaned like a girl with his balls in my mouth) to make him tap out.
