 Why didn't it surprise me to see the run-down office building...its exterior about ten years past needing a paint job, window shutters tilted or fallen from place. 

"Typical" I thought. "This cheapskate doesn't pay his bills or put a dime into anything but his own pocket"

The only car parked outside had me counting the number of accidents it had endured and where all the auto body repair shops must have run off too. Perhaps the heap couldn't make the distance any longer. 
I was already dreading having to meet and confront this dirt bag, but unfortunately some aspects of business were unpleasant and equally unavoidable. The guy simply refused to pay his bill and time had long ago run out. 

Impressions didn't improve upon entering the main office where its complete disarray and the stench of too many cigarettes were the first assaults to my senses. 

"Hello..." I called into the empty space. 

"Great! The SOB has dogged me again and split..." I was thinking angrily. Stepping forward to what could be construed to be a receptionist's desk, I was preparing to leave the resident bastard a scathing note when I heard the creaking of furniture off to my right. 

"Hello..." I called again, slowly walking towards the sound and entering a smaller, side office. I must have surprised the occupant because he was hurriedly tossing things around and stuffing drawers. Finished he pulled up to his desk and faced me. 

"Robert...?" I asked after he'd composed himself. 

"Yeah..." was the gruff reply. "Who are you?" he said in an annoyed tone. 

"It's me...you know, the guy you keep telling 'the check's in the mail' to?" I said as I approached the side of his desk. He was a big man and I felt getting closer and hovering over him would increase my "power" in the confrontation. How wrong I was. "I figured it about time to collect my money and we both know you cant lick a stamp." 

"The money, the money...yes..that" he began musing. 

He was definitely uncomfortable by my presence, so I was winning the battle. What I didn't realize then was how willingly I would soon surrender the war. With elbows planted on the desk, he faced forward and didn't want to face me. 

In complete control, I continued to dictate to him..."Yes, that...the money you've been lying to me about for the past two months. Why don't you cut me a check now so I can get out of here."

Standing over his still messy desk, my eye was drawn to a magazine protruding from a half closed drawer. There was nothing remarkable about it...unless you found the image of the young hard body with the impressive hard on remarkable...which I did. 

A bit disconcerted, I tried to stay "on message" and continued..."I don't think I've ever done business with someone like you. Is lying continually the way with you?" My voice and facial expressions were carrying out the game plan still, but my mind and eyes were on the picture and that tasty looking cock. My thought patterns were scattered now...and when I realized that I'd probably caught him jerking off looking at the magazine, my cock took advantage of me and started swelling nicely...filling my already tight underwear. 

Robert's head spun quickly as he counter-attacked ... " it was your screw ups that caused all the problems..." and he caught me while ogling that cock, my eyes transferring back to his face too slowly. 

"Ahhhh...yeah right..." I countered hesitantly and weakly...the first indication of my turning tail. 

There was an extended silence as we considered each other...too long a silence for me. Too exciting a silence from my own good...my heart was pumping hard now because of this embarrassing...and kinky situation...my cock throbbing in time with each pump. I was totally frozen in place, feeling my inner thoughts exposed and captured by this nasty man, yet strangely excited that he'd caught me! 

I'm silent as I watch his eyes slowly and openly course over my body...inspecting me...gauging my weakness. My cock pounds for release as I see him stop and stare at the obvious bulge in my pants...that I make no effort to conceal. I stand before him as exposed as if I wore not clothes at all. The tables have been turned and now he all the cards seem to be in his hand...I simply wait for him to deal them. I want him to make the next move...I "need" him to make the next move...

"Come in here to hassle me..." he spits out in a low, close whisper, his chair slowly turning away from his desk towards me. "All set to be a tough guy where you?" 

So frozen am I that I have to tug in quick breaths. My eyes left his and I acknowledging my desires by looking to his crotch...and was rewarded when he turned completely and revealed his full, thick and hard cock.

"What do you want more now asshole...your check or my cock?"

My answer came quickly...I was kneeling in seconds, my lips wrapped around his sweet cock! 

"Ahhhh...now there's my little bill collector...suck that baby."

I hardly heard a word he said, so complete was my worship to his manhood. Had he guessed my weakness for cock? Planned this whole affair and planted the magazine? I would wonder about that later...but my need now was only to suck and kiss the sweetness in my mouth. Savor the sweet bliss that comes over me only when another man's cock fills me. A full mushroom head, my tongue curled around its edges slowly...drinking up the resulting precum quickly lest it drain away and be wasted. 

Robert leaned back in his chair and allowed me my pleasures. At its fullest, his cock was a man-sized meal of some 8 or 10 inches...requiring stroking while my mouth lavished each crevice and edge with loving licks and kisses. 

"Mmmmmmm..." was all I said as I loved his tool like only another needy man can do. 

"I notice that ring on your finger" he said. "Married men make the best cocksuckers...they really do"

"Mmmmmmm..." I replied as I licked his pole my tongue probing his pee hole. Breaking away, I admired him from up close and said in a passion filled whisper "Its because we don't get cock often enough...and are sure to love it right when we do..." my lips and tongue quickly returning to their work. 

Grabbing my own balls and squeezing, my cock spewed cum into my underwear. "Ooooooo.." I moan Swallowing his head and sucking furiously as I squeezed my lemon dry!

A few minutes later, Robert instructed me to turn. Totally compliant and willing, I got on all fours and crawled a slight distance onto a throw rug. He worked my belt and hurriedly pulled my trousers and briefs down...exposing my firm ass. 

"Take me..." I whispered to him, lowering my head to the floor and raising my ass high for him to have. Fully expecting to feel his beautiful cock split my ass cheeks and slide to the hilt, I'm pleasantly surprised by what occurred next. 

"SMACK" his palm came down across my ass! 

"Ahhhhhh..." I quickly winced from the pleasurepain, but just as quickly raised my ass again...

"You cock sucking bill collector." SMACK "Think I give a shit about your bill?"

SMACK...SMACK

My ass cheeks are bouncing from his attentions...tingles of pleasure shoot to my brain and crotch. 

"This is the only payment you'll get from me..." SMACK again harder still! 

"Ohhhhh please...please pay me back...AHHHHHHHH YES SIR!" My cock is hard once again and throbs with each new swat of his hand. A tear collects in my eye as he takes me to new heights of pleasure with his furious assault...my ass bouncing up to meet his downward passes we gyrate in blissful rhythm.

The there is silence again. 

My ass is on fire! I could only imagine how red and glowing it must look. Somehow I was "proud" that he'd marked me...made me his in a way...and now he was preparing to make me his completely. 

Rising off the floor, he dropped his pants. In the mirror to my left I was able to see him, his considerable cock fully extended and hard...stretched out from him like a rod...soon to be planted deep within me.

Taking a handful of cum from my underwear, he "greased" his pole until it shone brightly. 

"That looks delicious Sir..." I told him... "but I'm sure it will feel even better..." 

Taking a bottle of lube from his desk, he massaged my aching ass with its cool smoothness...making certain...in a very pleasing way...to work my hole good. 

The he mounted me. 

"AHHHHHH..." I felt the sweet strain of my ass hole expanding and wrapping around him. Watching in the mirror I saw as he pushed each loving inch into me! "Give it to me baby..." I whispered and grunted. 

In a few moments he was in to the hilt and began to ride me like a cowboy rides his bull! 

"Ahhhh fuck me!"

"Ahhh...ahhhhhhhh...ahhhhhhhhhhh" he pushed from my mouth with each plunge deep into my hole. 

"Oooooooo you're a good bitch...mmmmmmmmm" he said. I watched his eyes close as he pumped down into me with increasing speed and ease. Rising my ass up to meet him, I tried to work my hole...grab and pull his cock as it deserved, but realized that his thickness made that unnecessary. We were so tight, he was getting a great ride anyway. 

In a few moments, I felt him go completely stiff within me...he'd reached the point of no return...and looking at him I saw his eyes roll back...his knees shiver...and then with a big moan he began to release into me. Pumping me deeply and fully...his sweet, hot cum pouring from his convulsing cock. 

"Ooooo that's right baby...fill me up...ahhhhhhh yesssssssss...mmmmmmm" I held my ass firmly in place to receive all of him, not wanting to miss a drop. "Pump it in there...ahhhhhhh."

Finally, he dropped to the floor next to me...completely spent, his breathing slowing. 

It was only fitting that I complete my tasks lick him clean while he rested, collecting his strength back. After all, I wasn't due back at the office until tomorrow...

Although I wouldn't admit it to him then (or for some time in fact) I couldn't get enough of his cock. You see, it is right...we married cock suckers simply don't get it enough. When a tool of this magnificence, drops into our mouths...well respect and care must be given...even if it is attached to an asshole!

By the end of the day, I'd satisfied Robert enough that he did cut that check...so everybody went home happy. My company got its cash...I'd gotten quite a fill of Robert's cum...and he, well he got himself a fairly regular fuck and could put those magazines away more often. 

You see...he continued to "get behind" in his payments...and of course I was always dispatched to collect the cash.