 I had almost fallen asleep when, to my horror, I felt Max snuggle close to me, put his arms around me. Was he asleep? I couldn't tell. He moved even closer, and I could feel his cock against my ass, and it was semi-hard. Shit! What was I going to do?

Max was my boss, Area Sales Manager for the corporation that owned the sporting goods store I managed in Ohio. He was a big guy, a body builder type, and an ex-wrestler. He had made the arrangements for this Wisconsin sales meeting, which is why I was in a king size bed with him. He had picked me to room with him. Earlier, he'd paid for my dinner, filet mignon and an incredible French red wine, a vintage Bordeaux, and later, drinks at the bar. Single malt Scotch.

Beyond doubt, Max was taking a special interest in me. Could I be moving up the corporate ladder?

Or were the rumors about Max being gay true?

I felt his cock against me, almost fully erect now, and big. 

"Jack, are you awake?" he asked.

"Max, I'm married," I said.

"So am I," he murmured. "I'm also bi, and you're a hunk."

"Look."

"I'm going to fuck you, Jack. Get used to it."

I went cold all over. I was pretty buff, but Max was much bigger and obviously strong as an ox. 

I felt him pull my boxers down with one hand, while another arm held me in a vise. Something cold and greasy--lube--was being spread over my anus, and then none too gently pushed inside.

"Dammit, Max!" I yelled.

"Hush."

The head of his cock probed my ass hole, gradually insinuating itself inside me. It hurt. I felt myself being stretched, and cried out, but suddenly his glans penis was all the way in, and the pain subsided a little. Slowly, as if feeling its way, the shaft of his cock followed the glans in, an inch at a time. The lube helped. I shivered. It wasn't hurting much at all now. He was all the way in, and began moving, rocking, in and out. I was being fucked. By a man.

I resigned myself to it. It was a sensation like nothing I'd experienced before, not really that unpleasant once I adjusted to what was happening. Shame and guilt washed over me. That was the worst part. I no longer felt manly; I felt like a woman being raped. I hated it!

And yet, my own cock was starting to betray me by getting harder and harder as the forceful thrusts continued, and there was no doubt that I had become aroused. Nor that what had started with pain was now filling me with pleasure! Oh, God, I was liking this! It felt...wonderful. 

"You're going to cum, Jack," Max whispered. "That means you're turned on. You're mine now. You want it."

He pumped harder and harder, grunting and puffing, and suddenly I was moving toward one of the most powerful orgasms I'd ever had. I couldn't stop it, nor did I want to. I felt Max explode inside me, and a torrent of cum shot from my cock, which hadn't been touched. The release ws exquisite, as I felt the thick shaft withdraw from my ass, and we both lay panting on the bed, exhausted.

"Was that so bad?" Max asked, a touch of humor in his tone.

I couldn't speak. I was blushing all over. Shame and excitement fought for control over my senses.

"Lie back," Max said. "I'm going to suck your dick."

He took me into his mouth, my cock still swollen and tender, working his way up and down my shaft, and it was the best blowjob I'd ever had. I surprised myself by, at length, cumming again, and Max surprised me by swallowing it.

"We're going to be very good friends," he said. "Let's have a drink to celebrate."

He cracked open a bottle of Scotch from the bar, which we drank from plastic bathroom glasses, laughing and talking like old friends, which by then we were. There was no embarrassment left in me, or capacity for anger. We got thoroughly drunk and talked about many things, such as the fact that Max, while still married, wasn't living with his wife, who had got sick of his shit and headed for parts unknown, and the fact that he'd once met my wife, Marcie, and thought her really good looking and sexy.

"Let's have a 3-way," he suggested. "I really want to fuck your wife."

In the wee hours, drunk, it didn't bother me. Later, I worried. Was it liquor talking, or had he meant it? Max lived in St. Louis, a good piece from Ohio. I tried to put it out of my mind. The conference lasted three days, and Max fucked me every night, and sometimes sucked me, but wouldn't let me fuck him.

"I'm a top," he said. "You're a bottom. I love fucking you, man."

"I love being fucked," I admitted.

Never in a million years would I have thought those words would ever come out of my mouth.

It was true, though. I loved being man-fucked, and I was going to have to find some other gay man to do me regularly when I got home. I still loved women, and sex with Marcie was always going to come first, but I had changed, and I knew it. And liked knowing it.

When I got home from Wisconsin, the first thing Marcie noticed was that I walked funny.

"Too many days sitting on my ass," I told her.

My wife looked scrumptious, good enough to eat, And I did eat her, that night. She moaned and gasped with pleasure, and I had a pang of pure guilt over my affair with Max. Cheating was cheating, after all.

But as the days went by, I thought more and more about having sex with a man. There had to be some gay people around! I had to be careful, though. I couldn't let Marcie find out what I had become.

Then one day the phone rang, and it was Max. My heart jumped. "Having any luck finding cock?" he asked.

"Asshole," I said.

He laughed. "I'm going to be in your town tomorrow. If you can lose your wife for awhile, I'll drop by and we can have a little fun."

"Sounds good." I tried to sound casual, but I was on fire inside.

I got Marcie out of the house by giving her some money and telling her to go shopping. "I got a bonus," I said. "It's yours to spend for being so nice about my being gone so long."

Her eyes narrowed slightly, but she said nothing. She loved shopping. With any luck she'd be gone all day. As soon as she left I phoned Max, and he was in my living room twenty minutes later. I made us drinks, but after a few sips we were tearing at each other's clothing. He lost no time throwing me on the couch and lubing me up. Then I was on my stomach, ass in the air, and he was easing his big cock up my butt. It felt so good! He was pouring it to me, and I was almost ready to cum when I head a small click, then a gasp.

"Oh my God!" Marcie screamed.

"Honey, I can explain," Max said for me. His cock was still in me, up to his balls.

"You're queer?" Marcie asked me in a strangled voice.

"He's bi," Max said. "He didn't know it until I seduced him in Wisconsin. Actually, you might as well say I raped him. I knew he would like it, and he did. Nothing against you, Marcie." He pulled out, stood up, and stuck out his hand. "I'm Max, Jack's boss. I know this is awkward, and it's all my fault. I am so sorry."

I couldn't say a word.

Marcie was staring at his cock, eyes going wide at the size of it.

"You took that up the ass?" she asked.

"I'm sorry," I said.

"No, this is all new to me. How could you, Jack? I mean, how could you do this to me?"

She was red-faced, growing angrier by the second. I had humiliated her.

"Would you like some of it?" Max asked.

"No!" I shouted.

"Why not?" Marcie slipped out of her dress, glaring at me. "I've always wanted it up the ass, but Jack wouldn't do it. Get up, Jack!"

She unsnapped her bra and threw it across the room, her 38 DDs springing into view. Her thong hit the floor and I got out of the way just in time as she flopped belly first on the couch. I backed away, horrified at what I was seeing. Max lost no time lubing her up, inserting two fingers up her asshole. She moaned, and he rubbed his cock against her, carefully opening her up a little at a time as I watched so stunned I had to sit down in a chair. Stabbing pains of jealousy and anger lit up my chest, and my breath came in short gasps. Marcie screamed when Jack got his massive glans penis in her tight asshole, but as he glided slowly the rest of the way in, she began to moan, and then scream again.

I was paralyzed with emotions I'd never felt before, watching another man fuck my wife in the ass. She'd lied about me not wanting to do her that way; she'd been the squeamish one.

My heart ached, and tears welled in my eyes. Marcie was enjoying herself, loving it. My cock began to stiffen, and then stand up as if in salute. I wanted to weep, yet I was so hot I was about to cum. I touched my penis gingerly. I didn't want to shoot off too soon.

Marcie screamed again, this time because she was cumming. I saw Jack tighten and release, and knew he was finished, too. One stroke and a fountain of white goo shot into the air. They both turned and saw it at the same time, and it was if the air went out of all of us at once.

Finally, Marcie pulled away from Jack and sat up. "Well, that was different," she said.

We all laughed.

Marcie fixed a round of drinks, and we sat there sipping and looking at each other, not quite knowing what was next or what to say.

"I think Jack needs a blowjob," Max said.

They were on me, playing with my cock, getting it hard again, licking and sucking in tandem, and I came again. They both swallowed. I sat in a daze and watched my wife get her pussy eaten out by Max. A sharp stab of jealousy hit me again.

He made her cum three times with his tongue, which was better than I'd ever done. She fell asleep and Max stood up. It was time to go. He put his clothes on, and I dressed quickly, and we looked at Marcie lying nude and sated on the couch. Max shook my hand.

"It's been fun," he said.

"We've been married 12 years," I said. "We were trying to have kids. We were in love. I ought to kill you, you no-good son-of-a-bitch."

He slapped me on the shoulder. "Things change," he said. "I've got a new job, Jack. I'm moving to England. Tell your wife goodbye for me."

It was the last we ever saw of him.

He was right, though. Our lives, Marcie's and mine, have never been the same. We were swingers for a time; then we settled into the hotwife/cuckold lifestyle. We're both bi, and we both like watching and being watched. We still love each other, but in a different way. Our sex life has never been better. 

And we keep thinking about a trip to England.