 Katy didn't give me any clues at all about my 'birthday present'. She kept it completely under wraps.

Always proud to be out with my beautiful wife, we went to one of the city's best restaurants, loaded with great music, beautiful people, a wine cellar from heaven and a chef that never fails to surprise. It was an exquisite feast and afterwards I was quite content with my birthday, happily thinking about what might happen later when we got home and I could peel that black satin cocktail dress off of her. 

But on the way out the door she whispered there were further plans. 

Katy knows me all too well. Over the years she has encouraged me to share my crazy thoughts, my deepest, darkest fantasies. Things I had never, would never tell anybody else.

If I had known what she was up to... would I have changed anything? Would I have been brave enough to go through with it? 

A mischievous gleam in her eye, she led us into the nearby 5-star hotel, through the opulent lobby and straight into the bar. We were led to a private booth and ordered drinks; she insisted I get something strong. 

"Just enjoy what life has to offer," is all she would give as an answer to my increasing curiosity.

She kept glancing at her phone, occasionally typing something. What in the world was she up to?

The answer arrived soon enough. A handsome man approached our booth. Katy was not the least surprised, she introduced him as David and welcomed him to sit with us.

Beside me.

David slid in easily next to me. I was immediately struck by his looks; he was obviously in great shape, smartly dressed for a night out and smelled... well... nice. He smelled nice. Like he had just gotten out of the shower and added a touch of cologne.  

"So this is our birthday boy," he smiled at me. 

"He is." She held my hand and leaned in to whisper, "I know you would never ask for it. So I'm making it happen. Now. Tonight."

She got up to excuse herself for a few minutes. "You boys get acquainted," she said with the most devilish grin I ever saw. 

I could only stare in disbelief at her retreating back - that lovely back I admired so many times - when David's hand on my arm instantly got my full attention.

"She loves you very much," he said warmly. "You are a lucky man."

"I am," came out automatically. What was going on? Why was he here and why was I completely distracted by his cologne? "What's this all about?" I asked frankly.

"She's arranged something for you," he said it quietly, leaning in conspiratorially. "Just for you. If you would like it." 

I was absolutely aware that his hand was still on my arm. He had nice hands. Manicured. His face- brown eyes and full lips. A lovely smile. I realized I was staring. 

He smiled easily, picked up his drink and raised it. "To new friends," he toasted. We clinked glasses and I downed my entire drink in a gulp. 

David ordered another round and we talked. He was a friend of Katy's closest friend and easy to talk to. With a quick laugh and those eyes, I imagined he made all the girls hot and bothered. Emboldened by the drinks, I said as much to him.

"I've been quite fortunate," he said. "But I realized early on there was so much more to experience." His eyes bored into mine. "Have you ever felt that way?"

I was having a hard time thinking. Katy planned this. It was her idea. She brought him here. She wanted me to engage with David. 

But... sexually?

His question was so innocent on the surface. But underneath my calm facade, my sense of being had fallen away. He was asking something I had never told anyone. I felt like I was standing on a cliff. I looked at his eyes. Those warm, understanding eyes.

Christ, he was good looking. 

"Sometimes..." was all I could manage.

Smoothly and as naturally as a good friend might, his arm went around me. I felt his body pressing against me. Warm. Firm. Muscled. Damn it, all that and he smelled really good. It wasn't fair.

A mass of confusion raced through me. I was falling under a spell and seriously unsure if I should stay here in this booth with this man. He must have sensed it.

"It's ok. I understand feeling conflicted." One arm still around me, he spoke quietly, gently. "A lifetime of stigma coming directly into opposition with what you want. Maybe always wanted."

As he spoke, his free hand moved. It touched my leg. Lightly. I jumped as if it had sent an electric shock through my entire body. He was watching me closely as I shivered slightly.

"Maybe since you were a boy. Feeling a want for something. Something you had to hide."

His arm around my shoulders held me close. It was warm and somehow comforting to be there with him, alone in a booth where no-one could see. 

"It doesn't mean you have to change anything. You don't have to change who you are. You love your sexy wife. You love to make love to her. You love the way she smells, the way she tastes..."

I watched like it was someone else's body being touched as his hand brushed along my shirt so lightly, his fingers finding and centering on a button.

"But you always felt like something was missing... something that kept you hungry."

His fingers opened the button, slowly disappeared into my shirt. My breath escaped as I felt them caress my skin for the first time. His fingers explored my chest, then scratched me lightly with his fingernails. He leaned in so close.

"I know what you've always wanted..." The fingers found my nipple, pinched it. Tight. I gasped. It was not like a woman touching me. It was different. His fingers circled so lightly, then grabbed my chest and squeezed. Like I had squeezed a woman's breast so many times, he was cupping me. 

"...and I know what you really need." His breath was hot on my neck as his hand moved out of my shirt... pressed my stomach... lower... lower... there. There. Oh my God. There.

He was touching me. My cock. He was doing it. My eyes closed of their own will and I was desperately trying to control my breathing as his hand was moving, squeezing, his fingers seeking to trace my shaft, my balls. He pushed my legs apart and squeezed me through my pants. Hard. 

A quiet clearing of her throat and I opened my eyes to see Katy standing there with her coat and purse, smiling like she had just won the lottery. She had apparently already picked up our tab.

"I'm in room 3212," she announced with a husky, Lauren Bacall voice. Her hard nipples showing through her slinky dress, I've rarely seen her so openly turned on. "When you're done, come find me. Enjoy." She gave us a wink, turned on her heel and left. I looked at David.

"It seems you've been turned over to my care," he said with that easy smile. 

I was alone with David in a private booth. His hands were all over me. Katy had put me here. This could go anywhere. 

His hand turned my face to his and he closed in. 

His lips so close to mine, our breath mixing together, he held off by the slightest distance. Letting me breath. Letting me get ready. 

Then one hand steadying the back of my head, he kissed me. I had fallen off the cliff.

Lightly at first. Lips caressing. A touch of his tongue. Then harder. More want. His tongue slid along my lips and I instinctively let him in. He pushed inside and he held me, his tongue inside me, exploring me. I was opening to him and he knew it. 

It wasn't the only thing he knew. Katy had made sure of that.

His hand went back to my cock, his kisses, I was getting so hard. My hips began moving by themselves, trying to find relief for my straining shaft. 

I was dazed and breathless as he suddenly stood, took my hand and pulled towards the door. 

"Let's go."

He pulled me towards the elevators. I realized I was openly walking through the lobby of the hotel, being led by a man upstairs. Was this how a woman felt when she had let herself be picked up? 

What was I now? David was absolutely right, I loved my wife. I loved the way she was and loved our time in bed together. I never had a thought of any other woman.

But David was different. David was here and now and Katy had put us here. I had wanted this for so long. It didn't have to happen again. It could be just about this.

David didn't let me think any longer. The elevator opened and he led me in, punched the button for the top floor and before the doors had even closed he pushed me hard against the elevator wall, knocking the breath out of me. His eyes locked on to mine. 

Then he was all over me, kissing me, his hands everywhere. He was larger than me, bigger, more muscled. He started biting my neck, I was trapped against the wall and taking it. My hands reached out of their own accord and sought him. I could never have said the words... I was reaching for his cock. 

Seeking it. Wanting to feel it. Wanting to feel how hard I was making him.

I had just enough time to find something long and hard in his pants before the doors opened and he practically dragged me down the hall to the room. 

I never really saw the room. A fleeting impression of huge windows and city lights from high above and like that he had me down on the soft, carpeted floor and for a moment we were play wrestling, laughing, seeking advantage over the other. I was a little proud of how long it took for him to pin me down. He was now panting like I was.

His weight held me, he pushed my arms over my head and I looked up into his eyes, hot with lust. I squirmed, helpless underneath him. 

"What a little animal. I'm going to fuck you so hard." His hips moved and he ground his cock against mine. It felt amazing and I could not help moving my hips to meet his movements. His lips found my ear.

"I'm going to fuck you the way you've always wanted. You're going to feel my cum pump inside your mouth. You're going to swallow it. Then I'm going to fuck you senseless. You're going to feel me cum inside your body as I pull every drop out of your big... hard... cock."

He grabbed my hair with both hands and held me fast against the carpet. His eyes flashed as he brought his face an inch from mine. "You want that. Don't you."

My God - Katy. She had told him everything. I was undone.

My mouth opened, only a moan came out.

"Fuck yeah you do." He started to rip my clothes off. He started with my shoes and then my pants, pulling them off in a single throw. Like a stalking predator he moved up my body until his mouth was next to my cock, still covered in my shorts. I was so hard. Precum was leaking out into a huge spot. He saw it, smiled at me then slowly, deliberately licked it.

"I like how you taste." His smile proved it as he licked again.

I could barely catch my breath. He was going to do all those things to me. My eyes closed and I gave up to the feelings.

He pulled off my shorts and I felt the warm, wet pressure of a tongue sliding along my cock. A boy was licking my cock. Then I lost all thought when he pulled it into his mouth.

Holy hell he was good at it. He knew exactly what to do. He licked and stroked until I was only seconds away from cumming into a boys mouth for the first time when he stopped, pulling an agonized groan from me.

"No," I begged. "Please..." I needed to finish so bad. 

"Oh, no, baby," he said with that damned confident grin. "Not so fast. You're the star of the show tonight."

Ripping off my shirt he grabbed my chest like I would grab a woman's breasts, moved up and kissed me hard. His hands squeezed and I moaned like a stricken animal. One hand found and wrapped around my cock. The warm skin of his hand feeling the same but different than my own. He pushed his tongue into my mouth, got a good grip on my shaft and squeezed hard. Fucking hard.

He knew what that would do. I bucked and moaned into his hungry mouth, beneath him, feeling his weight on me. We kissed like that for a long time.

I finally got David's clothes off. He was completely shaved and in the shadows of the room I could see his muscles playing beneath the skin. They were beautiful. I had to say it.

He moved until his cock was close to my mouth.

"And what about this?" 

The question hung in the air. The soft light showed his cock, big, bigger than mine but not by much. I looked at it, hard, sticking straight out, pulsing, a part of him. A drop was formed on the tip.

"You have a very nice cock," I whispered as I pulled him into my mouth.

I pulled him to me, into my mouth. It was warm, it filled my mouth. It was salty sweet from precum. I took as much as I could and then tried to take more. I wanted it so much.

"Oh, fuck yeah," he stroked my hair. "Suck that cock. Just like that."

I licked him, stroked him and sucked him slowly, working up to it. I wanted to experience the whole thing. I licked his length, swirled my tongue around the head, stroked the shaft as I sucked him. I worked his balls with my tongue and my hands roamed all over his muscled stomach, chest and thighs. 

Over time I went from a slow rhythm to fast and hard like my life depended on it. I was going to make him cum. I knew it wouldn't take much longer, he was already getting so close. He was beginning to convulse and I tasted more sweet, slick precum leaking from him. His hands moved to hold my head firmly in place.

"I'm going to cum in your mouth and you're going to swallow it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh fuck..." his words turned into a cry as he pushed forward and came into my mouth. 

His cock pushing deep into my mouth, I felt a first squirt on my tongue, followed by a another bigger one. Squirt after powerful squirt jetted into my throat and I swallowed and swallowed his hot cum. There was so much. The taste was like my own cum but now instead of a small taste I was getting a huge mouthful.

I stroked and swallowed, letting him ride it out in my mouth. Finally his storm calmed and I reluctantly let his cock out. He sat next to me, his face damp with sweat and wearing a silly smile. 

"That was very, very nice," he said lightly as he started tracing a finger along my shoulder. "You've been thinking about doing that for a long time."

"I've wanted to try that as long as I can remember," I confessed. What was the use of hiding it? 

He nodded, stood up and held out his hand. 

"Let's be comfortable." We walked to the bedroom, he yanked the covers off and pushed me to sit on the bed. He kneeled before me, his hands moving to my cock, dripping and wanting attention in the worst way. He kissed me gently as he stroked it slowly, deliberately. He smeared precum all over the tip, circling with his thumb. It was not enough to make me cum but so good I never wanted to move. 

He kissed me gently, then not gently. He sucked my cock just long enough to make me more crazy. He pushed me onto my back so my legs dangled over the bed and began stroked me; his other hand slowly began a trail down between my legs.

"And what else have you wanted as long as you can remember?"

There was no way I could ever answer that question. It didn't matter. He knew. 

I saw his cock was growing again as he pulled my legs apart, his fingers slid further down between my legs, all the way down to find my hole. He was pressing on it, circling it. It felt so naughty, it felt so delicious. I could not resist twisting and moaning like a wanton beast.

"You know what's going to happen now, don't you."

It was not a question. I wanted it. I moved to suck him to make him hard again but he pushed me back and moved away, bringing a disappointed sound from me. He came back quickly with a tube of something. I realized this had all been planned from the start. 

He knelt between my legs as slick fingers explored my most secret places. A finger circled, then pushed; I relaxed until I could feel it moving inside. It felt so good in there. He knew it, he leaned forward and was watching my reaction as he started to massage my prostate. That felt so good and so intense I nearly came without my cock being touched.

I could see he was almost ready. Just watching my reactions had turned him on.

He slid another finger into me. They felt big. He began fucking me with his fingers, hard enough to push my body. I looked at him and could not imagine how that big hard cock was going to fit into me. Something in my brain told me I could handle it.

He slathered his hard cock with the lotion and started sliding against my hole, circling it, teasing it. He looked down at me.

"Ready baby?"

My want was way past any caution. I nodded. His hips held my legs open as he pressed himself forward, sending a pressure through his cock onto my hole. I focused on letting him in. He rocked gently, inching the tip inside, barely enough to stay inside me. 

"There. Just a little. You ok?"

It didn't hurt at all. I wanted more and nodded, moving my hips to try and take more of him.

He moved over me with that damn grin again, making sure his cock stayed just inside me. I spread my legs and pulled him to me as he wrapped me up in those arms.

"Here we go," he breathed into my ear as he began to push in earnest. The pain hit me and I stiffened up and froze. I cried out.

"Shh, shh," he comforted as he rocked in me, not pushing more yet. "It's ok, baby. Open up. You know how. Let me in."

He kissed me, his tongue sliding across my teeth and tongue. I did my best to relax and breathe, he felt it and pushed.

He pushed into me. He was inside me. Another thrust and I knew he was in all the way. That big cock of his was inside me. He was fucking me.

"There we go. All the way in you." He kissed me and rocked just a little, letting me get used to a cock inside my body. I was panting hard. It felt big, long, intruding but welcome. The pain slowly softened into something else. 

He started a slow, easy thrusting. Just slightly moving, enough to send shivers down my spine. It took a while for me to match his thrusts. It was different having him inside me instead of the other way around. 

His thrusts started getting harder, pushing his whole length into me. I was being fucked. He began holding me so tight I could barely breathe. He bit my ears, my neck, pushed his tongue into my mouth. I was completely opened up to him, letting his cock ravage me. I let it take me; I let him take me.

"Oh God, fuck me, fuck me, fuckmefuckmefuckme..." My back was arching and I think I may have cum right then. It was smaller, not like the usual explosion. It was small and sweet and I wanted more.

He pulled out of me and before I could understand what was happening he had me bent over the bed and was pulling my hips up to meet his cock. I felt the tip seeking entry and pushed back against it.

This time he slid right in. He grabbed my hips and started a pounding they must have heard across the hall. I was being fucked like a rag doll as he slammed my hips against him, pushing that hard thing deep into my belly with every stroke. His hands found my chest, cupping, squeezing, pinching my nipples, handling me like I had handled so many women.

I could only moan and plead for more. That's when he grabbed my hair with one hand and my cock with the other. He pushed my head into the bed and stroked my cock so hard and so fast while keeping up light, short strokes of his shaft into my ass. 

I couldn't see. I have no idea if I could breathe. His hand wasn't stopping and I knew he was bringing me to a place I had never dreamed of. 

I came crying into the mattress. His tight hand pulled squirt after squirt of cum out of me, all of me giving up to his hand. His strokes became frantic into my ass and somewhere I realized he was coming too, pumping his cum into my body as I clamped down on his shaft with every convulsion. It went on and on.

Finally I had to stop his hand, it was too much. We fell towards the bed, both breathing like we had just done a marathon. We rested like that, his cock still hard inside me for a while, then slowly sliding out and I felt something warm and wet drip out of me.
