 Chapter 06

Everything gets out in the open

I stood there starring at the door, my mind racing. The urge to run and force it open was so strong that my fists clenched. I wanted to confront that fucking prick and maybe punch him in the face, but I found myself unable to move. Jacob was such a bastard! And a fucking dick and I couldn't believe I let him get away with taunting me like this. I had finally made up my mind. It was time I told Michael everything. Taking a deep breath I turned and walked to the balcony. Michael was just hanging up his phone. 

"Michael I need to tell you something."

"Ok, what's up?" 

"I need to talk to you about Jacob." He looked confused for a bit and shook his head.

"Somehow I knew this was coming." He spoke in a small voice and turned away from me.

"What do you mean?"

"I'm not blind Shaun, I see how uneasy he makes you. You tense up whenever he's around and I've been getting a feeling that you really don't like him. After I explained everything to you I thought you would understand. I thought that my past with Jacob wouldn't get to you but I was wrong."

"I won't deny that, but believe me the feeling is mutual."

"No it's not. Jacob likes you and he's told me that so many times. He really wants to get to know you."

"Somehow I doubt that very much Michael you have no idea the things that he..."

"Why are you threatened by him when there is absolutely no reason for you to be? He's just a friend and a good one at that."

"I get that, believe me I do." 

"Are we seriously talking about him now Shaun because i don't want to. We are supposed to be having dinner and talking about our day and how happy we are to finally be together. Please don't make me choose between the two of you Shaun because I will break his heart." He begged. I looked at him in surprise and not believing what he was saying. It should have made me happy knowing he would choose me over that dick but the good side of me felt bad about that. Why I would never know.

"Please give him a chance and in time you will see what a wonderful person he really is. I trust him, with my life or else he wouldn't be here if I thought otherwise. Please babe I need you to understand that." I was pretty speechless after all that. I couldn't ruin things for them and I knew I was making a mistake by keeping quiet. He touched my hand and smiled warmly at me. 

"Please Shaun." He begged. How could I say no to that? I sighed and gave in.

"I will try, for your sake." I said with a smile. 

"Thank you babe. You have no idea how much this means to me." He replied and kissed me. He pulled back and looked at me.

"You know Shaun this doesn't mean I don't care about your feelings. If he has done or said anything that makes you feel uncomfortable you have to tell me. You can't keep things bottled up inside. I'm for you to unload on." This was my opportunity to tell him and I blew it.

"There isn't." I lied and he looked at me like he was trying to read me.

"You are the most important person in my life and I want you to be open and honest with me about anything. If you have a problem don't ever feel that you have to deal with it alone because I'm here for you, always. I don't want you to ever doubt how much I love you." 

"I know and I love you too." I replied with a smile and let him hug me. Shit. Shit. Shit! .............. Matt and Olive sat there in stunned silence after I explained what happened lat night. 

"That bitch! I can't believe he said that." Olive said in anger. 

"You know there's only one way this could be resolved right?" Matt asked. I remained quiet.

"Damn it Shaun do I have to spell this out to you. You have to tell Michael now. You can't let Jacob get away with this."

"I know I just..."

"Stop making excuses here, you do know that if Michael found out about this on his own he would probably be angry at you too right?" He was right, but I wasn't ready to admit it.

"Shaun he's right, you have to tell Michael. From what you've said about Jacob he likes taunting you when he thinks Michael's not watching. That's bullying and I think it's time Michael knew it." Olive suggested.

"I know that and I will tell Michael. I just have to do it without causing any trouble I mean they are friends and..."

"There is no way in hell trouble isn't going to be caused here. Why the fuck should it matter to you how their friendship ends after this anyway? You should be thrilled when Michael finally tells him off." God I felt so emotionally drained. 

"I hear you Matt, but what if he doesn't believe me?" I asked the fear showing on my face. 

"I know he will believe you, he has no reason in the world not to." Olive replied and I sighed. 

"God I can't believe this is happening to me. I have never had to fight for anything or anyone that I love in my life before. I'm clueless when it comes to relationships and the problems that come with them. Normally when I have a problem I deal with it on my own, but now...I have no idea what to do." Tears were falling down my face now. Olive sat down and gave me a hug. 

"Oh honey, this has gone on for too long. You have to let Michael know everything. And the answer you're looking for is communication, you will come to learn just how important it is. That means opening up to the person you love. You have to remember that a relationship is between two people, not one." I pulled back and looked into her eyes.

"God damn it Olive. Why do you always know what to say?"

"It's a gift, what can I say?" she replied with a smile and I let out a nervous laugh. Matt held my hand and spoke.

"Don't wait till the last minute to tell him Shaun." I nodded in agreement. ........... The moment I stepped out of the lift and Michael's house I knew something was wrong. He had called last night and informed me that he was back from his business trip and I came here first thing the following morning to see him. So here I stood trying to think of what was different, then it hit me. I could smell perfume. It wasn't Michael's and it definitely wasn't a man's. A tall woman with short blonde hair walked in the kitchen wearing nothing but Michael's shirt. I watched her tits bounce up and down with every step she took and I closed my eyes and shook my head thinking I was seeing things. This was wrong on so many levels. When she noticed me her beautiful face broke out into a killer grin and she spoke.

"Oh my god, your Shaun."

"Umm... do I know you?" I couldn't remember meeting her before but something about her was very familiar.

"Oh sorry, I'm Lucy, Mike's big sister." She said and shook my hand longer than usual. I tried to say something but she beat me to it.

"Dear god you're gorgeous." She blurted it out and I blushed in surprise.

"Err... thank you." I stammered. She looked me up and down like I was some delicious dish and I got nervous. 

"The photos of you were really nice but in person you are one fine specimen. Dear god I could just eat you up." Oh man she was on a roll with the compliments and I wish I had a place to hide. Where was Michael when I needed him? Just then he walked in the living room and stopped when he saw us. He wore boxer shorts and nothing on and my mouth watered. He had muscles in the right place and damn it if I didn't get hard. Even in the morning he was gorgeous and sexy as hell.

"There you are finally" Lucy said and Michael looked at her with annoyance.

"Oh dear god your awake."

"Of course I am duh. It's a good thing coz Shaun just walked in and we were exchanging a few hellos." More like she was saying everything. I barely got two words out.

"So I see. This is definitely what I didn't want. You should have waited until I was awake before making him uncomfortable. It's too early in the morning for that." 

"What do you mean uncomfortable? Does he look uncomfortable to you?" She asked her eyes set on me. I tried to say yes but she spoke. "Besides, you sleep like the dead. I wasn't going to wait up for you." She replied and looked at me again with that smile of hers. 

"I was just telling Shaun here that the photos of him you sent didn't do him justice. He's a beautiful work of art. Sure gave me a boner!" I believe I turned purple this time and Michael chuckled and walked up to us and pulled me away from her. He gave me a peck on the lips and I blushed when he pulled back to look at me.

"And this is the type of uncomfortable I was talking about. Forgive my sister babe she's not afraid to speak her mind, and that happens to be all the time."

"I have noticed." I replied and looked at them noticing a few similarities between them.

"Mostly it's annoying." He mocked and groaned in pain when she punched him on the shoulder.

"Ouch what was that for?" He asked as he rubbed his shoulder.

"That is for being too clever for your own good. You may be taller than me but I'm still your big sister and I can still kick your ass." She shot back as she walked in the kitchen. 

"While you're at it maybe you could try and put some clothes on." Michael suggested and Lucy poked her head out from the kitchen.

"I'm not completely naked you know. I do have underwear underneath plus last time I checked you guys were gay so there is definitely nothing here that could excite you. I'm referring to Shaun by the way." She wiggled her eyebrows at me and went back to whatever she was doing. We both chuckled. 

"She's right you know." I said as he wrapped his arms around me.

"Never the less her assets are poking out all over the place and its grouse." Then he gave me a sexy smile. "Hey babe." He whispered.

"Hi." I replied with a shy smile and he pulled me closer. His lips closed on mine and I moaned forgetting about Lucy. When that thought occurred to me I slowly pushed him away.

"Michael we can't."

"Why not?" he looked confused.

"Your sister is in the next room." I gestured to the kitchen with my head and he smiled.

"Oh please don't mind her. She has seen everything." My eyes widened at him wondering what he was referring to.

"Nevertheless. You didn't tell me she was here."

"She got in after midnight babe and I was beat. She often comes into town for work." I nodded and smiled when he kissed me again. This time it was sensual, sweet and intoxicating and I moaned as my arms wrapped around his neck.

"I've missed you so much." He whispered and kissed my nose. 

"I missed you too. You..." I was interrupted from talking further when Lucy came back from the kitchen and dragged me to the couch.

"You will have plenty of that later, right now Shaun and I need to get to know each other better." I looked over at Michael for help but he burst out in laughter and left us there. I liked Lucy but she was a real chatterbox. I guess it was a good thing since she was a lawyer and all. I sighed in relief when I left the house an hour later and drove to work, right after I promised we would do dinner tonight. Now she and Olive would get on very well, I just felt sorry for Matt. Later on the three of us went out for dinner and I got to know a lot more about Michael from her. Lucy was closest to him and he told her everything. 

She was the only one who knew about me and had kept it secret from everyone, especially their mother. When I asked why they both looked at me with snickers. I got the feeling she was worse than Lucy. When the guys heard that Lucy was in town they were thrilled and Chase didn't pass up the chance to see her and invited all of us for dinner the following night. Matt and Olive joined us as well. I've been at his house several times but I couldn't get over how big it was. Jacob was there too and it took all of my strength not to strangle him when he hugged Michael. Lucy noticed but didn't say anything. That was the last thing I needed to happen. 

Dinner was great and we had a blast. We hung out in the basement afterwards and had some drinks. Before we knew it, four bottles of Jack Daniels were empty and we were all a bit tipsy. We played a number of games and switched to truth or dare. We laughed as some of us did some funny tricks and gasped as some truths were revealed. I was totally surprised when Ann dared me to kiss two people from the group. I looked at her in shock and turned a shade of red when I saw how serious she was. I started to decline when Jacob told them I was too innocent to do anything scandalous and in front of Michael and some of them snickered behind me.

"You don't have to prove anything to them babe." Michael said with a smile. One look at him and I saw he was a bit disappointed. It made me wonder if he really wanted to see me kiss someone else. Maybe it was the booze but somehow the idea sounded interesting and arousing as well. So I stood up and spoke.

"Your right, I don't have to prove myself." I replied and Jacob opened his mouth to speak but I cut him off. "But on second thought." I said and crawled over to Mark. His eyes widened in interest as I moved closer and kissed him. I made sure there was no innocence in the kiss. It was hot, passionate and screamed sex. I heard him moan as I ravaged his lips and tasted every ridge of his mouth with my tongue. 

He was definitely enjoying it because he grabbed a fitful of my hair with his hand and reciprocated. Just as he was getting into it I pulled back and watched him fight to breath. He was turned on and I smiled as I moved to his wife and kissed her too. I heard gasps from behind but I didn't care. She was in the same state as her husband when I pulled away and I set my eyes on Chase. His eyes widened when I closed the distance between us. He was such a good kisser and I found myself getting a little hard when he took over and plundered my mouth. 

I had to fight the urge to pull him closer so I could taste all of him. So I nudged him back with my hand so he could let go of my lips. Then I looked back at everyone. Their mouths hung open in shock, even Jacob looked utterly shocked. Michael on the other hand looked impressed and turned on judging from the tent in his pants. 

I crawled back to him and he stood up and pulled me up from the floor. I followed him to the kitchen and moaned when he slammed his lips on mine. He picked me up and placed me on the kitchen counter and I wrapped my legs around his waist as we kissed passionately. There was so much pent up sexual frustration in that kiss I expected one of us to explode like a bomb. We rubbed against each other from chest to chest and cock to cock. 

Our bodies radiated with heat as we fucked each other fully clothed like that. We were soon groaning and moaning as we reached our climax. His lips moved to my neck and I was soon turned into a victim of bites and sucking and I cried out as I came in my jeans. The world around me greyed and my hands held on tight to his shirt as I came. He let out a chocked sob and kissed me again as he too started to come. Fuck that had been hot I wished it was the real thing. After we calmed down he looked over at me and licked his lips. He was still holding on to me tight and I didn't want him to let go.

"God what I would give to fuck you like this." He breathed out and I moaned in frustration at his words.

"Oh fuck." I called out as we kissed again. This time it was gentle but passionate. We heard cat whistles and some grumbling from the guys saying we should get a room. 

We didn't give a damn and kept kissing. When we finally pulled away we were out of breath and hard again. We decided to get back to the guys after we cleaned up in the bathroom. When we got back Olive and Matt gave us knowing smiles and winks as Chase complained about us taking our time. Lucy had a smile on her face but there was something else there. A knowledge of some sort. We got back to enjoying the night. 

When we left that night both Mark and Susan wouldn't meet my eyes but Chase had a wicked smile on his face. He looked at me with lustful eyes and I blushed. The thought of him and Michael's hot bodies pressing against me had me hardening in my pants and I stayed that way the entire ride home. When we got home it wasn't long until I was crying out as Michael swallowed my load. ........ I was just preparing for lunch when I got a call from reception about someone asking to see me. I was even more surprised but happy to see Lucy waiting for me. She looked professional in a knee length black pencil skirt and matching black jacket and white dress shirt. She wore make-up and her short hair was styled back. Wow.

"Hey, I thought you left." I gave her a hug. 

"My meeting ended early so I have more time to kill before I leave and decided to come here to see you."

"Oh I see, umm I was supposed to meet up with Olive for lunch but I can text her to cancel then we can go." I was already reaching for my phone. We went to a coffee shop just down the road from my work place and ordered a salad and drink. As we waited she looked at me and spoke.

"I take it you and my brother are not having sex yet?" I gulped and turned red. How did she know that?

"How did you... I mean what makes you say that?"

"You mean apart from the scandalous behavior you too displayed last night in the kitchen? I know my brother very well and he would have told me about the dirty deeds between the two of you already. Plus the look he gave you last night while you were busy smooching around spoke volumes. He was saying I want to fuck you all over the place but I know it's too soon and I'm respecting you. So am I right?" she asked. I remained quiet for a while choosing my words and then spoke.

"Your right, were not there yet. It's kinda complicated."

"I can see that, mostly because he told me about what happened to you." I looked up at her in surprise and she quickly went on to explain.

Don't be angry with him I kinda forced him to tell me. I just heard it in his voice while we talked and I knew right away that something was wrong. He was very reluctant at first but I convinced him to tell me. I didn't tell anyone else believe me."

"It's ok I'm not angry. I trust you and I'm glad that it's you he told."

"Don't mind me asking but can I ask why you're not... you know? You are so ready judging from the sounds you were making in the kitchen last night and when you got home. I gotta tell you it was very difficult to get some sleep."

"What?" This was getting awkward by the second and I didn't know how much I could take.

"Oh honey even the neighbors heard you." She teased and I turned beet red.

"Oh my god."

"You know between the moaning and crying and screaming, you said that too." My eyes widened. By now I could light a fire with my face.

"Dear god Shaun you look like you're about to explode." She laughed.

"Can you blame?" I asked.

"That's totally my fault but I'm still waiting for you to tell me."

"Tell you what?" I asked as if I really didn't know what she was asking. She sighed.

"Why you're still waiting? With Michael you don't have to worry about your inexperience believe me. When we were younger and our parents were out of town he used to sneak in guys in his room. I mean they would go at it for three maybe four times that night. And judging from the sounds coming from inside, I'm telling ya the guy knew how to give to them. Man I wish I had a man who could make me cry out like that." She said in wonder leaving me to gawk at her. 

"You are something else." 

"I'm adorable I know." She said and laughed and I soon joined in. 

"Ok your right and I've definitely been avoiding sex. I don't have a clue what to do or say to him to show that I'm ready. It doesn't feel right for me to just blurt it out to him."

"That could work." My eyes widened at her and she chuckled. "Dear god Shaun you are really insecure aren't you?"

"I thought I was hiding that so well." I joked.

"How about a romantic dinner for the two of you? My brother is a simple guy so please don't go big. You've been together for more than two months now so make a hint about that and maybe add in a few words about how ready you are. The sexual frustration has got to be killing you guys so maybe you should just blurt it out when you're making out. That way you can be sure that whatever happens does happen if you know what I mean." She wiggled her eyebrows at me and I laughed again. That had me thinking and she was right. I needed to plan a romantic dinner for the two of us, and I knew just the place. 
