 I'm finally back everyone! sorry to have kept you waiting but after returning home from the hospital I had to give myself time to heal. I'm happy to say I'm fine and this submission is the last chapter of the series. Truth is I did finish the story but most of you didn't like how it ended so I made a few changes but the story is still the same. Hope its better.

*

INSIDE AND OUT

CH. 07

Everything works itself out

After pouring my cup of coffee I sat down and looked over at my two friends. Matt sat opposite me with a cup of coffee in his hand and a copy of today's newspaper in the other hand. He was pretending to read but I knew better. 

Olive was busy fixing breakfast at the stove with her back to us. It was so weird how all of us were keeping quiet and I was reaching a boiling point soon. Just then my phone vibrated. 

We all looked at it and Michael's face flashed on the scream making me want to throw it at the wall until it shattered to millions of pieces. 

I quickly reached for it and hit the ignore button.

"You know you can't ignore him forever." Matt said with a glare.

"I know but I can try." I replied and took a sip of my coffee.

"Really?" I gave him a glare of my own and sighed.

"Or you could change your number." Olive suggested making us turn to her. She still had her back to us. 

"Why would you say such a thing?" Matt asked just as surprised as I am."

"They broke up, so there really isn't any reason why he should be calling him." At that Matt turned to me in surprised shock. Aaah damn.

"What?"

"I was gonna tell you." I said in shame. He held up his hand to stop me from talking further. I knew he wasn't going to let me off that easy.

"You didn't tell him?" Olive asked between bites of her toast.

"It happened last night Olive so please give me a break."

"I can't believe you broke up with him Shaun."

"The guy hurt him Matt." Olive tried to explain when Matt turned to her.

"You know I love you so much babe." He said with sexy smile and I looked over in confusion. Olive smiled big and nodded.

"But I just need you to shut up for me and let me talk to Shaun okay?" she gaped at him in surprise. Even I was surprised. He then turned to me.

"I can't believe you broke up with him." he repeated the same words.

"Why is that so hard to believe Matt? After everything that's happened we were not gonna work at all." I tried to explain but he was getting angrier by the second and I was getting impatient.

"Why are you angry all of a sudden anyway?" I growled at him. He sighed and glared at me. 

"That guy is your soul mate. Nobody in this world understands you the way that he does."

"What do you mean?"

"You've opened up to him about yourself more than any other guy you dated in the past. When have you known yourself to do that? I mean guys have come and gone, but none of them have ever affected you the way that Michael does. You love each other Shaun. Why in the world would you throw something like that away?" He just had to say that didn't he? He just had make me feel like crap.

"He broke my trust."

"People do that all the time Shaun. They hurt each other and they get angry and break up. But at the end of the day when that person is the first and the last thing you thing about when you go to sleep and wake up it means they own you're a big part of your heart. They're right here." He poked at my chest. Tears spilled from my eyes.

"I don't think I'm strong enough for this."

"No one is Shaun. Relationships are never easy. There are always obstacles along the way and Jacob was the first. Are you really going to give up on the first one?"

"I already have Matt. I severed all ties with Michael because I don't need drama in my life."

"There's always drama around each corner but it's how you deal with it that matters. Which is why you're gonna go see him." My eyes widened at him. 

"What?"

"Did I stutter?"

"You can't be serious."

"No I'm not you should write him a letter instead. Of course I'm serious Shaun. You should go to him. The two of you need to sit down and have a serious talk."

"What about what he did to me?" I whined like a child and glared at Olive who seemed to be at a loss for words.

"For all we know he could be telling you the truth. Jacob has been sneaky and manipulative all this time so what makes you think he didn't find out your secret himself? Did he tell you Michael told him?"

"Did he even mention anything about Michael telling him all that or did you just magically assume he did?" Now I was speechless and embarrassed as well. He had said all the right words and I was beginning to realise how wrong I was for lashing out at Michael. For some reason it also made me very angry.

"Then why did he walk out on me when I needed him?" I asked with tears in my eyes.

"He was probably very angry and needed to think. I admit walking out on you was harsh but we make mistakes when were angry. But he didn't break up with you did he?"

"He didn't have to Matt. He hated me at that moment."

"I'm sorry but I didn't hear you say he broke up with you. Or were you going to say it now?" I got up from my chair in anger.

"I don't have to do a damn thing you say."

"I don't remember asking you to."

"Maybe I should change my number and my friends too!" I grumbled to myself as I stormed out of the kitchen.

"Whaat!" Olive screamed behind me.

"I heard that." Matt called out from the kitchen.

"I know." I shouted as I slammed the bedroom door behind me.

.............. 

While we were sitting and watching some comedy on TV that night there was a knock on the door. Matt got up to answer it and seconds later walked back with Michael behind him. Olive stood up in anger.

"What are you doing here?" she asked with clenched fists.

"Hi Olive." Michael said with a small smile.

"I asked you a question. What do you want?"

"Olive." Matt warned her and she stopped talking.

"I need to talk to Shaun." I got up and faced him.

"Ok what do you want to talk about?"

"More privately?"

"You can say anything in front of my friends, that way I won't have to spill to them later on when I'm bored." He flinched. That was harsh and I knew it, but I couldn't help myself.

"It's ok you can talk here, Olive and I were headed out anyway." Olive looked at Matt in confusion.

"We were? I don't..."

"We were babe remember? You wanted to check out that Italian restaurant around the corner." Matt was already whisking her away, jackets in tow. 

"Well I don't remember...." Then the door was closed, with a confused Olive still in her pyjamas. It was very odd how she didn't see what Matt was doing. I took a deep breath and looked at Michael who was already looking at me.

"I don't want to hear whatever it is you have to say."

"After that stunt you pulled in my office I think I'm entitled to say something."

"Fine, say whatever it is that you want, but it won't make a difference."

"So were over, is that it? You want all of this to end?"

"Why in the world are you acting so surprised Michael? I mean you must have known this would happen. After all you started it when you walked out on me."

"I walked out because I was angry at you Shaun for something that you did."

"So now were both angry, what's new?"

"I had a right to be angry at you because you didn't trust me enough to tell me that my friend was acting all psycho on you. I walked out because it was too much for me to deal with and I needed space to deal with it. I never wanted us to break up."

"Did you hear the part where I said I wasn't interested in anything you..." he cut me off.

"I have let you accuse me of something that I didn't do and its time you listened to me." I folded my arms with a raised eyebrow.

"Really?" I asked. 

"Yes Shaun. I never broke your trust and I don't understand why you choose to believe I would ever do that to you. I never said a word to Jacob about you or the rape. You have to believe me. I would never betray you like that. You know me."

"This conversation is pointless Michael."

"You know it's funny how easily you believed anything that Jacob has to say. After everything he's done to you, to us."

"This is different."

"All he's ever done was try to keep us apart Shaun and that hasn't changed. Why do you think he came to you about this?"

"Oh god just leave Michael please." He took my hand and pulled me to him so we were facing each other.

"Look at me and tell me I'm lying." I searched his face but could find no deception there. He was telling me the truth and I was confused.

"Then how did he know?"

"That night when I told Lucy the guys were there. 

I went to the bedroom and he must have followed me there and listened in on my conversation with her." I looked away from him as tears threatened to break free.

"I'm so sorry from the bottom of my heart Shaun. I'm sorry that I couldn't protect you from Jacob. I'm sorry for walking out on you. I'm sorry for everything." I just stood there in silence.

"Please don't give up on us Shaun. Just give us another chance to start over and put everything that's happened with Jacob behind us." he begged.

"I believe you Michael. I was stupid not to before but I see that I was wrong to. But I can't do this anymore."

"What?"

"I can't be with you anymore Michael. i love you from the bottom of my heart. but i cant forget what he did to us. he has damaged me emotionally."

"I know you can't forget what he did to us and I'm not asking you to."

"You're better off with someone else."

"I don't want anyone else. I want you just as you are, flaws and all. Why can't you get that in your thick skull how much I need you in my life? You are everything to me damn it! I love you so much it hurts Shaun. Nothing in this world would have stopped me from loving you. Even If I was with Jacob when I met you, I would have left him for you. I would have chosen you." Now he was making me cry and I didn't want that now. I didn't want him to see how fragile I was.

"Please don't do this to me Michael. Please just go."

"I'm not leaving you." He replied and I got angry.

"Fine, then I'll go and you can wait for my friends to come back." I walked to the door.

"Tell me you don't love me anymore." He called out and I stopped. 

"Tell me you don't love me anymore and I'll leave." This time he was standing next to me. I could feel his warm breath on my neck and goose bumps broke out all over my body. His hands came around my waist and pulled me to his chest. I could feel his hardness press against me and I moaned silently as my cock hardened. My breathing came in gasps.

"Please don't." I begged as he licked the back of my ear.

"You can't deny how much you love me Shaun. You know this is right. Tell me to stop and I'll leave." He whispered and I moaned as pre cum leaked from my cock.

"Tell me." He breathed in my ear and spun me around and kissed me. I was shocked for a second and kissed him back. As he thrust his tongue in my mouth I started to pull away. 

He held on to me and kissed me again but I stepped back. He pulled me to him and I groaned as he kissed me again, more forcefully this time. He held my wrist almost painfully and I moaned in denial and pushed him away from me.

"Please Shaun just kiss me. If you really want me to go just say the word and I'll leave. If not, kiss me." He begged. He stood there fighting to breath as much as I was. Long seconds passed as we continued to stare at each other.

"Damn you!" I swore and closed the distance between us. I moaned as he forcefully plundered his tongue in my mouth and tasted every inch of it. His hands moved to the hem of my shirt and ripped it open sending buttons flying everywhere. He swallowed my gasps with his lips and took off my pants. 

He shoved me down the couch and immediately started taking off his clothes. He knelt on the floor and pulled my thighs to him until my back was on the couch and my ass in his face. He flicked his tongue against my whole and I moaned. He didn't waste time and started fucking my ass with it. 

"Oh god!" I cried out as I opened up to him. He withdrew his tongue and shoved two fingers in my whole and I cried out as he rubbed against my prostate. 

His lips closed around the head of my cock as his other hand started to jerk me off at the base. Oh dear god the pleasure spread all over my body, my toes curled and I started to cum. 

He pinned me to the couch as I erupted in his mouth, my body shaking uncontrollably. He pulled off and I felt his tongue in my ass again. He filled me with my come and stood up. He pushed me back and knelt on the couch.

"Oooooooooooh fuck!" I screamed when he shoved his dick up my ass and filled me to the hilt. He stilled and waited for me to adjust to him. I pulled him to me and thrust my tongue in his mouth. I felt him move and moaned in his mouth he rubbed against me with every thrust. 

He pushed in steadily inside me for a minute and pushed me back on the couch until I was nearly folded in half and pounded into me. He fucked me like that for a maybe ten minutes and then pulled out and spun me around until I was on all fours and entered me from behind. 

"You still want me to go babe? Want me to pull out my big cock and leave you like this ha?" He pulled me closer and I arched my back to him until we were chest to back. 

"Fuck no...oh god...oh Michael give it to me...ah god!" 

I moaned and moved my hand to the back of his head and I pulled him to me for a kiss. He pulled back and captured my ear with his teeth as he drove into me.

"You want me to keep fucking you like this babe? Is that what you want? You want my big dick to fuck you like this?"

"Oh yes...I want your big cock fucking me like that...Oh yes!" He kissed me again. I moaned and cried out in his mouth as he continued to rub against my trigger. He stopped and spun us around again this time sitting down with my back to him. I leaned back to him on the couch and he pulled my knees up in the air and slammed into me.

"Oh yes...oh fuck...Oh...Oh..." I cried with every upward thrust he made. We went at it for endless minutes and I was losing control. He pulled out once again and turned me around until I was facing him. I sat on his cock and we both groaned. 

He grabbed my ass and fucked my brains out until I was coming again. A minute later I heard him groan and slam back in as he filled me with his hot cum. He had seriously worn me out and I think I passed out. 

............

When I woke up I was in bed and Michael was propped on his shoulder looking at me.

"Hey."

"Hi." This was awkward. "You carried me to bed?" It was a lame question I know but I didn't know what to say.

"I think I owed you that much for fucking your brains out." He said with a chuckle and I blushed. He was right. Last night had rocked my world. Not only did we fuck on my friend's couch but we made it to their kitchen table and he gave it to me until I decorated it with my cum. I think we broke a few plates and cups too. 

"God I love you so much." He whispered and kissed me again. Long minutes or hours passed as we kissed passionately. I climbed on his lap and kissed him as I eased him on the bed. His moved around my back to my ass we kissed with hunger. 

I moaned into his mouth when he squeezed my ass cheeks. Man I couldn't wait to have him inside of me. I turned around in a six nine position and presented my ass to him. 

He dove right in with his tongue and opened me up as I sucked his big cock. He used his fingers to open me up more and spun me around and kissed me. He made me lie on my side with my leg up in the air and entered me. 

I moaned as the blunt head of his cock breached me. Slowly inch by inch he filled me until I had all of him. As I adjusted to his cock he pulled my head to him and kissed me. He started to move and I cried out when he rubbed against me. 

He set a slow pace for a good ten minutes but soon he gave in and started to move faster. He got on his knees and opened me up some more and slammed into me. In this position every thrust he made rubbed against my prostate and more pre cum leaked from my cock.

"Oh god...oh yes...oh...oh!" I screamed as he continued to drive into me. He pulled my leg to the side until I was on my back and braced his hands on the sides of my head and pounded into me. 

I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him to me for a scorching kiss. His body rubbed against my cock and I started to cum. 

He swallowed my screams as he continued to fuck me throughout my orgasm. As I came down from my high I felt him slam into me one more time and fill me with his hot cum. I moaned at the thought of him filling me. 

He collapsed on top of me as we tried to catch our breath. A few minutes later he pulled out and lay next to me facing me.

"Marry me." I looked at him in shock and started to laugh. He didn't join me but kept staring at me. I stopped laughing and cleared my throat nervously.

"Are you serious?" I asked with uncertainty.

"Yes I am. i know were rushing and we can take our time. all i know is that i want you babe. I don't want to be apart from you anymore. I want you to move out and come stay with me. Or I could move out and come live with you. I don't care where we stay just as long as were together. I love you." I couldn't believe what he was saying.

"Please say something."

"Yes. I say yes, to everything. i love you too." I said with tears in my eyes. He took me in his arms and kissed me. There was loud banging at the door and we giggled at Olive's shout for us to get out of bed.

"You two bitches come out here and clean your mess. I leave for a few hours and you two mess it up. Well I'm not cleaning this shit up...." She went on and on but we didn't listen.

"You know she won't stop until we come out of this room."

"What if I'm not ready to get out of bed?"

"Neither am I." he smiled seductively and kissed me again. I wrapped my arms around him and felt his hardness press against mine. Our tongues dueled as he entered me again. I moaned in his mouth when he moved inside me. 

We completely ignored Olive as we made love again. We could always deal with her later. This time was ours and the rest could wait.

THE END