 "BILLY, STOP IT!!" cried out the slender blonde boy as he struggled to break free from the firm grip of his taller and stronger friend.

Billy had come up behind John and bear-hugged him; his hands roaming freely over the smaller boy's chest; squeezing his breasts and pinching his nipples.

Suddenly, the older boy grabbed John's hips and pulled him backwards and ground his jean-covered hard-on into the younger boys shapely buttocks.

"STOP IT – we're in public god-dammit!" snapped the blonde boy.

"Relax, sweetie, nobody can see us," said Billy. "Besides, I know how much you love my cock!"

For emphasis, Billy held the smaller boy even closer and pressed his crotch hard against the struggling boy.

"NO, I DON'T LIKE IT – YOU MAKE ME DO IT – I'M NOT QUEER LIKE YOU – AND STOP CALLING ME SWEETIE," protested the younger boy.

Boldly, and with no regard for who may be watching them, Billy reached around the boys crotch, found the small erection tenting-out his slacks and squeezed it hard.

Billy laughed loudly and proclaimed, "You love my cock so much your tiny dick gets hard every time you feel me!"

"THAT'S NOT TRUE, IT'S A, WELL - you know, it's a natural reaction..." whined the blonde boy.

Undaunted, the taller and more manly boy ignored John's protests and proclaimed, "I've decided what I'm going to do with you when I turn you out."

"What are you talking about?" asked the smaller boy. "I'm not going OUT anywhere with you!"

Billy chuckled and announced, "I'm going to dress you all in pink...tiny pink short-shorts – a pink halter top – pink socks and pink open-toed shoes showing off your pink toenail polish, and well, yes, I'll definitely have you wearing pink panties too – AND you will happily open your shorts and show your little panties to all my friends when I tell you to...heh-heh-heh, yes, I'm going to turn you and train you into being the faggiest, most femmiest little butt-boy a guy like me would want!"

"NO, STOP IT – QUIT TALKING LIKE THAT...once I pay you the money I owe you I'm never going to see you again! NEVER!" shouted the young blonde boy.

Billy took John's hand in his and pulled him to the apartment building door.

"C'mon, let's get inside...you got me hot and horny again...it's time for you to give me another handjob, pretty boy!" said Billy.

"Jesus Christ, Billy, I just gave you one an hour ago," complained the smaller boy.

"Heh-heh-heh – get used to it, sweetie...once I've made you my bitch you're going be either on your knees or bending over for me 8-9 times every day!" 

"Please stop saying those things to me," pleaded the blonde boy.

"You know, Johnny, I just can't help myself...you are so darn pretty and sweet and nice...and come on, you and I have so much fun together, and, well, hahaha, it's your fault I get all these hard-ons...so yes, it's your responsibility to take care of my needs!" 

The younger boy sighed, and resigned himself to following Billy into the building. Once the heavy building door slammed shut Billy took the boy's hand and pressed it to his crotch.

"BILLY!" protested the younger boy.

"You know what I want – move your hand back and forth – squeeze it...oh yeah, that's it – good boy, Johnny, good boy...you're getting very good at this...oh, yes, get it nice and hard so when you take it out for me half of your work will already be done, hahahaha..."

An apartment door suddenly opens and John quickly removes his hand from his friends crotch before an older man and youngish boy step into the hallway.

"William, nice to see you...how has life been treating you?" said the older man to Billy.

"Charles, life has taken on a whole new meaning the past two weeks," said Billy with a beaming smile on his handsome face.

Aghast, John sees the man eyeing him up and down and wink to Billy.

"Yes, hahaha, I see that," said Charles.

The man speaks to John. "...and little cutie, is William showing you a good time in our city? I understand you recently moved here so I trust William has taken you under his wings and has guided you to some of our nicer areas."

The boy couldn't help himself. His face flushed a bright crimson.

"Oh, uh, yes, he's been a good friend," replied John.

"Yes," smiled the older man, "William is a very nice young man and I would think you should do whatever you can to thank your new 'friend' and show him your 'appreciation'..." 

"Uh, yeah, sure," mumbled a confused John, not enjoying the odd grin on the man's face.

Charles placed his arm around his boys shoulders, turned to Billy and said, "Edward was such a wonderful dear last night in bed I'm taking him to the art museum today as a reward."

Billy smiled and said, "Enjoy the day, gentlemen!"

John was taken aback by the older man's openness. 

Billy opened his apartment door and ushered John inside. Billy stood in the center of the living room, arms crossed, staring expectantly at the younger boy.

With a sigh of exasperation, the blonde boy reluctantly began disrobing. This was something new the last couple days, and John wasn't yet comfortable with the added requirement.

When John stood wearing only black, string bikini briefs, Billy smiled and said, "Oh, nice black panties – they are very pretty!"

John fumed, "They're not PANTIES – they're BRIEFS - I bought them in the men's department!"

Billy's laughter filled the air.

The boy blushed a deep red again, realizing Billy had made the same comment now for three days, and he had responded with the same defense each day.

John made a move to assist in undressing Billy but the older boy waved him away.

"I'm too horny to wait for you!" said Billy as he stripped then stood only in boxer shorts.

"C'mon, sit on my lap...we're gonna change things up today!" said Billy as he sat on the sofa. He patted his strong thighs indicating where John should sit.

The boy set his shapely buttocks on his friends legs and Billy pulled him to his chest and kissed his forehead. Billy's hands wandered all around the younger boy's soft and silky flesh.

"I swear Johnny, you HAVE to be using some kind of skin conditioner – no real man's flesh can feel this smooth and soft!" said Billy who seemed contented to play with the boys breasts, pinching the nipples into hard points.

The boy flushed red one more time but said nothing. He had found the best way to get over Billy's snide comments and insults was to simply ignore them.

"Okay, sweetie, you know the rules, give me a kiss," said Billy with a wide grin on his handsome face.

John took a deep gulp of air, moved his face close to Billy and closed his eyes. He pressed his lips to his friends mouth, and waited for Billy to assume the lead.

Billy held Johns head as he expertly kissed the younger boy. When Billy forced his tongue inside the boys mouth, John tried to pull away. Between the intensity of the kiss, and Billy's fondling of his breasts, the boy's penis stiffened inside the briefs. John had never experienced such passion in a kiss.

Billy broke the kiss, and softly said, "Never pull away from me, understand?"

"Yes, Billy," replied the boy.

When their lips met again, the younger boy sighed and threw his arms around his friends broad shoulders. It wasn't long before John felt the tell-tale bulge of Billy's erection against his hip.

"You know what to do..." said Billy.

John shifted slightly on Billy's lap and reached his hand into his friends shorts. Instead of taking hold of Billy's hardness, the boy moved his open palm and fingers up and down the silky flesh of his friends six-inch cock until he could feel it throbbing and pulsating.

"Ohhh nice," groaned Billy. "You've really learned how to use your hands on me..."

The younger boy's erection strained against the cotton fabric of his briefs. He was suddenly glad he'd worn black today, maybe Billy wouldn't notice the growing stain of pre-cum leaking thru his briefs.

"Okay sweetie, I can't take anymore," said Billy.

The boy knew his cue and raised himself then sat beside Billy on the sofa. Billy pushed his shorts to his knees exposing his erection. The younger boy immediately took the hard cock in his left-hand and found the older boy's scrotum and held it in his right-hand.

John proceeded to slowly stroke Billy's hard cock. He knew from experience, it would take 5-6 minutes before Billy would tell him to go faster. 

"You know, sweetie, I've decided it's time we take our relationship to the next level," said Billy as he sat back enjoying the boys hands.

"What does that mean?" asked John. As if answering his own question he suddenly blurted out: "BILLY, you said I only have to use my hands – that was our deal!"

"Johnny, if you remember, my exact words were 'as long as you are making payments to me you only have to use your hands'...sweetie, have you even made ONE payment to me?"

"You know I only make 10 bucks an hour and I can barely pay the rent here!" John said frantically.

"Don't let go of my cock – keep stroking it! Good boy...now, did you or did you not agree to my offer?" asked Billy.

"Yes, but–-"

"But nothing...if it wasn't for me you couldn't have paid to have your car repaired and you would have lost your job by now...when you come here Monday morning for your keys and if I'm not happy with our arrangement, how are you going to get to work?"

"Billy, please..." whined John.

"Sweetie, you make it sound like the end of the world – it's not – it's just two guys making each other feel good," said Billy.

"But I'm not queer!" protested John.

Billy smiled and said, "Oh, sweetie, you keep telling me that but look at how your little dick responds every time you jerk me off – you love having my cock in your hands!"

"NO-NO—that's not true," said a frantic John.

"If you want to live in denial that's your problem, sweetie, all I can say is either pay me the money you owe me, or do whatever I tell you to do OR take a bus to work!"

"But it's ten-miles and there's no bus that goes there, you know that!" said John.

"Oh my, that IS a problem for you, isn't it?" the older boy said sarcastically.

When Billy saw the look of total despair on John's face, he leaned over and gently kissed him on the lips. The boy had the proverbial 'deer-caught-in-headlights' expression on his pretty face.

"Sweetie, I like you – I like you a lot...and I know you like me, too...would it be so awful if we made each other happy?" asked Billy.

"B-But...but people would know..." said the boy.

Billy chuckled and said, "People would know what? Have you seen our neighbors? Every person in this building is gay...did you see Charles earlier, he already thinks we're sleeping together...I don't know how or why you moved here, but I'm certainly glad as hell you did."

He then added: "It's your moment of truth, sweetie...I can promise you I will never talk about what we do together in this apartment...I can also promise you if you don't want to obey me, you will never drive your car until I am paid in full."

"That's blackmail," said John softly.

Billy smiled and replied, "Yes it is, sweetie, that's how much I want you to be mine!"

There was a long silence then John softly asked, "What do you want me to do?"

Billy thought his heart would burst with happiness. He pushed his boxers down and off his legs.

"Sweetie, get on your knees between my legs...I want to cum in that pretty mouth of yours!"