 I always dreaded my office's annual work trip. A whole ten days dedicated to trainings and lectures with the other members of management. A small upside was that it meant a week away from the hassles of my kids and wife. My wife and I got married right out of college and had kids immediately. Now we were in our mid-thirties and it was nice to get away every once in awhile. I would never cheat on her but I felt there was no harm in hitting the strip clubs with a couple of the other guys and looking at the forbidden fruit. 

The other positive of this year's trip was that it gave me a chance to catch up with my buddy Brad who had left our office nine months ago when he got promoted. Our families had been close before he left because we had kids that were around the same age. We had hit it off immediately at the company and rose through the ranks together. Our families took vacations together and we even started a poker night together with some of our other friends. 

The first day of the conference was as awful as I expected. But at night I met Brad at the hotel bar and we spent a lot of time telling each other what had happened for the past nine months. I told him about my girls and he told me about his son and soon it was just like old times.

"David I missed you bud. Nobody in my new town likes to party like you," he said after about three drinks holding his beer up in one hand.

"How about you and me go hit the town like old times?" 

Soon Brad was leading me from bar to strip club and Brad and I got increasingly inebriated. Close to 2:00 am when we were walking back to the hotel Brad had his phone out in his hand and he was muttering to himself about somebody responding to his ad. 

"What are you talking about?" I asked Brad whose face showed that he didn't realize he was talking so loudly. 

"Nothing dude," Brad said as he drunkenly slapped me on the shoulder. "It's just I can't go a week without getting some action and I've never been great at getting myself off. You understand right?"

I had heard plenty of Brad's stories from when he was in high school and college. He had been with more women than any man I had met. Even his stories about his wife were always dirtier than anything I had watched online. 

"So what do you do? You pay some chick for sex?" I asked, intrigued. I couldn't see how Brad was getting off without having some prostitute involved. 

"Dude you promise not to tell?" Brad asked looking at me. His eyes were big and he was speaking in a whisper as if somebody was going to pay attention to the ramblings of a drunk guy on the street at 2 in the morning. "It's super easy I just post an ad on craigslist and somebody always replies. Then a couple times during the week they come to my hotel room and give me a blowjob. That way I don't cheat on my wife."

I just looked at Brad shocked failing to comprehend how him getting blown wasn't cheating. "But how does some chick blowing you . . ." 

"I never said it was a chick," Brad stated quickly and then started walking again leaving me in his wake to think about what he just said. 

After a moment I ran up behind him and grabbed his shoulder. "Brad, you're gay?"

"Fuck no. You know I'm not gay. I don't do anything with the guy. You would be surprised how many men are out there just dying to drain another guy's dick. I don't touch them at all and tell them that upfront," Brad said.

I looked Brad up and down as he was talking. He was 6'2" tall and had a muscular build. He had played baseball in college and maintained his athletic physique. He was tan and wore his blond hair cropped short to his head. I could believe that if he posted a picture online that chicks would want to blow him. But I just couldn't imagine him doing anything with another dude. 

"I don't believe you." I said pushing open the door to the hotel. 

Brad continued to smile as he handed me his cell phone just as we reached the elevator. "Scroll through that," he said smirking. 

I looked down at his phone where he had opened a picture ap. The picture was of some guy standing fully clothed staring at the camera. "This proves shit," I said to Brad starting to hand the phone back. 

"Just scroll the right," Brad replied.

I swiped to the right and now the guy in the first picture was on his knees but still fully dressed. He was looking up at the camera and his face was splattered with cum. The guy had his tongue out and a puddle of cum had pooled on it. In the foreground of the picture was thick white cock that I could only assume was Brad's. I continued swiping and was treated to pictures of a dozen or so other men each featuring one shot of them standing and then one shot of them kneeling with their face coated in Brad's sperm. 

The first couple pictures in the series the guys looked like your sterotypical gay guy, skinny and hairless and begging for dick. But after those the men were different. In the first shot they were covering their faces with their left hands clearly showing off their wedding bands. The second shot was the same; those married men were on their knees in front of Brad's stiff cock covered in cum.

"Brad, I thought you were making this up," I said absolutely stunned. "Are some of these guys married?"

"Many married men secretly love to suck dick," Brad chuckled. "All they want to do from the moment they see my cock on craigslist is swallow it down to the bottom. They beg me for my cum and moan louder than any of the gay men. I guess some studs just have that effect on people"

By now we had reached my room and I handed Brad back his phone. "Well I don't know what to say to that Brad. I guess good luck?" 

I shut the door and sat down on my bed trying to process what Brad had shown me. One of my closest friends had men, married men, getting down on their knees to suck his dick. What could make a married man sink to that level?

As I stripped down to my underwear I realized that looking at those pictures had made me hard. My dick was tenting the front of my red boxers and I reached in to let my cock out of my fly. I looked at my member and couldn't help but compare it to Brad's dick in the pictures. Brad's dick looked to be maybe a bit bigger and thicker than mine. When my wife had measured it I had come in at around a respectable six inches but Brad's looked to be at least a couple inches longer and even thicker than mine. His dick stuck straight ahead and mine had a slight curve to it. 

I reached for my laptop and thought about browsing some porn but instead typed in Craigslist. It didn't take me very long to find Brad's advertisement: "Married man seeking cocksucker. Prefer marred and discreet. In town for the week. Will meet in lobby. Attached is a picture of my cock."

I scrolled down the page and looked at the dick shot Brad has attached. His face had been cropped out of the picture but it was definitely his body. He was wearing jeans and had his cock pulled out of the fly. He was wearing just a plain blue t-shirt that he had pulled up exposing his hard abs and a treasure trail leading down into his belt line. 

Without thinking I started typing a reply to Brad's post laughing as I did it. "Married and discreet here. Looking to suck dick. No reciprocity required. Willing to swallow." 

It took just a couple minutes for a reply to come in. I pictured Brad sitting in his hotel room just a few doors away with is hard cock out. "Meet me in the Marriott lobby at 10 am tomorrow for a morning session. I'm going to make your throat mine. I will be wearing the blue t-shirt and red ball cap. Ask me if it is too early for dessert. If I approve you can suck my dick in my hotel room."

My dick stayed rock hard as I read the entire response. I thought I had just been joking around by sending the e-mail but now I figured I would skip out of one of the morning conferences and see if Brad was really sitting there. I closed my eyes and the only images that came to mind were of Brad's dick and the creamy white loads of cum on the dude's faces after he fed them his cock. With just a few strokes my own cock was exploding and stream after stream of spunk landed on my chest. 

* * * * * * * * * * *

The next morning I nervously stuck with my plan to meet Brad in the hotel lobby at 10 am. I barely paid attention to the first speaker of the day and hurriedly left the conference room for the lobby as soon as he was finished. When I got there I scanned for Brad in his blue t-shirt and red ball cap. Finally I found him sitting at a small table in the corner near the café.

Brad looked shock when I sat down, and he glanced at his watch, checking to see how close it was to 10 am I guessed. 

"Why aren't you dressed for the conference?" I asked Brad pointing out his unusually casual attire. 

"I just wasn't feeling great, thought I would have a late breakfast," he said as he picked up a menu trying to act casual.

It was now or never. I looked down at my watch and saw that it was just after 10. Snatching the menu from him I started scrolling through the items. "I'm hungry too now that you say something. Do you think it is too early for dessert?"

Brad immediately looked up from staring at his watch and scanned my face. "You asshole. I thought I was going to get some actual head this morning. I am so fucking boned up you have no idea."

I smiled at him and then swallowed. I could call this off as a joke now but I suddenly wanted to see Brad's dick up close. Images flashed in my mind of my lips around his dick and my face coated in his cum. 

"Brad believe me when I say I have never done this before. I'm 100 percent straight. But seeing those pictures had me so horny last night. I don't know what it was but I think I want to do this," I said trying to look him straight in the eyes. 

"Then follow me buddy."

We got up from the table and walked to the elevators. My palms were sweating as Brad pressed the button for our floor. The elevator music made the ride feel like it lasted for eternity and I just starred at Brad from behind not wanting to make eye contact with him. As the doors finally opened Brad walked ahead of me down to his room. We had to pass mine and I briefly thought about going in and escaping this entire situation but just as quickly that thought passed. 

After Brad let us into his room and the door was shut he finally spoke to me breaking the tension. "The first thing we have to do is take your picture. I like to remember my cocksuckers in case I'm ever in the same place again. Since you're married you need to put your hand up to your face so I can see the ring." Brad instructed. His usually light jovial tone was gone replaced with a much more serious one. 

"But Brad, I'm your friend. Surely you don't need to take a picture of me," I said. I had assumed that since we were buddies he would skip over the picture taking phase for me.

Seeing the hesitation in my face, Brad grabbed at his crotch through his jeans. I could tell that his dick was hardening and could see the outline of his thick shaft through the pants. Seeing this convinced me that I needed to go through with this and slowly raised my hand to my face and Brad snapped a picture. 

"Good boy, now down on your knees for your reward," Brad commanded. Nobody had ever talked to me like that but I quickly sunk to my knees even more turned on. My cock was rock hard in pants, straining and throbbing, begging to be taken out. 

I positioned myself close to Brad, my face was eye level with his crotch. I tentatively reached out for his pants, unbuttoned them, and pulled them down around his ankles. Brad was wearing a tight pair of red, white, and blue boxer briefs. A clear outline of his hard penis was visible under the cotton. Instinctively I stuck my tongue out and started lapping at Brad's cock through the fabric. I traced the outline of his cock with my tongue eager to feel the full length of his substantial manhood.

"David I am going to make you a pro cocksucker by the end of this," said Brad as he pulled down his boxer briefs and removed the rest of his clothing. "I want to hear you beg for my cum, like all the other cocksuckers before you have done." 

I was now staring at Brad's hard cock. I strained to remember any other time in my life where I saw another guy's erect penis in penis and nothing came to mind. I studied Brad's with taking in every detail. His cock looked bigger in person than in the pictures and was easily eight inches long. Brad's cock ended in a engorged mushroom head. I reached out my hand and grasped the shaft and started stroking it up and down. His cock was slightly moist from the saliva that had leaked through from his underwear. His penis wasn't as thick as beer can but it felt that way as I glided my hand up and down. Brad also had a substantial set of balls hanging low under his dick. I could only imagine how long he had been saving up his load. 

Licking my lips I leaned in getting ready to taste cock for the first time. I didn't think I was ready to put it in my mouth just yet, instead I lowered my head to the base and started licking up Brad's shaft like a lollipop. My mouth was watering as my tongue made contact with Brad's cock. It felt warm on my tongue and I felt it pulsating with pleasure and anticipation. 

As I reached the top of Brad's dick I noticed that he was leaking precum. I had never wanted to taste my own before but now was excited at the prospect of tasting his. I flicked my tongue out of my mouth a scooped up what had collected in and around his piss slit. I brought the clear substance to my mouth tasting the musky flavor for the first time. Instead of being disgusted I was even more turned on.

"It's now or never David," said Brad. He had placed his hand at the base of his cock and was now teasing my mouth with it. He rubbed his cock head across my lips and onto my cheek leaving a trail of precum and saliva. 

Brad then placed his other hand on my head, grabbing a handful of my hair. "Open up," he said. 

I acquiesced to Brad's command and open my mouth. Brad guided the head of his dick until it was resting on my tongue and then let go. I closed my lips around Brad's cock letting just the head sit in my mouth. I explored the spongy texture with my tongue. The amount of precum flowing from his dick increased and I continued to collect each new deposit and swallow it down. 

After a few minutes of this Brad was clearly eager for more. Slowly he started to thrust more of his cock inside my mouth. I placed my hands on his firm ass cheeks willing to try and take as much of him as I could. Slowly Brad inched his cock further into my mouth and I struggled to adjust to the increased amount of meat inside me. Every few minutes Brad told me to breath and reminded me to watch my teeth. 

Finally I felt Brad's dick arrive at the back of my throat. I continued to swirl my tongue around his shaft, trying to keep it as wet and warm as possible. With a sudden jerk Brad pulled himself from my mouth. I gasped feeling the sudden emptiness and then Brad just as quickly shoved himself back in. He continued to face fuck me and moaned each time his dick popped out of my mouth.

"I didn't think that you were being serious when you first said the magic phrase down at the table. But I am so happy that you were." Brad said breathlessly. He then rammed his dick further into my mouth and I gagged as his large prick went deeper than ever before. I felt like I was going to choke on the thing before I got it all the way down. 

After a few more passionate thrusts I tried to push Brad away. "I can't take it all Brad," tears from my effort were streaming down my face but my dick was still hard as ever. 

"Don't talk. Your mouth is only good for one thing," Brad barked. "I think you just need a bit more inspiration. Some men don't recognize themselves as a cocksucker until they see it for themselves." 

Brad then grabbed me under the arms and lifted me off the grounds. Brad was a much stronger man then I was and he was demonstrating that to me. I walked behind him until we were positioned next to his bedroom mirror. Brad then placed his hands back on top of my head forcing me to my knees. 

Out of the corner of my eye I could see myself on my knees in front of Brad's stiff cock. I watched, unable to believe to person I was seeing was actually me, as I open my mouth and Brad stuck his dick inside. Brad's hands returned to my head and I knew that he was going to start face fucking me again. As he built up his rhythm I noticed that only two thirds of his dick was making its way into my mouth. I had to figure out how to swallow the whole thing. I was desperate to fully satisfy Brad. 

I traced my memory trying to recall every girl that had given me head and every porn story I had read. I thought I recalled some story where the girl literally swallowed the guy's dick in order to take it all. When Brad made his next trust I swallowed as his dick reached the back of my throat engulfing even more of him. 

"Fuck that's it. I knew you could do it," Brad stated clearly pleased. He increased the ferocity of his face fucking. In just a few more minutes Brad was assaulting my mouth with his full eight inches. Brad's pubes were trimmed but as Brad went forward my nose was buried in them. I inhaled the manly scent of Brad's musk who was starting to work up quite a sweat from the exertion. 

The feeling of Brad's dick in my mouth was sending me over the edge. I couldn't believe how it felt. I knew that I had to get Brad off and I wanted to take all of his cum down my mouth. When I couldn't take it any more I took the brief opportunity when Brad was out of my mouth to shout "Feed my your cum Brad. I want it all over my mouth and down my throat."

"I knew you would beg for it in the end boy," Brad said. His smile was so big he was almost laughing. Then he placed both hands on the side of my head and I knew that this was the big finale. 

With a few final thrusts Brad went over the edge. His orgasm began and a felt a jet of impossibly hot, thick liquid shot down my throat. I swallowed it down greedily enjoying the taste of a real man's cum for the first time. Without a moment to savor the experience, Bard had pulled his cock out of my mouth and was now coating my face in his liquid. I just stared straight ahead at his cock as a stream of cum went into my hair and was surprised at the disappointed I felt at not being able to drink it all. Brad gushed like a geyser and my face was quickly covered in cum. I saw myself in the mirror and couldn't believe the man I had become. 

As Brad finished he reached for his phone. Suddenly I remember the pictures that he showed me and I was horrified to realize that he would now have a picture of me drenched in his cum. "Stick out your tongue," Brad instructed and I did. Brad waited for cum to drip onto my tongue and then positioned his dick so that it would be in the shot as well. With one press of the button I had become a cocksucker and Brad would always have proof of that.