 Things changed slowly over the next half a year or so. Work was work, boring and uninteresting, but between that, my consistent aerobic gym work outs and keeping up with Danny took up the majority of my time. We saw each other every week or two, but sometimes he'd go days without texting me. He was definitely a bit of a bro, but he was always friendly and he could be very flirtatious. He definitely loved having his cock worshipped though, and I was more than happy to get on my knees. 

I'd still come upon pussy in my porn occasionally, after are all types of sissies out there, but I found that I was totally nonplussed by it. Cock, on the other hand absolutely made my own become erect. Especially one's like Danny's which was porn star status. I couldn't keep my hands off the thing, just squeezing and feeling it. Sometimes he'd get on the bed and let me suck his cock as I jerked myself off to the sheer satisfaction of having a throat full of his dick. I'd spend time at his place too, becoming a bit of a late night booty call. I never refused.

And while Danny was fairly tame in his desires and loved to be intimate, I saw Daddy a couple of times a month as well, when he was in town. Sometimes while he's travelling he'd buy me pretty outfits to wear for him. He had gotten me several collars as well, and I worked on my make-up. I loved spending time with daddy and being his cross dressing homosexual sissy boy. I'd be there for days sometimes, fetching him beer and food while he watched sports and keeping his cock warm with my mouth for hours if he wanted.

He'd fuck me in whatever position he felt like at the time and I learned how to ride him. I realized I could tease him, arouse him with how I moved, and he became quite fond of having me bouncing on his cock until my sissy juice leaked out, at which point he'd keep going, teasing multiple orgasms out of me. When I was with daddy, my mind just sort of turned off and I enjoy it immensely: no thinking, daddy did all of that for me.

To put it simply, I was overwhelmed in regular and constant gay sex. I felt little need to try out new things or experiment when I had a daddy who had all sorts of fun ideas and a casual boyfriend who's cock filled me with pleasure. Danny even was fond of me in panties, he thought they looked cute on me.

I was not at all bored of either, but after nearly a half year, I wanted more. Perhaps I had managed to rewire myself, adjusting my sexual orientation. I cared about Danny, though I didn't love him, and we never once had a bad time. I had an absolute lust for daddy by that point whom I genuinely thought of as my superior and a devastatingly sexy man. There wasn't really a method of going back, but I hadn't wanted to be gay - I wanted to be as gay as I could get. I would constantly have gay thoughts daily, remembering past encounters, fantasizing about new ones, wondering if I'd ever end up settling down with a man, and quite a bit of browsing cocks online. Very little aroused me more than realizing how hard men made me. 

It was as if my granite like erections were a visual undeniable reminder that I now had a sexual lust for men that bordered on the surreal. When people talked about extremely gay faggots, what they imagined was a goal in my mind that could never be reached and always expanded upon. Every stereotype, I wanted to fulfill.

Let's agree to just call this next little stretch of time my promiscuous phase. I spent a great deal of time online looking for men to have sex with, and there were some times where I slept with a different man for a week or two at a time basically. Being a cute gay twink had its' advantages and all sorts of guys were wanted to have sex with me. 

And I wanted to have sex with them! I had no desire to penetrate anyone, ever, but many of my partners did want to suck my dick, and since they made me so hard I figured it was only fair. Each new encounter only cemented my sexual orientation further as every single one of them sexually aroused me. I sucked and fucked often in the same positions, over and over with different men. I was blowing men in their late fifties one night and letting a skinny hipster hump me the next afternoon. 

I still saw Danny and daddy regularly as well, and on the weekends I'd hit up gay bars. Grindr was useful, especially in a pinch, but I also wanted test out the bar scene. I used my tightest skinny jeans that accentuated my ass, and equally tight shirts. I barely had any curves to me outside my posterior and thighs, and my hair was shoulder length at the time, and I learned how to keep it straight and parted, though it always curved at the tips, and I developed the habit of brushing it out of my face, and sometimes behind my ear. 

The first time I sat down at a table and ordered a drink, I had several men eyeing me. I picked one, at random, by keeping eye contact with him while feeling a fluttering in my chest. I let him buy me drinks, and thanks to my experiences with Danny, I was able to listen and even flirt with him without seeming totally clueless. We ended up back at his place with a bottle of whisky, and I didn't leave until the next morning.

Somewhere around then was where I first lost track of how many men I'd slept with. Were there more whose dicks I'd sucked than ones who'd fucked me? It was like trying to remember the names of the seven dwarves: you had most of them, but one or two escaped you.

Eventually this period slowed down as well, it was simply too tiresome to keep up with. I hadn't slept with the same guy twice, which just as many of them preferred as well. The feeling of a load being emptied into my rectum was a powerful reminder that where once my initial reaction to the thought of being fucked was "Ugh, no." It was now intensely erotic instead, I was a faggot who craved anal penetration as much as I craved the looks the straight men who caught me looking at me sent my way.

It was in this down period that I met Skyler. I have to say here, Skyler was nowhere in my plans. Danny and I were hooking up less frequently, though there was no specific reason and one evening I got a message from this very pretty looking young guy. I am definitely no slouch, but I'm not especially good looking, and I did focus on looking as least masculine as I could. 

This guy however seemed to almost focus on looking as feminine as possible, and damn could he pull it off. His hair was a dark black and shoulder length that he kept tied up in a ponytail, and it just looked like a girl's hair, however he had pulled that off. We were similar in height and he was similarly shaped as well, though less defined below the waist both in that his ass and thighs were skinnier than mine, and that his penis was adorable, a short stub that struggled for its' three inches, just enough to poke out of the tip his panties, a cute thing with cartoon unicorns on it. Why hadn't I thought of that?

He was only two years younger than me at twenty five, but he looked slightly younger than that even. His lips looked were clearly defined underneath a button nose that was topped by a pair of pretty green eyes. His complexion was slightly brighter than average, but not by much and he had a couple of light freckles under his eyes. Both his ears were pierced and had those small ring piercings through them, and he had a tattoo of dolphin on his abdomen and his left arm that had a sleeve tattoo from his shoulder up that was a mix of brighter colors, as if it was escaping from some void onto him in a style that could only be called artistic. He had his fingers held up in a peace sign and a goofy grin. 

Up until that point, my preferences had led me straight in one direction: I liked my guys to be masculine and heavier than me. I liked them older as well, as daddy knew very well. Skyler was none of those things. He was a cute, fruity queer femme boy. I know this because it clearly stated so on his profile. I could associate with the sissies I had seen in porn, I had wanted to be like them not wanted to be with them. Skyler was different though, I just found him so damn cute that I was honestly shocked at the strength of that feeling. 

His first message even turned me on, "I'm pretty gay for you." He was interested in me! I looked back at his picture, and felt my erection growing. He was undeniably cute, and yet I didn't want to fuck him. I told him exactly what I thought, "I'd like to be very gay with you." I don't think I'd used gay as a verb before, but I liked it because it was true.

He was finishing college and worked part time as a barista, but mostly he was as horny a sissy as I was becoming. He was an avid cross dresser with a selection that blew my own moderate collection and he knew how to wear it. His profile was written pretty damn similar to my own, and I wondered how I'd not seen his profile first. I'm not quite certain if it was his appearance alone or how gay he was that turned me on more.

The idea of being with someone similar to myself was enticing. I'd never been as into making out as I was with Skyler. With daddy, it was more primal, I was more of a piece of meat to be used. With Skyler, it was like being submerged in homosexuality. Two horny faggots who couldn't get enough of each other's bodies. His penis was cute and as painfully hard as mine and I loved to tease the tip of his dick until his hips shook. He loved to play with my genitals, he could barely keep his hands off them when we weren't having sex.

Neither of us wanted to top however, the woes of two bottom gay boys was not that much of an issue: We dildo'd each other silly, knowing neither of us could quite perform that way. We texted endlessly, and our hook ups became more like hanging out with sex, two, three, four nights a week. We bonded over our mutual appreciation of men. And while we both agreed we had a preference for a certain type of men, we joked that we'd split them evenly. 

We joked about a lot of things, actually, and I found myself seriously missing him when he wasn't around. I had as much fun rubbing dicks with him as I did stoned out of our minds watching TV and playing video games. We'd fondle each other's bodies, grabbing ass, licking and sucking every spot, our dicks rubbing against the other's body, and could spend half an hour swapping between sucking on balls and rimming. Then we'd get dinner, watch something on Netflix while doing each other's nails.

Basically, we fell for each other, and hard. Unsurprisingly, he was also polyamorous, but his only partners were purely sexual so far. And while I had known Danny longer, it was not the same feelings as I had for Skyler, not the same at all. Two boyfriends and a daddy? It sent a shiver down my spine at how gay I'd become and how much I enjoyed it. But I loved it when Skyler came by after having one of his men's cum still in him, and I could smell them on his ass. It was as if his gayness alone could turn me on, and I'd encourage him to find a daddy like mine, a man with a great big cock who would totally dominate him.

Our relationship turned serious almost overnight, and he was the first guy I ended up introducing to Marie as well, who wanted to meet this cute boyfriend I was talking about. She joined us after work one Friday evening for drinks. And while she had seen me that one time at the gay strip club and seeing my pretty twink boyfriend and I kiss when he met us at the bar. She seemed to get along with him very well, and she definitely thought he was attractive, which in turn made me feel smug. After a couple of drinks, she mentioned she had never known both sides of a gay couple which prompted Skyler to turn and kiss me passionately on the lips for just a moment, when he pulled back my face was stuck in a longing smile. 

She hadn't been uncomfortable with it at all, wishing her boyfriend was into her as we obviously were into each other. She called it quits early, but Skyler and I ended up staying for several more rounds. We were both too drunk and caught a taxi to his place. He had way more clothes than I did back then, and we were close enough in size that what fit him, fit me. I ended up in a set of hot pink lingerie that was just slightly too tight for me, but oh so cute and Skyler had a sexy sheer purple negligee with dark purple panties that had quite the bump in it. He was adorably cute, and I wanted to suck that tiny dick of his, but we kept going until we were fully made up, doing each other's make up, adjusting, fixing. He looked totally gay with his brows contoured and the septum piercing, biting his bottom lip with his tattoos clear as day. My appreciation of his appearance only made me open to appreciating myself, and while I wasn't as pretty as Skyler, but more feminine than the majority of males, I was more clearly a cross dressing male. 

Our foreplay was often filled with comments like "I love how gay you are" or "You're just a horny sissy faggot" because it was true. The simple brutal honesty of it was that it was true, and Skyler and I had some incredibly sensual homosexual sex. No dildos, no penetration with genitals, just horny groping, squeezing, licking and kissing of each other's body. We sixty-nined, our most common sexual position simply because we were both fairies who excited the other into a homosexual ecstasy.

While we had both arrived at the same place through different paths, we understood each other well: our lust for men was overpowering, and we knew we couldn't fulfill all of the other's needs. There was no jealousy or bitterness, how could there be? We both found heavyset older men to be ideal partners, they made us feel inferior and taken after, utterly emasculated and our dicks hard. I was always in chastity with daddy and could orgasm with only a slight hardness to my penis, but if I were ever unlocked he'd easily see how horny he made me. Skyler didn't have a daddy, but he did have a couple of bear like men who he slept with on a regular basis, one who let him dress up. We even ended up sharing Danny, who had no problem with two gay boys licking his dick at the same time.

It was around this time that I started to alter my appearance, or as Skyler and I liked to think of it: looking gayer. He could get away with a bit more as a barista than I could with my office job, but I did starting getting manicures regularly, and took very good care of my skin. I did get both my ears pierced, but at this time it was mostly hidden by my hair, but I was able to use earrings from then on. I've got quite the collection from butterfly earrings to pink studs, and I adore the larger hoop earrings that dangle and bounce around as someone bends me over, and daddy just loves them.

With Skyler, he was just so cute and embarrassingly gay that I wanted to gay with him. With daddy though... That had become an uncompromising lust. Where Skyler barely had any scent at all, just a whiff of daddy's odor could get me in the mood if I hadn't seen him for a little while. 

I would personally tongue bathe his armpits to get more of that smell. It smelled of defeat and I couldn't get enough of it! There wasn't a part of his body that my tongue wasn't well acquainted with. I couldn't wait to tell him how much I'd missed him since the last time, and I'd go lightheaded as he would passionately kiss me, then hand me the buttplug. I quite enjoyed prancing around like a faggot with a tail, and there was never I time in his presence where I had an empty ass for more than a few minutes. I could end up nursing his cock as he nursed several beers through a football game, or I'd cuddle into him while we watched whatever was on. 

The part of me that used to think how wrong this was a much smaller voice than the one that was telling me how nice it was to be with a real man like Ted. He made me feel humiliated, lustful, safe and exceedingly gay. And while he was often rough with me, especially given his size, he also loved to make passionate love to me missionary style, feeling his solid body pressing into mine, his overwhelmingly masculine presence making me quake with lust was something I absolutely needed.

At that point, my confidence was higher than it had ever been. Part of me would always feel silly cross dressing, the proportions weren't just right, and it felt awkward but at the same time, it turned me on. I genuinely believed I looked hot, or cute, or sexy dressed up like a sissy, and there were oh so many ways I could do that. I wanted to experiment with different looks, different styles. My first purchase was a lengthy, full blonde wig, about mid-back in length. It famed my face, and hung down on my shoulders, some it falling on my chest and some on my back, but they key was that I could put it in long, full pig tails. 

I used some satin pink scrunchy pink bows to hold the pigtails in place. A little bit of dark eyeshadow to make my eyes stand out and a regular shade of red lipstick. I could basically blush on command at that point, and I kept the earrings off as the wig as full and thick and completely covered my ears. Around my neck I put a choker, with a single silver heart at the front and the band itself was multicolored with bright shades of red and yellow and pink and purple.

My bra was a very hot pink, and the bottom of it could be seen poking out from an extremely short black crop top that left everything from just slightly under my chest completely visible. My "skirt" was a precious pink plaid mini. It had a black stretchy fabric holding it in place, which is good because it only covered about half of my ass and had two layers of a black sheer fabric, completely see through that stuck out several inches. I did my nails as well, both on my hands and feet, the same red as my lipstick, before slipping into almost knee high bubblegum pink socks. I even got a new pair of heels for the outfit, more like heel boots made of suede, with three inch heels. 

Let's just say Skyler was a big fan. I teased him mercilessly with pictures of me posing, licking my dildo and lollipops. He made a beeline from his place to mine in record time. It was only after we had jerked each other off and were cuddling in bed and sharing a phone to watch funny videos that it hit me how normal our relationship had become. We kept extra toothbrushes at each other's place, had favorite restaurants to eat at or order in and even shared clothes. 

Just a little bit different than I'd imagined, given that we were also browsing for dildos, which ones might feel the best, maintenance and reviews and every time I did laundry I was washing cum stuns out of panties or stockings. At work, no one really treated me differently, but most people I spent time with regularly knew I was in a gay relationship simply from overhearing things like I was going to meet my boyfriend that weekend and such.

While Danny and I would still chat occasionally, we only saw each other once or twice a month. While he had an incredible hunk of meat between his legs, I wanted to try more cocks. I would get home from work, pop open Grindr and see who was nearby. For the most part these were all one off anonymous encounters, with a few exceptions. There was something about these encounters, which for the most part were very silent, with few words exchanged. They had practically terrified me at the start, but now it had become actually casual. 

I'd swipe through profiles idly, while waiting in line for groceries or on lunch time at work all the time, and pick someone once or twice a week, whomever struck my fancy at any given moment. Mostly they were older than me, but I did end up teaching a few eighteen year old guys a thing or five. One of the hotels I frequented were aware I was a regular visitor, and one of the guys at the front desk always gave me dirty looks. I wonder if he knew I would've happily sucked his dick too?

