 (Gay, Twinks/Males, Submission/Domination, Interracial, School)

All characters are 18+ Years Old.

This story contains sex between 5 Black teenage students and their racist teacher. The teenagers dominates the teacher. The N-word will be used fairly often but in context, as the main protagonist is a racist teacher member of the KKK, also the students will often address each other using the N-word. Keep in mind though that Black people in this story are actually the dominant party. This story is not promoting racism in any way, it's just a piece of fiction. If you are offended by the use of the N-word in any context, stop reading now. This is just a fantasy. Always play safe in real life.

MAIN CHARACTERS:

John Donovan = 41 Teacher 

Leroy = 18 Student and gang leader 

Marvin = 18 Student 

Jamal = 18 Student 

David = 18 Student 

Dwane = 18 Student

Real History: In 1954, in the case of the Brown v. Board of Education, the Supreme Court ruled that racial segregation in schools was unconstitutional. In Brown v. Board of Education, which was litigated by the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, a unanimous Court declared segregated education systems unconstitutional. 

Before 1954, the USA educational system was ruled by racial separation between White and Black students, under the "separate but equal" motto. It was January 1953, John Donovan was a 45 years old High school teacher in Topeka, Kansas. 

John was married with Barbara 42, and had two sons, Mark who was 18 and was a senior in Highschool, and Jeff who was 23 and was serving in the Army. Before starting his teacher career, John was in the Army too, and fought in WW2. At the time, he was stationed in southern Italy. Like many white men of the time he was a racist white supremacist and a secret member of the KKK. So it wasn't a surprise that he hated teaching Black boys. Teaching in a School for Black students didn't sit well with John, and if that wasn't bad enough, the school in which he was teaching was one of the worst performing school in the country. The kids came from a really run down area, and weren't too interested in an education, in particular when this education was administrated by racist white teachers like John Donovan..

Today there was a special teacher meeting summoned to deal with a situation of severe gravity. A group of 5 boys raped a female student, they got caught by the janitor who reported them to the Principal.

John as usual seemed the most vocal, "Those niggers will never stop behaving like animals, why we even give them an education," he yelled pacing in the middle of the room.

He received few cheers by some of his colleagues, not surprisingly, since the teaching staff was all made by white teachers, 15 in total, and many of them sympathised with John ideas, which were well known to his colleagues. But not everyone agreed with him, one of them was the Principal. "Calm down John, and watch your language, I don't tolerate this kind of language in this school. Remember you are here to educate those kids. This happened under your watch. Those are your students after all," the Principal pointed out.

John wasn't happy with his boss rebuttal, "Are you implying I am not doing my job?" he said scowling at his boss.

"I am not implying anything, I am just suggesting you calm down," the Principal shot back.

Another teacher bumped in the conversation, "So what are we going to do about it?"

The Principal stood up and started pacing nervously in the middle of the meeting room, "Well, the girl didn't want the authorities to get involved, and I agree we shouldn't either. That wouldn't be good for the school reputation..." he was interrupted by another teacher.

"What reputation, we don't have one to start with," the bold fat white teacher said sarcastically. The Principal didn't disagree, he was realistic, "True, but we cannot afford this incident to come to light, it would be a huge national scandal of magnitude never seen before. We don't need this kind of publicity."

The only female teacher in the school asked, "So what do you propose Mr. Paddinghton."

The Principal knew that, what was about to say wasn't going to be popular so he hesitated for a moment, "I don't propose anything, it's not up to me, it's already been decided, the punishment will be...a week detention."

"A week detention? For raping a poor girl? What message are we going to send to the rest of the Students. And what about me? I will not feel safe with those animals around," the female teacher protested.

"I don't think you should worry, I've got more chances of being raped, and I am not exactly Rock Hudson," the old fat teacher commented, referring to the lady teacher looks of an old librarian.

"And what's that supposed to mean?" the female teacher shot back.

The Principal took over the conversation which was escalating rather quickly, "I understand your concern Miss Marple, but it's all been decided by the school board, they didn't want to expel the boys either, because putting them on the streets would be more dangerous that keeping them at school, where they are at least monitored."

John wasn't pleased with what he was hearing, "So they decided to punish us, instead of those animals...just great!" But the Principal had even worst news for John, "And that's not all, because you, John, will be the teacher who is going to supervise them during their detention." John didn't even reply, he was so mad that he knew that, saying what he was thinking, would have probably get him sacked, so he just stormed off the room, slamming the door behind his ass.

The next day after the end of the regular lessons, John stayed in the classroom with the detention boys. "Alright boys read your books, and be quite, I am not in a mood today."

"You are never in a mood teach..." Leroy quipped.

"Leroy..." John said scowling at him, trying to control his temper.

The handsome black teen just grinned, he then bent over his desk resting his face on the book he was supposed to read, showing sign of extreme boredom. Suddenly there was a knock on the door, "Come in," John said.

The old janitor popped his head in and asked John, who was also the vice Principal, if he could go home, "Mr. Donovan, I finished with my duties, can I go home?"

"Sure. Everyone else left already?"

"Yes, it's only you and the boys," the janitor said as he handed over a bunch of keys to the teacher.

"Alright, go home Richard, I will lock the school doors as soon as I finish here."

Once the janitor left, the boys started to whisper to each other. "Silence!" John booming voice was deafening.

John watched Leroy rising his hand, asking permission to talk. "What it is now Leroy?"

"Teach, it is true that you hate black people? I heard you call us niggers behind our back," the hunky black teenager said.

"It's none of your concern Leroy," the teacher shot back.

"Well, it kind of is, you are our teacher. But you can be honest, we won't get offended. I can tell you that I hate white people, and I specifically hate you, teach. I hope you don't get offended," the cocky student replied. He was looking for a reaction from his teacher, and he got it.

The teacher was taken aback by his student honesty so without even thinking he replied, "Well, between us, I think you niggers are not supposed to mix with the rest of the civilized society. Only your kind could rape a poor girl and think that's fine, you are just animals."

"That's not good teach. That's racist. And you know who I hate more than White people? White racist pigs," Leroy said with a calm but menacing voice, as he stood up and approached the teacher desk.

Even though John was an ex army Sergeant, he was alarmed by that turn of events, and instinctively recoiled on his chair, "Hang on a second, you said you would not get offended..." John replied nervously.

"I lied, I just wanted you to show us your true colours, and you fell right into my trap. I thought white trash was supposed to have a higher IQ level than us niggers," Leroy said sarcastically as he grabbed the bunch of keys laying on the desk.

"Give me those keys," said John trying to snatch the keys from the hunky teenager hands, but Leroy was quick in putting them in his pockets. 

John was getting increasingly worried now, the school was quite isolated and he was alone with those angry boys "Hey, hey, hey. Everyone calm down. I didn't mean anything by that. It just came out the wrong way."

John tried to look as calm as he could, but the boys could smell the fear in the air, "The wrong way? No, you are just a racist White pig," Leroy said as he sat on the desk right in front of his now frightened teacher.

"Sit down! All of you before I lose my patience," John yelled tried to sound authoritative, but the boys didn't budge.

"I am sitting already, thank you very much, teach," Leroy said with a smirk, while shifting his ass left and right on the teacher desk, to signal he was conformable just where he was. Meanwhile all the other 4 lads gathered around John. The teacher was now in full panic mode, he tried to stand up but one of the lads pushed him down back on his seat. "Alright, guys, sorry my meaning was misunderstood but there is no reason to make things worse. Take your sit and I'll forget about it."

But the young men were not in the mood to be reasonable. Leroy replied, "Hell no! You wanted to fuck with niggers, we now gonna fuck with you," the leader of the group said while folding his arms on his chest.

"You tell him, Leroy. You tell him true," one of the boys yelled.

Leroy flashed a bright white smile at his gang and then turned that smile to John ignoring his protests, "So, what should we do with this filthy racist, huh?"

The gang members shouted a variety of suggestions that, to the dismay of the teacher included, hipping, caning, even kicking the daylights out of him.

The terrorised teacher managed to reply, "Now, wait, let's not go off half-cocked..."

But the mention of cock presented Leroy with an idea of what to do with his captive. He smirked and said to his teacher, "Half-cocked? What about a full cock instead? Or maybe five. Even better no?"

John was horrified by Leroy words, surely the boy could no possibly mean what John was thinking.

"Leroy, don't tell me yo are thinking of..." asked one of his friends.

"Yeah, why not, we gonna teach this racist piece of shit, his right place. Strip him!"

This time John did a bigger effort to stand up, but 3 of the lads were keeping him still. "Listen boys, whatever you are thinking of doing, it will send you straight to jail. It's taking revenge over your teacher worth jail?" this time John was visibly shaking.

"We are not taking revenge on a teacher, we are teaching a racist pig a lesson. And that is worth going to jail. Although I doubt you will say anything, I am not sure advertising to everyone that you were raped by 5 teen niggers would be a wise thing to do. What your friends at the KKK would think, knowing that your ass has been violated and inseminated by 5 Black cocks," Leroy smirked at his visibly shaken teacher.

"I got it right, didn't I? You are a member of the KKK, aren't you?" Leroy pressed him.

At hearing those words John almost fainted, but he decided to ignore that question, "You can't possibly be serious? I am not a girl, you can't rape me? Are you faggots as well as niggers?" John realised too late the big mistake he made.

Leroy slapped him on the face, "By the end of this, you will no longer be a man, I promise you that," the boy snarled on his face while holding tight the chin of the teacher with his strong hands.

Once again John protested but once again their protests were ignored. The teacher was completely overpowered, they were 5 of them, and even if he was much bigger than most of them, he knew he could not win this fight. Multiple hands tore at his clothing removing first the jacket, and then shirt followed by his wife-beater top. This actually took a good deal of time as John struggled and fought. The struggling was halved when Marvin punched the teacher on his sides. As he was recovering from the hit, John was almost helpless to prevent his boots, socks, and pants being yanked from hi body, only his tie was left on his naked body. 

"What a pathetic sight," said Leroy, checking his teacher body up to bottom, and what is this, a clitoris?" said Leroy playing with John tiny white dick. He was using a ruler that he found laying on the desk. All the boys laughed. Leroy then hit the teacher on his arm with the same ruler, "On the floor!" John screamed in pain.

"No yelling or screaming, try to be a man if you can. On the floor I said", Leroy repeated. This time two of the boys lifted the teacher and literally threw him on the floor beside the desk, as each boy landed a few well placed kicks on his sides. John didn't scream this time, he was a man after all, he could take pain.

Those kicks increased the anger of the recipient though, which in turn fuelled the others. Leroy stood to the side laughing as he watched his teacher trying to prevent the inevitable. John even manage to stand up. "Seriously teach, you need to calm down now. On your knees!" Leroy instructed him. He didn't comply.

Leroy scowled at the teacher but spoke to someone else, "Marvin, teach him how to follow orders."

Sudden, intense pain on the back of his knees caused John to crumble forward.

"So, every time you don't do what you're told, Marvin will take care of you. Marvin likes hitting people, don't you, Marvin?" Leroy said turning towards his tall friend.

Marvin moved to Leroy's side so he could be seen and softly said, "Yeah, I do, bro. Specifically White pigs."

Leroy bent over to make eye contact with his captive, "Clear, sucker?" This time John nodded in silence. "I don't hear you. I said, Clear?"

"Clear..." was the teacher weak response.

"Good teach. Now guess what's going to happen to you, little piglet?"

John didn't have to answer he knew what was coming, He could not believe that those boys would rape a man, "Please don't do it, anything but this, please. You can't do that, I am not a faggot," John begged.

"Ohh...I think you are, you just don't know it, yet. All white men are faggots. By the time you leave here, you're goin' wish we killed you. Instead."

Once again John tried to use logic and reason, "Guys... Leroy, don't do anything more, and you won't end up in prison. Seriously boys, this is not worth it. You know..." John said while following Leroy with his eyes who was pacing around him and was now standing right in front of him.

"You still talking? Since you like to flap your lips, flap them around this," Leroy pulled open his jeans and freed his cock from his boxers. 

John was frozen, he never seen a cock so big, it was only semi hard, but it was at least 7 inches already, and almost as thick as his wrist. He heard that black guys packed big penises, but he thought it was just hear say. During war, he saw dozens of cocks, big grown up men didn't pack anything closer to that monster, and this was just a diminutive 5'7" tall 18 years old boy. But then again, he never saw a black man completely naked before. He was mesmerized by it, he just could not take his eyes off it. It didn't seemed real. Men can possibly grow cocks this size. He was so taken by it, that he even stopped struggling for a moment.

The teenager looked at the shocked expression on the face of his teacher, "That's the first time you've seen a black cock, I assume. Huge isn't it? That's a real man cock. Unlike you white trash, we can satisfy our women, and filthy faggots like you," Leroy said with a smirk on his face.

John could not speak. Leroy stepped forward and he brushed his cock head against John's mouth. John tightened his lips refusing entry. The teacher could smell the funky odour coming from Leroy huge mushroom sized cockhead. It was supposed to be disgusted by it, but he wasn't. On the contrary, that smell caused his 5" cock to start rising.

John felt really strange, suddenly he didn't feel in control of his body any more. Mechanically, he parted his lips and stretched his mouth to accommodate the huge head. "Woah...that was quick," Leroy said gloating over his achievement, looking around at his friends, who seemed as surprised as he was. Not as surprised as John himself though, who was now holding the boy hot cockhead in his mouth, not really sure what to do with it, but most importantly, he could not explain how it ended there. The John he knew would never had opened his mouth willingly to that disgusting piece of Black meat, this was not him. He had a nigger reproductive organ in his mouth, the same thing those animals put inside a vagina to make baby niggers. The same thing they use to expel the piss out of their bladder. THAT thing was resting in his mouth! And he let it in. That didn't make any sense.

"Come on teach, don't be shy, give it a taste," Leroy teased him. There was now complete silence, the other boys even stopped restraining the teacher who stopped struggling. Everyone was focused on the scene, wondering what their disciplinarian white supremacist of a teacher would do next. Tentatively John extended the tip of his tongue on the brown mushroom, it tasted salty, and the tongue felt incredibly good against its silky skin, so he gave it another lick, then another, until he started swirling his tongue all around the big helmet.

"He is licking it, isn't he?" said Marvin. Leroy nodded, smiling. "Whoa..." that's all that Marvin could muster.

Those boys might talk a lot about faggots, but they never saw a real one. They just could not believe a man would suck a cock willingly. Men don't do that. This was something only women are supposed to do, and only a tiny amount would actually do that, this was the 50's after all. Although they all had their fair share of girls in their young life, of the five teenagers, only Leroy and Dwane got a blowjob so far. That's how rare it was at that time. Not even Cindy, the girl they were wrongly accused of raping, wanted their dirty cocks in her mouth, yet their KKK male teacher, took it in at the first try, with almost no resistance. This was hot beyond belief.

"I am telling you, I hope you guys didn't have any plans for later, because this bitch is going to keep us here for long. He doesn't look like he is in a hurry," Leroy commented.

"Ahahh...he is fucking loving it, look how he moves his head to find the best angle... and look, he's got a fucking erection," Dwane pointed out.

Leroy could see it, but the other 3 had to bend over to see their teacher's puny 5" willy standing up to full attention.

"You niggers always wondered how a faggot looked like. Look no further," Leroy said pointing with both hands down to his cock sucking teacher.

All the boys giggled, but John didn't care, they weren't talking about him, they were just talking about that faggot over there. That disgusting faggot sucking on that nigger cock, nothing to do with him. John still didn't fully realized what was happening, he was lost in his own world, it almost felt like an outside body experience. He saw someone that looked like him sucking a nigger boy, but that could not possibly be him. But suddenly John was brought back to reality.

Seeing that John was loving his chocolate bar a bit too much, Leroy decided to make it more fun. After all it was supposed to be a punishment, not a fucking reward. He quickly dropped his jeans on his ankles, the teenager was now standing with his grey boxers, and his thick cock sticking out the opening. He put his hand behind his teacher head and pushed further until his cock hit the back of John's mouth. John gasped for air. His assailant pulled back so John could breathe. He pushed forward again, this time even further. The teacher had to put both hands on Leroy' smooth muscled thighs, gripping them to keep his balance.
