 Summary:

After seventeen year of a one-sided rivalry between two childhood friends, one man's past mistakes brings him to his knees in a series of calculated events...

DISCLAIMER: DO NOT READ if you will be offended by various forms of humiliation, name-calling, etc. this is meant to be a power-fetish fantasy story, with elements of domination/submission. The author is DOES NOT encourage such behavior in real life except between two consenting individuals as part of their personal relationship. TL;DR - this is FICTION for erotic purposes. If you will read too much into it, you should not be reading this. 

*****

My name is Matt, and I am twenty-three years old. My best friend and occasional rival is John Sanderson. While I was born in a middle-class family, John came from a wealthy family. That's how he came to inherit FreshScents, a fragrance company for men and women.

But John much prefers lazing about and spending money to doing paperwork and research. That's where I come in. We're both pretty smart, but John got me this job because he knew he could count on me to run the company.

We agreed to be partner CEOs. I did the work and John wooed the clients.

Which, honestly, was easy for him. At a lean 6'3" and something near 8% body fat, John had the physique of an athlete. Combined with his light blue eyes and sandy blonde hair, grown to an easily styled length, John drew women to him like cat to catnip. He had perfected a mischievous smile revealing rows of white teeth that even disarmed some men.

He was just the kind of guy that had a very strong physical aura.

Ever since we were kids, John has always gotten the better pick of everything - resources, attention, women, popularity. But John's laziness and arrogance eventually crossed a line.

In a month's time he wouldn't be anything like his former self.

This is the story of how I turned a lazy, self-absorbed pretty boy into a cock-sucking faggot desperate to be stuffed with meat and used like a slut.

*******

"Hey sport." The familiar baritone caught my attention as I felt a presence standing at the entrance to my office. John grinned at me - a sort of self-satisfied smirk, really - and I shook my head.

"I know that look," I said, "What are you up to now?" 

He held up his hands in protest, innocence entering his eyes.

"What? Chill bro, I'm just checking in." He chuckled and spread himself out on one of the chairs in front of my desk. "How's the work coming along?"

I sighed. "This month's financial statements look good, but I'm not done checking through everything."

"Really? Great."

We sat there in silence, and he tapped his fingertips together. John glanced at me out of the corner of his eyes. "So, I've been hearing very good things about a club that just opened downtown... apparently they serve brilliant tapas. Good music. And most importantly, a lot of chicks are into it at the moment."

I rubbed my temples and put down my pen. "We've got a meeting in thirty minutes."

"Do we? You can take care of that," John said confidently. "And anyway, you've always been better at explaining the results, doing the research..."

"...doing the work?"

"Yeah. Stuff like that," John smiled. "But if you're about done with everything else today, I guess I can wait till you're finished up with the meeting."

He wandered over to the window, peering out between the blinds. "We'll get there just around seven, perfect for snagging some dinner companions."

I did like the sound of that, but the curse of our rivalry often meant we often set our eye on the same girl, and John typically won. Not that I was bad-looking - I was shorter and less defined than John, but at six feet and a head of dark hair and dark eyes, I fit the stereotype of 'tall and dark'. My practical intelligence and manner offset John's casual flirting. Together, we easily got our pick of women.

"Come on man!" John said, "No point in overworking yourself. You gotta let loose sometime. And how long has it been since you stopped seeing that chi- Nora, or something-"

"Emma," I said. "It's been awhile." He had a point. "I guess I'll go with you after the meeting. This stuff can wait till tomorrow."

John beamed, jumping out of the chair. "Attaboy! I'll be your wingman. Any girl you want man." I raised my eyebrows and stood up, shuffling papers away.

As he was walking out the door, he suddenly snapped his fingers. "Oh wait." John turned on his heel, frowning.

"I totally forgot, but I was meaning to ask you, how's that research project I wanted you to look into?" 

I frowned at him. "We have a lot. Which one are you talking about?"

"Come on man, you know the one. The hormone mixture thing. I've got a lot of clients waiting on that one. Could be quite the profitable bidding war." He rubbed his hands together eagerly.

"The pheromone-infusion? It's still going through trials right now. We haven't finished experimentation."

John sighed. "What?" He shook his head sadly. "I thought you were at least ready with a beta product by now. You need to get that done before the client meeting this Friday." 

"You never said that had an important deadline."

He shook his head again. "I must have - don't you realize this project could rake us in millions?" John looked at the stack of paperwork on my desk. "I guess you forgot. You seem really behind. Sorry man, I didn't realize that. Guess you won't be leaving work early today then."

He sighed again and walked back out. "Get on that and let me know when we have something as possible, you understand?"

As John's footsteps faded away, I scanned my memories of the past week. He had mentioned starting an interesting research project, but I had definitely not been informed it was of urgency.

I looked the stack of paperwork on my desk and rolled me eyes. "And what exactly does he expect when he's having me doing both our work? If his Dad hadn't gave him this company, I'd say it should be mine by now."

My phone buzzed on the desk, indicating a new message. I picked it up, and my mood got a little better. It was from a girl I had started talking to. We had a couple dates, exchanged numbers. I'd been looking forward to seeing her again... in a way, she's the only one since Emma that got my jokes and could make me laugh as well.

Jasmine: hey babe, whatchu up to?

Me: work, u know, same old same old. 

Jasmine: 😔 u work so much!! i guess that means u won't have time for dinner tonight...

I looked at the paperwork again. Technically, none of those were urgent. But what was this research project John cared so much about? I looked around my email and found the file. I downloaded and opened the report.

My eyes scanned the information quickly. Hmm... John was right. If the project went well, we could reap huge profits. But he'd be stupid to sell it to a client. A bidding war? No. This was not something you could give away for millions. A smile began to spread across my lips. I smelled something very much like opportunity.

Me: u know what, i have time for a break actually. same place?

Jasmine: 😍!! no, lets check out this new club. it's called DELTA. 371 Kirby Ave. c u @ 7?

Me: Sounds good 😉*******

DELTA was set in a tall building right next to the subway. The ground floor had tall, metal doors and two bouncers with shaved heads and dark glasses on. They looked about 300 pounds, and it definitely wasn't fat.

Jasmine had texted me a strange geometric symbol that looked like a combination of triangles. Apparently that was supposed to be the invitation to the club. They weren't open to the public yet and this week, only VIP guests had been given an invitation. Of course, those VIP guests could then choose to bring some friends, but the email had said to be very selective... Any kicked out guests would be permanently banned.

Inside, the interior was awash with neon lights, and the music thudded with every beat. My eyes touched up on the numerous women up at the poles, watched by their laughing friends, and I had to admit John was right to be excited. Curves in all the right places, and clearly, clothing was, to a degree, optional in this club.

I checked my phone. Jasmine had said she would be by the bar on the second floor, but I there was no sign of the slim Asian woman yet. And no text message.

As I walked up the stairs, a few ladies brushed against me suggestively. I had half the mind to detour from my goal, in favor of the dance floor, but I knew I'd be happy I hadn't when I finally say Jasmine's face again. She had round, sweet cherry lips. And twinkling back eyes with long lashes.

But when another ten minutes had passed with no luck, I began to get a bad feeling in my stomach. Something wasn't adding up... She had to have seen my messages by now.

So I wandered back to the bar.

"Shot of Hennessey please," I asked the barkeep. She nodded, handing me the small glass. I downed it quickly, and that was when I saw them.

At a corner booth, John had one arm around Jasmine. He was gesturing with his other hand, probably bragging about some story he made up. I'd seen it before. But the worst part was Emma next to him. And her hands were...

Feeling pale, I set the shot glass down before I broke it. I handed the barkeep a ten, my hands shaking. "How could she..." I muttered.

"Are you okay?" the barkeep said.

"I'm fine. Keep the change."

Not waiting for her a response, I left the club and returned to the office. By now everyone had left the building.

She had always said she didn't like John. Said he was too sleazy and shallow. And not even a month later she's clinging to him like a two-cent whore, pumping his dick while John is talking to Jasmine. I could see how Jasmine stared at his tool. I gritted my teeth. The bastard had faked concern for me. Had he set this up on purpose? No, Jasmine had intended to see me... John must have seen her and took the chance to pull a fast one.

Motherfucker.

He had crossed a line. I opened my laptop, staring at the research project he had asked me to finish.

It was way too early to sell as a finished product, but the results so far were fantastic.

It clicked in my head then. Revenge was mine - not just this once, but for forever. If I did this right, then my work would pay off and John would be in the position he truly deserved. I was so excited I could barely focus on the screen.

The pheromone-infusion experiment this research project was looking at aimed to use certain chemicals that would increase levels of testosterone/estrogen in the respective sex. The scent heightened feelings of lust and desire. 

The trial results also made some interesting notes...apparently those who smelled the scent would enter a more... suggestible state. They were more compliant to the commands the researchers gave them.

I had plans to exploit this. I suspected that with hypnosis techniques, a keyword could be coded to induce the state on command. For the company, I knew how to sell this as a unique date scent that made the wearer more desirable via feelings of lust and desire. Going too far would be bad press... but with a few alterations, I knew I could make the chemical combination more powerful and encapsulate in pill form. This idea could wait though. 

First, I would initiate a second round of tests using the beta product. And I had the perfect test subject.

*********

(Author's note: the following proceeds from John's point of view)

John blinked, waking from his sleep. Beside him, two women lay asleep naked next to each other. Now that was a sexy shot. He smirked and bounded out of bed. Entering the bathroom, he grabbed his toothbrush and began to wash up. 

By the time he was done, the ladies had begun to awaken. In the morning sunlight, their tousled hair and smooth skin was enough to get John hard again. Both ladies looked down at his member, eager for more.

He laughed. Matt really had excellent taste. 

It was just too bad John was the better talker. Well, Matt's loss for working all the time. If John could, he'd fuck pussy all day, but he knew if he didn't make an effort to show up his father would know.

"Do you have to go now?" Emma said.

"Well babe, I can't leave your ex-boyfriend all by himself can I?"

Emma sighed. "Promise you're not telling Matt this?"

John laughed. "Don't worry you slut. I'm not going to break his heart by letting him know what a whore for my dick you are."

"The same for me?" Jasmine asked, "I am still going to see him."

"Aw well what do I get then?"

Jasmine put a finger on her lips, pretending to think, then she spread her legs, flaring the lips of her pussy. John smirked. "Good girl."

He got on the bed, resting his bulging dick on Jasmine's stomach. Precum leaked over her pearl like skin. "I guess I got time for a quick one."

*********

Whistling, John stepped out of the elevator. As he made his way to his office, he saw Matt already at his desk, scribbling on a pad of notebook paper and staring intently at the laptop.

John paused at the door, "Morning. How's that research project coming along?"

Matt looked up and smiled. He looked so relaxed John blinked, disarmed for a moment. "Results look promising. You're right; this could bring us a lot of money."

John grinned, leaning in to the office a little. "Oh yeah? Good deal. How..."

He voice trailed off. John felt funny for a second, almost a little dazed. What was it he was going to say? It somehow didn't seem important.

Instead he felt wonderfully afloat and light.

And...

"...John?"

John blinked, shaking his head. "What? I'm sorry I must have zoned out. Did you say something?"

"No, just that I should have another update for you by lunch so stop by if you can."

John stared at Matt. The other man had already returned to his attention to his work, but John felt a little at loss. What had just happened? Was he supposed to leave now?

John had always paid careful attention to his body, and he noticed now that Matt had a nice physique. Strong trap definition, and a square jaw...

"John? You can go, you know."

He blinked. "Huh? Oh." John felt heat rise in his cheeks. For some reason, he felt like a dismissed school boy. He couldn't shake the sense that he felt off but he knew he better retreat to his office for now.

John backed out and walked quickly away.

*********

(Matt's POV)

As John left, I couldn't help but feel a sense of elation. The test had gone well... I had to tone down any strong scents to prevent obvious detection by the nose, but it seemed the adjustment hadn't meant a loss in potency. In fact, it almost seemed like it was too strong. John had seemed far too dazed to carry on his normal behavior, which was not what I wanted. Some adjustments could be made for the next dose.

On the other hand, spraying the office with the scent seemed to make even a slight lean-in from the door enough for the scent to work. I had even developed a sort of "anti-scent" tablet so that the chemicals wouldn't work on me while I was in the office. Each had their half-lives though, limited to around 5 hours.

Once he entered a suggestive state it had been easy to put him deeper into hypnosis and code a word for it, for which I chose "golf balls"

I recalled the conversation that followed:

"John, what is your name?"

"Um, my name is John."

"Well, from now on your true name is cocksucker. Isn't that right?"

"Yes. My true name is cocksucker."

"And you will call me Sir."

"Yes Sir. I am a cocksucker."

I chuckled. "Yes, you are. Very good, boy."

John smiled, blushing. 

"So cocksucker. I know what you did last night and you will suffer being unbearably horny this morning until lunch. You won't be able to concentrate or talk to people. You'll find yourself staring at men, especially their cocks. You want their cocks. You might even ask them. But no matter what you do you wont be able to ejaculate. You'll come back here at noon."

"Yes sir."

"Good that's all for now. Golf balls."

I laughed as the memory ended.

With another "dose" around lunch, John would no doubt begun to experience some events tonight. 

In the meantime, I had also managed to attach a micro camera lens to John's eye while he was hypnotized. It was developed enough to worn constantly with no maintenance, dissolving organically after 48 hours. This would help me keep track of John's activities.

I smirked. "Bet you never saw this coming, did you John?"

*********

John sat in his office. He still felt dazed, but more than that he felt... restless. Like he had an itch to scratch. In fact he was painfully aware of how his pants rubbed him, confined him.

He just had to scratch... his hand moved over his crotch and before he knew what he was doing, he began to roughly jack his rod. Jerking the zipper down he fished out his cock and pumped hard.

"What the fuck..." he groaned, it was like his hand had a mind of its own. But the restless feeling wouldn't go away, he wasn't scratching the itch. And why couldn't he come? He had never had this problem before.

Three rapid knocks gave John just enough time to cram his plumpened member into his pants before the door opened.

It was Steven, a team lead from one of the development groups down the hall. John had never liked Steven. He knew the boy drew his fair attention from the ladies, and so John took every opportunity to put him down. What John didn't know was Matt had invited Steven into his office and offered him a chance to get back at his boss, though not much other detail was revealed. Of course the task Matt had asked of Steven was good enough for him - no more information necessary.

Steven was tall like John, but he had darker brown hair and hazel eyes. He wore glasses, and looked a bit nerdy, but in the way the ladies liked. John's eyes wandered down to the slight bulge protruding from Steven's khaki slacks. For his frame, it seemed unordinarly large. John's mouth seemed to go dry.

Steven coughed and John blinked. "Did you say something?"

"I was asking if you made a decision on the templates I put on your desk yet?"

He was moving closer, and now there was a confident smirk on his face. John could feel himself going dizzy. "Uh... no.." he managed. Why did the smell of Steven's crotch, which for some reason was inches way from his face, carry a masculine musk to it that John wanted more of...

"Perhaps you need some motivation. Why don't you get on your knees cocksucker. I'll feed you a healthy breakfast," Steven said as he pulled out a thick, hard cut cock. It was five inches, and like a beer can. It's rounded mushroom top glared angrily at John. He suddenly realized he had been forced to his knees - or had he knelt himself? Precum dripped onto his face and tongue instinctively cleaned it into his mouth. Salty, and he wanted more. Wait, no. 

"What the fuck are you doing, you little mo-" Steven crammed his cock into John's mouth, one hand grabbing a handful of sandy hair. 

John let out a small, muffled cry as Steven began thrusting back and forth. "Ooh, nice and warm. Just like a pussy. Guess you got a pussy mouth to match your pussy personality."

John moaned. He felt like a bitch in heat. This was so good... warm and thick, this is what he needed. He tried to suction onto the massive member sawing in and out of his mouth but Steven didn't care about his pleasure. He was moving at his own pace.

"Yeah, suck me bitch! I knew you had to be a cocksucker."

That was enough to snap John out of his momentary bliss. He began to scream on Steven's cock, grasping at anything to push Steven but the vibrations pleased his tormenter more and Steven had the physical advantage towering over the kneeling playboy CEO.

"Fucking dumb bitch, shut up. UGH," Steven said as he grabbed John's head with both hands. "UGH. What was the phrase? Oh right, golf balls."
