 This is a fictional story involving sexual relations between two males. If you are under the legal age of consent to read such material, or if you are offended by the subject matter, then DO NOT READ any further. This is a Fictional story and any relation to any real person is purely coincidental.

As usual all copyright and other disclaimers apply.

I welcome your thoughts and comments. Drop me an e-mail and let me know what you think. Just remember this is my first time, so please be gentle.

*

By the early hour of the morning Chris said "Right guys lets get out of here and hit one of the clubs. You up for that Mikey?"

"Yeah that would be great."

"Ok let's go."

All five boys got up and left the bar. It was a short walk to the club with Chris leading the way. Mikey was walking behind Marcus and took every opportunity to feel the hot blondes tight ass, even at one point pressing up behind him grinding his obviously hard cock in to the jocks ass cheeks. Marcus was clearly enjoying it as he pushed back rubbing against the big cock he could feel through his jeans.

Almost immediately they arrived at the club. Walking straight in Mikey was struck by the ear crashing noise of a really hard techno beat. The club was smallish, one bar away to the side and a single dance floor. Mikey noticed that the club was full of guys, pretty much all of who were wearing very little. Some in just tight white briefs, others in leather chaps, and some in jeans. There were a couple of guys up on a small stage really putting on a dance show.

Marcus shouted into Mikey's ear as soon as they were in the club "If you want to leave some of your clothes there's a changing area by the door"

Mikey wasn't sure about the idea but decided to follow what the others were doing. Soon enough Raf and Tye were down to there white jocks while Marcus was sticking with taking his wife beater off as was Chris. Mikey was now on a real high and with a little encouragement from all of the others he was soon down to just his tight CK pants.

Having changed all five boys made for the bar. Mikey was immediately aware that his barely covered ass was now being touched by every guy he went past. He was so turned on by the whole thing but was worried about his cock giving him away. He needn't have worried. As he looked down at Tye and Raf he cold clearly see they too were sporting some serious wood, both there cocks fully hard and poking out the top of there jocks. By the time they reached the bar Mikey was again grinding into Marcus's ass and doing it openly and without a care as to who cold see.

Marcus turned round to Mikey "hey why don't I show you round the club a bit while the guys are getting the beers in" Mikey quickly nodded. "Follow me then"

Marcus lead the way along the bar and then turned and went through a semi hidden door that Mikey hadn't noticed before. The door lead to a narrow corridor off which were in turn a number of other doors. Marcus tried te first couple to find they were locked. The third one opened and Marcus went in, followed by a still very hard Mikey. The room was very dimly lit and had in it just a narrow leather covered bench seat to one side.

As soon as they were in Marcus bent forward over the edge of the bench shoving his ass straight at Mikey. Mikey reached round and swiftly undid Marcus's belt pulling his jeans straight down to the floor. This revealed Marcus fabulous tanned pert and well buff ass.

Mikey just groaned and as had been done to him dropped to his knees and put his head between Marcus's ass cheeks. As he did so Marcus grabbed at his own ass pulling it apart to allow Mikeys tongue full access. Now Mikey started to go to work, ravaging the hot studs ass with his tongue, pushing and probing at the tight pucker.

Any thoughts that this was not what he wanted had been banished from Mikeys mind. He knew now that this was what he wanted, knew that for his the future was going to be filled with cock and ass. This revelation made him even more horny and his own cock was bursting obscenely from the confines of his CK's, the leaking pre cum soaking the front of his pants.

Marcus too was lost in a world of lust "Yeah, oh god yeah, fucking rim my ass, lick it, get me so wet, I want to feel your tongue all the way in me". The encouragement was just what Mikey wanted to hear. He tried even harder to ram more of his tongue into the hot blondes ass.

Marcus was leaning over, holding onto the edge of the leather bench, shoving his ass back into Mikeys face. Mikey was on his knees worshipping at the hot ass before him. Suddenly the door to the small room opened. It was Chris. "I thought you boys might be here". 

Mikey leant back from the jock ass and looked up at Chris, he was suddenly very aware of where he was and what he was doing. He needn't have worried.

"For a guy who was straight until a couple of hours ago you've come a long way" said Chris to Mikey "looks like your loving that ass"

"I am. I fucking love it" said Mikey. 

"Well get your tongue back in it" said Marcus looking back over his shoulder. Mikey needed no more encouragement and immediately renewed his licking and tonguing. As he did so Chris stepped round Mikey and Marcus and stood up on the leather bench. His jean clad crotch was now immediately in front of Marcus's face. Grabbing hold of Marcus's head by his long hair Chris pulled the hot jocks mouth to his thrusting groin.

Without letting his ass get away from Mikeys invading tongue Marcus reached up with both hands to undo Chris's belt and jeans. Once the belt was off, Marcus simply pulled apart the jeans. Chris reached into a pocket, getting out a bottle of poppers before pushing down his jeans allowing Marcus to pull them all the way down over his muscular tanned thighs.

"You want some of this, pussy boy" said Chris rubbing the front of his jock. 

"God yeah" said Marcus "You know I cant get enough. Feed me your cock".

Chris pushed down the front of his jock, pushing the material under his balls. Mikey still down at Marcus's ass looked up to see what was going on. He couldn't believe his eyes. He was so shocked at the sight before him that he sat back. "Jesus" was all he could say.

Chris had his right hand wrapped around the base of his own cock. It barely went round it and sticking out of the top of his fist was at least 6 more inches of hard throbbing cock. All in all it must be at least 11 inches long.

"What you think then?" said Chris waving his massive cock. 

"Fucking amazing. Just keep that fucking thing away from my ass it looks like it would rip me in two." Said Mikey.

"No way. You know you want some of this."

With that Marcus took the bottle of poppers from Chris's hand, unscrewed the top and took a big hit. Almost instantly he dropped his head onto the top of Chris's cock, sticking out his tongue and groaning with pleasure as he began to take it into his mouth. As he did this he shoved his ass back towards Mikey. Mikey had taken the poppers and quickly snatched a long sniff at the bottle before handing it back to Chris. The strong smell quickly had its effect on him.

"Oh yeah. Oh god". He instantly sank back to eating out the magnificent ass before him. His tongue was darting into Marcus's tight wet hole. Then he ran it up and down the whole length of the boys hairless crack. Mikey had noticed that Marcus was completely shaved, not a hair anywhere on his wonderful ass or crack.

By now Marcus was licking the length of Chris's cock. Letting his tongue run over its full length. Starting at the bottom, licking through Chris well trimmed pubes and dragging up to the massive swollen head. On reaching the top, Marcus opened his mouth as wide as it would go and sank down onto it.

As his mouth began to enclose the huge cock, Chris took a long hit of the poppers, immediately dropping the bottle. The effect was as instant on him as it had been on the others. He grabbed Marcus' head with both hands.

"Yeah, fucking suck my cock you fucking dirty pussy boy cock lover. I am gonna fuck your face and ram my boner down your willing throat." Marcus could only groan in assent.

Pulling hard on Marus's head Chris began feeding his cock down the willing boy's throat. Marcus was an expert cock sucker and took it down without gagging. The massive tool was soon pounding into Marcus's throat, while all the time Mikey continue to eat his ass. The small room was full of the smell of the dropped bottle of poppers and this was simply driving all three of the men mad with a furious lust.

Chris pulled his cock from Marcus's mouth "Not yet bitch you ain't getting me to cum in your mouth yet"

Marcus smiled up at him "Oh why, you got something else in mind"

"Yeah I sure do"

"Hey Mikey, you ready to fuck Marcus"

Mikey stood up from eating out Marcus ass "Fucking right I'd love to" It was clear from the massive boner that Mikey was sporting that he really had been enjoying himself.

"C'mon then fucker ram that cock straight in me" said Marcus. Mikey took hold of his painfully hard cock, aiming the head at Marcus's tight pucker he pushed forward watching as inch after inch slipped inside Marcus.

"yeah yeah" chanted Marcus over and over "ram it in fucker." Soon the whole length was inside him and Mikey started to pull out before sliding back in. Marcus could only groan with pleasure as Mikey gradually started to build up a rhythm in his ass.

Seeing the incredible fuck in front of him Chris climbed down from the bench and moved to behind Mikey. Mikey was too intent on fucking Marcus to be really aware of what was happening and was surprised to feel a hand on his ass.

"Bet this is still full of cum" said Chris stroking the boys crack. 

The hand on his ass felt great to Mikey "Yeah it sure is" he said.

As he said this he felt Chris finger pressing at his recently fucked hole, and forcing its way in. Mikey groaned with pleasure and rammed forward into Marcus. As he came back for another thrust Chris was ready with another finger. Mikey couldn't believe what was happening to him. 

Marcus's moaning and hot wet tight ass round Mikey's cock was driving him wild. Soon he was only too aware that Chris had managed to slip three fingers in his ass and was working his ass in a truly expert way.

"Oh god yeah that is so fucking good"

"You like my fingers in your ass boy" said Chris. 

"Oh yes, its so good play with my ass".

"I think its time to give him something really special" said Marcus over his shoulder. 

Mikey knew immediately what was meant. "No way man. You cant be serious". 

"You'll fucking love it" said Marcus. "Its gotta be the best fucking cock around".

Chris pulled his hands from Mikey's ass. "You're all loose from Raf's fuck and you did a real good job of holding in his cum" said Chris. Mikey was terrified but at the same time knew he needed to get that cock in him. There was no going back now in the space of a very few hours he had gone from a straight dude to a very horny fully fledged fuck toy. The realization made him even more horny.

"Go on then. Please be careful though". Mikey pulled out of Marcus's ass. Marcus immediately pulled forward and sat up on the bench putting his hard cock just in front of Mikeys face. He had also managed to pick up the bottle of poppers.

"You better get a real good sniff of these." Said Marcus. Mikey took a long deep hit and could feel his ass relax. Just as he did so Chris began to start to push. The wave of pain was awesome as his ring expanded to let the head enter him. Chris stopped allowing Mikey's ass to relax and to allow him another hit of the poppers. The pain began to go being replaced with a feeling of pleasure. Chris began pushing more inside him.

"Yeah c'mon Mikey your taking it" said Marcus watching the huge cock enter Mikeys ass. "It's going in, nearly there". As Chris said this Mikey felt Chris's pubes on his ass and new that he had done it. Knew that the monster cock was fully in his ass.

That was enough for Chris, having got it all the way in he now started to fuck at Mikeys ass. Sliding slowly and deeply in and then out before picking up the pace and force. Soon Chris was battering at Mikeys ass fucking him senseless.

Mikey was loving it. He couldn't believe what he was feeling. He was now sucking down Marcus's cock as Chris was going to work on his ass. He was in pussyboy heaven.

After a few minutes of this Mikey felt the cock in his ass begin to swell slightly and then felt rope after rope of cum being fired into his ass. His ass was now just a sloppy mess of cum the fucking forcing it out of his ass so that it ran down his legs. Just as Chris came so too did Marcus filling Mikeys mouth. Mikey wasn't going to lose a drop and drank down as much as he could loving the taste of it. His own cock now exploded amazingly without being touched. He shot a huge rope of man juice which fired up and between him and Marcus covering them both.

Mikey felt the cock being slowly inched out of his ass. He couldn't stop his ass seeming to clutch at it, wanting it to stay in him. Once it was out Mikey reached round to his swollen pucker and felt the cum that was leaking down his legs. Bringing his hand around to his mouth he put the cum covered fingers in his mouth savouring the taste.

"Fucking awesome man" said Chris. 

"Wild" said Marcus.

"Fuck will you look at the mess I'm in. How the fuck am I gonna get out of the club?" said Mikey. 

"You'll be OK unless Raf or Tye see you out there looking like this. They wont be able to stop themselves trying to fuck you again" said Marcus.

Mikey smiled. He wasn't sure that he didn't quite like the idea. "Yeah, I'll have to save that for another day" he said smiling.

The boys managed to get back to the locker room. It was now early morning and all were completely exhausted so agreed they would all meet up the next day.