 Charlie Winters stood outside the door of apartment 4R for what, at least to him, seemed like the longest period of his life. The nineteen year-old knew that it had only been a few minutes since he had been buzzed in the front door, but even if he had taken the long way up the stairs instead of the elevator, the person he had come to see would soon be wondering what had happened to him. Staring at the nondescript dull green metal door, the dark haired teen mentally reviewed the sequence of events that had brought him here. 

It had been eleven months since he had graduated high school and come to work in the mailroom of the brokerage house. Unable to really decide what he wanted to do with his life, and not wanting to just take some college courses without a clear direction, his father had offered him two choices. Take a job one of his friends had arranged and gain some work experience, or go into the Army. Not wanting to commit himself to the four years the Army would demand, he agreed to the job.

The job at Ross, Mackenzie and Peters turned out to be just what he needed. It gave him a chance to see what the business world was like, and his work responsibilities were easy enough that he couldn't screw them up. Basically, he sorted and delivered outside and interoffice mail every hour, as well as filled supply and copy requests. That and make an early morning trip to a computer firm and pick up a few boxes of computer printouts. Few companies could afford massive mainframes, even in 1978, and outsourced their record keeping. 

The people were all pretty nice as well, even those with jobs that were many levels over his. They stopped and chatted with you, shared a joke and treated you, if not as an equal, then at least as a fellow worker. His job took him to both floors the company occupied and he had even become friendly with some of the brokers and secretaries that worked upstairs.

One of those people was David Myers in Research, who, despite being eight years older, shared a common interest with Charlie in comics and science fiction. Many days, the mailroom clerk would stop by the older man's desk to find an old comic David had brought in for him to read.

"Improving your mind?" Kenny Logan, the other mailroom clerk asked in a sarcastic tone when he saw Charlie reading one of those comics on his break.

Kenny Logan, while nominally Charlie's equal, always took a superior air around the younger man for no other reason that he was a year older and had been there longer. Personally, Charlie was of the opinion that Kenny was an asshole and had, with this mailroom job, already reached his peak.

"I'd lend it to you after I finished," Charlie called back across the room, "but it has words to go with the pictures and I wouldn't want you to strain your brain trying to sound them out."

"Funny, real funny," Kenny retorted feebly, "but you know, people are beginning to wonder about you and all the time you spend with Myers."

"What are you talking about?" Charlie said, looking up from the old Legion of Super Heroes comic.

"You're not going to tell me you don't know."

The look on Charlie's face said just that. He had no idea what the other clerk was talking about. A fact that brought no small amount of joy to the blond haired coworker, because it meant that he had the pleasure of telling him.

"The guy's a faggot!" Kenny said, with all the sensitivity that Charlie would've expected from him. 

"He is not!" Charlie said automatically, rushing to his friend's defense. 

"He most certainly is," Kenny grinned, "just about everyone else who works here knows it. It's not like he's ever tried to hide it. He even lives with another guy."

"So what if he is," Charlie replied, deciding that not even Kenny would say something like that about someone who could get him fired if it wasn't true. "It doesn't make any difference to me."

"Well it might make a difference to some people," Kenny went on, not letting the matter drop. "People see the two of you all chummy and think, where there's smoke there's fire." 

"Well they can think all they want," Charlie said in a tone that said both that it was all he was going to say about the matter and that it made no difference to him either way.

As he went back to reading his comic for the ten minutes that remained of lunch, how the Legion was going to defeat the Fatal Five was no longer on his mind. The idea that Dave was gay stirred some thoughts that the young man would rather not address. While he didn't think he himself was gay, since he had a sexual interest in girls and had lost his virginity during his senior year, there had also been times that he found himself thinking about guys as well. 

Not all guys he reminded himself, but there were some that stirred feelings inside of him. Feelings that caused his cock to grow hard and images of what two guys might do together to appear in his head.

When he returned the comic later in the afternoon, he found himself staring at David long enough for him to have noticed.

"Something wrong, Charlie?" David asked as he put the comic back in it's protective plastic bag and dropped both into his attaché case. 

"No," the younger man lied, "I just wanted to say I enjoyed the book."

"Next week I'll bring you in some of the early Justice League/Justice Society crossovers," David said with a smile. "They were my favorites when I was a kid, I think you'll like them."

"Thanks," Charlie said before going on to the next department to pick up their mail. 

As he wheeled the small mail cart down the hall, and for the rest of the day, Charlie found the image of his friend, and what he had just learned about him never far from his mind. 

-=-=-=-=-

"Oh shit!" Charlie said to himself as he woke in the middle of the night from one of the most erotic wet dreams he had ever had. 

The details of the dream were a little fuzzy, but one aspect of it was crystal clear. There hadn't been a single girl anywhere to be seen. Only a face hauntingly familiar. 

Silently as he could, he slipped out of bed and made his way to the bathroom to wash himself and change his underwear. That task taken care of, Charlie crawled back into bed and under his sheet. To his surprise, he soon found himself erect once more. 

Without really thinking about it, his hand slipped under his sheet and his fingers closed around his cock. Stroking it softly at first, then with an increasing tempo, he was soon rewarded with a pleasing orgasm. One that brought with it the rewards of sleep and a broad smile on his face. 

-=-=-=-=-

"Hey Charlie, I've been looking for you all day," David said as he walked into the mailroom late Friday afternoon, a half-dozen plastic covered comics in his hand. "I was beginning to get the feeling that you were trying to avoid me for some reason."

"Why would I want to do that?" Charlie said as he looked up from a tabletop covered with the afternoon mail delivery. "We've just been a little busy today, that's all."

"I was only kidding," David said with a smile as he sat down on the edge of the table and laid down the comics on an empty spot. "I just wanted to drop these off before I left for the day."

"You're leaving already?" Charlie asked as he glanced up at the clock on the wall and saw that it was only half past two.

"I have to drop a friend off at the airport to catch the four o'clock shuttle to Boston," he explained.

"Oh."

"So I'll catch up with you on Monday, okay," the older man said as he slid off the table. "Enjoy the books."

Charlie watched David walk out of the mailroom, and then stared at the empty doorway for almost thirty seconds. Then, ignoring the pile of work in front of him, he took off after him. He caught him in the outer hall, just about to get on the elevator.

"David, wait up a minute!" he called out.

The research assistant stopped at the sound of his name. When he turned his head and saw Charlie running down the corridor after him, he backed out of the elevator and let it leave without him.

"Something wrong, Charlie?" he asked, seeing the look of concern on his friend's face. 

"I needed to ... I mean I wanted to talk to you a minute before you left," Charlie said as he caught up.

David glanced at his watch and knew he had to get out of there to beat the rush hour traffic out to LaGuardia. Still, what kind of friend would he be if he couldn't spare five minutes. Whatever was bothering Charlie was obviously of some importance to him.

"What do you need?"

"Are you gay?"

"What?!?"

"God, I can't believe I just asked that," an embarrassed Charlie said as he looked up and down the hallway to make sure that no one else had heard him. 

"Charlie, why would you ask something like that?" a still stunned David asked.

"I ... I mean Kenny said and I ..." he stammered.

"Kenny," David repeated as he slowly shook his head, that single name speaking volumes. "Look, Charlie, I hope it doesn't make a difference to you, but yes I am."

"Oh shit!"

"I guess I should've told you," David said in an apologetic tone. "I'm sorry."

"No, you don't have to be sorry," Charlie replied. "It just took me by surprise, that's all."

"Then we're okay?" David asked.

"Sure," the younger man answered, bringing a smile to the older one's face.

"Great, then I'll see you..." the sandy haired researcher started, then paused when he suspected there was something else. A suspicion he then put into words.

Charlie hesitated, but his facial expression said that there was more. David could tell that what ever it was, his friend would tell him in his own good time. Hopefully, before he was even more late in taking off for the airport.

"I think ... I think I might be gay too," Charlie finally said. "I mean I've been having dreams about you ever since Kenny told me. I haven't been able to think about anything else."

Before saying another word, David looked up and down the corridor, making sure they were really alone. He hardly feared anyone thinking anything about him that people didn't already think, but Charlie was another matter. The last thing his friend needed was the sort of rumors that people like Kenny delighted in spreading.

"Charlie, there's nothing wrong about having dreams like that, or even just wondering what it might be like," David smiled. "A lot of guys have them, although most of them would never admit it. It doesn't make you gay just thinking about it."

"I've sort of done more than think about it."

"Really?" David replied with curiosity, once more glancing up and down the hall. 

"I've jerked off with a few of my friends when I was in high school," Charlie admitted. "Once we even played with each other's cocks."

"Played with how?" 

"We jerked each other off."

David had to suppress a laugh. Back when he'd been in high school, he'd played with a few of his friend's cocks as well. Only in his case, they usually wound up in his mouth.

"Charlie," David said after a few moments thought, "maybe this isn't the best place for this kind of discussion."

"I guess not," Charlie had to agree. 

"I'll tell you what," David continued when he saw the look of regret on Charlie's face. "If you want, what don't you come over my place tonight and we'll talk about it some more."

"That would be great."

"Say around seven, you remember the address, right?" 

"Yes," Charlie said enthusiastically, remembering visiting David's apartment to see his comic collection.

"Then I'll see you then," David concluded, thinking that if he was really lucky he would still make the departure gate in time.

-=-=-=-=-

"I was beginning to think you got lost coming up the stairs," David said as he opened the door to let Charlie in.

"I guess I took a wrong turn down the hallway," Charlie said, trying to cover his nervousness.

"I do that all the time," David grinned, trying to put him at ease. "Come on in and have a seat. I'll get us a couple of soda's or some beers if you prefer."

"Soda'd be fine."

David turned to head to the kitchenette when he was interrupted by the phone ringing. Charlie watched from the couch as David picked up the receiver from the wall phone and answered it. From the conversation, he quickly concluded that it was the friend David had driven to the airport, calling from Boston. He also deduced from what he could overhear that the friend was also the man David shared the apartment with. Charlie wondered if they were just roommates or lovers.

Not wanting to really seem like he was eavesdropping, Charlie shifted his attention away from the phone but stopped short at a sight he never expected. When he'd answered the door, David had been dressed in a T-shirt and gym shorts, giving a much nicer view of his well-defined body than the shirt and tie he wore at the office. Charlie's eyes moved from David's handsome face, down across his broad chest, suddenly stopping when he got to his shorts. Not specifically his shorts, but what was hanging out one of the legs.

As he chatted on the phone, David had absent-mindedly rested his right leg on the end table as he was in the habit of doing. The bottom of his shorts had ridden up just enough to expose his semi-hard cock. Evidently, at least when he was lounging around the apartment, David liked to go commando.

Even with only the front half of David's manhood visible, Charlie couldn't take his eyes off it. It was hardly the stuff of porno movies, but it was still the biggest he had ever seen. Certainly larger than any of his friends or fellow students he'd seen in the gym showers.

Glancing down, David realized what Charlie was doing and decided at first not to draw attention to it by putting his leg down. Better to give him the chance to just look in the other direction. When that didn't happen, he decided to give him the opportunity to get an even better look.

"You can move a little closer if you really want to see it better," he said as he covered the receiver for a second.

Charlie looked up, his expression showing he was torn between the desire to do just that and the chance to act like it was all the accident it had first been and look the other way. Desire won out as he moved to the end of the couch where he was practically sitting on top of David.

"You can touch it you want, or anything else," David offered, both surprised and admittedly excited by the turn of events.

Charlie reached out with his hand and closed his fingers around David's cock, pushing his shorts all the way back. A thrill went through him as he felt its warmth and hardness. A combination that grew as he gently pumped it back and forth.

David let out a nearly silent sigh, hoping that his roommate didn't hear it on the other end. Except for a few nights they'd played around as buddies, they didn't consider themselves lovers. He just didn't want to explain that he had someone playing with his cock while he was on the phone. 

Charlie's heart began to race as David's cock hardened to its full seven inches. He felt nervous and exhilarated at the same time. It was nothing like the guys he'd jerked off in high school.

David was now barely listening to the voice on the other end of the phone. The sensation of Charlie's fingers against his skin was just too much to ignore. He honestly had only invited the younger man over to talk, but he'd be a liar if he said he wasn't happy about what was happening. Closing his eyes as Charlie continued to pump his cock, David was sure that the younger man would bring him to orgasm in another minute or so.

Perfectly willing to settle for a hand-job, David was totally shocked by what happened a heartbeat later. Moving even closer, Charlie lowered his head and took the hard cock into his mouth. 

"Oh God!" David thought as he felt the wetness of his friend's mouth close around his cock. "Jimmy, something just came up, I have to go." he said to his friend in Boston and hung up the phone without waiting for a reply. 

David was almost afraid to move as he watched his cock disappear in and out of Charlie's mouth. If he did, he was sure Charlie would realize he'd gone too far and stop. Something the older man really didn't want him to do. The younger man's technique was crude to say the least, but he could hardly fault his enthusiasm. 

Enjoying the warm sensations washing over his body, David told himself that he'd never imagined anything like this ever happening. At least that was what he told himself at first. Honestly compelled him to admit that this was exactly something that he had imagined many times. But it had always been only a fantasy, not something that could ever be real.

Six months ago when he had come across Charlie reading a comic during his lunch break, he'd started up a conversation based solely on a common interest. Out of that had come friendship. It wasn't until much later that David found himself taking note of how cute the younger man was, or what a nice body he had. Or even how he couldn't keep his eyes off the smooth curves of his ass.

But whatever thoughts he might've had about Charlie, had only been fantasy. No more than any his straight co-workers might've had of some of the women at the firm. Furthermore, he at least kept his comments to himself. If he'd had a dollar for every remark he'd heard about the receptionist's breasts, he could double his salary. 

It took a few seconds for him to realize that Charlie had stopped. Then another two three before he said anything, giving his friend a chance to collect himself.

"Charlie, I ..." he started to say.

"Fuck, I can't believe I did that," Charlie cut him off, "I'm so sorry."

"Charlie, it's my fault," David quickly said, wanting to take the blame onto himself. "I should've stopped you before anything even happened. You shouldn't ..."

"No, I wanted to do it," Charlie replied just as quickly. "I've wanted to do that from the moment I found out you were gay. I mean I wanted to do that before I found out, but I never knew anyone that would want to do it with me. I mean I'm sorry I did it because what made me think a guy like you would be interested in someone like me. I probably wasn't even doing it right and ..."

"Charlie, why don't you take a few minutes to catch your breath, you're a little overexcited," David offered as he tried to make sense of what he was saying. "Would you like a drink of water or something?"

"Yeah, I think so," Charlie answered.

As unobtrusively as he could, David slid his cock back in place and stepped over to the kitchenette to get Charlie a glass of cold water. Handing it to him, he watched as the mailroom clerk drained half of it in a few quick gulps.

"Okay, lets take a big step back and take this from the beginning," David offered. "After all, you did come over here to talk, right?"

"I guess so," Charlie said in a voice that told David that he might've been hoping for something more than words even before he walked through the door.

"Let's start from the beginning," David said, seating himself on a lounge chair a few feet away, thinking that a little distance between the two of them might be a good idea right now. "This afternoon you said that you thought you might be gay, what makes you think that?"

"Well I told you that I've played with my friends a few times," Charlie answered, repeating what he'd said in the office corridor. "And I've always found guys cute, sometimes more than girls."

"Charlie, there must be a hundred guys that went to school with you who had exactly the same thoughts at one time or another. It's natural to be a little curious about things like that."

"No, it's not just curiosity," Charlie insisted. "I knew I wanted to be with a man, as much as all the other guys wanted to be with girls. And when I did do it with a girl, it always felt like something was missing."

"Did you ever talk to anyone else about this?" David asked.
