 My name is Josh and I am a twenty-five year old married man. I have been married for two years now and I have a decent job as well. One thing has been bothering me lately. I have the urge to try cock with another man. My wife has been distant these past months and I started to look at men more closely. I didn't want to go through life and miss out on something that I really wanted.

I gave in and placed an online ad to meet some men in my age group. I worded things very specifically. I wanted a professional male who had some interests that I had. I asked for a photo to weed out any undesirables. I did get quite a few replies. I eliminated at least three-fourths of them. A few were close, but I really didn't get the person I wanted.

A reply came in a week later. He said his name was Tom. He was single, around my age and looking for a 'friend with benefits.' He sent his photo to me and I wasn't disappointed. Tom was thin with black hair. He told me where he worked and everything seemed to be clicking together. I replied back and we decided to meet at a coffee shop to see if it was meant to be.

I met Tom one Saturday morning. I didn't have to hear him speak to know he was the guy for me. I got the impression Tom liked me as well. We talked for maybe fifteen minutes when Tom asked me a question.

"Do you want to come back to my place for awhile?"

I told him I did and we left the coffee shop and drove to his apartment. Tom had told me he had a little experience with men, but not much. I told him I didn't have any, but was eager to try. We barely entered the apartment when Tom was kissing my mouth. It took me by surprise, but I opened my mouth to him. He pulled me to his body and I could feel his bulge pushing into my cock.

We didn't waste much time until we were back in Tom's bedroom. I was a little anxious at first, but I didn't need to be. We both stripped down and I got to see Tom naked for the first time. His cock was longer than mine, but a little on the thin side. I was average length, but my dick was alway thick. That was the one complaint my wife always had. I guess that was one reason sex had tapered off between the two of us. It always hurt according to her.

We made our way to the bed and Tom pulled me on top of him. Our cocks were pressed together, rubbing hard into each others stomachs. I couldn't believe how much I wanted sex with Tom. I think he felt the same way. Tom spread his legs and I felt my dick dipping down to where his hole was. Tom looked into my face and I knew he wanted my cock.

"Go slow Josh, I am pretty tight back there."

Tom also reached over to the night stand and grabbed a vial from it. He opened the cap and took a good sniff and then pushed it under my nose. One whiff and my head started swimming.

"Poppers," he said.

All I knew was my cock was awfully hard right then. I took hold of Tom's ankles and brought them over my shoulders. My mushroom head was resting right at his opening and then I started to push. Fuck, was his ass tight. Poppers or not, I had to work my dick past his rim to enter his bottom. Tom let out this moan like he had been stabbed. I kept trying to push my hips forward and give him my stiff member.

It took awhile, but I eventually had my dick inside Tom all the way.

"Fuck me hard Josh, I need your thick cock," Tom pleaded with me.

That is exactly what I did. I slammed my prick in all the way. God was Tom's ass tight. By this time I didn't care any longer. I had to have him as my lover. I pulled out until just the head of my dick was barely in place and then I shoved it all the way into Tom's gut. Tom was using his ass muscles to try and pull me deeper inside him. I kept looking down at Tom's face. He seemed lost in fuck lust.

Maybe I was losing it as well. We were both sweating and you could hear as my hanging balls slapped against Tom's ass. I wanted him worse than I had ever wanted my wife. I hated to think that way, but it was true. 

"Josh, please cum in me, seed my hole," Tom was nearly crying to be bred by my stiff dick. I must have been hitting his prostate as I stroked his ass. Tom told me to pull on his cock. I reached down and stroked his pole a few time when Tom exploded. A stream of cum must have shot three feet in the air from the tip of Tom's pecker.

Most of his load hit my chest, but some of it his my face. I was drenched in my lover's seed. I guess when Tom came it made me lose control as well. I stroked Tom's hole a few more times and then blew my love offering into Tom's belly. God, did that feel intense! I just unloaded giving Tom exactly what he wanted from me. I blew my oily cum deep in his insides.

We just kept fucking for some minutes more and I soon felt my dick getting softer. I pulled out of Tom's ass and we fell into each other's arm. We had a long, intense kiss and then we stopped to talk some. Tom said that was what he had been looking for all this time. Lovemaking that was over the top. Two men sharing their lust with each other. He got no argument from me. I was besides myself from making love to Tom.

We slowly got up and Tom led me to the shower. The hot water sprayed all over us. Tom told me to face the shower wall and bend at the waist. I did as he asked and Tom put his hands on my hips. He started to slide his cock up and down the crack of my ass. Shivers were going up and down my spine right then. Tom guided his dick to my hole and he took my virgin ass for the first time.

I found out Tom liked to go hard right from the beginning. Every thrust he gave me made me rise up onto my toes. I think I was screaming as he fucked my hole for the first time, but the water was drowning me out, thankfully. I know the water helped me take Tom's cock easier, but damn did that hurt as he took my virgin hole. I remember when the doctor would push a finger into my ass, but having a cock there was something totally different. 

I could feel Tom lift up and drive that cock of his all the way into me. I was his bitch right then, even though he might not have known it. I was sure we would be fucking again after today's adventures. Tom was fucking me so hard that he didn't last all that long. I soon felt him gushing his cum load into my gut. I have to say I loved feeling the heat of his semen squirting into me.

Tom got soft after a few more minutes and then slipped out of me. I managed to push some of his load out and have it wash away there in the shower. We got out and dried each other then got dressed. Tom kissed me and then we exchanged phone numbers. I drove home to my wife after that.

Home life didn't improve over the next few weeks. My wife seemed distant and I had my mind on the sex I had with Tom. I finally had a talk with my wife.

"Lisa, I think we should part company," I told her straight out.

She gave me this look like she couldn't believe her ears.

"We haven't made love in weeks and you obviously don't want to be with me anymore," I said to her.

I didn't expect her reply that she gave me.

"I know I haven't been a good wife to you, perhaps we should split up."

There it was, nice and simple. Lisa obviously wanted to move on as well. She gave no explanation as to why she had been so cold to me. Just that there was no point going on this way. It sort of was like a slap in the face, to be honest. Thankfully we lived in an apartment and we could split up what we owned without too much trouble.

I moved out and Tom took me into his apartment soon after. The divorce papers were filed and things were final a few months later. I heard from some friends later that Lisa had moved in with a girlfriend of hers. Most of her old friends had barely seen her as of late, they told me. In the back of my mind, I wondered if my ex-wife had decided on female companionship instead of male cock.

I guess it didn't matter. I was happy being in Tom's company. There was no need to beg for sex with my partner. Tom and I made love nearly every night. We would switch off, I would fuck Tom one evening and then he would do me the next. I slowly became accustomed to having cock in my ass. I guess you could say Tom was stretching me out for his lovemaking. 

I am glad I finally made the switch over to man to man loving.