 I usually grab lunch at the Subway in the university. On weekdays, the tables are quite packed, so I usually end up asking someone sitting alone if they wouldn't mind sharing a table. Occasionally, I would strike up a conversation with the person at the table.

That's how I met him. I found him reading a textbook about Computer Networks. Now I was a grad student, but I had taken the Networks class at the uni a few years ago. He pored over the textbook, while scribbling down notes on a piece of paper. 

"Cheat sheet?"

"Yes, I've got a test in a couple of hours."

"Which prof?"

"Arora."

"Ah, he's a nice man. I used to TA for him, back in the day. He loves questions based on Djikstra's, so watch out for that."

"You are a CS Major?"

"I am. But I'm a grad now, I take Business Analytics. I'm Terry, by the way."

"I'm Zai."

"Seems like you could use some help."

"I hate networks. I would skip it if I could."

"I get you. I wasn't fond of the subject, but I was good at it. I could help you, if you'd like."

"I would appreciate that."

We spent the next 30 minutes discussing the subject. By the time we were done, his cheat sheet looked pretty thorough. 

"I could use your help on an assignment I have due."

"When is it?"

"It's due on Sunday."

"What are you doing on Saturday?"

"I'm free. You?"

"I am too. You could come over to my place. It's a 5 min walk from the campus."

"That sounds good."

We traded numbers and I gave him my address, after which he took off. 

At this point, it seems like a good idea to explain why I was so eager to help a complete stranger. 

Zai was...exquisite. His wavy golden blonde hair was unkempt, which gave him a sorta roguish heart throb look. But somehow, he seemed tender, almost feminine. He was thin, and around 5'9" or so. He had no hair on his skin, and was pale as snow. I guessed from his accent that he wasn't American. But he spoke English like he'd spoken it all is life. Probably a Swede? And I wanted him. But I wasn't sure if he was hoping for me to actually tutor him. I didn't even know if he was gay. And to be fair, neither did I know that about myself. 

I waited patiently until Saturday. He said he'd show up around 2pm. I spent the entire morning stalking his pictures on Facebook, masturbating to see myself through. And then the bell rang, somewhere around 2:15.

"Hey."

"Hey. Come on in."

"Nice place. You live alone?"

"Yeah. Don't particularly like the idea of roommates."

"Me too. Unfortunately, I can't afford the luxury of living alone in undergrad."

"I understand. You want something to drink? I've got beer, water, soda."

"A beer, thanks."

I gave him a beer, while ushering him into my bedroom, where I usually study. We spent half an hour going over his assignment, after which he decided that he could do the rest himself. I wasn't sure as to how I wanted to keep him here, but I didn't have to do much.

"You smoke up?"

He had spotted the rolling paper on the corner of the desk.

"Yeah. Do you?"

"Sometimes. I rarely have good company."

"Shame. I don't suppose you could stay and smoke one with me?"

"Sure. I don't have much to do."

So I began rolling a joint. He pulled out his phone and asked me, 

"Do you mind if I play some music?"

"Go ahead. I like getting stoned to music."

And then he went ahead and played Arctic Monkeys. If I wasn't fully committed to the idea of trying to fuck him until this point, I was now.

We started smoking the joint. We were both spacing out to the music, even if we weren't exactly high. I was sitting next to him and staring into his eyes. And he was doing the same. 

I took my chance and leaned over. Kissed him on the mouth. I parted the kiss after a couple of seconds, waiting for his approval. The corners of his thin lips curled slightly upwards and I received my green signal.

I held his face in my hands and kissed him once again. His taste was smokey, probably because of the weed we were smoking. He started kissing me back. Within a few moments, our tongues were playing with each other. We broke off the kiss after a few seconds, feverishly wanting to go to the next step.

I started unbuckling my pants, signalling my desire. He took off his t shirt. He was well toned. I kissed his neck and went down. I nibbles on his nipples, prompting a loud moan from him. 

He got down on his knees and pulled down my jeans and underwear, revealing my cock. It was already pretty hard from the foreplay.

"Have you ever done this before?"

"No," he said curtly, eager to get to work.

I held his lush blonde hair and thrust his face into my cock. He took in as much as he could. I didn't want to force the issue, it was his first time after all.

Slowly, we set a thrusting rhythm and eased him into the blowjob. He was good, very good. He used his saliva to lubricate it, while slurping off the pre cum. He was definitely enjoying his first time. He looked up to make sure I was too. I managed a smile, I was in bliss.

Once he was done blowing me, we undressed completely. I saw his right body in its entirety. He probably had the best ass I've ever seen on a man. Like a bubble wrap waiting to be popped.

He was on my bed and got on all fours. He turned his face towards me, beckoning me to penetrate him.

I wanted to play with that ass first. I buried my face deep in between his ass cheeks, using my tongue to pleasure his butthole. He moaned audibly, while stroking his own cock. I bit one cheek and slapped the other. The ass bounced around. He let out what was possibly the most feminine moan I've heard from a guy. After a few moments of rimming him, I let him soak in the feeling, while I rummaged for a condom.

"I can't find a condom."

"Does it really matter?"

"I suppose not."

He turned around to lick my cock one last time, for lubrication. I slid my cock into his ass and started thrusting. His ass was clenched with virginity. He writhed with a combination with pain and pleasure.

I held him by his waist and started thrusting. He huffed and puffed, while enjoying every bit of it he could. I particularly loved the feeling of my thighs slapping against his ass. I turned him over, after a few moments. I wanted to see his beautiful face, as I fucked him. I parted his legs and placed one over my shoulder. I started thrusting him again. He leaned forward and we kissed deeply. We were in perfect union. 

I went faster as I got closer to finishing up. 

"Do you want me to cum inside you?"

"Cum on my face."

Alex Turner just about finished crooning, when I slid my cock out of his ass and jacked off on top of his face. 

"Looks we have an entire semester's worth of lessons ahead of us," I said while going over to my table for tissues.