 Twelve empty chairs formed a circle in the modern hotel room suite. Tick-tock; soon the chairs would be filled. Click-cock; with horny men eager for virgin ass.

The main room was large with lots of southern California sunshine streaming through the two sliding balcony doors. Unnecessary furniture had been removed to create as much play space as possible. It was nearly empty and echoed with screams of possibilities.

Sitting atop the building on the 21st floor, the suite and it's balcony provided a bird's eye perch above the other buildings in that part of Los Angeles and even had the slightest view of the ocean some 6 miles to the west as the condor flies. It was 3pm and the day could not have been more idyllic, the view more welcoming, and the room filled with more warming light. 

Ari sat in one of the chairs, completely naked, and he was trembling. He had turned his back from the window and the distant welcoming ocean. The sun's rays streaming through the clear glass should have warmed his bare shoulders and spine but his body seemed to be rejecting the heat choosing instead to listen to Ari's sudden trepidation. "Aye, the moment is nigh," Ari whispered to himself with a medieval executioners accent hoping it would relieve the tension but it didn't. Uncertainty overwhelmed him and he felt completely alone and exposed and it was his own fault. He cussed at himself for embarking on this journey and frankly for executing the plan so well. He thought he was ready but he wasn't. He needed more time. Six months ago he lurched forward with this idea almost as a lark; a dramatic opportunity to satisfy several of his repressed fantasies. But now time was speeding toward him with the force of a tidal wave. He tried to control his breath. He put his hands on his knees to try to control the trembling.

He looked around the circle. For Ari, the twelve chairs became the marks of a clock face. Soon it would become a living timepiece as men would file in, take their seat in the circle and trap him in a temporal cage of his own design. Ari planned to move around the circle exactly two times, visiting with each man twice, and not being released from his sentence until he finished what he promised. Twenty four acts of depravity. "24 chairs - 24 hours," he thought to himself. "It's just like one day - only one day - one day is over in the blink of an eye," he rationalized and tried to talk himself into calming the fuck down.

Six months ago he had placed his first ad. 

He typed the advert into the little white box on the screen. "Older married man, bi-curious, interested in hooking up with another man to pop his gay cherry. Location St. Louis. Please send picture and describe your own personal situation and how you might manage our first date. Discretion is required." He stared at it.

Ari had zero knowledge about the gay scene in St. Louis and he certainly had no idea what it was like to go to a gay bar and pick up a guy. The concept seemed dangerous, random and potentially highly disheartening if his graying hair, slight body fat, and weathered lines of experience was deemed a turn off to the presumably youthful bar scene. An ad, he reasoned, was safer and gave him options. 

He entered the temporary email address he had created for the lark and then hit enter. He waited for the response.

It came. At first they trickled in and then trickled some more and then they stopped. The pickings were uninspiring. After the 'Jesus loves you' types, the transexuals, male prostitutes and losers that were unable to form a single intelligible sentence were eliminated the pickings were less than slim. The small glimmer of hope came from a few responses that seemed to indicate that a 48 year old virgin was unique and that some people might find it particularly erotic. One male prostitute even joked that he should be the one to pay Ari for the privilege of witnessing the look on Ari's face as he was introduced to the ways of homosexual bliss; the first time he came with a dick up his ass. Then the prostitute indicated his own price tag and Ari deleted the email with a laugh. 

He was a bit disappointed but tried again, this time on a larger website with a national presence, although he had no idea how he would manage a hook-up with a man from New York. As could have been predicted the same inadequacies in candidates were presented - just in much larger volume.

Still, Ari sensed that some men were interested in the rarity of what he had to offer and that encouraged Ari. One inquiry suggested he create a video of himself and it also offered a few alternative websites to post the self produced porn for gay men. Ari realized he needed to step up his marketing.

****************

During a week that his wife was out of town Ari turned his attention to the creation of such a video recording. He conceived something beyond a headshot as he considered fondly his own likes and dislikes when it came to amateur porn. He wasn't a teenage girl seeking a schoolboy crush. Ari decided that if was going to sell this, then he was going to do it right. He was looking for a man to take him and he wanted to prove to that man that he was desperate and longing for what had so far eluded him his adult life - a hard, hot, thick cock.

It ultimately took Ari over thirty takes in various positions to get the raw video footage he wanted. After the first couple of takes he watched what he recorded and was surprised. He had never done this before and he found himself getting turned on by seeing his naked body as it writhed and flexed for the camera. He was by no means a young stud, but still when the light caught his well defined shoulders and equally defined ass just right, or he heard himself grown in satisfaction in response to his own masturbatory techniques, his cock twitched. He found himself groping at his half erect member and sagging balls while the video footage played. 

He pawed at his crotch as if he was scratching an annoying itch and just when he was about to go into full stroke mode and splatter his seed over the video playback tablet he would catch himself and stop. Over several days he would stop and start like that and it made completing the video pleasantly slow. Once he slapped himself on the face in an attempt to quell his desire but to his surprise his dick twitched and didn't release the blood cells; it kept them as welcome prisoners. He slapped again and had the same result. He stopped the self-abuse for the sake of completing his 'art' but noted his reaction.

With each take he made small adjustments. He removed items in the background he felt might be distracting. He added some teasing warm-up scenes. He perfected and played with himself and experimented with various ideas until he was happy and worn out. He edited the scenes together into a 26.5-minute masterpiece. Then he cut it up into individual videos. He planned to post them over time to build up some suspense and increase interest with potential candidates. 

He watched the first video before he posted it. "Just to make sure it's perfect," he lied to himself. The viewing had more to do with the growing hypersexuality that included bringing himself to that wonderful entrance to bliss when his cock was at its hardest, his balls were at their tightest, and his breathing at its deepest only to find the door slammed in his face and his body pulled back from release by the invisible hand of his own discipline. It left him panting and restrained, but not entirely unsatisfied. Ari found the experience oddly satisfying. 

The first video started with a low-moderate bass beat setting the mood. This wasn't some young punk dance beat or hipster's rockabilly. This reflected the slow, relentless pounding of a mature man that finally decided to go the distance.

Opening credits:

"I have never . . . 

Been with a man . . . 

Been filled by a man . . . 

And you can be that one . . . 

That sees my face the first time I'm taken . . . 

That feels my body yield to your penetration . . . 

That watches as your cream fills me and bathes me in your sin . . . 

You want it. You want me. The forty-eight-year-old virgin."

The words moved across the screen as background video of Ari's body parts flexed and glimmered in sexy close-ups. Oily skin and harsh light reflected back reminiscences of Greek manliness. His firm, tight ass flexed and tightened in protest to some unseen punishment. Well-defined biceps and shoulders rotated slowly as if throwing a discus. Massive thighs with muscles that bulged underneath light fur combined with thick 'peasant' calves to form legs that could roll Sisyphus' stone up the mountain. The imagery was tight and close-up and erotic even though it failed to reveal the steel chin, his defined abs or the oiled up appendage sliding between his thighs. But it did feature hands exploring ass cheek and bicep or thigh in slippery and oily delight.

More words appeared over the video.

"I am happily married . . . 

"I love straight sex . . . 

"But . . . 

"I've always wanted . . .

"To have my . . ..

"Ass . . .

"Fucked by a man!" 

The last few words throbbed slowly on the screen to match the music which crescendoed.

At the peak of the music the words faded away and suddenly the screen exploded with images of beautiful naked men. They flashed on the screen in short bursts and featured bodies of all types, sizes and ethnicities. A hypnotic fantasy montage spewed forth, authored by a man who had suppressed a strong primal desire for decades. Ari was horney and curious and almost indiscriminate. He just wanted to be fucked.

"Could it be you?" the screen flashed in big bold letters and then it faded back to a full-screen image of Ari's ass in close up. Two oily hands massaged the fleshy cheeks. His shadowy balls and cock could be seen dangling from between his spread thighs against a white background. His hands slowly pulled his cheeks apart as he swiveled his hips in a patient grind. The spread fingers slid along the smooth wet surface of his ass cheeks creating temporary white lines on his flesh until they lost their grip. His cheeks bounced a bit as they attempted to find their natural position and then the two hands groped again and began to separate the pieces of flesh. Ari's virgin hole was about to be revealed when the video cut to a new scene.

A fully dressed Ari dressed in tee-shirt and tight jeans stood in profile. In front of him a mirror created a second Ari, a dance partner. The viewer was able to check out Ari's physical bearing from knee to shoulder. It wouldn't take anyone long to notice the outline of a stiff cock poking up from under the denim. Ari began a slow rubbing and dancing for the mirror and the camera. 

His hand nearest the camera disappeared under the t-shirt to slowly caress his abdomen and up to his breasts. The other hand wandered lazily from thigh to waist and traced the bulge. The figure moaned when an invisible nipple was pinched. It moaned again when a hand glided over the protruding denim and squeezed.

After about a minute one hand unbuttoned his jeans while the other slid to his back and went under the waistband of the pants to play with his ass. The hand disturbed the blue cotton cloth and a viewer could imagine the caresses being applied to the fleshy meat. The hand encouraged the hips to thrust slowly forward and cock bulge touched it's mirrored reflection before withdrawing only to be encouraged forward again and then again. Then the one hand quickly withdrew from under the pants. The man stuck his ass backward, away from the mirror and wiggled it seductively. Then his two paws slapped and grabbed his ass cheeks. He slapped his own ass several times. He pulled them apart and wiggled. He seemed to be waiting for a stranger, a lover, to appear behind him.

When no one did he turned with his back to the camera and now flung his denim clad butt back into the lens, offering it up to the viewer. He slapped it some more before standing up straight. A moment later the tee-shirt was lifted over his head and now a golden tanned waist and smooth hairless back with highlights of light yellow and darker brown were visible. He stuck his ass back into the camera again, this time with more urgency and slapped it several times but with more force.

Both hands disappeared for a moment to his front and the soft sound of a zipper whispered. The waistband slackened. He hooked his two thumbs on each side of jeans and slowly worked them down his butt cheeks. After a few inches, enough to show his tan line and half his butt, the motion stopped and one hand reached back to caress the small of his back, tease the ass crack and massage his pale ass cheek. After a while the other hand lowered the jeans further and now almost the entire white ass was visible. With his free hand Ari slapped one cheek. Apparently unhappy with the result he slapped himself two more times in quick succession and a pink stain seemed to bubble up to the skin. Ari waggled his ass in that position for a few more moments before lifting the jeans back up.

A moment later he had turned 180 degrees and was facing the camera, bare-chested and with an ever more pronounced bulge visible below his jeans. His hands folded back the opening of his pants and they revealed a message.

Written in thick black ink directly on his stomach were the words "Let me Suck Your . . ." and an arrow pointed down to his hidden dick. He allowed a finger to lazily trace the words for the reader and then it dove under the jeans to cup his stiff member. Now hand and member were moving in slow hidden sensual rhythm. 

After about 15 seconds the video cut to rapidly changing images of men's cocks. They were thick, long and of a variety of skin color. Then the video went back to the slowly massaging hand for about 20 seconds before cutting again to the montage of large adult meat before returning to the slow teasing dance. The frame zoomed in on the handwritten note "Let me Suck Your . ." and the stroking hand. Back and forth the video swayed between hypnotic cocks and Ari's pathetic request scrawled in dark marker on white skin. 

The final scene for the first video featured a close-up sequence of Ari practicing to give head. The words "I have no cock so I've been practicing on these" flashed on the screen and behind the text was a carrot, a moderately sized dildo and a thick cucumber.

Only the profile of Ari's mouth and nose came into the camera frame. Then a hidden hand dangled the bright orange carrot in front of his lips. Ari demonstrated his ability to take the carrot in his mouth. He spat on the orange stick and shoved it part way in. A soft enjoyable moan escaped the man as the tip of the carrot protruded against his cheek. The carrot was pulled out with a pop and another round of spit was applied to the rod. It glistened with frictionless lubrication. 

The stick found its way between his lips again. He manipulated it in and out short distances; sometimes opening his mouth to demonstrate his teeth were being kept far from it's surface as well as regularly spitting to keep it slick. After some time of licking and sucking he adjusted his throat and then slowly pressed the vegetable into his mouth. It went deeper. He adjusted and it went deeper still. He gagged and the object withdrew quickly bringing with it a ribbon of spit. Ari regained his composure and again forced it down his virgin throat. You could tell by his hand position that it was now further in than before and after holding it for a moment, a good seven inches down his gullet, he removed it by closing his mouth, sucking in the air so his cheeks visibly caved in, and slowly withdrawing it until it plopped out of his thin pink lips.

Again seven inches of the garden produce slid between Ari's hungry lips and made it's way down a throat anxious to learn, to swallow, to take it all. Cheeks began to turn red and veins popped lightly on the man's temple as the gagging continued. The stick stayed in place and moans turned to groans somewhere between longing and desperation. Quickly the orange vegetable was ejected from his mouth bringing with it yellowish bile and a loud inhalation of air.

Without hesitation and as if the thin orange vegetable was not nearly large enough to quell his hunger the carrot was replaced by the flesh colored dildo and again viewers were treated to a fake blowjob. Ari licked the tip of the realistic looking cock. A tongue swirled around the fake hole. Lips kissed the rubber head. Then the video cut away. Ari's midsection was in closeup again; the black lettering 'Let Me Suck Your . . . ' clearly visible. A hand caressed the letters on his abdomen invitingly. Then the video cut back to the close-up of the dildo pressed against lips and Ari's hand was caressing the spit covered silicon. The images alternated. An entreaty to be mouth-fucked switching to a plastic simulation of the insertion. The back and forth begged for someone, anyone, to violate Ari's mouth with hard dick. And as the silicon replica found it's way deeper into the man's mouth more words appeared. 

"This could . . . 

Be your . . . 

Hard cock."

The silicon pressed deeply into Ari's oral cavity and the man's head moved in agonizing circles around the rod in an effort to accommodate the action that was both rapturously erotic and life threatening. More words flashed on screen:

"Choke me . . 

Choke me . . . 

Stick it . . 

Deep inside."

Then the silicon was ejected along with darker yellow spittal and the man's head fell forward suffering from red-faced torture.

As the head turned to a more natural shade of pink, words flashed on screen indicating the next trial:

"My favorite . . . 

Vegetable . . . 

The green monster . . ."

A hand held a dark green cucumber up for the camera. Ari's lips drew close to the oversized pickle and he spat on it; not once or twice but three times. He used a finger to smooth the translucent liquid over the surface.In this demonstration Ari seemed more focused on general technique than deep throating. He spent a fair amount of time showing how he might lick the shaft of a real cock or tickle the underside of the head with a wickedly fast tongue. He used shorter plunges into his mouth but in more rapid succession. He also bounced the point of the cucumber on his lips and the outside of his cheek before returning it to between his mouth where he purposely poked at the inside of his cheek, forcing the skin to protrude like a large bubble. 

As he seductively played with the thick gourd a new message appeared on the screen.

"This monster . . 

Is nothing . . . 

Is less than nothing . . . 

Compared to cock . . . 

Compared to dick . . . 

Gagging and throbbing . . 

Fucking and raping . . . 

My mouth . . . 

Filling me . . .

With seed."

He positioned his hand and mouth over the green monster and forced the object as deep as it would go. It stopped after only five inches. Three gags later it still had not budged. In one last courageous attempt Ari's hand could be seen pushing the green stick back and a moment later a wrenching sound indicated the cucumber could go no farther. 

The video ended with the words 

"You could be my First . . . 

Real Cock . . . 

To suck on . . . 

And choke on." 

The screen also contained his temporary web address with contact form and instructions for those interested. He also asked people to subscribe to his feed and promised a few more tantalizing videos that demonstrated his willingness to give himself over to a real man.

He posted it to a few websites and waited. This time the response was different. It did not trickle in with unenthusiastic limpness. It flooded in like a tsunami.

Ari knew he was onto something. But he decided to be patient. He had waited decades. He could wait a little longer. He decided to ride this wave to wherever it might lead.
