 Chapter One Twisted Arm

Nicky whose apartment lease had expired was now staying at Uncle Bob's house while he saved money to get another apartment. This was going to be his first night so to celebrate he went out on the town clubbing now that he would have a few bucks. He didn't score any pussy but got loaded and had a great time. Nicky was barely able to drive and was fortunate not to get pulled over for driving intoxicated. He was still horny as hell.

When he came in the front door he smelled marijuana, and Uncle Bob offered him a toke on a marijuana joint. They talked and got stoned. Uncle Bob was also drunk. He was pretty friendly for an ex-con. Uncle Bob said, "Here it is time for bed let's have a night cap and let me give you a power hit." They both had another swig of whiskey and his uncle lit a large marijuana joint, leading into the bedroom, where there were two twin sized beds. "Sit right here on the edge of the bed." He took a toke, flicked the ashes turned it around and said open your mouth." Then he blew the joint smoke straight into Nicky's mouth who inhaled it and held his breath. He got a rush. They did several big joints and Nicky was so stoned he couldn't remember the count. His Uncle said it was time to take his clothes off and get ready for bed. He didn't remember taking his shoes off, or pulling his jeans down. Nicky was wearing a red sheer cotton form fitting underwear body suit with a crotch snap button, that was much like pajamas anyway form fitting his crotch and butt.

What happened next took him so much by surprise he had no defense.

Coming back from taking a piss his uncle came up to his bed.

Uncle Bob came up to Nicky next to his bed, and said, "Here let's have another joint before bed." He lit one up and they smoked it, toward the end of the joint, Uncle Bob told Nicky to sit down and open his mouth for a power hit.

Nicky sat down and sucked in the joint smoke as his uncle blew it straight into his mouth directly to his lungs. Nicky's head was spinning a little when they finished. His uncle said, "Okay close your eyes and take a deep breath, hold it and open your mouth."

As he did this his uncle took his dick and put it in Nicky's mouth. Nicky turned his head and the dick popped out. Uncle Bob put the dick back up to his lips and said open up. Nicky did not, but then Uncle Bob reached around his back and pulled Nicky's arm up behind his back with one hand and slapped his face hard with the other making tears come to Nicky's eyes from the sting of the slap. Uncle Bob rubbed the dick on his lips again and said open up or I'll slap you again even harder, and started to raise his hand while his dick was rubbing against his face. Tears were in Nicky's eyes from the first slap. He was so stoned he was a little confused and afraid his uncle might get angry. He started to open his lips to say something and his uncle pushed hard and the dick slipped in again.

Uncle Bob forcefully said, " twirl your tongue around the tip. That's it. Now tickle my pee hole with the tip of your tongue. Do you taste the precum? Do you taste any drops of piss?"

Nicky nodded his head yes. He had tasted a few drops of piss and some pre-cum.

"That's it, nod your head up and down a little with my dick, then shake your head sideways like saying no moving that dick with your mouth. Now I want you to hum mmmm like it is good. Keep the dick in your mouth and tell me it is good. Okay now rub it with the underside of your tongue. Try to take it down your throat if you can. Don't worry you will learn to do that. If you do good I might give you a discount on rent. Now take it into your cheeks. Massage the head with your tongue again. Now I want you to suck it so hard it pulls your cheeks in. See how far down you can go and stretch your lips as far as you can."

After a long time, "now for a minute I want you to suck and massage my balls with your mouth, and lick from the top of my dick all the way down, between the balls and as far back as you can. Here, I'll put my foot on the bed so you can smell my balls and lick the brown wrinkles around my brownie," raising his hand threatening to slap again. "Now kiss and lick both of my ass cheeks there tasting my ass. Now lick your way back to the ball sack and suck each ball trying to suck in as much of my ball sack as you can." He dramatically gave some time between each request.

"All right now kiss the top of my dick again like fish lips, then twirl your tongue around it. Now I want you to suck it and massage it with your tongue as I fuck your face. In a few minutes I am going to tell you to seal your lips around the tip real tight, and don't let it slip out or I'll beat the shit out of you."

He kept sliding the dick in sensually then strongly, grasping the hair behind Nicky's head and pulling his head onto it, and still holding Nicky's arm behind his back. He sensually brushed his hand on the side of the face and the hair on his head.

Finally, "Ahhh, ohh, don't let it slip out of your mouth or I'll break your arm."

About this time Nicky felt ropes of cum splattering the back of his mouth, in his cheeks, and over his teeth and the roof of his mouth. He felt some dripping from the roof of his mouth onto his tongue. Some went down his throat, and some squeezed up into his nostrils. Now he could taste cum and smell it. He could taste the skin of the dick on his tongue, and the cum. He remembered distinctly how good the precum actually tasted. Now as the cum was all around in his mouth it had a surprise taste at first but now it wasn't bad at all, salty, and starchy. His uncle ran his fingers up and down his neck on his throat, and made him say good which made him swallow the cum.

"Say mmm goooood." He loved the mmm vibration on his dick, and the feeling of the throat working on the tip of his dick when he tried to say the word good.

Nicky muffled a response. He felt the cum sliding down his throat. He remembered how the balls tasted, and pulling the skin into his mouth how it felt and tasted. He remembered cupping the balls in his mouth with a tuft of pubic hair on his tongue at the same time stretching to lick the brown wrinkles. He could smell the cum in his nostrils.

"Now keep my dick in your mouth and make love to it. Nod your head yes to say you will suck it again any time I ask you. Keep sucking and loving it and make it hard again."

Nicky could not remember ever being allowed to get so personal with anyone. He had never even licked a girls crotch as well as this, or even kissed and licked a girls ass cheeks. 

After a while Uncle Bob said, "Ok, now turn over lay on your stomach and arch your back."

Nicky had no choice as his arm was still behind his back and his uncle turned him over easily. His uncle ran his fingers around his ears and neck, and ran his hand down his spine feeling the tight smooth body underwear. He fondled the firm butt cheeks through the underwear. He felt the warm indention of the asshole. Then he ran his hand over Nicky's crotch between his legs and up to his dick which was already semi-hard. He did this several times then unsnapped the button in the crotch of the body suit and it sprang open and his uncle lifted the rear of it revealing the ass cheeks. He massaged the ass cheeks and the uncovered crotch again. Spread your knees apart further. He laid his dick in the butt crack and said, "clinch your butt." Then he spanked it.

"Now reach under and back with your free hand and massage my balls rubbing them on your balls. Massage your balls and then mine again." Nicky felt a little humiliated.

Uncle Bob rubbed Nicky's back all down the spine and the butt crack. Then he cupped his hand around Nicky's face and stuck two fingers in his mouth. "Lick and suck."

His uncle reached over to a container of lubricant and put some in Nicky's butt crack then massaged it into his ass hole. He kept working the asshole, then finally rammed his dick into it, saying to relax.

Nicky felt the dick start in until the head was in. His uncle relaxed a minute and said push back. Nicky did push back. His uncle said arch the back more. The dick slid in a little more and a little more while his uncle was making pumping motions. Now reach back and feel your butt crack all the way down to the base of my dick. Hold my dick in your butt and feel it go in and out while you hold the base." Uncle Bob reached over for a camera and took a picture of his dick in Nicky's butt.

It sounded like a spanking as he fucked Nicky's ass. With one hand he reached up and held Nicky's neck down with a firm grasp. Then he grabbed some hair on the back of his head and pulled his head back while fucking.

After being fucked for a while then with the dick still in him, his uncle reached around and started jacking Nicky's dick. Finally his uncle came in his ass hole, and Nicky came in his uncle's hand which was brought to Nicky's mouth. "Lick it up." Nicky had the enjoyment of tasting his own cum for the first time and compared it to his first experience with the taste of his uncle's cum.

Now Nicky had eaten cum from two dicks. He could still taste it, a little chalky, salty and pastey.

"Tomorrow it won't be a big deal when I let you suck my dick again." He was thinking he had to get more pictures of this and set the camera up. He rolled Nicky over and sat him up, then turned around and said, "lick and kiss my whole butt. Suck on the skin, that's it especially in the crack."

Nicky wondered what it would be like to suck cock two days in a row.

Chapter Two Body Suit

What are friend's for

Nicky stopped by Gerald's place. They drank some beer. Confiding with his friend Nicky told about how he was raped by his Uncle Bob. Gerald had a light sense of humor and was such a party guy his friends always lightened up. 

"Don't worry about it. Anyone can suck a dick. It does not make you a queer," he lit and took a toke on a joint and handed it to Nicky. Nicky told Gerald all the details and how he felt. "Well you shouldn't have to worry about rent this month right?"

"Take off your boots, make yourself comfortable Nicky."

Gerald said, "Just a little salty drop no big deal. So were you wearing that skin tight red body suit?"

"Yes."

"Maybe that is what turned him on," said Gerald.

"I don't know, he is an ex-con and I'm sure that's where he learned to do that stuff."

Gerald said, "Let me see that body suit, take off your shirt."

Nicky was already getting a buzz and said, "Okay." He already had his boots off so he might as well take the shirt off, no big deal. It felt good in the body suit without a shirt. 

Gerald said, "Go ahead and take off the jeans, let me see the whole thing. It looks comfortable maybe I'll get one for myself. I just want to see how it fits." Without waiting for an answer he went ahead and unsnapped Nicky's jeans while Nicky had a beer in one hand and a joint in the other. Gerald quickly unzipped the jeans and yanked them down all the way past the knees. He pushed Nicky backward to sit on the bed.

Nicky talked a little more about how it all made him feel and Gerald comforted him and made him feel better. Nick was almost on the brink of crying. Gerald asked, "When he put his dick in your mouth what did it taste like? Did he make you lick it?"

"It didn't taste bad, just pubic skin like. He still had a couple drops of piss from taking a leak, and I had to suck up all his pre-cum. He made me twirl my tongue all around it, and he put it all around in my mouth. Then I had to suck his balls."

"Anything else?" Gerald was being a little jovial but was getting turned on.

"Yeah, he made me lick and kiss behind his balls."

"You taste his asshole?" Gerald was fascinated.

"Yes."

"Did he cum in your mouth?" 

"Yes."

"Did you like the taste?"

"It was ok, just humiliating."

Gerald noticed that Nicky had really opened up and was now candidly talking about it. He said, "You know there is only one way to really get over it, right?"

"What?" Nicky genuinely wanted to know.

"You need to suck another but this time on purpose, and you need to do even more so the first time isn't as much of a memory." Gerald watched his friend. He gave Nicky a power hit standing in front of him." "Hold your breath." He pulled Nicky's head to his chest and said, "It's going to be ok." He rubbed Nicky's shoulders and neck, then down the smooth fabric on his back. Keep your eyes closed and relax.

Quietly Gerald pulled out his dick. He put a drop of pre-cum on his finger and said, "Here open your mouth and wet my finger, keep your eyes closed and relax."

The pre-cum dissolved on Nicky's tongue. He did not react right away but the taste was familiar. He was sort of in an open minded trance, kind of mellow and buzzed from the joints and beer. 

Gerald gently wetted Nicky's lips with the wet finger getting more and more drops of cum and spreading it on Nicky's lips and tongue. 

Nicky felt heat near his face, and something brush against it while Gerald kept circling his open mouth lips with his finger. Sometimes when he wetted his finger on Nicky's tongue he gently stroked the tongue in and out with his two fingers. 

Gerald said, "Close your lips around the fingers." Just keep sitting there and let me hug you. Keep an open mind and just relax. 

Nicky was so stoned by now he could not keep a straight thought, and just went with the flow.

"Open your mouth again." Gerald took the head of his dick and massaged it all around Nicky's lips. "Lick your lips some more." As the tongue went around the lips collecting the pre-cum the head of Gerald's dick was in the opening and the tongue went around the dick head as well. Then Gerald inserted the dick in his mouth and rubbed his dick back and forth on the tongue. "Close your lips around it." He said this without directly saying suck the dick.

He was already pretty hard and now he came quickly, "Don't spill a drop. Taste every bit of it and swallow. Keep sucking until my dick is clean and you have every drop. We are friends and I want you to know what my cum tastes like so you can get over it all. Now suck my balls do it like you did your uncle but now do it better. Taste and lick everything he made you do but now do more."

Nicky notice the cum tasted similar but a little different. Now it appeared he was getting to know everyone by the taste of their cum.

He pushed Nicky on his back then straddled his face. "Lick my asshole and cheeks. Tongue fuck my asshole. Now I want you to kiss and lick my whole ass."

Nicky fell asleep on Gerald's bed thinking now he had tasted cum 3 times, and sucked two dicks and balls.

Chapter Three 

Body Suit: Pictures

Nicky came back to his uncle's house. His Uncle Bob went to the fridge and got them both a wine cooler, and hugged Nicky. It was a long hug and Nicky started to feel warm. His uncle reached around to the small of his back and pulled Nicky closer so that Nicky's dick was riding on his uncle's leg. He could feel hardness in his uncle's pants. "Drink it down," his uncle said. 

After about three wine coolers Nicky had a buzz. His uncle said come here let's smoke one. So they went into the bedroom where Nicky sat on the edge of the bed while his uncle lit up a joint. They took a few tokes and his uncle gave Nicky power hits until the joint was gone. 

"Now close your eyes and open your mouth." Nicky felt a dick slide into his mouth. He was a little dizzy. His uncle held Nicky's head in place. "Keep your eyes closed." He thought he heard footsteps above the music. "Okay, open your eyes." Joe, Uncle Bob's friend had come over with a camera. The camera flashed, and Nicky was caught on film with a dick in his mouth. He felt a little dizzy and almost pulled away but his uncle held him firmly. "He is going to take your pictures and film you. Look up at the camera for a minute and then look into my eyes."

"Alright, hold your mouth open." Uncle Bob pulled out slightly with the head of the dick in the mouth and Joe caught the cum shooting into his mouth. "Hold your tongue out." Bob squeezed the last drops of cum onto the tongue. Joe got a picture of the cum in his mouth. "Swallow, and say good." Bob pinched Nicky's nose causing him to swallow, on film. "Alright now suck my balls like you did yesterday. Taste my ball sack and say hmmm good with my balls in your mouth. That's it now lick inbetween my balls and reach way back with your tongue, until you feel your tongue pinched. Now curl your tongue so a tuft of my ball hairs lay on your tongue while you suck." 

"Joe get some picture of him licking my brown wrinkles, kissing and licking my ass cheeks down there." 

Nicky was so stoned he could not object.

Uncle Bob said, "Close your eyes again and hold your mouth open, unless you want the shit slapped out of you."

Nicky felt a dick slide into his mouth again, and it tasted a little different. When he was allowed to open his eyes, he saw it was Joe's dick. "Taste it and circle your tongue around the tip. Do everything I taught you." This time Uncle Bob was holding the camera. Again there was pictures and film taken of him swallowing a cum shot into his mouth, then sucking balls and licking below the balls. Joe turned around and Nicky kissed and licked every inch of his ass and crack. 

Now Nicky had swallowed cum from four cocks, but the revelation wouldn't come to him until later. He was too stoned to think about it now.

They all had a joint together and more of Uncle Bob's friends came over so they all went into the living room. All Nicky had on was the ultra thin one piece red cotton body suit. Someone had brought a couple cases of beer and there was a bottle of Jim Bean whiskey.

Nicky, 19, was somewhat effeminate and soon they were talking about how nice Nicky looked in his body suit. Nicky was flattered, stoned and drunk. They all wanted him to come around and show them the suit. Uncle Bob came up and hugged him from the front rubbing Nicky's back and butt. Then he cupped his hand on Nicky's butt cheek showing his guests, and then slid the body suit up some exposing the soft firm butt cheek. Someone got a picture of this. His uncle said, "Arc your back." There came some more pictures. While holding Nicky like that Bill walked up and placed Nicky's hand on his hard dick while picture were taken showing that and Nicky's ass cheek.

Almost all of them got a hand on Nicky, and they all toked and drank some more. In the process Nicky had pictures of him handling all the dicks and balls. Bill rubbed Nicky's ass squeezing both cheeks and then fitted his hand up and down the crack. He reached further and fondled Nicky's balls up the base of his cock and drawing his hand back unsnapped the body suit, "Hey Joe get some picture of this ass," and pulled the suit further up Nicky's back exposing all his ass. "Nicky clinch your ass." More pictures.

Nicky was stoned but enjoying the attention and the compliments.

Bill said here bend over this sofa arm and stick your ass up so we can see what your asshole looks like. He laid his dick in the butt crack and said, "Squeeze my dick with your butt cheeks." Joe took pictures. A drop of precum fell into the top of Nicky's crack. Bill said, "reach back there and get that precum drop with your finger tip and put it in your mouth." Joe took film and pictures. "Now reach up under between your legs and massage my balls and your balls. Feel my balls on your ass."

Then each took turns getting a picture of their dick between Nicky's ass cheeks. Bill said, "Move to the bed and turn over on your back and hold your knees up and way apart." Joe took pictures. "Now clinch your butt hole. That's it." 

Joe said, "These would make good magazine shots."

They gave Nicky more power hits with a joint. Without a word, Bill sat Nicky up on the edge of the bed, and fed him his dick. Joe took pictures. Each of the men was in their 20s and 30s about 10 of them. They took turns getting pictures of their dicks in Nicky's mouth. One of them shot cum already in his mouth and eventually they all would tonight. They turned Nicky to lay on his back again with his head at the edge of the bed. Then they all took turns getting their balls sucked, assholes, and cheeks licked and kissed, all on film with snapshots.
