 Episode 04: Jay Does an Emo Boy

Hey everyone, sorry bout the long wait. I didn't know people were actually reading my stories until I got feedback earlier today. Lucky I'd continued the story anyway so here's the next installment :)

Disclaimer: Although ages are not stated, all characters are intended to be 18 and over. This story is based in a world where STIs don't exist and women merely exist for comic relief and breeding purposes so please fuck responsibly and respect women.

Lexxie =)

*

It has been five minutes since Brent ran out of my room completely naked (he didn't tell me where he was going or why) and I am bored. I consider going across the hall to talk to Joey but Casey's "one kiss a day" rule had lasted all of three seconds and along with Brent giving him the silent treatment for reasons unknown I hadn't heard from Joey since we arrived the day before.

I like Casey but him dating Joey is having a negative impact on our friendship. I know how that sounds with Joey being my ex and all but if anyone says I am jealous I will fucking punch them in the face.

So I'm faced with three options: sit in my room and jerk off; follow Brent on his undoubtedly outrageous sexcapade or, for the first time since freshman year, try and make new friends. If porn has taught me anything, it's that masturbating at an all boys boarding school is an open invitation for hot guys to arrive at your door for sex. If life has taught me anything, it's that pornos have an unrealistic amount of sex shot from an unrealistic amount of camera angles.

So I decide to go out and try and meet someone new. It's not that I intentionally alienate myself from others, I've just always been content with the company of Joey and Brent. Our little group has always been inseparable... up until now that is.

Before I go, I don my pilot's hat and aviators (which both Brent and Joey have failed to notice I might add) for good luck. The halls are pretty quiet this time of day because all the clubs and teams get together around this time. I haven't been in any form of club or team since I gave up on my dreams of being a guitarist. Not being involved in anything probably also contributes to my social isolation seeing I also don't have the active nightlife that Brent and Joey have.

I find that the only place I really know my way around is the music studios so that's where I head towards. Outside one of the studios, a slimly built emo boy is struggling with a large guitar amp. I've always thought emo boys are cute and I want to make a good impression so I jog over to help.

"Let me get that," I say, lifting the amplifier up and trying not to show how much I was struggling with it.

"Thanks for that," he replies with a cute British accent. He then adds loud enough for whoever's in the studio to hear, "I'd be using a trolley to carry it but some twat is too lazy to get it!"

A platinum blond emo boy pokes his head out the doorway to reply, "We keep telling you that we don't know what 'twat' means so we can't really find it that insulting." He turns to me and his jaw drops, "Jamie? Is that you under there?"

After a second, I recognise the boy as Xander Stiles, a bass player and friend from back when I was still playing my guitar. He was a lot less emo back then and that was before Brent had shortened my name to Jay and I'd gone by my actual name; Jamie. I realise that he's thrown by my aviators and hat so I take them off for him to see. "Yep, it's me," I reply, "You've changed a heap since Sophomore year."

"Well apart from your new accessories you haven't changed a bit," Xan tells me, "I see you've met our new keyboard player and lead singer then?"

"Names haven't exactly been exchanged," the other boy says, "I'm Raven and unfortunately, that is actually my real name."

Raven offers a hand to shake but I look down at the amp that I'm just barely holding on to and reply, "I think I better set this down first."

Xan seems to realise for the first time that I'm holding the amp. "Oh yeah, just bring that in and drop it to one side. We've already got one new band member who can't carry their own weight so we'll get whoever's auditioning to move it where they want it."

I do as he says entering the room with him and Raven following behind. I recognise Xander's boyfriend Kellan sitting behind a drum kit; also significantly more emo than I remembered him.

"So you guys are finally forming that band you used to talk about?" I ask.

"Hell yeah!" Kellan says enthusiastically, "Xan and I put up flyers yesterday and we've already had heaps of responses."

"Originally we just wanted a lead guitarist and a singer but when I heard Raven on the piano yesterday I practically begged him to join," Xander explains.

"I've been here two days and I'm already in a band," Raven says as if the situation even seems strange to him.

"Hey you know what would be amazing babe?" Kellan asks Xan.

"If you shove your drumsticks up my ass?" he replies.

"What? No! These are not sex toys!" Kellan replies, waving his drumsticks, "I was more thinking along the lines of Jamie being our guitarist."

I look up suddenly, Raven had been facing away from me, unzipping a keyboard carry case and I was admiring his ass in his skinny jeans. "You can't expect me to play," I reply, "I've probably forgotten everything. Hell, I've even sold my guitar!"

"Yeah, you sold it to the school," Xan replies before ducking into a storage closet. He emerges with my old guitar, just as it had been back in sophomore year, "It's been in there the entire time."

"Dark Prince," I say, lovingly accepting my jet black guitar from him, "I thought I'd never see him again."

Kellan laughs, "You would if you came down here more often. We've missed you man! Give me a hug!"

I give Dark Prince back to Xan as I prepare for one of Kellan's massive bear hugs. Kellan is easily big enough to be a line backer but he prefers his dyed black hair and skinny jeans (and most of all Xander) to a football uniform. He seems determined to squeeze the air out of me as we hug and I can't help but wonder if he's gentler with Xander.

After Kellan releases me, I take the Dark Prince back from Xander in exchange for a quick hug. I throw the strap over my shoulder and feel the familiar shape of my old guitar. I strum the strings and hear all the notes sing out perfectly in tune.

"I've been taking care of him," Xan tells me. He then hands me a pick and asks, "You wanna play a tune?"

"I guess one can't hurt," I say, "Fall Out Boy good?"

"Only always," Kellan says, "Let's do it!"

I found that I remembered more that I thought I would and after a few wrong notes at the start, I got back into the swing of things. I had to agree with Xander, Raven's voice was absolutely amazing! I couldn't help but think how that voice would sound moaning in pleasure.

One song turned into two and two into three. We were halfway through a fourth when a guy came in through the open door.

"Is this the place for the band auditions?" he asks.

We all stop playing to look at him. Xander and Kellan give each other a look then turned back to the guy at the doorway.

"I guess, to be fair, we should," Xander says, "Jamie, you wanna have dinner with us later?"

"Sure," I reply, taking off my guitar. As I walk out of the room, I smile at Raven and he winks back at me. I blush and quickly make my exit.

***

Later at dinner, I spot Raven and Kellan sitting together. I head over to join them.

"Where's Xander?" I ask them.

"He's just going telling our new band members the good news," Raven says.

"Oh, so you picked some guys did you?" I ask, feeling slightly disappointed.

"Yeah," Raven tells me, "A lead guitarist and a rhythm guitarist. One guy was really good but the other we all really liked as well so we decided to get both."

"Xander's bringing them over now," Kellan says, pointing over my shoulder.

I turn around to see Xander walking towards us with a pair of cute looking emo boys. The three of them all sit down with us. Xander cuddles up to Kellan and grabs a handful of his fries.

"So Declan, Blaine, this is the rest of the band: my boyfriend and our drummer; Kellan, our singer and pianist; Raven -- don't ask about the name -- and our rhythm guitarist and backup singer; Jamie. Everyone, this is our new lead guitarist Declan and his boyfriend Blaine."

My jaw drops and Xander, Kellan and Raven all start laughing, leaving Declan and Blaine to look very confused.

"Sorry, I should probably explain," Xander says, "Jamie is an old friend of mine and, as you will no doubt learn, I love to mess with my friends so he actually had no idea that we were going to get him to be in our band."

"It's true," I say, "I haven't even said that I wanna be in the band."

"Well how about I give you something for you to consider?" Raven whispers into my ear. I feel his hand move to my lap and unzip my pants. My cock grows hard as he touches me through the thin fabric of my underwear and I blush, well aware of the other four guys at the table.

"He's touching you isn't he?" Declan asks.

Before I can respond, Raven says, "We've been roommates for two days and you already know me too well."

"Well I've been making the most of it, I've never had one before," Declan replies.

"What are you talking about?" Blaine interrupts, "You basically live in my room. I have to endure being your roommate as well as your boyfriend."

"Oh, by the way Dec, do you mind spending tonight in Blaine's room? I intend to give Jamie a little 'welcome to the band' gift."

"You don't have to tell me twice," Declan says, putting an arm around Blaine.

"What are you planning?" I ask Raven.

"To let you fuck me silly," Raven replies, kissing me on the mouth passionately.

I'm unclear on the details between dinner and arriving in Raven's room but next thing I know, we're on top of each other with our cocks rubbing together through the fabric of our underwear.

For the first time, I explore Raven's body. His hair is as dark as his namesake and sticks up every which way, laden with streaks of red. He's thin and lightly muscled with a pierced nipple, eyebrow and tongue. I haven't removed his tight briefs yet but I can tell he has a respectable package and his body is devoid of hair.

I kiss my way down his body and reach his waistband. He moans as I kiss his bulge through his underwear. I pull off his briefs slowly, savouring every scrap of Raven's skin that I uncovered. He is completely shaven and as soon as I take off his underwear, his hard cock springs out to hit me in the face. I don't let this deter me however and take the entire thing into my mouth at once.

It's slim and smooth like the boy attached and I go down on it easily, swirling my tongue around the head. I build a steady rhythm bobbing up and down on Raven's cock and in return he meets me with upward thrusts of his slim hips. His hands tangle in my hair and I remove his cock from my mouth so I can lick up and down the shaft. As I do, Raven pushes lightly on the top of my head so I moved down to suck on his balls. He gasps in gratitude but then gives me another push before grabbing his knees and pulling them up to his shoulders, exposing the soft pink flesh of his ass hole.

I'm momentarily perplexed. It's not like I don't know that rimming exists, just, up until this point I've never been on either the giving or receiving end of a good old fashioned ass eating. I'd seen it in porn/being Brent's roommate but I can't really say that I've ever done it before. Most guys are just content with a blowjob.

"Are you gonna lick it or what?" Raven asks impatiently.

I realise that my internal monologue had dragged on way too long so I just lean in and go for it. I tease the opening and find that it has some give and before long I am full on tongue-fucking Raven like a pro. Raven gasps and writhes as I assault his ass with my tongue and before long he cries, "Fuck me! Fuck me before I cum!"

Having never had a chance to be on top before I'm more than happy to oblige. I take a few moments to lube my cock with the bottle on the nightstand before I shove the entire thing up Raven's ass. He takes it well, I remember my first time... then I realise that this is definitely not Raven's first time and probably not even Raven's first time today. I thrust hard and fast into Raven as I can see from his face that being rimmed had really brought him close to cumming.

I lean in and kiss him passionately and he throws his arms around my neck, holding me there as I fuck him. I feel his ass tighten around my cock as he spurts streams of cum onto both of our bodies. Spurred on by his orgasm I climax intensely, leaving him full of my seed.

In the afterglow of my orgasm, I lick up all of Raven's cum as well as getting my own from his ass. I swirl the two flavours around in my mouth before Raven reaches up and kisses me, stealing the cum right from out of my mouth. He leans back and smiles.

"We taste good together," He says, "Wanna do this again sometime?"

"Uh... maybe, I mean sure, I mean that is if you want to," I splutter, my usual eloquent self.

Raven just laughs, "I'll take that as a yes. Now let's get under the covers, you've gotten me good and tired."

"You want me to stay the night?"

"Well you're here aren't you? I'm not gonna turn away a perfectly good man-pillow."

And so I get under the covers with Raven and he cuddles up to me, leaving me very confused as to what I'll say to him in the morning. The last thing I notice as before I fall asleep is that his nipple ring is digging into me.