 Note: This story involves a character of mine named Lazarus. Now, Lazarus is normally 16 years old. However, this story takes place two years in the future, so he’s 18. Mainly because I don’t write child porn; that’s completely gross. I also made a boo-boo about where he’s from. In Twilight on Dreamworld, I mention that he’s Taiwanese, but that would suggest he’s from Taiwan. The original concept was that he was from Thailand, but I really don’t know if the people call themselves Thai or Thaiwanese or whatever. I apologize for the mix-up and I hope this clarifies things. The story is involved and may be a little lengthy, but I think it’s worth it. Have fun, read on and enjoy.

Whoever said dreams don’t come true didn’t know what they were talking about. Approximately two years ago, I was a twirpy little geek with nothing but a bunch of crazy fantasies and the most intricate dream realm anyone could ever imagine. If you told me back then that I’d be sitting in Jim Hanley’s Universe in Midtown Manhattan doing a comic book signing right now, I’d have laughed at you. Here I am, however, sitting behind this huge desk before a line of people that would make George Lucas proud. 

It all began happening after I came home. I tried to think of how I could immortalize those characters in just the right way. About four months later, the first issue of “In Your Dreams” came out. It was about me, a regular loser cartoonist kid from a broken home dreamed up a superhero…Lazarus. Low and behold, a few months after creating him, strange sightings of a young, nubile Thai crimefighter began popping up all over the city. It was a way I could introduce all my characters, old and new into the storyline. All in all, I’m very pleased with it, and I’m currently working on issue #20!

In the beginning, it was hard. I sold three issues at a time to comic stores at half the cover price as a trial. However, it wasn’t until the third issue came out that all of a sudden, my comic became a hit. It was as if people discovered my comic much like archeologists would discover an ancient Egyptian tomb. I have a buyer mailing list a mile long, with people all over the country! I never imagined the comic would do so well.

About a year ago, I moved out of my mother’s house, and now I live in a small basement apartment in Old Mill Basin, Brooklyn. It’s quaint and there’s never enough light, but it suffices as both my living quarters and my studio. There’s a man I’ve been working on this with. An editor whose been working with me since issue #5. His name is Bryon, believe it or not, same as my imaginary friend whom I re-discovered only two years ago. He even spells it the same way. He and I are very close. He’s only four months younger than me and he and I clicked almost immediately; sort of like we’ve known each other our entire lives. He’s got this short brown hair in a mushroom-ish cut and these beautiful emerald green eyes. His body’s pretty hot too, and I should know because I stare at it all the time. We’ve never even kissed, let alone slept together, and I’m not even sure my feelings for him are mutual, but if there’s one thing I’ve learned from all I’ve been through, it’s that I can always dream. 

“Oh my God, Jasper! Jasper Collins!” A girl about my age with the longest blond hair I’ve ever seen leaps up and down in front of me. “I am SUCH a fan! I have three copies of each issue and I even bought a signed lithograph from Ebay! When are you coming out with the trade paperback??” 

I rub the back of my neck nervously. “Trade paperback? Hmm. Never occurred to me…” I glance at Bryon who’s been sitting next to me this whole time. He didn’t like signing autographs; he was just there for moral support. “That’s something to look into. What do you think?”

“We’ll be rich. Let’s do it.” He replies with his signature, charming smile, flicking my round glasses playfully.

“Oh my God,” The blond continues as I hand her the signed comic back. “I absolutely LOVE Quentin. Why did you have to make him gay??” 

Bryon and I glance at each other and chuckle. “The character wouldn’t have worked as well otherwise, ma’am.” I smile and motion for the next person to step up. I glance at my watch and realize we’ve been here for forty minutes, and my publisher hasn’t shown up yet. He was supposed to bring us some sort of surprise. 

“Sorry I’m late!!” We both turn to see him waddle through the door, sweat pouring down his temples like a geyser. Good ole’ plump Jeffrey from Paradise Found Press. “Have I got a treat for you!” He brushes his thinning red hair back and the sweat makes it stay like that. “You’re going to flip out!” 

“What’s up, Jeff, what did you bring us?” I stand up to shake his hand, and Jeffrey stuffs a small square backpack into my hands. 

“Go on, tell me what you think! Am I a genius or WHAT??”

Bryon leans over me to look over my shoulder. “Open it! I wanna see!”

The clasps unsnap and I see something blue and black peek out. “Jeff, what the hell is this?” I frown at him as some of the closer people on line rubberneck. I take it out and unfold it. I swear to God, half the room bursts into hysterical laughter. 

“It’s the actual Lazarus costume! C’mon, isn’t it cool?? I had it tailored and made special, just for you! Just for issue number twenty! It even comes with a wig and nun-chucks!” I barely hear him because of Bryon laughing so hard in my ear. Everyone is laughing except me. I merely resolve to stand there, beet red from humiliation.

Jeffrey gets closer to me and murmurs, “It’s nice, right? C’mon, tell me what you’re thinking.”

I lean over, display a sinister grin and murmur back, “Start running.”

I make it a staple to move the line along at this point, knowing full well what a long, stressful day this is turning into. I might be enjoying myself, but I had to admit, I wouldn’t mind being home in bed right now. __

“WOW!!” Bryon exclaims, nearly falling through my doorway. I’m quick to follow, equally as exhausted. “I need a swig of whiskey and a nice, warm futon. Can I borrow yours?” 

“You can borrow it for about twenty minutes, just long enough for me to take a shower and change, and then I’ll have to kick you out.” I walk into the little alcove where I keep my dresser, toss aside that stupid fucking costume and begin gathering my clothing.

Bryon plops himself lazily down on my futon and whines pathetically. “Aww, c’mon, man. Can’t I sleep over? I don’t feel like traveling over an hour and a half to get home.”

“I’ll call you a taxi.” I frown, my back towards him so he can’t see how much it hurts to send him home. I want so badly for him to spend the night, but I’m afraid I might do something stupid and fuck up our whole relationship. In essence, I just don’t trust myself to be good around him. But I can’t let him know that.

“Goddammit, Jason.” He folds his arms and my eyes fling open. It’s been so long since anyone besides my mother has called me that. For a moment, I think about how tragic it is that I barely respond to my real name anymore. Around other people, he usually called me Jasper. 

“What?” I retort coyly.

“What?? What’s with YOU? What, do you have rats in here or something? You’re afraid I might see them? What’s your problem??”

“No, I…I mean I just…” I put my head down for a moment and spin around to look at him. “I just can’t sleep when…other people are…y’know…*around*.”

He squints his eyes at me. “That’s the biggest, hairiest load of shit I’ve ever heard.” He suddenly stands up and throws his arms up at me. “You have been officially cleansed of this decision. I am staying over whether you like it or not, now take your shower. I’ll put out the extra pillows.”

“But…this is my house!”

“And I’m your best friend. And if I can’t bust your balls, NOBODY CAN! Now get in that shower before I call the Coast Guard and have them drag you down to the ocean!” He nods, content with himself, and politely sits back down.

I sigh heavily. “You asked for it. If I’m absolved of all responsibility, then I’m also absolved of all blame.”

“Deal. Now take your damn shower, pus-ball.”

__

After my hour-long shower, I slowly get re-dressed in my tiny bathroom. Very slowly. I know Bryon will be out there sleeping when I come out, so it might not be that bad. The night will go by quickly, I just have to calm the raging hard-on I’ve had since he declared he’d be staying over tonight. I walk out into cool air and a dimly lit living room with my baggy pajamas and elephant slippers. Bryon is still up, sitting on the futon cushion that had been spread on the floor, layered generously with pillows and thick quilts. He’s flipping through an older-looking book with a smile on his face. 

Oh God.

“What are you reading??” I suddenly can’t move, my eyes wide and my throat dry.

“One of your sketchbooks. This is some of your better work, Jason. How come you never showed this to me?” He turns a page and blinks a few times, his smile getting wider. “Wow. This is some racy stuff.”

My beloved Book of Men. “Who told you to look through my shit, Bryon?! Put that down!!” I take a couple of steps towards him, yelling maybe a few decibels higher than I mean to. He looks up at me with a serious wide-eyed glare.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t think you’d get so upset. It’s cool, I’ll put it back.”

“That’s…not the point!” I rub my face, not knowing exactly what else to do or say.

“Look, man. If you’re worried about what I think of you, I told you, it’s cool. I already knew like way long ago that you were gay.”

I pause. “You did? I mean…what gave it away?”

“You mean besides the fact that you drool over me every time my head is turned?” He starts laughing. “I dunno, I guess I just knew.” He tilts his head at me. “I’m embarrassing you, aren’t I? I’m sorry. Come over here and get under the covers it’s freezing in here and you’re sopping wet. Besides, I see a few people in here that aren’t in the comic and I’d like to know about them.” He moves over to make room for me, smiling the whole time. Was he for real? Does he just not care that I’m gay? Was he expecting me to hit on him or something? Does he want me to?

“I…I’m sorry I yelled.”

“Don’t worry about it. Now get over here.” And I do.

__

“…And that’s not actually a character, he was a neighbor of mine for a few years that I thought was really hot, so I just added him in. Oh, and that guy was this college kid that I spoke to on the L train once. Didn’t even get his name…” He turns the page and I realize that I had drawn Bryon in here. I had completely forgotten, and now he was chuckling at me. I depicted him laying across my futon, looking at my picture and gripping his huge cock in his hand. I had spent over four hours putting it details and shading, making it just right. The ironic part is, I had never even whacked off to it. 

He raises the book and nods in approval. “Not bad. My thighs aren’t like that, though.” I bury my head under the covers. “Aw, c’mon. Don’t be embarrassed, I like it. I really do.” Does nothing faze this guy? “Is that why you didn’t want me to sleep over, because you didn’t want me to see this? Because you want to sleep with me?”

Still under the covers, I nod. “Can I die now?”

He pulls the covers off of me and pulls my chin up with his finger. “I’ll tell you what, I’ll pose for you and you can draw me right. Okay?”

I wasn’t really hearing this. “Right now?”

“Sure. C’mon, get a pencil and put your glasses on. I’ll get undressed.” 

“Bryon, you don’t have to do this.”

“But I want to.” He moves closer to me, putting an arm around me. “I wouldn’t mind sleeping with you. In fact…” He leans over, touches the side of my face and kisses me, slipping his warm tongue into my mouth. I instantly grab him, feeling up and down his smooth, lithe body. He moans in delight as his hands fumble to take off my clothing. I begin returning the favor. He pulls my shirt over my head and our lips find their way back to each other almost immediately. I pull his boxers off and he yanks my pajama pants down and one of his warm hands finds its way into my briefs and grips tightly onto my swollen dick. I grab his waist, feeling up his tight ass as he climbs on top of me. I suddenly wanted nothing more than to feel his fat cock pushing its way into something of mine. I don’t even care what.

I urge his hips up toward my chest, so that he’s sitting on my shoulders. And just like that, I slide his veined member past my lips and began sucking for all I was worth. His hairy balls pressed firmly against my hairless chest. He arches his hips forward so more of his length can slide into my welcoming mouth, sucking in through his teeth and gripping my head with both his hands. Both my hands grip desperately at his firm ass, and eventually, one of my fingers worms its way onto his pink pucker, rubbing it sensually, stimulating him from both ends. 

“Oh god, Jason…keep sucking me, you feel so good!” Bryon holds my head up by the back of my neck with both hands, making it easier to take as much of his sweet dick into me as possible. I lap and suck on it hungrily, getting so sloppy, drool spills out of both corners of my mouth and down my chin. One hand explores from his deep forest of pubic hair up to his tight abs and smooth chest. I grip onto his shoulder for support as he lunges his aching prick down my throat. My other hand continues to rub the outside of his asshole, teasing him, making him want my cock so bad he begs for it. 

I feel my arousal make my hard-on pulse and throb, and it gets worse with every one of his heated, guttural groans. I moan against the hot flesh of his thick shaft, widening my mouth to accept more of him into me. He keeps pushing himself in deeper and deeper until my lips touch his luscious patch of dark brown pubes. All I can think about is how long I’ve yearned for this man, longed to touch him, to fondle and grope him, and even go so far as to want him inside of me. 

Just as I begin thinking that, he slides down off my shoulders and sits up on his knees in between my legs, gripping each of my thighs tightly, pulling me into him. I feel his swollen dick press up against my ass as he leans over and kisses me passionately. As I go to reciprocate, he moves his mouth down to behind my ear, down to my neck, teasing me with his tongue, nibbling on the sensitive flesh, making it tingle and giving me goosebumps all over my body. I slide my hands all over his soft, warm flesh, squeezing his ass with both hands, moving up to his back, them running my fingers through his silky brown hair. 

His hips begin to buck slightly, suggesting to me that he wants his hot cock inside of me. He grasps my thighs again and pulls them apart, rubbing the head of his dick against the tight opening of my ass. I moan heavily against his lips, and the more he taunts and teases my ass, the louder I moan. He whispers something in my ear about my ass already having a bit of it’s own lube, and all it needed was just a touch more. He slides off of me and down so his face is right next to my ass. He pulls my ass cheeks apart with both hands and plunges his tongue deep into me. I throw my head back, groaning and gasping, running my fingers in his hair, gripping a whole bunch of it in my clenched fists. 

I feel his saliva running down onto my balls and I feel one of his fingers push its way into my lubed hole. It doesn’t hurt at all, all I feel is amazing pleasure that makes me want something a lot bigger in there. Before I know it, he’s thrusting his whole finger up to the knuckle into me and I’m loving it. I scream out and beg him to fuck me, and it doesn’t take his long to comply. After all, I was quite lubed already and all he had to do was spit on his dick and slide it gently into me, which is exactly what he does. He sits up on his knees again and grabs my cock, still rock hard from this fantastic stimulation, drools a little more on the head of his own dick and begins rocking his hips back and forth, easing his length into me. It’s uncomfortable going in, but once he’s in up to the hilt, my mind is reeling with desire. I pull my legs back to my chest to give him better access, and he plows into me with increasing speed and strength. 

All the while, he’s stroking me off, and with all this going on, I know I won’t last much longer. “That’s it, Jason, take my cock. You know how much you love it.” Bryon grunts out as he thrusts himself deep into me, making me cry out so loud, I must be waking the landlord. I let go of my legs and reach behind my head, gripping the blanket tight. He grips my legs himself, pushing them as far forward as they would go, now piledriving that bloated prick of his into me rapidly. His eyes are closed, his brows kitted and teeth clenched, beads of sweat dripping down his dampened temples; this let me know he wasn’t terribly far away from coming inside me, and boy, was I looking forward to it. 

“Oh yeah, Bryon…fuck me! Fuck me hard, that’s it!” I mutter out, barely able to form words. My legs slide down his body and wrap around his waist. He’s not even speaking anymore, he’s just moaning, continuing to slam into me with all his might. 

All of a sudden, his thrusts slow down and he grabs my hips, digging his nails into me. “Oh my god!!” He gasps out. “Here I cum, I’m gonna shoot my load inside you!” He thrusts it into me a few more times, crying my name out loudly as I feel his hot juices flood my ass, moving up into my stomach. As he calms down, he continues to pump my cock, getting me close to completion as well. 

I grab his hand and guide it along as he slowly pulls his cock out of me with his free hand. I immediately feel his seed spill out of me and drip down onto my thighs and balls. He stops jerking me off and slides his warm mouth onto my aching dick, sucking it down, taking it all the way to the hilt. I grab his head and guide it up and down on me, feeling his fingers feel around on the inside of my asshole, still dripping wet from his thick sperm. He moans against my prick, knowing just how crazy he’s making me. He knows I’m right on the edge because my rapid breathing is giving me away. I yank his hair, making his head bob up and down onto me, making his suck it harder. I groan out loudly and thrust my cock as deep as it would go down my best friend’s throat, unleashing my own load so hard, he can’t even swallow it all. He gags, and most of my load spills all over my stomach and thighs. I jerk myself off for the remainder of the orgasm, gasping and panting like a dog. 

He apologizes up and down for gagging, and I tell him it’s alright, and it felt amazing nevertheless. He leans down and laps up a good portion of my cum from my stomach, remarking on how good it tastes. He kisses me and pushes a little of my cum into my own mouth. We giggle and make out, feeling each other all over afterwards.

“Bryon, I think I’m in love with you.” I mutter sweetly into his ear.

He smiles. “Wake up.” 

“What?”

Just then, I hear frantic banging on the door. Bryon’s voice is screaming out, “JASON!!! WAKE UP!!!”

I bolt up into a sitting position and realize I’ve been lying down in my bathtub and the water has been overflowing. The shower was still going and I was freezing cold and shriveled up like a prune. Daylight streams through the windows and the wooden bathroom door was jolting with Bryon’s punches. “JASON!! Please tell me you’re alright!! I’m sorry, I fell asleep! Oh my GOD!!”

“Bryon…?” I call out, glaring at the water all over the floor and seeping heavily out of the gap under the door. “Bryon, hold on, I’m okay.” I turn off the water and wrap myself in a towel, then I unlock the door. 

Bryon grabs me and hugs me tight. “I thought you drowned yourself, you stupid bastard!! You’re shivering, are you okay? You want me to take you to a hospital?”

The carpeting in here is soaking wet and I didn’t know what I was going to tell my landlord. He was going to have my head for this. “No, I’m okay, I just need to get dressed.” He walks me to my alcove and I begin tearing through my clothing looking for something warm enough to thaw me out. “I’m going to get killed for this.”
