 Hi everyone who has been reading, I hope you've enjoyed your holidays so far. I'm sorry if any of you were disappointed by Joey not getting any action last time but I'm sure this story will rectify that so enjoy.

Disclaimer: Although ages are not stated, all characters are intended to be 18 and over. This story is based in a world where STIs don't exist and women merely exist for comic relief and breeding purposes so please fuck responsibly and respect women.

Lexxie =)

Episode 03: Brent Does the Ultimate Dildo

I wake up the same as any day; completely naked with last night's dildo on the verge of falling out of my hole. I've never let a guy actually sleep with me after we sleep together – it's way too personal for me. I prefer to sleep with the company of one of my favourite toys in my ass and Jay across the room.

Of course this morning, I'm still pissed that Joey was ignoring me for that ugly snob roommate of his. Not even a night in orgasm-town with my 10 inch black vibrating dildo had made me feel better. I am resigned to the fact that Joey was just clueless about how perfect he and Jay were together and how they should be boyfriends again.

I get Lance (my dildo) out of my ass and chuck it on the floor next to my bed. He failed his job of making me feel good so as far as I'm concerned, Jay can have him. I got up and decided to have a shower. Jay may be still snoring, but I know for a fact that some of the hottest footballers are early risers.

I step out into the hallway and start making my way towards the showers at the end of the hall. I may not have an amazing dick or be totally ripped but I have been told enough times to know that my ass is fucking spectacular. That's pretty lucky for me because I love to take so much that I was fingering myself before I knew how to wank. I get spanked more than once on my way to the showers but I'm used to it.

In the bathroom I'm greeted by the usual smells of steam, sweat and a whole lot of fucking. The footballers are kings at McAlister so they get the first choice in showers. Those without boyfriends usually go for the showers at the front so anyone walking past can admire the meat show and see if there's anything they want insider them.

The showers themselves are pretty plain, with three walls but no door, assembled in rows of eight that were back-to-back with another eight. These first sixteen showers are usually occupied by footballers and assorted hotties so I circle them looking for something I like. A fair few already have company like the big black guy impaling a skinny emo boy or the two footballers going at it like there's no tomorrow and it just makes me think of Joey and Casey and makes me more pissed off.

I walk past Dale Ellis, the football team captain and he winks at me. He's an arrogant bastard but he's probably the hottest guy at school and has the biggest cock I've ever had in me (with the exception of Joey's foot-long wonder).

The only problem with Dale is that his idea of foreplay is teasing you until you either leave or beg for him to fuck you.

"Well if it isn't my favourite bottom slut," he says as I step into his shower, "What could you possibly want?"

"Shut your face and fuck me," I tell him.

"All too happy to oblige," he replies.

Dale grabs me and lifts me up so our hardening cocks are level. I grab the back of his head and kiss him none too gently. While our lips mash together and our tongues roll over and under one another, Dale leans me back so that my shoulder blades are up against the shower wall and that my asshole is pressed against his erection and precum is smearing over my crack. I break away from the kiss and move my hands to his shoulders so I'm steady.

"Do it," I say, "You know you want it."

Dale's eyes are glazed over with lust but he still manages to reply, "Why can't all boys be like you?"

Dale puts one arm behind my back and one around his cock, positioning it at my hole. He smears precum over his ten inch hard-on and then doesn't waste any time in shoving it deep in my hole. 

Dale quickly builds up a rhythm in ploughing me into the wall, each time filling me with the entirety of his cock. It is better than fucking myself with Lance but it still feels a bit wrong. I feel Dale's cock twitch and knew he was close to cumming. Normally, it would annoy me if I didn't get to cum but I'm still not in the mood to care.

I feel Dale launch into his trademark long-lasting orgasm in the form of his cum shooting into my guts. After his cock began to soften he let it fall out of my hole and put me back onto the tiles.

"So what's got you so down that I can't even make you cum," Dale asked.

"Why do you care Dale?" I reply angrily, not wanting to engage him in pillow talk.

"I meant it when I said that you're my favourite bottom slut," Dale says smiling.

"Fine, whatever, I'm fighting with Joey," I tell him.

"Well then how about you come back here after classes and my buddies and I will make you feel better," Dale offers.

"I don't think a gangbang is gonna work," I say but this just makes Dale's smile broaden.

"We have something even better," Dale replies, "The Ultimate Dildo."

The story of the Ultimate Dildo dates back to the early 1900s when the school apparently had a secret society for its best and brightest. In the meeting room of the society, they had a life-sized naked statue of Jeddediah McAlister with an erection. When the society was disbanded, their secret meeting room was lost until Jeddediah's son Theodore found it and broke the cock off the statue to apparently compare with his own. The cock of Jeddediah made its way through the history books, each time appearing in the hands of a McAlister and each time it had been seemingly upgraded to fit modern technology. Its last known owner was Tony McAlister; Joey's older brother.

"You don't have the Ultimate Dildo," I say, "The whole thing is some sketchy myth that the McAlisters make up to get laid."

"Well then you'll just have to turn up this afternoon and be disappointed won't you?" Dale tells me, a mischievous glint in his eye. A glint that tells me that this is an offer I can't refuse.

***

I turn up back at the showers that afternoon, completely naked once again. I hadn't even told Jay where I was going, just got naked and headed for the showers. I stroll around the empty stalls looking for any sign of Dale and his team. I finally spot them sitting on the bench that connects to the wall at the back, past the stalls reserved for the body-conscious. Dale's brought two companions; the two footballers I had seen fucking earlier. All three were completely naked and Dale was slowly stroking his cock while the black haired guy who I recognised as Hector, the wide receiver, sucked off Brady; the blond quarterback with massive arm muscles.

I clear my throat, impatient to test out this 'Ultimate' Dildo for myself.

The three guys look at me; Hector less directly because he's still trying to suck off Brady and Brady is enjoying the blowjob too much for who I am to actually register but Dale smiles his classic smile.

"These two were getting impatient," he says.

"I can see that," I reply, "So where's this Ultimate Dildo?"

"Before you take the Ultimate Dildo, I should warn you, it comes with a curse," Dale warns, "After the Dildo makes you cum, you will never truly enjoy anything up your ass again until you find a boy you love."

I laugh, "First you expect me to believe in a hundred year old 'Ultimate Dildo' and now you expect me to believe it has magic powers too?"

Brady looks me hard in the eyes. "It's true," he says, "I had it in my ass last year and nothing was the same until Hector got inside me. If it hadn't been for that dildo then I never would have realised how I felt about him."

Hector looks like he would agree but his mouth is full of cock so he can't really speak except for some indistinct sounds that make Brady moan from the vibrations.

"So do you think you can take it?" Dale asks.

I shrug, "Sure, everything else is fucking up so why not ruin sex for myself as well."

"Brace yourself on the seat and face the wall," Dale tells me.

"You don't need to tell me twice," I say and despite my attitude, I'm getting hard in anticipation.

I feel Dale spread my cheeks as far as they'll go as he inspects my hole. He probes it with a finger and is obviously pleased to see I've already lubed up and slides the finger all the way in.

"Brady, it's time," I hear him say. I can't help the shiver of anticipation at what I'm about to feel. I feel something press at the opening of my asshole. I'm long past the days when I needed to take it in slowly and I just want Dale to ram it all in at once.

He does, and it practically floors me.

The feeling is phenomenal! It seems to stroke every part of my insides in just the right way and Dale's strokes are strong and deep. I'm screaming in pleasure because my prostate is on fire and it feels as if I should be cumming already. 

"Fuck that's hot," Dale says.

"Well feel free to get in there," I say, "I'm no stranger to double penetration."

Dale doesn't need to be told twice. He stops fucking me with the Dildo and I feel him line up his cock alongside it. He pushes in and this time there is a moment of pain but I was expecting that with a combined amount of cock in my ass equalling 22 inches. When I relax, Dale pushes all the way into me and grabs a hold of the Dildo again, preparing to assail my hole again.

I notice that to my right, Hector had changed positions. Spurred on by screams of pleasure he's mounted Brady's cock cowgirl style and riding it in time with Dale's thrusts. Both he and his boyfriend watch Dale and me excitedly.

I feel my balls tighten and realise that too soon, I'm coming to the climax of the two pronged ass-assault. The Dildo, being longer, reaches further into me than Dale's cock but I feel him start to shoot and his cum goes further into me than the Dildo. With a final groan of pleasure, my cum explodes out of my under the power of the most spectacular orgasm I'd ever experienced.

The last thing I see before I pass out, is both Brady and Hector orgasming simultaneously, Hector's cum spraying all over Brady.

***

I wake up late that night in my own bed with a sore asshole being the only sign that what had happened that afternoon wasn't just the best sex dream ever.