 One of the things that I love about running my speedo fetish sites is getting the chance to meet (online and in person) members who share my speedo fetish. When I started it all way back, I honestly thought I was the only one and that I was weird.

Here is an email I received that week which was pretty hot. I'm keen to hear how you would answer the question that finishes it.

Dear Dave,

I don't know whether to be proud or ashamed of this.

I'm 38, although I usually shave a couple of years off of that online and say I'm 35. For the past few days, I've been chatting to this younger guy on the app. He's really cute. He's got an amazing body. His profile doesn't list his age, but he looks maybe 23 or 24. And since people, myself included, usually post misleading pics, I figure that probably means he's 26 or 27.

He's really direct. He knows what he wants. None of the flakey indecisiveness you normally get with younger guys. He wants to get fucked, he likes the look of me, and wants me to fuck him. Something comes up that first time we were going to be meet. He can't make it.

When a guy seems a little out of your league, you're always waiting for the hookup to go south. Maybe he's drunk and talking big, then looses his courage the next day. Maybe he's just using your pictures to jerk off fantasizing about a hookup he has no intention of going through with.

To my surprise, he messages me the next day around 2pm. He wants me to come over. I'm about to hit the gym so I ask if he can wait an hour. He says sure, but no more because his parents will be home at 4.30pm.

He's a college student and we live close to a university, so it's not unusual for students to live at home. I don't read too much into that information. But there's no way I'm fucking a younger guy in his parents house when they might come home unexpectedly. That's way too weird. I tell him I'll come pick him up and drop him home when we're finished.

He's totally open and okay with that. So I come to pick him up. He gets in. He's got a beard and this absolutely incredible swimmers body, broad shoulders and narrow waist. Everything about him physically says he's a man. Something in his manner though suggests he might be a little younger than his mid-twenties.

On the drive to my place, we chat. Clearly, he's from a different generation to me. He's out to his parents and they're totally cool with him having guys over. Even older guys, I ask? He shrugs. Not when they're home, obviously. But basically, yeah. He never hooks up or dates guys his own age (which I assume to mean his twenties.)

His last boyfriend was 34. He's been with guys in their fifties. It's just what he's into.

We get to my place. He pulls a box of condoms and some lube from his jacket pocket. Clearly, he means business. We go up to my bedroom and he puts these items on the bedside table.

I wonder if he's one of these guys who just wants to be fucked and nothing else. But he falls onto the bed and pulls me into a kiss. It's a bit weird for me kissing a guy with a beard, I usually prefer twinks. But it's clear kissing is a serious turn on for him.

We rip off each others clothes off. His body is even more amazing than I imagined. Every single part of it is toned, even his ass which I eagerly run my hands over. His cock is at least seven or eight inches. I so badly want to suck it. But he pulls me in very tight and, for maybe ten minutes, we kiss furiously and run our hands over each others bodies.

Finally, I break free and suck his cock. It's thin, it bends upwards and I can't get enough of it. I suck him and he's loving it but I can also tell he has no intention of coming. He keeps pulling me up to kiss some more. He keeps telling me how sexy I am. (Objectively, he's way sexier than me but I take the compliment.)

Eventually, he grabs the condoms, takes one for himself and hands the other to me. Now we're both wearing condoms. This is a little confusing. He gasps as I ease into him. But it's clear this isn't his first rodeo. His ass is practically manicured and it easily accommodates my thick penis.

We fuck hard for maybe fifteen or twenty minutes. I have to remind him a couple of times not to make too much noise. I have neighbours. Eventually, I come hard and in great volume.

We close our eyes and lie in each other's arms utterly exhausted. But I'm still a little confused, wondering are we about to go again, him fucking me, and wondering if I have enough energy to go through with it.

Then I look down and notice his condom is also ready for the dustbin. He clearly came hard too while I was fucking him. We clean ourselves off and shower together, kissing but no more fooling around (we're both spent).

Then we go back to bed and spoon and kiss and cuddle for a while. I ask him if he wants to hook up again, he's like yes, of course, a hundred times. Nice. I ask him about his college course. He doesn't know. It hasn't started yet. This is just freshers week. I ask him how old he is, he says eighteen.

Holy shit. We're still naked with our arms around each other. This is a bolt from the blue. As a kind of placeholder question, until I've figured out what I want to say next, I ask him what year he was born in. He pulls out his student I.D. and shows me he was born in the year 2000.

At this point, I almost fall out of the bed. And he's not surprised. I get the feeling he's had this conversation with older men a few times before me. I drop him home and we kiss goodbye, promising to do it again, but on further reflection, I'm genuinely not sure if I should.

Should I fuck him again Dave?

Sincerely, Long time member and fan.