 I looked at the time and said, "DAMN", and felt a slight panic. I hurriedly pulled on my gym shorts and shoes and dashed out the front door. 

How did it get so late? I wondered. One minute I'm reading gay stories on 'Literotica' and suddenly it is two-hours later!

I walked quickly to 'Boner Park'. That wasn't the parks real name, I forget now what it is called, but after dark it was 'where-men-went-to-meet--men'. I lived three blocks away and I picked up my pace. I hoped it wasn't too late to 'hook-up' with someone.

I crossed the street and walked on the high side of the park. It was almost shaped like a bowl and you could look down and see the park from above. I continued walking as I stared down at the walking path that went around the flower garden. I couldn't see anyone, but that didn't mean much, men seemed to come out of nowhere when you walked around the path.

I went down the hill and when I reached the path I slowed down to a casual stride. There were lamp posts and the path was lit up enough to see where you were going, but still dark enough for the 'tops' to hide in the shadows and watch the parade of 'bottoms' walking past them. It always amazed me that I never saw anyone until they were right beside me.

My goal was the Pepsi machine outside the men's room on the other side of the flower garden. Someone usually approached me before I made it to the soda machine. Not tonight, though. I stood near the machine for a minute or two—the park was very quiet—I cursed myself for not paying closer attention to the time.

I turned to walk back and a man was standing in front of me. It startled me.

"I'm sorry," he said; he'd seen me flinch.

"That's alright..." I answered.

"Would you like some company?" he asked.

"Sure," I eagerly said.

He walked a couple steps to the side and ahead of me. I followed him. I quickly checked him out: he was pretty old, maybe fifty, but he had a nice head of grey hair, and he still had a handsome face. I had done a lot worse here than him.

We sat in the dark behind a tree. Our hands went to each others' crotch and he said, "I want to suck you", and I immediately blurted out "I would rather suck you". We stopped pawing one another and broke out in laughter. 

Just my luck, I thought, the only other guy left in the park and he was a bottom, too.

We sat quietly looking around the park then I said, "Well...I guess it's too late...think I'll head home."

"Yeah," he agreed. "...the trouser-trout aren't biting tonight."

I laughed, "Trouser-trout? Haven't heard that one before..."

We stood and brushed the grass off our clothes. We began walking in the same direction. When we reached an area that had light we looked at each other and smiled and continued walking in the same direction.

"I should have looked at your outfit a little closer, how old are you?" he asked with a chuckle.

"Twenty-two..." I answered.

"Twenty-two and cute as a button..." he shook his head, "...and I have to compete with you?" 

"Well, there's plenty of trout in the river..." I said.

He smiled, "I'm Vernon," he said.

"Nice to meet you," I said, "I'm John." We shook hands.

"How long have you been doing this?" I asked.

"Too long..." he answered softly, shaking his head; then he continued, "...I came to this park thirty-years ago...I was married with two young daughters at home...something in my head said, 'go ahead and try it'...I tried it...I'm still here."

"You still married?" I asked.

"No...that ended when my wife caught me with a guy...."

"Oh, too bad...that must have been tough."

"It was intensely miserable for all concerned...my wife and oldest daughter saw me bending over for some guy...I don't know how long they were there watching...."

My God! I shuddered at the thought of it. "I'm sorry..."

"Well, that was another lifetime ago...."

We crossed the street and he said, "Well...here's my building...."

We stood for a second and I reached out to shake his hand then he said, "I'm not tired yet—you want to come up for a beer or wine?"

I wasn't tired either. "Sure—sounds good," I said.

We walked up a flight of stairs and went into his apartment. It was bigger than mine, he had actual rooms: living room, kitchen, bathroom and a bedroom. My place was just a small efficiency.

He pointed at the couch and told me to make myself at home. He asked me what I wanted to drink.

"What are you having?"

"I'm going to open a bottle of Pinot Noir."

"Oh, good—I like that, too."

He disappeared then came back with two very full glasses of wine. We each sat on an end of the couch.

"How about you?" he asked, "How come a nice looking boy like you goes to the park? I'd think the guys would be falling all over you at a bar, or somewhere a little safer than this park."

"Well..." I wasn't sure how to say this, "...sometimes I go to a bar out on old highway 91, but that's kind of far away—especially after you've been drinking..."

"There are quite a few gay bars around here—why not one of those?"

That was the question I didn't want to answer. Oh well, I'll probably never see this guy after tonight—may as well be honest with him. "I'm afraid I might run into somebody I know at one of those bars..."

A slight smile crossed his lips, "Ah...yes, I understand."

"You know...I mean, I'm not ashamed of what I do, but...well..."

"You have a 'reputation' to protect," he finished it for me.

I blushed then softly said, "Yeah...nobody knows that I like to have sex with guys..."

"Your family? Your friends? No one?" he asked.

I shook my head. "No—no one!"

"You haven't been doing this very long then? Can I ask you what your first experience was?"

"I was seventeen...a friend of mine's relative was visiting his family...the three of us got drunk one night...the relative volunteered to drive me home on the way back to his motel...in the car he said how it was still early—how he had some whiskey in his room...he asked if I wanted to 'party' with him...I said, 'sure'...now I don't know if this was real or just in my head, but I thought I felt a spark between us...I liked this guy...I'd really never thought about making it with another guy before, but suddenly I had these strange feelings for him, and I think he knew...I think he knew I was submissive...anyway, we're on his bed drinking whiskey and he suddenly offers me a pill...I watched him swallow one so I said, 'what the hell', and downed it with a shot of whiskey...in a little while I could tell the pill was affecting him—the pill never did anything for me, but it was working on him...he starts taking his clothes off...when he's down to his boxers I see he has a huge bulge...he saw me staring at it so he pulled off his boxers and he had the biggest cock I'd ever seen—I mean even to this day it was the biggest cock I've ever seen...I couldn't take my eyes off it...he started stroking it then he crawled over to me on the bed and started kissing my neck and face...he took my head in his hands and kissed me on the lips—I didn't resist so we kept kissing while he undressed me...he got on top of me and kept saying how pretty I was and kept kissing me—I liked it...then he goes, 'you wanna feel my cock?' and I shake my head 'yes'...he lay on his back and I sat up and looked at it—it was so big it was almost grotesque...my hand didn't even come close to going all the way around it...I stroked it for him...I looked at his scrotum—it was huge, too...I wanted to feel how heavy his balls were so I held them in my other hand...he just lay back smiling while I masturbated him and rubbed his balls...suddenly he stops me—pulls me down next to him and whispers how much he wants to fuck me—'I'd love to fuck your tight asshole', he said...'Let me stick it in you, okay?'...well, I got scared...I looked at that huge monstrosity of his and it scared the hell out of me...he'd kill me with that thing...he pushed me down and held me...I tried getting away from him but he was too strong...he put his hand over my mouth and I felt his cock at my back door...then all of a sudden he passes out on top of me...it was all I could do to get out from beneath him...when I left the room he was snoring and holding that big cock of his."

"So, what you're saying is that if he'd had a smaller cock—you would have let him fuck you?"

"Well...yeah—yeah, I would have let him fuck me."

"How did you get home?"

I blushed. "Well...I took some money out of his wallet and flagged down a taxi...funny thing is, after all these years he still asks my friend about me—my friend doesn't know what happened, but his cousin still asks about me."

"More wine?"

"Sure," I said, and when Vernon stood I could see he had an erection.

He brought the bottle to me and as he filled my glass, I said, "If you want any help with that just let me know."

He looked at me and saw where I was staring and laughed, "Ohhh, you are a wicked little boy, aren't you? Well, the night's still young—never-say-never!"

We laughed. I really liked this guy.

"How about you?" I asked, "What was your first time like with a guy?"

"Not as exciting as yours, I'm afraid...I was in college...my roommate and I had been to a party and we were drunk when we got back to the dorm...we took off our clothes and went to bed...it was dark and I heard him come across the room and he climbed into bed with me—I didn't say anything...he began stroking and kissing my chest—I didn't stop him...I felt his hand rubbing my thighs—I got an erection...he took hold of my erection and squeezed it...when I didn't stop him he took it in his mouth...it was very thrilling...actually it was the first blow-job I'd ever gotten...well, I guess because of all the booze I'd had, it took a long time for me to cum...but, oh-my-God—when I came it was the greatest feeling in my life...Eddie, that was his name, Eddie swallowed my load and was leaving my bed when I pulled him back down...I just had to repay his kindness...I started playing with his cock and balls--it surprised the hell out of him—he didn't think I was 'that way'...hell, I didn't know it myself...I pushed him onto his back and knelt between his legs...it took a long time for him to cum, too—I didn't care—I loved having his cock in my mouth...my own cock began to get hard again—I couldn't believe how turned-on I was getting by sucking his cock...when he came I swallowed it all...he went back to his bed—we never said a word...when I heard him snoring—I jerked-off while thinking about his cock...he and I got together every Saturday night...I discovered that I liked sucking his cock more than I liked him sucking mine...one night I stopped him from sucking me and just had him lay down while I did him...afterwards, I kept him in my bed...I sucked his balls then I got my first taste of his bottomhole...my tongue in his ass had him moaning and squirming on the bed...when his cock got hard again—I begged him to fuck me...Eddie took my virginity that night and for the rest of the school year we slept together every night...my best orgasms came when I was bending over while he fucked me in the ass and he'd stroke my cock—it was super-delicious!"

"Maybe I'll be the one helping you out tonight!" he laughed, pointing at the erection in my shorts.

He opened another bottle of wine and filled our glasses. This time, when he sat down on the couch he was next to me.

"I'm going to assume you're not a virgin—so how did you lose your cherry?" he asked.

I smiled. "Well, funny thing is--it was right under your nose...I thought I recognized this building...a couple years ago I hooked-up with a guy in the park...he asked if I wanted to go to his van, I said, 'Sure'...he was parked on the street just below your window...I was a little scared at first, but when we got in the back it was nice—it had carpeting, and it didn't smell funky or anything...so we're laying on the carpet and I'm on top kissing him—I open his shirt and kiss my way down his chest then I open his pants and he helps me get them off...for whatever reason, I really liked this guy—maybe because he was clean and he smelled good—I don't know...but I did something I normally don't when I hook-up—I took all my clothes off, too...anyway, his cock wasn't very big—it was about the same size as mine, so while I'm sucking him it occurs to me that this would be a nice cock to have in my ass...so after I swallow his load, I go to work on his balls and asshole...he probably thought he'd just pop his nuts and we'd be done, but I had a mission that night—I wanted to lose my cherry...when his cock got hard I asked him if he wanted to fuck me—'OH GOD YES' he yelled...well, we scrambled around in that van looking for something to lube my hole with but we couldn't find anything...he said, "I'll be very careful—I'll be gentle"—I was so excited about losing my virginity it didn't matter to me—I just wanted to feel his cock inside me...now, if someone had been walking down the street in our direction, they would have seen me bending over with my hands on the front seats...anyway, he used his finger first...he rubbed my anus then pushed the tip of his finger into me...he slowly fed me his finger, stopping along the way to let me get used to the feel of it...when it was all the way inside me he slowly finger-fucked me...I felt his hard cock against my bottomcheeks—I was ecstatic knowing it would soon be inside me...he removed his finger and I felt his cockhead pushing against my anus...I pushed my hips back to help him and his cockhead broke through my anus—my own cock stiffened the second I'd felt his cock inside me...just like with his finger, he slowly pushed it into me...it was a whole new sensation...it wasn't very painful, it was more of a matter of just feeling filled-up back there...I did have to concentrate on keeping my sphincter loose...anyway, I feel his pubic hair on my asscheeks and I know he's in me to the hilt...he fucks me real slow with long strokes—it's driving me crazy—my cock is throbbing...he fucks me faster-and-faster—I'm pushing my hips back at him and suddenly his cockhead bumps my prostate—"OOOHHHHHGGGGOOODDDDD" I cry out...this makes him fuck me harder and he's holding my hips and plowing back-and-forth...I'm dizzy from the pleasure...suddenly he reaches around and grabs my cock...he strokes it maybe four-five times and my balls explode and then I feel him filling my ass with his cum...we were both screaming and our bodies were convulsing...when I felt his soft cock slide out of my hole, I felt his cum running down the backs of my legs...I remember feeling absolutely thrilled that my first fuck was even better than I had hoped it would be."

Vernon put his arm around my shoulder and asked me, "What's wrong?"

My eyes had welled with tears and I was suddenly feeling very sad, "It's silly..." I said.

"What is it?"

"He and I stayed in his van for an hour—his name was Kevin...we held each other—we kissed...we talked—he was a great guy...he wanted to see me again—he wanted us to go out—to be together...he asked for my phone number...I gave him a phony number..."

"Why? He sounds like the ideal man—what? You didn't want to be with just one guy?"

"No...I couldn't admit to myself that I could possibly be in love with a man—that was not acceptable to me...my family and friends would never understand."

There was a moment of awkward silence then he said, "Well, you'll never know what would have happened—he might have turned out to be another typical man...men can be such bastards..."

"Yeah I know...most of them--once they shoot their wad they can't get away from you fast enough."

We laughed. We drank our wine. He still had his arm around over my shoulder and his hand was absentmindedly stroking my arm and neck. He had a gentle touch—the hair on the back of my neck stood up, and I shivered.

"Are you cold?" He asked.

I smiled and said, "No...your hand feels good..."

We looked at each other and our faces came together and we kissed. His lips were warm and pliant. It was a long, lingering kiss. It was nice.

He took the wine glass from my hand and set them both on the coffee table. I opened his pants; he pulled my tiny shorts down to my knees; he lifted his hips and I pushed his pants and boxers down his thighs.

Our lips met again as our hands gently grasped each others' cock; we slowly, unhurriedly and very sweetly, stroked each other—gave each other pleasure. Our tongues meshed together; our lips were one. We stroked faster. We moaned into one another's mouth. I was the first to cum—I pressed my lips tightly to his and groaned—my balls emptied and his hand was thick with my semen. 

I felt his cock expand in my hand. I kept stroking him long after his body quit convulsing; he had to take my hand away from his cock. My hand was covered with his cum. I brought my hand to my lips and tasted his cum—it was delicious—a faint salty flavor. 

He smiled and did the same. "Mmmmmm..." he exclaimed, "...tastes like a fresh, summer evening breeze."

"No—that's just the douche I use."

We laughed and walked bare bottom to his bathroom. He had two washcloths and we gently washed each other's penis and balls. We went back to his living room and put on our pants. 

He said, "I love your tiny gym shorts--very sexy!"

I smiled. "Well...I really like the feel of the nylon rubbing against my penis."

"You ever wear women's panties?" he asked.

"That's a whole, different story," I blushed.

"I'd like to hear it sometime," he said.

He asked for my phone number and I gave it to him.

"When I call this number, a guy in a Pakistani call center won't answer—will he?"

I laughed, "No—this is my real number."

At the front door I kissed him on the cheek and thanked him for the wine.

"No," he smiled. "Thank you!"

The sun was rising when I walked out of his building.

Two days later my cell phone rang. I didn't recognize the number but answered it anyway.

"Hello."

"Hi, John—this is Vernon. I was wondering if you wanted to play golf tomorrow—if you're busy—I'll understand."

"No-no—I'd like that."

The other night when I asked about his hobbies he said he played golf three-four days a week. I'd told him I liked to play golf, too.

The next morning he drove the one block to my building; I was waiting in front with my clubs. 

We had a good time. He had me drive the golf cart and our conversation came freely and easy. He was fun to be with. He was also a very good golfer—I was impressed. Afterwards, he bought me lunch at the course and then we drove home. I had to get ready for work that night.

"You know, John," he said, as I was about to get out of his car, "...I know you work late, but if you ever see my light on when you get home—that means I'm still awake, and you're always welcome to come upstairs."

I smiled and said, "I wouldn't want to interrupt you if you're in the middle of someone."

He laughed, "No...I've never brought a 'date' home with me...I wouldn't want most of them to know where I live."

I smiled and said, "I know what you mean."

I was a bartender on the north side of town in a neighborhood bar. During the day, we had a working-class clientele, but after dark, the crowd changed over to younger people, many of them the son's and daughter's of our daytime crowd.

I had a pretty good following, mostly girls in their twenty's. They thought I was a little cutie. From time-to-time I went home with one of them. Yeah, I was bisexual, but I preferred the company of men over girls. I didn't want them to know that, though. They tipped me very well so I considered eating pussy a small price to pay. Besides, I couldn't blow my cover as a cute, studly kind-of-guy.

Mid-way through my shift, Janice walked in and sat in my section. I had gone home with her the week before—my jaw was still sore from going-down on her—it had taken me forever to get her off. 
