  (Authors Note: To understand and appreciate the story line in Part two, please first read Twist & Turns, Part one. For me to fully recap the events in Part One here would be unnecessarily and overly redundant. You should read them in sequence. Thanks ) 

Ray and I left Mercer Park somewhat in a daze. We had met there to get to know one another, but had both been taken anally by complete strangers while we sucked each other. They had appeared out of nowhere while Ray and I were fully engaged in a "69". We mistakenly each thought the other had secretly planned it and willingly went along with it. For me, it was only the second time I had a cock in my ass. The first and only previous time was years ago, while I was very drunk, and with a man who was somewhat on the small size. He did enter me and I found that rather painful and not particularly pleasurable. We were laying on our sides and I basically clenched my ass cheeks together and he mostly fucked me between them and came outside of me between my thighs. 

However, that day at Mercer Park was completely different. With Ray's cock deep in my throat, I not only watched a 10 inch cock enter him, but simultaneously felt a 12 inch one enter me. My initial cry of pain was muffled by the cock in my mouth. Any sense of resistance or pain was quickly overcome by the sensation of Ray's lips around my cock as he laid on top of me and the view of another cock entering his ass only an inch or two from my eyes while I felt one slowly enter me. As I watched the cock slowly enter Ray, I felt one enter me as if mirrored and choreographed. As I watched the cock in Ray bury itself until its balls rest on my forehead, I felt the 12 inch one in me glide into me until its balls pushed against my ass. As I watched the cock slowly withdraw from Ray's ass, I felt its twin ease out of me,...and just as slowly begin its journey back into us. It really was close to sensory over-load.

Both "interlopers" came before Ray and me. Since that time, I have often fell asleep recalling the moment they both came. With Ray's cock deep in my mouth and mine in his,...I first noticed the balls of his intruder tighten as his thighs began to quiver. I saw and felt him push deeper into Ray as I felt the one in my ass do the same. I felt the balls resting on my face begin to pulse just as I felt the cock in my ass swell, begin to pulse, followed by several massive pulses of very hot cum being buried deeply into me.

Ray and I only came after the two "interlopers" withdrew their cocks as rudely as they had entered. Their abrupt withdrawals seemed like someone pulled a ripcord that threw us both into mutual orgasms. Both were gone by the time we finished cumming in each other's mouths.

The only evidence they had been there besides the cum in our asses, were the pictures they had taken using our cell phones, a text message to contact them if we also wanted the "video" , too. It was only then that Ray and I figured out that they were complete strangers. We talked about how we could have been duped like that. I simple errant thrown Frisbee,...a brief "Thank You", exchange of first names, and almost an uncanny understanding of human nature and the interaction between two people on a first date. They played us like a fine fiddle.

The pictures were incriminating enough. There were several close-ups that could easily have been taken by both of the interlopers, but several taken further away that included all four of us in full view that could only have been taken by a third and/or fourth party. I could only imagine what was on the video.

Several days passed before my embarrassment faded and my curiosity got the best of me. More than that, I wanted that video back before it was circulated "Who knows where?" I called the number left in the text message.

"Hello, Mike. We were wondering when you would call".

"Ah", I stuttered, wondering how he knew my name, but realized he had caller ID. "DUH", I thought. I also remembered Ray and I giving them our names when we retrieved their Frisbee.

"Ah", I stuttered again,... "I'm calling about the video. Can you send it to me?"

"I can give it to you." , he replied, followed by, "It's much too large a file to email to you, though. It's the better part of two entire DVDs". 

"What?" I stammered again.

"Well,..." he explained. "we had two other friends hiding in the shrubs. One had a video camera and the other a digital still one. We knew about that secluded spot and figured that was where you we heading,...so we followed you. We were taking video the whole time. Quite a show you two put on". 

If one could "hear" somebody blush, he heard me turn beet red. I could only begin to imagine what was on the DVD. After a long pause, I asked, "Which one were you?"

"Yours", he replied. "All 12 inches of it. My name is Rick, by the way", he added.

Despite my embarrassment and feelings of having been duped, used, as well as filmed by him and his pals, I felt my cock begin to swell as my thoughts recalled how it felt having his 12 INCHES" buried in me. Determined not to let on that I was getting hard just thinking about it I tersely asked where and when I could pick it up, but my voice nervously cracked and went hoarse as I did so. He gave me his address and said, "Tomorrow. Anytime after 7pm".

Despite my apprehension of meeting the stranger who had plowed my all but virgin ass with a full foot of cock and cum in the same just days before, the next day couldn't arrive soon enough.

Both Ray and I were professionals and the thought of this DVD being circulated on the internet or even amongst friends was horrifying. Who knew how clear the pictures were? Who would see it?.....Neighbors, coworkers, relatives, people we see at the grocery store, friends, kids of friends, and so on and so on? We had to get it back.

__________________________________

Ray wasn't able to go with me since he had to work late the next evening, but I decided to go anyway because I really wanted to get this done and over with as soon as possible. I left early, allowing myself extra time to find Rick's house. I wanted to just go in, grab the DVD and leave. However, as I drove up to his address, I noticed that it was really a fraternity house of a local college. This wasn't going to be that easy.

The main door was open with only a screen door between me and a large common living room. I knocked at first and called out. I was somewhat relieved not to see a bunch of frat brothers milling around and stepped inside. 

I hollered out, "Hello,...Is Rick here?"

"Is that you, Mike?", a voice came from upstairs. "Come on up".

Once upstairs, I followed the sounds of what seemed like a TV in a room at the far end of a long hallway. As I neared the sounds clearly were from a porn video with various grunts and groans.

I suddenly froze in my tracks as I entered the room. Sitting on an oversized sofa facing the door were three guys with their pants down around their ankles stroking already hard cocks. Next to them in an easy chair sat whom I immediately guessed was Rick judging by his lean build and the foot long cock he was stroking.

"Close the door", Rick ordered. I did as he told me then immediately kicked myself for being so obedient. Catching my composure, I blurted out, "I'm here for the DVD and I have to get going", trying to take back control. I failed.

"Not so fast", Rick replied. "We haven't finished watching it yet" as he nodded to a large 50" HDTV hanging on the wall behind me.

It took me a few seconds to realize they were watching the video of them fucking Ray and me at Mercer Park. I was too embarrassed to turn back around and just stood motionless until Rick said, "Here. Have a cold one and have a seat". In one hand he offered a cold beer while patting the top of the end table between himself and the three other guys on the sofa. Again, I obeyed him. I think I was just totally too stunned and embarrassed to think straight. My knees felt weak and I needed to sit, but there were no other chairs and the end table looked good at the moment.

I looked to my side at the three guys on the sofa. Rick introduced them as Ron, Tim, and Cory, respectively. They all smiled and simply nodded before returning their gazes to the TV. Ron, the one sitting closest to me had to be the other guy from Mercer Park judging by his slender 10 inch cock. Next to him was a shorter guy named Tim. His cock was decidedly shorter,...maybe 7-8 inches, but with a large bulbous head. I noticed that it was already oozing pre cum as he continued to stroke it slowly. On the end sat Cory, a huskier, darker skinned guy (not Black, but perhaps mixed race) with what had to be one of the fattest cocks I had ever seen. It looked to be 8-9 inches long, but his hand didn't come near to wrapping fully around it. It had several pronounced veins leading from its balls to its darker head. I immediately notice that he was uncircumcised as his foreskin rode up and over his cock head with each slow stroke. It wasn't a heavy foreskin. It almost seemed somewhat transparent as it slid up and down his shaft,...almost like a ultra-shear condom. 

"Let's restart it." Rick said loudly. His voice broke my far-too-long stare at the three on the sofa. I turned to look at him and was met with a smile as he pushed replay on the remote, all the while continuing to stoke his cock with the other hand. Again, I found myself staring and quickly looked at the TV before it became too apparent. 

First to appear on the DVD were a series of about 150 or so still photos. There were several of Ray and me standing holding each others' cocks, followed by Ray and me alternately kneeling and sucking each other. After that came several of Ray and me alone in the 69 position with numerous telephoto close-ups. The bulk of the rest of the still shots began with the pant-less Rick and Ron as they knelt opposite us at each end between our thighs with their respective cocks entering our asses. Mixed in were numerous very, very close-ups of Ray's and my faces stuffed with each others' cocks underneath the other's cock filled ass. Rick explained that he and Ron had used their cell phone cameras for those extreme close-up shots. It was obvious why neither Ray nor I had noticed them taking snap shots. Sucking on a cock whose balls are splayed the bridge of one's nose while the balls of another cock roll across one's eyes as it travels in and out of the person's ass whose cock is in your mouth,...while the same is being done to you at the same time doesn't afford much opportunity for sight-seeing. LOL. 

While watching the DVD and as much as I wanted to resist,...I began to get hard. I even felt myself ooze some precum. Ever observant, Rick noticed both and reached over to just place his forefinger on the wet spot on my pants. He didn't lick it, but rather held it to his nose as if smelling the cork of a fine wine, then smiled. As if on cue, I noticed the same aroma of maleness permeating the room. I began to wonder just how long all four men had been "edging" themselves before I arrived while watching the video of Ray and me, but those thoughts were quickly interrupted.

Rick arose from his chair, stepped towards me, and immediately placed the wet tip of his foot long cock upon my lips. I was stunned at first as his cock head touched my lips, but taken back even more as his hands reached behind my head forced three more inches into my mouth and held it there. I initially tried to withdraw but his hands firmly held me there. The feel of warm flesh of his cock, the pervasive aroma of the room, the sight and sounds from the video, just made me give in. My resistance melted and I sank willingly upon him.

I moaned and willingly allowed Rick to sink his foot long cock into my mouth until his balls came to rest upon my chin. I wanted to suck those in but my mouth but was too full. Any idea that I would have any control of this evening quickly disappeared. I knelt on the floor without removing his cock from my mouth ad looked up to see Rick coyly smiling back at me. Without breaking eye contact, he slowly began to pull his cock from my mouth until just the head remained inside. Slowly, very slowly,...he slid back into me until, after half was back in, it hit my "gag-reflex",....I swallowed and felt it slide past and deep into my throat. My nose bottomed in his pubic hair and I took in his unique smell of soap, sweat, precum, and male pheromones. He held me there,...not moving,...until I had to push back to breathe. I felt my eyes and nose watering. 

I guess Rick took pity on me and slowly began fucking my face, but only plunging three-quarters of his shaft into my mouth before pulling back out until just its head remained. Each time he withdrew he bathe my tongue with precum. It tasted like a sweet thin honey. 

I had completely forgot about the others in the room, but that changed as I felt myself being undressed. One set of hands unbuttoned my shirt while another set unzipped and pulled down my pants. Willingly, I dropped my arms from Rick's hips so my shirt could be removed and then alternately lifted one knee at a time as my pants were fully removed. All the while, Rick's cock had never left my mouth. 

Slowly, Rick slid off his easy chair unto the floor, pulling me with him. He leaned against it with his bent knees on either side of my head. I was still kneeling and his action left me with my bare ass in the air. I wanted to stretch my legs out behind me but Ron quickly knelt between them. 

I felt Ron place the tip of his 10 incher against my sphincter. My thoughts were that I was reliving that day at Mercer Park. I prepared for a sharp pain, but was surprised as the head of his cock easily slid into me. Obviously the combination of my horniness, my open position, his precum, and probably some applied lotion allowed easy access into my ass. Even so, I tried to moan, but the cock in my throat made it sound like a low hum. Rick responded to that and thrust his cock deeper into my throat.

Perhaps from edging for who knows how long before I arrived, Ron didn't last long. I felt him begin to quicken his pace until he buried his cock in my ass, held me there and spurted deeply into me with a loud moan. I felt his thighs quiver and several quick spasms as he finished emptying his load into me.

He stayed in me until he was thoroughly emptied before abruptly pulling his cock out. Tim, the one with the shorter yet more bulbous cock head quickly replaced him. I felt his plum-sized cock head forced against my opening. I felt a sharp pang as he forced it into me, but that was mediated by the combination of Ron's lube, cum, and having just been fucked. Once Tim's bulbous head past into me, my ass seemed to suck the rest of his cock deep into me.

He, too, began slowly. I could actually feel his large head move inside me. It felt like the size of a baseball inside me. He pulled it out until just the head pulled at my sphincter resistance from the inside, never removing it, before plunging back into me. 

This went on for several minutes until I felt him slam deep into me. It seemed like the head of his cock grew to the size of an orange before he blew a huge load into me. 

Tim didn't delay long before he abruptly pulled his still hard cock and bulbous head out of me. I groaned loudly as he did and heard a muffled "pop" as he did. I felt my ass beginning to ooze cum down my thighs. 

I hadn't forgot about Rick whose cock had been in my mouth the entire time. My moans caused him to resume fucking my mouth. Cradling his balls with both of my hands, I pulled his cock in and out of my mouth.

Suddenly,...I had almost forgotten about him,...I felt Cory's huge fat cock press against my cum-dripping ass. For some reason I thought could easily handle his girth after being fucked twice before, but I was mistaken. 

Cory's cock head entered easily, but when he began sinking his "coke-can width" shaft into me, I moan loudly in pain. That seemed to set Rick off and he began fucking my mouth in earnest. 

Cory's cock felt like a baseball bat being driven into me. I felt my cock profusely spewing precum while my balls filled with cum. I knew I was about to cum and started to moan again and again as I began to spasm. This obviously sent Cory over the edge as I felt his shaft swell even more and felt several huge spurts into me. As he came, I came, too. All I could do was gutturally moan with Rick's cock still in my mouth.

After Cory withdrew, all I could do was collapse on my side. Rick's cock slipped out of my mouth as I did so. As I laid on my side, I could feel cum oozing from my ass unto my thighs. I couldn't move and sprawled unto my back with a groan. 

Unfinished, Rick knelt over my mouth and finished cumming. I felt his hot cum spew across my face and lips. With my eyes closed, I opened my mouth and felt several spurts hit my tongue. When he neared finishing, he placed his cock in my mouth and I milked the last few drops of cum from it.

Exhausted, I quickly fell asleep on the floor. The next thing I remember, Rick was gently shaking me. He was fully dressed and told me that I had to get dressed and leave as he had classes in the morning. Everyone else had left already. 

Reluctantly, I arose, put my shirt back on but too tired to button it and grabbed my shoes in hand to follow Rick to the door. Rick handed me the DVD. 

I meekly said, "Thanks".

He replied, "It's only a copy. See ya", and closed the door.























Twist and Turns: Part II

(Authors Note: To understand and appreciate the story line in Part two, please first read Twist & Turns, Part one. For me to fully recap the events in Part One here would be unnecessarily and overly redundant. You should read them in sequence. Thanks ) 

Ray and I left Mercer Park somewhat in a daze. We had met there to get to know one another, but had both been taken anally by complete strangers while we sucked each other. They had appeared out of nowhere while Ray and I were fully engaged in a "69". We mistakenly each thought the other had secretly planned it and willingly went along with it. For me, it was only the second time I had a cock in my ass. The first and only previous time was years ago, while I was very drunk, and with a man who was somewhat on the small size. He did enter me and I found that rather painful and not particularly pleasurable. We were laying on our sides and I basically clenched my ass cheeks together and he mostly fucked me between them and came outside of me between my thighs. 

However, that day at Mercer Park was completely different. With Ray's cock deep in my throat, I not only watched a 10 inch cock enter him, but simultaneously felt a 12 inch one enter me. My initial cry of pain was muffled by the cock in my mouth. Any sense of resistance or pain was quickly overcome by the sensation of Ray's lips around my cock as he laid on top of me and the view of another cock entering his ass only an inch or two from my eyes while I felt one slowly enter me. As I watched the cock slowly enter Ray, I felt one enter me as if mirrored and choreographed. As I watched the cock in Ray bury itself until its balls rest on my forehead, I felt the 12 inch one in me glide into me until its balls pushed against my ass. As I watched the cock slowly withdraw from Ray's ass, I felt its twin ease out of me,...and just as slowly begin its journey back into us. It really was close to sensory over-load.

Both "interlopers" came before Ray and me. Since that time, I have often fell asleep recalling the moment they both came. With Ray's cock deep in my mouth and mine in his,...I first noticed the balls of his intruder tighten as his thighs began to quiver. I saw and felt him push deeper into Ray as I felt the one in my ass do the same. I felt the balls resting on my face begin to pulse just as I felt the cock in my ass swell, begin to pulse, followed by several massive pulses of very hot cum being buried deeply into me.
