 I stumbled out of the booth and joined the rest of the crowd in the maze. The smell of cum was building up in the air - I'm sure that my last fling was a contributing factor to the sexy and musky air. As I walked around, a few men rubbed up against me to gain attention, but I was not inspired by any of them to be my next adventure. When suddenly, a familiar voice rang behind my ear - "Hey - are those hands of yours available?" It was the first guy that I met in the shower! I was so glad that I saved myself - here was the man that I wanted to reach my pinnacle orgasm tonight. I smiled back at him and said "They're ready for you again and are eager to continue. Where shall we go?" He indicated me to follow him which I was more than happy to do so.

It turns out that he had rented a private room and wasn't alone - waiting in his room was a naked Chinese man. 

"Jacky," the Chinese guy said, "is this the guy whose hands you were talking about earlier?" Clearly, I had left an impression on Jacky and he shared it with his lover.

Jacky introduced his lover, Cheng, of 6 years to me and explained that he has an Asian fetish and together with his lover invite other Asian guys to "fling" together. To set the stage, they shared that they test for cleanliness regularly and are very selective with who they involve.

Here, I was excited - in my new world of gay sex, I've only experienced white guys. I've spent nights alone lying on my bed, heels in the air and my cock in front of my face - pretending that another Asian man's cock was in front of me. Now, I'm going to expand my universe with someone whose cock looks like mine! 

As Cheng stood in front of my, I was mesmerized by his smooth body that was only covered with trimmed black hair around his genitals. His uncircumcised cock looked like mine except that it had was of thicker girth. I licked my lips and bit my lower lip in anticipation of the exploration that I was about to have.

However, I was now stumped. I didn't know what to do next with two other naked men in the room - I was now about to experience my first gay threesome. Cheng noticed that I was lost in the room, took my hand and sat me down on the edge of the bed. With his naked body next to me, he unwrapped my towel and exposed my genitals. Naturally, our hands reached across and wrapped our palms around each other's Chinese cocks. I was in bliss, my cock was finally getting the attention it needed. To reciprocate, I was massaging a cock that looked like mine - tanned skin, trimmed black hair around it and a smooth body around it. After peeling back Cheng's foreskin, I gently rubbed his cock head with my thumb, drawing pre-cum from his slit. In response, he too was rubbing my cock head in perfect coordination to my hand movements. The feeling was sensual and amazing - we were both sharing in the same stimulation. 

Jacky clearly wanted part of the action. He walked up to me, cock facing me and said, "May I have those amazing hands again?" So, with my right hand on Cheng's cock and my left hand on Jacky's, I was officially having my first threesome.

I drew Jacky closer to my body to have a closer view to his cock. It was a beautiful cock - his cock head had a pronounced helmet that was grand looking with huge balls hanging low. I rubbed my nose against the cock head and took a deep whiff of the Jacky's manliness. The musky smell that I had become addicted to poured from his cock head. I opened my mouth and drew his cock into my mouth. I engulfed his cock with my saliva and warm tongue. I was sucking his shaft and cock head ferociously.

By now, Cheng was smiling jealously - he too wanted the same mouth to cock attention. He stood up and positioned his Chinese cock in front of my face and next to his lover's. I now had two cock heads rubbing against my lips - it was amazing! With each hand on a different cock, I was alternating each into my mouth and sucking desperately - Asian cock then White cock, Asian cock then White cock... I totally felt like a cock slut at that very moment.

Positioning cock head to cock head, I ran my tongue across Jacky's and Cheng's helmets. This stimulated pre-cum from these two lovers and I proceeded to spread them across each others cocks. Then opening my mouth as wide as possible, I stretched as much as possible to fit both of their cocks in my mouth. By now I was without inhibition and desperately pleasuring cock and balls. Never would I have imagined having two cocks in my mouth and rubbing their heads to each other across my tongue.

With cock introductions in order, we shifted positions onto the king size bed. With the three of us on the bed, we linked together in a cock sucking chain - my mouth on Jacky's cock, Jacky's mouth pleasuring Cheng's and finally, my cock gobbled up by Cheng. It was an amazing arrangement - our sucking, licking and moaning were synchronized together. As Cheng moved up and down my cock, I too followed suit . As Cheng slurped my cock head, I took his cue and slurped Jacky's boner. It was great - I was learning from Cheng while I practiced on Jacky - real time schooling on how to suck cock! With my eyes closed, I was taking lead from the sensations between my legs and translating them to the cock that was in my mouth. 

After some time, the two boys needed more from each other - it was time to show off their love making skills. Cheng went on all fours on the bed and pointed his ass in full declaration towards Jacky. "Fuck me baby" was all Cheng needed to say before Jacky launched with gusto his penis into Cheng's bud. There I was lying in bed, next to these two men fucking - fully mesmerized by the motion and moans. But this was a different fucking from gay porn - not a violent ramming of cock into ass but this was a tender filled slow rocking of cock massaging ass. It was clear that they were lovers - Jacky tenderly inserted and removed his cock drawing sighs instead of pain from Cheng. It was such an eye opener for me to observe. But enough of watching, I too wanted to be part of this pleasure, this love fest. I knelt in front of Cheng and rubbed my cock over his lips to stimulate both of our senses. On his next sigh from Jacky's cock, his half opened mouth gave me the entry way to place my cock head between his lips. I didn't go in any further but instead, to tease myself, I let my cock head enjoy the warm breath exhaled with each fuck-sigh. 

I wanted to get a close up on the cock to ass action so I slipped underneath Cheng body with my face right below his groin. Tilting my head up while lying on the bed, I gazed at Jacky's white cock rocking into Cheng's ass. Draped across my cheeks was Cheng's cock while my eyes was just mesmerized by the love making.

Instead of being a passive by-stander to the love making, I wrapped my mouth around Cheng's cock and sucked furiously. And with my left fingers on Cheng's ball-sack and right fingers on Jacky's ball-sack, I softly stroked the skin of the boy's scrotum sack. This was so amazing - here I was, right in the middle of a pair of lovers love making and actively trying to make them cum! 

All this physical attention pushed Cheng over the edge as he started to moan, "I need to cum. Please I need to cum..." In response, I positioned his cock head right on my lips and immediately, my lips felt the surge of Asian hot cum streaming out over my lips and face. Licking my lips, I tasted his Asian cum and it was creamy with a slight sweetness to it. It was amazing - musky smell of crotch over my face, warm cum covering my cheeks and lips. I wanted to make sure that I didn't lose a drop of Cheng's cum - so I started to rub it over my face and down my chest. The sticky gooey cum coated my body like a beauty cream.

Cheng's pulsating orgasm resonated through his ass and Jacky felt every bit of it. The intense contraction of Cheng's ass streamed over Jacky's cock, also driving him into his orgasm. Jacky pulled his cock out and motioned Cheng to climb off me. He knelled over me with his white cock head over my face. My hands reached over to his balls and wrapped around them gently. As white hot semen came pouring out of his cock head, my hands felt his balls tightening and releasing with each spurt released over my face. I motioned to my new sex partners to bring their cocks over to my mouth. Released from all inhibitions, I cleaned each cock with gusto with my tongue and mouth. 

My mind was raging with excitement and bliss as I licked, caressed and cleaned the cocks straddling my face. I've discovered new ways to express my sexual needs. Like a freed caged animal, I was now eager to explore more and experience even more.