 The drive from my Home to my Favourite meeting place was only a short 10 minutes, but, in that 10 minutes my cock was hard and aching for another man's touch.

I slowly pulled in to the parking area so I could have a look around before parking near to the small Public Toilet building. There were only 2 other cars parked up, one was close to the toilets the other was further towards the rear of the parking area.

I sat in my car for a couple of minutes, just watching and waiting, my hand was gently and slowly stroking my cock through my jeans, my hand strayed up to my nipple and gave it a pinch through the material of my shirt... A jolt shot its way through my body and found its way to my cock, I felt my arse raise off the car seat as I pushed my cock harder against the palm of my hand, I knew it was time to exit the car and to enter that toilet building, time to see if I could find some hot, hard, sex in there today.

I exited the car and walked the short distance to the toilet building, I knew that if anyone was to look they could see the bulge straining against the material of my jeans, but, I was so horny I didn't really care, in fact, I was hoping that someone would notice, that turned me on thinking about it. 

I opened the door and stepped in, there was another door in front of that,( I knew that as soon as I opened that door I would either be greeted with either guys like me that wanted to have sex or it would be empty and I would have to wank myself until I came or until someone else turned up and did it for me.) As I opened that second door I was greeted with a sight that really excited me and got my cock jumping for joy, as I opened the second door, I caught a glimpse of 2 men hurriedly separating themselves at the urinal and trying to look like they hadn't been caught playing with each other.

I smiled to myself and walked towards them both, I walked passed them both and went towards the back wall, as I walked past them both I could see that they were both stood there quite rigid, not their cocks but their bodies, they were obviously a little nervous but also a lot horny. As I reached the back wall I turned and faced forward, from this view I could see the backs of the guys, I could also see their left hand side.

I looked them both over, the guy furthest from me turned and glanced my way, I flashed him a small smile, he then turned and looked at the guy next to him. They exchanged glances with each other than both glanced at me before returning to their original pose.

I knew it was time for me to make my move, while they were both facing in front of themselves, I let my hand stray down to my cock, I started to grip it through my jeans, giving it a good squeeze, the guy closest to me turned his head towards my direction, I slid the palm of my hand along the length of my bulge, I locked my eyes on him while I stroked my bulging cock and I let out a small whisper of a moan. By now both of them were looking at me, I was aching to take my cock out of the jeans that kept it restrained, but, I was also enjoying watching both of them as I teased my own cock and teased theirs too.

The guy furthest from me turned so that he was now facing the guy that he had originally obviously been playing with before I walked in, as he did so I could see his cock, it was a good size and handsome as well, it was well formed and still had its foreskin. I do like a good looking cock, I also like running my tongue inside their foreskin when I'm taking their hard cock in my wet, hungry mouth hmmmmm. His hand was slowly stroking his hard cock, the guy next to him quickly aware that things had changed turned so that I could also see his cock, WOW was a magnificent beast that was to behold, at least 8 inches long and thick, it was a olive colour and the head on it was a wonderful reddy/purple, my mouth almost went dry just thinking about having that cock in it.

Both guys were now stroking their own cocks, but for me that would not do, if I had wanted to stroke my own cock I would have stayed at home, and I am sure that it was the same for there 2 also. I stepped towards them both, as I got so I was stood in front of them both, I smiled at them both and said hello, they both smiled at me in return, I leaned in and kissed the first guy, gingerly at first, but then as we settled in to it it became harder and more tongues I broke the kiss off and then did the same with the second guy. The first guy leaned in and started to kiss my neck. I broke off the kissing and put my hands on their cocks, I started to play with their hard, hot cocks. The difference in feel and texture still takes me back, how can two cocks that feel so different still be so fabulous (it always amazes me that).

As I stroked their cocks they both leaned in and started to kiss my neck, and run their hands over my body, kissing each other as we went. I was ok that I was having their tongues in my mouth, tasting their moist lips, but I knew what I really wanted was their big hard cocks, both of them inside me, tasting their hard hot flesh as I fucked their cocks with my eager mouth.

Slowly I eased myself down till my face was looking straight at both of their cocks, my hands still on them, I raised them both so that they were both flat against their bellies, I then ran my tongue along the length of the first cock, I felt it twitch and stiffen a little more as I did so, then I turned and did the same to the bigger of the 2 cocks, the eagerness to take this cock inside me was overwhelming but I was going to make myself wait for it. I licked their cocks some more before taking the head of the first one I to my mouth, it tasted great, the hot soft head was responding to the touch of my tongue as it licked and probed around it, the tip of my tongue licking his small hole and tasting him clearly had both of us hot. I was now on my knees, one hard cock in my mouth the other hard cock was being stroked by my other hand. 

This was how I liked it, I could see the glistening of my saliva along the shaft of his cock as I took him in and out of my mouth, the 2 guys leaned in to each other and started to kiss passionately, they were moaning loudly in to each other's mouths as the fucked my mouth and hand. I decided that now was the time to take the other cock in to my mouth, I knew that this would stretch my lips and throat and I couldn't wait any longer. 

I slid my mouth off the cock that it was sucking and turned my attention to the second cock, what a beautiful cock it was too, I flicked my tongue against the big bulbous head of this magnificent beast of a cock, my hand steadying it so that I could get the full pleasure of all of it. As I licked it, his cock bobbed and jolted, I had obviously made it happy, I looked up at him and locked eyes with both of them and then I started to take his cock in to my mouth, I made sure I had plenty of saliva to lay down on it, I wanted this cock as wet as possible, I needed it so I could let as much of it in to me as possible. With my hand wrapped around the base of his cock I started to really go to work on his cock, I wanted to take it in as deep as I could, I knew if I took my time and got it wet enough I could probably take the full length of it, but it wasn't going to be easy. I sucked and licked this beauty with all my viguour and desire I could muster, I was so horny that I was sure that my own cock that was still trapped inside my jeans would be leaking cum and it so wanted to be released, but, I was so sexually pumped on these guys and their cocks it didn't matter. I started to alternate between both of their cocks even where I was taking one in to my mouth, releasing it and taking the other in. 

I don't know how long this had been going on for, but, it felt like a good while, sucking on their cocks whilst pumping them with my hand also. The first guy started to thrust and moan as I took his cock back in to my mouth for the umpteenth time and I knew that he was ready to cum soon, so I kept him in my mouth and took his cock right down inside me, his cock thrusting in my mouth and his hands on my head, I felt him stiffen in me as he let out a soft cry and the first burst of cum exploded in my mouth, the warm liquid filling my mouth, I held his tight firm balls in my hand as wave after wave of cum oozed out of him and in to me, when he had finished he slid his cock from my mouth, I had let some of the cum ooze from my lips, there were slithers of cum running down my chin, some of it I swallowed as I love the taste of cum, but, I liked the slutty look of fresh cum on my face. 

He then turned my head towards the second guys cock, the big beautiful cock, I took some of the cum off my chin with my hand and wiped it on his cock, I then started to devour his beast, slurping and sucking at it like a demented cock slut, I licked, sucked and pumped that cock until he too exploded in me, the force of his orgasm filled my mouth so quickly and with so much cum that the pressure of it pushed some of it past my lips, I had cum running down my throat and down my face. I swallowed all the cum I could from him, i kept sucking at his cock until he couldn't take it any longer and had to pull it from my mouth, I looked up at them both as I took the cum from around my mouth and chin on to my fingers and licked it all off. 

I stood and expected them both to go on their merry ways, but, these guys had other ideas. They both said that they wanted to thanks me for a fantastic time. However, that is a story for another time.

If your cocks are hard from reading this, send them to me, I'll suck them dry YUM.