 Mr. Brooks looked on intently, completely lost in these young boys and their heavenly bodies. He hadn't been this turned on in years, watching these two lithe teenagers fondle and tease each other in front of him. The older brother Alex now played with his younger brother Chad's g-string.

"What do you think, Mr. B? Should I untie it?" asked Alex, as his brother giggled provocatively, putting his index finger in his mouth.

"Yes, I think you should Alex," the elder man replied, his voice quivering in anticipation. With that, Alex untied the knot on his brother's waist, letting the two straps fall downward, exposing the sexy tan line Chad had gotten. He turned his back to Mr. Brooks, his half-untied swimsuit now covering basically only one ass cheek.

"Like my butt, Mr. B?" Chad flirtatiously wiggled his sexy round ass at Mr. Brooks, quickly untying his other strap. Hands on his knees, he bobbed it up and down right in the old man's face.

"It's great Chad! Very sexy!" Mr. Brooks felt so dirty, doing this with his young neighbors, boys he'd known since they were in diapers. But it was all just too hot to resist.

Chad turned around and let his swimsuit fall to the ground, his hard cock flapping around in all it's glory as he stood totally nude in front of Mr. Brooks. Chad put his hands on his hips, loving the feeling of showing off his hairless, ripped body to an older man. Mr. Brooks had been rubbing his own aching cock through his khaki pants, and now let out a moan to see the teenager's manhood before him.

A speedo-shaped tan line surrounded Chad's 7.5-inch cut dick and accentuated his incredible ass. There was no denying the blonde 18-year-old was seriously model material and only getting hotter.

His brother was every bit as hot, with an 8.5" cock that was also cut and shaved smooth with a pair of deep blue eyes and head full of brown hair. He was also every bit the exhibitionist.

"Hey, no fair! I wanna be naked too," cried Alex, who ran over and bent down, stripping out of his neon green bikini. He stood naked together with his brother, both boys running their hands all over their smooth, toned bodies, repeating their dirty dancing routine from earlier.

"Oh fuck," said Mr. Brooks, suddenly breathing much faster, "I can't take this! You boys are so goddamned sexy!"

"Mmm, we love showing our sexy bodies to you, Mr. Brooks," cooed Chad.

"You like watching us play with each other, don't you?" asked Alex.

"I do, I wanna see you both kiss again!" Mr. Brooks exclaimed.

Chad and Alex happily French-kissed one another, grabbing each other by the butt and pulling close. Their cocks ground against one another in between their six packs as their bodies pressed tightly to one another.

"Oh my god..." sighed Mr. Brooks, as he unzipped his pants and began rubbing his dick now only through his underwear. The two boys now began jerking each other's dicks, at times "kissing" the heads of their dicks together. Having lived their whole lives together, they knew just how to turn each other on and press each other's buttons. Their chemistry was impeccable.

"Damn bro, your cock is looking hot today," said Alex, "want me to suck it?"

"Fuck yeah, man, do it!" Chad moaned in reply.

Alex grabbed his brother's dick and began flicking his tongue out over the bulging head, then licking up and down the shaft. He cradled his brother's fat balls in his hand, lightly squeezing them as he began to take his big cock down his throat.

"Oh yes, Alex! That's right, you suck your brother's dick!" commanded Mr. Brooks. Alex began bobbing up and down, then briefly took his head off his brother's cock to suck on his balls.

"Chad, why don't you lay on the ground so you and Alex can 69?" suggested Mr. Brooks.

"Mmm, good idea, Mr. B, " said Chad as he lay down and took his brother's massive cock in hand and began to suck on it. Moaning and sucking away, the two boys lay on the ground at Mr. Brooks feet, who now took his cock completely out of his pants and began jacking it to the sight of the hot youngsters.

"Oh fuck, this is so hot...you two are so fucking hot!" the old man groaned.

Alex briefly took Chad's cock out of his mouth. "We love looking hot and being naughty for you, Mr. B. We'll have to do this more often! Don't you like watching us being little gay sluts with each other?"

"Oh god yes, I do, Alex," Mr. Brooks was now masturbating furiously. Alex slapped his brother's dick head at his face couple of times, then resumed sucking it.

Chad suddenly broke away, and moved up face to face with Alex. They kissed again deeply. "You know what I want," Chad said to his brother, turning away and getting on all fours.

Pointing his bubble butt upward, he turned back and licked his lips, looking at Mr. Brooks. Alex leaned down and spread his brother's ass cheeks apart, getting a look at his tight hole. He gently licked at it, clean and hairless, sliding his tongue in and out of the tight space.

"Yeah Alex," Mr. Brooks encouraged him, "eat that sweet ass!"

Alex licked it all over, making it nice and wet. Chad moaned with delight, loving his brother's tongue inside his ass but really desiring his cock. His wish was shortly granted as Alex began rubbing his cock head against the tight hole.

"Fuck him! Fuck your brother's ass Alex!" grunted Mr. Brooks.

"Oh fuck yeah..." said Alex as he entered his brother's butt.

"Ughh!" groaned Chad, feeling momentary pain but then immediate pleasure, his brother's huge cock rubbing against his prostate. Alex began slowly going in and out, in and out, gradually picking up the pace.

"Oh yeah, it feels so good, I love fucking you bro," he managed, between heavy thrusting breaths.

"Mmmm oh yeah, bro, fuck me harder baby!" screamed Chad.

Alex obliged, his balls now slapping against his brother's taint. He spanked his brother's ass as he began to fuck him harder and harder. Chad pushed his butt back to meet his brother's cock, loving every inch deep inside of him. Alex began quivering, closing in on his climax.

"Oh shit, I'm gonna cum, bro!" he shouted.

"You know where I want it," said Chad.

Alex pulled out and blew his load all over his brother's sexy ass. It was thick and full, being a young fit man he was able to cum quite a lot. Mr. Brooks loved the site of the sticky goo all over Chad's rump.

"Oh my god, that looks so good!" he praised the boys.

"We're not through yet! My turn..." said Chad, looking at his brother slyly.

Alex, slowly regaining his post-orgasm composure, smiled and lay down on his back, spread his legs. Chad knelt down and began eating his brother's ass, much the same way Alex did to him, preparing his butthole for penetration. He hovered over top of him, probing at his ass with his cock.

"I'm ready it for babe," sighed Alex, eager to get fucked.

Chad reached around to his own ass, still covered in Alex's hot cum. He rubbed it into his butt cheeks a little bit, then onto his cock, lubing it up for his brother's ass. Then he slowly pressed in, Alex's ass every bit as tight and hot as his own.

Thrusting in and out, he leaned his body down and kissed his brother again, making out with him as he rammed his dick into and out of his hot ass. Both of their moans of pleasure were muffled as they licked and sucked at each other's tongues and lips. Chad's balls now slapped against the edge of Alex's butt cheeks.

Alex broke away from the kiss, "I want to ride you bro!"

Chad nodded, and lay down on his back, his hard cock standing straight up in the air. Mr. Brooks looked on excitedly. Alex straddled his brother and squatted down right onto his cock. Taking it all in gradually, he began bouncing up and down on it, jerking his own dick which was once again hard. "OH YEAH!! OH DAMN THAT FEELS GREAT!" Alex screamed in ecstasy.

Chad wasn't far away. "OH YEAH BRO, RIDE THAT COCK!!! OH FUCK!!" Mr. Brooks also was enjoying the view, feeling very close to cumming himself. Alex bounced up and down a bit more, until Chad announced he was going to cum. Alex got off of him, and Chad stood up and jizzed all over his brother's ass just like Alex had done to him.

"Mmm, that feels hot, Chad," said Alex, rubbing in his brother's spunk.

"OH GOD BOYS, I CAN'T HOLD IT IN ANYMORE, HERE I COME!!!" screamed Mr. Brooks all of a sudden. Alex and Chad scurried over and got on their knees in front of him, as he unloaded a huge amount of jizz all over their faces, chests, and abs, some running down to their cocks.

"OH FUCK!! OH FUCK YEAH!! Oh my god...that felt...so good..." Mr. Brooks came down from his intense orgasm, and the reality began to dawn on him. Not only did his two young neighbors know he liked boys, but he had just jacked off on them!! He quickly became flustered.

"Well, uh...thank you for that...I should really go back home now boys..." he began zipping up his pants.

Alex and Chad were embracing each other, letting all the cum on their bodies mix together, softly kissing one another. "OK then, Mr. B.," said Alex, "but thanks for coming by!"

"Sure Alex, no problem, but uh...what do you say we just keep this between us?"

"Sure thing!" said Chad, "it can be our little secret."

"Don't worry Mr. B, we won't tell!" added Alex.

"Thanks guys...maybe we could do this again some time? I might have some friends you would like..."

"Sure, sounds great! You know where to find us." said Chad, intrigued at this idea.

Mr. Brooks waved good-bye, and the two brothers giggled with each other. "Some afternoon, huh?" said Chad.

"No kidding," said Alex, "but what do we do till mom gets home?"

Chad and Alex immediately began kissing, letting their hands wander....