 Alex woke up to the sound of his mom's car pulling out of the driveway. "Yes!" he thought. He'd been looking forward to this day ever since his mom told him she'd be going out of town for the weekend, leaving him and his younger brother Chad all alone at home.

Rubbing his eyes, Alex staggered to the bathroom to wake up and start his morning routine. He took a moment to admire his smooth, chiseled 19-year old body in the mirror, having only slept in his jockey shorts. Alex's light brown hair and deep blue eyes really accentuated his olive tan and swimmer's physique. He brushed his teeth and began washing his face, when Chad came in behind him.

"Hey bro," said the 18-year-old, every bit the stud as his older brother, only with blond hair instead. Chad and Alex had been very close growing up, keeping each other company while their single mother worked long hours. They knew each other better than anyone and had experimented sexually many times throughout their lives. They were best friends but still competitive, always trying to outdo each other in the swimming pool or at the weight room. Chad couldn't resist but give his big brother a playful swat on the butt.

"Hey!" Alex said, retaliating by squezzing at the crotch area of Chad's boxers. "Too early for that, ha ha."

"Yeah, we got all day now that mom is gone. What have you got planned?"

"After breakfast, I was gonna work out and then work on my tan out by the pool. Wanna come along little bro?"

"Sure!" exclaimed Chad in mock surprise.

"How'd I know you'd say that?" Alex winked at his brother.

After a quick breakfast, the two boys went into the garage to exercise. Over the years, they had accumulated a decent amount of mats and free weights. They both went through a brief yoga and plyometrics routine, both discretely observing one another's bodies, getting aroused. Both brothers teased each other about feeling a boner as they spotted them during squats.

Having worked up a decent sweat, Alex brought a stop to the workout. "I think it's time for the pool, don't you?" he asked Chad.

"Absolutely, I need to go change," replied his brother.

They both went back to their separate rooms. Alex stripped down and rifled through his drawers, finally settling on his neon green g-string. "Love the way this makes my ass look, and I know Chad does too," he thought.

He got to the pool to find Chad had beaten him there. "'Bout time!" shouted the younger brother, wearing a tangarine bikini that tied on the sides of his toned hips. At the site of his brother, his 7.5" circumsised cock started to bulge against the fabric of his swimsuit. Just an inch shorter than his brother, it was throbbing just thinking about being in Alex's mouth.

Alex smiled back and admired his brother's hot body for a moment, then turning around, he jutted his ass out towards Chad. "Think those squats and lunges are paying off?" he coyly asked.

"Yeah man," Chad replied, "your butt looks really hot! It's definitely nicer than mine."

"I don't know about that, you've got a great ass! And you know it too, you're just fishing for compliments!" Alex retorted.

"Ha ha, what can I say?" There was no denying it; Chad's ass was the perfect bubble. He tied up his tangerine bikini extra tight so that it was mostly lost in his crack, exposing his sexy ass cheeks. "Well anyway, time to work on our tans! It's a gorgeous day."

"No doubt, bro." There wasn't a cloud in the sky and the two brothers relished these rare opportunities; total privacy to work on their tans without worrying about their mom coming home!

Suddenly, they heard a glass door slide shut. They both looked up confused, only to see their neighbor Mr. Brooks in the next yard over coming out onto his deck.

"Oh, hey there boys!" he called over.

"Uh...hey Mr. Brooks!" they both replied, afraid he might tell their mother about their skimpy outfits. Alex and Chad exchanged worried glances, but they both knew it was too late now, so they should just play it cool.

"Beautiful day out, huh?" the old man asked.

"Sure is!" said Alex.

"Just working on your tans, are you?"

"Uh, yeah...we both have the day off so we figured we would just relax by the pool!" Chad replied. He noticed Mr. Brooks seem to be looking at both of them rather intently.

"Looks like all that time working out is paying off for you boys..." There was no denying the smile on Mr. Brooks' face now.

"Oh, thanks Mr. Brooks..." Alex was a little intrigued now. He had never thought Mr. Brooks was into guys! But he couldn't deny how much he liked the feeling of the older man's eyes all over his young body. He could tell his brother was enjoying it too!

"In fact, I think I'm gonna work out a little more!" Chad said with a wry smile. With that, he got up and began doing push-ups beside the pool. Alex smiled, watching his brother's sexy body strain, muscles tensing in the sunshine.

"Allright Chad! Great job..." said Mr. Brooks. Alex couldn't be sure, but he thought Mr. Brooks hand had disappeared below the railing of the deck, down near his crotch. The fabric on Chad's suit was tightly sucked into his body, leaving virtually nothing to the imagination.

"Oh I think that's challenge!" exclaimed Alex. He began doing pushups too. Eventually, Alex and Chad did an entire squat-thrust competition right in front of Mr. Brooks, who applauded their efforts. Sweaty and breathing heavy, they both called a truce. 

"OK, I don't think either of us will beat the other today, ha ha," laughed Alex.

"You boys sure know how to put on a show!" Mr. Brooks told them. 

"Mr. Brooks, would you like to come over? It's seems silly to have a conversation in different yards!" offered Chad.

Hesitantly, Mr. Brooks agreed. "OK boys, sure!"

He walked out his gate and up to the boys' yard. They teasingly refused to unlock it at first, but eventually let their old neighbor in. A retired investment banker, Mr. Brooks was in his mid-60's but looked much younger, still with a full head of jet black hair and a decent body. He wore a polo shirt, khaki pants, boating shoes, and a Rolex, in stark contrast from the two young boys clad only in lycra swim suits.

"Have a seat, Mr. Brooks," Alex graciously offered. "Anything to drink?"

"No thank you, Alex," he replied, "I'm just fine."

"Well, I'm plenty thirsty! That work out really got to me," said Chad, before opening up a bottled water, drinking from it and pouring it over his head. The water ran down his face and went in trails between his pecs, down his washboard abs. Alex shortly followed suit, doing the same thing in front of Mr. Brooks, both boys obviously teasing the older man with their young athletic bodies. "Like what you see Mr. B?"

"I sure do, Alex," he admitted, "you and your brother are both very handsome young men."

"Would you like it if we danced for you?" asked Chad, starting to gyrate his hips a bit.

"Yes...yes, I would."

Alex got a boombox out from the kitchen, found some techno music on the radio. Both brothers began gyrating their hips and caressing their bodies to the thumping beat. Mr. Brooks' now full erection was bulging through his pants. He mindlessly began rubbing it lightly.

Moving closer together, Alex and Chad began rubbing one another's bodies. Clearly aroused, their dance became more and more vulgar. They both ground their supple asses against one another, then took turn dry humping each other, moaning seductively.

"Oh boys...you're making me so horny..." sighed Mr. Brooks, now openly rubbing his hard dick through his pants.

Alex and Chad smiled, as their own raging boners now strained against the fronts of their swimsuits. Still gyrating their hips, they embraced and kissed each other deeply, opening their eyes to give Mr. Brooks a sly glare.

Alex slowly began untying Chad's g-string.

Let me know if you like, I will write a part 2!!