 Lightning breached the darkness of the sultry evening revealing a threatening night sky. The immediacy and intensity of the inevitable crack of thunder indicated that the forecasted torrential rains would be soon to arrive as I sat in my small station wagon waiting the night's suitor. The arrangements had been made earlier that day on an Internet chat room with an anonymous man. The anticipation that I had reveled in all day was quickly waning. He was late - twenty minutes late to be precise – and the impending storm deflated my hopes that he was going to show up. There I sat, with increasingly heavy rain pelting the roof of my wagon as I sat at some deserted park in a town near to where I live.

The park was reputed to be a bit of a hang out for those who where cruising the town for some man action but on a Wednesday, with an storm of seemingly apocalyptic proportions looming ominously on the western horizon, my hopes of meeting anyone else were slim to none. I looked at my watch and decided that I would call the night a bust in fifteen minutes. Disappointment set in and I prayed for the appearance of headlights in my rear-view. 

And there they were! My heart leapt before I could check it with the reality that this could easily be some adventurous feminine young bottom boy rather than the masculine, more experienced top that I needed to fill my most urgent fantasy and my deepest darkest void. The car pulled around the parking lot and I could just make out a medium built man before he shot back out into the dimly light street and was gone. It was not my Internet suitor but my hopes had risen none-the-less. Any decent top could fulfill my need after all. My heart rated declining, I was about to check the time again when the lights returned. It was the same car and this time he pulled into a parking spot not more than 10 yards away. My heart was now skipping along at a rate approaching fatality. The man peered at me through the sheets of falling rain and I waved at him feebly. A week gesture that revealed my quaking heart and jittering nerves, but it was enough. He exited his vehicle with a single movement that exuded confidence. He strutted, heedless of the tempest, to my window as I fumbled to open it. 

"So, what is it you are looking for tonight?" he asked in a deep voice.

He was about my height of 5'11" but had a heavier build that appeared to have once been of body-builders musculature but has now gone slightly to seed. He had dark hair and deep brown piercing eyes. "I'm a bottom…into oral and anal," I stammered softly. He chuckled at my discomfiture.

"Well, I think I might just be able to help you but you should know that my roommate may want to join in," he stated dramatically. He looked at me as if I was a fine cut of tenderloin or a greyhound at the local dog track.

My heart lurched in my chest and my vision seemed to become obscured by a haze that did not emulate from the raging storm but rather from the adrenaline coursing through my veins. I could only nod stupidly in response. He bade me to follow him to his place.

He did not live far from the park but in my anticipation it seemed to take eons to arrive. He led me into his duplex by my shoulders as if I was an erring child. He left me standing at the foot of the stairs like some servant as he went up to inform his roommate of the night's prize. In a matter of seconds he beckoned me up and into his bedroom. 

His roommate was taller, younger and thinner but still my elder by at least five years. He smiled grimly as I entered trembling so severely that I had to concentrate on keeping my knees from buckling.

My finder, who was standing by the bedroom door came up behind me suddenly and wrapped his arms around my waist, kissing my neck. The roommate laughed as a jolt shot through my body. Before I knew it my shirt was off and my jeans were unbuttoned and sliding down my smooth, slender, white thighs. He then hooked his thumbs in the waistband of my briefs and I felt his hairy chest slide down my back as he slid them down to join my pants around my ankles. I stepped out of them in what I hoped was a graceful movement.

I could now feel his hot breath against the crack of my ass and I jumped when he bit one of my buttocks lightly. I stayed immobile as I listened to him disrobe behind me and the next sensation I remember was his erect cock sliding softly through the cleft between my smooth butt cheeks at the bottom of my sexy crack. He wrapped his arms around me from behind as his member glided to and fro beneath my ass and along the skin under my balls. My mind reeled with delicious anticipation of his next move. His roommate starred at us while stroking the bulge in his sweatpants as if we where is own private porno movie.

The older man released me suddenly and walked around to sit on the edge of his bed beckoning to me with his fingers. Standing at about 7 inches long and of medium thickness with veins throbbing along its length, his cock was a true work of art. I approached him and dropped to my knees. His scent was intoxicating as I drew his manhood into my watering mouth. He sighed loudly and said, "Work that cock with your hot little mouth." I heard the roommate unzip his fly. 

Work his cock I did! I was in total erotic bliss as I swished the tip of his erection with the tip of my tongue while his roommate vigorously jacked off not 5 feet away. Soon, however things were going to get much better. 

He pushed my mouth off his cock and left the room. As if this were his cue, the roommate took his place and placed his longer but thinner cock into my mouth without so much as a word. I was working on his long shaft with such a single-minded purpose that I did not here the older man re-enter the room. Suddenly I felt something cool Drizzle down the crack of my ass as I bent over to service his roommate with my mouth. I turned to see him stroking lubrication onto his now condom-clad missile. He signaled for me to continue my ministrations on his friend as he stepped up behind me and slid the tip of his cock along the crack of my round smooth ass. When I felt the pressure build against my puckered rosebud I forced myself to relax.

Pain seared through my rectum and into my abdomen as his girth stretched me to the fullest extent. Struggling to remain relaxed, I let the cock in my mouth drop out as I mouthed wordlessly, lost in the deliciously decadent feeling of violation in my most intimate orifice. He slid slowly and smoothly past my tight sphincter and into my quivering rectum from behind as I kneeled on the edge of the bed bent over his erect roommate. The pain that was at first sharp gradually dulled to a pulsing pressure that seemed to throb in time with my heartbeat. Soon pain gave way to a tingling sensation as my hot lubricated rectum relented its resistance to my lover's invasion. He withdrew completely and then took me again in one slow even stroke sending waves of pleasure through my abdomen. Again and again he ravished my insides until I started hearing the slurping and sloshing sounds that indicate total surrender. My ass was his and he used it for his pleasure his throbbing phallus sawing in and out of my defeated hole, his large balls slapping against the back of my thighs. I moaned softly in pleasure as I gripped the bedspread. The roommate, seeing that I was too immersed in ecstasy to service him any longer, squirmed out from under me and ran for another condom. 

The stiff shaft of this rutting stud was now pummeling my ass as he gripped my waist for better leverage. I felt like one of the sluttish women on some cut-rate porno as he slammed me from behind so hard I had to push back into him in order to keep from falling over forward. After what seemed like ages of steady fucking he slowed his pace. I felt his shaft twitch inside me as his body stiffened. With a triumphant groan he came with his engorged cock throbbing inside my rectum. He then withdrew. 

The emptiness that I felt was temporary as his roommate stepped behind me and re-filled my hot gaping hole with his long cock in one easy motion. There was no pain but only a new feeling as his longer cock hit my prostrate. My whole body tingled and I rocked into his thrusts with sweaty abandon as he slammed my sleazy ass without regard. Like his roommate, he, too, used my sweet young body to its fullest and then came with a soft sigh of relief. 

After I dressed I was shown to the door like a whore who had outstayed her welcome. I drove home through the diminishing rain with lubrication dripping down my legs and the masculine scent of pre-ejaculate lingering on my face. I was aglow with satisfaction. When I reached my home I jacked off urgently as the scenes of the night's debauchery danced in my mind. I had gotten two cocks inside of me after the anticipation of only one.