 My heart was pounding as I dialed the number to Don's house. Liz had taken the kids to her sister's for the weekend; I was home alone and figured it was now or never. 

"Hello?" Susan answered the phone.

"Hi Sue, Mike here. Is Don home?"

"Hi Don. Sure, just a minute. Oh, buy the way, I know Liz took the kids to her sister's for the weekend, so I you want to come over for dinner tonight, we'd love to have you."

"Thanks, that would be great."

"Here's Don."

"Hey Michael, O buddy, what's up?

"I was getting ready to watch some college ball this afternoon and wondered if you'd like to come over and join me, suck down a few cold ones while we're at it." My heart was pounding; I was sure he could detect my nervousness in my voice; but, if he did, he didn't let on.

"Just a minute; let me check with Sue." After what seemed like an eternity he came back to the phone. "I'll be right over. Can I bring anything?"

"Nope, just come as you are; the game starts in about 10 minutes.

"Okay, I'll see you in a few."

I hung up the phone and took a deep breath. My hands were sweaty and my heart was pumping. For years I'd fantasized about sucking a cock. I'd read many erotic stories about it; seen more than a few video clips with guys doing each other and I convinced myself that I ought to try it at least once. The thought both excited me and terrified me. Not wanting to catch any STD's that might be floating around out there, I made up my mind to ask Don if he'd let me suck his. It was a risk. He was a good friend. I trusted him with my life. I hoped could trust him with my secret.

The Doorbell rang just as the game got underway. I opened the door and Don greeted me with a manly hug, slapping me on the back as he pushed his way into the house. He had brought over a bag of snacks and laid them out on the coffee table as he took a seat on the couch, eyes glued to the game. "Where's that cold one you promised me?"

I went into the kitchen and returned with two beers, handed him one, and took my seat next to him on the couch; the "game was underway."

We made small talk as the game progressed. Several times I thought of backing out, but after a couple of beers, I decided it was now or never. I took one long swig of beer and turned toward Don, "Don, I've got a favor to ask you."

He glanced my way and responded, "Sure, buddy, anything."

"If you say no, I will completely understand."

He looked at me quizzically, "What do you need, Mike?"

"Before I tell you, I need you to promise me that if you say, 'no,' we never speak of it again. But I don't want you to say anything until I fully explain the situation to you."

He put his beer down and turned toward me, a concerned look on his face. "Are you in trouble, Mike?"

"Maybe," I said. My hands were shaking and my heart was pounding. 

Don put his hand on my arm and calmly said, "Look Mike, anything you need, I'm your man." He thought pensively for a moment and added, "You don't want me to kill someone do you?"

I laughed, 'No, but you might want to kill me after you hear."

"Out with it my friend, the suspense is killing me!"

"Okay, but remember, no response until I finish explaining." I paused a bit, took another swig of beer, (my throat had become very dry for some reason) and began. I looked at him and said, "Don, I want to suck your dick."

His eyes got big as he looked at me with disbelief.

I looked down at the floor and began, "Let me finish before you respond. You know I love Liz and the kids and would never do anything to hurt them. Several years ago, Liz and I were watching a porn DVD of swingers. At one point a guy leaned over and took another guy's dick in his mouth. I was shocked initially, but it stuck in my brain and I kept turning it over and over. I began looking for bi DVD's to rent, reading bi stories and fantasizing about it. There is no way I want to do it with some stranger and risk catching something. I couldn't live with myself. So, I began to think about friends and you are the only one I could trust enough to ask. You wouldn't have to do anything except sit there, but I need to try this once and get it out of my head. If you say, 'no,' I will completely understand and hope it ends here."

He looked at me with a quizzical smirk and said, "What if I don't want to just sit there?"

"What?"

He set his beer down and looked at me, 'What if I don't want to just sit there? What if I want to play too?"

"What are you saying?"

"First, I am honored that you would trust me with such a request. Frankly, I don't think I could have done what you just did. Second, I'd be lying to you if I told you that I had not had similar thoughts over the years. I've always heard that guys give better blow jobs than women, and I'd love to see if that's true. Third, there is no one I'd rather experiment with than you. So, if you're game, I am. What do we do next?"

I knelt between his legs and started to unbutton his pants, The zipper came down and he lifted his hips to allow me to pull his pants off. His dick was already getting hard, tenting his boxers. I slipped my hands up is thighs until my hands came together around the base of his cock.

He inhaled quickly and tossed his head back as my hands made contact with his balls. I could see his expanding shaft through the opening of the boxers as I played with his balls for a few minutes, feeling them, rolling them in my hands, feeling the hair on his pubic bone.

I moved one hand up and wrapped my fingers around his shaft, squeezing lightly while positioning it to stick out the fly of his boxers. I continued to play with his balls while gently stroking his dick until I saw a clear drip of pre-cum emerge from the tip of his cock. I lowered my mouth to the tip and sucked off the drip as I squeezed his cock hoping for more. He did not disappoint me.

I began lightly flicking my tongue just underneath the head of his cock. That was the most sensitive spot on my cock so I assumed it was for him too. His response told me I was correct.

I opened my mouth and positioned his dick so I could take just the head of his dick into my awaiting mouth. As the crown of his cock head passed my lips, I closed my mouth and sucked just the tip. My tongue explored every inch of his head as my hands continued to work his balls and shaft. I paused just long enough to peel his boxers off and I went back to work.

Starting at the base of his balls, I look long, slow licks with the flat of my tongue up the center vein of his shaft. His body shivered with each lick. Then I repeated the action on the left side of the shaft and then the right side before returning to the center. Don's moans and the flood of pre-cum told me he was enjoying this as much as I was.

Next, I decided to see how much of his cock I could take into my mouth. I lowered my mouth onto his dick, sucking is cock into my mouth. I let my tongue work against the vein as I descended. When I had taken as much as I could, I saw there were still a couple of inches left. His pubic hair was just about at my nose. I took a deep breath through my nose, opened my throat as much as I could and plunged down until my nose was pressed against his pubic bone. I gagged a bit, but was able to control the reflex long enough to feel his dick fill up my mouth and throat. I pulled of more quickly than I had wanted but was ready to try it again.

Once again, I took him deep into my mouth, slowly moving toward the goal of pressing my nose up against his pubic bone. This time it went much smoother as I took the length of his cock without gagging. I was so focused on what I was trying to do that I didn't realize how close he was to cumming. This final push took him over the edge. I felt his cock swell up even more in my mouth and then start convulsing as he shot stream after stream of cum down my throat. 

Shocked, I pulled off taking the last few spurts in the face as he panted and relaxed on the couch. I wiped my face with my hand and licked the cum off my fingers as Don looked down at me with a smile on his face. "Dude, that was the most incredible blow job I have ever had in my life! Man, it felt like you had been doing this for years!"

I smiled at the affirmation as I leaned back on my hands, not knowing what would happen next. After a few more moments of recovery, Don took control. "Okay, buddy, your turn." He stood up and reached down a hand and pulled me to my feet. He went for my belt and soon was lowering my pants and underwear with one swift motion. Next, he pulled my shirt over my head until I was buck naked before him. He reached out and grabbed my dick and stroked it a few times and then told me to sit down on the couch. As I obeyed, he knelt between my legs and said, "I'm not sure I'll be able to do as good a job on you as you did on me, but here goes nothing."

With that he began licking and sucking my dick like it was a lollipop. I gripped the cushions of the couch with my hands to steady myself as the intense feelings of pleasure washed over my body. He spread my legs and licked my balls, my shaft and the head of my cock like a rat on a piece cheese. At one point, he lifted my legs, exposing my asshole. As he continued to lick and suck my cock, he began probing my ass with a finger. I thought I was going to cum right then. He sucked and licked and then, without warning, he went down on me, taking the full length of my cock deep into his mouth while plunging his finger into my asshole. The combination was more than I could handle and I came hard and fast, bucking his face and hand as my orgasm took me places I'd never gone before. He eagerly milked the cum out of my dick while fucking my ass with his finger. As my erection began to subside, he pulled off, wiped his mouth and asked, "How did I do?"

"Shit, man. Where did you learn to do that? I don't think I have ever cum so hard in my life!"

He smiled and said, "I only did to you what I thought I'd like done to me. So, what do you think? Who gives better blow jobs? Liz or me?"

"No comparison, man. You win hands down. How about for you? Sue or me?"

"I'll deny it if you ever quote me, but I'd take your mouth over Sue's any day of the week." We both laughed.

I looked at the television set; the game was about half over. Don's cock was starting to get hard again, so I said, "Looks like the game is only half over. Interested in an instant replay?"

"You got any of those "rented movies" you were talking about?"

I smiled, "As a matter of fact, I do." I walked to the closet and pulled out a stack of bisexual DVD's and handed them to Don. He selected on and I put it in. He pulled off his shirt and we both sat down on the couch next to each other buck naked. As we began to watch, I reached over and put my hand on Don's cock and started rubbing the shaft. We watched two couples go at it every which way they could. Soon, my dick was standing at attention and Don suggested we try a little 69 action. I quickly agreed and the next thing I knew, I was lying on the floor with a dick hanging over my face. As Don lowered himself onto my cock, I eagerly took his cock into my mouth. 

As I sucked, I reached between his legs and started probing with my finger, looking for his asshole. He spread his legs and soon was rewarded for his efforts as I wiggled my finger deep in his ass. He moaned as he sucked me and returned the favor. 

After a few seconds he stopped and looked at me, 'Mike, will you do me a favor?"

I smiled, "Of course, buddy, anything for you."

"Would you fuck me in the ass? Sue sticks a vibrator in there, but, honestly, I've always wondered what a real cock would feel like."

"With pleasure, my friend."

Don got off me and knelt on all fours. I knelt behind him and moved toward his ass. I spit on his ass and worked it around with the tip of my dick as he moaned with pleasure. Then I pressed the tip of my cock against his rosebud and started pushing. He relaxed his ass and the tip "popped" in and he groaned.

"Did I hurt you?"

"No, keep going."

I spread his ass cheeks and started burying my cock in his hole. He grimaced a bit, but pushed back on my cock until I was all the way in.

"Fuck me," he cried, "Fuck me hard."

I started pulling out and thrusting back as hard and as fast as I could. His tight ass gripped my cock each time I bottomed out. After a few thrusts, he cried out, "Shit, shit, I'm cumming."

Hearing him pushed me over the edge and I started cumming as well, filling his ass with my seed.

I pulled out as my dick began to shrink and he rolled over, evidence of his orgasm on the rug before him.

"Man o man," he said. That was fucking incredible. You got to try that, Mike. It was if my cock had a mind of its own and started cumming without me touching it!"

"Perhaps I shall, but what do you say we take a break, clean up this mess and take a shower together?"

"Sounds good to me." Don replied.

We cleaned up the spunk on the floor and wiped ourselves with the shirt I was wearing and headed to the shower. We decided to shower together and soon we were soaping each other down, making sure we were very clean, especially our cocks and ass. Of course, we got hard again. Don spun me around and was soaping my asshole when all of a sudden I felt something bigger than his finger at my back door. I grabbed my ass cheeks and spread them for him as he pressed his cock into my ass. The Soap gave him plenty of slick as he slipped right in. I pressed against the wall of the shower as Don pounded my ass. It hurt at first, but soon waves of pleasure took over as he fucked my ass. I felt him expand in my ass and then he started shooting another load in my ass. I didn't cum like he did, but when he finished, he asked me to jack off and shoot my load on him. I obliged and in no time, I was shooting cum on my best friend.

We finished cleaning up and putting our clothes on and the phone rang. It was Sue. She asked us to pick up a bottle of wine on the way home. I said we'd be glad to and we would. I looked at Don and said, "Thank you."

"Thank you," he replied. "Well, you fulfilled your fantasy. Does that mean you got it out of your system?"

I smiled, "I'm not sure; if you're willing, we may have to try this once more.

"For you, buddy, anything, anytime." He picked up the cover of the DVD playing and looked at the two couples on the cover. "Do you think we could ever convince our wives to join us?"

"That would be hot, but I'm not sure Liz would agree."

"Neither would Sue, but it's fun thinking about it. But, hey, you never know; this began with a thought in your head."

I replied, "You're right; you just never know."

*

(I hope you enjoyed this adventure. I'd welcome any thoughts or responses you might have. If there is enough interest, I will continue the story. Thanks for reading.)