 Author's Note: A while ago I released a story called Chris' Adventures in Love. Re-reading it, I noticed it needed polishing. I decided that, before releasing the other parts, I should redo the first one to make it more consistent, concise, and interesting. Here's hoping this one's better_

All characters, places, and events are purely fictional and created by the author. Any similarities in characters, places, or events are purely coincidental. This story may only be posted by the original author. Any redistribution to a third party without author's permission is not allowed.

© 2010, DaemonFire

***

Physics sucks, I thought to myself. It was Friday last period and karma decided to fuck with me once again and make Physics extra boring. The AP exam was in three weeks and all we did was review, test prep. Review, test prep. Pop quiz that we all failed, review, test prep. It was an endless cycle that never seemed to stop. I snapped out of my delusion to look around the room. Seven people were asleep. Three had left early for a track meet, or something. Lucky.

"Chris_" I suddenly sat at attention at my seat. My teacher had asked me to solve a problem. "Please explain to us the value of x in this particular problem." I studied it carefully. I sure as hell didn't know what it was, but it was worth the guess.

"Well, x is the horizontal vector for the equation, and using the projectile motion equation and substituting the already known answers for a, t, and v, we find x is...forty-eight." I said.

"Yes, that's true. Now, what if we used an energy equation to solve for x? Jamie? What do you think?" Good. Off my back. Let the smarter kids figure out the problem. As if I give a fuck. I snickered to myself as I went back to my observation. Two others had fallen asleep in the minute I was answering the problem, and one was fairly close. I say half. With five minutes left, the teacher called the class and passed out our last tests.

"This test was on thermodynamics, everyone. You all did fairly well on this one." The teacher began passing out the tests. Mostly everyone gave silent approvals for good grades, silent disappointment for bad ones. I figured I'd edge out a 75 or something. As he approached my desk, I saw his face turn sour. Shit. I failed.

"Good job, Chris. I wish all of your tests were this good." He handed it back to me.

"99?_ Seriously?_" I exclaimed.

"Yeah. The one problem you got wrong was a mere miscalculation. Great work_" I was ecstatic. AP Physics was my worst class but I got a 99 on a test. Unheard of. In my moment of celebration, I noticed Andrew sitting in a far corner of the room. Andrew was my stereotypical high school crush. He was absolutely gorgeous with a killer personality to boot. He was one of those guys that every girl wanted to fuck and every guy wished he was. But there was only one girl he cared about--until today.

Andrew and his girlfriend Stephanie had been together for a solid three years with only minor bumps at best in the relationship. Apparently she'd been cheating on him with an underclassman for a few months, and the rumors reached him this morning. Never have I seen a nastier confrontation. To spare the awful details, it ended with tears, a black eye, detentions, and possibly the most broken heart ever. I think the worst part was that prom was in a month; how would he get a date? Almost everybody in the senior and junior classes were already going with someone else. I would have offered if it weren't for the fact that I already was going with my friend.

The bell rang, signifying the weekend. Thank God that shitshow's over, I thought. I quickly made my way to Andrew before he left. I put my hand on his shoulder and said, "I know today's been the ultimate day from hell, but I hope that's not going to stop you from coming to my party tomorrow night."

"You're turning eighteen, Chris. I wouldn't miss it even if the world was ending." He replied with a smile that sent my heart into a back-flip and chills down my spine. I put my arm around his shoulder as we walked to our cars, ironically parked next to each other. I could tell me being there sent him some comfort, as his pace became livelier as we approached our cars. As he was about to get into his, he said, "I'll see you tomorrow_" and drove off. I headed home shortly after and began preparing for my party. With my parents on business for the weekend, I had free reign over the house, giving me the perfect opportunity to have a massive party.

After setting up, I showered and headed to bed. The anticipation for the next day had kept me from getting a decent night of sleep, so I was drowsy and irritable the next morning. Nonetheless, it was my birthday, so I quickly cheered myself up and made a hearty breakfast. While I was eating, I suddenly had a thought. I'm eighteen now. I'm legal for a lot of things. Today could really be a great day. After breakfast, I headed to the drugstore and purchased my first scratch tickets, lighter, and cigarettes. I ended up winning a dollar on the ticket, which I used on a pack of gum. As I paid for it, the clerk began talking about his first scratch ticket. I looked up at him. He was really cute. He had radiant blue eyes, silky smooth black hair, and almost perfect teeth. He couldn't have been over nineteen. Once he noticed me checking him out, he winked at me.

"Like what you see? You're not too bad yourself, handsome." He said in a sexy voice. I could feel arousal in my groin. "If you like, I'm on break in ten. How about we...get a little more acquainted?"

He was gorgeous but I politely declined, saying that I was saving myself for someone else. He instead wrote his number on my receipt and said, "if you change your mind, call" with another wink. I laughed slightly as I exited the drugstore and went home. After popping in a piece of gum, savoring the fruity taste, I began setting up my basement for the party. I plugged my iPod into the speaker dock and prepared my party mix. I left out the bottles of soda and cups, chips, and other party accessories. I made sure the fridge was stocked with extra food and drinks. Once I was set, I began to set up the infamous red cups in beer pong fashion on one of my tables. Pong was a favorite game of ours and was commonplace at every party.

My mind suddenly drifted to Andrew. I really hoped he was okay. I'd had a crush on him for a good two years now, and the last thing I wanted was to see him depressed. I replayed a fantasy in my head where we'd sit together and sip wine, laughing and cuddling and kissing. Then I'd reach down and caress his groin, feeling it grow in my hands. Then I'd unzip his zipper and let his huge cock fly out. It would be about nine inches long, slender, and circumcised, with a light pink head. I'd begin by memorizing every inch of it, every contour. Afterward, I'd begin by licking up and down the shaft. He'd moan in delight. I'd slowly take his penis into my mouth, using one hand for stability as I moved further down. Eventually I'd have nine inches of pure meat in my mouth, savoring the taste of pre-cum that would be leaking out as I pleasured him. Eventually it would be so intense he'd begin to cum into my awaiting mouth, me swallowing every last drop. Afterward, he'd turn around and bend over, and I'd release my hard and eager cock, eight and a half inches long, and be primed to enter his virginal territory...

SHIT_ I came all over my favorite shirt. I hadn't realized that I began masturbating to my fantasy. Not like it's the first time, I thought as I ran upstairs and threw on another shirt. It was six when the guests arrived. One by one they filed into my basement, grabbed their first drink, and then got around to whatever they did at parties. Some people huddled in a corner exchanging the latest gossip, some played Guitar Hero, some sat around, and some mingled. I waited for Andrew. Eventually, he arrived, looking quite thrilled.

"Happy birthday, man_" He said as he patted my shoulder. As I handed him a drink, everybody gathered to sing Happy Birthday to me. Fuck. I thought. I hate this fucking song. After suffering for that brief minute of happy birthday-ness, I cranked up the music and the party began. Within thirty minutes half of us were wasted, and the other half were on their way. I had won seven rounds of Pong in a row, making myself the champ of the night. In my drunken stupor, I managed to stumble on top of Andrew as he was playing Guitar Hero, just as drunk as me. We both collapsed in laughter, and everyone joined in.

"Oh shit." I said as I got up casually. "Sorry man."

"Hey, no problem. It happens, you know?" He joked.

As the night continued and some people began leaving, the numbers filed down. One by one, the party guests left until Andrew and I were left. As he was about to leave, I stopped him.

"Andrew, you're trashed. I'm not gonna let you drive home." I said. "You can stay here tonight." I led him upstairs and into the spare room. I laid him on the couch and grabbed a blanket and pillows for him. He was asleep almost instantly. I looked at him in his sleep. He was beautiful, truly. He had a face that few people could look away from. His features all accentuated each other, forming the perfect face. I stroked his cheek gently, feeling the gruff beard he had. His girlfriend hated the beard, I found it attractive. I figured I should try to get some sleep too, but I ended up sitting down on the armchair next to the couch and watched a movie instead. It was about eleven when Andrew opened his eyes. I could tell he was a little more sober, but the alcohol was probably still there.

"Chris, can I ask you something?" He asked.

"Of course, Andrew." I replied, pausing the movie. "Ask away."

"Well, what if you think you love somebody, but they obviously wouldn't love you?" He asked.

"Is this about Stephanie? Because I'm not the break-up expert." I said jokingly.

"Well--yes and no," He began, his eyes darting downward. "I did love Stephanie, but--things changed. I'll be honest, in the last few months, our relationship's not been the same." His hands began to fidget. This sure was serious. "I've been thinking of somebody else--when we kissed, when we danced, when we had sex..."

"Well, who was it?" I asked, now massively curious. In the back of my mind, I hoped it was me.

"You wouldn't understand, Chris...you're not that type of person." He said, almost dejectedly. I wondered where he was going with this. I had no clue what he meant at this point, but I really didn't care.

Andrew's hands moved lower and lower down his legs until he was touching his ankles. He rocked back and forth for a bit before continuing his dialogue. "Well, we were having sex one night--and, all of a sudden, as she was blowing me, I imagined it wasn't her. There was someone else..." his groin started to rise slightly. I shifted so that he wouldn't see my growing erection. He shifted as well, as if to follow suit.

"I hate to repeat myself, but who was it?" I asked, trying to press more and more out of him.

"Sorry, Chris--for some reason talking about it's gonna make me hornier than I already am. Look at me." He stood up, my face mere inches from his clearly throbbing erection. This was my chance.

"I could--take care of it for you, you know." I said. Andrew looked at me quizically. "It's not like I'm hitting on you--It's kind of like a favor between friends." His stare was still blank. I decided to be more firm. "Look--it's simple. I'll give you a blowjob to help you relax. You'll get your rocks off and all will be well. We'll never mention it again."

"If you're cool with it, but--what about you?" He asked, indicating to my hard-on that tented my jeans.

"Don't worry about me--I'll take care of myself later. Besides, you've probably never given one before anyway." I said, realizing right after that my word choice should have been better.

"You've done it before?" He asked as he sat down. He looked surprised.

"Yeah--only a few times. Mostly because I'd lose at a bet or something, but it's not like you're gay if you do it. It's called 'experimenting'." I said. I'd make it up to him for partially lying--I had never actually lost a bet and had to give a blowjob.

"Well, I know that part--so who did you do?" He asked.

"Well, the first time was in October, when I was at Dan's party--I lost a bet so I had to give him a blowjob." I explained. His eyes widened. "He said it was better than most girls. It's because guys know where they like it best."

"Well, if you don't mind--it would help." He said finally. He slowly rubbed his groin.

"Then sit back, drop your jeans, and enjoy." I winked at him seductively. He unbuttoned his jeans and let them fall to the floor. His boxer shorts tented massively in the front. I started by gently nibbling at where the tent was through his boxers. Slowly I took them off, leaving nothing but his dick. It was actually closer to my size, about eight and a half inches, but I certainly wasn't disappointed. His cock was perfection. Perfectly slender, with a bright pink mushroom-shaped head coming out at the top, with precum already leaking out. I gasped in admiration.

"Your cock is quite impressive, Andrew." I said right before I took it in my mouth, starting with the head. I slowly moved my head down more and more, taking an inch or so at a time. I used one hand to steady myself, and the other caressed his balls as Andrew moaned in delight--very audibly. All the while I either sucked on or licked his dick up and down the shaft. Whenever he'd get close to climax, I'd slow my pace--I wanted him to enjoy it as much as possible, and I wanted to savor the taste. After about five minutes, I figured we both had enough, and I took to a very fast-paced suck. Within the next few seconds He gripped the couch, virtually holding on for dear life, and his penis sprayed its juices into my mouth. I took in as much as I could, but it was as if it could go on forever. Eventually he stopped, and I wiped the remaining cum off my face and licked it off my fingers, enjoying the masculine taste it brought to me.

"Wow Chris, you were right. That was the best one I've ever gotten." He said, still panting from the incredible orgasm he had. He regained his breath and laid back down. "I never knew guys gave such good blowjobs."

"Well, it's not all guys--but we're more inclined to give better ones because we know what pleasures us more than girls." I replied. "Unless we communicate what we like and what we don't, they'll simply just do what they think pleasures us."

"I never thought about it that way--so probably the idea works for girls too." He said.

"Yeah, probably--since I'm not female I'm not sure how it is, but I'd assume so." I replied. I was still hard as a rock--I had probably graduated to a diamond at this point--and I noticed Andrew was still hard. I tried to push the envelope a bit. "Wow, that made me damn hard." I said, laughing slightly.

"Wow, you're right," Andrew noted, looking quite lustfully at my groin, "I'm not even soft either." He indicated to his dick, which was still sitting freely. His jeans and boxers were on the floor still.

"Well, why don't we just both go au naturale? It's just the two of us--my parents aren't back for a few days--and it's much more comfortable." I suggested. "It's not like you haven't seen a dick that's not your own before anyway."

"You're right--why not?" He stripped off his shirt and threw it with his other clothes. I got my first up-close and personal look at his amazing figure. His chest, like the rest of his body (with the exception of a bit of his hips and thighs), was nicely tanned--all that running track in the spring helped. His chest was also covered with dark hair that nicely accentuated his dark brown nipples, both erect at this point. He had a very defined six-pack, with a small bit of hair leading from his navel to the rest of his pubic hair. I took a break from staring at him to strip myself. I threw my clothes in a pile next to his and sat back in my chair, legs slightly wise so he could get a perfect look at my cock, fully erect at a strong eight and a half inches, probably a few centimeters smaller than Andrew's, but about a half inch thicker in diameter.

"Shit, Chris. What a piece of work you've got there. I'd hate to be on the receiving end of that monster." Andrew laughed as he laid back, his hands massaging his cock. I stroked myself for a few seconds, not too hard so that I'd come all over him, because I was about ready to release everything I had. After a short time, Andrew turned to me and asked, "Got any porn?"

"I just turned eighteen today, Andrew--I haven't gotten any yet." I said slightly dejectedly.

"No problem--why don't we just use the internet?" He asked. I agreed with a nod, and moved myself to the computer desk a foot away. I opened the browser and turned back.

"Any site you're interested in?" I asked. I was expecting some annoying big-tit versus big-dick straight porn, or some black-on-white action, or Asian babes, but Andrew's answer surprised me.

"Man, that blowjob you gave me made me curious. How about gay porn?" He asked. My insides did a double-backflip followed by a triple axel. The straightest guy I knew was interested in gay porn. Inside, I did a victory dance. Outside, I typed in the web address of one of my favorite haunts (not telling him it was my favorite, of course--I only said I heard it was good). It was a model site that featured athletic twinks showing off their bodies, masturbating to some lesbian porn, and sometimes doing other things, like getting/giving a blowjob, and sometimes even fucking.

"What sucks is that we only get the previews--this site shows some stuff but not enough." I said as I clicked on my favorite model.

"Does the site have a one-day membership?" Andrew asked.

"Yeah--why?" I was curious as to where this was going.

"We'll use my credit card. I don't mind, it's only about three bucks anyway." He said as he ran to his wallet and returned with his card.

"You sure?" I asked. "What if your parents see?"

"They don't check my statement, unless they think I'm spending too much money. Usually to see if it got stolen or something. Look--a one day pass for this site is only a dollar. They're not going to notice." I moved over and let him fill out the information. Within a minute we signed up under an alternate e-mail address I rarely used. We went back to my favorite model, and I clicked on the full movie. It began streaming a few minutes later.

The model was about six feet tall, had dirty blonde hair, and brown eyes. The first scene featured him in an interview where he talked about his hobbies and the like. The second scene had him at the studio, taking off his clothes. Once his clothes were off, the photographers took some photos of him in precarious positions. His cock hardened during the shoot, and at the beginning of the third scene, he was directed toward a couch across from a big flat-screen TV playing a lesbian porn movie. He stroked his large cock up and down, gently at first, and then with more fervor. While he did so, another model walked in and sat next to him, and they began jerking off together. The cameraman offered both some cash to fuck around, and they both accepted. The second model immediately went down on the first, taking his cock into his mouth. We watched with lustful eyes as the first model began pounding the second on the floor, both men grunting as the first's cock pumped in and out of the second's ass. The movie ended with a both men masturbating each other, kissing, and a huge cumshot erupting from both dicks.
