 Thomas had told me he was bisexual several months earlier, and I had barely thought of it since. I guess it made sense when he told me, since he only seemed to express an interest in the girls that everyone was interested in, but I decided to put it in the back of my mind so as to best keep his secret. When he invited me on a vacation to Florida with him for a week the summer before our senior year of high school, I was happy to go along. Not many days before we were due to leave, though, I was jerking off, and I got to thinking. "I'm already eighteen years old," I said to myself, "and I've never even done anything below the waist with a girl." This wasn't right - I'd had girlfriends, shouldn't I have been more experienced? Okay, sure, but when would I get my next girlfriend? This wasn't the most inspiring masturbation session, to say the least. For some reason, that night I needed something plausible. Then it hit me - what if Thomas wanted to let me fuck him? If not that, maybe something else? This kept me hard, and I kept thinking on it even after I came.

Our first few days at the beach weren't very eventful. We swam, biked around, and went kayaking. The weather was a little hot for my taste, but we had the water to cool down in, so everything was good. Then, four days into the six day trip, I was coming out of the ocean when I thought I saw Thomas staring at my bathing suit, in a spot he shouldn't have been staring. He had told me about his bisexuality, so I wasn't offended, maybe even flattered, but he looked away when he saw that I noticed. Not long after that, I was headed back into the water as he swam in on a wave. As he stood up and pulled his long brown hair away from his eyes, I decided to sneak a glance at his crotch, and make sure he saw me. I couldn't tell if he noticed or not - his face betrayed nothing this time - but I wasn't about to stand there staring at the outline of his dick for minutes at a time, so I went back to looking for waves.

We were staying on two twin beds in the same guest room of the house his family had rented for July. The main bedroom was reserved for his sister and her friend, but fortunately they'd kept out of the way for our whole stay, and the acoustics of the house were such that we could stay up and play video games or talk until four in the morning and no one else would be able to hear us. We stayed up late, and when the conversation hit a lull, I figured I'd better tell him, and see what I could get out of it. "I think I'm bisexual, too."

"Really?" he sounded tired, and not as interested as I had hoped. I hoped my timing hadn't been too bad.

"Yeah. I think so. How did you know when you were?"

"Easy," he said, but he still sounded cautious, or suspicious, or something. Suddenly I was very paranoid - what if he wasn't bi anymore, or it was an attempt for me to confess something? I had no idea why he would have done that, but this was the first time I'd spoken anything like this aloud, mostly because I hadn't thought anything about it before. "I noticed that I was checking out guys. How do you know you are?"

"I said I just thought I was. I'm not sure."

"Bullshit, Andrew. You know. You were looking at me weird today. You were thinking something."

"It's just..." I started to say, but now I was really regretted saying anything at all, but it had been almost a week since I had jerked off, and that must have made me bolder than I normally would have been. "Normally I think about girls giving me head, or something. Then one day, I thought up a guy, and realized I didn't care too much, and then thought I might actually like that." I didn't tell him he was the guy. That would still be too much.

"Yeah," he said, and now he sounded at ease. Maybe he was suspicious of me at first, too? Who else had he told? Anyone? "That happened to me, too. And then..." His voice dropped to a whisper. "And then I thought about actually giving a guy head. And I thought I would like that."

There was a long silence. Neither of us knew what to say. I thought it'd be best to make sure he knew I was merely bi, and not completely gay. "The thing is, there aren't that many hot girls at our school..."

"Man, I know. There's, like, just Carrie, Katie, and...Emily? Maybe?"

"I don't even think Katie's that hot," I said. "I usually just use the other two."

"What, in your spank bank?"

"Is that what it's called now? I thought it would just be called an imagination." The conversation was flowing, now - we were okay with each other's admissions. But I wanted a blowjob, damn it, and I wanted him to give me one tonight. There had to be a way to get that to happen tonight.

"Shit, I just use porn. The girls from our school are barely worth thinking about."

I knew - I could ask him what exactly was worth thinking about. Then we could figure something out. "Okay, anyone from school, then, one sex act. Who and what would it be?"

"One sex act? You sound like our health textbook," he laughed, but then remembered to keep his voice down to a whisper. "Really, I just want a blowjob. I don't care who from."

I thought about what he had said when he knew he was bisexual, and decided that in order to get him to suck my dick, I was willing to suck his. It took me a long time to admit this to myself, and then more time to say it out loud - too long to have made it sound casual, which was what I had wanted. "Fuck, man, I'll give you a blowjob, if that's all you really want."

Long pause. Too much silence. Crap. Crap. Did I really just say that?

"Did you really just say that?" he asked, and sat up. His shirt was off, but the comforter covered most of the rest of him. I assumed he was still wearing boxers underneath, but I didn't try to peek too much to verify that. I'd been too forward already. "I mean...you'd probably want me to do you first, right?"

I was scared, now. Was this going to happen? Why did I do this? I was too hard to think of saying no, though, so I just nodded, and despite the dark, he saw me.

"I...uh..." he began. "I just gotta get ready." He stood up (he was wearing boxers, damn it) and went into the bathroom. I heard him washing his face, but there was almost a full minute of silence, and I wondered what was going on. 

While he was in the bathroom, I felt for my cock, and found that it was almost painfully hard. I took off my boxers, but left the comforter on in case he changed his mind. My cock was probably a bit small, but whatever, I thought - it's not like Thomas was going to go around telling everyone I was barely more than five inches. They'd have to ask why he knew, and...

My anxieties were interrupted by the opening of the bathroom door. Thomas came back into the bedroom and sat down next to my bed. "Okay," he said, sounding nervous but eager. "Are you ready?"

"Yeah," I said, and doubtless I sounded the same as he did.

He pulled away my comforter and picked up my dick. So strange after so long to feel a hand other than my own grabbing my dick, especially one so different. Thomas was probably six inches taller than me, and his hands were certainly proportional. My dick felt even smaller than I'd thought it was just moments before. But it didn't matter - I felt warmth and wetness closing around the head of my cock, and I was inside his mouth. It felt as good as I'd imagined it, maybe even better, and this was a guy sucking on my dick! He didn't make any noises, he didn't pause to make it seem like he regretted what he was doing...he just let his mouth slide up and down, while his tongue pushed at the side and occasionally rubbed around the tip of my dick. This was unreal. I didn't know if I could take it.

"Stop," I said. "Stop." But he didn't stop - he kept sucking, and his mouth kept going up and down, and when he reached the tip of my cock each time, his tongue slid all around the head. However long it took us to say these things to each other, there was no hesitation now.

Finally, he pulled his mouth away, still holding on enough for me to pop when I slid out of his mouth.

"Wow," I said. "Wow...but you can't keep going. I haven't jerked off in a week, I don't want to come in your mouth."

"Do you want a turn, then?"

"Yeah."

He went back over to his bed, but was still wearing his boxers. I pulled them halfway down his legs, but paused when I looked at his cock, which must have been three inches bigger than mine. I was glad he was circumcised, as I was, since I didn't think I'd have had good instincts on what to do if he hadn't been. 

"This is...big." I said. "Good thing all I'm doing is sucking it."

He hadn't thought I'd have thought of doing anything else, but I could tell he liked the suggestion. I put my left hand around it, and stroked him a little. My other hand grabbed his balls. I didn't know how to begin, but a prominent fantasy of mine had always been Carrie (or any hot girl, really) licking from the base to the tip, and then putting it in her mouth, so I gave it a try on Thomas.

For doing something previously thought unthinkable, his penis tasted like normal skin, like I was licking a very large finger. It didn't feel at all strange. "This really isn't so bad," I thought as I put the head of his cock into my mouth. I started to do what he had done to me: I moved my tongue around as much as possible, and I put as much inside my mouth as could fit. While he had been able to fit all of me inside him, I wasn't quite able to do the same with him, but I certainly tried. 

Maneuvering was surprisingly difficult. I thought I would have been able to do it so that, if he had been looking at me, I would have been facing him directly. Not so much. (For one thing, he wasn't facing me at all. His eyes were toward the ceiling, closed, and he looked as though he was enjoying every moment.) I had to shift my body around so the top half of my body lay across his stomach, because only that way could I fit enough of him in my mouth to feel like I was doing a good enough job. The sounds he was making - occasional moans and mutterings of "Yes" or "Oh, wow" - let me know I had nothing to worry about on that front, so I kept going. I took him out of my mouth and proceeded to only lick him, but lick every part of his cock. This was my first time, and I wanted to get it all, even though I knew from having a penis of my own that the most fun was to be had at the tip.

Then I put the head of his cock in my mouth and sucked softly. This followed more licking, and finally I once again tried putting as much of him inside as I could. It felt like he was getting harder, and I started to slide up and down his cock faster and then slower, hoping something more would happen. It was surprising: I thought I liked this more than I had liked it when he was sucking me. "Yes," I thought. "I could get used to this."

Soon, when I moved my mouth back north and ran my tongue around the tip of his cock, I tasted the slight hint of saltiness. "Stop," he started to tell me. "I'm going to come."

I ignored him, because by now I wanted it to happen. I kept his cock in my mouth, sliding up and down, varying my speeds, and when I felt a shot of warm liquid hit the roof of my mouth, I didn't mind at all. "Besides," I thought. "now he can go back to sucking me."