 Rui and Fernando stood on a deserted beach not far from Xai Xai. It had been 30 years since they had left their boyhood home of Mozambique and this was the first time they had been back.

Both were overwhelmed with nostalgia, remembering golden carefree days, when they played in the surf , or went running through the orchards on Rui's father's farm. Sometimes Fernando's father would take the boys out in his boat and they would catch fish for supper. The pair had been inseparable then, but time and distance had taken them their separate ways. Rui was married and lived in Canada, while Fernando was divorced and lived in Lisbon. 

'Aah Fernanado, it is all so far away.' Rui sighed.

'Yes. But I'm glad we came back.' Fernando replied.

'Look at us now.' Rui said. 'All fat and hairy.'

Fernando suddenly grabbed a handful of his buddy's big butt through the tiny speedos that he wore.

'I love big bears.' he growled.

Rui was shocked. He looked askance at his friend. Was he teasing, or was he trying to tell him something? Why was it he had got divorced.

'Tell me again why you got divorced.' Rui said.

'Can't you guess?'

'What? you like men.'

'I love them.' Fernando replied.

Rui laughed. 

'You're having me on, right?'

'No. I'm serious.' Fernando replied.

Rui looked over at his friend. They were both so similar in build and yet there was something about seeing his buddy in those tight speedos that excited him. Excited him even though he was a married man and had been on the straight and narrow for the longest time.

Rui looked around the beach. It was totally deserted. It was just them and the sun, sand and surf. He felt his cock stir and already he could see the outline of Fernando's tumescing cock. A cock that he had tasted but once, the year he turned eighteen and the year the family had suddenly left their home. In the turmoil of leaving he and Fernando had lost touch. He had assumed that to be a youthful experimentation, and up until now had no desire to repeat the experience. 

'Do you remember that time?....' Rui said softly.

'Ofcourse I do. I think about it often.' Fernando replied.

With that Fernando lowered his speedos down his hairy thighs and let his thick cock free. Rui watched as he peeled back the pale fleshy foreskin, revealing a slick pink cockhead. In that moment all of Rui's hesitation vanished. He went over and knelt on the sand in front of his friend. Then opening wide he took that juicy cock into his mouth and savoured the taste that washed over his tongue. A taste he had long ago forgotten, but it burned itself anew into his lust glands. His own cock strained against his nylon swimwear and soon pushed past the waist band, peeling back his foreskin in the process. It felt delicious as his cock head made contact with the fresh air.

Fernando pulled Rui to his feet and kissed him passionately. It felt like another kind of homecoming. Two middle aged bears by the sea, making love under the warmth of the tropical sun. Their thick stubby cocks crushed against each other and hands roamed freely, grabbing chunks of beefy butt flesh. 

'I want you so much.' Fernando sighed.

Rui, who was too embarrassed to put into words what he wanted to do, turned around and rubbed his soft, pale, smooth rump against Fernando, whose thick cock soon disappeared into his crack and rubbed back and forth underneath Rui's fat, smooth balls. It felt so incredibly delicious and made Rui so horny that he begged Fernando to fuck him. The two went over to their beach towels in the shade of a tree and Fernando's hands trembled with excitement as he worked some coconut oil into his best buddy's asshole.

As that thick truncheon slid into him Rui cried out in pain. He had forgotten what it was like the first and only time he had been fucked, thirty years ago.

'Should I stop?' Fernando asked.

'No, no...just take it slow.'

Fernando was as gentle as he could be. But his instinct was to get his knob buried as deeply inside Rui's warm ass as quickly as possible. He thought of all the times he had wanked off thinking about Rui, wondering where he was in the world. And now here he was fucking him in the ass. He could feel Rui squirming around underneath him, trying to get comfortable. Fernando pulled his cock out of Rui's fuck canal and the sensation of that oiled up cock sliding out of his ass made Rui gasp. It felt so fucking good, he damn well wanted this to work.

'Stick it back in.' he commanded.

When Fernando pushed it back in, it felt so much better. Soon the pair had found a rhythm that worked for them both. All that mattered in the world right then was cock and ass. Rui's own cock had deflated and he concentrated on the wonderful sensations in his ass. Was this how it felt when he fucked his wife, he wondered. And Fernando was lost in a world of his own. Each stroke seemed better than the last; rude slurpy sounds mixed in with the heavy bear's breathing and the gentle lapping of the waves.

'Oh, fuck I'm gonna cum...' Fernando growled.

Rui squeezed his asshole tight against Rui's fat cock and the sensation took Fernando over the edge. He cursed and grunted as his pumped off a thick load of cream into Rui's hot ass. He collapsed onto his buddy and the two lay locked together like that for five minutes until Rui grew uncomfortable under Fernando's weight.

He squirmed out from under Fernando and could see that all his buddy wanted was to go to sleep so he gathered him up in his arms and soon Fernando was gently snoozing. Rui lazily gazed down at Fernando's handsome face, with the strong jaw and straight nose and luscious lips. The heat of the day soon overcame Rui and he fell asleep too.

Rui awoke to the most delicious sensation, like little fish nibbling on his dick. He looked down and saw that Fernando was giving him a blowjob. Rui sighed out loud and Fernando looked up at his friend.

'You like?' he asked.

'I love it.' Rui replied.

Blowjobs were one thing his wife had absolutely refused to do. No matter how hard he had begged and pleaded she stood firm. So even if Fernando had been shit at giving blowjobs Rui would still have been pleased with the effort. But as it happened Fernando was an expert. Rui's cock tingled in Fernando's mouth as Fernando gently crushed Rui's big balls in his hands. Rui reached down and stroked Fernando's broad back as his buddy ate his hungry cock.

And then the shock as Fernando reached for the coconut oil and liberally coated Rui's cock and gently jerked on it. Damn, why did another man's hand feel so good. But what Rui didn't realized was that this was only the beginning of the journey. Suddenly Fernado straddled his hips and impaled himself on Rui's cock.

'Aaaaah fuck!' Rui cried out as his cock bit deep into that soft, warm ass chute.

Fernando pushed Rui down on his back and began to work his ass up and down that thick fuck pole. It stretched his ass wide, just the way he liked it. He looked down at his friend, who seemed quite out of it, with lust and amazement written all over his handsome, tanned face and in his dark blue eyes. Grinding his ass on Rui's delicious cock he stroked his chest and tweaked his nipples until Rui cried out in delight.

Seeing the flush of excitement creep across Rui's neck inflamed Fernando's own lust. His cock grew hard again and he reached for it now. As he stroked his thick hog Rui stroked in and out of his ass. It felt as though Rui's cock was going up right inside his own, forcing the cream higher and higher up his tube. When he saw Rui's face contort and heard the growl rising in his throat he let himself go.

A thick rope of spunk shot out of Fernando's cock and landed on Rui's stomach. Fernando rubbed it into Rui's nipples as his friend grabbed his hips and gave one final lunge. The intensity of Rui's orgasm amazed him and delighted Fernando, who bent down to share another kiss with his friend.

When the two friend parted later that day to go back to their separate lives they knew that they were taking with them pleasant memories that would last the rest of their lives.