 There I was stretched out naked on my bed, fisting the bone again. My boyfriend Andy had taken a job and moved to Rome so we decided that rather than keep something going we should just break up. We'd been together for a while and I wasn't in the mood yet to start seeing other men. But I'd been horny as hell. So, for now, I was again testing the proposition that at times a man's fist could be his best friend.

When I jack off I prefer to have the TV on, watching a nasty DVD. My favorite visual aid these days happened to be videos featuring a certain porn star. This sexy stud really got my juices flowing. He was a horny top who loved feeding his gorgeous tool to hungry dudes and then making them endure some serious rectal reaming. He wasn't a big guy. Lean and wiry, he was built more like a long distance runner or a gymnast, than a linebacker. And that modest frame of his made his most outstanding feature seem even more awesome, his magnificent cock, a thick, ten inches when erect.

No penis had ever mesmerized me more and I had become addicted to the sight of it. Luckily the dude made lots of videos and new ones seemed to be coming out all the time. That beautifully proportioned cock of his was perfection itself. A lot of studs who are hung really long and thick, their cocks, even when erect, tend to hang a little. Gravity just works on them that way I suppose. But this cock stood up straight from his belly at a forty-five degree angle, so rigid it looked like it was going to burst any minute. It was a magnificent shaft, with that nicely outlined ridge of muscle running along the center of the underside, a feature of cocks I especially appreciate. But then again, I view myself as something of a connoisseur of the male organ.

So here I was whacking away as I watched him use that cock of his on a couple of grateful, lucky studs. And indirectly I'd run into a little bit of that luck myself. I had been in a store that sold sex toys a couple of weeks ago and to my shock saw that they were stocking these new dildos, rubber replicas of this stud's cock. There, on the box, was his photo. And inside the box was what looked like an exact replica of his penis, claiming to be molded from the actual organ itself. Since I was very familiar with the look of that organ, I could see from the evidence in the box that the claim was accurate.

Naturally I had to buy myself one of these, and since that day I'd been making very generous use of it. I'd stick in one of his DVDs and as I watched the real thing in action I'd take out the rubber replica. He'd feed that beautifully thick ten inch tool to some starved cock freak and, as he did, I'd suck on the rubber one, imagining it was the real thing. Or he'd grease up some sexy young guy's bottom and slam every one of his inches up the stud's horny butt. At that point I'd slap some lube between my own cheeks and work that rubber shaft up my own ass. It took a little doing at first because I'd never been fucked by a cock that big, but soon I was eager for it, aching for it, fantasizing about the real thing, but making do with the best I could, an exact replica.

One morning a few weeks later I was sitting out at a sidewalk cafe on Eighth Avenue having myself a cup of coffee. To my utter amazement who should come in and take the table right next to mine but the stud in question. I figured him for a California dude, all tanned and buffed, with that surf boy look. And he always seemed to socking it some surfer type in these beach bungalows, with palm trees in view out the window as a young stud was getting his bottom pulverized on a futon. Maybe he was visiting New York, or maybe he went out there to make films. After all, that's where they make most of them. Anyway, I tried not to stare but it was hard. For a couple of months I'd been gazing at this stud getting rough and nasty with one slut after another, drooling over him and his gorgeous cock. And now here he was, seated five feet from me!

I was tempted to say something, but held back. Finally I just couldn't help myself.

"Hi there, I said. "I just want you to know that I'm one of your biggest fans."

Startled at first, he soon smiled, knowing just what I meant. I'm sure this happened to him on a regular basis, being greeted by a star-struck admirer.

"Why, thank you," he said in a deep voice, his smile sexy, looking me over. He seemed to like what he saw, or maybe I was just flattering myself.

"I've watched a lot of your videos and if it were up to me you'd certainly be winning the award for best performance by a male star this year."

"I appreciate that," he said. "You're just the kind of film critic we need more of."

We both laughed and started small talking. I was amazed that I was sitting here, talking to my idol, sneaking looks down to his worn jeans, knowing that magnificent of tool of his was hidden behind the crotch of those jeans, in arm's reach. What I would have done to reach over and cop myself a feel! I even mustered up the courage to tell him that I bought one of those dildos molded from his cock and had made good use of it. He liked hearing that, smiling.

He had himself a full breakfast but noticed I was having just coffee.

"Aren't you eating?" he asked.

"No, I don't usually have breakfast."

"You're not hungry?" he asked with a meaningful gaze, staring right into my eyes. Was I imagining it, or could it be that he was actually coming on to me?

"Not for breakfast," I said, returning the stare.

"How about for some beef, some grade-A prime beef?"

My heart skipped a beat as I took in his words. Could I be hearing him right?

"Some of that might be nice."

"Well, I think I got some for you," he said, discreetly dropping a hand to his lap and squeezing his bulge.

He asked me where I lived and I told him I had an apartment a couple blocks away. He suggested we go over to my place and, stunned, I nodded that sounded good to me. Walking the short distance to my building we were both silent. In the elevator my heart was beating so fast I was afraid he could hear it thumping away in my chest. I tried to keep my fingers from trembling as I unlocked my door, still amazed that this perfect stud, this fantasy lover of mine was actually here, in my place, with me.

"I don't know why, but I woke up in the hotel real horny this morning," he said.

So he was visiting from California, it seemed.

"Me, too," I said, thankful I'd decided not to jerk off after I woke up, as I often do.

"Ready for some of that beef I promised?" he whispered discreetly.

"Uh huh."

Slowly, he pulled down the zipper of his jeans, dug in, and pulled it out. He must've heard me gasp as I laid eyes on it. It wasn't erect yet, not fully, but there it was, thick and long. I'd been whacking off to the sight of it for months. Now, with just a few strokes of his fist he got it up to full mast, standing up straight, all ten thick inches of it.

"Still hungry?" he growled, proudly showing it off.

"Oh yeah!" I said, dropping to my knees. There it was in front of my face. It looked just like the replica, except this one was real. I took hold of it. It was warm, hot. What I was touching was skin and flesh, not rubber. I couldn't believe I was actually holding it in my hand, this magnificently thick, ten inch rod. He stood there, hands on his hips, looking down at me, the proud stud, knowing what impressive equipment he was packing, seeing how awestruck I was by the sight of it.

I just stared at it, ready to worship at the idol of his awesome phallus.

Then I started to lick it. He moaned as he felt my warm, wet tongue against the taut skin of his rigid penis. I ran my tongue up and down the ridge on the underside of his shaft until I got to that sweet spot just below his knob. He groaned, holding my head in place, as I tongued that pleasure zone. I opened my lips wide and engulfed him, sucking his big, smooth knob as I twisted the shaft in my hand.

Then, all of a sudden, I heard a key in the lock and a moment later there was Laura, my roommate, standing and staring at me sitting on the living room couch with Trent's huge cock in my mouth. I froze, and she froze, and Trent froze, Laura's eyes wide with shock, her jaw hanging slack.

"Oh my God! I'm sorry!" she gasped.

Laura was my roommate. She liked the idea of sharing a place with a gay guy, and I liked having a female roommate rather than living with another gay man. We got along really well, and the balance worked. Plus, we were very open and truthful with each other. But I sure as shit didn't expect her to show up suddenly, like that. She was supposed to be at work.

"Uh--- gosh---" she stuttered, "the power suddenly went out down at the gallery and so we closed up and I came home early. I didn't know.---"

"It's okay," I said, releasing Trent's cock from between my lips, "I assumed you'd be at work and there was no way you could know I'd be having company. Hell, I didn't know it myself this morning."

Trent just stood there, his cock softening a little as I still held it in my hand, but still thick and meaty.

"This is my roommate, Laura, and this here is Trent," I said, making the introductions.

"Trent?" she said, looking at him curiously, then suddenly smiling, "say? aren't you the guy in those videos Bill is always watching?"

I didn't hide any of that from Laura; in fact, once or twice she sat down and watched them with me, and they turned her on, she said. So now I explained that this was, indeed, the same Trent, and how I'd met him at the café and we came back here together.

"Gee, Bill," Laura said now, smiling broadly, even a little wickedly, "I guess sometimes dreams really do come true!"

Since Laura seemed so blase, even enthused, I decided to just put Trent's cock back in my mouth and start sucking him again. He sure wasn't uptight about the situation. As a porn actor he was used to being watched by all sorts of people, so having my female roommate walk in on us like this was probably no big thing for him.

"Oh, god! That is just so hot, Bill, watching you suck a huge cock!" Laura said, her voice almost breathless as she fixed her eyes on us like a pair of lasers, gazing intently.

In a jiffy Trent was rock hard again and I was showing off for Laura now, as well as for Trent, showing off just how deep down my throat I could take a cock this big and this thick. 

"How about we go into my bedroom?" Laura suggested. She had the bigger bedroom and she had a big king-sized bed in it, while I only had an ordinary double in mine. So Trent and I followed Laura, the two of us quite a sight, jeans down and our cocks fully erect, standing hard and straight, holding up our jeans as we followed my fully clothed female roommate into her bedroom.

"Make yourselves at home, guys," Laura said, waving to her big bed as Trent started taking off all his clothes with me doing the same, Laura watching, remaining fully dressed as Trent and I got stark fucking naked. Then Trent dropped back on my bed, his huge cock sticking straight up, obscenely provocative. I went back to work on that cock of his with my mouth as Laura sat on a chair opposite the bed, hitching up her skirt a little.

Here was a stud who'd probably had hundreds of males go down on him. Hell, I'd probably watched fifty different guys suck his dick. But I prided myself on knowing how to suck cock, and I was going to make sure the stud would leave here appreciating my finesse. I took inch after inch of his shaft in my mouth and down my throat. Watching videoes I'd noticed guys trying to taking all his ample inches down their throats. Maybe one managed it. But I prided myself on my oral skills. And I'd practiced on the dildo. So now I was able to show off, taking inch after inch of his pole down my gullet until my lips were pressing against his balls, every damned inch of his massive penis engulfed down my throat.

"Damn!" he groaned, pressing on my head, running his fingers through my hair. "You sure know how to swallow it, guy."

"Oh god, look at him! He sure does" Laura hissed, really getting turned on by what was happening in her bedroom, "Bill's always talking about how much he loves to suck cock"

I felt so good, so proud, sucking this dream cock, impressing him like this, and impressing Laura too. After all, Trent was a pro performer. So a compliment from him meant something.

I had noticed watching his videos that whenever a guy sucked his cock, he also made sure to feed him something else, his bottom. This stud loved to be rimmed and I can't tell you how many hungry tongues I'd watched lapping away at his hot asshole. So now I pulled my mouth away from his cock and urged him to turn over on his stomach. Right away he knew just what I had in mind, reaching back to hold open his buttocks. His bottom was always tan in his videos. He probably made sure to bronze it on a regular basis at one of those nude beaches up in Malibu. Now I stared at those smooth, tanned chheks of his, rippling with muscles. Then gazed into his crack, at the prize, at the wrinkled hole. Apart from all the tongues I'd seen digging in there, I'd also watched a couple of cocks busting open that hole. For while the stud was obviously a top, and his videos always featured some fortunate slut waiting for him to bury his thick, rigid inches up his butthole, a few times he had turned over for others and seemed to enjoy getting as much as he gave, taking a stiff one up his hot bottom.

A bottom I was about devour!

"Watch this, Laura," I said, looking over to her, licking my lips.

I slid my tongue into his crack and started eating him up, wanting to give him a rim job that would be as memorable as the blow job he'd just received.

"Oh yeah, eat that ass, eat it out!" Laura urged me as Trent groaned, reaching back with an arm to press my face between his cheeks. I took my time gobbling up the rubbery ridge of his sphincter, forcing my tongue into the hole. 

But soon it was my hole that was yearning for attention, yearning for that thick cock of his to bust it wide open!

I pulled my tongue from his bottom as he turned around.

"My appetite's been filled," I said. "Now something else needs to be filled."

"Oh God, your ass! Right, Bill?" Laura just about squealed.

"How'd you guess, Laura," I said, winking at her.

I turned around and held myself open, letting him and Laura both have a good look at my hole.

"Come down here," he growled, tapping the bed.

I'd watched the stud fuck so many dudes and had picked up on something. When I screw a guy or take it in the ass myself I'm usually up on elbows and knees or kneeling behind someone positioned like that. But this stud rarely fucked that way. He liked to be on top of a guy, pinning his legs back, wedging a pillow under his bottom, and fucking him face to face. He was so proud of that awesome dick of his that he wanted to make sure the lucky guy got to look at it as he prepped his ass, and then kept looking at it as he plowed it inside him. And he liked taking his time prepping a bottom, reaming a dude open with a couple of stiff fingers, getting him ready for his hard thickness.

"Here you go," he said wedging one of Laura's many down pillows under my butt as I instinctively jackknifed my legs back and exposed my hole to him.

"Got some lube?"

"I got some," Laura offered, "I take it up the ass too."

I knew that about Laura; she'd confessed as much once when we were watching a video of a stud fucking another stud up the ass.

Laura opened a drawer in her dresser and handed him a tube. Suddenly I had an idea; I wanted to show Trent something. 

"Hold on, guys, I'll be right back."

When I returned to Laura's room I was holding it behind my back.

"What have you got behind you back?" Trent asked.

"Voila!" I announced suddenly displaying it.

"What's that?" Trent said catching sight of the dildo -- the one molded from his cock.

"That's you," I said with a wicked grin, showing him the big dildo --- the one molded from his cock. 

He gazed at it with a smile, getting a kick seeing his 'double,' Laura watching everything very closely, her eyes wide and bright, obviosuly very aroused by all these fun and games. My eyes now drifted from Trent's cock to the doldo, going from the real one to the rubber replica, Laura doing the same thing.

"Okay, let's get you ready," Trent said as I laid the dildo down by the bed and scampered up on all fours again, showing off my ass as Trent started to squeeze out plenty of lubricating jelly between my cheeks. For his ten, thick inches, I'd need it too!

"Oh yeah, that feels good," I moaned, reaching for his cock, stroking it, while he jammed a couple of greased fingers up my ass, twisting them inside me, getting me ready. Then he positioned himself, taking hold of his own cock.

"Ready for this?" he said, holding it proudly, real cocky now.

"Ready as I'll ever be, so shove it in!" I hissed.

"Oh God!" Laura gasped again, "I can't believe I'm really getting to watch this."

"Watch it and enjoy it," Trent said, the porn 'star' talking.

My heart skipped another beat as I felt him wedge his fat cockhead against my greased hole. And then I just took a deep breath, biting my lips as he pushed forward relentlessly, smoothly burying his hugely erect cock inside me. It was strange. I'd never been fucked by a stud as hung as this. But having buried that rubber replica of his cock up my hole many, many times, I knew what to expect and was nice and ready. Pinning my legs back, he fucked me with deep, powerful strokes. Finally I got to feel his balls slapping against my cheeks and reaching down I could see that the whole thing, all ten inches, was buried in my rectum.

Now, seeing the dildo sitting there, he picked it up and handed it to me.

"Here, let me see you suck on this, suck my dick while I fuck you!" he cackled as I greedily gobbled up the rubber shaft, amazed that I was taking two of him inside me at once. As he rammed his full length deep into my innards, I swallowed as much of his cock as I could. Then I thought I'd come up with a nasty variation.

Looking over I noticed Laura reach under her skirt and pull down her panties. Then she hitched up her skirt and spread her legs, sliding a hand between them. She watched me fist myself and beat off while we watched porn. But she always remained dressed and never reached down to touch herself, even though she had been obviously excited.

"Here, you feel like sucking it?" I said as he hesitated a moment, stunned. But then, as I held the rubber cock up for him, he started to suck it. This was so deliciously twisted! Here my porno idol was fucking me and at the same time he was sucking a version of himself! It made me wonder if he'd ever done that before or, even more outrageously, if he'd ever worked that rubber cock of his up his own ass! Talk about twisted! Tell a dude to 'go fuck himself,' and this stud could actually do it!

"You two sexy queers are blowing my fucking mind!" Laura hissed as she unabashedly fingered herself.

I can be pretty wild sometimes and Laura's reaction to all this only encouraged me. So now as he kept screwing me, sucking his 'own' dick like this, I reached around to finger his hole. I'd rimmed him thoroughly back there, so a finger, and then a second went in smoothly.

"You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?" I asked with a nasty smile.

"And what I'm thinking!" Laura hissed, by now really whipping up a froth down in her pussy.

"Wouldn't that he a trip!" he smirked as I reached over for the tube of lubricant, squeezing some onto my fingertips and reaching around to slap it between his cheeks. While I greased his hole he kept giving mine a real workout courtesy of his massive log. Soon he'd be feeling those same thick inches up his own butthole.

"Can I do it, can I do the honors?" Laura asked with the eager, anxious voice of a kid who finally wants to have her turn at some forbidden game.
