 Khrel'thull and Naer were two very large Orc warriors of the Western Badlands. The Orcs of the Badlands and the human bands had been at war for quite some time. The Orcs had the better weapons however, and took more pleasure in simply causing havoc and using the humans like cattle than in simply destroying them. Today was as good a day as any to do just that, in fact; Khrel'thull and Naer thought so anyway.

The two Orcs had brown, thick skin covered in bottled yellow and green fur, and hulked about on all fours, for the most part, almost like massive gorillas. They wore nothing, letting their long, thick cocks hang down between their legs, dangling in front of equally large balls. Naer carried a couple feet of rope for snaring humans.

Now, the two were waiting off the road, huddled in a bush. They'd been watching the village from a distance for some time, waiting for one of the humans to come out to hunt or gather. They'd been hoping for a female, but as usual, they were well protected and had little to do outside the village anyway. Instead, a man, muscular for a human but not too hulking, left the camp. So Khrel'thull and Naer took to their usual positions by the side of the road and waited.

Traujas walked through woods silently, his tomahawk held in front of him and his small wooden buckler by his side. He wore a chest plate of hardened wood and wooden bucklers on his arms. It was his turn, today, to leave the village and find berries and fruits for supper, so a bag was slung over his shoulder as well.

The humans knew the Orcs were in the woods, preying on them daily. He knew it was little more than a death sentence, or worse, to be picked for gathering duty. The Orcs weren't even the worst of his worries, in reality. There were Dragonmen, Insectids, and Centaur as well, always waiting for an opportunity to snag a new slave for their own villages. But without food, the village would starve, so Traujas did his duty and traversed the woods.

He didn't get far, though, when he heard something move in the bushes to his right. He turned, raised his tomahawk and stopped, waiting in freight for whatever might emerge. But it didn't.

Khrel'thull moved just enough for the human to hear him. He watched as Naer leapt from the bushes across from him, striking the human hard in the back of the head with his meaty fist. Khrel'thull emerged and looked over the man. Not a woman, but he'd still do. Naer tied the length of rope around the human's wrists and threw him over his shoulder, leaving the road empty but for an empty sack on the ground.

The two orcs carried their prize into the woods. Later they'd return to the Orc encampment with him, but for now they had other business to attend to. Through the woods, they entered a cave, hollowed out of a large rock by years of the river passing under it. The ground was covered in a pool of cold water, about a foot deep, but neither of the Orcs minded. It would feel good on their bare, cracked feet, but not so good on Traujas when they dropped him to the cave floor.

Traujas woke suddenly as he was submerged in ice cold water, lying on the cave floor. He winced as something grabbed his dark brown hair and dragged him out of the water. He blinked water out of his eyes and looked up to a hairy, dark colored creature looking down at him. Being held up, he caught his feet under him, able to kneel in the water. His hands were tied hard behind his back, the ropes cutting into his wrists. He was aware of another Orc behind him, the one who's hand was holding his hair.

"Braush ta, Morkhak!" the beast yelled something at him and when he failed to comply to whatever the order was, hit him hard across the face.

Suddenly he felt his head being forced forward, the huge Orc cock dangling in front of his face. A big, meaty palm came down and held his jaw, forcing it open while, at the same time, the other hand went to the already large, if still limp, dick and started sliding it into Traujas' mouth.

At first it almost didn't fit, but the hand pulled down on his jaw and forced the cock into his mouth. It was slimy and warm, filling his mouth completely. Traujas tried to open his eyes, but his face was pressed to the Orc's belly. The Orc behind him was moving his head so as to bob it up and down on the cock, forcing him to suck on it. A warm, sour fluid was constantly leaking into his mouth, making the inside of his mouth and throat slick.

The Orc's cock was slowly getting hard and long, filling his mouth and sliding into the back of his throat. He felt the Orc's leathery balls on his chin and the cock pressing against the back of his throat. He gagged and fought to hold back the urge to vomit, knowing he might well choke on it if he did.

Now the other Orc was hauling his hips out of the water. He was resistant, but there was nothing he could do. He felt his butt cheeks being apart and something hard touched his asshole, the same fluid dribbling onto his tight pucker. He grunted as the Orc began shoving his already hard cock into his tight butt, forcing his hole wider and wider.

He would scream, if the cock in his mouth wasn't busy pumping in and out. His head was being forced forward and backwards on the cock and it was all he could do to breath. At the same time, the other cock was stuffed up his virgin asshole, fluid running down his legs and his own cock. It was odd, the Orc behind him had reached forward and was fondling his cock and balls, which were slowly becoming hard.

The hand was wrapped around his cock, stroking it slowly until it was stiff, his own precum dribbling on to the cave floor. His asshole was raw and his jaw was sore. His head was pulled forward hard now and he felt a sharp pain as his mouth was flooded with viscous, thick cum. He could not pull away and tried to wait, but could not, and was forced to start swallowing the huge load.

At about the same time, the cock in his ass was forced deep and he screamed out loud, cock down his throat or not, as the cum was shot like a hose into his rectum. He felt it ooze out of his now raw, loose hole and mix with the cave water. The hand on his cock was stroking hard and he himself sprayed his, comparatively, miniscule load of cum onto the floor. He dropped into the water and cum, exhausted from being used and in pain. The two Orcs waited a moment as well, taking a rest and laughing amongst themselves. He lay in the water, tears streaking his face.

Khrel'thull and Naer laughed, each of their cocks still hard, for Orcs could go many times. Now it was customary that two Orcs who share a human should purify themselves. Naer found himself on his knees, his huge, Orcy mouth open and his rough, black tongue held out. He waited patiently as Khrel'thull palmed his cock, getting himself harder and ready before he slid it into the other Orc's mouth. Naer closed his lips around the big cock and bobbed his head, tasting the warms of Khrel'thull's sebum, the natural lubricant.

Khrel'thull reached down and put his hand on Naer's cock, stroking it into full hardness. He moaned and bucked his hips slightly, letting Naer making his own way on the elder Orc's cock. It wasn't long before Khrel'thull unleashed his cum into Naer's patient mouth or before Naer himself came all over Khrel'thull's legs and hand. The two Orcs laughed with each other again and patted each other on the back, licking their hands clean.

The human hadn't even noticed. He'd been wallowing in his own self-pity while the two had purified. Now Naer lifted the feeble man-thing onto his shoulder and they made their way back to the Orc camp, where many more nights of the same ordeal would be in store for the human. It was going to be a bountiful season for the Orcs if things continued as this.