 This is my first story. Please let me know what you think and if I should continue. I've read ton of stories over the years and felt it was payback time! My hat's off to all the authors on this site. I'm learning this takes time to do well! 

..............................................


After my Friday night ordeal with Huan and then his younger brother, Tan, I was a bit of a wreck. My roommate, Alex had just given me an odd look when I came in, relatively disheveled, but thankfully was too engrossed in the game on TV to say anything. 

Once I got behind my locked bedroom door, I fell face down on my bed. After a few minutes, my heart calmed down from the adrenaline rush of having to get beyond Alex and I rolled over and kicked off my running shoes. My mind was in constant playback mode seemingly going frame by frame through the events of the evening. Without thinking, I pulled off each of my socks and then my sweats. My dick had already spewed enough for two days in a few hours and my balls were numb. What did it all mean I wanted to know? I wasn't sure whether to be infuriated or turned on beyond belief.

I found my left hand reaching to my twitching ass and feeling what Tan had left there. For a moment, I was afraid—how could I have let that young punk fuck me raw? Then I remembered a comment he had made, "I always sheathe for the girls," and realized that in a unique way, he was truly marking me. 

My eyes could still look up at his tight abs and powerful waist. That kid was built for fucking—something I could never deny. I had meant to take a hot shower and try to wash the smell of sex off my exhausted body but I was just too worn out. Naked now below the waist, I simply turned off my light and fell into a very deep sleep punctuated by intense dreams of Tan and his brother.

At 10:00 a.m., the smell of coffee coupled with blinding sun light tore me from my slumber. Thank God, Alex had made coffee. I needed to clear my head not sure of my memory or ability to have any sense of reality at that moment. I almost went out as I was then realized how I appeared. I had a "just fucked" look, hair a mess, my own dried spunk crusted on my stomach and a sticky feeling in my ass. Damn, did I ever need a shower! 

The hot water felt soothing as it washed over me. But there was no way that it could remove the reality that was staring at me. My pubes had been trimmed, legs, chest and ass shaved smooth, and my pits....I'd definitely be wearing a t-shirt around the house! I couldn't help but run a finger in my ass. Surprisingly, it had bounced back. There wasn't any discernable damage from the energetic fucking Tan had given me. I shuddered at the thought as my dick betrayed me getting hard at the memory. 

I had fought and denied it for so long—and ended up being turned out not by another man—but by a slim, Vietnamese kid. It was both sexy and humiliating as hell. By now, the water was only lukewarm. I couldn't put off the day any longer so I dried off and got dressed in a pair of tight jeans and a red golf shirt. Feeling reasonable again, I headed for that coffee. 

Alex was reading the paper in our small dining area and smiled when he saw me. "Dude, what happened to you last night? Did you finally get laid?" he chortled. I should have expected it, but initially felt as if I were a deer caught in the headlights. "Nah," I responded, "I had a few too many beers with friends from work and just stumbled home." Now Alex knew I didn't drink that much so this part was plausible, but he also knew I'd never drink and drive. "How'd you get home?" he asked. Thinking fast, I said, "Somebody drove my car while their friends followed us in theirs." Alex still didn't seem convinced but left it alone for the time being and left me get some coffee! Thankfully, he had plans to meet up with some friends which left me time alone in the apartment to try and get my head together!

Seemingly minutes after he left my cell phone rang. I didn't recognize the number but picked up on it anyway. It was Tan. "Hey Mattie," he chirped, "I thought I better call and see how you're feeling today."

My heart skipped when I heard his voice. I was filled with an intense sense of yearning for my young Vietnamese stud while at the same time feeling a sense of dread and fear of what he might want from me. "Oh hi, Tan," I replied. "I'm doing ok. I'm still trying to understand all that happened last night." "That's what my brother thought you might say," Tan responded. "He thought you'd be all analytical and shit instead of just accepting yourself as you really are and your new position in life." 

Tan's last few words sounded ominous to me, my "new position in life." The line went quiet as I sought to absorb the meaning of his words. Not wanting me to have time to figure a way out and seeking to exert his dominance over me, Tan quickly said, "by the way, I'm outside your apartment about to knock on your door. I hope you're ready for company." 

Before I could respond, the line went dead and the doorbell rang. What could I do? Pretend I wasn't home? Nah, Tan knew my car was out front and it would only be postponing the inevitable. My ass seemed to twitch as I moved towards the door. Tan was there all right, with a smirk on his handsome face. He pushed right on past me before I could try and keep him outside. 

"Nice place, Babe" he said. My face went red at the connotations of the young Vietnamese' words. Tan laughed at my response. "Don't worry, I saw your roommate leaving as I was walking up the street. Did you tell him about last night?" he asked? "NO!" I shouted, louder than I meant to. At that, Tan tripped me and I fell back on my ass. Gazing down on me he said, "Don't you ever use that tone with me again, boy, do you understand?"

I was stunned and tongue-tied until he put his left foot on my chest and repeated, "I said, DO YOU UNDERSTAND!" Without even thinking I said, "Yes Sir, I understand. I won't do it again!" 

Tan, had that look of triumph just as he had last night when he first penetrated me. Reinforcing the nature of our relationship he said, "That's a good boy! I know this is all new to you and it will take time for you to understand yourself but that's no excuse to be rude to me. Remember, you begged me to fuck you. What I did last night was a favor for you. You'll be a lot happier if you remember that!" 

My face felt hot and flushed as his words washed over me. I felt my dick harden as the shame of it all sunk in. Damn, why was I reacting this way? Why did his words make me so hard? But yes, I had begged for it and had undeniably loved every inch of my young stud's dick as it penetrated me. 

Tan could see my mind working and he reached down and hefted his family's jewels. "I bet you want more of this, don't you, white boy!" He laughed. "You can't get enough of this, can you!" he said as he watched my tongue lick my lips! 

Tan, with a cockiness to his walk, ambled over to our couch, sat down and slouched forward and then said, "Boy, you have five seconds to be on your knees in front of me. Move it NOW," he bellowed.

Without thinking, as if my life depended on it, I jumped up off the floor and scrambled to where he was pointing. 

"What's wrong with this picture?" he asked. I was confused, I had thought I'd done just as he directed. "Boy, you got to be naked in my presence—now loose the clothes" he ordered. "But what if my roommate walks in?" I whined. 

"You just don't get it, do you," Tan responded. "I'm the man here and you're the boy. If you want this you'll need to be naked. Look I'm getting tired of this. I came over because Huan said you'd probably be in withdrawal by now and needing an injection so I came by as a gesture of sympathy! Now either you lose the clothes or I'm out of here!" 

Any hesitancy I had was out the window at that point. I was deathly afraid of Alex walking in but even more afraid of losing Tan! I stripped off my shorts and T-shirt in nanno seconds and was almost immediately between Tan's knees yearning for a taste of his magical dick. 

"Now take it out, Mattie," Tan ordered. My hands trembled as I reached for his belt. I unclasped it and then opened the button before lowering the zipper on his blue jeans. Tan's underwear was tenting a bit as I deftly reached into his boxers and brought his monster into the light. "You want it bad don't you, boy," he said. 

There was no use denying it so I simply said, "Yes, Sir." "Good boy," Tan replied. "You're finally being honest with me. Now put your hands down, lean forward, and show me how much you've missed your Master since last night!" 

"Master!" That was the word Huan had used and now Tan was throwing it in my face again. But before I could even process its meaning, my tongue had touched the velvety head and gotten the first taste of his pungent pre-cum. The sensation went right to my dick that hardened almost instantly. 

Almost instinctively I went to grab it when Tan leaned forward and knocked my hands away. "You're on your knees in front of a real man with your lips locked around his dick. You need to learn that your pleasure comes from my pleasure and not from your hands. You can come from either stimulating me with your mouth or your ass but you'll keep your hands off your clit unless I tell you! Do you understand?" 

With my mouth now halfway down his ample shaft, all I could do was gaze up into his determined face and mumble, "Yes Sir." "That's much better," Tan said, with a very smug and self-satisfied look on his face as he leaned back into the couch fully clothed while I, naked as a jay bird, slurped on his strapping dick. 

Damn did it taste good! I felt as if I were in a trance, mesmerized by those rich, thick pubes and the smell he exuded. Then, Tan grasped the back of my head and yanked me all the way down on his cock. "Yeah, boy, that's much better. Open your throat for me. Make love to your Master's hard cock. Show me how much you appreciate what I'm doing as a favor for you!" he said. At this, my eyes watered and I couldn't help gagging as his thick head hit the back of my throat. Damn this Asian boy seemed huge. Well, next to me, his dick was that of a King. 

Later I saw a new penis survey demonstrating the average size of a white guys dick to be 6.4" long and about 5" in circumference. I was humiliated by that study, as I was, at most 5.8" long — even though almost average in circumference. Yet, here was a 16-year old Asian stud with at least seven thick inches rammed deep in my throat, his hands holding me tight as he said, "Don't you dare spit this out. Babe, you better get used to this deep in your throat because that's where it's going to be docking from here on out. This dick was made for your throat and pussy, so get used to it and learn to love it! I come a lot and need to come often—you're going to love it!" 

As my tongue and throat made love to Tan's weapon, my mind seemed to settle down as my entire focus was on making him happy. Boy did he have stamina. I must have been on my knees for 30 minutes before Tan locked his legs around my head, cementing me on his dick as he spurted a massive load deep into my throat. My senses were again overloaded and my dick shot off onto the side of the couch.

Putting his legs back on the floor, Tan looked down and saw my spunk. He laughed and said, "I wonder what your roommate would say if he saw you now, naked before me having just shot a load from your clit as you sucked my dick!" I think he saw the panic his words inspired as he ordered me, "Don't you back off until you clean off every drop! Then make sure you lick your shit off the couch."

I did as ordered just as I had last night. Again, his cum seemed thick and robust compared to mine. Tan grabbed my left hand and said, "You better wipe off your dick and lick your finger clean. We don't want you to spot up your panties, do we!" 

Damn! I had forgotten about the panties that were in my bathroom. At that, Tan shoved me back on the floor and glared down on me. "Look, you did okay. Next time I don't want you to hesitate when I'm here. I won't intentionally out you to your roommate but you better figure a way of dealing with yourself because I expect you to service me whenever I call. Do you understand?" 

Gazing up at his determined face and well aware of what I had just done for him and my own physical reaction to it, I simply nodded my head affirmatively. 

My reaction pleased my young master who patted my head affectionately. He pulled my head back into his crotch and massaged my scalp while lying back on the cushions enjoying his afterglow. 

Meanwhile, I was enjoying his pheromones—the sexy odor his cock and balls put off after his come. It was such a natural, comforting position for me as if I gained peace through my service of this young, asian bull!

The next thing I knew was Tan jumping up. The cell phone in his pocket just buzzed and he said, "Damn, I got to go—my Dad has some things around the house he expects me to do this afternoon." As I sat on the floor, naked looking up at him, he quickly zipped his shorts and then put his foot on my chest. "Don't worry, Baby," he said to me. "Daddy will be back later to fuck his princess!" 

With that, my cock jerked involuntarily. Tan laughed and said, "But don't you dare jerk off....if you want this" he said as he hefted his now clothed but still very ample cock and balls! 

He was out the door in a flash. I looked up at the clock and saw it was already 11:00 a.m. Damn, Alex could be back any minute. I got up and ran to my room, quickly locking the door behind me. It seemed like only seconds and I heard Alex opening the front door. It was then I realized my clothes were still lying on the floor where I had stripped off in front of my Master. Darn, did I just say that word to myself? Now what was I going to do?