 It all ended so fast. While I was easing into the afterglow of the second great fuck of my life, Huan, who was getting off on his brother's fucking me, pointed his cock down and then came all over my face before ordering me to clean him off. As he stuffed his now only semi-engorged cock back into his pants, Tan pulled his softening cock out of my ass. The resounding plop reminded me of a bottle of wine being uncorked. 

I felt a sense of sadness as he departed from me. The peace I momentarily had from being in my natural place was gone and the uncertainty of all that was happening so fast in my life returned with a vengeance. This time, neither Tan nor Huan took the time to assuage me or reinforce their training. They seemed to believe the die had been set and there was no turning back.

Once Tan had wiped his juicy dick on my pale chest almost as if sliming me by an "X", he, too was quickly dressed and ready to join his brother at the door. Before leaving, he turned back to me, still lying on the floor and said, "It was real good, boy!" I'm very pleased with your progress and your obedience. Tomorrow is Sunday and in my family, that means I have to stay home but don't worry, I'll make sure to see you by Tuesday at the latest." With that, the two boys were out the door. 

The evening was still early but I was totally spent. There's no way any person can have such an intense sexual experience without needing rest. Remembering my near miss with Alex earlier in the day, I carefully scooped up my clothes and ran them into my room. 

Still naked, I came back, grabbed some paper towels from the kitchen, then wiped up some of the splooge and cum that marked the area in front of the couch. It would probably have dried into a flaky residue before Alex returned, but I couldn't take a chance nor wanted to have to think up an explanation. I'd already stressed my last creative nerve for the day and needed to be alone to think and to try to figure just where this was all leading me.

After a long, hot shower during which I gingerly washed my ass, my mind was still processing. I couldn't get the feeling of Tan's long, smooth dick plowing in and out of my ass or, as he calls it, "his pussy" out of my mind. I remembered the saying, "once you go black there's no turning back" and begin to equate the same to the two olive, Vietnamese cylinders that had so adroitly and seemingly completely in only the past few days totally changed my outlook on life. I think my mind was in overload so doing what came naturally, I pulled back my covers and went immediately to sleep.

Alex returned with his girlfriend around 9:30 p.m. I was in a deep slumber by then which must have seemed a bit strange. 

Thankfully, I was out of bed at my normal time Sunday morning giving a veneer of normalcy to my life. This time, I made the coffee. Alex had taught me to make it pretty thick using an espresso grind. The aroma simply couldn't be beat. The rich scent seemed to be able to wake the dead and soon Alex stumbled out into the kitchen still half asleep wanting a mug.

I don't think I had ever really noticed how hot he was until that morning. His morning wood had gone down slightly but was still prominent in his flimsy briefs. His chest was sculpted and magnificent, covered with a light spray of golden hair. I couldn't help but stare at him practically drooling in lust. It was as if his scent had intoxicated me. 

A sudden urge to drop to my knees in front of him almost took hold of me. I had to grip the table to stop from moving to the floor. 

Alex, now awake from his third sip of coffee, looked at me strangely. Thank God, the table covered my erection, small as it was. Unlike Tan, Alex is taller than me and worked out enough to damage me. 

"Matt, you sure have been acting different the past few days. If I hadn't been around you more, I'd think you were wanting some of this," he said as he hefted his package jokingly. 

I Reacted quickly to his good natured teasing not wanting him to realize he had hit the jackpot by saying, "You're only saying that because you didn't get any last night!"

Alex looked down, sheepishly, "Yep, she was on the rag last night and was in a bitchy mood so Alex Junior had a night off. He doesn't like too much free time though or he gets restless," Alex added. "Well, at least I can go to Mass this morning, for once, without feeling guilty," he continued, laughing.

Thank goodness, he meandered back towards his room because there was no way I could stand up at that moment. Damn that Alex Junior. I wanted to meet him and see if I could help him out! But what if Alex Senior didn't like the idea and wanted to beat me to a pulp? That possibility wilted any thoughts Matthew Junior had on Sunday morning. 

Sunday passed all too quickly. I had all the usual things to do like laundry and cleaning my room. I did the latter with a bit more urgency just in case Tan ever decided to want time on my bed. My sheets definitely needed attention and absorbed all the fabric softener I added to the rinse cycle in the building's laundry.

Monday morning dawned and it was sunny and nice but still a bit cool. Alex and I drank our coffee in silence while both wolfing down bowls of cereal. I got to work on time and soon was at my computer nestled in my cubical. 

Around 9:00 a.m., Sarah stuck her head in. "Good morning, Matt?" She said, brightly. "Do anything exciting over the weekend?" 

Did she know something, I wondered, my face getting red at the memory of Saturday afternoon. "No," I quickly sputtered, "I went to the park for a while and then had a quiet day at home." 

Oh, she said, "I thought I saw Huan and his little brother leaving your place. Did they stop by?" 

I thought, OMG, how did she know?!!! "Ah, yes" I responded. "Huan wanted to see how I was progressing and Tan, his younger brother was with him when he was in my neighborhood." 

"Wow, what a professional! Aren't you glad I sent you to him for help" Sarah said. 

"You have no idea," I responded before thinking of the meaning those simple words could contain.

Sarah looked at me with a rather queer expression before rushing on to drop something off with a nearby co-worker. Meanwhile, I slapped my head thinking, I really have to get a grip before I alert the staff busy-bodies who'd have a field-day with all of this.

Chapter Five will be submitted (again)tonight!