 I've been horny since I was eleven. Once I discovered the joys of masturbation I never let a day go by without jerking off at least twice. I had thought about fucking since shortly after my self-discovery. I intuitively knew that my dick was made for pussy. If it felt so heavy and powerful in my hands just think what it would feel like sliding in and out of a girl's cunt! Sure, my right hand was great but it was just a temporary measure until I could get the real thing.

I bet some of you are stupidly snickering about now, thinking what Vietnamese guys are as tough as you. I know I'm shorter than the average American, but I am no weakling. My dad made Huan and I go to karate school and I excelled even more than he did. I may not have looked like much, but I was tough and a scrapper that most guys quickly learned not to fuck with. I was on my high school's wrestling team but enjoyed my finer moments playing soccer. 

I have more abs than I deserve and walk with a swagger in and out of the school showers. It was fun seeing guys stare at my cock—yep those big white boys who thought they were hot shit were always shocked to see what was hiding under my towel. Seven inches is larger than average and I know some were bigger than I but on my body, it looked huge. There must have been some intermarriage in my family's past but neither Huan nor I were complaining. We were far ahead of most in the dick department and I intended to use mine to achieve great personal pleasure.

The reason I got involved with Matt was because my Dad caught me fucking around with a white girl from school. Yep, I've always liked white meat and this girl got me hot. She was turned on when she got a glimpse of my dick when she caught sight of me goofing off with the guys in the gym. One of the guys had pulled down my shorts for a laugh not knowing any girls were around. Of course, I got the last laugh as his girlfriend was the one who happened by and saw my glory hanging out there—looking immense jutting out from my relatively lithe but extremely taut body. 

She made a point of flirting with me whenever he wasn't around. Finally, I was able to invite her to stop by after school with the pretense that I'd "help" her with some sticky math problems from our trig class. Thinking the storage shed would be a safe bet for what I had in mind, I had easily relieved her of her blouse and had gotten hot feeling her smooth, white tits. My olive skin felt so hot next to hers. She was quickly moaning and I wasted no time slipping on a condom and getting my first taste of girl-pussy. 

Unfortunately, I had just started plugging her cunt, savoring the feeling of no-hands sex, when Dad opened the door of the storage shed, screamed at me in Vietnamese and gave me 30 seconds to be off her, dressed and out of the shed. Sheila, the skanky white girl was scared out of her wits and was dressed and out of there before I could slip on my shoes. Still, she told a few of her friends about my monster cock—well, it seemed big to her—which didn't harm my reputation at all. 

Dad told me if he ever caught me again, he'd whip me on the spot and I believed him. The problem was my family. Dad and Mom are very religious and made me promise not to screw around again. But having had a sample, all I could think of was getting more.

Huan stayed outside the fray until later. He thought it was funny which pissed me off. Just because he was 20 and the oldest son, he seemed to have the freedom and latitude to screw whenever he liked—and while he was discrete, there was no denying that he had taken more than his fair share of pussy. It was shortly after all this went down that Huan told me he had an idea. He told me about this white guy a hot chick had referred to him. He was amazed at the guy's sexual reaction to a massage and found himself getting off on the idea of turning him out. He even told me of what he had done during that first appointment. 

I could relate to what he was saying. I was tired of the superior attitude many of the white guys I knew had toward Asians. They had the false impressive that we were all gentle and weak. Somewhere along the line, they had forgotten that many held deep inside themselves the warrior ethos of the great Kahn of China, the Japanese Samurai and even the Vietnamese. Hell, my compatriots had fought off the French and then the Americans despite their superior arms. We may be smaller in stature but we were definitely NOT weak.

I loved America but still resented the attitude of rednecks and others who were, in my book, stupid fools. So, when Huan mentioned how this white guy seemed to be a submissive and what that meant, I have to admit, it got me excited. The idea of dominating a white guy got me hard. I knew he wasn't a girl but followed the logic that my fucking this guy, if it ever got to that point, wouldn't make me gay—but rather him. I guess I related to the Arab logic that active sex was okay but passive with another male was definitely a no-no. 

Walking in on Huan and Matt that night was a real turn-on. I felt so manly and strong thinking that I could have my way with this older, taller and heavier white guy. Shaving him smooth was a bit kinky but only added to the effect. Frankly, shaved he reminded me of a little boy and when he was on his stomach, his ass was a real turn-on. I could easily imagine that it was a girl's especially after landing a few smacks on each cheek to redden them up. When he whimpered it only made my dick harder. I couldn't believe the power I felt as I stood over him. Why he didn't stand up to me I couldn't figure out—but that he didn't only made me want to dominate him all the more. 

I think my brother was even more surprised at the turn of events than I. We thought I could get a blowjob out of him but neither of us really thought Matt would turn so easily. I guess there was some psychology to it. We practiced the carrot and stick as we praised his submission and punished his reluctance. The way forward was determined when Matt's lips locked onto my superior weapon. 

How can I explain what I felt as I looked down at this fair-skinned man sucking my cock? When I grabbed his head with both hands and impaled him, I almost shot as I heard him gag. The feeling of power I had went straight to my dick and felt almost as incredible as his tongue and throat. 

When he quit resisting, I knew I had him. This was going to be more than a one-time blowjob. No, Matt boy was going to be my personal cocksucker. My mind was working overtime thinking about all this could mean. I never thought about it as being "gay" but instead, a means to save me from having to jerk off through the service of this male pussy boy! 

As I injected him with my scalding hot cum and saw him savor it with his tongue as if eating chocolate I was over the moon. Hell, what normal guy would let me punk him unless he really wanted it! I just knew that I needed to say the right thing to smooth out our future so there wouldn't be any resistance on his part. Therefore, after a few kind words and a pat on the head he was mine. But my dick wanted more. It wanted to feel what my Dad had denied, the completion of a fuck—to cum inside another person—to breed! Yeah, I wanted to breed and Matt was going to be my bitch for the event. 

I know I told him a bunch of shit—and I had fucked "a" girl but got off on making him think I had even more experience. And compared to him, I did! LOL! Shit, seeing his little pecker get hard as he looked up at mine made me feel all the more the "MAN!" And this man's little man wanted more—he wanted to fuck!

I don't think I felt anything for him as a person. He was, at least initially, simply a tool for my pleasure. It just made things easier for all concerned that he got off on MY pleasure! I made him call me "Master" when his lips first met my cock. Hell, I felt like his Master the first time I shoved my cock down his throat and heard him gag. In a way, I wanted to laugh but then I didn't want to ruin a good thing. But seeing his eyes water as I held him onto my cock just made me feel like a king or at least an up and coming prince dominating one of his subjects. I didn't feel "gay" but simply like a man taking what I wanted and at that moment it was this 25 year old who had a smooth, white ass waiting for me to fuck.

Getting Matt ready was easy although I must admit that I was initially repulsed by the idea of touching his ass. But once I started referring to it as a pussy, mentally at least, it became easy. Plus, Matt must have prepared himself for the evening—perhaps he wanted it more than even he realized.

I wanted his posture to be like a woman's for two reasons, it reinforced the nature of our relationship—I was the MAN and he was not, and I wanted to see his eyes as I took his virginity. After already flooding his mouth with my cum my dick was ready to flood his ass. I told him it was "my" pussy and smacked away his hand from his dick or, as I termed it, his clit, because I was afraid if he came, he'd no longer willingly submit. Remember, he was a bigger guy and having him willingly under me would make things far easier in the long run. There was also the psychological benefit of being physically on top. Most men fuck women in the missionary position and while I knew I'd enjoy having Matt ride me, I intended on getting the first ride if you follow my drift. 

I did put some lube Huan had around the rim of Matt's pussy before washing off my hands. Then I pried his legs apart and without touching his butt, rubbed my cock up and down his pussy lips. I could feel them throbbing, almost begging me to enter. I think I showed amazing restraint not to have rammed him then and there! Damn, it was so tempting. But again, reason helped me have enough control to wait long enough to make Matt beg for it. Hell, if he asked me to fuck him, I'd only be doing him a favor, right?! Plus, it was a further act of my dominance to hear him ask little me to take his virginity. Can you imagine what that was like for me? 

Taking someone's virginity is always special—at least that's what I've been told and would soon learn from experience. However, getting Matt to realize he would never be a fucker but only a fuckee and because of I would be his one and only "first" made my cock harder than it has ever been. It was so hard it was slapping my stomach. Frankly, it must have looked obscene to Matt as I made him stare at it before once again rubbing his pussy lips with my dick-head. 

The wait for both of us was coming to an end. Once he begged, there was no turning back. I didn't want to hurt him lest he come to his senses and stand up to me. I hadn't restrained him, only mentally pussy-whipped him and "helped" him to see his "natural" state in life—under a real man—under ME! So, I lined my now overly engorged head up with his opening and pushed forward. 

The feeling was incredible—even better than when I slipped it to that skank, Sheila. Matt's eyes bulged as my dick slowly went all the way in. I held still, my pubes rubbing where his once had been. I could feel my dick pulsing, demonstrating its virility and mastery over this now cuckold of a man.

When Matt went to stroke his semi-hard clit, I smacked it away. I was long-dicking him now and enjoying his fine ass. No way was he to cum before I had marked my territory and bred him. It was at this point I leaned forward and surprised both of us by spearing his mouth with my tongue. His clit was rubbing against my stomach as I tongue fucked him. Meanwhile his legs were locked around the small of my back almost as if he were afraid I'd pull out. 

Being that I am shorter than he, I had to push back and release myself from his now almost bruised lips. Yep, I had chewed on them making him moan as I exerted my power over him. 

My hips were now slapping against his sweet ass. I think the vigor of the fuck was bruising his inner thighs. But that was his problem—he was now mentally and physically only in a position to serve me. At some point, I think he mentally accepted that. The tenseness in his face seemed to relax as he gave in to my fuck.

The steady slap, slap sound must have reverberated in that small room for 20 minutes before Matt's clit stiffened and began shooting first hitting his face before dribbling onto his stomach. Seeing him cum solely from my dick rammed deep in his ass was a moment I'll never forget. I felt as if I had completely triumphed over a foe. It pushed me over the edge and I shoved my dick so deep in his now bruised pussy that I thought it would come out his mouth! I couldn't help myself as I howled like a vanquished warrior. 

Matt's mouth was open as if in shock. I mean who would have believed a Vietnamese kid could have taken his virginity the first night with so much ease and in as complete a manner. 

Even though my dick was sensitive, I wasn't ready for it to be over but slowly continued the fuck made all the more easier by my massive cum deep in his ass. Maybe there was enough to make him pregnant after all! While lazily enjoying my domination of Matt and the orgasm it caused, I took my fingers and touched Matt's cum and then placed them in his mouth in essence proving once again my power over him. 

Most guys are repulsed by cum and I doubt Matt really enjoyed tasting his own—hell, it would never be as good as mine. But he was in no position to refuse. My dick was still in his ass and he had cum solely from the wonderful prostrate massage I'd given him, per his request. Now it was his duty to clean up his mess. 

When that was done, I pulled out. The plop was audible to us both. He put his hand back there and felt what was once a tight, virgin opening but was now a wide-open and very broken in pussy. The picture of his realization was priceless. I had taken a few during the fuck and I took one last one to capture the look on his face. I'm not sure if he even saw the flash or previous ones so deep had he been into it. But it was beautiful -- my huge dick deep in his pussy; his face and my anonymity. There were potentialities for the future, wherever that would take us.

I told him to lick my dick clean. Yeah, it was a nasty thing to do—but thankfully, his ass had been very clean as if he had taken and enema beforehand. I had crawled up and placed it on his tongue. As he licked me clean practically drooling over my cock, I touched his face signaling him to look up. "Pussy boy," I said, expect to hear from me over the weekend. Before you leave, I want your address and cell phone number. Your mouth and ass now belong to me and have no fear, I will use them again and soon. With my dick in his mouth, all Matt could do was nod in acknowledgement. 

I'm sure I'm leaving some things out—but since I had ordered Matt to try and explain his side of the story, I felt you should hear mine, too. I'll pump him a few more times with my seed just to reinforce his position before I return with some more thoughts! Later! Tan.