 I offer my most sincere apologies for dropping this story eight months ago! I've been incredibly busy with work but it's never far from my mind. Note: all persons in this story are the legal age or older. This is totally a product of my imagination! Hope to hear from you all! 

---------------------------------------------

Two loads of fresh, Vietnamese cum were deep in my ass as I rushed to my car, squeezing my cheeks together, afraid of the seepage that was bound to happen. Having swallowed both their loads directly from the source and almost drowned from the massive quantity their large, seemingly oversized testicles produced, I was well-aware that I had no time to waste before the true purpose of my "rough" appointment would be obvious for anyone seeing my backside. My mind was concentrating on getting to the car and I didn't realize that Sara was walking down the street towards me. "Matt," she yelled, or so it seemed, making me jump in surprise. "Where are you going in such a hurry and why do you look so tense? Didn't you just have a massage" she asked. 

"Oh, yeah," I responded. "I'm just in a hurry to get home. I promised to pick up the living room and do the dishes before Alex's girlfriend comes by," I lied. 

"Why doesn't he do it," she responded. "I mean, really, Matt, it's not like you're married and playing the role of wife! He should be able to pick up after himself!" 

I didn't know what to say, or how to respond. Lately, I did find myself doing more around the condo than I used to. It seemed almost natural for me to take care of things and as decent a guy as Alex was, he certainly was not complaining that I had eased into taking on more of the domestic chores. While I tried to get my head around what this might mean, I was brought back to reality by two things: the cum seeping out of my ass and beginning to run down my leg and Sara's concentrated stare as if she was trying to figure something out. Clearly, I was close to losing it, one way or another. 

The phrase, "saved by the bell" could have been more appropriate as the next thing I knew, Sara glanced at her watch and said, "Matt, I'm running late for dinner. I'm meeting David from the office. He's a man's, man. Maybe he can give you some tips on how to make things more level with Alex! Catch you tomorrow!"

If she only knew, I thought. I could only pray she didn't bring my situation up over dinner -- it would give Dave that much more insight into my situation!

As she turned to go down the street, I eased myself away, trying desperately to look natural as I turned to face her. It was only as she was about 20 steps away that I started walking backwards and then turned to dash the remaining distance to my car. By this point, I could tell my underwear were soaked and expected that there had to be a visible spot on my shorts as well. I mean, Huan and Tan had impregnated me with enough sperm to father twenty children – it just had to be showing! 

I eased myself into the driver's seat and felt the stickiness of my backside. The heat of my car only seemed to speed the drying process but regardless, I could smell their cum as it slowly exited my pussy. There wasn't much I could do about it this time but I made a mental note to keep a towel in my car for future "emergencies!"

As I drove home, my mind was working overtime wondering how I was going to get from the car to my room and by Alex. He already suspects something's up with me, like Dave at work, I certainly didn't need to give him any more ammunition or cause for suspicion. As I pulled into my parking spot, I had an idea. I had a can of now very warm soda which I shook as I got out of the car after looking in both directions to make sure I wasn't been observed. Naturally, when I pulled the tab, it went everywhere, especially on my shirt. I dropped it in the yard as I opened the front door. Alex was on the couch as I ran to my room trying not to drip on anything. 

"What the hell did you do?" he yelled after me. 

"I opened a can of soda and it exploded all over me," I yelled back to him as I quickly stripped out of my clothes and dashed to the safety of the bathroom. I turned on the water for the shower and couldn't help but reach back to my rather sore pussy lips. I stuck my finger in and scooped out a load of Asian jism. Almost without thinking, I brought my slimy finger to my nose and inhaled the rich aroma of the two, hot studs that had, only 20 minutes before, bred me. Their still-fresh cream was intoxicating and soon was on my tongue as I licked my fingers clean just as I had their cocks once they both had had their way with me. 

Realizing the water wouldn't last forever, I jumped in the shower and carefully washed myself clean paying particular attention to my clit and pussy. I dried off, gingerly, wrapped the towel around myself and grabbed my discarded underwear, shorts and shirt. Again, I couldn't help myself from sniffing my own underwear and licking the cum that had collected not sure whether it was Tan's or Huan's or a mixture of both. What was happening to me, I wondered? Whatever concerns or hesitation I had, didn't preclude me from licking my shorts clean! 

I threw my now very dirty clothes in the hamper and put on some fresh ones before going out to the living room where Alex was watching a soccer match. I sat down next to him and couldn't help notice the contrast between our bodies. He had a Mediterranean complexion – near olive skin and hairy legs and I was, by comparison, pale and hairless. I never had that much hair to begin with but I felt so thrown off by how different we now appeared. 

As if he read my mind, Alex looked down at our legs and said, "Gosh, Matt, your legs look smoother than my girlfriend's! I don't think I've ever noticed them before. I bet from the back and from the ass down you'd easily confuse any guy that's had a drink or two!" 

I was speechless and couldn't think of anything to say as a comeback. Also, I was too afraid that if I stood up and walked away his eyes would look at my back side and confirm what his lips had just uttered. Still, my face betrayed my humiliation as it turned beet red. Alex, sensing my embarrassment, put his arm around my more slim shoulders as if to comfort me and said, "I didn't mean to make you feel awkward, Matt, it's just that next to me you look more like a teenage boy. I bet even that Vietnamese kid has more hair than you!"

What could I say in response, "yeah, Alex, whatever little bit of hair I did have, he shaved off." 

Thankfully, my cell phone rang and I jumped off the couch to get it from my room. As I did, Alex pinched me, whistled and called out, "Hot ass, Babe!" before bursting into laughter at my expense. He had never been this way having always in the past treated me as an equal, not like a female substitute.

Before I could think about it, the insistence of the phone pushed me and I grabbed it and answered without checking to see who was calling. It was Tan. He insisted on stopping by for a brief "cultural" exchange. I told him Alex was home and he responded, "As long as you don't scream like a bitch when I mount you, he won't need to know what we're doing in your room! All I can suggest is that you think of something quick cause I'm about to ring your door!" 

I heard the "click" as I simultaneously heard the doorbell. Alex was on it before I could get out of my bedroom. He shook hands with Tan and said, "I was just telling Matt that he's so pale and hairless that he looks even younger than you. I don't know why I never noticed it before but from the waist down...hmm." 

Tan found this enormously humorous as they both burst out laughing at the spurious suggestion. Come here, Matt, Tan more or less ordered, and stand by me so I can see if what your roommate says is correct!"

I was apoplectic and beyond embarrassment as I made my way to them. Yeah, I was taller than the little shit, but his legs were definitely darker and hairier than mine were although nothing like Alex's. Tan soaked in the change in my roommate's demeanor towards me and did nothing to discourage it. Emboldened , he said, "Hey, Matt, walk towards your bedroom so Alex and I can see how you look from the back."

I should have told him off once and for all but instead, and shamefaced, I did as he said while they both laughed and high-fived each other. My roommate and senior-in-high school fucker shared the humor of my predicament while I waited for Tan to come in my room. 

"Sorry to have to cut this fun short, Alex," Tan stated. "I only have about 30 minutes to get Mattie's help with a problem. He's a real stress releasor" he went on to say as he manfully scratch his balls. "Hope you'll excuse us for a few." 

"Do what you gotta do, little big man!" Alex said as he slapped Tan on the back.

I felt as if he had to have known, as if he was encouraging what would soon be happening behind what I could only hope would be my closed and locked door. Thankfully Tan closed it behind him but had an evil glint as he purposely chose NOT to lock it. Instead, he snapped his fingers in front of him and pointed to my "place" where he expected me to kneel without question. 

"Get those clothes off, now" he ordered. "Our fuck at Huan's was great but only made me want more," the lithe fucker said. "I don't have much time. Mom and Dad are afraid I'm out screwing some girl. If only they knew how right they are. So, unless you want me to put it to your pussy dry, I suggest you get Tan Junior well-prepared." 

Without any hesitation, I was naked and on my knees in front of him, staring up at that obscene weapon jutting out from his taut Asian frame. His eyes, as always, exuded almost a hypnotic power over me. His stance was that of a much larger macho stud, legs wide apart and his cock becoming quickly engorged with expectation. 

I was on auto-pilot now. Here I was, on my knees, totally naked with Tan between me and the door and Alex only a few feet away. Before I could digest the situation, so to speak, Tan became impatient and shoved his cock deep into my throat. I couldn't help but gag while Tan grabbed the back of my head preventing me from expelling his monster.

"Matt, are you OK? Do you need my help," Alex said from the other side of the door. 

My eyes were watering and wide with fear as Tan responded on my behalf. "No, Alex, maybe later, I've got Matt working on my problem and he was just momentarily overwhelmed. Everything's going to be OK!"

With that he pushed me off his cock and moved over towards my bed, his cock now thankfully dripping with my saliva. He quickly directed me onto my back, butt at the edge as he manfully walked towards me aiming his dick towards my now quivering pussy. Less than 75 minutes before, he and his brother had bred me. I could only hope some of their sperm were still coating my love canal as spit isn't the best lubricant. I knew better than to argue with Tan. He was going to have his way and if I hesitated he'd probably respond loudly enough with some retort that Alex would be bound to hear. 

So I resigned for what was about to happen. Tan quickly grabbed my legs and aimed for my pussy lips, already swollen from our earlier encounter. Watching him assume his dominant position seemed like déjà vu. Here was a true boy-man who was about to take what was rightfully his. 

Almost immediately, I could feel the heat of his throbbing head as it began its insertion into me. My pussy lips, swollen from earlier, practically squealed in anticipation. My nipples betrayed me as well, hardening from his dominating gaze.

I had to throttle back a scream from the pain of his initial entry. Tan saw my eyes and knew what I was feeling. "Damn, Baby, you are so tight even after two fucks. Well, as they say, the third time is always the charm!" 

Tan's relentless fuck soon had me whimpering, my hands gripping the sheets, knowing better than to attempt to jack myself off, or, as he'd more likely say, finger my clitty. I was oblivious to the time, lulled as I was from the masterful massage Tan was giving my prostrate. That is, until he laughed and said, "If only Alex would walk in that door right now and see the girl he's really rooming with!" 

I began to panic then and tried to crawl back off his deeply embedded spear. Tan growled from somewhere deep in his throat and grabbed me by my thighs and said, "Don't you even think about it! You are mine whether he finds out or not and you better get used to it!"

With that, he threw his head back and began pistoning his now super engorged dick at a near frantic pace, driving it deep into my pussy. My knuckles were white as Tan shoved my legs even wider apart. As his rutting neared a crescendo, my battered, over stimulated prostrate reacted as on cue, as if directed by the maestro. My semi hardened clit, untouched, oozed cream on my hairless, smooth belly as Tan triumphantly came deep in me. Sweat dripped from his animalistic exertion to dominate me, his prey. As his dick shot off seven or eight rounds, it pulsed, reminding me of its much larger girth and length especially as compared to mine. 

Tan rubbed my belly and seemingly felt his dick deep in my womb. Wiping my juice, he leaned forward, bringing his fingers for me to suck and grinned with satisfaction at his total domination of me, on my bed, only yards from my roommate. The knowledge of his accomplishment, no doubt, gave him an added thrill. I expected him to pull out at any second but his adrenalin was such that his weapon, just emptied, still remained hard. My pussy, now lubed by his copious discharge, was slick making his motions all the more enjoyable for us both. 

As Tan now leisurely fucked me, he leaned forward and put his weight on his arms as his pinned mine to my sides. We must have looked obscene – this diminutive, just 18 year old, Vietnamese high school senior between my 25 year-old hairless legs, cock deep inside me. 

I wanted to lock my legs around him, never letting him go but Tan, while relaxed from his orgasm, didn't want to give in to my now more feminine need to be held. Instead, and realizing that he had been rutting for 45 minutes, he leaned back, putting his weight back on the ground and pulled out of me with a plopping noise. I felt so empty, yet so complete. My submission to him and his domination of me only made us both want more. 

I knew what had to be done and rolled over to keep my ass in the air and his sperm from leaking out and repositioned my head so that it was at the edge of the bed. Tan placed his still hard dick in my mouth and fucked my throat briefly in order to clean up. Carefully, he willed himself down enough to get his jeans zipped. 

Speaking loud enough for Alex to hear, Tan said, "Matt, you were great...I mean a great help tonight. I'll plan on being back for more...ass....I mean assistance tomorrow, unless you won't be available."

"Oh, I'm sure he'll do everything he can to be here for you tomorrow, won't you Matt!" Alex yelled back from the living room. Whether he really knew what we were doing, I could not say. Regardless, as they say, I was totally fucked!

Tan saw his way out and thankfully did close my bedroom door behind him. I heard him joking with Alex for a few minutes. I wondered if Alex noticed Tan's now matted hair or smelled the sex that he exuded. Maybe real men were immune to such scents unlike me. Whatever happened out there was now beyond my control so I rolled over and carefully fingered my pussy to assess the damage and to catch whatever sperm was leaking out. Once I had sopped up as much as I could, I reached out, turned off my bedside lamp and fell deeply asleep!