 Sorry Guys for taking so long with this. I've updated the first chapter IAW our sponsor's policies – for all who may have missed. I've got some ideas as to where this may go....stay tuned and send my some (good) feedback!!!! Would still love a word from an Asian on this!

----------------------------------------

The next day was awkward to say the least. Alex and I shared coffee in the kitchen as usual. However, I could tell he wasn't exactly happy with me. It was as if he knew something had changed with me in the past two weeks and that the change somehow involved Tan. 

I knew I had lost a few pounds since my first massage with Huan caused by stress, but I was coming to terms with the reality that I truly am a gay man. Hell, I have never had sex with a woman and if I were honest, never wanted to. When I had jacked off to porn, it was always to scenes of couples and my focus had been on the men. I would always zero in on their dicks as they sawed in and out of their woman's pussy. 

The vision of a man inserting his cock into a woman captivated me. I never felt that I exuded the power these breeders did. Internally, I needed to feel a man's power over me – I felt the need to feel what a woman feels when she receives her man's cock. It's odd how much I had suppressed this for fear of being ostracized by my family, friends, co-workers and Alex who I only now noticed was staring intently at me.

"Matt, at some point soon, you ARE going to come clean with me! Do you understand or will I have to make you understand?" Alex said.

I almost spit out my cereal, shocked at his sudden forcefulness with me. We'd always been equals as roommates, and neither of us had ever even had an argument nor raised his voice before with the other. Thus, Alex's words caught me totally off guard. I knew what he meant but at the same time would rather have lived in a state of denial because I really didn't know what to tell him and certainly wasn't sure how to tell him. 

In my mind I heard myself say, "Yeah, Alex, two Vietnamese boys helped me to realize I'm actually gay. Can you believe that?" I can only imagine what he'd say to that. Could he believe the so-called "cultural lessons" the kid he'd met last night consisted of me learning to suck dick and take his hot, Vietnamese cock deep up my ass? Would he believe this same guy had so captivated me that I submitted to his demands that I shave off my pubic hair. Would he believe this modest appearing kid had forced his surprisingly large cock down my throat and made me his pussy when he took my virginity? Just thinking these thoughts caused two reactions: I got a massive hard on and my face turned beet red.

"Yes, Alex, will talk soon," was all I could muster as I gulped down the rest of my cereal and hoped my hard-on, small as it was, would go down so I could get up from the table and finish getting ready for work. 

There's no rest for the weary as the line goes. And I didn't get any reprieve when I got to the office. I think Dave's competitive spirit had spiraled when he sensed I had somehow become more vulnerable. He became slightly cockier and less collegial. We had jostled each other gently in the hallways but now he was more aggressive – as if he owned any space we were in. If he wadded up a piece of paper he'd toss it on my side expecting me to pick it up. He suggested I get him coffee at several points during the day expecting me to remember the precise amount of sugar and cream he preferred.

Why I did any of these things for him, I cannot say. I guess Tan had turned on a switch inside me that made me need to please other men and by bringing them pleasure, I, in turn, felt satisfaction. It was like Huan had said as he watched his brother master me, "he should cum from the pleasure you receive" or something to that effect. At that point, Tan's rod was stimulating my prostate and I was at a loss to make sense of it all. But now, his comment seemed more clear. Overall, the change in my public life was subtle, but none-the-less, real.

Of course, there was Sarah. She loved making little "suggestive" comments, such as, "I heard from Huan that his little brother is giving you cultural instructions." She could have said, "teaching you Vietnamese" or something that didn't sound negative. While it sounded, on the surface, rather innocuous, there was a slightly negative connotation in her voice. I was a bit angry with her and wondered if Huan had given her "cultural instructions," too, but these thoughts, oddly, made me jealous. I could imagine her on Huan's massage table, her legs spread open, her pussy exposed to Huan's fingers and then his olive-colored spear. I could hear her moans as he pressed his cock deep into her womb in an attempt to breed her. And the pathetic thing; I wished it was me! 

That evening, thankfully, neither Tan called nor Alex was home. I was already in bed before I heard the door close. I can only presume he'd been with his girlfriend after work. My problem was that I couldn't help imagining what they had done together. I could see Alex taking her into his arms and passionately kissing her, nibbling on her succulent breasts and fingering her pussy and clit until she begging him to ravish her. Again, I felt jealous. Further, I could see his hairy, manly legs and imagine his big, masculine cock and balls covered in a man's fur. 

I was never a very hairy man, but now had nothing. My legs were denuded of masculinity in contrast to those of my roommate. I don't know that I liked my new appearance. I hoped to grow my hair back. But there was something frighteningly stimulating when I compared myself to other men. It was as if my lack was their gain – as I decreased in masculinity, their manliness as attested by the simple reality of the secondary sexual characteristics men possess from puberty onwards—increased. Men were made to breed – and my lack of desire to do so but to be bred further lowered my sense of equality with them while at the same time turned me on.

When I moved in with Alex, we were both recent college grads. I remember noticing then that he was handsome and an overall virile guy. But I hadn't thought much more about him – at least in that sense. We had been new to our careers and over the nearly three years we'd lived together, had become good friends. Yes, he dated and knew that my social life wasn't anything to write home about. Yet, he had been courteous to me and had never rubbed his conquests in my face. 

The more I thought about Alex, the greater I was intimidated by the situation I was in. Here was a hot, decent guy who while never overtly hostile to gays, certainly wouldn't have chosen to room with one. Guys seem to have a sixth sense about these things. They don't want their manhood to be questioned – and living with a gay guy could result in that. 

As I reflected on the men in my life, I came to the sudden realization that each was an Alpha male or an alpha aspirant but me. What's there to say about Huan and Tan, they already owned my ass. David was getting more and more assertive and Alex, well, he was definitely on to me!

There was little I could do about any of it that evening. But what I could do I did – I shaved off my pubic hair and what little else I could find below my neck. I didn't really like doing this – but I also didn't want Tan to have an excuse to discipline me. I had never been beaten as a child – merely an occasional spank. The thought of Alex actually hitting me with a belt or paddle truly frightened me. Even the slaps of his hand scared me and stung. I simply couldn't imagine anything worse. 

Sleep didn't come easily. I wanted to jack off in the worst way. I wanted to pull my legs up to my chest and stimulate my ass as I imagined Tan ravishing me. I could smell his pubes as he sat on my chest staring into my eyes as my lips surrounded his cock deeply imbedded in my throat. Damn those images! My cock was rock hard but I just knew that Tan would know IF I played with it. Maybe if I saved up, my cum would become thick and masculine like his—maybe this was his way of making me a man? I doubted it but the hope was there as sleep finally claimed me.

I was groggy the next morning, not wanting to get up after having had such a restless night of sleep when Alex scared the hell out of me by banging on my door. "You'll be late, Matt, so get your lazy ass out of bed," he yelled. 

I scrambled to find my clock and sure enough I hadn't set the damn alarm – and Alex was right, I was going to be late to work. I rushed through a quick shower and shave and jumped into my clothes. There was no time for coffee or even a Danish. 

Of course, the day I needed a parking space....nada! By the time I got to my desk, everyone else was there – David, included! He smirked at me as he tapped his watch making me feel somehow less significant. Taped to my monitor was a note from Sarah. "Huan called to schedule a session for 6:00 p.m. this evening! He said to be prepared for a rough session." was all it said. Now what the hell did that cryptic comment mean, I wondered.

Apparently, David was curious about the same thing. "What's the story with this Huan, guy?" he asked, giving me a somewhat knowing look. 

"He's a massage therapist that Sarah referred me too when I sprained my lower back," I responded. 

"Oh really," Dave said. "And he's rough with you! I can only imagine what that means," he said, leering at me.

I quickly swiveled from facing him towards my monitor, my face flushed with red wondering just what he "could imagine." Half of me was hot with the thought of going to Huan's and the other half was bothered – was he wanting to see me alone, or was he arranging for me to be with his brother?

Work seemed to crawl. I a bit cranky as the day dragged on, my mind split between trying to clear off my desk and wondering what Huan had in store for me. Plus, I was concerned about the time – 6:00 p.m. Usually he had me last so that I didn't have to worry about others hearing me. After work, I dashed home and took a very quick shower and changed into a running shorts and a t-shirt. I got to Huan's studio with about ten minutes to spare. 

Huan was just finishing up with a female client when I arrived. She had a rather flushed look when she left. In the past, I would have thought nothing of it – that she was simply relaxed from her massage. Now, I was left wondering. Did he fuck her? Did he massage her clit or her boobs? Had he "fed" her his Vietnamese prong? 

Huan was in no mood for me to think about anything but what was next. As soon as the outer door closed, he snapped his fingers and said, "Boy, why are you sitting there day-dreaming? You know the position you are to be in when around either my brother or I!" 

Immediately, I dropped to my knees and crawled over to him, following as he led me back into the "treatment" room. Apparently, he knew that woman that preceded me would get him all worked up but provide him no release. Having only male clients – and truly straight male clients – the rest of the evening, he had scheduled me to provide him his release. 

As I knelt on my knees in front of him, Huan said, "I'm not gay, but I'm not getting anything today. Tan's both told me and demonstrated for me just how well you service him and I decided that I need a test drive! Anyway, you are more a woman to me than a man so it won't really seem gay like it once might have," Huan said, with a sneer in his eyes and mirth in his voice. "Now get those damn clothes off so I can see just how pathetic you are" he ordered. 

I wasted no time taking off my running shoes and socks, shirt, running shorts and underwear. My clit betrayed me as it was hard and jutting up towards my stomach. Of course, I hadn't jerked off for a few days which, at that moment, was patently clear!  

"Is someone happy to see me," Huan laughed, pointing down at my insignificant, boy-cock!" 

My face reddened in my shame. Here I was where it all started, willingly coming as ordered and on my knees before this straight, Vietnamese stud. 

"If you play with your clit I'll have to punish you," Huan said. You'll cum by giving me pleasure just like you do with my brother! Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir," I replied, head bowed and eyes lowered! 

"Good," he responded. "Now I can tell Sarah your so-called lessons are proceeding at a fast pace. Perhaps I should tell her we're giving you obedience lessons just like we'd give any bitch," Huan laughingly said! 

I felt so humiliated kneeling in front of him. Yet, my dick or clit as he referred to it, kept betraying me. 

"I can see how much you want me," Huan laughed, looking down on my predicament. "Just think if Sarah saw you now, all smooth and hairless, your clit all firm and engorged, kneeling in front of a real man!" 

He must have noted the shock and fear in my face as he quickly added, "Don't worry, she's not in on this, yet!" 

"Yet!" I wondered? I never wanted her to know anything about this! "Sir," I said, "Please don't tell her. She'd ruin me!" As I said this, my eyes teared up. Sarah was a real sexy girl. All the guys but me, but especially David, were hot for her. 

"Here, suck on this, baby, and don't' worry your sweet head," Huan replied as he grabbed my head with both hands, pulling me on his lewedly hot cock. I'm sure the slurping sounds I produced could have been heard for miles. Every once and awhile, Huan would ram his cock deep into my throat and hold me down on it until my gag reflexes relaxed. With my nose deep in his thick, black pubes, Huan would say, "Now isn't this where you belong, making a real man happy. Don't worry, I'm going to feed you with my baby makers and I'll still be able to breed you which I know is what you really want!" 

There was little I could do but concentrate on sucking Huan's substantial cock. While he had made me suck him before – he was actually my first – he had let his younger brother have the honor of taking my virginity. Huan was a taller and stronger version of his younger brother. The way he held my head and fucked my face, he left little room for speculation or doubt that he was in control. Not that I cared – as I was coming to realize, I preferred not to have to make decisions nor wanted to be in charge. It was actually a relief to have my life, m sexuality and my preferences clarified for me. This might not have been what I would have asked for, but it was extremely fulfilling for me.

The rhythmic slapping of Huan's balls against my chin was audible. For a compact guy, he was really built. Then again, I've never been around a fat Vietnamese although I'm sure they had to exist. I was holding on to his butt which was taut and firm as he pounded my face. In comparison, mine had a bit more of a softness to it that Tan loved to grab in his hands and kneed almost like bread dough as he prepared to mount me.

"Damn, Matt, you suck better than any woman I've had. Those pouty lips look so natural around my cock. Just look up and me and see how natural your position is! I'd never have dreamed this would be your reality, but hey, I'm just here to help," he cackled. 

Well, maybe we were helping each other, I thought just as his cock pierced the back of my throat.

Huan closed his eyes, through his head back and bellowed as he started to spurt his spicy, Vietnamese cum deep into my throat. It was as if he was an animal marking his territory. He kept my mouth locked on his weapon lest I lose even a drop of his offering. Once he was certain I had swallowed all of his cum and bathed his member clean, he eased back, looking down at me. 

"Who would have known when you first came in here just how wild things would turn out to be! Our own white-boy cock sucker! A natural-born bottom boy! A pussy!" The words just flew out his mouth. "Now get up on the table on your back like a good girl and spread your legs for me. I'm about to breed you just like my brother, Tan!"

Unlike before, I didn't hesitate a second. His words were my command. He was the man, and well, I wasn't. Even my pussy betrayed me, twitching in anticipation of his spear. 

Men are much more physical than I'd ever realized. These Vietnamese boys really insisted I know my place. I don't know if they got off of ordering me around or if I was truly a better lay than many of their women. But both Huan and Tan were very verbal with me. Their words were like an aphrodisiac – both as stimulating almost as their cocks. They verbally put me in my place while their surprisingly large Vietnamese weapons pierced either my mouth or pussy. Both seemed to like the so-called Missionary position, fucking me as if I really were a girl, but one with an elongated clit. Looking up into their black, almond-shaped eyes as they conquered me made me shiver. They exuded power, lust and had stamina to match. 

I pulled back my legs exposing my pussy to Huan as he grabbed a bottle of lube. His fingers taunted me as he shoved one, then two and finally three in me. His fingers were slender although his cock was five inches around – about average for a Westerner but thick for an Asian. Huan added some lube on his rampantly hard cock then grabbed my legs. He put them on his shoulders and started to lean forward. His cock soon touched my puckered ass. 

"Let me in, Matt," he said. "You know how bad you want me, how much you need my cock deep inside you!" he added.

I could feel the surprisingly thick head of his hard cock pressing against my opening. He was looking deep into my eyes as he started the slow dance of entry. "I could simply ram it into you, Matt, but I like all my girls to enjoy being fucked."

Did he consider me "one of his girls?" I wondered until Huan stretched my hamstrings and his weapon burst forth only to be sheathed by the velvet lining of my pussy ass. 

"Damn, Matt, your pussy feels GREAT! No wonder Tan can't get enough of you!" Your whole body was made to be fucked. Even your nipples are hard! It's as if your body is wired different from most men – at least any straight man I've ever encountered!" Huan said. "I find the general idea of reciprocal gay sex to be repulsive, but your natural submission to my superiority makes this tolerable," he added. "Plus, you actually are a fantastic lay. Since you know that it's not about you but instead is about pleasing your man, you're even better than some of my ladies.....and oh what a tight pussy!"

Huan was really giving it to me when the door flew open and Tan rushed in. I was almost freaked out of my mind, worried it might have been someone else. Apparently, Tan had to have dinner with his parents before he could leave the house. They ate unusually early which freed him to rush down by 6:45 p.m. Clearly, he didn't want to miss an opportunity with my ass!

"Damn, Bro, what do you think of my bitch?" Tan asked! "She's a hottie and getting better trained every day. Hurry up cause I need a crack at that pussy, too," he added. 

"She sure is sweet," Huan replied. "Frankly, I wasn't sure what you saw in her before I decided to try out this ass. It's so tight even though you've fucked her several times now. I'm just amazed how she responds. I've heard of that "g" spot but this one's truly wired and loves to service our cocks!" he went on to say, almost as if I wasn't even there. 

Meanwhile, Tan was quickly losing his clothes, his rampant cock pushing out the front of his briefs in an almost obscene fashion. It looked so amazing on him, almost out of place – a true anomaly on such a slender, Asian guy. 

I simply couldn't take my eyes off him knowing his cock would soon be breeding me too. The thought of what was to come and the hard pounding Huan was giving me pushed me over the edge. As my ass spasmed and contracted, Huan couldn't help himself – and spewed his sperm deep inside me. Pulling out, he said to his younger brother – this pussy is all ready for you, Bro, lubed and all – just push yourself on in there! 
