 Sorry guys for taking so much time off. I thought more of you would love Chapter 5 and Tan's perspective. I'm not sure what was lacking or why I got so few votes...hmmm...but at least I reached a 4.50. Regardless, thanks for the encouragement some of you have directed my way! Aren't there any strong Asian guys out there who appreciate my story??? Should I continue?

--------------------------------

Have you ever felt so bottled up you could explode? That's the way I felt as my life swirled around me. Things seemed to be crashing in on me and oh so suddenly. Sarah had to have known that something was up although her comments were always innocent and seemingly thoughtful. Alex also sensed that something had changed and I was holding out on him in some way. 

I simply felt as if I was on pins and needles. This was all new to me. Well...being forced by two Vietnamese boys to confront my sexuality and stop hiding behind a false façade...that was new...as was losing my virginity and more. 

I didn't really regret losing my virginity. Hell, if I'm honest, I loved it. I can close my eyes and taste Huan and Tan's big cocks as they slide into my mouth, hit the back of my throat and go way down deep. It's as if my throat is an erogenous zone. I can smell the musk of their pubes as they grind their cocks in me and rub against my nose as they hold my head and fuck my face like it's a pussy. I'm not sure what gets me off the most -- their cocks or their dominant attitudes. 

Then, of course, I just had to shudder as I recalled so vividly Tan's cock poised against my pussy, about to claim me once again. Just thinking about it made me sigh.

David, the guy in my cubicle heard it -- and said, "Matt what's going on with you. You've been day-dreaming all morning. You must be getting some!"

Damn, what is the matter with me? I'm dreaming of a kid and his cock deep in my throat and ass. It's as if I'm losing it and on center stage. I've got to get my act together.

"Naw, Dave, it's not what you think! Just dreaming of that cheese-cake I want for dessert," I lied. 

Sarah appeared as Dave was laughing. "What's going on boys? What's so funny?" 

Dave responded, "Matt here is making sexy sounds dreaming of cheese cake. Must be those cherries on top that he wants!" 

Sarah laughed at that but said, "I'm not sure if it's his cherry he wants or someone elses but he's been a different guy since his recent trip to the massage parlor!" 

Dave looked at me funny and said, "Matt, isn't that a Vietnamese guy who's been massaging you? Are you a pervert? 

I had been sipping on a coke and choked, spitting some on my shirt. "Damn, Dave, Huan's not gay, just ask Sarah!"

"He's right, Dave, Huan's not gay," she said, quickly moving on.

However, what Sarah didn't say was that I wasn't gay. She just had defended Huan but not me. Was she trying to imply that I was gay? Either way, she left some uncertainty in the air and caused an awkward silence to descend into our cubicle.

Dave looked at me with an almost knowing stare. He was a scrappy guy about 5'9" and 155 pounds and kind of black Irish....in terms of that pale skin and black hair. He was also two years younger than I and fairly new to our company. What made it worse, Dave was damn competitive and I fought to keep only slightly ahead even though I had almost three years more experience. Was Dave sizing me up....in a different way? 

With that, I excused myself saying, "hey Dave, got to go, it's time for lunch. Be back in an hour, Dude." He just grunted a reply, but I felt his eyes on my ass as I hurried out of our space.

I had just gotten out of our building and was breathing deep in the cool, crisp air when my cell-phone rang. It was Tan. Talk about timing, if he had called while Sarah was talking to Dave and I and she had figured out who I was talking with...well, I just shuddered at what that might have meant.

"Hey Matt, you all right? You sound out of breath," Tan said. 

"Yeah, I'm fine, just a little thrown off this morning at work," I replied.

"Well, I'm thinking about throwing you around a bit myself," Tan responded. "Anyway, my dick is hard and wants your mouth and your pussy. I'm at lunch now but I won't want to wait long after school's out so I'm calling to get you thinking how to work things out, my boy!" Tan went on to say.

I was speechless. I had just come out of a close call at work and now Tan was demanding even more. It's not like I could refuse him, I don't know if I even wanted to or could. It was that I was afraid -- afraid of being outed to my roommate, my colleagues at work...to everyone. When I was away from Tan my big brain usually worked....but at this moment, on the street, talking on the cell phone, I simply couldn't think. 

Tan took care of things as he usually did and with his take-charge attitude simply said, "Don't worry, Mattie, I'll call you later with instructions...be ready for me!" and hung up.

My stomach was a ball of nerves and I certainly was all of a sudden NOT hungry! Not only did I have to go back to the office and face Dave and Sarah, but I also had to work out a solution that would satisfy my young and demanding Master, as he so liked to think of himself and then, of course there was my roommate, Alex. About all I could deal with was a half a sandwich and some soup. It was hard to settle my nerves. I think I was too overwhelmed at that point to think. My mind was a total blank. 

Somehow, I dragged myself back to the office and quietly worked the afternoon away not talking much so as not to bring attention to myself. What else could I do? 

Shortly after 4:00 p.m., my cell-phone rang. It was Tan, of course. 

"Look, Mattie, I know you're still at work so don't talk, just listen. My cock needs to get off and you're the one who's going to make that happen. There's no need for me to jerk off when you are so ready and willing. Plus, remember, I'm really doing you a favor. I'm going to bring my knapsack with me to your apartment. I'll be there at 5;15 p.m. I've got to be home for dinner with the family by 6:15 p.m. so you'll have to work fast. We'll go to your room and lock your bedroom door. You'll just have to keep it down in case Alex comes home while were busy. Got it?" 

"Yes Sir," I responded. 

Dave looked at me with questioning eyes. I'm sure he wondered who I was addressing so politely. Well, it wasn't any of his business -- I couldn't let it be his business -- so I simply hung up and ignored him. What else could I do anyway, I had more important things to do like worry about what was going to happen when I got home!

As luck would have it, I had a phone call at 4:50 p.m. and I didn't get out of the office until about seven minutes after five. Just about everyone else had bolted five minutes ahead of me but I simply could not ignore the client who called without facing my bosses wrath. There was no way I'd be home by 5:15 p.m. and that had me on edge. I called Tan and appraised him of my situation.

"Look, Boy, you get here and fast. We don't have much time and there are some things you have to do! Understand!" was his response.

"Yes, Sir," I replied, feeling out of breath as I rushed to make it home. Good thing it was only about a mile to my apartment. I walked to work but now found myself sprinting the way home. I was out of breath and sweating when I got to my door where Tan with a rather hard look on his face was waiting for me.

"Get that door unlocked now! You've kept me waiting long enough!" he said. Just the tone of his voice and the anger in his eyes made me so nervous that I couldn't get the key in the door. Tan pushed me aside, grabbed it out of my hands and opened the door with polished ease. "There," he said. "You are really asking for it, Boy! Now take me to your room!"

Thankfully, Alex wasn't there as Tan had his hands on my ass as we walked through the apartment. Once in my room I heard the door slam and the lock click before Tan was all over me. He pushed me face down onto my bed, had my jacket off and belt undone on my trousers in a flash and soon had me poised, ass up over his lap. He was spanking me before I could even figure out what had happened. Damn that kid's hands hurt, little as they were, as they flailed over my butt. 

After swatting me about fifty times, Tan ordered me to stand up, and remove the rest of my clothes. Tan directed me to place my hands on my head and to turn around so he could observe the results of his labor. He seemed pleased at the red hue on my ass, the tears in my eyes and the submissive man that stood in front of him. Speaking in a low but tightly controlled tone, Tan ordered me to my knees in front of him and between his legs. "Take it out boy and get to work. I've got at least two loads to dump in the next 30 minutes so you better work hard and fast."

I didn't think, I just did as Tan ordered. With trembling hands I undid his belt and got his zipper open. I fished his hardening cock out of his tight-packed jeans and stared. I was looking up at a cock that looked inordinately large on this young, Vietnamese stud! I gazed further up into his dark eyes as they looked down so smugly on me. 

"Get on it NOW," he snapped, immediately removing me from any thoughts I could assemble.

Tan's hands were almost immediately on my head pulling me onto his waiting spear. He was young and needed to get off and had no time for me to waste. There was no getting used to it this time, no savoring his taste. No, Tan's need was running the show and with an iron grip he pulled me forward at the same time his powerful thighs pushed out. He impaled me with his powerful weapon halfway down my throat. 

As I started to gag, Tan smacked me. It wasn't too hard but got his message across. This was about him and not me so I simply had to get to work and control my gag reflex. As if to assert his power, Tan held me, not letting me off. He ordered me to calm down and breathe through my nose which was nestled in his thick, silky, black pubes. Vietnamese guys aren't all that hairy but their pubes are lustrous. As his tickled my nose, I was reminded that I didn't have any -- and wasn't in the same league as this hot young stud was who was so dominating me. I just didn't have the resolve to resist. Sensing this, Tan pulled back before resuming fucking my throat by controlling my head. 

I was soon lost in the sensations washing over me. It's like my throat housed my prostrate. His was as much a physical fuck as it was a mental fuck. There was something intensely stimulating about giving up control. I was giving into something I couldn't yet understand but there just wasn't any fight left in me. As if to reinforce his rule, Tan squeezed my head between his thighs. There was so much power in them. He was an Asian warrior without question—one who won all his battles!

Soon, the telltale signs were there. Tan's cock became even more rigid. He pushed his dick so deep into me that I thought it would reach my stomach and then he began to fire. I couldn't even count the times but just kept swallowing to keep up with his flow. Finally, he pushed me off his cock and used his feet to push me to the floor. 

"I wouldn't have had to have been so rough if you had only been on time. Now bring me some lube and get up on your bed. I need to get off one more time before I rush home. If I'm late, Mom will kill me!" 

How could the kid still be hard I wondered? It was frightening just how studly he was. No girl could take it. Hell, I'd been sucking his dick for at least twenty minutes and it was now nearly 5:40 p.m. Alex was bound to be home any minute and Tan wanted my ass. But there was no time to think, only to do. I quickly grabbed the lube that I had hidden in the bedside stand and handed it to Tan. He kept his clothes on while I was totally naked. He simply dropped his jeans and underwear but even kept his shoes on. 

"Idiot, I don't have much time, put your feet on the floor and lean forward on the bed, ass high in the air so I can get to your pussy," Tan said. "By the way, I better not find any hair growing on you or I'll get Huan to have his friend remove them with electrolysis! Understand," he ordered while slapping my already tender ass! 

"Yes," I replied, only to yelp as he smacked me even harder.

"What did you say?" he bellowed!

"Yes, SIR!" I responded as I felt Tan slather the goo on my pussy. Just as he had with my throat, Tan did to my pussy, slamming all the way home at first thrust. "Damn that hurts," I howled, just as the front door opened, and Alex entered the apartment.  

"Matt, are you OK?" Alex asked through my door!

"I'm fine, Alex," I yelled with a now hoarse voice as Tan sped up his fucking -- his hips pistoning wildly and fast as he pushed his weapon deep into my pussy! I hoped and prayed he had gone to his room because I swear the world could hear the steady slap, slap, slap as Tan fucked me ever the deeper into submission. 

By now, my pussy had adjusted to Tan's assault and his cock was rubbing furiously over my prostrate as he rushed to get off so he could get home for dinner. Still, after having just cum, Tan couldn't rush his orgasm but had to work up to it. Now he squeezed his hands around my torso and pinched my nipples. I could feel his taut stomach rubbing on my back. Like the hot, young stud he is, he nipped on my ear and bit my shoulder, not enough to break the skin but to keep me submissive as he rutted. 

Tan was turned on by the precariousness of my situation. He had thankfully locked the door when he came in behind me but he knew another male was not far away from the one he was dominating and it made him enjoy the fuck he was giving me even more. He had mastered me before my older and larger roommate and it fed his sense of achievement and power.

"What are you going to tell, Alex, Baby," he asked as he slammed hard into me. "Do you want me to speak for you since you seem to be hoarse all of a sudden?" he said with a chuckle in his voice. "Maybe Alex could use a piece of this ass? But remember, it's mine he said as he leaned back. Tan grabbed my hair to use as an anchor as he kept his thrusts going on and on. Time seemed to stand still. 

All that mattered was the here and now. My prostrate was screaming and my dick was hard and throbbing but too far from the side of my bed to rub against anything. 

Tan pulled me back and hugged tighter to himself. He talked to me softly but with a measured strength. "Matt, how does it feel to take my fuck while your roommate's outside your door? You can't stop me now. My baby-makers are deep inside you and more are about to go into you. They'll be absorbed into your body swimming into your blood stream and subduing whatever resistance there is. Just let yourself go, boy. As soon as you admit you're a pussy boy and quit trying to fight me, you'll be at peace."  

His words and his dick simply overpowered me. While gripping the bed my cock started to fire shot after shot, once again without any hands touching it. My pussy muscles clenched onto Tan's engorged cock and squeezed his load deep inside me. If I were a true female and even slightly fertile, he'd have made me pregnant with triplets. There was nothing to do now but wait while Tan, momentarily spent, enjoyed the lingering moments of his triumph. 

Tan leaned forward resting himself on my back. My ass, brutalized by his fuck was now soothed by his scalding hot, thick sperm. Some seemed to ooze out around his now softening dick. Tan told me to take my hand and feel him joined to me and to use my fingers to wipe up any of his sperm that might escape me. He then had me lick it off my fingers like they Asian delicacy it was. Meanwhile my own dick oozed runny sperm against my thigh. 

Finally, having enough and gotten what he needed, Tan stood up, pulling out of my pussy ass with a plopping sound. I felt so empty and almost like crying from all the tension of the day and the loss of this amazing young man from my ass. While he used me, all I could think of was him. When he left, I knew I would have to deal with the world....beginning with Alex who was just outside my door. 

Tan roughly pulled me off my bed and told me to clean him up so he could get home. I was amazed there was no shit on his dick since he had rammed it so deep in me. Thank goodness, I was too nervous to have eaten much for lunch. The taste wasn't'too bad. 

Tan said, "Look, I got to go! You might want to grab a Kleenex and wipe yourself off before putting some clothes on or your roommate going to have your number before I reach your front door. So move it Matt, I don't want to ruin the good thing we've got going! I know how much you need me," Tan continued as he lewdly cupped his bulging family jewels! 

I was dazed but did as he directed. I grabbed a wad of Kleenex and quickly wiped the mess that was oozing out of my ass. Tan noticed the spunk I had shot onto my bed skirt and snapped his fingers instructing me to lick it off. I didn't like my own taste and texture as much as his and definitely didn't enjoy it now that I had cum but knew better than to argue. 

When he was satisfied, Tan looked at his watch and said, "Boy you have exactly 20 seconds before I open that door," causing me to leap into my underwear and quickly pull on my dress shirt and slacks. Thank God, he cut me some slack because there was no way I could look presentable that fast -- if at all!

Before I knew it, Tan had his jacket on and had opened my bedroom door. Alex was in the kitchen as we came out and initially seemed startled to see someone with me as I have always been a bit of a loner. I think Tan knew I'd be stuck for words and so he marched right up to my roommate and stuck out his hand. "You must be Alex," he said. "I'm Tan and I came over after school to give Matt some cultural lessons. Maybe sometime he'll be able to share what he's learning," he laughed as he dashed towards the door. "I'll call you later this week" were the last words I heard before he closed the door behind him. 

It was 6:10 p.m. We'd only been together for about 50 minutes but it seemed like forever and most of that time I was either sucking his cock or being fucked silly by this sexually, dominant Vietnamese stud!

I turned around and Alex was staring at me. "Gosh, Matt, who was that kid and why are you so disheveled? What was he doing here and what did he mean when he said he was giving you 'cultural lessons.?' Plus you stink!" 

I stuttered for a moment obviously at a loss for words before saying, "Tan is my massage therapist's younger brother. He was teaching me some Asian stretching exercises and we ended up wrestling around a bit."

"Well, it looks like he got the better of you and you've sure got him beat in size." 

Without thinking, "I said, I wouldn't be so certain. The kid has all he needs where it counts." 

Damn, what an idiot I am. Alex certainly wasn't thinking of Tan's seven inch dick like I was. Who knows, maybe his was bigger—at that point everyone's seemed bigger to me or at least more powerful. Hell, I just been fucked to orgasm AGAIN by my young, Vietnamese stud and practically within hearing range of my roommate. To say the least, I was feeling overwhelmed by it all and was totally spent from my own orgasm and the stress I now had in my life!

Thankfully, Alex's phone rang distracting him long enough for me to go to my room, strip down and hit the shower. I can only wonder what will happen tomorrow!