 I'll be on the road the next two weeks and will try and write another chapter if possible. Please let me know if you have any suggestions?

*

I woke up the following morning after the deepest sleep I can remember. I felt a bit disoriented, as I had fallen asleep around 9:00 p.m. almost immediately after Tan had left. It was 6:30 a.m. and I had slept about nine and a half hours -- a record for me. I dragged myself to the shower luxuriating in the hot water and steam. I carefully shaved my face and was walking out of my room to have breakfast by 7:00 a.m. At least this morning, I was running on time, would have time to have a hot meal rather than my usual cereal, and wouldn't burn the roof of my mouth drinking my morning java. 

For some reason, I wasn't even thinking about Alex or what he must have thought as I made enough scrambled eggs, bacon and toast for us both. It seemed so natural to be playing "morning domestic" almost as if it had become second nature although, in reality, I rarely ever took the time to cook in the morning. 

The smell of hot food and wafting aroma of coffee soon woke Alex and by 7:15 a.m. he was chowing down on a full plate of food with me. There was no way I was going to mention the night before. Even though I was relaxed, I still felt a bit humiliated by the very unusual attitude Alex had taken towards me before and after Tan's unexpected arrival. He had mocked me in front of a high school senior for heaven's sake! Together, they had portrayed the behavior typical of victors at sports matches high on testosterone. 

Thankfully, Alex simply enjoyed the pleasure of a decent breakfast and didn't overtly hassle or make fun of me. We were both relatively silent, lost in our own thoughts until Alex spoke up and said, "Boy, Matt, I could become very used to this. I always dreamed of having a wife who would wait on me in the morning!"

Now what the hell did that mean? "Well, don't get used to it, Alex!" I responded, feeling a bit miffed. Still I stood up, cleared our dishes and quickly rinsed them off. 

While I was at the sink, Alex said, "So how did you help your friend out last night?" Perhaps it was a rhetorical question as he then left the kitchen to finish getting ready for work with a very satisfied as he left your room!" 

On my way to work I couldn't help but think some more. Yeah, think....it never seemed to get me anywhere but more confused. It seems like only yesterday I was somewhat satisfied with my life of hiding the truth from myself only to have it turned around by two Vietnamese boys. How did they read me so well I wondered and was I always somewhat submissive? It didn't make any sense that these guys could so quickly and easily have their way with me. Correspondingly, the truth was I got just as much out of it or more than they did. 

Maybe they were right that they were actually doing me a favor as they pumped their rich seed into either my belly or my pussy. Perhaps receiving their loads would make more of a man out of me or something. My mind wandered as I thought about it and my cock hardened as I pondered about their taste. 

At first I had rejected the idea that I could ever like the taste of cum. It seemed as if it should be repulsive. But it was their essence. I could see myself washing off their still hard cocks as they held my head and forced me to look up into the dark pools of their eyes. Tan, especially, seemed to get off seeing me so subserviently "doing my womanly duty" as he liked to refer to it. Yes, I had to admit, I did find joy through service....I just had never dreamed it would be in this context.

The Vietnamese boys had liberated something deep inside of me. Maybe they were just using me, Tan especially, to get their rocks off. Perhaps that's what real men do. But for me, it was more than a physical experience. Yes, I always came as much from the physical stimulation of my prostrate from their exertions in and out of my pussy as well as their manipulations of my tits, but just as much as their verbal comments in the process. 

By the time I reached the office, my face was flushed simply from recalling all the sex-capades of the past month or so. Frankly, I had lost track of time since that first massage and could not imagine how far things had gone and how fast. I was still lost in thought as I passed by Dave's cubical. 

As I bent down to turn on my computer, he surprised me by pinching my ass and said, "Damn, boy, that is one hot ass! I bet Huan gets hot playing with those cheeks because ass up and front down you're probably hotter than most of his female clients -- Sara being the exception, of course!" 

I had whirled around even more red than I was when I came in and was trying to think of something to say as Dave started laughing. He was so close to the truth and I felt incapable of denial but deathly afraid of coming clean. 

Meanwhile, Sara, who had heard her name mentioned came around to see what was up. "Did I hear my name mentioned," she said with hope in her eyes! Dave laughed and said, "I was just teasing Matt, here, and said, Huan must enjoy massaging you more than him!"

Sara then remarked, "Well, I've heard he's quite the lady's man but he always is completely professional with me. Somehow, I doubt Matt has the equipment he's looking for!"

I shook my head, completely humiliated for some reason. So, Huan hasn't screwed Sara but I'm lacking the proper equipment. If she only knew that he had sampled my pussy and throat maybe she'd think a bit differently about him -- but then if she did know, she'd obviously think differently about me -- and probably NOT positively. Damn....why had my life become a total catch-22? 

Thankfully, the day quickly began to get busy. At one point as I hung up the phone from dealing with a client, Dave got my attention by tapping on his coffee mug and said, "Matt, you know how I like my coffee, hurry up and get me some!" It wasn't a suggestion, but an order! 

Why was it that all the guys I encountered seemed to act as if they could order me around...like it was my job to cook, clean, fetch their coffee or bend over? Had it been this way all along? 

When I got home, Alex was already there and preparing to leave. "Matt, I left a list of things you need to do before I get back. I've got to run out for awhile. I'm meeting some buds for a few brews down at the Pub. I'll see you later," he said as he quickly dashed out the door.

I never had a chance to question his "order" -- a first in our now less than balanced friendship. I no longer seemed like an equal to anyone and I felt a bit frustrated. Why was I at the bottom of the heap? 

Still, I didn't hesitate much and went and found his list on the kitchen table. Alex was a bit of a neat freak and wanted some of the common areas of our condo touched up. What surprised me, however, was that he had put doing his laundry on the list. THAT had never been my responsibility before. 

To get to it, I had to go into his room. I don't know why I didn't question his order but soon found myself dumping his dirty laundry on the floor and sorting the whites and coloreds. Almost as if by second nature, I found myself sniffing his jock strap and assorted underwear. The aroma was purely masculine -- full of hot, masculine musk. My dick got hard instantly. Damn, I wanted to whip out my cock and jerk off...but then remembered that Tan would punish me if I did.

Fearful but aroused, I quickly grabbed the whites off the floor and got the first load going. I was flustered when the doorbell rang. I really wasn't expecting anyone as it was only about 6:30 p.m. and I thought Tan would stop by later. Low and behold, it was Sarah and Dave. Sarah insisted they stop by and let Dave see where I lived. She brazenly pushed by me and led Dave into the Condo. 

"I hope we didn't stop by at an awkward time," Sarah said. 

"No, I was just picking up a bit and doing some laundry," I replied.

"I thought you did your laundry on weekends," Sarah said. 

Damn, I thought! Why had I told her my routine when we first started working together! "Well, I do, but Alex asked if I could toss in a load for him!" 

When I said that, Dave looked at me with a knowing smirk. It was another nail in the coffin for me! Again, my face betrayed me as I blushed at his stare. 

"Well, aren't you going to show us around?" Sarah said. 

I gave them the requisite tour and offered them each a beer as we sat in the living room. Again, the doorbell rang. This time, Tan burst past me as if he owned the place. Could it get any more awkward?

Sarah had met him a few times when she was waiting for her massage with his brother, but Dave didn't know anything about him and I had hoped to have kept it that way. "Dave, this is Tan, my masseur Huan's younger brother. Tan, this is Dave. We work together and have adjoining cubicles." 

I don't know what Dave expected, but Tan gave his hand a very firm grip and exuded a sense of authority beyond that of a typical high-schooler. He certainly wasn't subservient like some other Asian's can seem. It was so odd watching the two of them size each other up.

I had mentioned to Tan how Dave was treating me at the office but only in an offhand manner. It wasn't exactly as if we had developed a deep relationship outside of the sex. Still, his iron will and strength of character almost compelled me to tell him things even though he was still, in reality, a kid. I guess the inverse nature of our relationship was affecting me. I'm not sure that Sarah caught on to what was happening and maybe Dave didn't really understand either. Still, Tan had effectively taken control telling them we had some work to do and giving them the hint to shove off. They were apparently on their way out to dinner, which worked to everyone's advantage. 

As soon as they were out the door, Tan smacked my ass and hustled me to the bedroom. I think sensing he had competition for dominance over me brought out some qualities I had not previously observed. He seemed icily polite towards Dave but certainly didn't demonstrate any friendliness. It was somewhat like an Alpha male reacting towards another male's attempt to horn in on his territory. At that point, I'm not sure if Tan considered me his possession or toy that he, alone, could control or felt anything a bit deeper. All I knew is that he wanted to demonstrate for both of us his mastery over me. 

Tan was too impatient for me to undress him. We were both naked in two seconds. His almost mocha colored cock was pulsing as he pointed to the floor -- to my proper position in front of him. 

As I gazed up, I saw almost afresh, his perfect, taut body rippling with muscles. Our eyes met as my lips wrapped themselves around his substantial helmet. Tan wasn't in the mood for gentility as he grabbed the back of my head and held it, immovable, and rammed his weapon of lust deep into my throat. Even though he and his brother had been "training" me for what had to be over a month now, I gagged as tears streamed down my face. His pace was relentless. Normally, I "service" him and do most of the work, but, tonight, he was both physically and mentally in charge. 

Tan's eyes almost clouded over as he approached his orgasm. As he neared it, he held my face in such a way that he smashed my nose into his pubes. All I could do was swallow as his seed was rapid fired down my throat. I thought I was going to pass out because I simply couldn't breathe.

Having cum, Tan was sated if but briefly. He pushed me off him. I lay on my back gasping for air, my mouth still filled with the taste of his pungent seed. Tan was obviously irritated by something and thinking. I knew better than disturb him and simply watched as he processed his thoughts. My clit, though, had other ideas. It demanded attention. Tan caught wind of this and my hands moving towards it and growled. He quickly stepped forward and using his right foot, shoved me fully onto my back. 

"Don't you dare play with yourself, Matt, you know the rules! I think you need a few swats to remember just who you are when I am around!" he went on to say.

I don't know why I hate to be spanked so much. Perhaps it is the humiliation that I'm submitting to a guy seven years my junior. I knew I should have stood up to him, but then again, too much water had already passed under the bridge. He knew, and I knew that by now, his word was my law. 

I felt so frustrated at that point. My clit was pressuring me, but so was my mind. I yearned for Tan. I wanted him to masterfully fuck me to completion and here he was delaying by doing something I didn't want.

As I lay across his lay, my clit, now shrinking in expectation pressed between his meaty thighs, Tan grabbed my fleshy ass and squeezed it. I expect his finger prints were totally visible in red. 

"You realize that I own this, Matt!" He said as he then spanked my bare bottom. "I didn't appreciate the way Dave stared at you tonight. I'm telling you, here and now, you better do nothing to encourage him because you won't like the consequences!"

His spanking, by that point, had me sobbing and all I could utter was, "Yes, Sir!"

With his mission accomplished, and my subservience reiterated, Tan pushed me off his lap and on to the floor. "I think I have something that will make you feel better," he said with a smirk in his eye. Knowing he had reasserted his dominance, he now wanted an enjoyable fuck. 

Tan grabbed the lube from my bedside stand as I got into position, on my back. Gently but firmly, he massaged my pussy as he shoved lube in me. After putting more on his bare cock, he leaned forward, and grabbed my legs. Tan aimed his naked spear at my pulsing lips as he dominated me with his knowing eyes. As if on order, as soon as contact was made, I opened up for him as he sank deep into me.

I think we both gasped from the pleasure of that moment. My nipples were hard anticipating the contact he provided with my prostrate. Mercifully, Tan rubbed his hard cock over and over it making me squirm with pleasure, enhancing my pending orgasm. He let go of my legs and encouraged me to wrap them around his slim body. Exerting total ownership, he raped my mouth with his tongue at the same time his man-sized cock continued his dominance of my pussy. Between the internal stimulation of my prostrated, his belly rubbing my clit and his overstimulation of my mind, I came, spewing my own, pent up pleasure between us. 

My orgasm and the pulsing pleasure that surrounded Tan's weapon pushed him over the edge as he fucked his seed deep into my womb, as if trying to impregnate me with the whole of Asia. We just lay still for awhile. Tan's cock stayed moderately hard -- as if to ensure that none of his potent soldiers would escape before moving deeper for victory. He had ravished me yet again and left his mark on my mind, deep in my pussy, in my mouth and, as I was coming to realize, in my heart. We both knew—I was his.