 My mind was in a quandary, but my dick was hard. I could still taste Tan's pungent nectar delivered right from the source. My hand wanted to grasp my "clit" as he called it but I remembered his admonition. I feared that somehow he'd know...that he'd figure out I came and not let me have any more of his hard dick. Damn, had it been less than 24 hours since I first submitted to this Vietnamese punk? My mind was in turmoil now...what had I let happen to me? 

Before I could dwell any more on these thoughts, Alex yelled from the living room, "Dude, get out here and pick up your shit. My girlfriend's coming over and I want the place looking like it should!" He wasn't asking, he was ordering. I was about to run out immediately as if he were Tan but then remembered I was naked. 

Thankfully, my robe was on the floor by the door and I hurriedly put it on. I went out and saw a very perplexed Alex. "Matt, what's going on? You never leave your clothes in the living room?" 

While I was trying to think of an answer, his cell phone rang. It was his Mom and I knew she'd talk his ear off for at least 15 minutes. That was my clue to grab and go -- to run to my room and put my clothes on and get out the door before I had to answer his question. Hopefully, he'd forget before I saw him either later that afternoon or Sunday when he returned from his date—presuming she asked him to stay over.

I needed some fresh air and space to think so I decided to go for a walk in the local park. Being Saturday, there were many people out and about. Men and women were at the baseball diamond watching little juniors play and I ran across a bunch of teenagers playing Frisbee together. I sat on the edge and just watched them for a while. They seemed so natural and comfortable with themselves. The guys bantered and showed off their talents—their shirts off and teen muscles bare for all to see. My eyes were drawn to them. Just last week I would have looked at the girls they were with and tried to imagine what sex with them would be like. But now I wondered about these boys—around Tan's age—and what their cocks would be like. 

The thoughts running through my head and the blood engorging my cock unsettled me! I had to get out of there, clear my head, and fast before my cock, small as it was, humiliated me further.

I decided to grab some fast food and go home. There was a Chinese joint nearby and I went by planning on getting some General Tso's chicken and an egg roll. There was a guy around Huan's age at the counter and seeing him made me immediately think of Huan and Tan and I got hard. I stuttered my order and my face went red as my hand touched his with the money. He was a skinny dude but obviously strong from the long hours and work in his family's restaurant. The guy must have figured out my attraction because he just winked and smiled as he gave me my change. Before giving me my bag, he leaned forward and whispered just loud enough for me to hear, "Stop by again and next time I'll give you some special Chinese sauce, fresh and home-made." 

I didn't know how to react and simply mumbled, "Thank you" which made him howl with mirth. Damn—was I that obvious? I had eaten at that place numerous times and never had that happen!

I left the Chinese joint as fast as reasonably could, but made the fateful decision to look back as I went out the door. The guy at the counter was waiting, knowingly for me and gave me a knowing wink. I felt all my blood rush to my face that was a reaction anyone could see. Damn—I was a wreck.

Thankfully, Alex was out when I returned and as I sat down at our small kitchen table to eat lunch I found a note he'd left for me. Apparently, I'd left my cell phone on the kitchen counter in my rush to get out of our apartment. Alex had kindly answered it while I was out. The note said, "A guy named Tan called. He said to keep tonight free in case he can stop by and see you. Who's Tan? Someone from work?" 

I could only hope his date would keep him far away from home tonight. What would I do if they came by here and found me with a 16-year-old Vietnamese kid humping my ass? The thought made me shudder and at the same time got me hard. 

With trying to figure out what to say to Alex and how to deal with Tan, my head felt as if it would blow off. I simply couldn't think any more. Instead, I went to my room and crashed. I was out like a light at 3:00 p.m. in the afternoon.

Even in my sleep, there was no respite. Alex was taunting me, asking if I was gay. Tan was behind me humping me and whispering in my ear to admit it. 

I woke up in a sweat yelling, "No!" At that moment, Alex barged into my room and said, "Matt, are you ok? I just heard you screaming!" It took me a second to realize that I was no longer in my dream before I could calm down and tell him it had been a weird nightmare. Alex said, "Care to talk about it?" I shut that down fast and said, "no way! It was too far out there!" 

Thankfully, Alex laughed and left me alone. It was now after 5:00 p.m. Alex mentioned he'd be leaving around 6:00 p.m. to take Claire out to dinner. They were going to try an new, rather upscale place and had 7:00 p.m. reservations. Depending on how things went, he'd either stay with her the night or come back to the apartment alone. Of course, Alex had to ask, "Matt, you going out tonight?" I quickly responded, "No! After last night, I think I'll stay in." "Don't forget, that guy called and may try to see you," Alex said. "Yeah, thanks for reminding me," was my muttered reply.

I had just finished chowing down on a frozen dinner—yep, my culinary skills weren't all that developed—when the door bell rang. Both Tan and his brother, Huan were there. Not giving me time to react, they quickly pushed on by me leaving me to close the door behind them. Tan spoke first, "Why do you look so surprised? Didn't you get my message?" Before I could say anything, he went on, "Look, Huan only has a little while before he has to be back to the studio. He wanted to check up on you and see if how your skills were developing in case Sarah asks for a report. So don't waste time, boy....loose the clothes, NOW!" 

As I immediately began ripping off my clothes, Huan smiled at his younger brother obviously pleased with his control over me. "He's responding well to your commands, Tan but what I really need to see is how he's responding sexually. I know it is still early in his training, but does he focus on your needs and does pleasing you get him off? That's the true sign of a submissive."

I was hearing it but not processing it—"the true sign of a submissive." My thoughts flashed back to my high school days. I was one of those guys on the margins. I wasn't a jock or a geek but blended into the crowd. I had wanted to belong—hell, who didn't. Yet, I was always a pleaser. I wanted my parents to be happy and my teachers and friends as well. I didn't view myself as a submissive but then there were probably times in Boy Scouts and in gym when the signs were there. 

Before I could get too lost in my thoughts, Tan snapped his fingers, "down on the floor, boy! When either Huan or I are here, unless we say otherwise, I expect you on the ground looking up at us." 

I didn't realize it at the time, but Tan was reemphasizing posture as a means of dominance. Clearly, he was smaller than I was and could not easily physically dominate me. He had to do so through the strength of his will and my growing openness to his power of suggestion. 

When I was on my knees looking up at him, waiting for his next command, he patted my head and said, "Good boy." I found myself grabbing on his legs and rubbing my face on his pants as if they were a source of security. Huan noticed it immediately for what it was—an affection for and a submission to his brother. "I'm impressed, Tan" he said. You've worked far faster than I expected. But is he good for you? Does he meet your needs as you are meeting his for dominance and mastery?"

Dominance and mastery....my need...what were they talking about? Maybe it was the fact that being average never got me anywhere. Where the jocks and even some of the geeks got the girls, they never seemed to pay attention to me. Mom and Dad always lavished their attention on my older and younger brothers. I don't think it was ever intentional, but I never seemed to the object of their attention. Instead, they were always at my brothers' sports meets and meeting their girlfriends before the Proms. I was never the star at anything, was too shy to date—at least that's what I tried to convince myself the reason for my reticence was—and generally stuck to myself.

While all this was swirling in my head, Tan said, "Boy, make me happy!" Without thinking, I shuffled over to where he was standing and very carefully and respectfully unzipped his fly and removed his hot Vietnamese dong from his Calvin Kleins. It was still soft but a sight to behold. I honestly couldn't get enough of it. Maybe he was doing me a favor because kneeling in front of him, being allowed to touch that work of perfection and at the same time, inhale his powerful scent brought me peace. 

It was as if I were home. He was giving me the attention that no one had previously in my life and I wanted to show him my affection and thankfulness. 

I immediately started to kiss his dick and work my lips around his beautiful head. Tan grabbed my head and told me to look up and meet his eyes. "You really need this don't you, Matt? I'm not making you do this am I? You've realized how much you need me and what a favor I'm doing for you, don't you?" 

This was a moment that marked a transition in our relationship. Before I had acquiesced....but now there was no denying it. I had found my place and any doubts I had harbored were gone. I was simply happy being allowed to be where I was, kneeling before a young, Vietnamese stud who had exerted his dominant will over me. I was liberated by it...freed to be the gay boy I had always been but never allowed myself to be. And so I nodded, "Yes" never letting his cock leave my mouth -- and all this was witnessed by Huan, sealing my fate and my future with these boys.

"Well done, baby brother," Huan said. "I can see he's all yours. Now let's see what he can do for you. I need to gauge his progress in order to determine what you should do next. Remember, a true submissive wants to please his Master and gets off on his Master's happiness. When you make white boy here work for you, you are doing him a favor. Otherwise, he can't find his place in life or true happiness. You wouldn't want to deprive boy of that? Would you?"

With that, Tan began to fuck my face, holding my head with both hands so that I couldn't pull off his cock even if I had wanted to. He was jamming it down my throat and I couldn't help but gag. Tan said, "boy, don't you even try to pull off—if you want this cock, you'll take it however I choose to deliver it....do you understand?" My eyes were watering and I was trying had to breathe and couldn't do much else but nod my head once again. 

The odd thing was my clit's involuntary reaction—just my submission to Tan got me hard. It was as if my body had learned a new means of sexual response. Maybe like a woman's pussy, the throat of some men when stimulated by a hot, juicy cock, causes an orgasm. At least that's what I was wondering as I worked Tan's Asian spear.

Tan was being more aggressive than ever before. In retrospect, I think he was trying to prove his dominance and my willing submission as well as impress his older brother. All I know is that it seemed to go on forever, that is, until my clit hardened and began to spurt all over Tan's left leg. 

"Shit, did you feel that, Baby Bro? Princess here just shot all over your leg—and she did it just from pleasing you! Now that's what I call a well-trained girl—cumming as she pleases her man!" 

With that, Tan abruptly pushed me off his rampant cock and said, "Clean it off, boy....NOW! I don't want your cum on me. Now lick it off and swallow ever drop!" I leaned over and licked his leg. I found my own cum rather gross but I was getting used to it's texture even though I preferred Tan's. Mine wasn't as spicy or thick. Maybe, too, the quality had something to do with the fact that his were real baby makers unlike mine which I now realized would never swim into a woman's womb. 

Tan didn't give me any respite. He snapped his fingers and said, "On your back with your legs pulled back and your pussy exposed!" It wasn't a request; it was an order. I never thought to stand up like a real man would when this boy-punk ordered me around. Instead, I drooled as I gazed up at this dominant stud, his dick gleaming with my spit pointing up toward his navel as it surged with blood. With a triumphant sneer, he fell to his knees and yanked mine a part. My pussy pulsed with my desire. I didn't just yearn for his dick, I wanted it badly. 

"Tell me what you want, Baby," Tan cooed, his almost black eyes staring into my soul. "I want you to fuck me," I replied. With his hands still on my knees which were pulled about as wide as possible, Tan's cockhead touched my now twitching pussy lips. "Pull your cheeks apart, and tell me how bad you want it," Tan said. 

My heart was racing. My clit was engorged to its maximum size and I had only cum moments before. If anything, my cock betrayed me. Like a woman, my nipples were hard—all the physiological aspects of sexual response were fired up. Even if I wanted to, I couldn't deny my Master.

"Sir, I need you. I want you to fuck me," I pleaded. The only lube on Tan's dick was what I had provided with my mouth. Even so, my ass opened as he slid, gently at first, into my ass pussy. "OWWW," I cried, as the pain overcame my desire. Tan, the manly stud that he is, didn't want his "girl" to suffer but to find pleasure in being his pleasure, pushed me forward and spit copiously on my pussy without ever pulling out his dick. His saliva proved to be a soothing balm as he quickly resumed breeding me. 

His fuck was relentless. After awhile, Huan couldn't help but pull out his own cock as he watched, enthralled at the powerful fuck his younger brother was throwing me. "Yeah, fuck that pussy!" Breed the bitch! Inject her with your power!" He yelled.

Tan's eyes were so dark I could barely stand to look at them. Still, he ordered me to look up, to gaze upon his personal triumph as he once again proved his domination over me. To see him in the throes of his fuck was to gaze upon a masterpiece. He allowed me to take my legs off his shoulders and lock them around his ass, pulling him more deeply into me. 

I wanted him—no I needed him to pierce deep inside me as if drawing him in would unite me with him. 

I have no idea how long he lasted. But I knew time was marching on when Huan's dick erupted all over my face and hair. Tan just laughed at his brother's actions and began to power fuck me...smacking himself hard against my inner thighs. Avoiding his brother's cum, he leaned down and kissed me, shoving his tongue deep into my mouth seemingly as deep as his dick was in my ass. The combination of the pressure on my prostate, his stomach on my dick and his tongue deep in my mouth caused me to experience a sensation overload. I came yet again and must have blanked out momentarily. Yet hearing Tan's bellow, "I'm cumming brought me quickly back to reality!" 

"Wow, Bro," Huan observed. "You fucked him like a porn star! There's not much left for me to teach you. All I can say is, enjoy, cause boy, here, was made for you to play like a violin."

Tan, now fully spent, pulled out of me. 

I was too exhausted to move and totally overwhelmed by the most incredible moment of my life. What more could there be, I wondered. What did all this mean? Only time would help to clarify!

-----------------------------

Guys—I'll be away for about ten days. Look for me to pick up the story when I get back. That is, of course, if you want more! 