 Thanks for those who've written to encourage me to continue the series. I hope this keeps you satisfied while I ponder writing the next chapter!

------------------------------------------------

Once Alex left, Tan looked at his watch, "Damn, I was supposed to meet my brother at 8:00 p.m. and it's nearly 8:30 p.m. At least I emptied my balls twice — I sure needed the relief. Look, I told my family you wanted to host us on Sunday afternoon at 2:00 p.m. so I expect you to have this place sparkling. Make sure Alex's room is in perfect order and have some snacks and drinks for us to enjoy. If you do a good job, I'll make an excuse to come back give you a reward," Alex said as he cupped his oversized balls through his jeans. "Since I'm already late, assume the position and empty me one last time so I can make it until Sunday!" my boy-Master ordered as he pointed to the position in front of his chair. 

With that, Tan slouched down so his butt was on the edge of the comfortable lazy boy Alex preferred. 

On my knees before him, I could see the outline of his spear and carefully undid his jeans and hauled out that amazing weapon for one final suck. Frankly, my throat felt a bit raw from the earlier invasion, but I hoped Tan's powerful cum would soon coat the walls of my throat and work healing magic. Regardless of what I wanted, Tan would not be denied and I knew I had to concentrate on satisfying him.

Tan hooked his legs around my shoulders and squeezed my head with his surprisingly powerful thighs. His cock was deep in my throat and my nose was smashed into his thick, black pubic bush. He got off on his power over me and his ability to fuck my throat without having to use his hands to control me. "Damn, Matt, no real man would ever let a punk like me dominate him like this! I bet your clit is hard right now, practically dripping as my man-cock ravages your throat. Until my brother gave you to me to handle my needs, I would never have believed it. Yes, Matt, suck your little Asian Master's cock. Service your Daddy's spear! Get off by submitting to your superior!"

Tan's rambling commentary was really fucking up my brain. He, again, verbally fucked me just as his huge cock rubbed the walls of my throat, his thick head pushing its way practically to my stomach! When I tried to look up, his pubic hairs were all I could see, so dense were they that it almost seemed dark despite the lights being on. 

"Huan told me that even when I find some white chick to fuck in my room, I'll still be coming back to you for blow jobs. He said I'd be doing you a favor since you get off servicing me and need my cum so badly to make up for what your body clearly doesn't produce!"

I'm not sure my mind registered what he was saying so engrossed was I in trying to breathe in between his onslaught. But then, how could I hope for a permanent relationship with this incredible stud. Yep, I was the gay one, not him. He was simply "helping" me understand my need to submit to real men while biding his time until he could get out from under his parents control. Moving into my apartment would be his means of achieving emancipation.

Naturally, Tan could read my mind. "Don't worry, Baby, Daddy Tan won't abandon you. I've trained you and I'll make sure you're pussy won't be empty."

"With that, his legs pulled me so completely on his cock I thought I'd choke! Then he began spewing his third load of the night into me, his baby makers going straight into my stomach. Naturally, my clit responded in kind, filling my briefs with my own fluid. As I stood up after cleansing Tan's cock with my tongue, Tan pointed to my now spotted jeans and laughed. "See, Mattie, I took care of you didn't I!" 

I was too embarrassed to reply and simply turned red as I stood in front of him, my head hanging in shame.

"Don't feel so bad, Baby. We all need to get off in our own way. Men get off by fucking and women by being fucked. If you were a real man, you'd come by putting a cock in mouth or a cunt. But you're not. It's not your fault. Instead of a man's cock, you were made with a more womanly clit. You get off by being fucked like a woman does. I'm simply helping you realize that you were made to serve real men like me. That you came in your panties while servicing your man is only a sign that you've realized I've been telling you the truth about yourself. Look, now that you're coming along so well, I may let you grow a few pubes around your clit as long as you keep your pussy bare. We'll shape them into a heart or something, Ok?" Tan said. "Now I've really got to go. Make sure you're ready for Mom and Dad's visit on Sunday. I know you don't want to let me down!"

With that, he was out the door leaving me to ponder his words, as I stood encased in my sticky panties covered up by a pair of tight jeans!

It was close to 9:00 p.m. when Tan had finally left. He had cum three times: twice deep in my throat and once embedded in my womb. I literally had his baby makers in both ends. You have no idea what a relief that was. I was so pent-up with need and could now go to sleep relaxed from the release of my own sexual fluids. While I know I should call it cum when I share this story with you, I'm not sure anymore what to think of it. 

Tan always expects me to consume whatever comes out of my clit, even if it is a mere impotent stream compared to his masculine seed. So I did just that after going to my bedroom and getting out of my clothes. I took my panties and licked up the sticky mess I had made before wiping my clit off with my left hand and again, cleaning my fingers. Quality wise, there was no comparison. The taste did nothing for me. But orders are orders. While I'm sure all the men in my life were out doing more interesting things, I was sitting on the toilet, peeing, before washing up for bed.

I would have slept like a log, but two things were bothering me: Tan's intentions to fuck white chicks and the pending visit of his parents on Sunday. So, early on Saturday, I found myself up and loading the washing machine with my own dirty clothes. Naturally, I knew I'd have to wash Alex's clothes once he rolled out of bed. By 9:00 a.m., I had my room in pretty decent order. My bathroom was sparkling which was important since it was in the hall. I had cleaned the kitchen after eating a light breakfast. Finally, albeit partly comatose, Alex came out of his room in just a pair of boxers. He scratched his hairy crotch much to my discomfort as he made a beeline for coffee. 

"Did you and Tan have fun last night?" Alex asked. "While you were in the shower, he told me he was going to give you a deep massage and loosen you up a bit. Did it feel good?"

So that's what they were laughing about when I came into the living room. I only wonder if Alex understood that Tan had already loosened up my pussy with his big rod and that the next massage was going to be given to my throat!

"Yeah, it did," was all I could mutter, my throat slightly hoarse from the two "massages" I received. I couldn't help thinking things would have been worse if Tan hadn't lubricated my throat so thoroughly with his protein-rich seed. 

"Look, Alex, Tan's parents are coming by tomorrow afternoon and he wants them to see his future room. Are you going out at some point so I can get in there and get things cleaned up?" I asked.

"Yeah, no problem," Alex responded. "I'm going to the gym and work out. I'll shower down there so I don't mess things up. You can wash my jock and shit when I get back. My room's a bit rank. I'm glad you have an excuse to have to clean up after me! It will be nice when I'm married and have a woman to do things for me. But for now, you'll have to do!" Alex said as he tousled my hair and grabbed some yogurt out of the fridge!

"Look, Alex, you aren't getting married to a maid, so don't treat me like one!" I wanted to yell. But of course, I knew it wouldn't make any difference so I just kept my mouth shut.

After downing his coffee and slurping his way through the yogurt, Alex sauntered off to his room and changed into his workout gear. Once he left, I went in to his room and surveyed the work that lay ahead of me. I decided to start in his bathroom. It was a mess. The soap scum on his shower door took hours to scrub off, as did the rest of the shower stall. The toilet wasn't great either. One advantage of squatting to pee was that I didn't miss like Alex evidently had. YUCK! I couldn't help but chuckle that obeying Tan in how I went to the bathroom had paid me unexpected dividends in easing my own housekeeping chores! I only hoped Tan would prove to have better aim, but then, he was shorter and would be closer to the bowl. What a weird thought to have. I just hoped he'd at least clean his own bathroom.

As I was finishing Alex's bathroom, he returned from working out. "Damn, Matt, you still working on my bathroom?" he cried out, practically scaring the shit out of me. 

"You're a fucking slob, Alex," I screamed right back at him. "I hope your fiancé knows what she's getting into."

"Now you know why we didn't live together before our marriage," Alex retorted, laughing as he threw his dirty jock, t-shirt and the rest of his athletic gear on the pile of dirty laundry waiting for me to do. Alex went to watch TV leaving me the rest of the cleaning to do. I really didn't mean to, but I couldn't help but sniff his seemingly still-warm jock. Damn, but that cotton and nylon mesh that had surrounded my roommates cock seemed to be beckoning me. I stuck my nose into the pouch and could smell his scent. It was all male. Alex wasn't unattractive to me. I guess I was so fixated on Tan that I had never thought about him at all. Still, my clit got hard simply from sniffing his essence. I couldn't face the ramifications of all that now, not with Tan's family coming over to see the apartment tomorrow so I got a hold of myself and took the pile to the washer to sort into two loads. Even though his clothes weren't mine, I'd at least separate them into whites and coloreds.

By mid-afternoon, Alex's room looked better than it ever had been. I still had to scramble and figure out some snacks to have for the Nguyens. I figured some hot tea home-made cookies would be adequate. I ran to the store so I'd have what I needed and could make the cookies up shortly before they came. There's nothing like the smell of fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies to soften anyone's heart, I thought.

2:00 p.m. Sunday came before I knew it. I had been a ball of nerves, not exactly sure what I was getting myself into. Alex had stuck around since he was the one signing the lease over to Tan. Mr. and Mrs. Nguyen were both in their early 40s. He was pretty hot for a 40-something...or maybe I just found him surprisingly good looking because I had sucked his two son's cocks. Mr. Nguyen was a surprisingly tall 5'8", had jet-black hair and eyes. His wife was a petite woman with lustrous, thick, long black hair. In the back of my mind, I wondered if "Dad" Nugyen had a big cock like his boys or if the gene came from the Mom's side. 

While I was lost in thought, Alex had ushered the family in. Naturally, Tan's two sisters were there too. One was slightly older, between Tan and Huan's age, and the other about four years younger. The girls, especially, seemed impressed as they wandered around the apartment. "You guys are neat freaks," the older one said as she walked through the master bathroom. 

Alex responded, "Not really, but thanks to Matt, the apartment is generally pretty decent. However, Tan might want an hour's notice before his Mom stops by!" he said, with a wink in her direction.

Most of the conversation seemed to be between the Nugyens and Alex. Tan's mother, though, did ask me to show her the kitchen and remarked, "You'll need to pick up a rice cooker when my son moves in. I can't imagine Tan not having rice at most of his meals! Alex mentioned you've done most of the cooking. At our home, we try to eat healthy and avoid many of the American processed foods. I'm sure my girls can give you tips presuming you'll continue doing most of the cooking so Tan can concentrate on his studies." 

Mrs. Nugyen's comments were said in a polite and friendly manner but still seemed like an expectation rather than a suggestion. What is it about this Vietnamese family, I wondered, that enabled them to exert such dominance over me?

While I was showing Mrs. Nugyen the kitchen, Tan's dad was talking about the lease with Alex. "I would sign for my son, but Tan's proving to be his own man. He knows what he wants and how to get it. I expect he'll be holding court here as soon as you move out. Why don't you and he meet at the rental agency next week. We'll give him a check to reimburse you for the security deposit and his share of June's rent. 

On their way out, Mr. Nugyen finally addressed a few words to me. "Matt, my son Tan may look young but he's very strong willed. If you don't stand up to him in the beginning, he'll soon have you under his control. I hope you enjoy sharing with him, and through him, getting to know more about our family and culture. Vietnam and her people are very proud. We threw out the Chinese, French and Americans so don't confuse our gentleness with weakness!" With that, they were out the door!

"Damn, that was intense!" I said, thinking aloud!

Alex chimed in, "You got that right! I think Tan's coming back later on and he and I can set up a time to meet with the rental agency and get the papers signed over. I'm glad you got my room cleaned up. It will make it easier to pack since I'm out of here in only a few weeks!" With that, Alex sat in his chair, picked up the remote and turned on a baseball game.

I was tired from all the work I had put in prepping for "the visit!" Plus, I was perplexed by what Tan's Dad had said. Already, I could sense the balance of power so to speak shifting in Tan's favor. He was already in charge of me sexually but I wasn't sure how much more things were going to change when he moved in. In addition, how was I supposed to stand up to him given the control he already had over me?

While Alex watched the sports channel, I went to my room, closed the door, took off my shirt and trousers and fell asleep, face down on my bed in the panties Tan expects me to wear. I was startled out of my slumber when I felt a sharp smack to my panty-encased ass.

"Damn, It's good to see your ass under those green panties practically begging for Daddy's cock!" Tan growled. Before I could react, Tan grabbed my legs and pulled me back towards him as he swiftly shucked his shorts and boxers.

"When did you get here," I replied still in a bit of a sleep-induced daze. 

"Oh, I've been shooting the shit with Alex and watching the games for about an hour. We talked about what furniture is his and what is yours. I texted Dad and he's going to tell Huan to help me buy a new chair to replace the lazy boy. Plus, Alex's fiancé wants a new bed so he's selling me his bedroom furniture. I called Mom and she said to get a new mattress pad and sheets but otherwise thinks it will be ok to start with. At least with a new mattress pad, I won't be dealing with any of Alex's cum stains! But, hey, let's get on to a more important subject!" Tan, said as he spread my legs and stood between them, aiming his Asian spear at my pussy.

"Please, Tan," I whined, "I'm not lubed, you'll kill me, you're too big!" 

"Nope, Baby, we're just going to use spit. Daddy needs that sweet pussy of your's NOW! You should have pre-lubed knowing I was coming back for what is mine! This will teach you to ready for your Master's cock at all times once I'm moved in!"

With that, he shoved my legs even wider apart and began to push in. My pussy seemed to obey him more than it did me. His spit was an ineffective lubricant and I felt as if he were splitting me wide open. As I moaned, Tan reached around and put his hands over my mouth as he whispered in my ear, "Alex is just outside your room. Unless you want him to know his roommates nothing but a pussy boy, you better keep your mouth shut!"

Tan, then grabbed me around my chest for leverage and began pistoning his cock in and out of me. Thankfully, his cock provided its own, natural lubricant that began to soothe the pain of his masterful entry into my otherwise dry pussy. I could feel his taut abs against my back as he rabbit fucked his engorged cock in and out of me. 

Tiring of standing, Tan pulled out and told me to move forward onto my bed and to get on my knees. He had me put my head down and pushed forward so I was looking back at my clit as it swayed back and forth. It was an obscene image. His knees were in between mine, his abs glued to my back as I held up both our weight, and the noise of his penetration like that of a metronome keeping a steady beat as his thighs made contact with my more feminine and padded cheeks.

Tan started playing with my nipples sending electric shocks straight to my clit! As he continued his fuck he leaned forward and said, "Your breasts are flatter than a Vietnamese girl's, Matt, but boy do your nipples get hard whenever I'm fucking you! Do you realize that sexually, you're wired differently than most men? Look back at me, Baby, feel my hips as they slap your ass into submission. Feel my hard cock as it reaches deep into your womb. I'm going to breed you, Matt. Every time my sperm goes into you, you become more and more mine."

I don't know how Tan had the stamina to fuck like he did. But the next thing I knew, he had repositioned me on my back, shoved my legs apart and rammed his cock back in, balls deep. "Yes, Matt, you were made to be under a real man. I'm going to make you cum, yet again, to prove my mastery over you!"

And he was right! I gasped as my clit without any direct stimulation, shot wad after wad all over my stomach pooling in my belly button. Tan leaned forward against my legs, and stared down into my eyes with a victorious smirk as kept up his assault on my pussy. Sweat dripped off his forehead! He was such a manly stud it was unbelievable. Tan curled his left hand around my leg and used his fingers to capture my cum and made me lick them clean. Perhaps it was the image of me splayed underneath his masculine body, so totally under his control or he simply had worked himself up to a final frenzy that had him slamming into me and then shooting his sperm as deep as he possibly could.

Finally sated, Tan rolled off me and just laid there, totally quiet, next to me on the bed. Finally, he said, "You're lucky the TV was on or Alex would have been in here to find out why you were moaning so loudly! Now go get a washcloth and wipe me off. I've got to get going. Monday's only around the corner!"

He was out the door and it was only 6:00 p.m. I could only wonder what the rest of the week would be like!