 Please consider sending some positive feedback. I'm amazed how few out of the thousands that read these stories either vote or comment. Thanks! And, if there just happens to be an Asian male reader, I'd especially love your thoughts!

-------------------------------------

Surprisingly, I didn't see Tan for a few days and I was in agony because of it. I had slept terribly trying to resist the sexually oriented dreams that tormented me and the male instinct that still seemed present urging me to masturbate in the fashion normal for males despite all of Tan's instructions that I think of my dick as a clit. I may not have been a man like Tan, but I swear my sperm, or whatever bodily fluids my sex organs produced, had backed up into my brain. Yeah, hard, my clit was only about 5.5 inches, probably less than the average male's dick as Tan had consistently pointed out. Visually, though, it looked puny compared to Tan's more masculine and olive colored weapon. Another inch and a half on a guy so much more compact than I am made for a dramatic difference. 

Damn, just thinking about that cock could get me so worked up! Still, half of me simply wanted to cum and be free of Tan's control! The other half, though, held the upper hand telling me Tan would smack my ass raw and deny me contact with what I craved if I disobeyed him. I was so damn conflicted that I had become irritable. Maybe Dave was right, I was on the rag because I felt like so many girls acted when their periods were about to kick in.

Finally, Friday evening around 7:00 p.m., Tan knocked on my door and strutted in like he owned the place—or soon would once Alex signed the lease over to him. He went and sat down in what was typically Alex's chair. Just as Alex had pointed out the other day, his legs were spread wide, and one hand was near his crotch not far from that massive weapon of his. 

"Coke" he said, naturally expecting me to get it for him and to attend to his comforts before he permitted me to think of mine. But then, taking care of the needs of other men was becoming "natural" for me, at work for Dave, at home for Alex and completely for Tan! After I placed his drink on a coaster on the end table next to his chair, Tan pointed to the spot between his legs and said, "knees!" It was an order I didn't fight! 

After sitting silently and sipping his coke for what seemed like hours but was only a few minutes, Tan snapped his fingers to get my attention. I had been staring intently at his cock outlined so visibly underneath his shorts. Seeing my focus, Tan grabbed his crotch with two hands and said, "Don't worry, baby, your Asian Daddy's going to give you some loving with THIS before he goes home!" With that, he couldn't help himself and chortled with his sexy laughter. 

In a way, it broke the ice. I was pent up with my own need for him and undoubtedly, this manly yet barely 18 year-old Asian hunk needed some release too, as the obscene bulge between his wide-spread legs pointed out. 

"Tonight, I want us to get some things out in the open," Tan said, "but first let's get these tight shorts off so my cock and balls can breathe!" With that, my Vietnamese Master stood, unsnapped his shorts and said, "Why don't you finish off the job, Matt! You know you want this—and more importantly, need this," as he hefted his egg-sized balls in front of my bulging eyes. 

Carefully, I pulled his taut underwear over his semi-engorged cock and then pulled both his underwear and shorts down his surprisingly hairy legs. Immediately he boned up and the object of my lust snapped up, smacking his defined stomach making my eyes drool with absolute and total desire. Tan stepped out of his clothes and kicked them aside before pulling my nose into his lustrous, thick, black pubic bush. What a contrast it was to my own baby-smooth body. I had been begging Tan to let me grow back my pubes, but still never had as thick a bush as did the object of my desires! This short, but powerfully built Asian was clearly all man and wanted me to know it.

"Breathe deeply, Mattie," Tan said. "Inhale my powerful scent. Let it intoxicate you and bring you to a better state of mind. Tan lifted up his semi-hardened cock so that my nose was nestled in his balls while his cock road the top of my nose ending way up on my forehead. A spot of pre-cum marked me in glistening white in the same spot a high-caste Indian woman would have red. Being so close to the source of my sexual fulfillment had a two-fold effect on me. Of course, my clit fluffed up unbidden, but I also became instantly calm. I can't speak for other gay men, but as an emerging sexual submissive, there was clearly more to all this than physical. These Vietnamese boys were getting deep into my psyche and somehow understood my need for a man who could take control with firmness over my life yet do so in what was actually a caring and respectful way. Surprisingly, while keeping me on the edge, neither had actually hurt me. When Tan took my virginity, it wasn't rape. I didn't bleed. Instead, he recognized something about me I had here-to-fore been unable to see in myself. And smelling his manhood helped me not to feel the loss of my own but instead caused me to feel an intense sense of gratitude for his willingness to share his masculinity with me. 

Tan had helped me see that I was deficient in some way, and that I had an intense need to serve him. Through that service, I felt fulfilled, sexually and in reality, humanly as well. I would never have dreamed that I would learn to cum while focused on another man's body and not my own. Tan was subtly instructing me that my years of routine masturbation had harmed my development. Masturbation, considered by most as so natural for teens, Tan pointed out, had stunted my maturity much as the psychologists had long pointed out. Instead of reading stories (such as this) to "get off", Tan showed me I had no "staying power" but came quickly with little stimulation. Instead, when I focused on accommodating the masterful strokes of his masculine spear a transition occurred. 

Lately he had found pleasure in taking me doggy style. Although I preferred submitting to his needs on my back like a woman, he loved gauging my reactions when he changed from long stroking, to total withdrawal followed by a quick re-insertion and then to a more fast-paced, animalistic fuck! Tan said he loved smacking my ass and watching it jiggle for him. Even when he didn't smack me, my butt cheeks still turned red from the repeated contact with his incredibly powerful thighs. However, Tan was protected by his thick pubes and I, on the other hand, had, you might say, no such padding!

I guess I had gotten so lost in reflection that Tan had become inpatient. "Damn, Matt, you'd think I had hypnotized you simply by allowing you to be so close to my cock! Don't you think its time you show me how much you need me in you? Now I'm going to sit back in Alex's chair and have you get me nice and juicy before I make love to your pussy. Have you been a good girl for me, baby? Have you kept your hands from playing with your clitty?"

I vigorously moved my head up and down and replied, "Oh please, PLEASE, Tan, let me suck your cock. I need you so badly! I've missed you and my pussy is throbbing in desire for you. Please let me have you inside me!"

Tan laughed, "Alright, baby, since you asked so nicely!" he said as he shoved his cock balls-deep into my throat before I had a chance to react. Despite all my acquired skill, I still gagged on his weapon of prodigious length and surprising girth. As my eyes watered, Tan grabbed my chin and forced me to look into his eyes, "You better not let me down, Matt, or I won't give you my seed!" 

I'm not sure if my tears were from gagging or fear he would choose to deny me! However, as soon as I quit focusing on myself but only on pleasing him, my throat muscles were able to relax and I was able to give him a first-rate blowjob. Clearly, Tan had been saving up. His hands, grasped the back of my head in a vice-grip as he held me onto his cock and shot wad after wad seemingly directly into my stomach. Near the end, he back off so the last few shots could land on my tongue. I knew the drill. He wanted to see his spunk on my tongue and witness me savor its pungent flavor before submissively swallowing it as I gazed into his eyes. 

Maybe it was simply because of his youth, but Tan seemed to keep his hard-on just from witnessing my reaction to his control. Indeed, I am not sure either of us realized it yet, but in reality, we fed off each other. My submission to his will fed his still youthful ego that in turn gave me a form of inner peace as I savored his external release. You could say that Tan seeded me both physically and mentally. His taste permeated my mouth as his sticky and thick essence was absorbed either into my digestive system, or made its way, up channel, to fertilize my womb. Mentally, Tan simply ruled my senses: his scent was deep in my nostrils, his taste in my mouth and his touch incited me wherever his body and mine made contact. Of course, I could never get enough of gazing upon his incredible body or hearing his surprisingly deep and resonant voice. The totality of what is him simply overwhelmed me. 

With his rampant cock still hard even after spurting a mouthful of rich, spicy cum down my throat, Tan was clearly ready for more. He was at his prime and literally, given his self-control, could go for hours! Tan pulled out of my mouth with a popping sound leaving me on my knees in front of him with drool all over my face. He couldn't help but laugh seeing my look of abject sorrow once his meaty dong was no longer imbedded in me. "Don't worry baby," he said, "I'm about to plug that tight pussy of yours as soon as I've got you ready!"

With that, he reached for the pocket of his jeans and pulled out a small hotel-sized container of hand cream. I was still on my knees with my clothes on when Tan snapped his fingers and said, "Matt, clothes off, NOW!" 

I don't think I've ever moved so quickly in my life. Here we were in the middle of the apartment's living room. While Alex was probably out for the evening, he did, sometimes pop back and with his fiancé. Yet, Tan really didn't care if he saw us. Hell, this youthful Vietnamese stud was about to mount his older white bitch. Had the situation been reversed, it might have mattered. But from Tan's perspective, at least HE had nothing to lose and he wanted to take me now, out here where there was just the slightest risk of my further humiliation! Tan grabbed me by the scruff of my neck as his obscenely engorged prick jutted out from his body so full of blood that it swayed from side to side. He maneuvered me near the front window so my face was slightly above the sill and I could gaze out into the street only separated from the glass by a sheer curtain. 

Tan, laughed, and said, "Matt, I thought I'd fuck you on your knees, doggy style, so you could see our reflection and also be able to tell if Alex or anyone else showed up!" The obsceneness of it all overwhelmed my senses as my Asian master rubbed my pussy lips and his dong with cream, lined himself up before grabbing on my shoulders and ramming himself in. The suddenness of his entry resulted in searing but brief pain. 

Normally, he fingered me to loosen me up. But tonight, Tan wanted to demonstrate ownership for any and all to see. I was his for the taking in whatever manner he wanted. I couldn't and wouldn't resist his advances because I needed them to be made complete!

As Tan had made me realize, I would never experience the thrill of penetrating another thus I couldn't put into words what he felt as his cock slid into its sheath. My pussy was, he told me, like satiny velvet. My inner muscles gripped him and pulled him deeper as if my life depended upon it. He was intoxicated by my need for and my submission to him. 

On the other hand, when he invaded me, I could feel the heat from his spear deep inside me. I was a virgin when he first took me and had not been opened by any other which freed Tan from worry of disease and as I was infertile (meaning I could not bear his children), Tan could implant his seed without the stress of pregnancy. Tan leaned forward and placed his hands around me. With his cock imbedded deeply in me, because of his shorter stature, his head was further back behind mine. His lips couldn't reach my ear. But still, his whispered words of control over me fed me with need as his tightly muscled chest massaged my back while he pummeled my pussy with his desire.

My breath was hot, steaming up the window in front of me as I witnessed my Asian prince rutting deep within me. Tan grabbed my breasts and squeezed them. "Baby, I wish you weren't so flat so I could fuck your cleavage! Maybe when I move in, you can take some hormones and develop a b-cup for me," he said with much mirth as my head spun with abject fear! Still, I couldn't resist him when he began playing with my nipples, pinching and pulling them causing my clit to react even more as if that were humanly possible. Smack, smack, smack the sounds continued as he fucked me. He had already cum and now could control his orgasm even better. I swear this stud could last for hours! 

Unable to touch my clit even if I wanted to as my hands were on the floor holding up both our bodies, I could still feel my own orgasm rapidly approaching. "Fuck me, Tan," I screamed, "I'm about to cum!" 

"No, Baby, not until I tell you," he replied, as he quickly dismounted me. Tan jumped up, his cock smeared with our juices smacked his belly. He then ran to the kitchen to grab a towel to place under us. "Look, I don't want either of us to make a mess on the carpet since it will soon be mine!" he said. "Now get up and get in that bean bag chair on your back. You are going to cum when I say so, with your hands behind your head as you look into my eyes while I fuck you to your release!" 

I didn't hesitate but moved that instant as he had directed. At first, the vinyl was so cold to my naked back that I shivered. Tan grabbed my legs and placed them on his more slim shoulders. My pussy was already opened and pulsing from his earlier fucking and didn't resist his insertion. Still, even though his entry no longer hurt, I made a sound as my lungs deflated in response to his aggressive claiming of me. As before, I stared into his almond-shaped, black eyes and saw that almost indescribable look of conquest as he repeatedly rammed himself ever deeper into me. It was as if he was reaching into my soul through my eyes as his cockhead pierced the deep inner ring that, I'm told, only a man with a long enough cock can ever reach. 

My clit was semi-engorged. It didn't need to be hard like Tan's cock was because it was going nowhere. Like a woman's cIit, it was not going to enter a darned thing. Instead, it oozed fluid every time Tan's cock rubbed my prostrate. I don't know if my balls tightened up or not. Tan told me my prostrate was an inner nut and his cock determined whether I would cum or simply writhe in agony, not reaching release. 

Thankfully, Tan's weapon knew, instinctively, what to do. It was both long and thick enough to exert his dominion over me. While I tried to hold my head steady, I couldn't help but move it side to side, the feelings he raised in me simply overloaded my senses. 

The sound of raw, masculine sex must be interesting. Tan told me he was going to tape us so I could hear what I sounded like as I made an "ah, ah, ah" sound every time he rammed deep inside me. My whimpering was notable as was the sound of air being pushed out of my by his fuck. Add to that, the smacking sound of his body's contact with mine. 

Some people believe our union to be "unnatural." But there's almost a perfect fit as if the male specimen was made to insert himself into his submissive whether it be a man or a woman. Tan said that my sex really didn't matter because, when he fucked me, I was, for all practical purposes a woman to him. At one point, Tan looked down at me as him member was embedded into my inner womb. He laughed as he saw his thick, black pubic hair surrounding my bald pussy and said, "Damn, Matt, it's a good thing I have enough hair for the both of us!"

He continued his rutting like wild male mammals do every Spring. He leaned forward, making me into a sandwich and allowing his cock to get deeper inside me. With his newfound leverage, his eyes were even closer to mine. Insistently, he forced his mouth onto mine, his tongue pushed into my mouth making me shudder. Apparently most men close their eyes when making out or having sex, but ours stayed completely open, neither of us wanting to miss a reaction. 

As his spear rubbed my prostrate now, I felt as if I were receiving electrical shocks. My mouth was his, my pussy was his, my clit felt the wonder of his taut abs—I was in complete overload. As I began to cum, no longer able to exert any control but only able to submit to his mastery, I momentarily passed out. He had fucked me to orgasm with his words, his incredible body and a Vietnamese lance that both penetrated and owned me totally and completely!

When I came to, Tan was grinning and looking down on me. He was dripping with sweat from all his physical exertions. Actually, the fucking made him ravenous. He had lasted for at least 45 minutes, which was, in reality, a massive workout! 

My pussy was sore from all the action but I didn't care. The release of pent up emotion and cum was more than worth it! Tan had pushed my legs off his shoulders and I had locked them around his lithe waist not wanting him ever to leave me. 

I couldn't help but cry as I gazed up into the eyes of the one who had just so completely dominated every aspect of my being. No one had ever made me feel as he had. Did I love him? Could he ever love me? I was awash in emotions beyond my capacity to process. All I knew is that I didn't want this, whatever it was, to end. Whether or not the world saw into that living room at that moment and witnessed my complete physical, sexual and emotional submission to this youthful Vietnamese master, I simply didn't care!

Like the youth he was, Tan wasn't one to lie around, even if he was totally sated from sex. He pried my legs apart, rolled off me and ordered me to my feet. Once I was standing vulnerable and naked in front of him, he lazily fell back on the beanbag chair and with a cocky grin, told me to make him something good to eat. "Stay naked and keep your pussy lips together as I don't want any of my baby makers dripping out. Instead I want them swimming deep inside of you, entering your blood stream and making you totally mine," he ordered!

I must have looked like a prostitute. My hair was matted, my neck felt sticky from where he licked, marked and claimed me both on the back and on the front while he fucked me. I had my own cum, now drying where it had pooled near my belly button, and after such an intense and lengthy fuck, I felt a bit bloated. The last thing I wanted to do was cook and, instead, preferred to run to the shower! Whining, I said, "Tan, please let me get cleaned up and dressed. Alex may be back soon and I don't want him to see me like this!"

Tan just growled at me. "Well, then, you better make something fast because you're not cleaning up until after you've taken care of my needs. I gave you the best fucking of your life and now I'm starved. Anyway, you begged me to fuck you practically in view of the entire neighborhood and now your acting modest? Please!"

I had enough history to know that Tan wasn't going to change his mind and enough fear to rush to the kitchen...well rush might have been a strong word...you can't run real fast when you're trying to keep your male pussy from leaking your master's sperm after an amazing fuck!
