 I awoke the next morning feeling dazed and confused. The words Tan had uttered while I lovingly cleaned his young but masterful spear had somehow become imbedded into my psyche. He had fucked both my pussy and my brain last night leaving me sore at both ends...so to speak. 

As I dragged my legs over the side of the bed, I realized my nakedness and could feel some of the crusty remnants of the cum that I had missed when cleaning myself up. Momentarily I paused and wondered if I could even call it that. I mean, is the fluid women produce to lubricate their pussy as a part of their sexual response and their orgasm itself referred to as cum or even pre-cum like a man's? I was beginning to think I'd never personally know the answer to that one or at least never experience that fluid first-hand.

I stood up on wobbly legs and gingerly touched my pussy lips to guage their swollenness. They were, indeed quite sensitive but thankfully, didn't seem to be torn or damaged.

Peering out into the hall, I saw the coast was clear and ran quickly to the bathroom Alex and I shared. Flipping the light on I gazed into a mirror and my reflection – and saw looking back at me the image of one who had been totally fucked. My hair was messed up from Tan's iron-clad grip when he had impaled me on his cock. I even had some of his dried cum on my face from where he must have rubbed his cock to mark me before forcing me to clean off my pussy juices and his cum. Frankly, I was shocked by what I saw and turned on at the same time. My lips appeared puffy from where he had chewed on them and my neck had the beginnings of a hickey. I doubt I had ever looked so complete in my life and it was all due to a barely-legal 18-year old Vietnamese boy who had totally dominated me.

I had slept so deeply and failed to set my alarm following that incredible fuck. Now I really had to hurry if I was going to get to work on time. There's nothing like a little fear to get me going as I am quickly learning. 

By the time I was showered, shaved and dressed for work, Alex had already made the coffee. He looked disappointed that I hadn't been up early enough to have breakfast ready for him...as if he was entitled to the extra service. Had our relationship become out of balance, too, I couldn't help thinking? 

"What happened to you last night?" Alex asked. 

"What do you mean," I replied, wondering what he saw or knew. 

"Well, when I came home from my date your door was open and you were already in bed and seemingly comatose and it was only a little after 9:00 p.m.! I only sleep like that after throwing an intense fuck!" 

I almost choked on my coffee when he said that. Seeing my reaction and red face, Alex couldn't help but start laughing. 

"Well, maybe Virgin Boy is getting some – or someone is getting a piece of him!" he said as he dashed to get ready for work.

Now what did that mean, I wondered? Did he think I was fucking a girl all of a sudden or did he question my manhood or sexuality, as everyone else seemed to be doing as of late? I was running too close to being late to spend too much time pondering this latest conversation and now had to face the challenge of dealing with Dave! Damn, I just never seemed to get a break.

My arrival at the office was a little less than elegant given my late wake up but still, I managed to get there on time. As I walked by Dave's cubicle he was on the phone and simple stuck out his coffee mug, in essence, expecting me to wash it out and return it full and with the proper mixture of cream and sugar. "It's already starting," was all I could think as I grabbed the mug as expected and went to take care of his needs. 

Naturally, my brain ran over the fact that I was now doing Alex's laundry among other things, being expected to do Dave's bidding at the office and taking the masterful fuck of Tan, my Vietnamese masseur's younger brother. If it had all happened at once, I might have been able to notice my evolving subservience to these men, but as it occurred over the space of about sixty days, I was only now able to see for myself my new reality. Still, for the moment, Dave and Alex, while being more domineering in their treatment of me, were not aware of the true nature of my relationship with Tan. I can only imagine what they would have thought if they walked in when his massive Asian prick was imbedded deep in my Caucasian ass or should I say, pussy as Tan insisted I call it. 

While these thoughts were idling in my head, I walked to the coffee maker located in the staff break room. I swear my pussy lips were already itching for more attention making my clit firm up at the thought. Damn it was hard not being able to masturbate, but Tan assured me resisting my urge was enhancing my ability to respond to my deeper sexuality which he was, in his kindness, helping me to discover. Before I could question his logic, Dave's coffee was ready and I had walked back to stand in front of him in order to hand it over. 

"Thanks, Mattie," he said as he took it in his hands and inhaled the rich aroma, "you'll make someone the perfect wife one of these days," before dismissing me with a wave as his phone rang yet again. Work dawned with a vengeance forcing any more thoughts out of my head and before I knew it, 5:30 p.m. had come and it was past time to go home.

When I got home at 6:00 p.m., Tan was waiting for me in my living room. He had been talking with Alex for at least 15 minutes by the time I had arrived. I always felt awkward when he was there while Alex was home fearing the latter would add two and two and, yep, you know it, get four! They had an odd rapport, seemingly hitting it off talking about sports, the Super Bowl, and other things that I, on the other hand, simply didn't get in to. Tan had pointed out the difference between my interests and his early on. Seeing me, Alex started to laugh and told Tan, "You should have seen Matt this morning. If I didn't know better, I'd think he had been fucked. He looked disheveled and satisfied just like my girlfriend does the morning after we've had a fantastic fuck!"

With that, Tan got a shit-eating grin on his face. I knew he desperately wanted to take credit for my earlier appearance but could also tell how proud he was for having induced the state Alex had noted. "Damn, just what did you do last night after I left," Tan said, cunningly, just short of taking credit for what had transpired while knowing Alex would be slow to realize this high school senior, my junior by seven years, had nearly banged me into oblivion. 

"Nnnn...Nothing," was all I could get out, my face red as scarlet as the two men sat howling at my discomfort. 

Alex winked at Tan and said, "That means he had a date with Mrs. Palm and her five sisters," causing the two to laugh even more. Tan, of course, knew my dates with Mrs. Palm were in the past much to my chagrin.

Before I could say anything that might dig the hole I was in any deeper, Tan spoke up and said, "Mattie, Alex said he might be moving out to get married in a few months meaning you'll need another room mate. Maybe I'll move in when I graduate so I'll be closer to the campus. That way, we can help each other out and I won't have to be going back and forth as much."

I was gob-smacked when I heard this. Alex moving out? Alex getting married? Why was I learning this from Tan? Why hadn't Alex told me this himself? Also, Dave's comment from this morning came crashing back into my head, "You'll make someone a great wife someday!" Was that day coming sooner that I had realized? Wife? Why couldn't I be the husband in a relationship????

Instead of explaining why he hadn't thought to have mentioned his plans to me, Alex turned and began talking with Tan as if I weren't even there. "That's a great idea, Tan, you could take over the lease which is in my name and my room as well which is the master bedroom."

I wondered if he even knew the meaning behind his words to my young Master! Giving Tan his room instead of me and having Tan place his name on the lease more or less reinforced my subservience in my own home. 

While my mouth gaped, Tan responded asking, "Who does the cleaning and other domestic chores?" to which Alex responded, "Well, lately Mattie has been doing most of the cleaning and even my laundry which I really appreciate. I do try to take care of our cars--as most men do though. Oh, I should add, when he gets up in time, Matt, here makes a mean breakfast!"

Tan's response came swiftly, "Well, I see no reason to make any changes to your arrangement. I'm sure he'll take great care of these things and more if Mom and Dad let me move in. Of course, they'll expect him to learn some basic Vietnamese cooking because I won't have time to be going back to Mom's for a home-cooked meal every night but I'm sure Mom or one of my sisters can take him in hand. Plus, my Dad taught me to take care of the typical man's stuff like the cars so I can do that, too."

Before I could interject and take back control over my future, Tan jumped up and told Alex, "Hey, I've got to get some quick help from Matt before I go home. Thankfully, Mom said we'll be eating a bit late so he still has enough time if he puts some effort in to it. It was great talking with you and I can't wait to talk to Mom and Dad about moving in and taking over the Master bedroom and your lease. Come along Matt, let's go to your room and get down to business because I don't have much time."

Alex took Tan's response and his ordering me around almost without a thought. Indeed, he had become accustomed to it over the past six weeks or so. Plus, for the past fifteen minutes, I had been merely an adjunct to their conversation anyway so why should he have cared now. 

Tan walked in my room as if he owned it and ordered me to shut the door so we wouldn't "disturb" Alex. Knowing I probably wanted to object to what had just transpired he immediately took control and snapped his fingers to get my attention before pointing to the floor in front of him. I reacted without thinking just as he had trained me to do. 

"Open my trousers, Mattie," he ordered, "I have a quick project for you to work on before I go home to talk with Mom and Dad about moving in to Alex's room!" 

I guess I wasn't fast enough so Tan smacked the back of my head with the palm of his hand to get my attention, "Do it now, Matt. My cock hasn't had any release all day and I want your sweet, girly, luscious lips spread wide to make it happy," he said, staring down intently into my eyes. How could I think about anything else with his insistence and the scent of his crotch now wafting over me. 

My hands, shakily worked the zipper of his tight jeans and almost as if on cue, his quickly engorging dick of steel began rising out of the opening of his boxer briefs, the eye of his piss-slit practically winking at me, demanding my ministrations. As if to prevent any further waste of time, Alex grabbed the back of my head and forced his cock deep into my throat causing my eyes to water. "I wouldn't make any noise if I were you with Alex just around the corner," he said as I was about to gag.

I quickly sobered up to the task at hand, fearful of being discovered as the cocksucker I had become. With Tan's massive spear deep in my throat and my nose nestled in his thick, black pubes, I felt completely dominated by this young Asian master. Theoretically, I could have pushed him off but the opportunity for resistance had passed weeks ago. I had long ago lost my will to resist and had mentally begin to assimilate all the "truths" he had explained to me about my needs and the way I was created to sexually respond. My body was on auto-pilot now. In my panties, my clit was reacting to the stimulation Tan's cock was providing my throat as if it we're an actual pussy. 

"That's right, Baby, you know just what I need. It's what you need too," Tan said, his words soothing me as his cock dominated me leaking just enough seminal fluid to ease the pain of his relentless and powerful onslaught. "Don't you feel fulfilled now that I've shown you your proper place in life," Tan went on to say. "You were so lost when I met you. You had never even kissed a girl. You were such a virgin. Now, here you are, on your knees before a true man. You are learning that making me happy makes you happy, too. Just think how you'll feel when you can serve me all the time once Alex leaves and I take over your life completely! You are such a natural, kneeling before your superior being fed from the source. I am so thankful I am able to help you realize your full potential and role in life! Damn, I'm doing you such a favor, Baby!" 

With that, Alex laughed and began even more roughly fucking my throat. 

My mind went blank under the intensity of his assault. Suddenly Tan stopped, pulling his engorged rod totally out of my mouth leaving me gasping for air. "Quick," he said, "get up and lay on your bed with your head over the edge, I want to get a better angle." Of course, I obliged him. What choice did I really have. No sooner was my head where he wanted it, than his cock was back in my throat, this time his balls tea-bagging my nose overwhelming me even more with the power of his dominant scent.

Tan laughed suddenly but didn't stop fucking my face. "You really get into this don't you," he said. Your clit has oozed out its appreciation of the attention I'm giving you leaving a nice wet spot on the front of your trousers. How are you going to explain that to Alex?" he guffawed. 

I had lost track of time as I had been focused entirely upon relaxing my throat in order to accommodate the relentless face-fucking Tan was giving me. 

When his cock was deep in my throat, we were both startled when Alex knocked on the door and yelled, "Tan, you better watch the time, it's getting close to Seven," before adding, "I'm off to have dinner with my girl. Matt, try to get up early enough to fix my breakfast tomorrow!" 

Tan had to answer for me, as I knew it would be rude or impossible to speak with my mouth full! "Don't worry, Alex, I think Matt will do his duty from here on out!" he said as he jammed his cock seemingly even deeper in my throat to prevent me from saying anything or objecting to Alex's expectations.

How Tan could last so long was beyond my comprehension. I always had a hard time lasting more than a few minutes, if that, when I used to masturbate. Maybe Tan was truly helping me out by teaching me how to take care of his needs. As he had often pointed out, when I was focused on his cock, I didn't cum as fast and could actually enjoy the sexual experience so much more. I still came, well usually, but as a result of being the receptacle, one way or another, for his manhood. My own cock seemed more like a clit as Tan had told me. I used to hope I was near average at a little over 5 ½ inches but Matt had shown me the statistics indicating I was clearly below average especially for a Caucasian. Funny, I may have been typical for some Asians but was definitely dwarfed in my own category. It had been a humiliating revelation he had made me endure as he physically held our penises together proving without a doubt the superiority of his weapon. At the time, Tan had stated, I simply was inadequately "manned" to give a woman pleasure. He elaborated, a woman might put up with me initially but over time would become severely frustrated and look elsewhere for relief. This was yet another reason he was helping me find myself so that any women I might have tried to have a sexual experience with would not be frustrated or simply patronize me by pretending to be satisfied. 

The shame I felt at my inadequacy was overcome by Tan's orgasm and my own in reaction to causing his pleasure. Soon, my tonsils were coated with my Master's sperm which proved restorative to my battered and now sore throat. "See, Baby," Tan cooed, "You just came from serving me. Too bad those pants are dry-clean only. I hope my cousin isn't at the desk when you drop them off as he'll figure out you came in your pants. Let's just not tell him why!" he said, laughingly. 

After reminding me to clean up every drop of his and my cum, Tan pulled out and quickly got dressed. "Damn, I'm going to be late!" he said, while rushing to tie his Nikes. "Don't worry; I'll talk to Mom and Dad tonight. I think they'll go for it when I tell them you've promised to take care of my needs and that I'll be in charge of how the apartment is managed. I know they won't want me wasting time on domestic chores when I could be studying instead. You're going to be quite an asset for me, baby!"

With that, he was off. 

My mouth still had the taste of his pungent offering and my mind could only now begin to process how my future had just been totally rearranged! Despite my shock, I had my own immediate mess to clean up lest my trip to the dry cleaner became even more embarrassing. As Tan had directed, I scooped my own emission up and swallowed it not enjoying it nearly as much as I had Tan's more masculine ejaculate. However, an order is an order. Tan's assurance that sperm, especially his, would help me caused me to overcome any resistance and I quickly consumed what was left before rushing to the shower. I was embarrassed I had come, yet at the same time, I was relieved, as I would have gone crazy after all of that not being able to touch myself. Just the thought of it all was overwhelming but tomorrow would be another day!