 I'm sorry it's been MONTHS since I've last written a chapter to this story. I have finally gotten over writer's block and will try to add a few more over the next few weeks. Please note, this is TOTALLY fiction! I hope you enjoy.

-----------------------------------------------

Tan's Perspective

After meeting Matt's co-worker Dave, and hearing from Matt how Dave had treated him, I was pissed. He was my property, damn it! I know I took it out my anger on Matt's pussy when we were in his room, but I still couldn't help thinking that I needed to take further charge of the situation. Matt is my fuck toy. He's there to get me off. His position, at least for now, is to serve me! So, I got mad thinking about that smug ass-wipe attempting to horn in on my conquest—as if he was any match to me! 

I had zoned out. I don't even remember what had transpired after we closed Matt's bedroom door until I paused in mid-fuck. Matt was naked, on his back with his sinewy legs splayed open. That pussy I was growing to love was practically slurping on my virile cock as it pistoned in and out of him. Knowing I was the one fucking Matt and not Dave seemed to make me even harder than usual. As I looked down at my dick before slamming it back in, I could see how Matt's pussy lips virtually tried to lock on the ridge of my head in the same way that his legs so wanted to hold me in. Yes, my pussy, Matt, had come to know who, alone, could satisfy him.

Matt had mentally submitted to me a while ago. He had accepted that he required my permission to cum and that I generally only granted it when I fucked him. Further, I did not allow him to play with himself. This made Matt crazy for me. 

While a girl emotionally needs foreplay, most men simply want to get off...and if they aren't "getting any" so to speak, they jerk off at least daily. Because Matt can't get off without my permission, he needs my cock in his pussy bad. All the foreplay we did have was his getting my cock ready to fuck him. Even though Matt would gag on my cock as I rammed it deep into his throat, his "clit" would begin to ooze as if even his throat, when filled with my magic stick was an erogenous zone. 

On his knees in front of me, looking up into my eyes with his lips practically worshipping my phallus was about as great an aphrodisiac either of us needed. For me, seeing his subservience added to my sense of total control over him. For Matt, looking up my slim torso and seeing the power in my dark, almost black eyes as I leered down upon him had the same effect. Sometimes, I'd simply hold his head against my abs until he was almost out of air just because I could. It was always such a rush. 

I had long ago realized his prostrate was just like a girl's clit except that I accessed it internally. Even in my brief experience, before my Dad caught me and insisted I keep away from true pussy, I had learned that girls generally only get off from having their clit stimulated. Based on that knowledge, I had quickly trained Matt to come only through a Vietnamese prostrate massage! Since Matt had an internal and external clit and was capable of orgasming from both unlike most men, I was able to focus on my own needs while still attending to his. This, somehow, made me feel less selfish from the way I treated him even though his needs would always be subordinate to mine given my natural and growing dominance of him. 

Still, seeing the stages of his sexual response was, at times overpowering. Matt didn't always stay hard after I began to fuck him. But I didn't feel bad about that because I had observed that his cock often oozed cream while seemingly soft in a manner similar to a woman. What did it matter, anyway? Matt was coming to the realization he didn't need to be hard anymore for sexual satisfaction because he was made to be penetrated and would never be the fucker! Matt was also fearful of coming too quickly as he could simply cum by a slight touch to his clit.

Frankly, I doubt he could ever have successfully fucked anyone given his natural trigger response. I understand some men can train themselves to overcome the tendency to ejaculate pre-maturely. But by training Matt to come anally, we've been able to spare him from that need. And by not allowing him to touch himself but to be dependent upon me for his sexual release, he's actually enjoyed prolonged sexual activity that he would otherwise have never experienced.

Admittedly, I've enjoyed taking the virginity of an older guy and reversing our positions, sexually and emotionally. I didn't realize how hot it was to make a man be a "woman" for me. Oh, Matt was technically still a man, but in learning to cum by being fucked and without touching his external clit, he has, for all practical purposes, handed me, his manhood. In that sense, Matt was like a big trophy for me. Feeling his need, seeing his eyes begging for my fuck almost brought me to the edge. Here I am, barely 18, and still just a kid about to graduate from High School. However, I'm a Vietnamese guy with an attitude that has only grown with Matt's submission. 

Frankly, I still can't believe I can hold so much power over him. Anyone else would have laughed at my brother and I had we tried to dominate him as we have, Matt. As I reflect on our situation, I think Huan and I simply found his weakness and his vulnerability and acted quickly to mentally subdue him before he could put up any defense. Moreover, I really do think we're helping in him in many ways. He was totally unsatisfied, sexually, before I took his virginity. He thought he was a man – but mentally, I've shown him who the real man is. My baby makers are coursing through his body, impregnating every aspect of his being. My voice massages his mind just like my dick rubs his prostrate. Without realizing how he comes across, his body purrs with need when he sees me – ready to obey my every command, practically begging me to fuck him. He knows I'll punish him if I find out he's jerked off without permission – tying his sexual release directly to me. 

Can you imagine what power I feel when I fuck him and bring him to orgasm simply from my dick in his pussy ass, his legs wrapped tightly around me, demonstrating his need? My brother Huan says that girls rarely come without additional stimulation. Yep, my boy if fully trained – and I have definitely mastered him as his sexual response now shows. Given it's been nearly six-weeks since all this began, I think we're coming close to a point of no return for Matt. I doubt he'll ever be happy, sexually, unless he's under a man's control given that he has no other reference point to compare this to.

I am torn though, because I don't want either Alex his roommate or Dave, his co-worker, to horn in on my boy. Dave, even more than Alex, has been demonstrating inappropriate interest in my property. I don't think he's susceptible like my boy, Matt, to becoming submissive, but something will have to be done.

As he's grown to crave my attention, I've become more assertive and dominant in order to meet his needs. It's a mutually beneficial relationship but I don't want Matt to swish or act like a ladyboy. Somehow, stereotypical gay guys bother me. No, I want Matt to still have enough masculinity that he has something to give up for me. Otherwise, I'd have no sense of conquest. I know I'll always win any fight for dominance, but I still like to see some resistance in his eyes before he admits he has no choice but to acknowledge my true superiority over him, mentally, emotionally and physically.

I had all these thoughts swirling in my mind as my potent balls slapped my pussy boy's ass. I had been holding Matt's legs as if they were ski poles but now let go of them as I began to more forcefully fuck him. The smacking sound was quite loud and my small but mighty thighs slapped against his upturned and womanly-shaped ass with just enough padding to bounce from our contact. Damn were the inside of his thighs red. We must have been at it for 40 minutes! God it felt hot to be rutting a white boy I thought as I was about to shoot my powerful seed deep into his womb! 

I leaned down and rammed my tongue deep into his mouth dominating it as I did his pussy-ass. His clit was mashed against my smooth torso as I held his face only inches from mine forcing him to keep his eyes open, focused on mine. 

Then I put my hands flat on the bed on either side of his chest and said, "Matt, look at my cock as it rams into your pussy and my taut abs as they batter your clit and tell me what you are thinking!"

Matt knew it wasn't a request but an order. He was sighing, about to go over the edge from my battering of his prostrate. But I wasn't to be denied, I had to hear his submission....so using my ability to control myself and him, I stopped, leaving only my head in his pussy which squeezed that notch just below the head, fearful I'd pull out and prevent him from cumming.

"Sir," he said, as he tried to form a coherent thought given how close he had been to his own orgasm, "I feel totally overwhelmed by you. I can't get enough of your cock. I feel ashamed that you've made me into your pussy but also thankful at the same time. I'm afraid of what others will think if they discover how totally you dominate me but more afraid that you'll leave me for a real woman. All I can think about when you are not here is what you do to me, how your words caress me and how your cock controls me. I want you so badly that I can barely control myself. I want to touch myself but I can't because you won't let me. I don't want to be gay, but I'm also afraid I will never be able to function with a woman because all I want is to be under you!"

With his admission coupled by his face red with shame, I once again felt myself to be his conqueror and restarted my fucking with renewed energy and power. Smack, smack, smack, was a noise that had to have been heard throughout his apartment announcing that someone was getting royally fucked! 

I was getting close now, and for my Pussy's sake, angled so that I mashed his internal clitty every time I rammed my cook deep. Mattie was rolling his head from side to side as my super engorged cockhead pushed into the inner entrance of what I referred to as his womb. I grabbed his arms to ensure I controlled his cum as I felt his pussy lips begin that final, almost involuntary dance to the finish signaling his nub was being rubbed to climax. Sure enough, just as I came to the edge of a massive climax, Mattie's clit began firing little shots and then oozing as he gasped for air. I had, once again, proven my prowess as a lover and uttered a triumphal roar as I shot round after round of thick, gooey cum deep into him. 

Matt's insides were bathed in my essence and my sperm were not to be denied as they swam practically into his blood stream, reinforcing, yet again, my total power and control over him. 

Once my rutting was over, I eased into a slow fuck despite my own sensitivity. This was important as once a bottom comes, they are sometimes embarrassed and may want to get away from the reality of what just happened. 

Since my dick remains hard for a while after I cum, I was able to hold Matt in place preventing him from any ability to deny what I was still doing to him and the reality of his total subservience to my will as exercised through my cock. It was like running a victory race as he looked up into my eyes as I forced him to consume his own pathetic offering. Satisfied, I was now ready to withdraw my cum-covered cock from Matt's pussy. Pushing his legs down, I moved forward and touched my now softening member to his mouth for the final act of dominance – forcing Matt to clean me up with his tongue. 

With his mouth full, I spoke to him with soothing words, "Baby, I am so proud of you for accepting once again who you are and your subservient role in life. Your body was made for this cock. Don't be afraid to open your mind to who you really are. Lick my man's-size phallus clean and swallow the remaining cum that is even now branding you internally as belonging to me. I own your mind and your body....accept it and you'll be happy!" 

I feel stupid sometimes as I utter shit like this to him but it seems to be working. His eyes fluttered betraying some deep-seated sense of acknowledgement as his lips and tongue lovingly cleansed my sperm and his pussy juices from this boy-man's cock that had just bred him. Yes, Mattie was mine and Dave, especially, better not get any ideas or make a move on his ass or he'd be sorry!

Matt was too battered from a mind-bending fuck to see me out so I simply got up, dressed and threw a sheet over his naked body and saw myself out knowing he'd remain untouched and flustered until I gave it to him the next time.