 Guys, you dissed Ch 18 in the worst way - at least for my series, making me wonder if I should continue. However, your comments and emails were encouraging making me think a few persons simply like giving low marks while lacking the courage and decency to explain why. Hey if this type of story is not your thing simply move on. I bet they're also the types who never contribute a story. Anyway, here's another one for your pleasure!

--------------------------------------------

I was never good at gymnastics, mental, physical or otherwise. After two Vietnamese boys had so dominated me last night, I wasn't even sure how I got to bed. 

As I quickly realized, I never made it to the shower before crawling into bed. It's a good thing Tan insists the area around my pussy is kept shaved, as there was enough sperm around it that it had formed a crust I could virtually pick off and eat – not that I really wanted to! I felt some itchy spots on my back where one of them must have shot while the other was fucking me. Regardless, I was too wasted to care when I woke up to my alarm which I couldn't remember having set. I could only hope one of the boys had taken pity on me. 

Seeing no need to cover up what had been so prominently on display, I padded down the hall to the bathroom almost afraid to see what looked back at me from the mirror.

Wow! Even after a deep sleep, I looked fucked. And the mirror wasn't focused on my pussy! I had a hickey on my lower neck I could only hope a shirt would cover and my hair was entirely disheveled from the hands that had gripped my head as a measure of controlling the cock-sucking service I had rendered to both these men. 

One thing I realized, while exhausted and having a sore pussy, I felt ravished in a good way. I had ingested man-sperm of a quality that I, myself, could seemingly never produce and the boys had fucked the cum or whatever you'd call my fluids out of me twice. In one sense, I felt proud that I could produce such an intense sexual response from these manly and extremely handsome men. That they had chosen me to train and had ingested their sperm into me made my clit fluff up as if it had some value. I realized they were trying to help me understand that I did have value as a person...if not as a man...but in ways I would never have understood before.

Time was wasting and I couldn't get into the shower soon enough to wash off all that happened yesterday evening. I held the wand of hot water over my pussy and exhaled in relief as it soothed my over stimulated entry. 

While I was relaxing in the haze of steam, Tan shocked the hell out of me by appearing in my bathroom, nude, and pulling back my shower curtain. He had just woken up and grinned as he saw me bent forward with my finger massaging and cleaning my ass. 

"Damn, boy, you just can't get enough!" he uttered, before adding, "you better hurry if you're going to suck me off, have breakfast, and get to work on time!" 

His words might as well have been cold water as they had the same affect. I quickly turned off the water, dried off, shaved, and rushed to his room, naked, to provide his morning "services."

Tan was propped up on pillows watching CNN waiting for me. I crawled up between his legs and kept my head low enough so as not to block his view. Close up, his cock was a marvel; rich, dark olive, with a mushroom head pulsing with energy. I felt in awe of this boy who had such an incredible of wielding this massive spear as I licked from the underside where it connected with his potent balls to the tip where a glistening pearl of pre-cum was waiting for me. 

Instinctively, Tan grabbed my head and held his cock deep in my throat. He did this to keep me silent and to remind me of my subservient role as his personal cocksucker. "Yea, baby, you were so wasted last night after the fucking Huan and I gave you, we had to practically carry you to your bed! You are lucky you have a kind master – since I set your alarm. Otherwise, you wouldn't be getting this," he said as he pulsed his cock now lodged deep in my throat, "and I would have had to punish you for failing to do your duties!" 

"Matt, I think the French got it all wrong when they invaded my country and thought they could master us. We simply had to outlast them and now look who the master is!" Tan continued as he smiled slightly but looked down at me, impaled upon his cock, with an intense as steel-hardened glaze. "Yes, white-boy, you are learning how to serve a real man and bring him pleasure and Huan and I are very proud of your progress."

His last words soothed my sore psyche as his thick sperm blasted onto my tongue and deep into my throat. Still, I knew hot coffee would help but not remove the traces of hoarseness that would inevitably still be present when I got to the office from all the deep-throating I had provided these two Vietnamese studs. 

After I consumed the last of his sperm and washed his dominant cock clean, Tan let me get up and rush to get our breakfast prepared so I could then dress for work. While my coffee was brewing I got water going for his tea and then prepared his cereal. He had sauntered out and taken his chair while I was quickly getting our simple meal organized. Tan had on a pair of running shorts but still, my eyes were drawn to his hairless but well-defined chest. He knew, as did I, that I could never get enough of him and he relished how that inspired our roles that had, up to this point, remained within the confines of our modest apartment.

Laughing at me, Tan said, "Don't worry, Baby, there's plenty more left for you tonight! Now you better get dressed or you'll be late for work!"

Damn, did those words bring reality to my world. The thought of Dave and James standing there with a stop watch waiting for my arrival pushed me into a frenzy. After quickly washing and putting away our breakfast items, I literally ran to my room, dressed, and rushed out the door to work. Parking was a bitch and I arrived at the office, breathless and with less than 30 seconds to spare. It wasn't a glorious arrival, but, thankfully, adequate. 

James had a cubicle across from mine. When I dashed to my cubicle, I looked over and noticed that he was sitting in his chair nonchalantly, with one leg on the floor and another up on his desk, the outline of well-defined cock clearly visible in his form-fitting trousers. As I bent over to turn on my computer, I heard him utter, "Damn, what an incredible ass!" 

Of course, I knew he was talking about mine. Even though I fought against doing so, I couldn't help but flush beet red. That "ass" he was referring to had been admired and used by his best friend and his best friend's older brother within the past twelve hours so I knew it was the type that straight men found attractive! But the problem remained; that ass was mine and not on some hot, white chic! 

Thankfully, Dave was busy sucking up to the boss, so James simply laughed aloud at my reaction and said, "It must be hard for you knowing all the wood guys through when they see you bent over! You would have serious problems if you turned around and had any measure of a chest. Hell, I think many guys would fuck you regardless if the need and circumstances were there!"

James' words made me angry and I was unable to come up with a smart retort. In a way, Dave saved the day coming out of the bosses office and asking where his coffee and James tea was. I felt like telling them both to go to hell and get their own but, instead, grasped at the straw that was offered to escape from an embarrassing situation growing between me and James. Did he really want to fuck me or was he simply playing with my mind?

As I was learning, sex is much more than the physical action of humping which, theoretically anyone is capable of. I say theoretically, because it is something I've never done and both Tan and Huan have told me I'll never do. At least for me, now that Tan has forbid me to jack off, sex also has an intense psychological dimension. Standing at the coffee machine with a pair of women's panties under my otherwise masculine clothes with a pussy that still could sense the pulsing, heat that radiated from the seemingly massive Asian cocks of the two Vietnamese boys who dominated me, I was at a loss as to know who I what I was becoming.

As I waited for James' tea to finish, I couldn't help but hear two of the younger secretaries talking as they came into the break room. "Isn't James hot!" the young blond said. "Yeah, for a young guy, he exudes so much confidence that it really makes you look at him twice," her co-worker responded. 

Dave's coffee and James' tea were ready and the mugs were in my hands as they walked in. While silently at least acknowledging my existence, neither of these women even gave me a casual glance indicating neither saw in me what they sensed in our youthful, Chinese intern.

In a way, I felt humiliated by these two women. Neither had ever done anything for me but still, I was rankled by how they acted as if I was non-existent as a man. It certainly did nothing for my ego and made my cockette shrink up into an even greater degree of insignificance. 

As I carried the coffee and tea to Dave and James, I reflected on the reality that I did nothing for these women and they did nothing for me. Tan had pointed that out but the front-office secretaries had made what he said real. He had also indicated I was wired differently than real men and the fact that I could care less about their tits and asses made him right yet again. Instead, I realized I thought a bit as they did. Secretly, I did find myself looking at James' crotch wondering what his dick was like and then day-dreaming about what he might do with it. I wondered if he could fuck me as masterfully as Tan to an earth-shattering, hands-free orgasm. 

At least those thoughts resurrected my clit to at least appear somewhat present in my panties as I handed the men their morning beverages. After placing their drinks in the allotted place, both muttered their thanks and, in essence shooed me away. I was glad to be unencumbered by their needs as I had my own work to do.

Around three o'clock, I noticed James walking by with his hands on the ass of the blond secretary who had spoken about him earlier in the day. She was definitely flirting with him and had led him on quite a bit intimating they should get together later. 

Naturally, I looked down to see that his cock had responded making me lick my lips wondering just what his package contained. Of course, luck was not on my side, as James had turned in time to see what I was staring at and took the opportunity to wink at me. 

Any other man would be pondering the blond's tits or ass but not me. Having had James' hands on my ass, I was feeling a bit jealous and wondering if rubbing my buns caused his dick to fluff up as much as it had when he had cupped that bimbo's ass.

Later that evening, James stopped by the apartment. I had come home from work and received a protein-laden snack from Tan before cooking our dinner. So I was relieved that James arrived as I was doing the dishes and Tan was relaxing in the living room rather than during our prior activities. 

I couldn't help but hear James' sexy voice as he complained about his blue-balls. That blond had led him on, suggesting they meet after work but then dumped him when she realized he was too young to drink with her in a bar. It seemed she expected him to buy her drinks before she gave him any rewards. James was pissed at white women in general for having such stuck up attitudes. He claimed she would never have treated him that way if he were white or if she had experienced a ride on his Chinese cock.

As I entered the living room, Tan was laughing at James frustration. With me at his beck and call, he hadn't experienced blue balls in months. Tan had knocked some magazines on the floor and when I bent down to pick them up, James said, "Damn, Tan, your roommate's ass looks better and better all the time. I don't know what's coming over me but put a wig on him and I'd fuck him in an instant!"

Tan smiled and said, "Well, my friend, you've got to take what you can get! Don't let those white bitches get you down. Anyway, who needs a wig? As far as I'm concerned, a mouth is a mouth and an ass an ass. Anyone would have to agree, Matt's here is pretty fine." 

There was a quiet moment in the room. I turned red as usual and James stared at Tan wondering just what he was suggesting while still furtively glancing at my ass! 

Tan saved the day, barely, by adding, "Well, it's best you not screw around with those you work with, James, but when you're in charge, a boy like Matt here better watch out!" 

With that, James smiled but neither verbally agreed nor disagreed whereas his dick, prominently outlined in his trousers said all I needed to hear.

I knew it was time to get out of there and quickly excused myself to run some errands. I think I made some lame comment such as, "we're running low on rice" as I made my exit to which James responded, "I don't know, it seems like Tan and I have all the rice you need!"

I knew, at that point, my life was going to become even more awkward!