 Guys, thanks for your comments. I have some new ideas to try in you which I hope you'll like. Please keep those cards and letters coming! 

----------------------------------------------

After rooming with Tan for a few weeks, I was getting somewhat used to meeting his expectations. Apparently, his parents insisted on having a spotless home and Tan, raised to their expectations, did, likewise. That means that I have my work cut out for me. There always seems to be chores to do and Tan often insists I do them either in the nude or wearing brightly colored panties. I don't think Tan has any particular desire to feminize me, but does this simply to manifest his dominance over me while in the apartment. 

Of course, his expectations go far beyond my keeping the place clean, neat and tidy. Given some of the restrictions his parents placed on him concerning the opposite sex and his intense sex drive, Tan expects me to play the role of his girlfriend or, more aptly, sex-reliever, whenever he and I are alone in the apartment. At least, that's how it started out. Within a few weeks, I was quick to learn that Tan likes to take a few risks. He enjoys demonstrating aspects of his control over me in front of his friends but especially enjoys forcing me to suck him off when others were nearby. Naturally, he loves taking advantage of my total fear of being exposed as his personal cocksucker. 

It all started after Tan realized James was working at my office but especially whenever James was over in the evenings. The first time occurred after I had offered James a drink and then had gone to my room. I felt very awkward around these two Asian Alpha males. Tan had turned on a game but then left James engrossed in whatever they were watching long enough to stop by my room. With the door slightly ajar, he pointed to the floor and quietly said, "You better make it quick! I'd hate for James to know what his boss's favorite pastime is – or is he already your boss?"

I don't think I ever moved that quickly to obey Tan. James had been giving me vibes at work and I didn't want to add further fuel to his fire by making him aware I was sucking off his best friend and more. Still, I was deathly afraid that with the door open, he'd come looking for Tan and discover my dirty little secret. Still, I knew how strong-willed Tan is. He is small and mighty in so many ways. While shorter than I am, he is mightier than I am in both the will and cock departments. I am clearly the "bitch" in Tan's apartment. So I knew I had to get him off and fast because he wouldn't take "no" for an answer. 

Tan's cock was already steel-hard by the time I freed it from his loose-fitting jeans – which was only momentarily. His cock-head flared in a deep crimson hue as the engorged specter clearly demonstrated his incredible virility. Even though I was frightened and aware of the nearness of James in the apartment, there was no denying my desire for this massive Asian cock practically dripping in front of my face. 

With youthful impatience, Tan grabbed my head and mashed my face and nose into his taut balls and crotch. The scent, now deeply implanted in my brain, was an aphrodisiac that overcame any resistance I had to doing his bidding. As both Huan and Tan had so expertly trained me, I opened my mouth to now willingly accept Tan's pulsing Asian spear. With one hand on the back of my head ensuring his cock remained deeply in my throat, Tan placed the thumb of his free hand under my jaw to direct me to look up into his intense, deep, almost black eyes. I couldn't help but swallow as I saw his expression of total dominance over me, his, older and slim white slut. 

The movement of my slim Adam's apple caused Tan's cock to spasm and his eyes to widen. It had a similar affect on my boy-clit. It was almost as if my Adam's apple was connected to the g-spot Tan reached when he fucked my pussy. Thankfully, although he may have been horny for ass, Tan was willing to content himself with a quick blowjob as a means of temporarily sating himself until the game ended and James left for the night. 

Tan was busy humping my throat using his incredible but slender hips as he held my mouth on his dominating cock when James yelled out from the living room, "Where the hell are you, Tan?"

Knowing I'd bolt, Tan clamped his hands tightly on my head and yelled out, "be right out, James, I'm just finishing helping Matthew with some of his work!" Having said that, he hissed between tightly clenched jaws, "I'm about to cum, swallow it all and get me cleaned up quick!"

The excitement of dominating me in relative proximity to his friend coupled with the expert blowjob I provided as he had so well trained me to do, caused him to erupt in a volume that simply overwhelmed me. I coughed and could swear some of his sperm came out my nose which made Tan laugh at the same time he warned me not to spill any of his seed. 

"Don't spill any of this, Matt! You know you need my sperm pulsing in you, making you every day more what you are!"

With added urgency, I quickly got myself under control and swallowed all I could before licking him clean. Tan waited until I re-packaged him in his hot briefs and zipped him up before, with some condescension, patting me on my head as he prepared to return to the living room. However, before entering the hall, he stopped momentarily and said, "Matt, you really should change your panties and jeans, I'd hate for our guest to see the pussy juices that have spotted them." 

Naturally, I immediately turned red in shame, not realizing I had just cum while servicing this Asian stud.

When I stood up, I wobbled a bit, still feeling shaky from what had just transpired. It was then that I realized I was sticky down there. It was hard to believe I had cum from giving Tan a blowjob. I wondered if any other men or women reacted this way or if I was some sort of a freak. Huan and Tan had told me repeatedly that I was wired differently and that they were simply doing me a favor by training me to accept my true nature. I still felt a bit confused as to exactly what that was. But cum stains don't lie and without question, the scene that had just transpired got me off in way that I could neither deny nor understand.

Still feeling a bit dazed, I went to my underwear drawer and fished out a clean pair of panties and grabbed another pair of jeans. Thankfully, I had a second pair although they were slightly different in style and make from the ones I had been wearing. Before putting these on, I peered into the hall and then dashed into the bathroom to clean myself off. After getting dressed, I splashed some water on my face, and feeling some sense of order had returned, went back to join Tan and James.

Before I could sit down, James pointed at me and said, "Matt, did you just change into another pair of jeans?" Naturally, I immediately blushed, sensing that he was on to me.

Tan couldn't help himself and laughed, briefly distracting both James and I. "Matt was working on a project and spilled some shit on his crotch. He had to get the stuff off before it stained them." 

James, at least acted convinced, but I still felt uncomfortable about what his intensely observing eyes might have taken in. In my mind I heard Tan say, "Matt spilled his seed," but then remembered, compared to the thick and copious load of Tan's I had just swallowed, what I had expelled had to be more like a woman's pussy juices than a real man's cum. Of course how was I to have known the difference until submitting to these two Vietnamese boys who so dominated me. For about 14 years, I had only known the results of my own hands and thought I produced what every other guy did. Damn, had they so proven me wrong and shaken my self-understanding and identity in the process!

The next day at the office was awkward to say the least. I had bent down to fix a connection on my computer and was on my knees with my butt out when James passed by my cubicle. The next thing I knew, I felt two hands grab my ass. At first I froze, not knowing it was him, but then went to get up but hit my head on my own desk knocking myself back down. 

Seeing what had happened, James reached down, placed his arms around my waist and hefted me to my feet. I swore I could feel his hard dick pressing through his khakis against my ass and it didn't feel as if it were a minor protusion. 

Pushing me into my chair, he swiveled it around until I was eye-level with his ample crotch. "You need to be more careful, Matt, if you hurt yourself, who's going to make my tea?" With that, he backed out of my cubicle leaving me dazed and confused.

From that point on, James seemed to grow more aggressive towards me. He loved grabbing my ass whenever I was he caught me alone with my back towards him. When I accosted him about it, he would just laugh and say, "Matt, I'm so sorry if I've offended you. If you were a girl, I'd have fucked you in the copier room by now. Frankly, your ass is hotter than any girl's I've seen. I've always wanted to tap a white chick and when you're bent over, I find it hard to remember you're actually a man!"

Well, at least he was honest but his words and actions still humiliated me intensely. Here I was 25, with the company for three years since graduation, and this just graduated high school intern had basically said I had a woman's ass and had gone so far as to fondle it without asking my permission. James assertiveness at work mirrored Tan's at home. I really began to feel as if they were the older, more mature ones as well as somehow superior to me, and it both confused and bothered me immensely! 

I decided to confront Tan about it. It was one of the rare times I had ever challenged him and I think he was initially surprised by the spunk I demonstrated in doing so. I had just finished cooking our dinner and naturally had served him at the table before sitting down. While he was eating, I brought up the situation concerning James at work. 

I was angry and felt so frustrated I started to cry. "What is it about you boys, Tan? I am a man, damn it, yet around you I feel so confused. I feel more like your wife, maid or little boy than your male roommate or equal. And then there's your friend James. He keeps feeling my ass and telling me how sexy and womanly it is and how much he wants to tap one like mine on a real white woman but never has found one with an ass as sexy as mine!"

When I had first met Tan and fell under his spell, he would have spanked me, lightly, had I carried on like this. However, tonight he took a different tact and waited until I had spewed forth all my frustration. His quiet patience as he sat listening to me, again demonstrated a maturity beyond his years. Tan must have known that waiting me out was far better than interrupting my rant. Getting up, he motioned for me to follow him into the living room. 

Tan sat down on the couch and beckoned me to lie down, face up with my head in his lap. With his fingers, he wiped away my tears of shame and frustration and then gently massaged my head while holding it so my cheek was next to his cock.

"Are you finished now, baby?" he cooed. After I signed my agreement by my silence, Tan began to explain things to me. "Matt, let me begin by reminding you that neither Huan nor I have ever made you do anything against your will. Neither of us ever used any force to make you get down on your knees or to spread your legs for us. I'll admit, we have used words and gestures but these have been more to help you understand your true self. I have had to spank you at times, but you've always, willingly bent over my lap and accepted it as if you internally knew you both needed and wanted my correction."

"Now let's examine why you do this. Matt, when you first went to my 20-year-old brother's for a massage you were a 25-year old virgin. You had never had any success with a woman nor done anything sexually with a man. Yet, your body reacted in such a way that Huan knew, immediately, what your mind and body craved. I am more than seven years younger than you are and I too, could tell, as soon as I laid eyes on you. Any doubt I had disappeared as soon as I saw your reaction when you first beheld my cock. It was as if the truth about yourself you could not admit had been removed, like a blindfold, in a single instance. Your eyes were as wide as saucers and you even licked your lips. I realize that you're undersized even compared to typical Asians and that may have made you desire, even more so, to experience what a real man's cock is like, even if it is on a Vietnamese man like me. So, Huan gave you to me so I could teach you and help you. 

"You took to cock like it was the most natural thing in the world proving to me and to yourself that you are a total bottom. Matt, you were made to receive a man's cock in your pussy and in your throat. You should have overcome any of your doubts about yourself when you came in your excitement the very first time you deep-throated me. But then, there's your ass. James is so right. It isn't an ass I've ever seen on a man—it's far better. Do you know how turned on I get when I smack it and watch it jiggle before me, begging to be fucked? Do you have any idea how your pussy grips my weapon, pulling my cock forward and into you? I know that I am not gay, but when I fuck you, I never feel as if I am fucking a true man. Partly that's because you only have a cockette, but then a real man wouldn't respond sexually as you do."

"Matt, I looked at some porn on the internet when I was first training you. I checked out a bunch of sites like Corbin Fisher and Sean Cody. I'm not sure if these guys are straight as they claim, but unlike them, you lock your legs around me like a woman does when she's in heat as if she can force her man deeper into her womb. What I'm trying to say, is that your body and mind crave my cock whether you can admit it or not. Believe me, all your actions betray any ability you have to deny it."

"Now let's examine how you cum. Before you met my brother and me, you only used your left hand. And oh, by the way, some scientists say there's a correlation with being left-handed and gay. Now you cum without using your hands. Yes, I did train you because I knew you had no sexual self-control. Your masturbation sessions lasted one or two minutes? Now, because you are concentrating on my pleasure, you last much longer. My seed has had its effect on you in ways you'll never fully grasp. Matt, I've trained you to cum like a woman. When you see me, your nipples harden. When I fuck you, your pussy draws me deep into your womb and as I hit your prostate, your clit oozes your fluids. Frankly, I don't know how you got through high school without having that ass of yours tapped but now that we both know the truth, that I own you, you'll be getting cock regularly!"

"You know, at one point I was worried you might turn me gay. But your sexual response is so feminized that I no-longer feel as if I'm fucking a man. That's why I expect you to do the housework and serve my needs because, Matt, you simply are not a man!" 

"Frankly, I'm getting tired of your denials. I've been as patient with you as long as I can. Perhaps I need to tattoo the words, 'Tan's Pussy' above your ass just so you'll remember? The bottom line, get over yourself. While I don't like to use these words because I'm not naturally mean-spirited, you're a fucking fag and mine to use. By the way, I'm not sure if James is into men or not. I never thought I'd be and generally, I'm not. But your ass and mouth are something to behold, especially for a little Asian guy like me. White girls are often rude and ignore me because they're stupid. But your pussy is mine. It begs for a true man's cock unlike the little boy's weenie that hangs between your creamy, girlish thighs! Every time I give you what you crave and see my olive cock going into your white pussy it makes me crazy. And now, because you've made me say all this shit, I think it's time for you to do your duty. So strip right here in front of the window and get on your knees between my legs because your Asian Daddy has something for you to slurp on!"

Of course, I did immediately as I was told. Perhaps all the things Tan told me were true. I had cum from sucking his cock, and my pussy wanted that spear right now. I didn't want to wait but needed the reassurance of his attention as he plunged it in to me. I craved his masculine attention and his masterly control. I grew happy yielding to his desires and sexually responded to his needs. I felt flush as I bent over, thankful I had pre-lubed when I had arrived at the apartment.

Tan was in no mood to finger me or loosen me up but had me lube him through a quick blowjob before entering my pussy in one quick plunge. The entry did hurt initially, but his long-dicking me soon had me in ecstasy! Tan, still dressed, lay on top of me, his knees between mine as he fucked me for all he was worth. Tonight, he ordered me to cup the head of my cockette with my right hand but demanded I not stimulate it in any way. He said he was going to do all the man's work and fuck my juices out of me. So that was the division of labor, I realized. I did the woman's work and he did the man's work – getting me to cum through servicing him. Well, at least in that moment, as his dick rubbed my prostate raw, his concept of the division of labor seemed to work for me.

"Matt, in a moment you're going to cum for me. I want you to taste your juices and then I'm going to cum in your mouth. You'll see, in an instant, the qualitative difference and why you need to be with a true man. Maybe then, you'll quit fighting the truth!"

I was so close and Tan knew it. He started a countdown as he slammed into me, his man-sized cock, practically coming out my throat every time he bottomed out. Ten, Nine, Eight....and as he hit one, I lost it. My thin cockette spewed into my hand as my pussy squeezed around his spear. 

Quickly, Tan pulled us sideways and grabbed my hand, making me taste and lick my own juices. I'd say seed, but that would make what I produced sound equal in quality to Tan's and it simply wasn't. Then, when he had me on my back, he sat on my chest, pulled my head up over his prong and jetted eight spurts into my waiting mouth as our eyes locked. Some of his rich cream dribbled on my lips but Tan simply wiped it with his fingers and placed them on my lips to lick clean. As always, he was right. Hands down, there was no comparison because he is the true man. Even as I finished cleaning him up, I had a fleeting thought, is James the man that Tan is? It would seem that events were transpiring that might lead to me finding out.

James was not on my mind much longer. For just as I had finished licking Tan clean but while his softening dick was still on my tongue, the front door opened and Huan walked in. "Man, Bro, what a show you put on. I couldn't help but see how you so masterfully fucked the bitch! I didn't want to interrupt your fun, but I haven't gotten any for a few days and thought you might share with your big bro since I'm the one that gave Matt here to you!"

Tan just laughed and responded by saying, "Where do you want her, in her room or here? Do you want my sloppy seconds or are you just going to use her mouth?"

Huan replied, "Who knows what friends of yours might be stopping by. I think I'll just close the curtain and fuck her where she is since I'm sure you've got her all lubed. Hell, I think I've only fucked her once before and I couldn't forget how hot that white ass and pussy are!"

"That's too true, Bro! How could I deny my big Bro!" Tan said. "She's all yours!" 

I was in no position to resist! Here I was, freshly fucked, cum deep in my womb and at the entrance to my pussy. I was on my back just where Tan had placed me. All too quickly, Tan's cock slipped past my lips as he stood up to make room for his older brother. Tan's dick, still slightly fluffed, swang from side to side as he looked very much like a man who had just had a great lay!
