 I've never heard from any Asian men -- darn! Aren't there any real guys like Tan out there?

-----------------------------------------------

I woke up the next morning still splayed out on the beanbag chair feeling extremely relaxed having been spanked and then fucked into submission by a young and masterful Tan. I was crusty with my own cum and could feel where Tan's had seeped out of my pussy. Thank goodness, the chair was vinyl or the carpet would have been a bitch to clean. Oops, I had better be careful about using the word, "bitch," given my current state of affairs or position in life.

When I looked at the wall clock, I was shocked to see it was already 10:30 a.m. I never sleep in that late. I think the stress of having Tan's friends over and my need to have his first evening here with them go well had really gotten to me. Now I had to rush. I needed to clean up after last night's party before Tan and his family showed up with his things in order to get him moved in. Tan would kill me if his parents found beer bottles around and me, naked with his thick, Asian cum coating my pussy and ass. 

With the sheet he'd taken from my bed still wrapped around me, I rushed to the bathroom to piss, shit, shower and shave. My pussy still felt a bit swollen from the intense fucking Tan had given me last night. I washed it gingerly and leaned forward so the shower spray could work its magic on my pussy lips. Once again, I was itchy where my pubes were growing in. Tan planned to have them shaped later on but for now, they were driving me crazy. 

While I was in the shower, I sat down to shave my legs. Tan would have to help me with my butt and around my pussy. It was simply too hard for me to do without fear of cutting myself. I always felt intensely vulnerable when he did it, bent over and totally exposed. But after the past few months, my modesty was waning.

It seemed that I had barely dried off, dressed, stowed all the bottles and thrown out the trash before Tan's family arrived. I was just finishing wiping off the beanbag chair as the doorbell rang. As I held the rag behind my back, Tan's family came into their son and brother's new home carrying boxes of his stuff to place in his room and around the apartment. Clearly, the place would soon be marked with his flair and reflect more of him than it did of me.

As they quickly worked to get Tan situated, Mrs. Nugyen took me aside and said, "the girls need to give you some cooking lessons so you'll be able to make a few healthy meals that my son will enjoy. Please arrange an evening this week to meet with them. Oh, and to make things easier, I've prepared a shopping list so you can have the basics of a Vietnamese kitchen and as a housewarming gift, I've brought you a rice cooker. Tan's all-boy and hasn't had to cook given his extra-curricular sports activities, so let me show you how it works."

With that, I learned the basics of cooking rice—something it seemed that Tan expected to have at practically every meal. I wanted to tell Mrs. Nugyen that I was aware of Tan's extra-curricular sports—that included fucking me, his new roommate, but thought the wiser of it! 

Undoubtedly, though, his so-called exercise routine paid off incredible dividends. Tan was proud of his physique and liked to brag that fucking me gave him a better workout than most guys got doing tons of sit-ups, pushups and weights at the gym. As he'd piston his massive wang in and out of my pussy, his torso would be getting a massive workout. Sometimes, he liked to fuck by doing a form of a push up instead of using his hips. He'd joke that this was his way of adding another muscle group to his sexual workout. All I knew was that it worked for me. However, all Mrs. Nugyen knew was that her son had an incredible appetite although she apparently, and I hoped, didn't know how the calories he consumed were utilized!

"Matt, are you paying attention to me?" Mrs. Nugyen asked. I had been daydreaming about Tan workout sessions with me and my clit was hardening in my shorts because of it. 

"I'm sorry, Mrs. Nugyen," I responded. "Yes, you want me to meet with the girls later this week to have a cooking class and you've provided me a shopping list for some basic food and cooking items."

Satisfied that I had paid attention after all, Tan's mom left to check out the progress the rest of the family had made.

I emerged from the kitchen to see Vietnamese prints on the wall behind the couch and bamboo matting under the coffee table. Tan's room looked cool as well with prints of warriors dotting the wall and a pair of Asian swords crisscrossed above his queen-sized bed. 

The Nugyen family seemed pleased with the results of their labor as well. Mrs. Nugyen had Huan bring a cooler from their trunk with Vietnamese foods she had prepared so that Tan's first meal in his new home would be up-to-snuff! There were delicately prepared spring rolls among other things that were delicious. I had always thought spring rolls were fried but learned to appreciate the health and taste of the one's Mrs. Nugyen made in a typical Vietnamese fashion with totally fresh ingredients. After what amounted to a late Sunday afternoon picnic, the Nugyen's bid their adieu leaving Tan and I alone in his new apartment.

Tan was bursting with energy and excitement. In his mind, he was emancipated and free. He did say his Dad promised to beat him if he found out he was screwing around with any girls and that getting a girl pregnant was simply not an option. However, his Dad either didn't care if he screwed me or was oblivious or ignorant of Tan's set up with me. Tan, however, was not going to ignore it for long and soon relished the opportunity of being the master of his new home and me. It wasn't as if he needed an aphrodisiac of any sort, at 18, Tan was at his sexual peak and could cum six times a day. Plus, he had amazing stamina compared to most guys of any age with an unusual ability to hold back his orgasm and enjoy a good fuck for seemingly ages.

Tan decided that Sunday evening was going to be his to enjoy and quickly told me to lose my clothes. I complied without hesitation, stripping down to my powder blue panties. Tan laughed as he pointed to them as he directed me to twirl for his pleasure. "You know, from the back you really do look very feminine. I wonder why you didn't figure out your sexuality ages ago. Your skin is naturally soft and creamy. You had little body hair even before I had you shave. You are thin and not very muscular but have great legs and an ass to die for. When you bend down on your knees facing away from me, and I can't see your clit, it's easy to imagine I really am fucking a girl especially, now that your hair has grown out. But then, as much as I seed you, you'll never bear my children. Damn, just think how sexy they'd be!" With that, Tan burst out laughing as my faced flushed at my shame. 

"I don't look like a girl," I retorted. 

Tan laughed even harder. "Do you realize you put your hand on your hip when you said that?" he said, pointing at my hand. 

"It's your fault I'm this way," I replied. "Your sperm has gotten into me! I didn't think or act like this before meeting you!"

"You just don't get it do you, Mattie! I haven't done anything to you. Instead, I've only helped you find your true, subservient, gay, self. You were made to serve men like me. Your clit would never have been good enough for a true woman. 

You react sexually like women do and cum through a proper fucking without me having to lay a hand on your clit. What more do I have to do to help you get it? Enough talking. You can say what you like, but what's more important in my home is what I like, and what I like and want are your pouty lips around my cock. Now get down here now and do it!"

Tan's words broke no argument. I can only imagine how I would have looked to someone behind us, me on my hands and knees with my panty-clad ass swaying as my lips savored Tan's olive-colored, thick, Asian spear. Tan gripped my head with his small but strong hands as he held me on his prodigious weapon. 

"Look up at me, Matt. This is your destiny. You were made to have your lips around a real-man's cock. Even your little clit loves it. I think there are erogenous zones in your throat or is it my scent that gets you so excited," he said, as he laughingly went on to say, "Oh, that's right, Daddy told you not to talk with your mouth full!" 

"Wouldn't it be great if Jose and James could stop by and see our arrangement? Do you want that? Do you want my friends to see you as you really are, on your knees before a real man? Maybe they'd want a piece of you too? Yep, if they saw that girlish ass, they'd probably be here every night!" Tan added as he held me on his cock.

I trembled with a combination of fear and desire. I was frightened to death of his friends discovering our arrangement. I couldn't deny how Tan fanned my desire. I couldn't imagine our roles being reversed which should have demonstrated the totality of my new reality. But did I want Jose or James to be in on our arrangement? The thought both turned me on and scared me at the same time.

Tan had such immense control that he lasted for ten minutes while I was lip locked on his cock. But soon he was spurting a mouthful of Asian cream down my throat. As he eased back, the last two eruptions landed on my tongue. Tan demanded that I show him his offering before I swallowed and he reminded me that his sperm was unique, rich and was changing my very nature. Finally, satisfied with his mastery and my submission, he pushed me back on my ass looking smug and satisfied. 

"That was a great warm up, Matt. But I'm looking to get off at least three times a day now that I'm living here. Once before you go to work and twice in the evening. You better plan for it. In the morning, after you've taken your shower, I want you to wake me up with a blow job. Then you can fix our breakfast while I'm taking mine. We'll have to work out a more complete schedule of your duties but that should be a good start for now. Now why don't you go and make sure you're cleaned out and ready. I think I want to christen my new bed and bedroom with a fantastic fuck!"

Knowing what was coming, I went to my bathroom that was in the hall, and quickly took a shower without getting my hair wet. I guess I'd have to get one of those shower caps like most women seem to have in their bathrooms. I carefully lubed my finger with soap and stuck it as far as I could in my pussy to ensure it was clean. Thankfully, all the swelling I had previously was gone and my pussy betrayed me with desire for my finger as a precursor to what Tan would soon provide. 

Flushed with desire from my preparations, I simply dried off in a fluffy towel and went to present myself to Tan who was still in the living room watching the sports channel. 

Tan had me sit on my towel, naked and totally exposed to anyone looking straight into our window. He moved forward so that I could feel his cock through his trousers on the back of my neck. With his hands, he reached forward and started playing with my tits. Whispering in my ear as he cupped them and rolled my nipples between his small but strong fingers, Tan said, "See, Baby, your whole body and mind is mine. I merely have to touch you and your respond with need and desire. I bet I could play with your nipples long enough that you could cum without any other stimulation! Hmmm, we'll have to try that sometime! But now, go into my bedroom and get ready for my first fuck as the master of this apartment!"

I immediately knew what to do and rushed to the master bedroom, pulled his sheets back, put down a bath towel so they'd stay clean and lay face down, my ass lifted slightly and legs spread for him. The ceiling fan made the air cool and I could feel goose bumps on ass and back from the air and the anticipation of submission which hung heavily around me. 

I sensed Tan's presence and then heard him as he disrobed, his trousers dropping to the floor and his shirt peeled off and thrown into a corner, followed by the snapping and removal of his briefs. 

Naked, Tan crawled up between my exposed buttocks and ran his hands over my soft, succulent orbs. 

I jerked with surprise as he smacked first one cheek than the other. 

Tan laughed and said, "It's like adding rouge to your ass. It turns as red as your face when you try to deny the truth or lie about your sexuality and purpose in life!" 

Tan's legs were between mine, pushing them further apart. He leaned forward and placed all his body weight on top of mine as he rubbed his rapidly growing cock between my butt cheeks as a prelude of what would happen soon. I could feel my pussy sucking with desire at the too limited contact, seemingly on its own, begging for his insertion.

Tan leaned forward and nibbled on my ear lobe. Undoubtedly, he could feel my desire growing. He wrapped his arms around my chest and squeezed my hairless breasts, kneading them as my senses capitulated to his manipulations and I became physically overwhelmed with desire. 

Sensuously, Tan whispered in my ear, "Tell me what you want, baby. You're body is screaming its desire but your mind has to agree. I want you to admit your need for me. Beg, Baby! Beg for your Master's hard cock!"

My brain told me to fight, to resist and to flee. But my pussy....it betrayed me as Tan's shaft kept up its relentless massage and his hands grappled with my tits and his fingers rolled my nipples. 

"You know you want me, Baby. My cock is going to be in your pussy. It's a fact not a philosophical debate. Feel your body responding to me. You were made for me. Yes, baby, push that ass up," Tan said, as he let go of my right nipple and moved his hand to my mouth, making me suck on his fingers. 

I couldn't think anymore, as desire overtook me. His power and mind overwhelmed every aspect of my being. I did try, but any real resistance was futile. I knew giving in on this first night was what I wanted and dreaded. If I admitted my need verbally as he demanded, my subservience would be complete to this barely 18 year old Vietnamese stud. 

"Yes, baby, suck my fingers like you just sucked my cock. You know you want my cock deep inside you, plunging against your inner clit! Your body needs to cum so bad," Tan whispered as he forced my legs even farther apart.

It was too much, and without any more thinking, I yelled, "Yes, please!" 

"Please, what," Tan said back to me.

"Please make me totally yours!" I whimpered! "I need you so bad; I want you even more. You do things to me that I simply cannot understand, but that I don't want to resist."

Tan made me turn over and face him. His eyes said everything. They were dark, practically black and beamed down that in a way reflected his total domination of me. 

"You know what this means, Matt?" he said, in a manner that was less a question than a statement.

"You're totally in charge in this house!" I said in reply. 

Tan put my legs on his lithe shoulders and leaned forward his face only about a 18 inches from my face. His seemingly massive weapon was at full mast, his thick and bulbous cockhead gleamed from pre-cum and now was nestled against my pussy, pulsing, and totally full of power, ready to claim me in an even more complete way.

"When my cock enters your pussy, you are mine, Matt. Men don't let boys fuck them so clearly, you are not a man."

As he said this, his cockhead opened me up and my pussy lips squeezed around the rim as if afraid I'd say something wrong and reject the truth his mouth had uttered.

At that moment, I couldn't focus on anything but this hot man's cock as it speared my body, pushing forward with relentless determination. And yet, I wasn't entirely passive in the act of giving myself to him. My legs were locked behind his narrow waist crushing his lithe body to mine as his wiry pubes smashed against my inner tithes. As Tan bottomed out, he reared up and ordered me to look down my body and see how totally his cock was in me. It was as if his pubes were mine. Tan gyrated his cock around the sheathe my body provided. As his cock rubbed my "vaginal" wall, I felt jolts of electricity pass from the pressure his weapon placed on my prostate. The mental and physical stimulation tan exerted over my mind and body totally overloaded my circuits.

As I looked up, Tan appeared as an Asian God! He was so hyped on the power he held over me. 

"Damn, Matt, you don't know how much I want the guys to know what a great lay you are. I bet they've never had pussy so good," he said as his hips power-rammed that dong of his deeper and deeper inside of me. 

After awhile, Tan paused and did what he called the corkscrew, an almost circular rotation of his hips instead of the more common in and out motion. It felt amazing like almost everything he did. There was simply no way I could stop or control my coming orgasm. Seeing how my clit had firmed up, Tan pushed my body up so that it I was practically bent in half. My clit now close to my face, fired blast after blast directly onto my face as Tan delivered his sweet Asian load into my pussy. I was totally marked and there was no way I could deny it as my own sperm dripped down my face!