 Hey readers, please let me know what you think of my story. If you're not gay, move on as this won't appeal to you. Remember, it's MY fantasy--and only a story! Enjoy!

-----------------------------------------------

The next morning I woke up on time and hustled to get ready for work. Thankfully, I was early enough that I beat Alex to the kitchen and had his coffee ready before he could ask. I also quickly whipped up some scrambled eggs with some chives and cheese for the two of us. The toast popped up just as Alex entered the kitchen and I could see the pleasure of the domestic scene laid out before him written all over his face.

"See, Matt, how nice you can make the start of my day when you put your mind to it," Alex said as he reached to butter the toast, his minor contribution to my efforts. "I hope my fiancé works as hard to please me as you have lately! I know you'll be doing this and more when Tan moves in," he added.

Frankly, having not had my coffee yet, my mind wasn't in gear enough at that point to figure out an adequate response. I simply couldn't decide if he was insulting me or building me up. His words seemed to be related to the comment Dave had made at work the other day and my mind worked rapidly to sort out the connection. I just couldn't understand what made these men so different than me. It wasn't that they were all that much larger than I was, Tan certainly wasn't, but they were always able to exercise aspects of either mental or sexual control over me.

"Earth to Matt," were the next words I heard. "Looks like my boy was zoning out, again. You've been doing that a lot lately. By the way, I'm so excited about setting you up with a new roommate. Tan will be good for you. He seems real mature for his age and I think he'll be a stabilizing influence over you." Alex went on to say, "At one time, I would have thought the positions would have been reversed but I'm not going to be the one to judge." With that, Alex got up, naturally leaving me his dishes to wash and was out the door.

As he left and I did the dishes, my brain replayed his words, "he'll be a stabilizing influence OVER you!" In reality it seemed as if everyone had influence over me but especially Tan and Huan. Just hearing that made me see images of myself kneeling in front of them as their cocks jutted forth obscenely from their lithe, Asian frames. I could see their almond eyes beckoning me closer, ordering me to catch the pearls of pre-cum beginning to dangle from their engorged cock-heads. 

The vision made me shiver with the mixed emotions of fear and desire. My clit began to harden in the panties they insisted I wear—denoting the fact that to these Asian studs, I wasn't a man in the traditional sense, but a pussy boy in need of their Asian weapons. In only a few months, I had become addicted to their glistening offerings. My body had absorbed millions of their sperm and I had come to believe in my mind in their innate superiority over me--a superiority that would become all the more evident if and when Tan moved in. 

Maybe Tan was right, his sperm had reached my brain and had impregnated my mental capacity, overloading my circuits, making me totally his. 

Suddenly, I realized I had washed Alex's plate twelve times and was going to be late to work. Trying to gain some sense of self control and fearful of coming in my panties which would only provoke discipline later on, I rushed to finish getting ready and dashed out the door.

Thankfully, Dave had been called into the bosses' office and I was able to get to my cubical unscathed. However, it seemed only moments later, that Shelia scampered by and squealed, "Why didn't you tell me that Alex was getting married and moving out? I was in the middle of a massage when Huan mentioned his brother might be moving in with you when he graduates from High School and starts college. Frankly, Matt, it seems strange you'd choose a kid to be your roommate. Most guys would be having a girlfriend move in, but then, that just doesn't seem to be your thing!"

My jaw was practically hitting the floor as I listened to her commentary. First, Alex had offered his room and control over our lease to Tan without even telling me he was moving out. And now, Huan had told Shelia about it before I even knew whether or not Tan's parents would approve. I can only imagine what Shelia must have thought of me given the proposed "arrangements." 

I dreaded to think what she would think of me if she knew what bedroom Tan would get and the probable role I'd be getting in addition to a new roommate. I felt my face getting flush by my own internal embarrassment at the thought and my clit hardening at the same time. I was clearly torn by the situation I found myself in...seemingly unable to resist it but thinking I should at the same time. 

As I sat there in a virtual trance in front of her, Sheila added, "Huan says you haven't been back for a massage in a few weeks. Matt, maybe you should go! You look rather stressed this morning. Maybe Huan can help you relax." 

Help me relax? Hell, going to Huan was what started all this mess. He's the one that made me into a cocksucker before his younger brother went the next step and turned my ass into his personal pussy. Before I met him, I could joke that my ass was a one-way passage but no more. 

With that, I felt frustrated and angry. Of course, Dave chose that moment to thrust his coffee mug at me. I responded by telling him to "Go get your own damn coffee! Who do you think I am anyway, your personal assistant?" 

Dave surprised the hell out of me by bursting into laughter. "Baby, you ARE my personal assistant or better yet, my office-wife! I'll overlook that outburst because it's obvious you're on the rag this morning! Now take this mug and do your duty!" 

The last comment wasn't said in jest. The fire of resistance had gone out of me and I felt belly-punched by his words, "office-wife!" Dave must have seen my eyes watering up as I took his mug and said, "Mattie, I don't want to hurt you. Just don't fight the pecking order here and you should be able to keep your job as long as you understand that in our section, I'm the boss!"

With that, I trudged to the break room and did my "wifely" duties for another Alpha male. I wish I could have figured out what made me so different from them. Yeah, I wasn't as into sports and didn't like watching football or basketball on TV. So what? I remembered feeling excluded when my own younger brother and Dad would take over the family TV on Sundays and some weeknights rooting for their favorite teams. 

Being a middle child, I often felt a little excluded anyway. But maybe there was more to this. Dad always lauded both my older and younger brothers' sports exploits that often made me feel a bit pathetic. I don't think he intended it that way, but I never felt as close to him as I wanted to be simply because I didn't excel at the things he wanted his sons to be into as he, himself had been. Instead, I withdrew into books and studies and in the process, deluded myself to believe I was normal but just in my own way. My Mom always seemed impressed with my choir concerts but had to drag Dad to hear them. Being musical wasn't the same in his mind as being good at sports. Of course he never said it outright, but it was all over his face!

Dave took the coffee from me with barely a nod. As he had made clear, it wasn't for him to thank me for doing my "job!" Maybe Tan was right, if I could find pleasure and happiness from serving true men such as Dave, I might not be as frustrated. I'd have to talk with Tan and have him help me know what I should do, I thought.

Around 4:00 p.m., I received a text from Tan that said, "be at Huan's b4 5:30." Thankfully, I was able to finish on time, left the office shortly after five, and went as Tan had instructed. Huan had a client so I waited for a while wondering what this was all about and if I was to meet him or his little brother. Shortly, a ditzy blond left looking disheveled after her "massage." I couldn't help thinking I must look like that after a good fuck, too.

Huan came out and gestured to me to come in to the massage room, saying, "good, you're here, we need to talk!" Immediately, I got up and followed him into his massage room. 

"Look," he said, "I only have a few minutes before my next appointment comes. I simply want to make sure you won't fuck up the arrangements Tan's trying to make with Mom and Dad to take over your roommate's lease. Mom and Dad are going to want to meet you and see the place before they'll agree. I just wanted to tell you, face-to-face, that you better not fuck things up. Remember, Tan's the fucker in your relationship, anyway. My parents need to know that you'll take care of the place and his needs without being made aware of just how extensive a service you actually provide!" 

I tried to interrupt when he slapped my face and pointed to the floor in front of him. When I was on my knees, he continued, "Don't you dare interrupt me again or I'll have you punished! Look, Matt, I don't want you forgetting your place or trying to take advantage of my brother's kindness when he moves in with you! As I was about to say, my sisters have volunteered to take you in hand and teach you some basic cooking skills. It's all going to be part of the agreement. Mom won't want you cooking shitty and unhealthy American food for my brother. I'll expect you to do whatever they tell you. Who knows, maybe afterwards, between them and Tan you'll have picked up all the skills necessary to make some Vietnamese stud a loving wife!" 

With that, he laughed in my face causing me a great sense of humiliation. 

Just as he finished his little speech, his next appointment showed up and with a wave of his hand, he indicated it was time for me to leave but not before grabbing the back of my head and rubbing my face into his crotch, knowing the pungent aroma would reinforce the verbal message he had just uttered. 

I quickly stood up and back away, fearful the person coming in might see me on my knees. My face was flushed as I passed some bimbo coming from work for a make-over! Yeah, I'm sure Huan's magical hands would have her moaning in short order as he stretched her muscles! Damn, I felt as stressed as ever having been informed of this latest development in my life. The thought of meeting Tan's family made me feel as if I was becoming entangled in a Vietnamese spider's web. I simply felt as if my circuits were overloading.

Alex was already home when I got there. He picked up on my demeanor almost immediately and said, "What's eating you, Matt?" 

I was frustrated, and let him have it. "I can't believe you made arrangements about our apartment without even speaking with me first!" I yelled. "I thought we were friends, damn it! You make me feel like I'm inferior or something and it's just not fair! Plus, you didn't even tell me you had set a date!" 

After saying this, I couldn't stop the tears that came to my eyes. Alex had to see them. Only girls cry as easily as I do and my tears seemed to be just one more manifestation of my growing sense of inferiority around other men. 

"Look, Matt," Alex replied, "I never meant to hurt you. Lately, I've just come to an awareness that you're different. Hanging around with you is like hanging around with my fiancé. You are sweet and kind and for some reason, unlike any other guy I've known, you come across as a bit fragile and in need of protection. That kid you hang around with seems to understand you. He's strong in his own way, and, well I hate to say it, is more masculine than you. When he sits down, his legs are spread wide and he scratches his balls just like every other guy. Even his legs have more hair than yours! It's odd, but you're just not like us in that way. Anyway, we were talking about his plans for college and how he wanted to get out from under his parents and the thought just came to me about him moving in here. Sorry, but I don't have time to argue about this tonight. I think Tan is the man so to speak and he's the one I'm willing to work with. It's for the best, Matt! Just try and accept it!"

What was it about Dave, Alex, Tan and Huan? Did they have the same PR firm? They were all so "on-message" it was nauseating. "Accept it!", "Office-wife!" were all phrases indicating I had no choice in aspects of work or my home life but was expected to conform to the will of these men in particular. Did I want it or did I hate it? At times I just couldn't say. However, I was becoming aware that mentally, I was beginning to accept my new reality despite my own sense of confliction. Maybe I was made to serve as Tan kept telling me while his cock was lodged deep in my throat or pressing against the inner ring of my pussy! "Take it Matt," he'd say! "Prove to me how much you want me deep in you, breeding you, making you more and more what you are!" I was mind-fucked, pussy-fucked and throat-fucked! What more could happen to me?