 Sorry folks for the delay in posting this chapter. I get so little feedback and you write barely any comments that I began to think you may have lost interest in this series. Oh well...here goes another chapter....

--------------------------------------------

The exhaustion I felt on Monday morning was palpable. I was never exactly a morning person, but after my roommate fucked me into total submission in order to mark his newfound emancipation and celebrate his status as the master of our apartment, I felt as if I could barely move. 

Thankfully, Tan had given me the morning off, so to speak, since he wouldn't be having orientation for a few days and wanted to sleep in. That gave me the freedom to get ready for work without having to be concerned about waking him up, taking care of his needs and fixing his breakfast before rushing to work. Moreover, with all that had happened over the weekend, I was hardly ready to face a Monday at the office with Dave so I'd take whatever solace I could get.

As usual, when left to my own devices, I was a bit slow getting ready. I held the showerhead on my nether region for quite awhile letting it do its magic to soothe my pussy lips from their rather strained state. As the temperature cooled and I began to feel more normal, I knew I'd have to rush if I was to get my coffee and something to eat before dashing to work. The rather weak coffee at the office did nothing for my addled brain. I needed it strong and thick! Damn, Tan's dick was strong and his spunk was sure thick, was the thought that instantly came to my mind. Coffee couldn't come soon enough.

Thankfully, I got to work on time for a change. Still, Dave had me beat. He was busy showing around our new intern when I arrived and I didn't see him for the first hour. The boss had told us the son of one of his friends would be working with us over the summer before starting college in the fall. He hadn't said much about him, other than his name was James and he'd be starting his internship on Monday which was today. I hadn't thought much about it as I already had enough on my plate helping Alex move out and Tan move in. Plus, I figured the intern to be some snot-nosed high school grad – what was that to me!?

Well, I quickly realized I should have thought that one out a bit more! Soon I heard Dave's voice as he talked with someone about some game he had watched on Saturday. His words were laced with testosterone-generated enthusiasm and the other guy had a strong and steady voice that asked all the right sports-related questions showing a knowledge of the teams involved. Hearing all this I rolled my eyes as I reviewed my recent emails and laid out my workload for the day.

Just about that time, Dave leaned into my cubicle and said, "Matt, come out and meet James, our new intern."

Naturally, I did as Dave instructed. Still, my jaw dropped when I saw just who James was! Of course, he was Tan's friend, the Chinese guy who had intimidated me on Saturday night with his assertiveness and rather cocky attitude. Unlike Tan who is shorter than I am, James had at least two inches on me. His eyes were wider than many Chinese. He was dressed in khaki slacks and an open-collar golf shirt that showed off his surprisingly broad chest. He may have only recently graduated from High School, but this guy was a complete and dare I say, HOT package.

James had a shit-eating grin when he saw me. He gave me a firm, manly shake and had a very knowing look on his face. Naturally, I turned red feeling as if he could see right through me and knew the type of relationship I had with his close friend. I had no knowledge of whether Tan had mentioned anything to him but had already sensed his rather predatory capacity on Saturday night. Now I was going to have to work with him and theoretically show him the ropes, as he was our intern. However, something told me he would usurp my position at the office and be a rung above me within a short span of time.

"I've already met Matt," James said, surprising Dave to no end. "He's my best friend's new roommate and I got to meet him on Saturday night when I was invited to check out Tan's new apartment," James added. 

"Wow," Dave said, clearly surprised, "I never expected you'd know Matt in a million years!" 

I didn't know how to take that. Was he implying I was a total nobody, or that there'd be no reason for me, a 25 year old college graduate, to be hanging with this barely 18-year old intern?

"Well, that's great!" Dave responded, ending my thought process. "Matt, why don't you get me my coffee. James would you like Matt to bring you anything?" he added.

James responded, "Sure. Matt some hot tea would be great!" 

There was no please or thank you...just a statement as if all interns had full-time staff looking after their needs when our roles should have been totally reversed.

I realized there was little I could do about it and simply set about getting them what they wanted so I could return to my work. Clearly, Monday was going to be the start of a long summer and I'd have to play the situation correctly if I still wanted to have a job when James left for college. 

Later that afternoon, while James was out of the immediate office area, Dave commented, "James may only be a high school graduate, be he's sharp," to which I could only agree.

I left work on time wondering how things would be when I got home. While I knew they would undoubtedly be different now that Tan had moved in, I simply wasn't sure what to expect. Would I have to make him dinner? Would he even be there when I got home? And, was he serious about me getting him off three times a day? I simply couldn't remember masturbating THAT much when I was 18—well maybe NOT every day! Hell, I used to jerk off at least twice a day before Tan and Huan began "re-orienting" me as they referred to their helping me find my true self.

They say moving, changing jobs, falling in love and going through a breakup are among the most stress inducing things a person can go through in life. In some ways, I felt as if I were going through several of these. Certainly, my situation with Tan fell into some category of the above. Was I in love with him? I couldn't say for sure. While I wasn't changing jobs, the presence of James on top of a constantly more bossy Dave made it seem as if my job, itself, was changing. And while I wasn't exactly moving, having Tan move in still changed the nature of my living situation greatly. So, I was feeling under stress!

When I got home, Tan was sitting in the living room talking with some of his friends. His younger sister was there. Apparently, she was waiting for me and planned to tutor me in preparing a few very simple Vietnamese dishes that Tan liked. Thankfully, her mom had sent over some food and all I had to learn that first evening was how to work the rice cooker. Still, I was a bit irritated that Tan expected me to do all the housework as if I was his servant and not his roommate. But then, as he had pointed out, he was living in the MASTER bedroom and I wasn't.

There were a couple of girls in the living room with Tan's usual contingent absent James. One had been making eyes at Tan who was not unaware of her interest in him. Like any typical male, he was somewhat slouched forward and his semi-erection didn't escape my notice. Tan caught me by surprise when he looked my way and started to laugh. Later, he told me I was staring at his crotch and licked my lips.

"What?" I said, as my face flushed red in embarrassment from the attention of all eyes in the room.

Before he responded and while his friends were focused on me, Tan took the liberty of adjusting his ample package and then said, "I was just thinking how much fun it would be to play "true or dare" with my friends and new roommate!

The sleazy bitch (at least that's what I thought of her) said with a sultry voice, "Oh, I can think of a few dares for the gang," meaning, of course, Tan! 

She really angered me and I wasn't sure exactly why. Maybe it was how she so blatantly exuded interest in my man. I knew Tan would use his cock as he wished but the thought of him sticking that magic Asian wand in some skanky bitch pushed all my buttons. Thankfully, one of the girls realized the time and had to get home and the bitch had to drive her ruining any opportunity for the so-called "gang" to play! 

Once they had all left, Tan pointed to the floor and said, "You're behind and need to make up for lost time!"

He was referring to my having missed giving him a blowjob before leaving for work. Even though it was what he had wanted, clearly, he still expected me to provide him three orgasms before the night was over. Given his stamina, I knew it could be a long evening.

Before I could start, Tan directed me to "lose the clothing!" 

"Matt, I want to see what panties you are wearing today!" he went on to say. 

I think my whole body flushed with the shame as I stripped down to my panties in front of this hot, Asian stud! Clearly, Tan got off of my embarrassment nearly as much as the sex. His shit-eating grin said it all as he observed my reaction. 

"Oh, Baby," he said, "turn around, bend over, and let your Daddy feel your panty-covered ass. When I see you like this, all silky smooth with that little cockette of yours faced away from me, I can practically convince myself you are nothing but a girl!" he said with both sarcasm and lust oozing out of his voice.

As I bent over, I could feel his hands roaming my ass. Tan then stood and leaned his body against mine and rubbed his now rampant cock in-between the cleft of my buns. It was intensely erotic. He wrapped his arms around my chest and fingered my nipples meanwhile bending me over so his still shirt-covered chest was against my back. Despite that, I could feel the ripple of his taut muscles rubbing against me. 

Tan could feel my burning need for his passion and loved his power over me sexually and otherwise. As he gripped my breasts and squeezed them while tweaking my nipples, he knew I was entirely in a state of sexual need and would do his bidding. 

Tan whispered, "Now get on your knees and get Daddy's cock nice and lubed for tonight's activities!"

All I could think about was that incredible Asian spear which filled his tight jeans making him sexy as hell. Tan sat forward so I could undo his belt and then lifted his ass up enabling me to pull those jeans down to his ankles. Tan then told me to pull his cock out of his boxers and to take in his scent. I had only sexually been with two men, Tan and his brother, Huan, and their scent overwhelmed me. Clearly, they exuded powerful pheromes that these two Vietnamese boys who dominated me had worked so deeply into my psyche. 

With his cock now engorged with his rich blood, Tan was beyond ready for my lips. His cock was a marvel before my eyes as it jutted out so obscenely from his otherwise compact frame. As I took in that somewhat dark sphere, I could see a pearl of pre-cum oozing out of his flared head waiting for me to lick it as if it were some exotic fruit. But for me, it was much more, it was a nectar that had I had once consumed and now was making me into something or someone different. I needed it and couldn't resist the desire to consume it at all costs.

Before stuffing his prick deep into my throat, Tan ordered me to open my mouth, stick out my tongue and not move. He leaned forward and simply rested his dick on my tongue. I could feel its heat and had to resist the desire I had to lick it. I was surprised at its weight and could see only his thick, black pubic hair emerging from the gaping opening of his boxers, now only inches from my eyes.

Tan then ordered me to look up. Satisfied with my total obedience, he leaned back and signaled me to begin. I have no idea how long my lips were wrapped around his dark, Asian spear. Occassionally, Tan would grab my head and control my movement. At other times, he simply left me to do the work. His power of self-control was unmatched. I couldn't imagine having the stamina and ability to delay an orgasm as he did. 

In the midst of my ministrations, Tan's cell phone rang. Signaling me to continue, Tan leaned back and grabbed it off the end table all the while his cock was wedged deep in my throat. 

"Hey James," I heard Tan say. "Really? He didn't tell me. Well, I've kept him busy and you know, Matt knows better than to talk with his mouth filled," he added before chortling. 

As he laughed, his prong sank even deeper into my throat as if that were possible. 

"Well, I'll tell him to do whatever you tell him to do when you are together at the office. You should have a great summer before going to college and I know Matt would want to help ensure that in whatever ways he's able!" Tan said before ending the conversation.

The telephone call seemed to make Tan a bit more aggressive than usual and that was saying a lot. It was as if he had a bit of friendly competition going with his Chinese buddy, James, and knew I would soon be caught, somehow, between them.

Tan wanted to fuck me and bad and went on to say, "I want to sink my cock into your creamy white pussy! I want to feel your womb as my thick head pushes deep inside you to impregnate you with my sperm! You're going to look up into my eyes as you cum without touching yourself knowing just how much I've mastered you!"

With that, Tan pushed me off his cock and ordered me into the master bedroom. I went first as he guided me with his hands on m ample ass. "Damn, Matt IF you were a real woman, with the amount of sperm I've shot into you, you'd have been pregnant with five of me!" he chortled!

Releasing my ass momentarily, Tan ordered me to grab one of the huge towels he had had me buy for these occasions so his bedspread wouldn't get messed up by any of our fluids or lube. "You better be clean, Matt, or I'll have to spank you!" He added, knowing it was too late for me to do anything about it.

Tan pushed me on my back and yanked my butt to the edge of his bed. He pushed my legs apart almost to the point of pain which reminded me why I hated wrestling from the one-time a class mate in high school phys ed had put me into a spread eagle. "Boy, I hope there's still some lube left on my cock because we don't have time to get any more," he said before relenting and spitting a glob of saliva onto my pussy for a little added comfort.

Tan moved forward, placed his knees on either side of my ass and leaned forward so that the head of his ample prick was pushing ever so slightly into my pussy. I could feel it pulsing with his power. 

"Tell me how much you want it, Matt," Tan ordered, his eyes, darkened orbs, looking down at me, pale, white and yearning for another fucking from my master!"

"Oh, Sir, please fuck me," I heard myself say! "I need you so bad! Show me what a real man is like. Teach me how a real man fucks. Make my white pussy yours!" I practically screamed as he fell forward, his seemingly massive cock totally embedded inside me, while his taught abs connected with my softer, more feminine belly. 

"Yes, Matt, I'm only going to do what you asked!" Tan said, as his hips slammed forward, the only buffer left between us being his thick, black pubes. For a while, Tan rested on his knees using my legs like the poles used by cross-country skiers. Then, he leaned forward, stretching my hamstrings and calves as he put pressure on them practically bending me in half.

I had to wonder how this kid could do it, physically, I mean. But then, rutting animals often exceed their own strength as nature propels them to propagate the species and Tan's powerful, thighs, with the thickness of a soccer player, had me believing, if only briefly, that he intended to shove his cock so deep into me that I would be soon carrying his babies.

I never have understood why gay porn always shows a white guy fucking an Asian. Of course, as Tan pointed out, I never have and I never will fuck anyone, male or female, Asian or Caucasian! Maybe I am the exception but I do believe the "industry" has it all wrong. They've never featured a guy like Tan rutting his Asian "wang" into a bottom guy like me! Or maybe Tan is the exception with his strong and demanding will that makes me feel so subservient in his presence. Then again, there is James with a similar cocky attitude and probably innumerable others. I could only imagine how bad off I would be if Tan ever insisted we make a trip to his homeland!

Tonight, Tan did something slightly different. Perhaps he was motivated by the thoughts of James working with me during the day and the desire to mark me in his own way. For the first time, he leaned forward and started to suck and chew on my neck. The spot was low enough that it could probably be covered by my shirt but was still possibly visible to anyone looking closely. Tan was giving me my first hickey, a mark men often give their women in the heat of sexual activity. 

I tried to dissuade him but that only made Tan growl. With my legs wrapped around the small of his back and his stomach rubbing my clit while his cock massaged my prostate, I was soon too lost in his fuck to resist. 

Tan was so worked up that he climaxed rather early into our mating – as if ten minutes of fucking can be considered, quick! As his cum washed my anal walls, Tan rested his chest on mine rather than on his elbows, content to keep his still hard prong moving slowly in and out of my now well-lubricated pussy. Like the testosterone filled teenager he is, his cock only briefly softened but never deflated entirely and soon was hard again. Without missing a beat and ready to push more sperm inside me, Tan repositioned me so that I was now on my knees and he was behind me.

"I love watching your buns jiggle every time my thighs smack your ass," Tan said. "You should see how red you are from our contact – it's like I've already spanked you!" he added.

Time marched on but even Tan was ready for his second cum of the day as he pushed me forward so I was flat on my stomach, his legs inside of mine as he finished his rut. 

"Damn, Matt, you are one fine fuck!" he said, totally satisfied after rolling off me and lying on his back beside me. "I think I'll keep around for awhile. Now get a cloth and clean me up!" he ordered. "But don't spill any of my seed. I cum in you for a reason so keep your pussy lips tight at least for the next hour!" he added.

Gingerly, I got up and did as he had directed. Afterwards, I was too exhausted to care whether or not Tan came two or three times. I simply went to my room and fell flat on my bed ass in the air so as to keep his sperm in me wondering what the next day would bring before passing into a deep sleep!