 We are both 18 year old college freshmen. We did not know each other but were paired up as roommates. After a few months of classes, we became friends. We had spent nights together drinking, watching TV, playing spades... and have noticed that neither of us is particularly good with the ladies. It is not that we are unattractive - just not great at initiating things with girls. We are both virgin virgins. 

Anyhow - one day we are hanging out in our dorm - both using our PCs. I am feeling horny and bored and a little like doing something dangerous to liven up the day. I propose that we watch some porn. As it is something we have never done, you think it a bit unusual, but not bad - so you accept. I put on a variety of porn: blow jobs, fucking, anal and 2 chicks going at it. 

I can see that you are getting into it as much as I am. Still excited by the danger, I ask if you would mind if I play with my cock as I am so horny. Again you think it a bit weird, and maybe a little gay, but we are just watching hetero porn - so it is not really gay, and your cock is hard. You would like the opportunity to play with it as well. So you pull yours out and start to stroke. 

Everything we have experienced so far has really got me going. A beat off session is not going to cut it today. The porn now shows the girl on girl seduction. How a first time woman is convinced to try it, and that it won't make her gay. The argument works on us a bit as well - you can fool around with another human of the same sex and not go gay. Still we are both avowed heterosexuals - we can't just easily jump to the other side.

While all of this is rolling around in our heads, I propose that we touch cocks. I tell you it is not a big deal, and you accept. We stand up and point our cocks at one another's and slowly bring them together. Though no great physical stimulation is occurring, this is the first time either of our cocks have been in contact with another human and the image is electrifying. 

We separate and sit down letting what just happened register. We don't want to do anything gay, but don't want this session to stop either. To take it slow I suggest that I will kiss your cock if you kiss mine. Again, you are torn. You don't want to do it, but you are so hot that you agree to go first. I stand up with my rock hard cock standing proud. You kneel before me and kiss the tip of my dick. You are happy it is over and are looking forward to your turn to have your cock kissed. 

I am really turned on and now am thinking of you sucking my dick. However, it is my turn to kiss yours. I get on my knees and look right at your cock. For reasons I don't really comprehend - though I'm sure it has to do with my desire to not be gay - instead of just kissing your cock like I agreed to - I bite it - hard.

You run around the room holding your cock and bounce up and down in pain. Eventually I calm you down and lay you back on the bed. I feel guilty that I promised I would do something - then did not do it. To make matters worse, I hurt you. I promise to not hurt you again and that I will take my turn. Finally you build enough trust and give me access to your cock again. I stare at it for a while, questioning if I can do it. Steeling myself like I am about to take a shot I do not want. Then my guilt and sense of honor overcome my desire to not do this and I lower my lips down to your cock. 

I do not stop with a kiss though. I need to compensate you for the pain I caused. I push further and feel your cock slip into my mouth. I suck on your dick for 15 seconds or so. It occurs to me that this is not so bad. I would be willing to do this if it resulted in my cock being sucked. I get up and tell you that I will suck your cock if you suck mine. After contemplating how wonderful those 15 seconds were, you decide to go for it.

You lay me down and go to work sucking my cock. You don't know what you are doing, but you've seen enough porn that some of it just comes naturally. You suck my cock with a simple in and out rhythm. After a minute, we change places to keep things even. We keep on this cycle focusing on how great it is to have our cocks being sucked, and enduring delivering the blow job. 

After multiple exchanges, you are back down on your knees sucking my cock. These new sensations and stimulations have now overcome me and I shoot my load into your mouth. Surprised, you spit out my cock and the first stream as the second hits you on your lips and nose. You then back away and I finish myself off.

I soon as I finish cumming, I am overcome with a sense of regret and want to stop. I remember my guilt at breaking a promise, and so I go down on you again and put your cock in my mouth. You now fuck my face for a few minutes before you cum in my mouth. Given that you already took my cum in your mouth and on your face, you have no problem grabbing my head with both hands as you fuck my mouth and shoot your load into me. You maintain your grip and just keep on fucking and shooting into my mouth. I am overwhelmed, but all I can think to do is swallow your load.

We then get up and clean ourselves off in silence. We don't mention it for the rest of the day. 

//----------

That night I relive the whole thing in my mind. Am I gay? I don't want to be gay. I should never do that again. But I can't stop thinking about sucking your cock. I only did it in order to get my cock sucked, but thinking back on it - I really loved sucking your dick even more than getting my own sucked. I decide that I will never do it again, and try to put it out of my mind.

As I sleep - I dream - and it is a fucked up dream. We are by the lake cabin - just the 2 of us. We are swimming in the lake - skinny dipping. You are floating on your back and I am just staring at your cock for hours and hours. We get out of the water to drip dry as we did not bring towels and again I'm starting at your cock. You catch me staring but instead of getting mad, you just smile and walk over to me, guide me to my knees and feed me your cock. 

I am so happy sucking your cock. I keep it in my mouth and love it. You start fucking my face again and as you start to cum, I wake up in the middle of my own orgasm. My dream of sucking your cock has resulted in a real orgasm for me! I get up and shower, determined to push the thoughts from my head. Then I go to class and get away for the day.

//--------

That night we eat together in the caf. We chit chat about nothing in particular - staying away from anything even close to sex. But my mind cannot get the image, the feel of your cock out of my head. You are going through something very similar. You don't want to be gay, but the experience yesterday was so hot, it will not leave your mind.

On our way back from dinner, we both consider that we are heading back to our room where we will have total privacy. The thought of your cock in my mouth is taking over my mind. I begin to walk quickly and tell you there is something I need to discuss with you in our room. You keep pace and figure that obviously we are going to talk about what happened yesterday. You want me to tell you that it will never happen again, but you are lying to yourself.

When we get to the room I hold the door for you and close it behind you. You are ready for the conversation, but instead of speaking I get down on my knees and pull your pants down to your ankles. Without a word I suck your already hard cock. Even though you were expecting the conversation, you were hoping for more sex. 

I am not making a deal - not making a trade. I am now sucking your dick because that is what I really want. I lick your balls. Suck them gently. Lick every inch of your cock and then inhale it again. I stoke and suck you. I look up at you and ask you to cum all over my face. You gladly oblige shooting stream after stream on my eyes, lips, cheeks. 

You clean up and lie down - back to the silence and guilty feelings. I am content, but hard. I let you go and we move on to our own things.

//------

Later in the night, your refractionary period is complete, and the guilty thoughts are replaced with lust. I am reading but you can still see my hard on through my shorts. You are hoping that I might be willing to take it to the next level and let you fuck me, but you also realize that a few hours ago I sucked your cock until you came all over my face and left me there with a raging hard on. If you are going to propose anything, you'll have to be willing to give it first.

You ponder it and decide it will be worth it. You will let me fuck your ass if I will let you fuck me. As you introduce it to me, I consider that I can be fucking you in few moments. I am in.

I tell you to blow me to get me ready - even though my cock is quite hard. I do like having you suck my cock. You have cum around to a similar mindset - sucking dick is pretty fun. After you suck me for a while, you tell me you are ready. Thankfully my cock is thin enough to do no damage back there. I take my rock hard cock and lather up with Vaseline then get behind you and slowly push it into your ass. Despite its lack of girth, you are not quite ready for such a sudden intruder, and it hurts. 

You move forward and tell me it hurts, much to my dismay. That first dip - my first fuck - felt incredible. As the pain subsides, you build up your resolve and tell me to stick my cock in your ass again. I do so, and while it still hurts, it does not hurt as much as the first time. Now you can leave it in. 

I start to fuck you. This is even greater than having my cock sucked. I get to fuck you. You are really getting used to the fucking now - the pain has gone away. After pumping you hard and fast for a few minutes, I pull out entirely. Your ass pushes back towards my cock - so I drive it back it - all the way. Then I pull it back out all the way. After a few cycles of full removal and insertion, the stimulation of your ring and your prostate are enough to make you cum. I keep fucking you. Your ass is contracting on my cock while the full force of your orgasm rocks your body. You just keep on cumming even though your cock has not been touched. Your entire body is shaking - experiencing your orgasm like every part of you is an erogenous zone. This is by far the most intense, longest orgasm you have ever had. The reaction of your body coupled with the fact that this is my first fuck now overpower me and I explode into your ass filling it with my hot cum. 

Again we get up and clean ourselves off more confused than ever. Neither of us wants to be gay, but we can't deny the power of what has just happened. We'll have to wait and see what develops...