 Thanks to those who have written and encouraged me to continue this series. Some one voted multiple times and downgraded the results on my first twelve chapters which discouraged me. But, having two Asian tops write and ask that I continue has been a source of great motivation! Let me know if you like the direction this has taken!

-------------------------------------------------

When the door opened, I remained standing in front of James, frozen with fear. If I had had any brains at all, I would have fled out the emergency exit. James, a totally self-assured and self-confident recent high school graduate, seven years my junior, remained, as always, calm and unconcerned. Of course, he was still fully dressed and wasn't the one about to be fucked on camera. 

Facing the challenge head on, James yelled out, "Who is it?"

When the door to the conference room burst open, I was surprised to see Paul Chen, the company owner's son. Paul was only 19, a year older than James, and was going to one of the Ivy League schools up north. 

While I had been with the company for three years since graduating from college, I had little exposure to the owner's family. When I had last seen Paul, he seemed distant and aloof. Still, I recall being a bit in awe of him when we gathered for a rare party at his parents' home two years prior for the Fourth of July. It was an outdoors affair centered on their beautiful, in-ground pool. With the air of one totally self-confident in his own skin, Paul had walked around in little more than a Speedo, which, as it turned out, he filled out quite nicely. He had laughed when I chocked on my coke after I realized he'd caught me staring at him.

That was a year and a half before I met the Nugyen brothers, Huan and Tan, who had, as they liked to put it, helped me to realize my true identity, as a submissive bottom boy. I guess the fact I couldn't keep my eyes off the hot Chinese stud back then – and now standing right before me, should have been a clear sign of my inner identity.

"What do we have here?" Paul said, while laughing at the same time! 

With my hairless, under-developed chest totally exposed and my shirt held in my left hand, I could only move my lips unable to utter a sound as I felt the rush of shame fuel the redness of embarrassment signaling my predicament so clearly visible to Paul's steel-eyed gaze.

"Oh, hi, Paul," James said. "I asked Matty to come down and help me out with a project," he continued, "something to remember the highlight of my summer internship before I go away to college."

"And what was that," Paul asked, never taking his eyes off me.

"Only the best fuck of my life," James said, completing my shame!

"I guess I should say I'm surprised, but I'm not," Paul responded. "Even when I was only 17 and caught him staring at me at my parents' staff party, I pegged Matt, here, as a fag, but never thought he'd give it up to a guy about my age! I should have taken him into the pool house at my Dad's party and tapped his perfect ass! Hell, James, it looks like you've already learned what most guys eventually figure out in college, a pussy is a pussy! 

Well, as long as you're willing to share that fine booty of his, I may even be willing to help you out," he said as he walked around me before slapping my ass!

"In for a penny; in for a pound," James replied, 

laughing with Paul as if they were deeply bonded fraternity brothers about to tag-team some sorority bitch.

It was so surreal. Tan had sent me down to my office so I could ostensibly help his friend James out with a project. But, as it turned out, the so-called project would be to star in a video of him fucking me! Now, things had gotten worse, as if that were even possible! My bosses' son, Paul Chen had shown up and wanted in on the action. You'd think after being turned out by the Nugyen brothers I'd have finally learned how to stand up for myself, but, if anything, the opposite had happened. 

They had trained me for this moment. For months, I had been consuming their masterful sperm. Millions of their baby-makers had coursed through my body. They had swum up my love canal and probably been absorbed directly into my blood stream or I had swallowed them and they had entered immediately into my digestive system. But even more so, Huan and Tan's unbending, steel-like Asian wills had molded mine into total submission to my superiors. So, when James and Paul turned to me with the same, dominant and superior intensity, I felt any resistance I had, totally melt away!

James, eager to demonstrate his power over me in 

front of Paul simply said, "Strip, bitch!" I had already taken off my shirt, so I leaned down to untie my sneakers. As I was bent over, Paul took the opportunity to rub my ass and said, "Un-fucking believable! I wish my girlfriend at Harvard had an ass like this!" 

James replied, "I sunk my cock in his pussy last night and couldn't get over how good a fuck he was! After working around an office full of prick-teasing bitches all summer, my balls were bloated and had turned blue. I was so pissed-off when one bitch stood me up that I was ready to commit murder. But thankfully, Mattie's roommate ended up helping me out. He got smashed last night at a party we went to and I had to help him get home. All he could talk about was wanting some of his "bitch's pussy!" He made the girl sound so phenomenal that I knew I'd go crazy unless I got some. I finally figured what was up when he slipped and told me the bitch was Matt, here."

"And then, it all made perfect sense," James continued. "I always thought it strange that Tan had moved in with Matt, a 25-year old college graduate. Then it got even better, not only did he have an apartment right after high school graduation, he moved directly into the master suite. Get it, Paul? Tan's Mattie's Master!"

As Paul pondered what James had said, my inability to counter what James had figured out only made bells ring in both their heads!

Almost as if on cue, James said, "Matt, figure it this way, Tan has, in essence loaned you to me for the afternoon. Didn't he tell you to come down here and help me with a project? I'd hate to tell him you disappointed me! Now finish getting those pants off!"

Paul burst out laughing when I dropped my pants and he saw I was wearing a pair of lime-green panties. Of course, in my shame, my cock had shriveled up into nothing which made Paul laugh even harder. "I can see why Tan has him wear panties," with skin this fine and no cock per se, he really is a girly boy!" But, boy or girl, he has an ass that was made to be fucked!"

In response, James replied, "I can't wait to do it again and to have a permanent record of my cum oozing out his pussy!"

With me now cowering naked in front of them, Paul and James discussed how they should proceed. "Look, James said, do you think you can film it so that only Matt's face shows? I'd like to keep my face out of it but would love to film his physical and mental reactions to the stimulus my cock gives him. Hell, it will be hot to show him cum without hands...demonstrating his total pussy status!"

"Wow," Paul replied, "I didn't know that was physically possible!"

"Well," James replied, "I didn't either. I had never had any sexual contact with a guy until last night. It just seemed too gay. But I was so damn horny and Matt had been flaunting his ass around me all summer. Hell, I think his just dropped things on the floor so he could bend down in front of me. I guess if I thought of him as an equal or a man, I wouldn't have been so tempted to tap him. But, you know, I had a few drinks and the more I thought about it, the more I realized it couldn't be all that different from fucking a girl in the ass and, frankly, Matt's ass is to die for..and seeing those pouty lips of his around my cock was almost enough in and of itself to make me cum." 

"Amazing," Paul responded. "Who'd have ever thought we'd be discussing tapping this fag's ass! But then, the more I think of it, the more I want to try it. You make it sound damn, good!"

James then said, "At the end of the day, It was similar to fucking a girl, maybe because of how he acted. At first he seemed to resist, you know, like all the bitches. I almost laughed when I realized how small his cock was and then figured I was really only doing him a favor. And then, I thought, I bet I could make him come from being fucked. Paul, you know how you normally have to play with a bitches clit to get her to orgasm while being fucked. But I realized last night from Matt's moaning that when I aim my cock in his pussy at the right angle, I can hit his prostrate and set him off. Plus, he confirmed when I challenged him that Tan doesn't let him play with himself and makes him get off only from anal stimulation. He's lucky it works out for him or I think he'd be miserable. Anyway, I have no intention of playing with his clit and I call it that as there's no way you could count that as a cock...because I'd feel as if I were fucking some prepubescent kid and not a 25 year old!"

After he said that, both James and Paul laughed, realizing they were real men in the cock department compared with me. Damn, were their words humiliating but true. I couldn't help it, but as James talked to Paul about me, I swear my pussy was twitching with anticipation. My prostate craved the stimulation that only a man-sized cock could provide. I felt a need to cum and, James was so right, since I had ceased to play with myself, I could only get off when at the mercy of a true man!

Paul happened to turn and saw my clit pressing forward on my lime-green panties, "Yeah, James, I guess you're telling me the truth. The bitch must really need it. Look how her clit has firmed up listening to your words. We don't want her getting her panties in a wad....so let's get this show on the road! How about I film her sucking you and then you can film her sucking me. I gotta try out those pouty lips you've been telling me about. Then we can move on to the main event!"

James wasted no time strutting over to stand in front of me. He firmly pushed me to my knees and directed me to remove his cock from his cargo shorts and boxers. Of course, I had been intimate with his weapon the night before but this was an entirely new encounter. James was playing the role of a performer mastering a boy-bitch, me, in front of another Asian, Alpha male! If anything, it made him bone up even more firm and I swear, his dick-head appeared like a hissing snake as it now bobbed in front of my eyes. Very thick, black pubes surrounded his weapon and as I leaned forward to engulf his meaty head, I could already see a pearl of pre-cum on his tip.

James had a mushroom cockhead. I was beginning to think all Asians had to be built that way. Tan had told me Asian superiority would eventually occur as their dicks pushed their sperm deep into white pussy snatches and their dickheads, engorged with red, pulsing Asian blood, kept their sperm from retreating until one of their raiding armies pierced a waiting, white, egg. I often wondered where Tan got this crap from but then found stories some Chinese guy had written on Literotica detailing his conquests and impregnations of multiple white women. I had to admit they were hot. Tan had wanted to write him but for some reason the author didn't provide contact information. I was somewhat relieved, as I was afraid they'd collaborate in some way much as Paul and James were doing right now!

With Paul filming, James started his verbal commentary, "Now Pussy Boy, look up into my eyes." 

My face was right underneath his pulsing cock so filled with blood that it pointed up, almost to his navel. As I gazed up, a drop of pre-cum fell onto my forhead. I was marked by his slimy Chinese sperm and the event was merely beginning! My eyes followed the contour of his rock-hard, yet slim body until our eyes met. Much as Tan and Huan before him, James piercing, black eyes said it all. They were so dark I could barely see his pupils. With his eyes locked onto mine he now ordered, "Open those pouty lips, baby, and show everyone what they were made for!"

Still looking up into his eyes, I opened my mouth as he directed and stuck out my tongue. James then rested his weighty cock-head on my tongue for effect before thrusting his hips forward and shoving it deep into my throat. As his pubes mashed into my face and I breathed in his intoxicating scent, Paul was kneeling at my side catching it all lewdly on film.

"Damn, I can't believe he's taking it all in! That's not exactly a child's toy you've rammed down his throat!"

James, laughed, and then placed his hands around my throat as if he were trying to feel just how deeply his cock possessed me. "Yep, I can feel my head pressing just below his Adam's Apple!" 

James then grabbed my head and began a rhythmic fucking of my throat. "Damn, you'll want to have this," he said to Paul as the camera kept rolling! I've had my share of girls in High School, but I never got head like this. They always acted like it was so distasteful or as if they were doing me a favor, but Matty, here services cock like he can't get enough. It's as if his throat is some sort of sex organ or something!" he added.

Tan had trained me to overcome my natural gag 

reflex. Otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to accept James brutal throat fuck. As usual, my body betrayed itself and I sensed my little clit was boning up from the stimulation my throat was receiving. Maybe James was right. Maybe I was wired strangely and gained some sort of sexual stimulation from giving macho studs like him, head!

"You like that, don't you Fag," James said. He had a sneer on his face as he demonstrated his dominance over me! 

"Hey," Paul interjected, "time to switch. I've got to get some of that!" He added as he quickly shed his genes.

James pushed me off his cock, which exited my throat and mouth with a popping sound. I had drool dripping off my chin from the exertion but didn't have much time to recover before Paul's weapon was placed before me. 

How do you begin to describe a cock like Paul's? It was a masterpiece. The rim of his head flared out and the head itself had a deep, blood red hew. His cock was thick, but not veiny. It had a smooth texture that belied its manliness. Paul, being a year older than James and Tan, took charge of me just like the others had. There was no question that I would obey....it was simply demanded! He was hot having witnessed his friend raping my willing mouth! 

"What do you want, Matt?" Paul demanded, as my eyes were glued upon the Asian spear pulsing in front of me. 

Paul's body resembled Peter Le's from Peter Fever. Even more than Tan or James, his was chiseled from working out. I remembered being overwhelmed by his masculinity when I first saw him three years ago, but now I was immobilized as I stared up at his dominant visage demanding my total and complete submission.

"Sir," I responded, "I need your cock. I want you to impregnate me with your powerful sperm so they swim through my body and totally conquer my thoughts and desires. I want you to find your pleasure in using my body. And I want to feel your superior muscles rub against me as your cock finds its release in my pussy! You are my superior in every sense. You knew it when you first saw me. I didn't understand myself then, but I do now. I am not a real man like you are. I don't have your confidence. I will never fuck a woman. But I know, if you give me a chance, I can please you like you've never been pleased before. Please, Sir, I beg you! I need you, now!" 

Amazingly, all these words simply tumbled out of me. They were unprovoked but simply a realization of the truth. Huan and Tan's sperm coupled with their words had paved the way for James and now, Paul. I can only imagine what Paul and James must have thought as they heard me speak. But then, even for them, it all seemed so appropriate and natural. Me, on my knees before them, begging for their masterful cocks, and even more dominant sperm. Maybe Tan and Huan had mind-fucked me, but as I kneeled on the conference room floor, I could no more resist Paul as I could ever have perceived myself fucking a woman. No, I was made to serve....and for me, the flavor of desire was definitely Asian.

Paul, surprisingly, seemed nonplussed by my words. Here I was, six years his elder, yet kneeling before him. Paul was the epitome of the new China conquering the American in front of him, not by force, but by will. He oozed superiority and we both knew, that by my declaration, he owned me.

Satisfied with my declaration and secretly happy it had been elicited in front of another Asian witness and filmed, Paul, had me look up into his eyes as he gave me what I had begged for. His cock felt like steel encased in velvet as it slid past my lips and kept going, relentlessly, deeper into my throat. I had no idea whether his was the largest of the four that I had now experienced. However, it was definitely one of the larger. I'm sure it was over seven inches, which for any race is well above average. But it was superior in all respects like he, and all the Asians I had encountered had proven to be.

I still couldn't understand why these guys so controlled my mind first and foremost, and then elicited such a total and complete sexual response from my body. I doubt any of my former, so-called friends would understand my now total subservience to these Asian Alphas. I doubt they even understood the concept. But I sure did. These men had wills of steel. They demanded my obedience.  Tan and Huan were shorter and more compact than their Chinese counterparts, James and Paul, but they were the ones who molded me and taught me to obey. 

James cock was now leaking pre-cum. I couldn't get over his succulent taste. It wasn't sweet but was rather quite pungent like the scent that oozed out of his pores. His pheromes were charged and as he held m head with his hands forcing his dick as deep as it could go, I could not help but be overwhelmed by it, that is, when he finally relented and allowed me some air so I could actually breathe in his scent.

Receiving my submission was like an aphrodisiac for Paul. He already knew, inherently, he was superior. Hell, his Dad was my employer. But having me admit it and then, in essence, worship his cock, affected him deeply. Much as Tan and Huan had changed me irrevocably, my submission solidified Paul's own self-awareness. Seeing me, an older, white guy, kneel and receive his cock gave him a sense of destiny being fulfilled. To him, I represented a subservient America and he relished the experience with gusto.

Paul was not sexually inexperienced as I had been until meeting Huan and Tan. He had generally restricted himself to fucking ethnic Chinese girls once he was out from under his parents' control. Like James, he had been rebuffed by white girls in college who subscribed to the false stereotypes of limp-wristed Asians when his cock was demonstrably superior to mine and many others! He had longed to see porn featuring Asian men with white women but such was few and far between. Instead, porn makers stressed the subservient Asian female putting out for white conquerors much as they had been forced to do during the colonial era. No, Paul, was not satisfied with that genre. His mind was formed when China was a dynastic power not to be trifled with. He might live in the U.S. but he intended on getting and taking what was his....and at that moment, that was me.

Paul eagerly looked down upon me as I slobbered all over his engorged, Asian tool. His prick not only had a fat head but was thick in the middle. The sense of power he felt was overwhelming. However, he was a man of self-control and refused to orgasm prematurely. Instead, he was on a mission, intent on sliding his cock into my white pussy and then pounding me for all he was worth in order to breed me with his thick, Chinese baby makers!
