 I apologize to my many faithful readers who've been urging me to pick up this story and write more chapters. I'm trying to get into the psychology of the characters which I rarely see in similar stories. I'd love your thoughts and insight--especially if your more of a Top and especially IF you are an Asian!!!! 

--------------------------------------------------

From Paul's Perspective:

I didn't quite know what overcame me as I slipped my cock into Matt's ass-pussy. It was the first time I'd ever fucked a guy and normally I'd have been repulsed by the idea. Yet, James is such a manly guy and I figured if he like tapping Matt it had to be alright. Plus, everyone knows that fucking a guy doesn't make you gay. It's being fucked that does that. Mentally I knew that and was curious because three other Asian studs had gone where I was about to go without losing their manhood. 

Anyway, I knew I was naturally superior to Matt and most of the white guys I had gone to school with. Oh sure, some were arrogant bastards who thought Asians to be wimpy simply because we're not huge fucking monsters. But then, they also falsely assumed we're small where it counts. Hell, I bet my dick is as big as most of their brains! 

All that being said, I know as most men should, that dick-size doesn't make a man—attitude and self-awareness is where it counts. Still, it was a bit heady to realize that my dick was larger than Matt's which somehow added to the psychology of the event. I mean, it's not like I was going to play with Matt's clit -- but I couldn't help being amused that it was nowhere near the size of a real man's cock! 

As I was saying, when I slipped my cock into Matt it was like something I had never felt before. The walls of his pussy were like velvet. They sucked me in and surrounded me with a warm tightness that was better than any of the pussies I'd fucked in college. As I held Matt's legs, I felt so powerful, a feeling that was made all the more real when I looked down and saw his eyes, wide with incredulity as my manhood pressed in all the right places. Seeing Matt's clit and hairless little ball sack added to my own visual sense of being an almost superman or at least an Alpha where Mattie was concerned. It looked so puny compared to the spear, my spear that was violating him.

I had to give it to Tan, Matt's Vietnamese conqueror. He had trained Matt well in the art of submission. Clearly by taking control of Matt's orgasms and teaching him to come only when anally stimulated, Matt had developed a need to be fucked and soon was giving himself over to me. 

Unlike women who are often passive lovers, Matt was cooperating with me by moving his pussy into place so I could piston deep and wide all the while massaging his prostate. Matt would later admit that he'd always suffered from premature ejaculation when he'd be jerking off so, in some ways, we Asian masters were doing him an incredible favor by prolonging his sexual enjoyment. Of course, I really don't know how much enjoyment a bottom gets...it's not really my concern...but Matt certainly was into it big time. 

I remember how I held his hands on each side of his slim, pale torso in order to ensure he couldn't touch his clit while I pummeled him. He probably could have fought me off if he had the will to do so....but Tan had so formed him that he knew better than to try. 

After a good five minutes of long-stroking that incredible sucking pussy of his, I could tell how close he was to getting off from all my efforts. Once again, I felt empowered by the knowledge I could cause a guy's orgasm simply by fucking him. This was far more fun than fucking some sorority twat plus fucking Matt was also a bit more of a challenge. I didn't have to use my hands playing with his clitty so I felt freer to let loose with my fuck. However, at the same time, I had to use my brains and senses to observe his reactions when I hit his inner organ. It was tantalizing. When I'd long stroke him, his eyes would glaze over. I almost came when he muttered, "yes, yes" like a Parisian whore as I hit his spot. And when my thick head pierced his inner womb, I thought his eyes would literally come out of his head! You talk about a power trip. Actually, I couldn't believe I was lasting as long given the incredible feel and sense of control fucking Matt had given me.

For a first generation, Chinese-American, topping a white guy was a phenomenal experience. I think it brought together all sorts of things for me. For the first time, and in a physical way, I could celebrate and enjoy my superiority over another man both physically, mentally and emotionally. 

I knew I should have been more careful, fucking him raw like that....not knowing Tan or James' sexual histories, and I certainly would counsel anyone reading this to never, never do what I did. But, inherently, I knew they'd be clean, like me. Plus, Matt, here, was clearly an owned pussy, meaning, Tan wasn't the type to share what was his. Delicious....taking Matt was also, in a way, a reflection of the Chinese and Vietnamese rivalry that's gone on for thousands of years! 

When I bred Matt, by shooting my cum deep in his ass, flooding his womb with my copious Chinese sperm, I had an almost insane desire to have actually made him pregnant. I could see our child with his light skin and my more intense features to include my almond eyes. But, then, I had to remember, Matt was incapable of having my child which, in one sense, disappointed me. 

What was I feeling, I wondered? Certainly, I wasn't gay. It wasn't like this was a romantic setting...fucking my Dad's now proven to be gay, Asian-loving employee on the office conference room table. But, still, if I were honest, it was the most satisfying fuck of my short life! This white boy with the little, nearly hairless, cockette, and the succulent cunt seemed made for me. Maybe this was something I should pursue -- like the Emperors of China who had their wives and concubines - maybe Matt could serve my needs in some way....damn, like he'd already served them! And yet, I wanted MORE, I wanted to fuck him until my balls were drained.

But then there was James! I kind of resented him for having fucked Matt, too! However, without him, I would never have tapped that incredible ass! I knew, though, that I'd have to get James to focus on someone else so that I could have more exclusivity with this incredible specimen.

With all these thoughts swirling, and my cock still imbedded in this wonder boy while my cum coated the walls of his pussy, the door to the conference room burst open and Tan strode in. I'm not sure who he was madder at, Matt, James or me! Hell, he caught me fucking his boy with James, his once near, best friend jerking off as he observed and filmed the show!

"What the hell is going on here?" he asked, even though the situation seemed pretty clear to me! 

"Get the fuck off my roommate, you fucking bastard!" Tan ordered. 

Matt had a look of absolute shock and fear. His cockette had now totally shriveled up and truly looked like the clit it was. My cock, however, didn't respond to another Asian's commands and was still practically at full-mast as it insisted on completing another round of the breeding process. 

Matt had started to squirm in order to break hold of my hands which continued to pin him into place as my cock finished up its job. His moving only caused me to firm up, you might say, in my resolve to have him again...if not now, in the near future. 

Thankfully, we Chinese aren't ruled by our body parts and my brain was able to eke out a modicum of common sense to overrule the sensations that coursed through my, you might call, large extremity! 

"You must be Tan," I said, as I continued to slowly pump my cock in and out of Matt's pussy. 

"Yes, and who the fuck are you?" Tan replied.

I'm Paul. My Dad owns this company which employs your boy and James, here, your friend. I caught James doing the same thing you caught me doing, taming this incredible pussy-boy of yours. Frankly, I've never fucked a guy before and probably wouldn't have. But I have to tell you, Matt here is the best fuck I've ever had! I understand you made him what he is. I never thought I'd say this, but I really wish I could take him off your hands."

My words of admiration for Tan seemed to break the ice while my cock continued its relentless second fuck. Tan, while mad at James for taking advantage of their friendship and for fucking Matt without his permission seemed to recognize that we were all on the same level....at least as far as he, James, and I were concerned. We were Alpha tops and Matt was our bottom boy. 

Speaking to James, Tan said, "Friends don't take what doesn't belong to them! I trusted you and you took advantage of me. That was wrong! If you had asked, I might have been willing to share. I am really disappointed in you!"

James responded, "I know you are right, Tan, and I apologize. When you got drunk and I brought you home, I realized there was no way I could get home myself without getting into trouble with the rents so I decided to stay. And after I helped you get to bed and walked by Matt's room and saw his sexy upturned ass, all the frustration I've felt at being played all summer long by the white bitches at work simply got to me. It was as if his twin buns beckoned my cock and all I could think about was getting some ass. And what an ass it was and is! Taking him was such an incredible ego trip partly because I knew he didn't want to admit how hot I am and what a fucking bitch you've made him. I can't tell you how hot it was to slide my cock inside that ass. You sure called him right! Matt here was simply made to be fucked!"

James then added, "Because he was the best fuck of my life, I thought to myself, 'I've got to have something to remember this by'--which was the project I told you I needed him to help me with!"

For some reason, the craziness of the situation made Tan laugh. His roommate Matt was being fucked in front of him by a Chinese guy named Paul while his friend, James looked on, cock hard in one hand and a video camera in another!

"I know I should be angry at both of you and in some ways, I am. Let's just say, from now on, there's no fucking Matt without my permission. It's a matter of honor and respect. Also, I want you guys to get tested because I'm not taking any risks with my boy's health as it directly affects ME! You guys understand?" Tan added.

Paul spoke for both boys when he said, "Absolutely, Tan. I know I'm clean and expect James is, too. But we'll do that for 

you. And, if you don't mind, I'd like to make an arrangement for some more time with your boy before I go back to college. This is just too good to be a one of if you know what I mean!"

"Matt," Tan said, for the first time speaking directly to his boy, "As soon as my colleagues are done, you're to come straight home! I think we better have a long conversation about what I've seen!"

"Guys, have him back within an hour. He's got some work to do at the apartment," Tan said, as if Matt wasn't even present, before leaving to go back to the apartment.

When the door closed, James said, "He took that much better than I thought. But then, I'm not sure whether theirs is a relationship in the classical sense or, well, you know..."

With that, James crawled up on the conference table and placed his cock in Matt's gaping mouth, hot and bothered by seeing his boss's son, Paul picking up steam in a second consecutive fuck. As he watched Paul's determined eyes and heard the slapping of intense copulation, he could feel his own balls getting ready to boil over into Matt's pouty mouth. Damn this was fine, even if Matt wasn't one of those bitches! He could feel his eyes practically going to the back of his head as he shot his thick wad down Matt's throat. It would have felt better if he hadn't been facing Paul and Matt's tongue had been on the underside of his dick, but still the hotness of his first split-roast wasn't lost on him. Two Chinese Alphas and their borrowed, white sub gay boy -- what a cause for a mind-overload.

Paul must have felt the same way as he, once again, bred Matt's pussy. Both of the Chinese Studs pulled out at the same time from Matt's respective orifices leaving him feeling hollow and empty. 

"Well, would you look at that," Paul laughed, as he pointed to the puddle of watery cum Matt had oozed, "Looks like he liked helping us with our project!" 

Now that the boys were sated, Paul slapped Matt's ass and told him to walk to the wash room and get some paper towels to clean up the mess he made. As Matt went to grab his clothes, Paul said, "Not so fast! You'll stay naked until I'm satisfied my father won't figure out the type of Sunday meeting we've just had. And you better be quick in the hall because I think Alex is coming by soon."

The horror on Matt's face showed as he ran to do Paul's bidding. As soon as the door closed behind him, both James and Paul howled in laughter. It had been an incredible afternoon, and both couldn't wait to re-live it by watching that video!