 My friends -- my deepest apologies for taking so long to submit this chapter. I greatly appreciate all your comments and wanted to make sure I incorporated many of your suggestions. I realize this is a bit of a unique story and I understood the concerns of a few it had grown stale. However, I also acknowledge the desire of many that I continue. I'm trying to address the mental aspects of it all and value your thoughts as to whether I'm doing so adequately or not. I look forward to your suggestions.... 

-------------------------------------------------

That Saturday night I had gone to bed early. It was near the end of the summer and Tan and his friend James had arranged to go out to a party. I was relieved as I was always ill at ease around James and for the entire summer, he'd made me feel intensely uncomfortable at work by his slights and innuendo. Most of his comments were such that only I could hear but I always worried that others would see my face redden after he slapped my ass or pinched my bottom. I knew I should have done something to have gotten him to stop but I always felt so humiliated by his actions that I'd become immobilized and unable to think of the right things to say or do.

But that night I was content. I had the apartment to myself and decided to take a sinfully luxurious bubble bath using some lavender scented soap and bath oils I had found at a dollar store. Yep, lavender. I know it sounds so girlie and feminine but the scent was very soothing to me. I had shaved very carefully after the long soak and felt very smooth and incredibly clean as I put the panties on that Tan insisted I wear after drying off and cleaning up after myself. 

I had had a hard week and relished going to bed early without the pressure of having to satisfy Tan. I admit I was a bit jealous and worried he'd pick up some girl and lose interest in me but I realized I was in no position to make demands on him. Over the months he'd lived with me, Tan had matured a bit and while still a young 18, seemed even more the man in our relationship. My cooking skills had improved and I really had become the "woman" in our apartment. Still, although the sex had been mind-bending, I had yet to wake up in the arms of a man that loved me, something I was beginning to realize I had craved all my life. Well, maybe that's a misstatement. I had only realized my true desires when Tan and Huan had helped me to understand I was seemingly unable to provide the type of "love" a real woman expected. Further, they had taught that I sexually responded much as a woman would to a man. And, despite my desire that things would be different, I had just about accepted that I wanted to serve a real man that might, dare I say, love me for more than my pussy in return.

Anyway, clean and smooth, I waited up for Tan to return only to give up and go to bed around 11:00 p.m. For some reason, I crawled into bed and fell asleep on my stomach with my now longish hair splayed all around me. 

At some point in the night, I sensed I was not alone. Strong hands were lightly squeezing and then slapping my butt. In my sleepy haze, I assumed Tan had come home and wanted a late night fuck. I could hear him lowering his zipper and removing his clothes. The next thing I felt was my bed sag as his weight joined mine on the bed. Covers were pulled off and then I felt him lay on top of me, his cock nestled in my buns. 

It was at that moment I realized it couldn't have been Tan. Whomever it was weighed more and was at least six inches taller.  Before I could turn over a man's hand covered my mouth as a set of teeth grazed my ear. I realized who it was when James began whispering, "Don't worry, Matt, I put Tan to bed. He drank too much and is out for the night. But I'm sober enough to get what I want before leaving you and this town to go to college! All summer you've been flaunting that white ass in my face, bending down and tempting me with a bottom that any girl would beg for. Hell, even now, you're wearing silky panties, lying here under me, squeezing my cock like you've wanted my dick all along. And tonight, Matt, I'm not playing any games. Your roommate may be too out of it to get any of this, but I sure the hell am taking what I want so you better get used to the idea!"

By this point, James was fucking my cheeks while resting his entire weight on my back, lifting up only slightly to hunch me. 

"Yes, Matt, after a few beers Tan couldn't resist telling me about your so-called relationship! I always wondered how he got the master suite in your apartment...but then, it's because he is your master! I can only imagine the little stud giving your bare little pussy...and I know he likes you nice and smooth just like a sweet Asian girl...all the cock it needs!"

Suddenly, James used his knees to spread my legs apart and lowered his hands to finger my tits. "Wow, Matt your tits feel just like a small Asian girl's. I'd have said bitch but I save that term for white bitches like you. Oh, by the way," he said as he grabbed my breasts, "what are they, an A-cup," he teased. "Don't worry," he added, "I'm not going to fuck them tonight. I don't want to waste myself on your pathetic, flat chest. Instead, you're going to put out for me like those bitches at work should have. Yes, Matt, you are going to make up for all the fucks they denied me and for the humiliations they put me through. You, Matt, are going to be this Chinaman's white bitch!"

With that, James leaned back and ripped off my panties. The cool air on my hairless ass and the nearness of his surprisingly meaty upper thighs made me break out in goose bumps.  I didn't know what to do. Should I yell rape and hope Tan would hear me and wake up? Should I try to fight James off? Just as when we were together in the office and he'd touch me, I felt too immobilized to respond. 

James didn't waste time but aggressively flipped me over and sat on my legs. His cock, now engorged with blood, was right above mine, his walnut-sized balls touching my smaller ones. 

Seeing how small I was in comparison, James laughed. "My, my, Matt, no wonder I've never seen you out on a date. Your cock would never make a real woman happy. If only the bitches at the office could see us now, my Chinese cock and your pathetic, little-boy pee-pee, they'd be begging for it! But now, Matt, you're going to beg for it. You are going to be the West that meets the East. You're going to be one of the first Americans to see your future when I literally fuck your brains out!"

James moved forward, his knees now on either side of my head and pinning down my arms. He then placed his hairy balls over my mouth and his Chinese cock right on top of my nose. "Breathe in my scent," James ordered. "Open your mouth and lick my balls," he continued. 

I did as he told me to do. Tan had trained me to obey my superiors and James clearly demonstrated he was that and more. As I looked up, my eyes saw with clarity his oozing, purple cockhead as it rested on the bridge of my nose. I don't know what I should have been thinking, but soon, James leaned slightly forward and slimed my forehead with his thick pre-cum. "Yes, Matt, I'm marking you. Be thankful it is my cock and not some radical's from the Middle East! Yes, while we Chinese will take you over economically, they want to take you over body and soul! Tonight, I'm just going to take you!"

I was tempted to say some smartass comment but when I looked up I was silent by the intensity of James gaze. 

James was looking down at me in the same manner Tan and Huan had. His eyes were almost a mystical black that exuded authority and power. There was no way, at that moment, to conceive our seven year age difference for James was not the lesser but my greater as he looked down, triumphantly on my submission. Without saying anything, James eyes ordered me to open my mouth for his hooded spear. His foreskin was totally retracted and his head shiny from his pre-cum. 

At first, James simply rested his cock on my tongue. The weight felt amazing and I knew better to wait before acting on my impulse to suck. James nodded before grabbing my head and shoving that Chinese wang completely down my throat. As my eyes watered and throat constricted around his seemingly immense organ, James leaned forward, grabbed my headboard with his hands and skillfully started to fuck my throat. I think he took great joy knowing he could, at will, smother me with his cock. He loved the fact his bristly and thick-black pubic hair surrounded my nose, a total contrast to the closely cropped hairs that surrounded my clit and the smoothness of my pussy. The sensitive glans of James cock seemed to be in constant contact with my own, sensitive Adam 's apple. 

Much like Tan and Huan, James had incredible stamina. I was convinced these Asian alpha males were the superior of most men their age. Whereas by not allowing me to play with myself Tan had enabled me to resist coming, he, his brother Huan, and now James showed that they could endure the physical stimulation my body provided for seemingly ages without end!

James eyes were glued on his long, olive spear as it rammed in and out of my throat. I had no idea at the time of the depth or range of his sexual experience but he seemed to definitely be enjoying himself. "A mouth is a mouth, Matt, and yours is doing an exceptional job. I bet Tan's been teaching you to service him because I would never, otherwise have expected you to be this gifted!" he exclaimed. James then leaned back and placed his right hand on my neck trying to gauge just how deep his cock reached. His sense of control and the pleasure he received from knowing he could feel his thick head deep in my throat was obvious in the sighs he emitted.

All of a sudden, James pulled out of my mouth and moved off the bed. He walked around it, his massive cock swaying obscenely from side to side. "I bet the only cock that's been in your virginal ass has been Vietnamese," James said with what almost seemed to be a sneer on his face. "So tonight, you'll simply have to contend yourself with Chinese!" He added, "But don't worry, all the quality things in life these days are made in China!" 

Quickly changing the subject James asked, "Do you have a jockstrap anywhere?" 

I'm not exactly the sporty type but I did have a jock from my college days in my underwear drawer. However, I didn't want to tell him because I was afraid how he'd react when he saw all the panties Tan has been forcing me to wear. 

James gave me no choice and went right to that drawer as if he knew which one it would be. Just as I thought, he chortled when he saw what it contained. "Boy, Matt, if the girls in the office could see what you have here they'd be amazed. Damn, I bet Alex would love to see the bitches he fucks wear these," he said as he held up a pair of red panties. Naturally, my faced turned a deep crimson almost matching them.

James rummaged until he found my jock and threw it to me. "Put it on," he ordered! "I don't want to see your pathetic excuse for a cock while I fuck you. With this, I'll have perfect access to your pussy and can pretend that you're a girl as you beg for my fuck. I guess I could have just ripped a hole in the red ones, but, hey, I bet you look so hot in them I'd hate to see them wasted!"

Almost without thinking, I took the jock he had thrown and slipped it up my thighs and over my clit. It's odd the things you recall at strange moments, but I couldn't help but remember that when I last wore it, my pubic hair would sometimes be exposed at the edges but now, all that was there was pure, white skin.  How things had changed over the past seven months. In high school and college, I had hoped I could be a man like all the others in the gym or even like my younger brother. I wasn't all that much smaller than they were but clearly, something was different. They were always more physical than I. I was much more refined and wasn't as suited for the rough and tumble of most sports as they were. Plus, I could easily be intimidated when guys acted in a physically aggressive way towards me.

James approached my bed as if he had won a prize. All his frustration and lust were concentrated in a cock that was Tan's equal. From where I was splayed, I swear I could see his cock pulse as his red, Chinese blood pumped in and out of his organ. I don't know about the average Chinese, but James certainly defied the stereotypes. 

James came to the edge of my bed and pulled me forward by my legs. With surprising gentleness, he ran his hands up and down the inside of my thighs. Most men and boys have rather pronounced hair in that location and I once had some but Tan had ordered me to shave what I had off and to use Nair and scented cream to keep the area soft and smooth. And of course, I just had to have taken a scented bubble bath before going to bed.

"Your skin is incredible," James said with an air of astonishment. "Your skin is so white and creamy, a great contrast to my more olive complexion. I can't wait to see my cock as it slides into your shaved and baby-smooth pussy."

I couldn't help but recall similar words Tan and Huan had used in our earliest encounters. Back then, they repeatedly told me they were helping me to find my true self -- that their sperm...the sperm of true men...would mark me and change me into what I was made to be. Perhaps my incapacity to resist James only proved they were correct -- what they had injected into me had achieved the results they had foretold. And now, I was about to receive another Asian injection!

As I thought about these things, James had moved forward and placed his knees between mine. He grabbed my legs and placed them on his shoulders. As he leaned forward, he rolled me back, exposing my winking pussy to him. No words were spoken as he began to slide his cock back and forth against my pussy lips, sliming them with his copious pre-cum. Thank goodness, I had gone to bed, pre-lubed in case Tan had wanted me after their party was over. 

"I can't help but think of you as a girl," James said as he looked down into my eyes. "But I know you're a man or at least you should be. But Matt, your body was made to be fucked. Your skin is flushed with sexual excitement and your tits are hard. I can only imagine that if you were a true woman, you'd ovulate just as my cock entered your womb!"

Oddly, James seemed to know I'd be clean. He never mentioned protection. Maybe he and Tan had spoken but, nevertheless, it was clear he intended to breed me. His cock simply wasn't to be denied. James pushed his cock against the entrance of my pussy and gasped as my lips opened to receive him. 

Having never inserted my clit into anything other than my hand, I could only assume the delight he felt as he penetrated my body. In one sense, I felt far removed, almost sad that I would never experience the thrill he was receiving. Yet, I also felt my own release as I felt James take me. I had given up the fight and succumbed to his lead in the dance we'd been having ever since the day he started as our intern. Whatever doubt I had of his superiority was over as his rampant cock repeated rubbed my prostate. 

Clearly, James was taking me. But I was also giving myself to him for his pleasure. He had, perhaps, intended to diminish me by taking me, but as I realized in that instance, he was also giving me what I needed, what I craved. This is what Tan and Huan had been telling me all along. It was more than dominance and submission although aspects of these were, to be sure, present. 

I realize you may never understand, but it also had to do with nature — at that moment, James and mine but Tan's and Huan's as well. It was their nature to be powerful and dominant. It was my nature to be more supportive, in the background. I was a giver and they were takers – but they gave of themselves as well. The contradiction and the truth were startling. I was only now beginning to see and understand what my mind and my body craved. Huan and Tan said one day I'd understand and finally, the mental and physical were merging in the same way James and I were becoming one.

My mind was freed of its thoughts as James made his presence very known. He was rutting now, using his hips to thrust his cock deep into my womb. Here was a man clearly intent on seeding me. He thrust my legs off his shoulders, leaned back, and gripped my ankles to keep his body rooted to its purpose. 

James was not to be denied. His pelvic muscles were working overtime and he was so intense in his fucking that I could feel his bones smacking against mine. I was sure I would be red from the physical contact and sore from his exertion. 

Stopping momentarily, as if to catch his breath, James merely uttered two words but they were clearly a command: "turn over." Soon, my ass was in the air like a baboon's and James had reinserted his cock into my pussy. He placed his weight completely on my back. Our skin touched everywhere and I could feel his pointed nipples as they rubbed my back between my shoulder blades. 

"Yes, Baby," he cooed as he sucked on my ear. He was treating me as he would a woman...taking what he wanted but giving at the same time. James forced me down on the bed, his left hand under my jaw and the right, tight around my chest. I'm surprised that Tan couldn't hear the smacking sounds he made as he pistioned in and out of me. He was on automatic now and was none other but an incredible, fucking machine. Smack, smack, smack....in and out...on and on it went. 

James started to suck on the area where my neck and left shoulder merged. Yet again, he was marking me. The hand that held my chest moved to my breasts, flat and scrawny but soft and he squeezed before rolling my small, pointed nipples. 

It was a good thing Tan had trained me to cum solely through the stimulation of my prostate, as there was no way I'd have ever been able to place a hand on my clit. It was all about James, but also, me, because James was giving me everything that he was and as Tan had, showing me, once again everything I am and need.

A person like me who has never fucked can't quite get into the head of a man who does. James was a total, rutting, Chinese stud with a degree of self-mastery that was amazing. He'd been waiting for this moment ever since he'd met me in my apartment but his need to conquer and take me had grown through our daily contact at the office. While I had thought he was simply having fun and games at my expense, he was totally serious. James didn't think of me as an equal, sexually, and clearly didn't perceive or treat me as a man. While he knew I had the equipment of one, well, theoretically at least, he had correctly understood that I was wired differently. Perhaps this is the true nature of an Alpha male. They seem to smell the scent of weakness; they know their prey or ones who are naturally vulnerable and desirous of or in need of their masculine capacity.

Shortly before his climax, James leaned forward and grabbed me tightly around my chest almost as if he thought I might try to slide out from under him and deny his total conquest of my ravaged pussy! As he fucked me into a prone position, his legs now in-between mine, I felt more and more smashed into my own mattress. The stimulation of my prostate and pressure of the mattress against my pussy pushed me over the edge and my pulsing ass soon did the same for James as well. I knew my jock strap was full of my fluids as my pussy was of James' essence.

However, James was not finished. His cock never totally softened. Relaxed from his release but still hard because of his conquest, James now languidly continued to ease his still hard cock in and out of my pussy, now nicely lubricated by his copious emission. Rolling us on our sides, James laughed as he realized I had cum in my jock. "It's a good thing I made you wear that jock, Matt, or you'd have stained your sheets!" he said.
