 Sorry folks for the delay. My computer crashed from a virus and I've just resurrected this chapter from Word--phew! I am submitting it now rather than work on it more since I'm not sure I can save it to my currently inaccessible hard drive. More to follow! 

--------------------------------------------------

I woke up with a start. I could have sworn James had been behind me all night long holding me possessively with his arms around me while his rampant Chinese cock was embedded deep in my pussy. However, when I opened my eyes, he was not there. 

I began to wonder if it had all been a dream -- James, the cocky, barely legal, high school graduate, finally getting "a piece of ass" -- as macho studs like -- to refer to it, as in my ass in my room. No, it couldn't have been, I shuddered, thinking that I couldn't have submitted to that arrogant bastard who had tormented me all summer, patting me on the ass whenever I bent over, ordering me around to get his coffee and do mundane chores as if our positions were reversed. James had been intolerable towards me, constantly letting me know he knew he was ultimately my superior.

Then I touched my pussy. It was all sticky! My pussy lips were swollen and my sheets were caked with dried semen. Whether I wanted to admit it or not, James had bred me bareback until I had passed out. He may have just turned 18, but James was a pure stud. 

Without realizing it, I stuck my finger into my "cunt" as James had called it and realized his cum still seemed fresh. He must have had one more go before he left, I thought, but then how come I didn't remember? As I pondered this, I couldn't resist the urge to remove my finger and bring it to my lips. Sure, it smelled a bit like ass, deep and pungent, but as I licked my finger clean, I realized it had a unique taste. 

James' was only the third man's cum I had tasted up until that point. I couldn't include myself in that number as Tan and Huan had shown me the qualitative difference between their cum and mine. What I emitted from my pathetic cockette or, as Tan called it, my little clitty, was watery and weak compared to their thick and copious cum. 

As they had pointed out, unlike them, I was physically incapable of breeding a woman. First, my clit was, in all likelihood, too small to please one. Second, I doubt I could physically insert my little member into a real cunt now that Huan, Tan and James had taught me to cum from being fucked rather than fucking. 

I had once thought that Tan had reoriented me. Tan, however, explained it differently. He had merely helped me to see my own orientation! Yet even more, he had helped me to see my intense need to serve superior males. If all this wasn't enough, Tan and Huan had shown me I couldn't last even a minute from external stimulation. However, when I submitted to them, and allowed myself to cum from the stimulation their Asian spears induced, I could last almost as long as they did. 

As I pondered the taste of James' cum, I began to be alarmed at my predicament. I still had to work with him and knew the next two weeks would be even harder than the rest of the summer had been. But then, I also had to deal with Tan and his inevitable hang-over. Energized by absolute terror of Tan finding James' cum in my cunt, I jumped out of bed and raced to the shower down the hall. I could only hope the hot water and the lavender soap Tan insisted I use would rid me of James' scent and the residue of his copious cum that I could feel running down my legs. 

After I felt somewhat clean, I changed the water temperature to as cold as I could stand it and pointed the shower wand directly on my pussy hoping the cold spray would cause the swelling to go down. I'm not a lover of cold water and couldn't stand it for more than a minute. Damn, what a predicament I was in! Hopefully, Tan wouldn't notice or think he had been the cause of the swelling during a previous fuck.

As I was drying off, I heard Tan yelling, "Get in here, Matt!" Tan had just returned to his bed after a piss and looked bad. He clearly had the worst hangover of his young life and an attitude to match. 

"Bitch," he growled, "I feel like shit and can't remember much of anything from last night except that I didn't get any. Get your lips around my cock. Maybe if I can get off, I'll feel better or can fall back asleep. But first, get me some water and aspirin!"

I ran quickly to get what Tan needed. As soon as he finished gulping down the water and swallowing the aspirin, I got between his legs and began nursing on his amazing cock. Tan was lying back on a bunch of pillows and took great joy in using his amazing thighs to lock my head in place. 

"Yea, Matt, get me off!" Tan muttered as he used his pelvic muscles to thrust his cock up into my throat. This was not going to be a long, drawn out affair. Tan needed to get off and he was simply using me as a means of releasing his sperm. As his balls began to churn, Tan decided he needed a different angle. Gripping my head, he pushed me backward, and with his knees on either side of my head, his cock in my throat, and my nose smashed into his pubes, he did what comes naturally, and fucked my throat as if it was a cunt. 

On that Sunday, Tan wasn't into psychology but solely into busting a nut. His thrusting was such that he was breaking into a sweat. I don't think he'd ever been that forceful as he was so desperate to get off. As I focused my mind to relax in order to keep my throat loose, if only to preserve any hope of ever talking again, I felt totally at this lithe stud's mercy. Any other eighteen-year-old would have just used his hands. Tan, however, felt it was beneath him to resort to masturbation when he had his own, personal cocksucker at his disposal. 

The towel I had been wearing had fallen off and despite all my hopes to the contrary, Tan could see that I was getting off on his fucking my mouth! "Damn, Matt, I can't believe you get so hot for my cock that your clitty gets all hard. It always makes a real Man proud when his woman gets off from a fuck, but really, Matt, this is unreal! For all practical purposes, your throat is a pussy!"

Just as his cock was as deep in my throat as it seemed humanly possible, the phone rang. "Damn," Tan yelped, "That fucking phone makes my head want to come off!"

Instead of releasing me from my oral submission, Tan rolled me over, on my back, and basically sat on his haunches which rested on either side of my head facing the headboard of his bed. That way, he could reach over and pick up the phone all the while keeping me impaled on his weapon.

"Hello," Tan said. "Hey, James. No, I just woke up with a terrible headache. Yea, Matt got me some aspirin and water. No, he can't come to the phone because he's busy at the moment. Sure, you want his help on a project from the office. I'm going to want it quiet around here so I'll send him over when he's free. No problem. Glad to be of help! Oh, and thanks for getting me home. I never should have drank so much. Good thing I'm not living at home or Mom would have killed me. Ok! Later, Dude."

"James wants you to meet him at the office in an hour," Tan told me. "He says you need to work on a special project for him so get me off and get out of here.....I'm going to sleep this damn hangover away!"

With that said and my fate sealed, Tan continued to ram his cock deep into my throat. I was beside myself with the thought of what Tan and James had arranged for me. I guess I had lost my focus as Tan slapped me hard and told me to concentrate. "Damn, Matt!" He said. "I trained you better than that. This is NOT the day to try my patience. Now work my cock and get me off. You know you want my sperm in you. I'm doing you a fucking favor by letting you have some when I'm feeling all shitty. So do your job, damnit!"

With that, I spent another minute focusing on his mushroom head and the glans right behind it. I seemed to have gotten back my mojo as Tan soon blasted two-days worth of his pungent cum into my mouth. Knowing Tan's attitude, I meekly collected his sperm on my tongue and showed it to him before swallowing and then cleaning him up.

Now spent, Tan seemed content to lay back in his bed and go to sleep leaving me only 45 minutes to get dressed and to the office!

What the hell could James want me at the office for on Sunday, I wondered? I didn't even know he was working on anything special! 

At 9:30 a.m. on a Sunday morning, I trudged out of my apartment to walk to the office. I had been walking more lately as Tan often wanted to use my car. Knowing it was Sunday and he was home in bed with an immense hangover, I thought it best to leave both the car and keys behind. 

I arrived at the office just before 10:00 a.m. 

The building looked empty from the outside. However, I did see James' car, alone, in the parking lot. When I opened the door with my key most of the lights were off. Finally, as I entered my cubicle I saw James. He beckoned me towards the Conference Room.

"I'm so glad you got here on time, Matt," James said. We've got to get this done by Noon so that no one comes in and interrupts us." 

"What are you talking about," I asked. 

"Oh, just a means of remembering your special talents while I'm away at school," James mentioned, nonchalantly, as he pointed to video camera equipment he had set up at three different angles in the Conference Room.

Immediately, a sense of dread overtook me! "What do you mean, James?" 

"It's simple, Matt. I'm going to film you making love to my cock. The first time, I'll cum on your tongue and finish on your face. Then, I'm going to breed your pussy right here on the conference room table. The cameras will be covering things from all three angles and will be focused on your pouty lips and that incredible ass that you've spent the summer waiving in my face."

"But..but..but...Tan will kill me if he finds out!" I blubbered. "And what will we do if someone comes in while your fucking me?" 

James just sneered at me and said, "Matt, I won't care if they do! In Chinese culture, much like in Islamic culture, fucking someone doesn't make you gay and I'm certainly not a homo queer like you! It's the bottom boy that's considered a fag. Normally, guys try it out when their teenagers and then move on. But to bottom for a younger man....now that's just beyond the pale. Plus, given your behavior around me, do you really think anyone here would actually be surprised to see you sucking me off or my cock tapping that fine ass? No Matt, they know I'm the real man and you're a mere pussy. However, the staff here are nice and don't rub it in your face! I bet Dave would drool to have helped with this little video project and will be pissed I didn't cut him in," he said, before laughing! 

"Yep, Matt, I can't wait to see how hot you look sucking this," he said as he hands lewdly groped his ample basket that was barely contained in his tight fitting jeans! "Yes, I'll need a visual reminder of that pussy of yours gripping my cock like it did three times last night! Hell, I'm sure you still have enough cum up your ass so that we won't need any lube," he continued, before laughing almost hysterically!

This was not looking good! I had to think of something. There was no way I wanted a DVD of my face glued on James weapon! But what could I do? What did I want to do?

"Matt! Get those clothes off NOW!" James shouted, shocking me out of my complacency. 

"I can't do this, James," I whined. 

"Take of your shirt, Matt!" James countered, as he walked toward me. "Take it off, Matt!" he said, softly, evenly but with an air of certitude.

As I raised my hands to take off my golf shirt, we heard the front door to the office open.