 Ok, so I know that you guys haven't heard from me in about two years (DON'T KILL ME!!!) and I am very, undeniably, regretfully, and unbelievably sorry to keep you all waiting. The only excuse that I have is that I was completely wrapped up in college work and kinda, sorta, definitely forgot that I even wrote this story. I know that some of you want to rip me a new one (not in the good way), chew me out (again not in a good way), and/or fuck me up (I can keep this up all day), but please look past my neglect and know that I am very sorry and I have a bit of an attention span probl...I'm hungry. It is not as long as the last one, but that is only because I am setting up the foundation of the sexual part of this relationship, which will be in the next installment, so don't go skimming the story in order to get to the "goodies", for there are none at the moment. Also, I apologize in advance to any of those out there who will get the song that is later in this installment stuck in their heads and that I do not own any rights to the song. Anyway, here is Part 3 of Two Worlds Collide. 

Ryndal

After I finished bathing, I started to get dressed. Putting on the strange small shorts first, I then put on the large, rough, blue pants; oddly, they aren't that uncomfortable. The shirt is rather soft and is a deep green, my favorite color. I look in the mirror on the wall and look at myself. Not bad. I think that I could get used to this. As I open the door, my eyes are drawn to the bedroom across the hall. I begin to walk across the hall and into the bedroom, as if someone else were controlling my body.

After entering the bedroom, my gaze is drawn to the bed. Looking at the wet, blood stained-sheets, I begin to wonder what had happened when I had first arrived in this place. I look around the room and spot my blade-bow. Well, at least I know that I don't have to rely on just magic to defend myself, just in case. Now that I know that, I guess I had better clean up the mess that I made. I slowly walk to the bed, lay both of my hands on the bed and close my eyes. I started to chant a spell. Slowly at first, steam started to rise from where my hands lay, spreading outwards, causing the water in the bed to evaporate and the blood to disappear completely. When I opened my eyes, the entire bed was dry, warm, and blood free. 

I hear voices coming from the kitchen. From the tone of Ethan's voice, he isn't happy to see the person. I reach for the doorknob, but then I remembered what Ethan had told me: there are no elves on this planet. Well, this could be problematic. Guess I have no other choice...

Ethan

I stand in shock as my ex is standing right in front of me, smiling. Why is everything happening to me all at once?

"What are you doing here?" I said in an aggravated tone. As if he didn't notice my tone, Jake walked past me into the apartment.

"Just came by to pick up the rest of my things." He said with a smile. I guess I should tell you what Jake looks like. He is around Ryndal's size: 5'10" with a slim, but muscular build. Ryndal and Jake looked like they could be related, except for the obvious elven ears. There were only a few differences. They both had brown hair, but where Ryndal has deep green eyes, Jake has very light blue eyes, just a little darker than a husky's. Also, where Jake had a tan, Ryndal had paler skin.

"I'm pretty sure that you already got everything out of here." I said, glaring at him. He moved closer to me with a confident smile on his face.

"Not everything. You still have my heart." He said in a silky voice. 

I rolled my eyes at his audacity. After all that he had done and to claim that he still had feeling for me was outrageous. All affection that I had for him had exited my body as he entered that twink.

"You have some nerve to think that you can just waltz in here and try to use that silver tongue of yours to try to get back with me." I said, making it obvious that I was pissed.

"If I recall correctly, you loved it when I used my silver tongue." He whispered into my ear in a seductive tone.

"Well that was before you decided to play 'Whack-A-Hole' with Sir Moans-A-Lot. Now, get out."

"Awww. I know you don't mean that. You are all alone. It looks to me as if you are not over me." He said.

"Ethan. Who was at the door?" Came a voice from down the hall.

I turned around to see Ryndal coming out of my bedroom...at least I think it was Ryndal. The person before me looked a lot like Ryndal, except he had round ears instead of pointed ears, his face went from beautiful to handsome, he had slightly broader shoulders, and his voice was deeper. Overall, he was still sexy. Added to that, he had changed into some blue jeans and a deep green button up shirt that was hanging open, revealing his tight, lean body. He walked over to me and wrapped one of his arms around my waist.

"Hello there. My name is Ryndal." said Ryndal, offering his hand to Jake. Jake stood there in shock. He then came to his senses and numbly took Ryndal's hand to shake.

"Uh I'm uh Jake." Jake said, still in shock. It was hard to tell if he was in shock of me having someone as sexy as Ryndal in my arms or from the fact that Ryndal was sexy. "So how long have you two been together?" Jake asked suspiciously.

"Well, we actually just met last night, and it was accidental too." Ryndal said.

"I was at a club when Ryndal came out from under the bright lights and accidentally spilled water on me." I said, only lying about the club part. Ryndal seemed to catch on.

"At first, I was a little apprehensive about Ethan, thinking he was going to hurt me, but I warmed up to him and he soon had me in stitches from laughing so hard. I thought I was going to die." Ryndal said with a glint of humor in his eyes.

"I then took him back here, because he was a little unsteady on his feet and he had no way of getting home at the time." I said, thoroughly enjoying playing this game with my ex.

"I knew he was a keeper when he took care of me all night long. I mean, the bed was a complete mess when we left it and soaked through with many fluids." Ryndal said huskily. He then started to rub the base of my neck with his fingertips. I could hear my brain sending a certain message southwards: Houston, we have lift off. If he kept this up, I would not be able to control myself. Luckily, Jake seemed to have come to his senses.

"Well, um, it was nice to meet you. I just wanted to see if Ethan was doing fine. I can certainly see that he is. I had better get going." With that, Jake left. About five seconds after the door shut, I looked over at Ryndal and made eye contact. We couldn't hold it in any longer and both started laughing at the situation. After we stopped laughing, I looked at Ryndal with a questioning look. In reply, Ryndal rolled his eyes.

"If you are wondering why I look the way I do, it was caused by the thing that gets blamed for unexpected phenomena: magic. You have already seen enough magic to know that it exists and that almost anything could happen." He said, looking at me with a raised eyebrow. This elf was definitely not like the quiet, polite elves from the stories. 

"Are you always like this?"

"Like what? Handsome? Entertaining? Spontaneously popping out of thin air to fall onto unsuspecting sleeping men and get them soaked then making their ex-lovers feel really awkward? Or me being sarcastic and energetic?" He said while looking at the ceiling with an innocent look.

"How about all of the above? For someone who apparently went through losing a group of your friends and then nearly being torn to shreds, you seem to be awfully cheerful and energetic." I said, giving him a look that asked are you crazy? What I got in return was another rolling of the eyes and an exaggerated sigh.

"As to the whole energetic part, I am an elf and we have a lot of energy. Now about the whole friend thing, we all knew that we would die eventually and have sort of made peace with that fact. I am not as sad that they died as I am at the fact that I was the only one to make it. I know that I will meet up with them in the afterlife when my time comes.

Also, it helps that I was able to fulfill my duty and warn my people of the threat."

"But aren't you worried that your home will be destroyed?" I asked.

"Of course I am worried, but what else can I do? I have no idea as to how I can get back to my planet. Also, I know that my people are strong and that we have ancient defenses set up to repel invading armies. And with the fact that our allies are close by, we would have reinforcements quickly. The only way that the invaders would be able to penetrate our defenses was if they were able to sneak up on us, which is no longer the case." He said with confidence. 

I looked at the clock and noticed that it was getting close to my dentist appointment. I looked at Ryndal, wondering what to do with him.

Ryndal

When Ethan told me that he had a dentist appointment, I gave him a blank stare. Ethan sighed.

"I have an appointment to get my teeth cleaned and checked out to make sure that they are healthy. So I need you to stay here until I get back, which should only be for a little over an hour." He said.

"And what am I supposed to do in the mean time?" I said, arching an eyebrow at him.

"You could watch the television until I get back." Blank stare in three...two...one. "Follow me" He said, walking to the area where we slept. He grabbed an object that looked to have many buttons on it. He then pressed a button on the object and the large box that was previously black burst into color. It looked as if he had cast a clairvoyance spell on it like I had done to the mirror. He then turned to me.

"This is a television, and this in my hand is a remote, which you can used to control the television." He then handed me the device he called a remote. "You use the buttons to change the channels and use these to change how loud it is. Each channel has different types of shows that you can watch to entertain yourself." He said, then handed me the object. I pressed a button with a number on it and the television change from animals to something with a lot of skin. After looking for a moment, I realized that it was two men getting really intimate. My eyes got real wide, my jaw dropped, and my skin turned red. I looked at Ethan with my shocked expression and noticed he had the same expression on his face, but I think it was for a different reason. He then grabbed the remote from my hand and pressed a button and the view on the television changed back to the animals. 

"Ahem. Uh as you can see there are many different types of channels to choose from, ranging from history, entertainment, children shows, and, as you already saw, entertainment of an adult nature." Ethan said, avoiding eye contact, while blushing furiously. After the awkward moment, Ethan made a hasty retreat out the door, with me staring after him with a confused look on my face. I decided to sit down and experiment with the television. I pressed the button that changes the channel and came upon an entertaining and colorful song. I grinned wickedly and started making preparations. Hell hath no fury like a Ryndal woken...

Ethan

I spent the entire time thinking about my new guest as I sat in the dentist's chair. I thought about how difficult it must be for him to adjust to a world that is completely different from his own; I began to pity him. If I had been the one to be suddenly dropped off on his planet, I don't think that I would have survived. Also, I kept on thinking about the strange vibes coming from him. During the situation with my ex, when he wrapped his arm around me, I am not sure if it was because he had feelings for me, or if he was just helping me out. I just seem drawn to him by some invisible force, and when I am around him, a certain part of me just doesn't seem to take the hint about discretion. All it keeps thinking is: Hoist the sails!!!! I sighed. God I hope he didn't notice, and if he did, is not insulted.

After my dentist appointment, I made my way back home, praying that everything was normal...or as normal as it can be with an interplanetary elf stranded in my apartment. I opened the door and noticed something that has never happened since Ryndal appeared: silence. I called out his name and got no response. I made my way down the hall to my room to see if he had fallen asleep. As soon as I reached the doorway, I noticed something come out of the bathroom. The creature that appeared was monstrous in appearance. It had thin arms and legs, but a large body. Its skin was pasty white with multicolored spots; it had bushy hair that matched the spots. Oh shit. It opened its elongated snout and the most horrific sound came from it.

Da da da da da da da da circus
Da da da da da da da da afro
Circus afro circus afro
Polka dot polka dot polka dot afro

After it stopped singing it just continued to stare at me with a smile on its face. From the room I heard laughter. I slowly turned my head towards the noise and glared. On my bed was Ryndal holding his sides as he rolled around on the bed, laughing loudly. I body towards the bed and sprinted at Ryndal. I jumped on the bed and started to tickle him. I didn't think that it was possible for him to laugh louder.

"Think you are funny now do you?" I said as I continued to tickle him.

"That was payback for waking me up. I was just getting even for what you did." He said gasping for breath.

"You got your payback when you flung me across the room, so now I am getting my payback." I said. After about a minute longer I stopped tickling and watched as he finally stopped laughing and we just stared into each other's eyes. Then the unexpected happened: he leaned up and kissed me. After the surprise wore off, I deepened the kiss, moving my tongue inside his mouth, massaging his tongue with mine. He tastes like mint. I slid his still unbuttoned shirt off of him and caressed his skin. I removed my mouth from his and started to lick his neck and suck on the base. He started to moan and gasp as I caressed his back with my hands. I moved my head even further to the nickel sized nipples and started to lick and suck on them. Doing so caused him to arch his back, moaning in heat. I slid one of my hands further down, working them into his jeans. I slid my finger into his crevice and gently rubbed my fingers across his entrance. That seemed to break him out of his sexual haze, for he put his hands on my chest and gently pushed me away from him. I looked at him with a confused look and all he did was utter one word: "virgin". 

Elven warrior says what? 