 Cameron inappropriately touched me last week, on the bus to the swim meet, in the back seat. I like being touched inappropriately. It was so apropos. We're both consenting adults, being eighteen didn't mean a thing to me until Cam placed his sturdy hand on my neck, made me come, and awarded me a complimentary fingering. Newly-found bisexual thoughts now race through my mind. I cannot stop thinking about it! I literally overheated when Cameron took me for the test drive. Transmission fluid soaked my swim sweats and ruined my gym bag. 

If you read my story about that sexy saucy bus ride, then you could certainly understand why my irrational imagination is now completely off the rails. I think I have a screw loose or something. Throbbing pulses of electric adrenaline are compelling me to find a friend, today, to help with my compulsions. Somebody please help me with these constant erections - they are definitely lasting more than four hours. There's no time to beat around the bush when you're in this condition...I should seek medical attention.

Who's it going to be? I'm sitting in shop class, impatiently tapping on the counter by the grinding wheel. Hmmm. The solidified pipe in my pants is obvious to anyone who's looking. But that's not important right now. I ponder my possibilities. My nerdy chess-club friend Margaret is a possibility, she's working the spindle sander making a groove into her cat sculpture. She's not a real looker, but I could probably convince her to give me a hand-job in study-hall. But, the thing is, here's no possible way I can wait that long. It's only 11:45! Have to look at other options.

Every time I shift position, my cock responds with ecstatic tingling sensations and then tries to get harder, which is practically impossible. Staring at Billy Middleton over there, I wonder what he'd look like with makeup and heels on. His blonde hair is stylishly cut, flared at the ends, skillfully made to look like a mess. I sit right behind him in Science class. He has always been extra friendly, and I think I've been missing his not-so-subtle signals. Too busy concentrating on the females. I've been too shy to do anything with anyone. That's gotta stop. I've made up my mind.

I imagine Billy on his knees and hands in front of me. He's wearing thigh-high stockings, with seams (of course). He's looking back at me, licking his raspberry lip gloss. The piece of marble in my pants jumps at the image. Uh-oh...Must. Not. Stop. Think. Ice. Glacier. Breathe! Sigh...

Ejaculation level, Mr. Spock? Nominal reading Captain. I sure don't want to come in class again. Too embarrassing. That was close. I must concentrate on the task at hand...I'm sure that Billy would go to lunch next period, where I can ask him to help me out with a handy.

I have positioned myself in close to where he's using the drill press to make screw holes. "Hi Billy, what's goin' on for lunch today?" I ask. He doesn't hear me; the drill is loud, the bit squealing as he lowers it into the board. I 'accidentally' drop a hammer off the bench. It almost lands on his toes.

"Tyler McKenzie!! He dramatically holds his hand on his chest, feigning breathlessness, "You scared the pants off me! You shouldn't sneak up on people like that..." 

He squints at me with beady eyes for a second, lips pursed. "What do yooou want?" 

"Um, I noticed you working over here...drilling things. Just wanted to see if you would like some help with that" I say with an innocent expression. "You want to skip lunch and get McDonalds or something?" 

Billy bops his index finger on my nose and whispers, "Well Tyler I'd thought you'd n-e-v-e-r ask!" He smells like a fruity grape tootsie pop.

"How many licks does it take Tyler"? Says the owl sitting next to me.

Flipping his hair away like Madonna, Billy leans towards me, like he's telling me a secret, and says, "I think during lunch you should come down to the bookstore, and we can..." 

Before he can finish, Mr. Edwards, the shop teacher, says, "Alright everyone. Let's get the equipment dusted off and the tools put away, then get back to your desks."

I get back to my desk and sit for a minute, impatiently. I see Jenny Smith out of the corner of my eye, legs crossed. I imagine her sharing a tart cherry muffin with Lisa Byron...Like I said - libido issues.

The bell rings and I'm back to reality. I better hurry up, don't want to leave anybody hanging.

I'm floating down the hall, navigating my way through the unlucky throngs, looking forward to something exciting, maybe more than I was hoping for! Perhaps a heartier dish than hors d'oeuvres in the back of a bus. My tense brain has me all amped up and anxious, but my rapidly beating heart, adrenaline and sheer sex drive guide me down the steps, towards the first-floor bookstore. I'm vibrating inside my abdomen and my throat has become dehydrated.

I walk out from around the corner, but the book counter roll-down door is closed. Damn! Maybe I should go over there and knock. I tap timidly on the side of the booth. I know Maxine and Gina Spencer work here. I'm not here to see them, though. 

Luckily, the side door opens a crack, then two tan arms pull me quickly inside. Billy is right in front of me, bare-chested with a little blonde peach fuzz and two dime-size pink nipples. He's wearing blue skinny jeans and Converse sneakers. I gulp - he's in fine shape. What do I say?

"I thought you were going to be a chicken Tyler... bawk-bawk-bawk. You're late!" He drops to his knees, pushing me back against the counter with devious, pouty lips. He's unbuttoning my jeans in a pretty aggressive fashion, tearing my fly open, looking up at me with his blue eyes. My erection is beating along with my heart - maximum blood flow has been achieved. The anticipation of his lips on my rod is truly unbearable "I'll have the lunch buffet, waiter please" he says in his glamorous fashion voice. Yanking my pulsating penis out of my boxers, his mouth engulfs my prick, his slippery lips lubricating it, squeezing it into his mouth until his cute little nose is buried in my fine pubic hair.

Oh my god! The feeling of warmth almost makes me fall backwards. Luckily there's a chair I can grab onto to steady myself. Billy's talented mouth blurs my vision momentarily. My sight returns, his eyes looking up at mine, and he's smiling as my cock-head swells in his lips. My hands wrap tight in his spikey blonde hair, and I instinctively pull his face firmly into my waist as my huge reservoir of sperm starts blasting into his throat, an explosive release that he hungrily gulps down. Holy Christ. This feels so incredibly awesome! I've never been sucked off before and it's better than I imagined. Billy pulls his head back to breathe, thinking that's all, but he's mistaken. Another glob discharges into his face. He quickly accepts me again, and I pump out one more massive ejaculation for him to swallow, which he gladly does. Finally, the deluge turns into a dribble. Some of the stuff has leaked from his lips, onto his sexy chest. Billy drops down to sit sideways on his legs. His hair's all crazy and messed up. He looks very cute right now, sitting at my feet. As for me - my whole body is quivering to the point where I'm not sure if I can remain upright - I'm just completely buzzed out with light-headed euphoria.

"You tricked me Tyler" he says with a fake pout, wiping a dribble of sperm with the back of his hand, "and that's no way to treat a friend."

"I practice all the time bud, twice a day. It has to go somewhere." I say, triumphant in my copious conquest of Billy's throat, "this buffet is supposed to be all-you can-eat, right?"

With a somber newscaster voice, Bill says, "Our dessert bar is the best in town. It's even been said that our extra-thick vanilla milkshakes are to die for." He leans back against a tall stack of thick textbooks. I watch his fingers move up the large bulge along his right thigh. I can see the outline of the glans, and it's swelling in size. Bill is unbuttoning his fly and I salivate as he pulls down his pants a little to reveal a beautiful penis that's bigger than mine. I've been looking forward to giving a blowjob more than receiving one lately. Billy's cock is ratcheting up with each heartbeat as it inflates to size.

"It's hormone free, right?" I innocently ask. He laughs, nods yes and smiles broadly.

Kneeling down, I reach my hand in and firmly grab the base of the Billy's warm beast. It's pretty big. A lot bigger this close. I've fantasized about doing this for a long time. His skin smells of body wash, and I'm literally shaking because this is making me so freakin' hot. I look up at him as tip of my tongue makes first contact to the soft round head of his circumcised cock. "Like this daddy?" I lean forward and put my lips around it. Soft flesh gives way to a thick veiny shaft, and my saliva is just pouring out, coating each delicious inch as Billy's penis pushes into my throat. He nods, and says "Mmmmh hmmm. You've done this before - I can tell. Good little slut." He's running his hands through my hair, massaging my scalp and the back of my neck.

"Tyler, baby, that feels so good, suck it like a little bitch should. You're really dirty, aren't you?" He's starting to breathe quicker. Billy sighs, his big dick sliding in and out now, as I'm getting the hang of it. His fat cockhead stops at the back of my throat, and I gag a little. He slowly pulls it all the way out, the large tip resting on my lower lip. "Relax now baby - I know you can fit more in there. Open up wider for your sundae, little cutie pie. That's right, just suck it like that; in and out, in and out. Good boy." 

I'm desperate to find out what Bill's cum tastes like. Giving is better that getting, in my humble opinion. I'm so excited by this; my dick is getting hard again. I pick up my pace and swallow his cock the best I can...His shaft turns into steel pipe, his muscles tense up all at once; he pulls my hair hard. "Here comes dessert Tyler!"

The pace is all-out: when is it going to happen? Contractions begin. An unexpected gush of watery pre-ejaculatory fluid sprays into my mouth. He's pushing his meat down my throat, hot injections of cum begin to spurt into my mouth. I can't swallow it all, there's just too much; I begin to choke, spitting and gagging. Not as easy as Bill made it seem. I guess it's to be expected though, this being my first time and all. Billy's thick cum tastes strange on my tongue and lips, different than my own. Like fresh cut grass, mixed with bananas. Billy's jizz is combined with amazing amount of saliva I made while accommodating his beautiful cock. I spit out a mouthful.

Billy pulls completely out, then suddenly pushes it all the way down into my throat. Luckily, his penis is getting a bit softer and I can take it all with no gagging. I just let him rock back and forth, slowly deflating, milking the last trickle of his orgasm with my tonsils. He's gently guiding my head, gripping my slippery chin with thumb and index finger until, finally, his hung masterpiece gradually slips from my lips. 

"T-y-y-y-l-er..." he sings, "I thought you said you've never done anything like this. It seems to me that someone has been fibbing." He scolds me in teasing taunt, shaking his finger. I stand up, wipe off with my shirt; he tosses me a school sweater.

"Wow dude - you are the man" I proclaim. I've never done anything like this before..." Billy lets me know that he's not so sure about that. 

"Well Mr. Man, if you're not too busy this Saturday, a bunch of us are having dinner at my sister's house, to celebrate her new job. You should join us Tyler-iffic. You'll have a great time. Booze, candle-wax on the nipples, midget throwing...you know, the usual. He winks, I have no idea if he's serious or not. 

With butterflies in my stomach, I say, "Is that right?" Billy offers to pick me up from my mom's house at eight. "Sure, I'll go."

"Well then Tyler McKenzie. You better be ready."