 The following day, I woke up with a boner and had given it a few loose strokes before I remembered that I didn't need to do that anymore; I had an on-call cocksucker now.

"Can you swing by this morning?" I texted Tyler.

It was a few minutes before he replied, and I wondered if he'd actually been serious about this arrangement, but he finally answered. "Yeah, I have class this morning but can come by after around 10:30?"

"Sounds good."

I played video games for a little while to distract myself, and before long there was a knock on my door. I paused the game to get up and answer. "Horny this morning?" said Tyler, as soon as I'd closed the door behind him.

"Yeah, I woke up with morning wood."

"Damn, being sucked off twice last night wasn't enough for you, huh?"

"Guess not. So you better get to work, cocksucker."

He dropped to his knees right there in the entryway, undid my pants, and had the head of my cock in his mouth in seconds. I groaned and gripped his hair as his tongue caressed it.

"Fuck yeah, bitch. You're my cocksucker, aren't you?" I thrust my cock all the way down his throat, then pulled it all the way out and pushed it back in a few times. He took it easily.

"Fuck yeah, I'm your cocksucker," he said, pulling off for a moment to answer me. "I love this huge fucking cock. I'm here to please this big dick."

I fucked his face for another minute or so, and when I pulled out he was panting for breath. I decided I wanted the blowjob to last for a decent amount of time, and I didn't want to just stand there, so I took his wrist and led him to the couch where he'd already sucked me several times. "Strip," I told him, and we both got naked as fast as our clothes would come off.

"Knees, bitch," I said, plopping down on the couch and grabbing my cock to wave it at him. He obeyed immediately and my cock was back in his mouth in seconds, as if he was optimizing for the minimum amount of time without dick between his lips.

I sighed and stroked his hair and told him what a good cocksucker he was and how good it felt to have him bobbing up and down on my big cock. After a while I lounged back on the couch with my hands behind my head and my legs wrapped around him.

He'd been improving at sucking cock faster than I'd thought possible, and it wasn't long before I was ready to cum. I'd intended to last longer, but what the hell.

"I'm gonna cum in your fucking slutty mouth," I told him.

He took his mouth off me for a moment to ask, "Should I slow down?"

"Nah, don't worry, you can keep sucking after and I'll give you a second load."

He gave me a grin shaded with relief before plunging back down on my cock, sucking furiously and stimulating the head of my cock with his tongue. "Oh, yeah, you're gonna make me cum. Fuck yeah, cocksucker, take my fucking load, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!"

I moaned and thrashed and pushed myself deep down Tyler's throat as I came, and I could feel his throat muscles gripping my cock and milking every drop of cum from it. As I came down, he slowed his sucking and I collapsed back against the couch, my cock still in his mouth. He continued to stimulate it until I finally couldn't take any more.

"Stop, stop stop stop," I said, laughing. "It's too sensitive."

He obeyed, letting my softening cock just rest in his mouth. Even that felt like a lot; I shuddered a few times as its natural movement while softening stimulated it. I left it in his mouth, though; he seemed to need it there so badly that I would have felt bad taking it away.

"Did you like swallowing my load?" I asked.

He nodded.

"Tell me," I said. He started to pull his mouth off to speak, but I reached out and pushed him back down. "No, tell me like a cocksucker."

"Mm lmmmked smmallowmmg mmrr load," he mumbled around my softening cock, causing gentle and pleasant vibrations.

I stroked his hair. "Good bitch. You want me to keep my cock in your mouth?"

"Mmhmm."

"Ask nicely."

"Pmmlease mkeep your cmmmck imm--" he gagged and sputtered a bit "--my mmmth."

"Alright, cocksucker." I slouched back against the couch and let my cock rest there. Fortunately I didn't have to tell Tyler not to stimulate it too much; he knew to be gentle with it.

I laid there enjoying my afterglow for another minute or two before I started to get bored; the afterglow ended but I could tell it was going to be a few more minutes before I got hard again. That was when I realized that the video game I'd been playing earlier was still paused up on the TV and the controller was next to me.

"Wanna suck me while I play a game?" I asked.

Tyler nodded. "Mmhmm."

"You're such a fucking slut," I said, laughing and tousling his hair. I picked up the controller and resumed the game where I'd left off.

After playing for a few minutes, I felt Tyler begin to gently and tentatively suck me once more, causing my soft cock to stir, but I kept playing. "Are you trying to distract me, cocksucker?"

"Mmhmm."

"Naughty. You need some attention?"

"Mmhmmmm."

"Can you handle that attention? I'm going to really stretch that throat out once I'm hard again."

"Mmhmmm."

"Alright, get me hard, then." I kept playing while ignoring the cocksucker working between my legs, and he kept sucking, and I kept getting harder, until the pleasure down there started to become a real distraction. "Fuck, dude, you're gonna get this big dick hard again. I'm gonna slide it all the way down your slutty throat and make you gag on my thick cock."

Finally I was fully hard again -- probably only ten minutes after cumming the first time -- and I paused the game again to grab Tyler's hair and move him up and down on my pole. "Fuck yeah, suck that dick, man," I said, dirty talk flowing effortlessly from my lips now that I was hard again. "You needed that cock so bad you had to suck me while I was playing a game, huh? Pretty embarrassing for you. I'll give you the cock and cum you need, you're just gonna have to work for it this time. I was a little too nice to you earlier, giving you a load with so little work, but now you're gonna make up for it. You good with that?"

He pulled off my cock for a moment to breathe, and gasped, "Yes, sir."

I scooted forward to slap and rub my cock against his face. "You need some more?"

"Yes, please, sir," he said, kissing the underside as it bumped his lips.

"Tell me."

"I need more of your big cock, please, sir."

"Tell me why, slut."

"Because I'm a slut for your big cock, sir. Because this big cock deserves to be serviced and worshipped and to cum as much as it wants."

It was so hot to see him like this -- this handsome muscular stud kneeling naked between my legs, my precum across his red cheeks, eyes wide with cocklust, gasping for breath from having his throat stretched out and begging for more.

I gave him what he wanted, seizing his hair and pulling him -- not that he needed to be pulled -- back onto my cock. "Fuck yeah, fucking service that big dick."

Service it he did, with vigor, for nearly an hour. At a few points I grabbed his head and moved him up and down on it in just the way I wanted, but for the most part I just sat back and luxuriated in the pleasure that this sexy submissive cocksucker was so eager to give. For part of the blowjob I laid back and relaxed every muscle in my body (except the one in Tyler's mouth) and focused purely on the sensation. For another part I played with his blond hair and looked him in his blue eyes and told him exactly how good of a cocksucker he was, how badly he needed my big fat dick, and how big of a load I was going to shoot in his mouth.

And then I shot that load, pushing the head of my cock into his throat, gasping and roaring and trembling and spasming as I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. My cock pulsed and pulsed and pulsed as pleasure overwhelmed me and I felt like I would never stop cumming. It felt like it lasted minutes even though I know it couldn't have.

Feeling my seed coat his throat set Tyler off too, and his smaller cock -- which he'd been edging the whole time -- let loose an explosive orgasm that may have been even bigger than mine, painting his chest and my thighs with his cum.

We both sat back, gasping and panting and covered in sweat and cum.

"That was fun," I said, after we'd both caught our breath.

"Yeah."

Silence for another moment or two, as we both bathed in the afterglow.

"When will you want me to suck you next?"

"I dunno, tomorrow? Maybe even tonight if I get horny again. That work for you?"

"Yes, sir."

I tell you, guys, it's good to have an on-call cocksucker.