 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

Note: This is a completed story that will be posted in seven parts. Later chapters will contain incest.

*

"We're going to spend a few days in the mountains. What about you?"

"We're going down to do some theme parks in Florida. It's lots of fun and we'll probably get some pool time in."

It was the last day of school before spring break. In my first class after lunch, our history teacher had decided to give us the period free to catch up on studying, do homework, or—as most everyone was doing—talk quietly amongst ourselves. I was one of the guys in a group of six in a corner at the front of the room that was an even mix of guys and girls. We were discussing our plans for the upcoming week and I looked forward to hearing what one person in particular had to say.

"I'm going to hang out with my brother, Tim, and his fraternity at the beach," Tyler said to the group with his rumbling, baritone voice.

Tyler, who was a teammate and best friend of my twin brother, Will, was an eighteen year-old senior like everyone else in the class. He was "that guy" around our school: Tyler had developed faster than the rest of us and looked much older than he was even when he had been a freshman. His six feet five inch body was tanned with lean muscle from years of playing soccer. Over the past year or so, he had been letting his hair grow out and the straight, dark brown locks were parted in the center and fell just below his shoulders. Today he had it pulled back in a tight bun at the base of his head which showed off his angular face and neatly manicured beard. His dark hair and tanned skin made his emerald eyes stand out that much more. Even when he had been a sophomore, he had been the campus stud and played the role well. It wasn't much of an exaggeration to say he had fucked every girl in the school twice and was working his way through them a third time. Despite, or maybe because of, his popularity with the girls he never had a steady girlfriend and preferred being single. Even with his flitting from girl to girl he was a fairly nice guy who treated everyone decently and that had helped to make him one of the most popular guys in school.

"Last month," Tyler continued, "I hung out with him over that long weekend and had a blast. We told our parents that he was staying on campus to study and my parents believed him so they're going to let me do it for the week."

"That's cool," Jake, one of his friends who was also a soccer player, said. "Did you get laid?"

"Fuck yeah, I did," Tyler said emphatically and his green eyes lit up. "You wouldn't believe how easy it was."

At that point, I tuned out a bit and began talking with the girls next to me. Though my eyes kept glancing back to Tyler, I didn't care about how much pussy he got. What I did care about was the fact that as he talked with Jake, one of his hands moved to his crotch. At first it was a slight adjustment, but while they continued to talk about sex, he began to subtly massage his growing erection through the soccer shorts he was wearing.

"—and he sucked my dick," Tyler said catching my attention again.

"Wait, what?" Jake said a little too loudly.

The outburst caught the attention of our teacher who issued a stern, "Quiet down, Jake."

"Sorry." To Tyler, Jake asked, "You're kidding, right?"

"Nope." Tyler gave him a smug grin. "We were sitting there with one other guy stroking our meat watching the movie while everyone else slept and out of nowhere he just leaned over and started sucking it."

Jake shook his head. "Damn, man. That's messed up."

"Why?"

"'Cause it was a dude."

Tyler gave his friend a look that clearly conveyed how stupid he thought Jake was being. "So? I mean, it's not like I was the one sucking him off. Yeah, I freaked out at first but I was so horny and he was so good that I got over it quick. And I really didn't mind when I busted my nut down his throat. It was even better when I joined some of the guys running a train on him. It was that good." 

"Wow. Okay, then." Jake pursed his lips in thought. After a beat he asked, "Would you do it again?"

"Fuck yeah," Tyler said immediately. "That was one of the best blow jobs I ever had. You know I like a good pussy, but his ass was nothing to sneeze at. It was weird, though, 'cause he got more pussy than the rest of us that week. I talked to my brother about it later. He said the guy says he's straight but likes dick every once in a while. Apparently a few of his frat brothers are like that. Crazy, right? But the guy knows how to handle a dick so I'm cool with it. I'll definitely be looking for pussy this week but I won't mind throwing him a bone if he wants it."

"They say dudes do it better because they have a dick and know how it feels." Jake's tone was as dispassionate as if he had been reciting a fact from the neglected history book beneath his chair.

"He's the only guy I've been with, but I'd believe it," Tyler said. "The guy might not have been gay but he was good."

Tyler and I were friendly but we weren't exactly friends even though he was close with my brother. While I had never officially come out, I never hid that I was gay and it had never been an issue. I hesitated to chime in on his conversation but I couldn't let that pass. "I feel like that's offensive but I don't know why."

"Come on, dude." Jake turned toward me and gave me a disbelieving look. "You, of all people, are saying guys don't give better head?"

"I have no basis for comparison," I said drily.

"Then maybe you should believe me," Tyler said seriously. "I mean, I've gotten head from lots of girls and that guy."

I countered with, "But just because one guy sucked your dick well doesn't mean all guys are great at it."

"So you're saying you're not good at it?" Jake asked.

I rolled my eyes. "I didn't say that."

"So you are good at it," Tyler tossed back.

I sighed. "I didn't say that, either."

"You didn't say you weren't." Tyler asked Jake, "Did you hear him say he wasn't?"

Jake shook his head. "I didn't."

Tyler turned back to me. "So either you are good at it or you aren't. Which is it?"

I pursed my lips in frustration and exhaled a deep breath through my nose. "I'm not answering that."

Tyler hadn't stopped playing with his dick and made a show of grabbing his covered erection at the base. It was pressed into high relief in the loose fabric of his shorts and he waved it for emphasis. A corner of his mouth turned up in a sly smile as he said, "If you come over here and suck my dick, I could answer for you."

As the rest of the group laughed, earning another warning from our teacher, I glared at Tyler, unamused. "I'm not doing that."

When he next spoke, his voice was velvety smooth and I could easily picture him in his car with a girl trying to convince her to do the same thing. "Come on. You know you want to."

"No, I don't." Even to my ears it didn't sound convincing.

Unfortunately, Jake picked up on that and said, "I think he does."

"He does," Tyler said confidently, still using his sultry voice. "It's okay, dude. I don't mind. I mean, what gay guy wouldn't want to suck this?"

Everything in the room faded from my consciousness as Tyler lowered the waistband of his shorts and revealed his dick. Thicker than I expected, it looked like it was every bit of the ten and a half inches it was rumored to be, possibly more. It curved back toward him slightly and had an even thicker helmet topping it. On the underside that was facing me, there were a few raised veins that meandered along the otherwise smooth length. The surface was a pale pink, untanned and a few shades lighter than the rest of his bronze skin.

"Don't worry about it," Tyler continued. His voice was the only thing I could hear. "No one's going to care if you suck my dick. It's what gay guys do. We can call this research. I just want to see how good you are at it."

Despite my better judgement, I took a breath and stood to walk over to Tyler.

"Where are you going, Walter?"

I had forgotten our teacher and stopped like a deer caught in headlights.

"We're just switching seats," Jake said quickly as he stood and moved to take the seat I had vacated.

I took the now empty seat next to Tyler. As I sat, I began to come to my senses and realized this was not a good idea. "I'm not sucking your dick in class, Tyler."

"Yeah, you are," he said confidently as he turned in his chair toward me. He spread his legs and grabbed his dick by the base. His smug smirk returned as he said, "You came over here for a reason. Besides, you'll kick yourself if you don't."

While I had jerked off many times in the privacy of my room thinking about Tyler, this was not how I had ever imagined sucking him off. With butterflies in my stomach, I leaned toward him and half expected him to push me away and embarrass me by claiming it to be a joke. Instead, I felt him place an open palm on the back of my head to guide me onto his dick.

"He's actually doing it," I heard Jake say as the crown passed my lips. "Unfuckingbelievable."

The sentiment was echoed by the other students around us but it didn't matter.

I had Tyler's dick in my mouth.

The hottest guy in school was letting me suck his dick.

He pushed me down until the tip of his dick touched the top of my throat. Because of my angle of attack and the curve of his dick, there were still more than a few inches outside of my mouth but it was enough for him.

"That's it, Walt," Tyler said breathlessly. He released the pressure on my head allowing me to pull back but didn't move his large hand. It was a heavy counterweight that kept my emerging rhythm steady. "Suck my dick."

"Seriously?" Jake whispered in disbelief. "You're doing this? Here?"

I looked up and saw Tyler give Jake the same smug look I had received. "Hadn't really planned on it, but yeah, why not? He's obviously willing."

"But you're in the middle of class."

With my mouth still moving up and down Tyler's length, I looked around and could see not just the others in our group but much of the class staring or trying not to stare at what I was doing. My sense of modesty suddenly reasserted itself along with a healthy amount of embarrassment and I began to pull off.

In contrast to Tyler's large body, I was five feet seven inches tall with a corresponding smaller frame that was covered in softness from a mix of not having completely shed my baby fat and lack of desire to do any meaningful exercise. I wasn't overweight, I simply wasn't toned and had no desire to make it happen. My blonde hair was short on the sides with longer spikes on top of my round face. Making up the rest of my features were a pair of brown eyes, a small upturned nose, and a pair of full lips all of which made me look younger than my own eighteen years. Even with just his hand on my head, I was no match for Tyler.

"No. Keep going," Tyler said as he applied more pressure to my head. His voice had returned to being smooth with me but it now had a dominant edge. "You're doing good, Walt. Don't stop now."

"What if Mr. Higgs sees you?" Jake asked with a mix of worry and frustration in his tone.

It was a valid concern since Tyler and I were seated in the front row. Tyler's back was to the teacher and I was hidden from view by Tyler's larger body and the desk. Hopefully.

Tyler looked back over his shoulder toward the teacher then shrugged. "Look at him. He's reading his book. He's not going to look up from that thing until the bell rings unless there's too much noise."

Jake shrugged then shook his head in defeat. "Dude."

With the conversation over and settled, Tyler slid down in his seat a little further causing his legs to spread wider. He placed his other arm on the desk and breathed a relaxed, content sigh.

I also began to relax and took my time working Tyler's dick. It was clean but had the slightly musky flavor that could only come from a dick. Initially, there also was the slight taste of urine leftover from a recent trip to the restroom. When his precum began to flow, I was surprised by how sweet it was. There was a hint of bitterness in it but it only served to make the sugary taste more prominent. His natural, musky teen body odor mixed nicely with the lingering scents of his soap and deodorant. I was experiencing the essence of everything Tyler in that moment and I was loving it.

I don't know how long I had been at it when Tyler began to gently move his hips in an unfocused manner. When I looked up at him, his eyes were wide and mouth open in unrestrained pleasure. Our eyes locked and I was unable to look away as he increased the pressure on my head with his hand and his hips gradually began to move with purpose thrusting his cock in counterpoint to my bobbing. There was a determination behind the action and I could tell he was getting close.

When Tyler spoke, his voice was soft but tense as he approached release. "You know you gotta swallow, right?"

I nodded as best I could without breaking our rhythm.

Tyler began to knead my hair as he said, "Fuck. I'm about to shoot." He gave one more thrust then stopped with his cock halfway toward the back of my throat as it swelled and the first thick shot of cum entered my mouth.

Even though he had warned me, I was not prepared for his load. Mid-breath, I gagged softly but quickly recovered. My eyes teared slightly in response as I saw him toss his head back and groan openly when his orgasm hit.

Mr. Higgs's voice was concerned as he asked, "Everything okay, Tyler?"

"Yeah," Tyler said tightly as his cock continued to pump ball juice into my mouth. "I just...funny bone... Oh, man. Sorry."

I was worried that our teacher might come over to check on us but I still didn't attempt to or want to pull off Tyler's dick as I sucked down his load. Swallowing quickly, I was a bit disappointed that I could only experience the bitter aftertaste of his load.

"Fuck," Jake said not hiding his awe. "You guys have got some balls."

Tyler lowered his head and tried to focus his blissed out face on his friend. "And they're just about empty now."

I felt a bit of sadness realizing the truth of the statement. After a number of strong bursts, his cock had mostly calmed. It still gave an occasional random twitch in my mouth but his load was now just seeping out of him in a steady trickle. I continued to suckle him and kept his cock in my mouth until it began to soften. After ensuring that it was suitably clean, I released it and sat up with no resistance from him. Though I felt some embarrassment, I tried to not let it show on my face as I met the disbelieving looks of my classmates. I had just sucked Tyler's dick and nothing was going to ruin that moment.

"I can't believe that just happened," Jake said.

"Honestly, neither can I," Tyler said as he raised his waistband, tucking his still shrinking dick away. "But it was nice."

Trying to sound as confident as Tyler had, I asked, "So it was good?"

"It was okay."

I was about to respond when Jake approached to retake his seat. After moving out of the way, he and Tyler started talking about a game or something equally normal as if I hadn't just given Tyler a blow job in the middle of class and swallowed his cum. I, on the other hand, sat in my original seat trying to seem unbothered by the pointed way I was ignored by the girls next to me. I could even feel the looks and stares of my other classmates and was sure I didn't imagine the whispered conversations about me.

When the bell rang and Mr. Higgs dismissed us I tried to hang back in order to be the last out of the room in order to avoid the judgement of my classmates. As I slowly gathered my books then walked to the door, I got a wide assortment of looks from them during the short journey. Just before I exited the room Tyler walked up behind me.

"That was fucking great," he whispered. "Hope you don't mind doing it again sometime."

I wasn't able to respond because he kept moving passed me as if he hadn't spoken to me.