 Once we were in the shower, I "helped" Tyler clean the cum off his upper body as an excuse to run my hands all over his beautifully toned torso, and he "helped" me clean the cum off my legs as an excuse to play with my big soft cock. Before long we finished cleaning and started simply making out beneath the showerhead, my fingers digging into his muscular back and cupping his firm ass.

After a minute we broke our kiss, but his hand stayed between my legs. "You didn't get enough playtime with that dick earlier?" I asked.

To my surprise, he blushed a little and pulled away. Maybe cumming had made him modest.

"Hey, I didn't say you had to stop," I said, and he let me take his hand and guide it back where it had just been. "You like my soft cock too, huh?"

"Mm-hmm."

"Tell me."

He looked at me like he wasn't sure if I was serious. I looked him in the eyes and smirked back at him.

"Tell me," I said again.

He gave me a wry smile and said, "I like your big soft cock."

We made out again for a bit, rubbing our soft dicks together. He was a hell of a kisser, which I supposed made sense, given how good he was with his mouth at other activities. I continued my exploration of his back and ass, giving his ass a little smack, which he didn't seem to object to or even be startled by. To my surprise, I started to feel the beginnings of another erection, despite having just cum twice in an hour.

"You better be careful or you're gonna end up playing with my big hard cock again," I told Tyler.

"Is that a problem?"

"Well, it is if you're not prepared to take care of it."

"Ugh, maybe I better stop then. I feel like my throat is already going to be sore tomorrow." He didn't move his hand, though.

We made out for a few more minutes, and I felt myself starting to get hard. "Tyler," I said, touching his hand as a warning.

"Fuck, okay, I'll stop," he said, laughing and pulling away. We got out of the shower and started toweling off, and when we were mostly dry I led the way back to the living room where we'd left our clothes. Tyler pulled his underwear and pants back on while I dried my curly hair and face.

When I opened my eyes again, Tyler had stopped getting dressed and was closely watching my crotch with a now-familiar look on his face. I pivoted my hips back and forth a little to make my semi-hard cock swing for him, then grabbed it with my fingers and helicoptered it around in a circle. Maybe that was a little cruel of me, because I should have known he wouldn't be able to resist. A few seconds of that and he was back on his knees in front of me, without bothering to take his pants off.

Twenty minutes later I was once again groaning and telling him what a good slutty little cocksucker he was as I shot a third load down his throat and made him swallow every drop.

"Well, I wasn't intending to do that again, but oh well," he said after I'd finished.

I helped him up. "Sorry to take advantage of you again."

"No, you're fine, dude."

We kissed and looked at one another.

"You good with everything that happened here?" I asked.

"Yeah, I think so. You?"

"Yeah, of course. Maybe we can make this a regular thing?"

"I'd like that."

"Cool."

---

I didn't hear from Tyler the next day, and truth be told, I wasn't that horny anyway after being sucked to completion three times the day before. The day after that, though, I was studying at the library near a cute guy who looked a decent amount like Tyler, and that afternoon I decided to text him and see what he was up to.

It was a few hours before he responded, and he told me he wasn't doing anything and asked what I was up to. Without actually saying anything about him sucking my cock, we agreed that he'd come over and hang out again that night.

He showed up at my apartment wearing a button-down with rolled-up sleeves that flattered his biceps. "Hey, man, how are you?"

He came in and there was an awkward moment as I expected to kiss and he expected to hug, and we ended up doing a one-armed hug and clasping hands inside.

"Uh, you want a beer?" I asked.

"Actually, I was wondering if you smoked weed? I brought some."

"Sure, I'm not gonna turn that down. I can get my pipe and lighter."

"Nah, I brought all that stuff, don't worry. Where should we go?"

"There's an alley behind the building. Come on, I'll show you."

I led him down the stairs and on the way we made small talk about classes and what we'd been up to. Out in the dark and empty alleyway, Tyler loaded up the pipe for us and took a sizeable hit before passing it to me. It felt like decent-quality weed, and the smoke made my lungs burn pleasantly as I took a drag and passed it back.

"Good shit, right?" he said.

"Yeah, it is. I can already feel it a little."

We each took another hit.

"I'm glad it turned out that you smoke. I only decided to bring this at the last minute when I was heading out."

"Yeah, sometimes. I don't do it that much. I tend to get horny when I do, though."

"Like right now?"

"Sure, I was already horny. It's not like I don't know what you're here for."

He gave me a lopsided smile. "Yeah? What am I here for?" he asked, his voice dropping to a low volume.

"This," I said, taking his hand and placing it against the soft bulge in my jeans.

"Fuck, dude, if someone comes -"

"Relax, nobody comes out here. And here, I'll turn like this, so I'm facing away from the entryway, so if anyone comes they'll just see me facing you. Anyway, I know you wanted a feel."

He still looked nervous, but he didn't move his hand.

"Is there anything left in the pipe?" I asked, as he was holding it in his other hand.

"Yeah," he said, moving his hand to pass it to me.

"Actually, hold it for a sec," I said, as I'd just had a fun idea. I unbuttoned my fly and unzipped it partway, then took Tyler's hand again and moved it into my underwear. "Now give me that. Fuck yeah, play with my big soft dick while I smoke." I took another hit and closed my eyes for a moment as I luxuriated in the feeling.

"That feel good?" Tyler asked.

"Fuck yeah. Oh, shit, you want another? Here you go." I passed it back to him, and he started to pull his hand out of my pants. "No, don't move your hand. Here, hold it with your other and I'll light it for you."

He did so, fingers continuing to play with my dick, and I started to get hard.

I leaned in to mutter in his ear as he breathed it in and held it. "Fuck yeah, smoke that weed while you get my big cock nice and hard for you to suck. That pot is making you feel good but my dick is gonna make you feel even better. I know how bad you need it, bro, I'm gonna fucking-"

I cut off as I heard the sound of footsteps coming up nearby. Tyler breathed out the cloud of pot smoke and shoved the pipe into his pocket while pulling his hand out of my pants, and I scrambled to zip my fly back up.

A hand clapped me on the shoulder. "Ryan? Hey man, what's up?"

"Hey, man!" I said with what I hoped was successfully feigned enthusiasm. "Uh, Jack, this is my friend Tyler. Tyler, this is my downstairs neighbor Jack."

Tyler used the hand that had just been on my cock to shake Jack's hand. "Hey, nice to meet you."

"Yeah, you too. You guys having fun out here?"

"Uh-"

"You guys reek of pot," he said, laughing. "Wouldn't mind some myself, actually."

"Sorry, I think we just finished the last of it."

"Ah, no worries. I was just coming back from the gym so it's probably bad for me anyway. I'll leave you guys alone." He swiped his keychain to unlock the building's back door.

"Alright, later, man."

"Oh, and Ryan, buddy, your fly's unbuttoned."

I looked down, pretending to have just noticed. "Oh, damn, I'm just too high," I said, laughing and buttoning it.

He laughed. "Don't eat too many potato chips. Nice meeting you, Tyler. Later!" The door closed behind him.

"Well, that was a little close," said Tyler. "I thought you said nobody comes back here."

"Sorry. Usually nobody does, honest."

"I just don't want people finding me with my hand in another guy's pants in an alleyway, you know."

"Yeah. It was kinda hot, though, having you play with it while I smoked."

"I guess I liked it too, honestly. Just a bit of a close call."

"Well, how about we go inside and I make it up to you?"

And before long I was lounging on the couch with my hands behind my head, and Tyler was once again nude and kneeling between my legs.

"Oh my god, yeah, fucking suck that big cock. Yeah, you're such a good slut, you need this big dick in your sexy mouth and this thick load down your throat. Yeah, keep sucking it for me. Work the head with your tongue - yeah, just like that. Good boy. Gooood boy. Alright, now let me use that throat, up and down like this..."

I kept up a steady stream of encouragement for my cocksucker. Being high made being sucked feel even better, like I was harder than it was possible to be, like I was floating and the blowjob was happening outside of time, like I'd been receiving head for hours and would keep feeling Tyler's vigorous tongue and talented lips and obedient throat for hours more. It was like every nerve in my body was concentrated in my cock and this magical cocksucker was here to make my whole body tremble with orgasm.

As I focused on the sensation I suddenly realized I was getting too close to cumming, and pulled my cock out just in time. From his kneeling position, Tyler gazed up at me with his eyes wide and his jaw slack, still fixated on my cock. I flexed my pelvic muscles to make it bounce against his face and he suddenly started giggling.

"What?" I asked him, but he didn't say anything. I bounced it against his face a few more times, leaving bits of pre-cum on him, and he giggled even harder with each hit.

"What?" I asked again.

"It's just so big," he gasped between giggles, and for some reason that set me off laughing too as I continued to smack his face with my hard cock and we both giggled hysterically.

After a minute or two of that pot-induced laughing we both calmed down, I slid my cock back into Tyler's mouth, and he resumed sucking me like nothing had happened. A few minutes of that and he'd gotten me close to orgasm once again.

"Ohh, my god, you good little slut," I said, digging my fingers into his hair and moving his head up and down forcefully. "You're gonna make my big cock cum. You're gonna make this big fat cock shoot a load down your tight throat. Take my load, cocksucker, fuck, fuck, fuck!"

In the time dilation caused by the weed, my orgasm felt like it took minutes, although I knew it was really only a few seconds. Tyler's mouth seemed to tighten around my cock, and I wrapped my legs around his torso and shivered and gasped and moaned and pulled his hair as his needy throat milked a thick load out of my cock.

"Holy shit," I groaned, collapsing back against the couch. Tyler, still kneeling and hard, moved forward to let my softening dick rest against his face. "Was that good for you?" I asked.

"Yeah. I feel like I got high on your big cock."

That made me start giggling again for some reason, which made him start giggling again as the heaving of my body made my floppy cock bounce and wiggle against his face.

The movement prompted him to start trailing butterfly kisses up and down my soft dick and around my balls while slowly stroking himself. It wasn't enough to make me cum yet, having just shot my load, but it felt amazing and I loved his passion for servicing me.

"You're such a good boy," I said, playing with his hair. "Do you need to cum?"

"I don't really want to cum yet. I want to focus on you. Is that ok?"

"Fine by me."

He continued to caress my dick for a few minutes, but I didn't feel like I was going to get hard again right away, so I had him come up and join me on the couch and turned on a TV show. We watched in silence for a bit.

"So, do you like being serviced a lot?" he said, suddenly.

"You've taken four of my loads and you're not sure whether I like it yet?"

He laughed. "I just mean like, are you good with having the focus just on you during sex?"

"Yeah, I don't mind that, as long as you don't. I know some guys don't really care that much about getting off themselves."

"Well, usually I do. I mean, with girls and stuff. This is different for me."

"That's interesting."

"Yeah, it's weird. I guess I just like the feeling of servicing another cock. It's really different. Feels weird but good."

"Honestly, I admire the fact that you're so comfortable with it after not having done it that much."

"Well, I was like this with my friend in high school, after having done it a couple times. And we did do it a lot."

"Oh, yeah? Just sucking him off and nothing else?"

"Yeah, that was all either of us wanted. It was weird, like I just wasn't that interested in my own orgasm while I was doing that." He was hard again from talking about all this, but made no move to touch his cock.

"What made you feel like that? I'm just curious because I love cumming, I can't imagine having sex and not wanting to."

"Heh, I've noticed. I don't know, maybe it's just how I am with guys." He paused, then added, "I guess it's also maybe because he was bigger than me, and you're bigger than me."

"You're definitely taller than me."

"God, you know what I mean."

I did, but I liked teasing him. "Bigger how? What's bigger?"

He punched me on the arm. "Jesus, fuck you, man. Fine, you have a bigger cock than me."

"Sorry, I wasn't trying to be an asshole, I was just teasing because I thought you liked it."

"No, I kind of do. It's just kind of embarrassing to like it too."

"Nothing to be embarrassed about, we're both naked here."

"Yeah, I guess you're right. I'm not embarrassed about my size or anything either, it's just hot that you're so much bigger."

"Honestly, whatever keeps that talented mouth on my cock."

He laughed. "Hey, is that something you would want... like, regularly?"

"Getting my cock sucked?"

"I mean - for the last couple weeks before we went off to college, my friend and I had an arrangement where I was, like, his on-call cocksucker."

"Oh really? I've fantasized about that but never really had it."

"He would just text me and I'd have to come suck him off as soon as I could."

I was getting hard again just hearing this. "That sounds really hot."

He grinned at me. "You wanna try it? I live close enough to you to make it work. Whenever you'd normally jerk off, I can just come suck you instead."

"Fuck yeah, let's do it." I grabbed my cock and waved it back and forth at him. "You can start your service now."

The words were barely out of my mouth before he was back on his knees with his lips and tongue caressing my cock. Hell yes, I was going to enjoy having this cocksucker at my beck and call.