 I was sitting in the laundry room when a youth black teenaged boy entered carrying a heavy laundry basket and proceeded to stuff the clothes into one of the washing machines. I gave him a polite little nod, which returned. I recognized him from casual passes in the halls. He lived with a woman I assumed to be his grandmother and had the distinction of being a religious nut. I had heard her preaching to some unfortunate who happened to find themselves cornered. I made a conscious effort to avoid her but one afternoon I found myself trapped on the elevator and the focus of her bible thumping. I learned never to feed that fire and merely smiled and nodded politely as if her words were actually making an impact. The idea of disclosing my atheistic ideology was never an option and would serve only to spur a deeper level of preaching to save my "godless soul". Her grandson looked positively embarrassed and offered quick sympathetic glimpses. As my floor arrived I was handed a pamphlet to continue on my road for eternal salvation which politely accepted but promptly tossed into the trash upon entering my apartment. From that moment I'd assume take the stairs than be subjected to that religious pummeling again.

The young man took a seat on top of one of the broken washing machines. I was absorbed in my book, an annual rereading of Nietzsche's Thus Spoke Zarathustra but I quick glimpse up and I noticed that the young man's cock was partially hanging out of his cut off shorts. He seemed to open his legs a bit wider so that at least half his cock was exposed. This was no accident nor was he unconscious of his action.

"Haven't I seen you at Abbot's Park?" he asked.

Abbot's Park was a local gay cruising location where men wandered the thickly wooded area as if it were a Garden of Eden. On restless nights I have wandered down there for a quick hook up but cannot recall ever seeing him amongst the horny wanderers.

"My name is Ty," he said.

"I'm James," I said.

"I have seen you at the park. You were getting sucked off by an Asian guy," said Ty.

The encounter returned in a sudden flash. Hiro was a Japanese student from a nearby college. We met a few times after this initial encounter but it never went beyond oral sex. He claimed to find anal sex more hurtful than pleasurable. We saw less and less of one another as he attributed it to his accumulating school work. I accepted the excuse. I told Ty all of this.

I noticed now that Ty's prick was getting harder. He was uncircumcised and the tip was slightly damp with precum. He was smiling over at me. I can only assume that his grandmother is ignorant of his behavior and his awareness of Abbot's Park.

"I like getting fucked," he said after a brief silence. As his erection progressed he had to shift his position and adjust his shorts. He stroked it with affection and smiled over at me.

I set aside my book and approached him, taking his stiff cock in my hand and squeezed it firmly which provokes a deep sigh.

"How long has it been since you've been fucked?" I asked Ty as our faces were now very close.

"Too long," he responds.

We take our activity to a supply closet that would offer a little privacy. It was small and cluttered but we made due. I stripped off Ty's shorts as he simultaneously opened my pants and extracted my cock, stroking it with a slow leisurely motion of his hand. He spat into his hand and rubbed it over my cock.

I lifted him onto a stack of boxes, holding him steady and lifting his legs. He continued to hold my cock, positioning it towards his anxious asshole, but delayed the actual penetration, savoring the moment but rubbing the tip over his shphinter muscles, allowing it finally to enter. He was delightfully tight and my cock was lovingly gripped and massaged. 

I was in no immediate hurry to rush towards the conclusion and inched my cock gradually up deeper Ty's rectum. The young man was beaming an appreciative grin. I was also simultaneously stroking his impressive cock, squeezing his hot and virtually hairless balls until I could feel them begin to tighten. A few seconds after I finally ejaculated, Ty discharged over his own bare and hairless chest. He had rolled up his t-shirt so that there'd be no telltale sign of his activity and arouse the curiousity of his grandmother.

I waited to finally withdraw my cock from Ty's ass. We were both panting breathlessly, clinging to one another. I kissed his perspired face and neck. Fortunately no one made use of the laundry room this entire time and happened to stumble upon the two of us in mid fucking. We did keep our ears open and paused momentarily at the slightest sound and quickly resumed when we felt our secret was safe.

"Are your legs all right?" I asked Ty since he had maintained his position for a considerable length of time. I began to affectionately rub them.

"I'm okay,' he said, returning my kisses.

This was how our secret affair began. I would subsequently learn that he enjoyed dressing up in women's clothes. As a upcoming birthday surprise I bought him an entire selection of bra, panties, dresses, socks, etc. He could help weeping as he opened his packages and rushed into the bathroom to put them on and proudly model them for me. His first choice was a Catholic schoolgirl outfit with a plaid skirt, white blouse, and white knee-high socks. He emerged from the bathroom as if floating on a cloud, spinning so that I could just see his panties which strained to contain his cock and balls which were engorged with excitement. I was overwhelmed by the sight and fucked him while he was still partially dressed. I pounded his sweet ass until we both came, Ty filling his panties with hot come. 

I had never devoted such attention to any lover previous to meeting Ty. I was in fact falling deeply in love with this young man but whom still lived under the oppressive thumb of his grandmother. He was caught between these two worlds now as I offered all the freedom he desired which now included make up. We play acted that I was a husband coming home to his loving wife. Ty played it with the utmost seriousness and allowed some deeply buried feminine characteristics to rise to the surface, but this would also sadden him when he had to redress himself when going back to his grandmother's apartment. 

"I had a lovely dream we were married and so very happy," Ty said one afternoon as we lay together after sex and our damp bodies dried.

"It can happen, Ty," I whispered as he began to softly weep.

"She'll never let me get away. I can't live with her. She's insane with religion. I hate it. I go through the motions for her sake but I really do hate it."

I would never foist my own philosophy upon anyone and become the kind of cultural bully that some religious types become but once Ty revealed this aspect to him I would read to him from Nietzsche, Camus, Sartre, Darwin, and others who have found answers beyond superstition. Hopefully we will find a mutual liberation together. For the moment we were both very happy and enjoyed whatever time we could spend together and not arouse his grandmother's suspicion. I too dreamed of being with him, living in my apartment, coming home to find him waiting for me when I step through the door. He turns and radiates with a welcoming smile.