 I didn't bother putting my clothes back on when I got up to fetch two more beers from the fridge. It took me a minute to figure out what I'd done with the bottle opener, and by the time I got back to the couch Tyler's cock had mostly gone soft, although he hadn't put his clothes back on either.

I passed him one of the bottles and raised mine in a toast. "Here's to satisfying our needs."

He grinned and clinked them together. "Cheers."

We drank in silence for a few moments.

"So, that wasn't your first time doing that, was it?" I asked.

"Yeah, I've done that a few times, but it was a while ago. In my senior year of high school I used to suck my friend off after practice sometimes."

"How'd that happen?"

"He caught me checking him out in the shower. Then we were at a party together, and we were both drunk, and he brought it up, and one thing led to another."

"Come on, you can't just say that, tell me what happened."

"Well, we were talking about girls we thought were hot, and he used that as a lead up to tell me he'd seen me looking." He paused and took another sip of beer. "And I was drunk enough to fess up to it, and then he asked if I wanted to see it again, so we ended up out back in the woods with me on my knees."

"That's hot. Sounds a little familiar."

Tyler laughed and blushed. "Yeah, I guess I can't refuse getting a good look at a nice cock. He wasn't as big as you, though. I mean, he was big soft which is why I was looking, and he was pretty big hard, but you're definitely bigger."

I was already starting to get hard again from hearing him say that. "I guess that explains your talents at sucking, though."

"Should I have said it was my first time? You corrupted the innocent straight boy?"

"No, it's fine, of course," I said. "I was just curious because I was going to tell you you're a natural otherwise."

"What am I instead, then?"

"A slut, I guess." We both laughed and I grabbed his free hand and rubbed it against my soft cock.

"Two cocks makes me a slut?"

"Well, it's more a state of mind than anything."

"What's my state of mind?"

"Well, it seemed like you just fell naturally into the role of servicing me once you got between my legs, right? You wanted to lick and suck and service my big cock and make it feel good. You wanted to be my obedient cocksucker. Am I wrong?"

He met my gaze and said nothing, taking another large swig of beer.

I kept going, since I was pretty sure I knew what he wanted. "And once you'd gotten your mouth on my cock, you couldn't let it go without sucking a nice creamy load out of it, right? You were hard as a rock when I shot a big load down your throat and made you swallow it. And you're hard now, too." I wasn't lying; I'd been watching his cock grow from its semi-hard state to a full erection as we talked. "You're rock hard from hearing me tell you what a good cocksucker you are. Maybe you're not a slut for most people, but I'd say you're a slut for my big cock, aren't you?"

He said nothing. His breath trembled a little and I could see his muscles tense, but his hard cock pulsed and his eyes were almost twinkling.

"Am I right? Answer me."

"Yeah," he said quietly.

"Yeah, what?"

"I'm a slut."

"You're a slut for what?"

Still quietly: "I'm a slut for your big cock."

"I can't hear you."

A little louder: "I'm a slut for your big cock."

"Louder!"

"I'm a slut for your big cock!"

"Then get on your knees for it."

He put his half-finished beer down and got right back into the position he'd been in just ten minutes ago, bracing himself with his hands on my legs. I was mostly hard again by this point, but I decided my cocksucker could get me the rest of the way there. "Kiss my dick and balls. Show me how much you want this cock to get hard again."

He obeyed, showering little butterfly kisses up and down my semi-hard cock, then over my heavy, low-hanging balls, then back up and down the shaft some more until it was hard again and leaking precum. He moved his lips up to take the whole thing in his mouth again, but I grabbed it with my hand and yanked it away, deciding it would be fun to tease him some more.

"You want to suck this cock?"

He looked up at me and nodded.

I slapped the bottom of the shaft against his lips a few times. "Ask me and I might let you."

"Can I suck your cock?"

I dragged it across his face, leaving a glistening trail of precum. "Ask nicely, cocksucker."

His hands trembled a little against my thighs and he took a deep breath before looking me in the eyes and responding. "Can I please suck your big cock, sir?"

I hadn't been called "sir" in a sexual situation before, and it turned me on more than I expected. "Yes, slut, you can," I said, grabbing his hair and guiding him onto my cock. His lips wrapped around it eagerly and he began to suck.

"Remember, nice and slow this time," I said. He nodded, my cock still in his mouth. I let go of him to put my hands behind my head, lie back, and revel in the feeling of Tyler's lips and tongue working my cock.

For a good while I just laid back like that and let him suck. He seemed to understand intuitively how I wanted my cock sucked, and I kept up a steady stream of verbal encouragement, telling him how well he was sucking me and what a good little cocksucker he was. When I wasn't talking dirty to him I continued to work on my beer. Blowjobs and beer are two of the greatest pleasures the world has to offer, and combined they are even better than they are individually.

After maybe 15 minutes, I'd finished my beer. Tyler was continuing to work the head and the first five inches or so of the shaft, but I decided I wanted more. "I want you to try and throat me," I said.

He pulled his mouth off of me to say, "I'd like to but I dunno if I can."

"Don't worry, I'm a good teacher," I said, grinning down at him. Last year I'd trained an inexperienced freshman I'd hooked up with a few times to take my whole dick into his throat - a skill I'm sure his new boyfriend appreciated - and he'd had way less of an instinct for it than Tyler. Then again, I bet plenty of girls had sucked this stud's cock in his time, so maybe that was how he knew what would feel good.

"Alright, teach me," said Tyler, and took me back into his mouth.

We started with the first five inches or so in his mouth, the part he could take without it really going into his throat, and I had him play with my balls while he got used to the feeling of it staying there.

"You feel that, cocksucker? That's how your mouth should be, full of my big dick."

"Mmhmm," he agreed around my cock.

I guided his head down a bit deeper, using only a little pressure so he could pull off if he needed to. He didn't; he gagged slightly as my cockhead pushed his gag reflex but kept breathing through his nose.

"Yeah, there you go. Just like that, don't think about it too much, just breathe slow and focus on getting those lips a little further down my dick. Think about how good you're making my big dick feel, how you're gonna bury your nose in my crotch."

Tyler closed his eyes and slowly, slowly worked his way down, and I could feel myself sliding into his throat. It was tight as hell, but it felt so good - physically, to feel that warmth and heat and tightness, and mentally, to be the first guy claiming this throat.

"Good boy, you're doing it. That's right, take this big cock." I couldn't help but push a little harder on his head, and maybe I pushed a little too hard because he gagged and spluttered and had to pull off.

When he recovered he asked how far down he'd gotten, and I told him he'd made it probably six inches or so. "Enough to take an ordinary dick, then," he said.

I chuckled. "Yeah, but is that what you want?"

"Nope."

I bounced my cock against his lips. "What do you want?"

"Your huge cock, sir."

It sure hadn't taken him long to realize I liked hearing that. I guess I hadn't been very subtle about it. "That's a good bitch," I said, guiding him back onto it.

A few more minutes of hard work - from Tyler, I mean, I was just sitting there enjoying it - and another inch or so made it into his throat. The lack of movement meant that it wasn't providing a ton of stimulation, but I was still rock hard at how hot it was to see him submit to me. I kept telling him what a good cocksucker he was, but he finally had to pull off again, having taken seven inches this time.

"You almost got there that time, man, I think you can do it."

"Yeah? I don't know, it was rough," he said, still gasping a bit.

"Dude, you're such a natural cocksucker. You got almost all the way. I can't believe you haven't been using a throat like this for so long."

His eyes twinkled. "Well, if you keep telling me that, I'll keep trying."

And he got back to work, bracing his hands against my legs as he took me into his throat again, much more easily now that he'd been opened up. He took it back down to where he'd been before, then paused and looked up at me for encouragement. I decided to abide.

"You like having this big cock stretch your throat, don't you, slut? Yeah, you know where you belong, on your knees servicing me. You make this cock feel good, but you want it to feel even better, don't you?"

He nodded, a tiny motion, almost imperceptible.

"I need you to take the rest into your throat for me. Take my whole big cock down your throat. Swallow this fucking dick, man. Be my little cockslut and take - oh fuck, fuck yeah!" Without warning he'd just opened up somehow and took the last inch and a half. His lips met my groin as his throat took all eight and a half inches of my cock.

I'd talked a big game about teaching Tyler in order to encourage him, but I hadn't actually expected him to do it so quickly; not that many guys had managed to take me all the way and they all had either been experienced cocksuckers or spent a lot of time trying. Somehow this guy had done it in a couple minutes.

As I marveled, he started to bob up and down, and I groaned as his velvet throat slowly worked my cock. Somehow the most naturally talented cocksucker I'd ever met had fallen right into my lap - or rather, between my legs.

"God, yes, you took that whole fucking dick," I told him. "Suck it for me, take that fucking cock, oh my god. You're such a good fucking slut."

Once he'd been doing it for a few minutes it was like he'd been throating big cocks for years. Every minute or so he would start to gag a little - which honestly made me even a little bit harder, and made me drip even more precum down his throat. He'd pull off, take a few deep breaths, and wipe his eyes while I stroked his hair and told him what a good cocksucker he was. And then my cock was right back in his throat, where it was starting to feel like it belonged.

"Can you go all the way up and down on it?" I asked him.

He didn't even respond, he just started doing it.

"Oh - oh my god. Holy shit, dude, you're getting me close."

"Mm-hmm?"

"Fuck yeah, dude. You want me to cum? You ready for my load in this slutty mouth?"

He started stroking himself again so quickly that his hand was like a blur. "Mm-hmm!"

I grabbed his hair and started moving him a little faster, eliciting another moan from him. "You need another load, huh? Another big thick load down this slutty throat? Is that right, cocksucker? Fuck yeah, I'm gonna give it to you, I'm gonna make you swallow every drop. Take that big dick in your throat! Fuck, I'm cumming, fuuuck!"

I groaned as my orgasm ripped through me, even more intense than the first, and I felt myself shoot another load down Tyler's throat, his mouth insistently sucking rope after rope out of me. And then, just as my orgasm finished, Tyler came from jerking off with my cock still in his mouth. His smallish dick shot the biggest load I'd seen in my life, probably twice the size of mine, and it just kept coming for probably ten seconds, firing a dozen ropes of cum several feet in the air that splattered the floor and my thighs and left his chest coated in his own seed.

As my cock finally slipped out of his mouth, he sat back on his haunches and I sat back in the sofa. I felt drained from the intensity even though he'd really been doing all the work. "Fuck, man," I said.

"Yeah," he laughed.

"You're so good at that, holy shit. I did not expect you to take that whole thing."

"What can I say? I guess I needed it." He smiled and kissed my soft cock before standing up. I started to stand too before realizing that his cum was going to run off of my legs and onto the sofa if I did.

"Can you, uh, get us some tissues?" I asked, gesturing at where they were. He laughed and went to get a few.

"Sorry, I would have warned you about my loads, but my mouth was a little full."

"Do you always cum like that? That was insane. And hot."

He laughed. "Yeah, pretty much. You thought it was hot? Most of the girls I've been with just think it's a little ridiculous."

"They're crazy. Yeah, man, it was really hot. Almost as hot as you sucking my cock." I started to wipe the cum off my legs, realized I was going to need even more tissues, and decided there was a simpler solution. "Wanna take a shower?"

He extended a hand to help me up. "Lead the way," he said, and we wrapped an arm around each other companionably as I led him to the bathroom.