 Will and I were over at Tyler's place after school. His parents were going to be out until late that evening and he had invited both of us over. It had been a while since he had extended an invitation to me, but I wasn't surprised to receive one sine he had been watching me and Will fuck. Even though he was still annoyed that Will wasn't allowing him to fuck me, he was happy enough to let one of us suck him off while he watched.

"You guys should sell videos of this shit," Tyler said as he sat back and watched me and Will make out.

Will pulled away from me and smirked. "You're the only porn star around here."

Tyler looked confused. "Huh? What?"

"Seriously?" Seeing Tyler not getting it, Will pulled out his phone and loaded the video.

Tyler groaned. "I forgot I sent you that. You can't show anyone. I gotta rep to maintain."

"Don't worry," Will said as he moved closer to Tyler. "You know your secret's safe. But it does make me think..."

Tyler narrowed his eyes and gave him a suspicious look. "What?"

"Let me and Walt fuck you. After that, I'll let you fuck him."

Tyler's eyes went wide for a split second then his mouth turned up in broad smile. "How could I say no to that? Sounds like it's nothing but win-win for me."

Not wasting any time, the three of us quickly stripped. It was the first time I had seen Tyler completely naked and felt like I could have cum just from the sight of him. His torso was broad and the skin stretched tight over and sharply defined his pecs and abs. Beneath his arms thick tufts of hair grew and other than a thin line that led from just above his navel to his trimmed bush, there was no other hair on it. Sticking out of his crotch, his cock was already swelling and jerking upward as it filled with arousal.

Even though I had seen the video and Will had told me about the things he and Tyler had done, I was surprised to see Tyler drop to his knees and take Will's dick into his mouth. He wasn't at all hesitant about it and was soon sucking my brother's dick with a passion that reminded me of how eagerly I had sucked him off.

"Don't just stand there," Will said to me. "Get inside his ass."

I got behind Tyler and took a moment to stare at his firm ass. Not even thinking about it, I leaned forward and swiped my tongue along his furry crack and heard him moan. Encouraged, I repeated the action and was soon eating his ass with gusto. It was sweaty, musky and funky from soccer practice and tasted completely like Tyler. His hole twitched each time my tongue moved across it and when I finally pressed a finger into him, I was surprised by how easily it entered.

"If you don't fucking put that dick in me, I'm going to turn around and show you how to fuck an ass."

I looked up over Tyler's ass and saw him glaring at me while he stroked Will's dick.

Above him, my brother gave me a half smile. "I know his ass tastes good but I'd do it if I were you. You know he's been after your ass and probably won't wait much longer for it."

"No, I won't," Tyler said darkly.

With the threat hanging in the air, I wasn't exactly reluctant as I lined up and pressed into him. Unlike Will's hole, Tyler's was surprisingly loose and supple. It wasn't gaping and unpleasant, it simply felt like a comfortable, well-worn pair of shoes around me. "Fuck, Tyler. How much dick have you had?"

"None of your fucking business. If you don't like it, you can pull the fuck out."

"Not until I drop this load," I returned as I gave him a particularly hard thrust.

He let out a mocking sound. "You think you know how to throw a fuck? Really?"

Before I could answer, I felt his ring begin to rhythmically flex around me while he took over thrusting and rolling his hips against me. I stared down in shock at Tyler's ass as he fucked me with a vigor I did not expect. "Oh, shit."

"You like that, Walt?" Tyler taunted me. "Think you're man enough to handle this?"

All I could do was moan while Tyler fucked his ass on my dick. Whatever momentary control I thought I had over him was gone. I was no more an active participant in this fuck than if he was laying on top of me pounding my ass with his fuckstick.

"Should've just fucked him," Will said with amusement. To Tyler, he said, "Go easy on him. He'll learn."

Tyler slowed his motion but continued to work my dick with his ass. "The fucker better. Otherwise this is going to be the last time he gets it."

As he put my brother's dick back into his mouth, I took over fucking Tyler's ass. Will leaned toward me and I met him over Tyler to share a deep kiss.

"You taste and smell like his ass," Will said when he pulled away. "That's so fucking hot."

After a few more moments, we switched positions and I moaned as Tyler took my dick into his mouth. It was the first time his mouth had been on me and just the sight of his furry face working my junk was enough to push me close to the edge. Having my own oral fixation, I couldn't believe how good Tyler was eating dick.

"Ready to do this?" Will asked me.

I looked at him like he was crazy. I'd been in Tyler's ass and, as long as he didn't suck the cum out of me, planned on going back. "What else is there to do?"

"We're going to double fuck his ass."

If I had been a cartoon my eyes would have shot out of my head accompanied by the sound of a klaxon. "What?"

Will gave me a sly smile. "You heard me. What's the point of being fucked by twins if you don't get fucked by twins?"

Luckily Tyler pulled off my dick at that moment because I was a split second away from orgasm hearing what Will wanted to do.

The two of them quickly determined that I should lay on my back then Tyler would sit on my dick. Once he was in place, Will pushed into Tyler next to me. As my brother's crown popped inside, Tyler let out a moan then pressed his mouth to mine. For all the times I had sucked his cock, this was the first time we had kissed. Like with every other interaction we'd had, he was dominant and took control of my mouth like he owned it. Feeling my brother's thick cock pressed against mine as it continued to slide into Tyler's hole was more intense than anything I had ever felt or even imagined. We had rubbed our cocks together a few times but it was nothing like this. It felt even more intimate than him fucking me or me fucking him. Being inside a hole was such an individual event that sharing it with Will, with my brother, took it to the next level. And with it being Tyler's hole, the guy that I had lusted after for so long, made it so much better.

"Fuck, Ty," Will said once he was completely inside. "I don't think you've been this tight since I popped your cherry."

Tyler pulled off and glared at me even though it was Will he was speaking to. "Like I told this one, if you don't like it, you can pull the fuck out."

Will leaned down and wrapped an arm around Tyler's neck. He bent his elbow, tightening his arm to lightly choke Tyler. Into his friend's ear, he said threateningly, "Watch the attitude, man. Unlike Walt, I will fuck the shit out of you first then kick your ass. If you want a rough dicking, just say it. Otherwise, chill the fuck out."

"Okay. Sorry."

I stared up in surprise at the exchange. Walt had just taken Tyler down a notch and Tyler had submitted without question. I had never seen Tyler do that and even knowing about his sexual habits, it was incongruent with the Tyler I knew.

Seeing my reaction, Will smiled knowingly at me. "He's a bossy bitch but like all good bitches he knows when to shut the fuck up."

I didn't know what to say but I didn't have to worry about it as Will pulled back slightly to start his fuck. The sensation of his dick moving against mine pulled an unrestrained moan from me. It was cut off as Tyler took my mouth in another deep kiss. As I made out with him, I saw Will watching us with a mix of arousal and jealousy. I wasn't sure if it was because I was kissing Tyler or because Tyler was kissing me. Either way, it heightened my own arousal and I tentatively thrust up into Tyler in response. I heard Tyler make a sound that was close to a whimper and pushed up into him more forcefully.

Will smirked as I found a pace that had me moving out of Tyler's ass as he pushed in. "You like that, don't you?"

"Yeah," I said breathlessly. "It's more than a little awesome."

"Imagine how it'll feel when it's your ass," Tyler said. "After I ride your ass solo, you're getting DP'd, too."

My eyes went wide with fear and both Walt and Tyler chuckled.

"Don't scare him, yet," Will said. "He's just getting used to you."

Tyler didn't say anything else but his eyes held my gaze possessively.

In that moment I knew that I was destined to be Tyler's bitch. It was odd considering the fact that it seemed like he was Will's bitch. I might have been in his ass but, unlike Will, I was not in control of the fuck. That the two of us were in his hole yet on different ends of the power dynamic was interesting. Tyler taking me in another kiss cut off my thoughts as I was overloaded with sensation.

"A guy could get jealous watching the two of you."

I looked up to see Will giving me a hard look that was full of jealousy. With our gazes locked I saw them change and realized he wasn't jealous that I was kissing Tyler. He was jealous of Tyler kissing me. I couldn't believe it and saw him give me a wink when he saw that I knew what he was thinking. More than anything I wanted to lock lips with him but couldn't do so around Tyler's large body without at least one of us pulling out.

Sliding against each other inside of Tyler's hole we were no longer fucking the tall soccer jock, but dicking each other. Tyler was practically forgotten as I focused on my brother's thick cock sliding against mine. Slick with our precum and Tyler's ass juice, I could feel every ripple and ridge of Will's hard dick pressed against mine. We'd humped against each other in our bedrooms a few times but this was something completely different. His eyes held mine as intently as they did when he was in my ass. With his dick moving insistently against mine, Will fucked me with the same determination he did when inside my ass, and even though my own hard dick was sliding against his, I was definitely on the receiving end.

I began to feel the pleasurable tightening in my groin and didn't fight it. Will noticed and urged me on.

"Do it, bro. I want to feel you shoot inside his ass."

Tyler threatened, "Better make it good or you'll regret it."

A few thrusts later I let out a groan as I began to unload inside Tyler.

Will let out a moan of his own. "Oh, shit. That's so fucking hot, Walt."

A moment later, I felt his cock stiffen as he began to shoot inside Tyler. Through the haze of my own orgasm I could feel his cock jerk against mine with each shot. I was surprised I could feel his hot cum flowing around me inside Tyler's passage. His cum mixed with mine making Tyler's asshole slick and borderline sloppy. Even after fucking and being fucked by my own brother, it was the nastiest thing I had ever felt.

"Fuck that was hot." Tyler turned his head and pushed Will out of him then rode my softening dick for a moment. "Did you like that, Walt? Enjoy fucking my ass with your brother?"

Through my moans of discomfort from his working my sensitive dick I said, "Yeah."

"Bet you'll love this."

Tyler pulled off me then lowered his mouth and began to suck and lick the cum and ass juice off my spent dick and pubic hair.

I let out a pained moan as my dick tried futilely to respond. "You're fucking nasty." Despite my words, it was rather hot to watch him perform clean up.

After he felt like his job was finished, he raised my legs and began to eat my ass. As his finger and tongue held me open, he began to deposit the fluids he had collected into my hole. It was weird feeling the watery substance flow into me but I didn't complain as I closed my eyes and reveled in the sensation of him eating my hole.

It wasn't until I felt him lower my hips and something thick press between my butt cheeks that I opened my eyes. While I had not expected it, I was not surprised to see Tyler pushing his dick into me. I groaned as I felt his thick head enter me and pressed my hips down attempting to help him.

"Thanks, but I got this." Having said that and with only a small portion of his cock lodged inside me, Tyler leaned forward, bending me nearly in half, then forced his dick all the way into me.

The breath was forced out of me from the sudden intrusion. While I was used to my brother's thick dick and had been lubed up by Tyler eating my ass, Tyler's cock was so much larger that there was no preparing for the stretch and depth he reached as his shaft drove into me. My eyes watered and a silent scream caused my mouth to fall open.

Tyler let out a groan of pleasure as he pulled back and began to fuck me with rapid thrusts. "Fuck, I bet this would've been nice if I'd got to it first."

"It was," Will said as he straddled my head. His hands moved to massage my chest and play with my nipples as he positioned his ass over my face.

Gripping his thighs, I pulled him into position to eat his ass. I eagerly licked and probed at the twitching opening, using it as a distraction for the discomfort in my own ass. Over the sound of my own lapping tongue and Tyler's hips slapping against mine, I heard the wet, crackling sounds and muffled moans of Will and Tyler kissing above me. Everything about the moment was perfect and I thought the only thing that could make it better would be to have my brother's hard cock in my mouth instead.

Tyler hammered my ass for longer than I expected. When the time came, he only gave a growl for a warning before he shoved his cock all the way into me and began unloading. I let out my own moan and my body shook with a small, dry orgasm as I felt his already hard cock swell and buck inside me, filling me with a heat that was more intense and larger than I had come to expect from Will. I knew I should not have been surprised considering the size of Tyler's loads I had swallowed, but it was a much different feeling having it inside my ass.

"Fuck." Tyler expelled a breath when his orgasm began to subside. "That was nice."

Tyler thrust a good portion of his length through me a few times before he pulled it out completely. As if it were a well-practiced maneuver, he and Will swapped places. However, instead of Tyler placing his ass above my mouth, he fed me his slimy cock. I let out a moan but not because I was tasting my ass on the spent dick. Will had placed his head between my legs and was eating my ass. I could hear him slurping eagerly at my hole. My brother's tongue and fingers worked in tandem to pull Tyler's load out of me. The warm wetness of cum and the cooler sensation of spit soothed my raw ring and I let out continued sounds of horny relief from the feeling.

For more than a few minutes, I sucked and lapped at Tyler's cock performing cleanup while Will did the same to my ass. Tyler's floppy cock was nearly completely flaccid but still pushed out thick drops of bitter cum. Mixed with the flavor of my ass, I was practically in heaven knowing that I had finally gotten the one thing I never thought I would from him.

When Tyler finally pulled out of my mouth and sat next to my head, Will also stopped cleaning my ass. He sat up and took me in a deep kiss, giving me a taste of Tyler's cum and my ass on my brother's tongue.

"This shit should've happened a long time ago," Tyler said breathlessly. "You guys are a pair of really hot fucks."

"You're not so bad yourself," Will said breaking our kiss but remaining on top of me.

Feeling boneless and satisfied like never before, I simply laid there looking between the two of them with a sex-drunk smile on my face. I knew that in the time remaining before we each went to our separate universities, we'd repeat this afternoon in as many different permutations as possible.