 Hey, I'm back with a very short chapter. Actually, this is not a chapter. This is just me having fun. I was imagining this interview while driving the other day and then I thought I should write it, so here it is. Of course, I added a sex scene for your enjoyment. I guess I was missing the boys a little.

--------------

Here we were in Singapore, ready to kick off the tour on the following night. We were so excited we could hardly contain ourselves, so since we had landed in Singapore four days before, we had barely had any sleep. We were aware that we had to rest before the first gig but there were still so many things to do, including enjoying this amazing city. Since we had landed, we had slept a maximum of four to five hours a night.

It was eleven am local time and we were being interviewed for a local TV channel about the concert we were about to play at the National Stadium on the following day.

We had gone to bed at about 5am after an amazing rooftop party at the Marina Bay Sands Hotel. The Singaporeans definitely knew how to party up sky high. The view of the city was mesmerizing, the DJ was amazing, the food was delicious ... oh, and did I mention the pool that made you feel like you were going to float right up into the sky? We'd had a beautiful night and it probably didn't bode well for the rest of the tour but we were back on the booze ... at least for one night. When the party ended, we were all totally wasted, including myself and Dylan.

So, when we began the interview only six hours later, having slept for just a few hours, we were not in top form We weren't focused at all and we only wanted to have a laugh and make the interviews go by faster. Plus, we knew we still had to make it through a long rehearsal before we could hope to get some decent sleep. The journalist had definitely noticed our intoxicated state and she was trying to take advantage of the fact that we were all cheerful by asking us all sorts of uncomfortable questions that we didn't want to answer.

"Are there any celebrities that you met but were really disappointed with? Because they were really awful to you...," she asked.

Damon laughed.

"Who's bold enough to give a name?" he asked us, focusing on me.

"I am!" I answered.

"Oh my god, don't get him started," Rob joked.

"Are there any celebrities that were terrible to you?" she asked me with curiosity

I let out a huff,

"Not terrible to us, but disappointing, yeah!" I frowned.

"Do tell!" she said with pleading and curious eyes.

"After you turn off the camera... I have so many stories!

"Yeah, he loves gossiping about other celebrities!" Rob said to her, smiling.

"Yeah," I nodded and said the first thing that popped into my head, "I've been gossiping about Sam Smith a lot lately," I whispered, leaning closer to her.

Rob turned to me in surprise, kind of caught off guard,

"Really?"

I shrugged and nodded, pursing my lips.

"Yeah. Haven't you noticed?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. "I do love his music though," I said and then shut up.

Rob couldn't help half-closing his eyes to see how far I was going to go with this and I gave him a wicked smile. He smirked at me and then looked at the journalist again, who looked intrigued.

"I mean, Sam," I said as I looked straight at the camera, "really, I love your music! Actually, I think we should write together. I know exactly the song that'd be perfect for you. So, if you need another hit song, call me!"

Rob shook his head with a laugh and I continued,

"Oh no, wait!" I exclaimed, snapping my fingers, "You can't. You don't have my number," I sighed disappointedly, "... But you've got his!" I exclaimed, pointing to Rob, " So... you know, we're pretty tight knit...," I said in a whisper.

Rob giggled,

"Are you done?"

I watched him with a mischievous smile,

"I'm only beginning to answer this question...."

The journalist smiled and studied Rob's attitude.

Jordan leaned closer to her,

"Don't pay attention, he's still a little drunk right now! Last night's party was craaazy!"

We both laughed and she smiled back at Jordan before asking me with interest,

"Is there some kind a feud between you and Sam Smith?"

"No!" I exclaimed and shook my head, "Absolutely no feud. I love Sam. And yeah ... just saying, I love his music..."

I turned to Rob and tilted my head,

"Don't you?"

He nodded, fighting back a laugh,

"Yeah, yeah. Good songs."

"Yeah, he's got an amazing voice," I agreed and looked up at the journalist, "I don't know what else about him is amazing. I mean, I really don't know him that well. Rob knows him a lot more than I do.''

He laughed again, obviously wondering if I was going to stop and I let out a small laugh,

"But I love Sam, really. I can't wait to run into him again," I exclaimed cheerfully, stressing on the word 'wait' on purpose.

"I mean," I nodded mischievously, "I'm really looking forward to it!

"Alright!" Rob exclaimed to Jordan. "I'm never letting him drink again!"

"Why not, it's fun!" Jordan replied, laughing.

I laughed too,

"Yeah, I should never be allowed to drink!"

"That makes two of us then!" Rob joked.

"Are you gonna deny him sex tonight?" Jordan asked me jokingly.

Rob cracked up and I did too.

"I dunno, depends how many more tequila shots you're gonna make me drink today!" I fired back.

"Next question, please!!" Rob begged.

She smiled,

"You know about the feud between Taylor Swift and Kanye West, which team are you?"

"Team Taylor of course!" Jordan answered.

"I thought you'd say that", and she tried to make him talk about his relationship with her.

---

Minutes later, the interview ended and we all headed to the hotel lounge to have a quick brunch.

"Let's go sit over there," Rob said to me after we had served ourselves at the buffet. I followed him and we sat close to each other in a booth away from everyone else and for a moment, we ate quietly, although we weren't very hungry.

"How you feeling about tomorrow?" I eventually asked. "Are you nervous?"

"Yeah, but I'll be alright. I'm more excited than nervous."

"We really need to sleep a little."

"Yeah," he chuckled.

I smiled and gazed into his eyes before lightly pressing my lips over his.

"So? Am I getting laid tonight?" he asked playfully, I knew he wanted to talk about the interview.

I smiled apologetically,

"You can get laid right now." I murmured, "If you're not mad at me!" I laughed.

He shook his head, his hand reaching behind my back and moving it toward the back of my head.

"It was fucking funny... but seriously, what were you thinking?"

I let out a giggle,

"I wasn't. Sorry...," I apologized. "I couldn't help it, it was too tempting."

He shook his head again,

"You realize now that everyone's gonna wonder what this was all about and that they're gonna ask Sam about it?

"Yeah, well..." I shrugged, "can't wait to see what his response is gonna be," I replied mischievously.

"Come on," he laughed. "he's gonna think that you want to smash his face in!"

"Do I?" I raised my brows. "Don't mess with my man," I said, just bitchily enough.

His hand moved my head toward his, and he kissed me chastely. As always, there was this firmness to his kiss that made me feel protected. He pulled away and I moved toward him again, kissing him with a greater intensity than he had used. I quickly darted my tongue into his mouth, feeling the ridges of his upper teeth.

"You know we're not done with these interviews, right?" he said quietly, gently pushing me away.

"Come with me," I murmured, standing up and taking him by the hand.

Tom saw us head out of the lounge and he called to us, telling us that we had another couple of interviews before going to the venue to rehearse.

"Yeah, we know. We're coming right back," I said to him.

We got into the elevator and I turned to find Rob casting a suspicious eye on me. I took him by the hand again and told him how horny I was for him.

"Like, right now?" he asked, a little confused.

"Like, right now." I confirmed seductively and placed a passionate kiss over his lips, teasing them with my tongue.

It was one of those times when you really didn't expect to make love, but suddenly couldn't think about doing anything else. Moments later, we walked into our suite. Rob kicked off his shoes and took his jacket off before he went to stand by the full wall of floor-to-ceiling windows.

"Wow," I said stepping behind him,

"Can't get over this view," the height we were at offered a spectacular view of the city.

I put my hands on his hips and kissed the nape of his neck.

"It feels like I'm on top of the world!"

"You are," I said with a smile and wrapped my arms around his waist.

We were silent for a short moment and then I spoke softly,

"I love these quiet moments with you," he placed his hands on mine and I added, "considering how we're starting off this tour, it looks like the next few months are gonna be pretty hectic. We gotta make sure we make time for this."

"It won't be this crazy all the time," he reassured me.

Then he turned around and gazed at me with lust.

We started kissing again, teasing each other's' lips with light caresses, followed by more forceful ones. Rob's hands moved to my back and my hands to his ass, feeling its firmness through his tight black jeans.

"I'm so hard, it's uncomfortable," I said, my hands squeezing him harder.

He smiled lovingly,

"We don't have much time. I bet Tom is going to call soon."

His pelvis was pressed against me and I could feel his growing erection against my own.

"I know," I said, not wanting to stop kissing him to talk.

I slid my hands under his waistband, and moved them down until I had cupped his buttocks in my hands, feeling their soft, smooth skin.

"Well, whatever we do, we have to do it fast," he smiled as my index finger slid down the crack of his ass, he made a small sound when he felt it.

"What do you want to do?" he asked.

"What do you want to do?" I returned.

My finger brushed up against his hole. It was still a bit open from the sex we'd had a few hours before and he moaned and pressed himself up against me when he felt me touch him.

"You probably know what I want to do," he giggled while trying to concentrate on the pleasure I was bringing to his backside.

I nodded, kissing his throat.

"Gee, you must think I'm such a little bitch," he said with a laugh.

I grinned,

"I think you're amazing," I said and stared lovingly into his eyes, more in love with him than ever, he smiled and I added playfully, "and fuck, baby, you're my little bitch."

He snorted,

"I am!" he said as I pushed my finger into him, making him moan louder than he expected to.

We started moving quickly, abandoning our kissing as we dropped to the floor. Rob turned his back to me and I pressed up against him, licking at his neck and moving my hands under his shirt. I remembered that there was no time for foreplay and urged him to move forward.

He supported himself on his knees and the large coffee table that was right next to us. I knelt behind him and reached under him to undo his belt and jeans. I pulled his jeans down under his buttocks, exposing his tight creamy ass. I briefly pulled his cheeks apart to stare at his inviting hole, then quickly started undoing my own pants.

In seconds my cock was lubricated and rearing to go. I pressed myself up against him, and guided my cock to line up with his hole.

Rob could feel its approach and urged me on,

"Give it to me." he urged, "Shove it in me."

I was apprehensive about going in all at once, but that was what he wanted, and I knew he was still loose from earlier. I pushed all the way into him, feeling his ass embrace every part of my cock down to its base. Rob moaned excitedly and almost immediately started pressing back against me. He either really wanted this badly, or really didn't want to be late to the other interviews.

"Oh, that's it baby, that's it," he said, as we slammed against each other.

My hands reached under his shirt and cupped his pecs, rubbing them and playing with his nipples and the short hair covering his torso. Leaving my left hand under his chest, my right hand slid down his toned abdomen until it found his cock, hard as a rock and bouncing up and down. I wrapped my fingers around it and started stroking him in rhythm with my thrusts. He started leaking very quickly and soon my hand was easily sliding up and down his self-lubricating pole. Occasionally I would move my thumb across his slit, causing his teeth to practically chatter.

"Your cock feels so hard," I told him, my face pressed into his back.

"You are working me so good." he responded. "Faster, faster."

We were moving at lightning speed, knowing that we needed to climax as soon as possible, but trying to enjoy the experience for all it was worth. Suddenly, my phone began vibrating. Rob heard it too, but we didn't pay attention to it as he just kept slamming against me.

Only moments later, there was a loud knock at the door.

"Should we stop?" I hissed, not really sure if I could at this point.

"Are you fucking nuts?!" he responded, "Just stay back there and finish what you started."

I laughed quietly as I heard Jordan calling our names,

"Don't pretend to be fucking in there, I know you just passed out," he said, banging on the door, "There's been a change of plan. We're going straight to the venue, alright?"

"Cool!" Rob murmured to me, too low for Jordan to hear, glad that we were done talking to the press, "I won't have to worry about the stupid shit you might say anymore!"

I laughed to myself and he braced himself like he was going to do push-ups. I moved the hand I had under his chest and brought it to his hip as I straightened my back and started bringing forth my orgasm. My other hand was pulling on Rob's cock as fast as I could. Looking down, seeing nothing but my cock in his gorgeous ass between the bottom of his shirt and the top of his jeans was extremely erotic.

"Tell me when you're ready," I told him through my ragged breaths.

"Ungh, ahhh, I, I'm ready."

I could tell he was gritting his teeth as he started pumping a load out of his cock. His head was rocking back and forth and I could feel the new, warm wetness on my hand. He never stopped fucking himself against my cock and I quickly shot off inside him, groaning low and long. I was almost dizzy by the time my orgasm subsided.

I lay against him for a few moments as we both caught our breath.

"That was so freaking good," he sighed, smiling.

I pulled out of him and we quickly started putting ourselves back together. We went to the bathroom to wash up.

"Do you think they're waiting for us?" he asked, pulling his jeans up over his well-used ass.

"Probably," I answered as he pulled out his phone and began making a call.

"Hey, Jordy," he said into the phone, it was what we sometimes called Jordan when we wanted to piss him off, "you can tell Tom we'll be down in a minute. Oh, and just so you know, we didn't pass out and we aren't boring!"

I smiled and chuckled a bit, knowing he was saying this because Jordan kept teasing him about the fact that our sex life would become boring now that we were engaged.

We began heading out and hurried down the corridor, practically running back to the elevators. I still felt a little drunk, a bit like I was in an alternate reality. We passed by the lounge on our way to the lobby but stopped when we saw everybody waiting for us.

"Sorry, we just needed to take a little nap," Rob said to Tom wickedly.

"Sure, you did," Tom replied.

We exited the hotel and waved at the fans waiting outside to catch a glimpse of us. We signed a few autographs and took a few selfies with them before quickly heading into the cars that awaited us.