 The lights went out. Mark looked about, rubbing his eyes. The office was empty, the cubicles abandoned for the night. He checked the time. 10:30. Josie would be angry. He hadn't called to tell her he would be home late. Mark sighed. Home. He didn't want to go home. 

Things with Josie were strained these days. He stayed late at the office almost every day, she spent an awful lot of time at Emma's house. When they were both home it was either silent or they were fighting. He wished they had the strength to end it but they were both holding out for something. God knows what. 

He knew what her relationship with Emma really consisted of. It was hard not to notice, he knew what she was like after sex. When she came home, she was bubbly and smiley and out of breath. He used to do that to her. Now it was Emma. 

He would have been more upset if not for David. David was Mark's boss. He had come to the company about six months ago and Mark had immediately felt attracted to him. At first this scared him, he had always been straight, but as time went by he came to accept it. Now he spent his days mooning over David's deep black eyes and his nights stroking himself the way he wanted David to. 

Mark stretched. He should go home. He would go home but first...He stood up and packed up his things. Then, looking around to make sure he was truly alone, he walked to David's office. It was his nightly ritual to go over there and sit in David's chair, play with his stapler, and let his imagination take over. It was crazy and a little creepy, but it soothed Mark's soul.

He opened the door and peeked in. Empty as it should be. He smiled and walked in. The moon came through the large window; illuminating the basic office supplies and making them look unearthly. He dropped his bag on the floor by the door and stood there for a second, breathing in the scent. It smelled like wood polish, cigarettes and David's cologne. Mark shivered. 

Suddenly the door on the other side of the office opened and David walked in, scratching his head and peering at a sheaf of papers in his hand. He didn't notice Mark until he was back at his desk. He looked up and his mouth opened slightly. "Uh. Mark? What...?" 

Mark flushed furiously. "Um...hi, David. I just...that report. I was going to drop it off. I didn't know you were still here. Sorry. I'll just...I'll get that for you." He bent down to his bag and ruffled through it, trying to find the report. Thankfully he actually had it. Otherwise he would be in deep shit.

He found the folder, pulled it out and walked to David's desk. He smiled nervously and held it out. David still looked a little surprised but he accepted the folder. When he grabbed it, their fingers brushed and electricity ran through Mark. He pulled his hand away and David frowned. "Sorry. I didn't mean to bother you. I'll just...leave now." Mark backed away and grabbed his bag. He had his hand on the door handle when he felt David come up behind him. 

David put his hands on Mark's waist and turned him around. His eyes were sparkling. "You could have waited until tomorrow to give me that report. It isn't due for another week." He leaned in closer and Mark's heart went crazy. "Why did you really come in here?" David whispered, his lips centimeters away from Mark's. "I...I uh..." Mark never finished his lame excuse. David was kissing him, hard. 

Mark felt as though he had melted. He was a puddle on the floor, he was a fricking lava lamp. Heat rushed through him, torrential and all consuming. He threw his arms around David and kissed him back with fervor. David pulled away and slipped Mark's bag off of his shoulder. Then he pulled Mark over to the desk, backing him against it, and kissed him again. His tongue was warm and wet, probing further and further into Mark's mouth. 

Mark moaned a little. David pulled away again and looked into his eyes. "I've seen you looking at me." His hand brushed against the bulge in Mark's pants. Mark shivered and David smiled. He traced his fingers up and down Mark's fly, his touch gentle but sending searing heat into Mark. Mark tried to kiss him again, but David moved his face away. "You work so hard every day, I think it's time I did a little. I'm the boss after all, I should take charge. Use those leadership qualities." He smiled again and then leaned in for another kiss. 

This kiss was short and hot. Then David pulled away and began unbuttoning Mark's shirt. Mark did the same for David, the other letting him. Soon they were down to their pants. They kissed again and David reached up to Mark's nipples. He massaged them with his fingers, pinching them a little. Mark arched, his pelvis pushing into David's. David moved his hips ever so slightly, creating delicious friction between the two. 

Mark couldn't stand it any longer. He groaned loudly and began working at David's fly. David moved away. He pulled Mark's hands off and pushed him so that Mark stood with his back to David. David grabbed his cast-off tie and used it to fasten Mark's hands behind his back. "I said: I'm in charge" he growled. Mark couldn't think of anything to say so he just whimpered a little. David kissed his neck. 

He turned Mark around again and knelt down in front of him. He had Mark's pants off in a trice. Then he pulled his boxers off. Mark's erect penis was out for the world to see. David made a little sound like a purr and moved in closer. His breath was hot on Mark's member. He shivered again. Then David licked the tip, softly. Mark drew in his breath, hard and fast. 

David had the mouth of a god. He pushed and pulled with his tongue. He lightly dragged his teeth up and down the shaft, not hard enough to hurt but hard enough to make Mark tense up and almost cum. He paid special attention to the sensitive area right below the tip. Then he started deep-throating Mark. Mark couldn't stand it anymore and came right into David's mouth. David swallowed the semen and smiled. "Delicious."

He stood up and started dressing. Mark remained at the desk, hands tied, pants around his ankles, breathing hard. His heart was going a million miles a minute. What had just happened?

David, fully dressed, looked back at him. "You keep my tie. I'll get it back from you next time." He grabbed his briefcase and the report Mark had given him. "This had better be a good one." He held up the folder and smiled. "I expect the best from you." Then he walked out, leaving Mark naked, confused, and alone.