 I laid in bed staring up at the ceiling wishing I was still asleep. It was already after ten and I had slept long and well. I just wasn't ready to be awake. There was a lingering dull pain in my ass that wasn't unpleasant and I smiled at the memory of what had happened. Though it had hurt, in hindsight getting fucked had not been as bad as I had expected and I couldn't wait for it to happen again. My dick, already stiff from a full bladder, became harder as I thought back over the night. As quietly as I could, I reached beneath the sheet into my shorts and began to slowly stroke myself. I was simply enjoying the feel of my cock moving through my hand and not intending to empty my balls. While I normally shot a load at least twice a day, getting fucked last night seemed to satisfy me just as much.

Hearing Will groan in the bed next to me, I looked over and saw him stretching. He turned his head in my direction and I could see him trying to focus on me. After a moment, he blinked a few times as if he hadn't expected to see me there, which I could understand since he had slept through Tyler's departure.

With that thought, my eyes went wide.

Will, gave me a worried look then quickly sat up and swung his legs over the side of his bed to sit on the edge of it facing me. "Where's Tyler?"

"He went home last night," I said shakily then recounted what had happened with his family.

"Then you came back to bed." Will's voice was flat as he made the statement.

I nodded even though it wasn't a question.

We stared at each other.

On the other side of the door, we could hear our parents and sister moving around downstairs but inside the room it was as silent as a vacuum. Neither of us looked away and it seemed like we weren't breathing.

When I finally spoke, my voice was soft and unsteady. "You thought I was Tyler."

Will reluctantly nodded. His face was tight and it looked like he might cry.

I didn't know what to do or say.

I had been fucked by my twin brother in the middle of the night because he had thought I was his best friend.

After rolling that around my head for a few moments, I asked, "Is that why you guys always kick me out of the room?"

Will nodded.

Another tense moment of silence passed as I digested that.

Not sure if I wanted the answer, I asked, "Are you guys gay? A couple?"

At that, Will began to cry. Still uncertain of what to do and how to process everything, I remained on my bed staring at my brother as he sobbed quietly.

It took a few moments before he was able to speak. When he did, his words were intermittently broken by gasps for breath. "He's known about me since before middle school. But he kept it quiet."

I didn't quite understand that. Our parents didn't care about things like that. Even though we had never talked about it, there was no denying I was gay and they never made a big deal about it. When I mentioned that to him, Will let out a soft sound of sadness.

"I know. It doesn't make any sense. But having you being so obvious, I kinda felt like I couldn't be gay, too. It's stupid, I know. But it's what I thought."

"You could've told me," I said earnestly. "I wouldn't tell anyone. Ever."

Will began to weep again and I went over and put my arm around his shoulders. Will had always been the jock, the steady rock in our relationship compared to the emotional mess that I could be at times. For the first time in our lives, I was comforting him and I was happy to do it. Will was my brother and I would always be there for him like he had been there for me.

After he calmed down again, he said, "Tyler's not gay. We just fuck around sometimes."

"Oh. So why did you not want me hooking up with him?" I hated to ask because I knew it would lead to my confessing what Tyler and I had been doing but I was curious. "If you do it, why can't I?"

Will dropped his eyes and looked at the floor. "I was jealous and wanted to keep him to myself. He actually keeps saying how much he wants to hook up with you but I don't want him using you like he uses the girls he fucks around with. You're not the type to go for something random and casual like that. Besides, yeah he's hot, but I honestly think you're too good for him. But that might just be the jealousy clouding my head."

I didn't know what to say. My brother was gay and he and his best friend had been fucking around with each other. Not only that, but Tyler had the hots for me. It explained why Tyler was always trying to get his dick in me. I was irritated that Will had kept that from me but I understood. Because of his admission, I couldn't hide what Tyler and I had been doing any longer.

"Don't be mad," I said hesitantly, "but I have been sucking him off."

Will snorted humorlessly. "I figured. Nothing stops that horny fucker when his dick's involved. He was so excited when he told me what had happened in history class that I knew it wouldn't be the last time."

I didn't hide my surprise. "He was the one who told you?"

"Yeah. And, just like I did with you, I told him to stay away from you, for all the good that did. At some point, I could tell he was getting off somewhere else because we started doing it less and he wasn't talking about a new girl. And then, that time he brought you home when I had that appointment, the room reeked of his balls. I've sniffed those fuckers so many times after a game that I knew whose nuts that smell came from. Not going to lie, I was hurt that you lied to me but I also understood. I figured as long as I was still getting it from him, it was cool."

"There is something you can really be happy about," I said trying to be light. "You got to my ass before he did."

"Really? Why didn't you try to stop me?"

"Because he said he planned on fucking me last night." I then told him everything. It was obvious he was upset about Tyler's method of trying to dick me, but when I told him that Tyler's attitude was one of the things I liked about him, he grudgingly backed off.

"So you were a virgin?"

"That cherry's yours now," I said with a shrug.

"Shit. Sorry, bro." There was genuine remorse in his voice.

"It's cool. Didn't expect it to go like that but it was good." A thought occurred to me. "How did you not notice it wasn't him?"

Will blushed. "I thought something was off but I was so tired and horny I didn't care. We often wake up in the middle of the night and fool around. You know me, I was kinda out of it and not really paying attention."

We were quiet for a moment before the importance of the topic hit me. "You fuck Tyler?"

Will smiled at me. "I was wondering when you were going to catch that. Yeah, sometimes. He plays big bad straight guy, but he can suck dick and take it up the ass like a champ. You wouldn't believe how much of a little bitch he can be when he's on a dick. He's not closeted and I wouldn't consider him bi. That fucker just likes sex. Men, women, young, old, it doesn't matter. He even has a married couple he fucks around with. He told me that weekend he was visiting his brother, they ran a train on his ass in the frat house. I didn't believe him. Then over spring break he sent me this."

Will grabbed his phone and pulled up a short video starring Tyler. He was naked on his back laying on top of a slightly smaller guy who was fucking up into his ass. They were both on what looked like a coffee table in something resembling a living room. Kneeling between their legs was a guy who looked as big as Tyler fucking his hole at the same time, and the high school soccer player had a third dick in his mouth. Around them were a number of other college guys in various states of undress all fisting their dicks. Just before the video ended the coffee table collapsed and everyone let out a communal groan that turned to cheers and laughter as Tyler urged the guys to keep fucking him.

In the last shot before the screen froze, the guy kneeling between Tyler's legs turned to the camera to say something. I let out a gasp as I recognized the face of Tyler's older brother. I couldn't believe the older, straight guy had been doing his part to give his brother a serious dicking. "Wow."

"I know," Will said as he shook his head, obviously still in disbelief.

We lapsed into silence sitting there next to each other. My head swam with all of the information I had just learned and I wasn't quite sure what to do with it. My brother was gay and had been fucking around with his hunky best friend who was straight but apparently seriously liked playing with dick and I had lost my virginity not to that hunk but to my brother. And thinking about Tyler—the school's pussy hound—not just giving dick but also taking it nearly caused my head to explode. Thinking back on the stories I'd heard from him about what happened in the frat house, it was now obvious to see that the brother that serviced the frat was him. If I had read any of this in a story, I would have put it down as unbelievable. Yet, here I was living it.

As if he was reading my thoughts, Will started to chuckle.

"How fucked up is this? Both of us going after the same guy and just when you think you're about to get dicked by him, I fuck your ass instead."

I laughed as well. "Twin mind-reading powers, activate!"

Almost immediately, Will and I had a different, better relationship. Nothing really changed, but his telling me his secrets seemed to clear a cloud that had been hovering around us. While we never had a bad relationship, we had different lives and interests and hadn't spent much time together outside of the house. Now, we began hanging out more and whenever we were out, we checked out guys together and pointed out when the other was being checked out.

About a week later, he and I were home alone together. Our sister was at a friend's house and our parents were at work so we had the house to ourselves for most of the day. We were in our room playing a video game when I glanced over at him. I don't know what was different about the moment, but for some reason I noticed how cute he was for the first time. It was an odd thing to think since he was my twin. His already tight body had filled out some more with better muscle growth and definition. He hadn't cut his hair in a few months and his curly blonde locks nearly touched his shoulders. His round face had narrowed some and taken on a slightly more mature appearance displaying more of the underlying bone structure. However the sporadic hairs along his jaw line and above his lip negated that giving him an even more youthful look. He had legs that were already toned and powerful from years of playing soccer but now they were thicker under the healthy coating of blonde hair. There were thick tufts of it under his arms as well. Other than a small line running from an inch or two above his belly button to under the waistband of his boxers, his torso was still practically hairless.

I continued to look over my brother, surprised at the obvious final pubescent changes running through his body. In contrast, my hair was stylishly trimmed and I was still carrying a bit of baby fat but there was less of it than there had been. Even though I had the same distribution of body hair, my softer form made me look like I was just starting high school instead of getting ready to graduate. I envied Will and his development and continued to look him over as we played.

Eventually, I saw the corner of Will's mouth twitch with a smirk. "You checking me out, bro?"

"No," I lied quickly. I could feel the heat of a blush rise on my cheeks at being caught.

"Yeah, you were." Will chuckled as he tossed his controller to the side and launched his body toward me. Easily pinning me to the ground, he began tickling me and playfully punching me. "You've been eyeing me for a few days, you sick fuck."

"I wasn't," I said between laughter and gasps for air. "I swear."

"No?" He moved a hand between my legs and began to knead my slightly swollen dick. "What's this then?"

"Come on, Will." It was neither a protest nor a plea. I didn't want him to stop but I knew he shouldn't continue. Despite that, my dick quickly hardened.

Will stopped moving his body on top of me but continued working my dick. Our breathing came in heavy pants as we stared at each other in silence. With no warning, he leaned down and pressed his lips to mine.

I laid motionless as my eyes widened in surprise. A sound of shock left me but was swallowed by his mouth. I saw his eyes open and then he quickly pulled away and rolled off me.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he said with some worry. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't've...I didn't..."

"It's okay." I sat up and tried to calm him. "Will, it's okay. It's cool. You just surprised me."

He gave me a doubtful look.

"No one's ever kissed me," I said with a shrug. "I didn't know what was happening until it wasn't."

Will gave me a look of disbelief. "You've never been kissed?"

"No."

"Wow. I'm kinda surprised Tyler didn't, he likes making out as much as I do. But even with your boyfriends or the guys you sucked off you never...?"

I shook my head. "Blow jobs and hand jobs. That's it."

"Okay." A smile pulled the corners of his mouth as he moved closer to me. "Want to?"

I nodded eagerly.

My brother leaned in and lightly pressed his lips to mine. After I got used to the feeling I began to copy his movements. He opened his mouth slightly and I felt his tongue run across my lips. Mirroring the act, I did the same and soon our tongues were battling each other. Following his lead, I let him push me back to the floor as he climbed back on top of me. He began to hump against me and my hips soon moved in countermotion.

As we continued to make out, soft moans escaped us. Even after accepting that my brother was gay, I never expected to be making out with him. Just the idea of being with a cute guy like him was hot, but knowing that it was my twin brother made it hotter in a way that was indescribable. I knew it was wrong and that if anyone ever found out they would consider it nasty, but it was for that reason that I couldn't stop.

Will broke our kiss but rested his forehead against mine. "Fuck that's hot. You're a fast learner."

"I had a good teacher." I wrapped my arms around him and grabbed his ass to pull him against me while I thrust up into him. "But don't stop there."

Will's eyes widened for a moment and I saw his nose flare and felt his erection flex between us upon hearing my words. "You sure?"

"Yeah. I didn't expect it, but I'm glad it was you and not Tyler. Let's do it for real."

Will responded by sitting back and roughly pulling off my shorts. He lifted my legs and hooked them over his shoulders as he pressed his hands against my ass. Just before he stuck his tongue between my cheeks, he said, "You've got such a hot little ass, bro."

I let out a moan as I felt his tongue touch my puckered ring. In much the same way as the first time, Will took his time licking my hole. He was gentler and made his own sounds of pleasure this time as he worked and I could tell he was enjoying himself as much as I was.

After a few minutes, he pulled off and stuck a finger in his mouth to wet it. I cried out as he unexpectedly lowered his mouth to take in my dick. While he slowly sank on my six inches, he worked his finger into my ass. When I reopened my eyes, my brother was looking up at me with a smug look as he slowly fellated and fingered me. Even after everything that had happened—and was about to happen—I didn't anticipate him sucking my dick. Not only that, I didn't expect him to be so good at it. There was just the right amount of suction as he slowly moved up and down. His mouth was neither too dry nor too wet, and his tongue provided just enough additional stimulation to not be excessive.

"You like that?" Will asked after wetting a second finger and sticking it in me.

I was breathing heavily when I responded, "It's amazing."

"Don't tell me you've never had a blow job," he said teasingly.

"Not this good." I let out another moan as he took my dick back into his mouth while his fingers continued to open me.

By the time he was fucking me with a third finger, I was a squirming, whimpering mess. With the dual stimulation on my dick and in my ass, my body was tense with arousal.

Just when I didn't think I could take anymore, he pulled completely away from me. With unrestrained eagerness my brother awkwardly pulled off his boxers. Between his legs bobbed a surprisingly thick dick that looked to be about an inch longer than mine. While Tyler's dick was impressive mainly due to its length, Will's held my attention because of its girth. It looked like it was half again as wide as mine and I was not narrow in the least. At the top was a circumcised blunt helmet whose flared ridge was markedly wider than the shaft. Overall, his dick looked like a bloated version of mine.

I blinked a few times upon seeing it and suppressed a shiver remembering how his head had pulled at my hole while he fucked me. "I'm not going to be pissed that somehow my twin brother has a bigger dick. But, damn. I took that my first time?"

"That's why I'm surprised you were a virgin." He spit on his hand and used it to lubricate his dick. "Are you sure you want to do this?"

"I do." I spread my legs wider in invitation.

Will moved between them and held his cock with one hand and balanced himself on the other. It took him a moment to find my hole. Because of his angle and my still unpracticed hole, the pain was intense as he pushed into me and I heard him grunt as he pried me open. We both let out an explosive breath when his head entered me and my ring clamped down around it.

"Holy shit," I said breathlessly.

"I know," Will said with as much emotion. He moved the hand from his dick to rest next to my head as he adjusted himself to hover over me then resumed slowly pushing into me. "Fuck, Walt. You gotta learn to relax."

"I'm trying."

The burn that I remembered was back in my ring. I tried to keep my breathing steady as Will moved deeper inside me. It wasn't as bad as the first time but it was still uncomfortable. Instinctively, I reached up and slowly rubbed my hands over the tightening muscles of his torso and back. Before I could stop the words, I said, "You're so fucking hot."

"You're not so bad yourself." Will leaned down and kissed me as he pressed his crotch against me. As deep as he could get into me for the moment, he rested his greater weight on me as he used my mouth.

While we made out I moaned into his mouth and could feel my asshole slowly relaxing around him. Being this close, this intimate with my brother was amazing. While I was excited for him to actually fuck me, I was content to be here under him with his dick in me. It felt right and I began to wonder why it had never happened before.

With a sigh, Will pulled back and looked down at me with an expression that mirrored my own feelings. Slowly, he pulled his hips back drawing his dick out of me. Like the first time, he kept going until I was empty and I felt the tug of his crown against my ring as he pulled out. I let out a slight moan just before he pushed back into me.

After breaching me again, he said, "Fuck, bro. It might be tight as hell but your ass feels good around me."

I couldn't restrain my moans as he continued fucking his entire length through me at a slow pace. In the process I began to loosen and my sphincter gradually protested less. As he rotated his hips and adjusted his angle of attack, I realized Will knew what he was doing. He stared down at me dispassionately while taking his time to work me with his dick. It was not so much for his own pleasure, but for mine. But when I reached out to stroke my dick, he swatted my hand away and warned me against doing it again. There was a confidence to him that I had seen in other areas that made me think this wouldn't be the last time we did this.
