 After school, I walked out to the parking lot and toward the car I shared with my twin brother, Will. I couldn't wait to get out of there and start the vacation. I wasn't surprised by the number of people who had heard that I had sucked Tyler's dick during history class, but it had been annoying getting the questions about it in the halls between classes and even more annoying having guys come up to ask me to suck them off, too. While I might have taken some of them up on their offers, it was the mocking way they did it that made it bothersome.

I approached the car from the back due to the way it was parked and saw Will already in the driver's seat waiting. When I opened the door, his head turned to me and I saw barely restrained anger on his face.

"Tell me it's not true," he said through clenched teeth.

"Don't tell Mom and Dad. Please." My voice openly conveyed my fear. Despite my words, I didn't fear my parents finding out I was gay. Pretty much everyone knew though I had never said it. I was afraid of what Will might do to me.

Even though we were identical, Will had more lean muscle on his body from his time on the soccer team. His blonde hair was longer and displayed our natural curls in piles of whorls on his head. We got along very well, but like most siblings we occasionally had some serious fights and the look on his face told me I was about to get my ass kicked like never before.

"I don't give a fuck about Mom and Dad," he said trying not to yell. "You sucked Tyler's dick. In front of the whole school."

While I wanted to correct him, I knew better than to make the situation worse. "I'm sorry."

"You're sorry? That's all you got?"

I turned my head away and looked out the window trying to hold back my tears. Of everything I had thought of at the time, I hadn't considered how sucking Tyler's dick would affect my brother. Like his teammate, Will was a fairly popular guy and what I did would most likely negatively affect his reputation even though he wasn't involved.

On the other side of the car, Will said nothing as he started the vehicle and drove us home. We were quiet the entire trip, which thankfully didn't last too long.

"Fix your face," he said harshly as we pulled into the driveway. "And you better stay out of my way for a while."

I did.

Unlike most of our classmates, our family didn't travel for spring break due to our parents' work schedules. I avoided Will as much as I could even though we shared a room. Thankfully, he was generally only home for meals which made it easy. Bedtime, however, was tense. After two days, I found it easier to retire early and lay in my bed facing the wall in order to avoid the angry glances and not so gentle shoves he gave me if I was near him. Normally I would have fought back but I understood his anger and was still fearful of our parents finding out what I had done.

The weekend before our return to school, I could sense his growing frustration and began to worry that he was really going to beat the shit out of me. And as we drove to school Monday morning, the tension and his rage were palpable in the confines of the car. He also seemed a little sad but I was in no position to try to ask about it or comfort him.

As he pulled into the school's parking lot, he said, "I love you, bro, and will always go to bat for you. But if I get fucked over today because of what you did, Mom and Dad finding out will be the least of your worries."

Not daring to open my mouth, I nodded my understanding.

In hindsight, we both should have known it was not going to be an issue. With the weeklong break in between, what I had done had been forgotten and no one, even in history class, brought it up. Conversations were focused on what happened over the break, who was dating who now, and who had broken up. Combined with the revelation that one of the cheerleaders was pregnant, my public blow job didn't rank in the school's list of scandal. Even Tyler behaved as if it never happened. He ignored me in the same manner he usually did when I entered the classroom.

"You lucked out on this one," Will said as I met him at the car after school.

"I know," I said hesitantly.

After we were on our way home, he continued, "Look, I don't care about you being gay and doing gay things. Suck as many dicks as you want. Fuck 'em, too. Just stay away from my friends, please. Especially Tyler. And don't do it where anyone else will see. Not just because I don't want to hear about it, but because that was just fucking stupid, dude. I can't even imagine the trouble you would have been in if you had been caught."

"You're right. I really am sorry, Will." My spirits lifted somewhat when I felt him punch my leg. It wasn't hard, just a fraternal show of affection.

"I know. We're cool." He let out a chuckle and shook his head. "I cannot believe you sucked a dick in the middle of class. Who does that? Are you that hard up, bro, or are you just a cock sucking whore?"

Though his word choice left something to be desired, I knew he had forgiven me.

With everything returned to normal, I settled back into the routine of life and put Tyler out of my mind.

---

I felt a firm hand grab my shoulder and looked back and up from my seat in the cafeteria to see Tyler leaning down toward me.

"I need you to come with me," he said seriously as he tucked the closest strands of his loose hair behind his ear.

Surprised by his presence, I reflexively asked, "What's up?"

"I'll tell you in a sec. Just grab your stuff."

Tyler's lunch period was earlier and he should have been in class so there was no reason for him to be here. Because of that his tone concerned me and I could see my friends around the table were giving me worried looks as well. Even though I had just unpacked my food, I placed everything back into my lunch bag then grabbed my books. Once on my feet, Tyler put an arm around my neck and guided me to one of the cafeteria's doors. It was a move I had seen him do to a number of girls he had been with and seemed like a sign of possession. But because of his tone when he approached me, I dismissed it as nothing more than camaraderie.

Once in the quiet of the hall outside of the lunch room, I waited a few steps for him to say something. My mind raced with worry and I felt my unease growing with each silent second. When it appeared he was not going to speak, I asked, "What's going on?"

"I'm horny and need you to suck my dick."

For a moment I was dumbstruck from shock. It took my mind a few seconds to come to terms with the fact that whatever unknown misery I had imagined was not going to materialize. After acknowledging that relief, I became annoyed by Tyler's attitude. It was as if he were informing me of nothing more than a need for me to help him with homework. While I obviously didn't mind sucking him off, he hadn't asked if I would do it and I was irritated that he thought I was his bitch to be used at his whim.

When I finally caught up with the situation, I tried to shrug off his arm. "No."

He tightened the crook of his elbow around my neck pulling me closer in a way that was both possessive and threatening. However, his voice was dismissive and confident when he said, "Don't argue. You'll do it."

"I promised Will I wouldn't," I said weakly. It had not been even two weeks since we had returned to school and my brother had forgiven me for what had happened. I couldn't imagine the hell he would give me if he found out I sucked off Tyler again after saying I wouldn't.

"Will doesn't need to know."

By that point we had reached a restroom away from the cafeteria. When Tyler pushed me inside, I grudgingly thought it was a good location because it was far enough from the cafeteria to avoid the lunch traffic and all the surrounding classes were in session so we were unlikely to be interrupted. Even though I had mostly accepted what was about to happen, I gave one last protest mostly because of the way he had approached me. "That was my lunch period. Now I'm not going to be able to eat."

As soon as the words were out of my mouth I knew they were a poor choice.

"Oh, I got something for you to eat," Tyler said with a smirk as he leaned against a sink. His deep voice resonated in the tiled room. Even though his volume was a near whisper, the echoes made it sound like he was yelling. "Get over here."

With a token show of reluctance, I moved to stand in front of him. He immediately placed a hand on my shoulder and pushed me to my knees. As I sunk to the ground, I placed my belongings on the floor next to me. In front of me, I could see the outline of his hard cock already snaking down one of the legs of his jeans. It was obvious he wasn't going to free it so I reached up and undid his belt then opened his fly. He barely shifted his weight away from the sink to allow me to pull down his pants and boxer briefs to free his erection.

Even though I had already seen it once, I was surprised by how his cock looked hovering in front of me. There was no denying that it was big, but seeing how it didn't reach horizontal despite being rock hard made it seem even larger. I wrapped my hand around it, not surprised that my small fist barely closed around the girth. Feeling its unrestrained weight for the first time I understood why it drooped. I began to stroke it, milking out more of the precum that was already sparkling in his piss slit. 

Tyler grabbed my hair with both hands and pulled my head toward his crotch. It wasn't exactly rough, but neither was it a gentle coaxing. "If I wanted a hand on my dick, I would have done that myself. Fucking suck it."

After guiding his dick into my mouth, I dropped my hand and Tyler began to move my head back and forth on his length. He was just as confidently dominant as he and been in class with an insistence behind his motion. Once he noticed that I was working him of my own volition, he dropped one of his hands from my head but kept the other in place and randomly began to knead my hair. As I took over working his cock, I moved one of my hands back up to play with his low hanging balls. They were smaller than I expected but still larger than any I had seen. Dangling from his body, the sack was covered in sparse dark hair and was pulled into a sort of hourglass shape by the weight of his nuts.

"Fuck, Walt," he said after a soft moan. Leaning his head forward to look down at me, his loose hair fell around his face and framed it as he spoke. "That's good. Just what I need. I'll deny it then kick your ass if you tell anybody, but you look so fucking hot down there bobbing on my cock. And you're better at it than anyone who's gone down on me. You give some serious head, man."

Feeling some pride I restrained a smile and refocused my eyes on his crotch and the trimmed, but not short, brown pubic hair in front of my face.

For minutes the only sounds in the quiet restroom were his occasional soft moans, curses or hissed breath and the wet sounds of my mouth on him. When we heard the sound of the door open, I tried to pull off and scramble to my feet but Tyler held my head in place not letting me escape. With worry in my eyes, I looked toward the sound. There was a privacy wall blocking the door so it was a second or two before anyone appeared. Eventually a student appeared. It was a guy I knew was also a senior but had never talked to.

"Oh, sorry," the guy said. His face looked as surprised as I was sure mine did.

"No problem," Tyler said as he began to move my head again. "You're not interrupting anything. He's going to finish me off whether you're here or not. Just understand, you never saw anything."

The guy looked between me and Tyler for another moment before shrugging and going to the farthest urinal.

Even though I was worried about the newcomer's presence, I resumed working Tyler's dick. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the guy not so subtly trying to watch us.

Tyler noticed it, too, and said, "Watch if you want. I don't give a shit. If I did I'd be in a stall."

The guy seemed embarrassed at first at being caught. Finished with his piss, he moved to a sink a few over from the one we were against and watched us through the mirror while he washed his hands. As he dried them with paper towels near the door, he hesitated for a moment. Coming to a decision, he came back toward us and stood next to us to watch.

After a moment, he asked Tyler, "Think I could get in on that?"

Tyler didn't hesitate. He held my head tight as he felt me try to pull off to respond. "Sure. I'm almost finished. He's got a fucking great mouth."

"Cool."

I was a little put off by Tyler acting like I was his and talking about me as if I were no more than an object he could loan out. Admittedly, it was kind of hot, but again I would like to have had a say.

Hearing the sound of the newcomer's baggy jeans opening, I looked over and saw him pulling his dick out. Though he was pulling on it to get it completely hard, I could see that he was in possession of a perfectly average piece that would probably end up around five inches. I was not disappointed as it was a size I was used to. Not only that, but the guy was kind of cute. About five feet five inches, he was lean with shaggy light brown hair. He wore a t-shirt with a rock band logo on it and looked like one of the many skaters in the school.

As the nameless kid stood there stroking himself, Tyler's hips began to thrust against me in countermotion. His balls beat my chin rhythmically and the wiry hairs lightly scratched my soft skin. The sensation made the experience slightly hotter but at the same time made me feel dirty as it reinforced my sense of being used.

"Get ready for lunch, Walt," Tyler said tightly after a few more minutes. A second later he tensed and began to feed me a healthy dose of teen protein.

I pulled back until just his crown was in my mouth in order to take the time to savor his load. Not too thick or thin, it shot out and somewhat coated the inside of my mouth. Salty and bitter, it wasn't as sweet as his precum but wasn't unpleasant. With the slightly musky scent wafting from his crotch, it could only be described as the essence of everything that was Tyler.

Because I had been made to skip lunch, my hungry stomach began to rumble and the sound was embarrassingly loud even over the sound of Tyler's heavy orgasmic breathing.

"Damn, dude," the skater said. "You are hungry for it."

After making sure Tyler's cum tube was milked empty, I released his dick intending to tell off this guy who knew nothing about me other than what he had just witnessed, but Tyler pushed my head onto the guy's dick as soon as my mouth was empty. The scent of his crotch was more pungent than Tyler's and bordered on unpleasant. In my mouth, he tasted more like sweaty teen dick than Tyler did and there was even a bit of urine still seeping from the end.

"He's all yours," Tyler said as he removed his hands and the skater placed his on my head.

As the guy began to thrust into my mouth at a fast pace, Tyler fixed his pants then checked himself in the mirror. After tucking his hair behind his ears he left the restroom without a glance back at me.

"Fuck, man," the guy said as he hit his stride. "You are good."

After Tyler's sizeable cock, even the current rough thrusting was a relief. I kneeled there almost relaxed as I was used. Unlike with Tyler I had no desire to help this guy out but it was obvious he didn't need it. In an almost ridiculously short amount of time he announced his intention to come. When he did, his hips slowed but he continued to fuck his load into my mouth. Not as copious as Tyler, his load was watery and sprayed into my mouth like a broken hose. The flavor wasn't unpleasant but was more alkaline than Tyler's and burned slightly. Once his dick stopped pulsing he pulled out and fixed his jeans even though there was still cum seeping from him.

I was a little disappointed. I hadn't gone into it willingly but I had enjoyed sucking the guy off and wanted to completely finish the job by performing clean up.

"Thanks, man," he said as he moved toward the door.

With a sigh, I grabbed my discarded items and stood. After a quick glance in the mirror, I wiped my mouth and chin of the drool and cum that had seeped out of the corners. There was nothing I could do about the puffy redness of my lips and I hoped no one would be able to tell that I had been sucking dick as I stepped out of the restroom.