 "I want you to fuck me."

I looked down at my brother where he lay between my legs sucking my dick. In the week since he had fucked me on the floor of our room, we had messed around with each other at least twice a day, once in the morning after waking and later after we were holed up in our room for the night. Sometimes we just sucked each other off, other days he'd fuck me both times. Home alone one Saturday, we had sucked or fucked each other nearly every hour until we collapsed into bed from exhaustion. I had loved getting fucked by him and was always begging to have his cock in my ass so I was caught off guard by his request. "Why?"

"I'm sure you'll agree it feels great getting dicked," he said between licks on my shaft. Absently, I wondered if an oral fixation was genetic because of the zeal with which we both sucked cock. "It's been awhile since I got fucked and I've been wondering what my bro can do."

"Nothing as good as you," I said with a little sadness. Though we were twins it was slightly embarrassing and disheartening seeing my smaller six inch dick next to my brother's thick seven inches. Despite knowing and understanding that the hormonal changes of puberty affected everyone differently, I still felt inferior to my twin brother as his development seemed to have sped off leaving mine behind. "You probably won't feel it."

While he took every opportunity to tease me about other things, Will was sensitive to my plight and never made fun of my body. "I'll feel it plenty. Don't take this the wrong way but I think your smaller dick is so fucking hot, bro. It's just the right size to suck on and not have wasted inches." He demonstrated by taking me all the way into his mouth and I could feel my tip just enter his throat. "You're a hot guy, you just have to own it."

Even though I didn't feel it, my dick twitched hearing Will say that. I knew that we both thought that fucking each other, not just brothers but twins, added another level of hotness to what we were doing. Our incestuous relationship heightened our arousal when we messed around and made out with each other while listening to our parents and sister move around the house on the other side of our bedroom door. We were twins sucking and fucking each other unbeknownst to the rest of our family. Even now, in our room for the night with our sister on the other side of the wall next to my bed and our parents across the hall, it was hot needing to keep our sounds quiet so as not to alert them to what was happening.

"I'm sure you won't be surprised to hear I've never fucked anybody before."

"Even better." Will slicked my dick and his ass with some spit then straddled me. "It's going to be so hot taking your first fuck load."

I watched with rapt attention as he lined himself up. Between his spread legs, I couldn't see my dick around his hand as he lowered his body but felt my tip push between his cheeks. It was tight like nothing I had felt before and the heat of his passage made me moan from the novelty of the sensation. Instinctually, I thrust up against him wanting to go deeper.

His mouth turned up in a smirk. "Feels good, doesn't it?"

"Oh my God," I said intensely. "It's awesome."

"Wait until we really get going." Like when he was fucking me, Will rose on my lap until my dick left his hole before impaling himself again. He repeated this three more times before he rested most of his weight on my lap and began to rotate his hips. After a moment, he leaned forward to kiss me as he began to slide up and down my dick.

His ass felt amazing on me and I wasn't doing anything except laying there. Not surprisingly, this being my first time, Will quickly brought me to the edge and I whispered my intent against his lips. "I'm close."

"Do it, bro. Gimme that nut."

Even before he finished the statement, I tensed in orgasm. I gave a strangled grunt trying to stifle my sound of pleasurable release. My dick felt like it had swollen to twice its normal size and was going to burst from the force of expelling my cum into him.

Once the intensity of my orgasm subsided, I opened my eyes to see Will continuing to slowly ride me while he fisted his dick. Staring down at me, he said, "This is so fucking hot, riding your dick with your load in my ass. Oh, shit, Walt. Here it comes."

Will sat down fully on me and I felt his ass tighten around my softening dick. When his first thick shot of cum flew out of him and landed on my cheek, my dick was pushed out of his ass by the contractions. More cum flew out of him, landing on my face and chest in progressively shorter bursts until it flowed thickly out of his tip and over his still moving hand.

My body was streaked with his hot teen cum and it felt great. It felt even better when Will leaned down to lick my skin clean of his release. He took his time eating his cum off my body, occasionally pressing his mouth to mine to share it. Once he finished, he laid his bulkier body on top of mine. While he kissed me deeply, he rolled us over so I was on top of him. We made out for a little longer then separated our mouths with content sighs. He continued to hold me close as we both drifted to sleep.

A few nights later, I awoke feeling some discomfort in my ass. Without thinking, I let out a loud yelp as my hole was pried open, a hand came down over my mouth and held me still.

"Shh," I heard Will whisper into my ear. "It's okay. I'm sorry. I just had to get a piece of this ass before we leave."

The next day our family was leaving for a trip to a family wedding over a long weekend. Even though it would only be for three days, Will and I had lamented the fact that we probably wouldn't get much in the way of privacy meaning we wouldn't be able to fuck around with each other until we returned.

As I relaxed against my brother pushing deeper into me, we heard the sound of our parents' bedroom door opening and footsteps approaching. A short moment later, there was a knock at our door and it slowly opened. The dark outline of our father's body appeared in the opening.

"Everything okay?"

"Yeah," I responded. Thankfully, he didn't turn on the light and because of the trees in front of our window, there was little to no light in the room which would have given away Will in bed spooned behind me with the tip of his dick lodged in my ass. Coming up with a plausible lie, I continued, "I got up to roll Will over because he was snoring and hit my toe on the bed frame on the way back."

"I'm sorry, bud," our father said with sympathy. "Just think, in a few months you'll probably miss the sound when you guys are away at college."

"Maybe. Maybe not. At least I'll get a good night's sleep."

Our dad chuckled then said, "Good night."

"Night, Dad."

"'Maybe, maybe not?'" Will whispered into my ear as the soft sound of our father's footsteps receded across the hall. He resumed pushing his dick deeper inside me. "Now I don't feel so bad for fucking you dry, you little shit."

After he deposited his load in my ass and swallowed mine, we both acknowledged how hot it had been to have our father standing there while Will had his dick in my ass.

During the two nights we were gone, Will and I were able to continue our nocturnal encounters. Because we were now older, he and I were given our own hotel room to share while our sister roomed with our parents. Each night we quietly fucked each other without fear of discovery.

For as much as we played around, we acknowledged that, if anything, we were simply fuck buddies. We weren't in a relationship and could date and fuck other people. It was great for each of us to have a brother that understood what the other was going through and who was also a good lay.

That understanding helped a month after my brother took my virginity when Tyler reappeared.

With Tyler's family dealing with his grandmother's health—she ended up moving in with Tyler and his parents—and our trip, it was over a month before we saw him again outside of school. He and Will had texted and occasionally chatted on the phone when they could during that time, but they weren't able to see each other. A week after we got back from the wedding, the three of us were finally able to get together.

We had the day off from school for a teacher planning day or something equally stupid. Our parents were at work and our sister was at a friend's house for the afternoon so we had the house to ourselves when Tyler arrived.

"Wow," Will mouthed silently to me when Tyler's back was turned.

Since the last time we had hung out with him a bushy, full, dark brown beard had taken up residence on his face that made him look like a lumberjack. And with his deep voice, no one would question the eighteen year-old if he said he was in his mid-twenties. His hair was pulled back in a half tail leaving the ends to cascade over his shoulders and the straps of the tight white tank top he wore. Red basketball shorts hugged his high riding ass and it was easy to see that he was freeballing under them. On his feet were a pair of flip flops. I had never been one to pay attention to feet or care one way or another about them, but in that moment, Tyler's were the sexiest pair I had ever seen. They were broad and long, with long, narrow toes. Despite playing soccer for years, they looked soft and surprisingly well kept with nails that were nicely shaped. In all, I had to admit he looked even hotter than usual.

As if nothing had changed between us, Will and I led Tyler to our room and began to play a game while we caught up on our time away. It did not escape me or my brother that Tyler kept scratching and adjusting his crotch whenever he thought we weren't looking. I could tell Will was getting just as aroused as I was by it.

It didn't take us long to begin discussing sex. While the conversation progressed, we all threw bones. Because Will and I were wearing underwear beneath our shorts, ours weren't so prominent. Tyler's, however, was fairly obvious but he tried to keep it from being too noticeable by holding a hand or the controller over the thick ridge in his shorts.

As the conversation progressed, I wasn't surprised, but was still slightly embarrassed, when Will said proudly, "Somebody finally got his cherry popped."

"Yeah?" Tyler turned to me and there was a mix of jealousy and curiosity on his face. "I thought you were going to wait." "For me," was implied by his tone.

I shrugged. "I didn't expect it to happen but it turned out to be good. 'Really' good."

"So who was the lucky guy?" Tyler tried to act uninterested but it was obvious he was annoyed.

Instead of answering, I leaned over and pressed my lips to Will's. We kissed deeply for a moment then, in an over the top display, we let our tongues battle outside of our mouths between each other for a moment just so there was no question as to what we were doing. I sucked my brother's tongue back into my mouth then we separated with a satisfied sigh.

"Fuck, you're good at that," Will said.

Tyler had a look of shocked disbelief on his face. After a moment of silence, he whispered, "What the hell? You're shitting me, right?" 

I put a hand in my brother's lap and began kneading his erection. "Nope."

"This guy gives great head," Will said as he began to massage my dick in return. "But his ass is even better. I'm surprised you never dicked him."

Tyler's eyes went wide then narrowed as he realized Will and I had been talking about things. "This is a joke, right? Just to get back at me for something?"

"Not at all." Will stuck his hand in my shorts and began to really work my dick. Following his lead, I did the same to him. "We hook up at least once a day, usually more."

"Prove it."

Without hesitation, I pulled down Will's shorts freeing his boner then lowered my head to take it into my mouth.

"Holy shit," Tyler said. "He's doing it. He's really sucking your dick."

The room fell into silence broken only by the wet sounds of suction as I sucked my brother's dick in front of Tyler. I found myself getting into it more than usual feeling that I had to perform for my brother's best friend. I could hear Walt breathing heavily above me and glanced up to his face. At first I thought he was staring off into space but I soon realized his eyes were focused on Tyler. Looking in that direction, I saw Tyler had raised one of the legs of his shorts and was slowly working his knob while he watched us.

"That's so fucking hot," Tyler said after a few moments. "Nasty, but hot."

After a few more moments, Will pulled me off his dick then positioned me on all fours in front of him. As if I wasn't there, he said to Tyler, "You can have his mouth while I fuck his ass."

"I'd rather fuck him," Tyler said as he pulled off his shorts.

Will shook his head then spread some of his spit on my asshole. "No. This is the part where we get back at you. You only get his mouth. And you're lucky I'm even letting you do that."

Tyler stroked himself while openly watching Will push his dick into me. "Goddamn, that's hotter than it should be."

"You have no idea," Will responded with a sigh as he bottomed out.

I grabbed Tyler's dick and took over stroking it. "If I had known it felt this good, he would've been fucking me a long time ago."

Tyler let out his own soft moan as I took him into my mouth. "When do I get a go?"

"When I feel like you deserve it," Will replied as he began to fuck me. "You lied to me and made Walt lie to me about hooking up with you when I asked both of you not to do it. So until I get over that, I'm going to keep him so full of dick and cum and his ass so raw that he's not going to be able to fuck you. And whenever I can, I'm going to fuck him right in front of you."

Then Will proceeded to do just that.