 The following story is entirely a work of fiction. The characters are not based on any particular celebrity but the story is about fictional characters, who are celebrities in the story. The music used in this story is music by the band Coldplay. 

------------

We were done touring. Our first dates in the US had gone really well and we were starting to really crack that market. Mainly because journalists in Europe were constantly referring to us as the band that could become as big as U2. I didn't know if it necessarily had anything to do with our music, even though there were many similarities, we sounded more soft rock. It had more to do with the fact that we were from Dublin like they were, and because Bono loved us. He spoke so highly of us in the media that people who probably wouldn't have paid attention to us did. He was sort of like a godfather and he was definitely giving us great publicity.

By the time the tour ended, we had sold over 15 million copies of our second album. We had become extremely popular. Everyone wanted a piece of us. Fans and paparazzi were always camping outside our place, there were never a huge amount of people, but whenever we would leave our place, there would always be a few fans waiting outside and a couple of reporters around the corner, ready to snap a few pictures. We couldn't wait for them to move on to someone else. We'd figured they would eventually get bored of taking the same pictures of five guys looking annoyed in a hooded top every time we stepped outside, but so far, they hadn't.

We were living in London's Notting Hill. We'd grabbed an opportunity to buy a whole building. There were seven apartments inside. We all wanted to keep living close to each other, in a way it was a continuation of our childhood, to all continue to live next door. So we had moved into five of the apartments and were planning to turn the other two into a recording studio, for sure, and then maybe a cinema, a gym or game room or something. We couldn't agree on what to do with it.

Jordan had managed to convince Rachel to move into one of the apartments with us because she wanted to go to an art school in London. She had always been very artistic and loved to draw, paint and create.

After our break up, we didn't speak for a while, but it didn't last long. She was friends with all of us, the guys loved her and I didn't want her out of my life at all. So little by little, we started spending time together again, as friends. Everything went back to normal in her relationship with Jordan Dylan and Damon first, she'd had a very hard time being around Robbie again at the beginning, especially when he was being affectionate with me, but eventually she got used to it.

The first time she had seen us kiss, we were having a small party at Jordan's place to celebrate his 19th birthday. It was late, everybody had gone home. We were a bit drunk and Rob and I started making out in the corner of the room. I was sure she had left, but when I opened my eyes, I saw her watching us. I froze a little and Rob turned his head and let go of me when he saw her too. She looked at me with the saddest and most resigned expression on her face, and probably fully realized at that moment that she really had lost me for good. Her attitude changed after that, and she started behaving toward me and Rob in the same way as she behaved with the guys. We had become friends again, and I was glad to still have her in my life.

It was 8 am, we were still in bed. I had been awake for like half an hour and I was checking social media when he awoke.

"Come on, sleepy head, wake up. We have press to do this morning."

"Go without me," he answered, stretching his arms.

"Yeah, you wish!"

He checked his phone as well and after a few minutes, I got up and put some pajama bottoms on. He did as well and as we started heading out of our room, I turned around and said,

"Hey, why don't we stop for take out at that organic place on the way like we did last week, it was excellent."

"Yeah, sounds good." he agreed.

He gave me a quick peck on the lips, which I returned, making it last a bit longer. I had just intended to kiss him briefly though but we had no self-control when it came to this. He kissed me back, with a little more pressure and I felt a slight shiver rush through me as his tongue quickly slid into my mouth. He wrapped his arms around my lower back and pulled me into him and I embraced him tightly. We closed our eyes and he started kissing me more deeply. I got hard instantly and pressed my crotch against his, grinding my cock against his and grasping his broad shoulders. He broke the kiss and we looked at each other and grinned slyly.

He slipped his hand down my pajama bottoms, not breaking eye contact with me and grasped my cock firmly, squeezing it, forcing a groan out of me.

"I just can't keep my hands off you," he smiled as he began stroking me firmly.

"Ooh," I quietly moaned.

He placed his other hand behind the back of my neck and gently kissed and licked my lips as his thumb spread the precum over my cock and his hand moved up and down my erection smoothly. I pressed my body firmly against his to increase the sensation and his hand rubbed against his crotch as he jerked me off faster and faster.

He started kissing my cheek, then my ear, his kisses moving down to my neck and began nibbling at it so softly that it made me tremble and I felt shivers run up and down my spine.

"Oh yeah, feels good."

Rob continued licking my neck gently and I moaned quietly, enjoying his nibbling and stroking; he raised his head and looked into my eyes as his hand continued pumping my cock and I humped myself against it.

I smashed my lips against his and slipped my hands down his pajama bottoms. I grabbed and rubbed his muscular ass cheeks, pulling him into me a little more. His hand on my cock was squeezed between our bodies, which just increased the pleasure I was feeling and I lost myself more and more in the sensation. I loved the feeling of his hand running over my cock.

"I'm almost there," I whispered closing my eyes, running my tongue over his lips.

My cock was now leaking like a tap and his hand was rapidly moving up and down my length.

"Yeah, come on, shoot it, shoot it," he murmured and softly licked my tongue and pressed his lips against mine, kissing me lovingly and letting out small sexy sighs.

I moaned and he began to furiously pump my cock as I squeezed him to me.

"Come on shoot it, baby," he moaned sensually again, and I buried my face in the crook of his neck, smelling him and feeling his warmth against my face as I concentrated on my approaching orgasm.

I suddenly felt my cock pulse in his hand and groaned,

"Oh yeah".

My whole body tightened and jets of cum started shooting out of me, soaking his hand as well as my pyjama bottoms. He continued stroking me through the whole orgasm, holding me tight against him too.

When my orgasm had subsided, I raised my head a little and kissed him softly again, giggling, "That was so good." my hands slowly released his ass cheeks and moved up his back, I squeezed him to me a little harder, "you're the best!" I said invading his mouth with my tongue again, and we kissed passionately for a few seconds.

"Come on, I'll return the favor in the shower," I told him, grinning slightly.

We headed toward the bathroom and stepped inside the shower, letting the water spray over our bodies for a moment, enjoying the warmth of the water. I placed my hands on Rob's shoulders and placed a kiss on his neck. He turned a little to face me and I leaned into him. I wrapped my arm around his shoulders and brought my lips to his. We kissed deeply and I gently pushed him closer to the shower wall and backed him up against it, my lips never leaving his.

I pressed my body hard against his and let one of my hands slide down his arm and then up his chest, feeling his hard body against the palm of my hand. I caressed his pec and a sensual moan escaped his lips when I started nibbling at his neck and lightly pinching his nipple.

"You make me so horny," he moaned with a smile as he kissed my cheek, he was running one of his hands up my back while the other one rubbed the back of my neck.

"I can see that." I whispered with a grin as I brought my hand down to his erection, wrapped my fingers around it and gently stroked him, "God, I love this thing," I smiled as I felt that my touch made his gorgeous dick throb and pulse in my hand.

He held me closer against him, and one of his hands slid down to my ass. He began caressing my ass cheeks as I teased his neck and shoulders with my lips and tongue, still holding and stroking his hardness, my hand pressed between our bodies. Feeling how turned on he was and how hard his cock was made me want to have him in my mouth and I started kissing down his chest. He closed his eyes to enjoy the feeling and held my head as I found his hard nipple and he moaned to encourage me to suck and lick it, I gave special attention to his nipples as one of my hands roamed up and down his tight stomach.

My lips descended further down and I knelt down in front of his hard member. I looked up at him and smiled as I wrapped my hand around his erection and gave it a few strokes. Then, I gazed at his beautiful cock, pointing straight out, so hungry for it that my own dick started to respond. I wrapped my lips around the head and started a slow up and down motion, only taking a couple of inches inside my mouth. I could hear him moan a little but the noise of the water made it harder to concentrate on the hot and sexy sounds he was making. I started pulling on my dick to add to the pleasure I was feeling, as I took more of him in my mouth. I grasped his balls in my hand and rolled them around as I bobbed my head up and down his cock a little faster, taking a little more of him each time until I relaxed my throat and let his cock slowly enter my mouth completely.

"Ohhhhh," he moaned hard as his hand grabbed my hair.

I pulled back, bobbed my head up and down a few times and slowly went down on his pulsing cock again, until it was buried down my throat. Rob sighed and quivered, loving what I was doing. I continued blowing him for a while, until my knees started to hurt and I slowly stood up again, kissing up his chest and finally reaching his neck.

"You're so damn hot baby, I love your hard dick in my mouth." I told him as I stroked him, increasing my pace, he had his eyes closed, "What are you thinking about?" I asked him

"You," he answered with a moan.

"Yeah? You want me?" I asked, kissing the area right behind his ear.

He moaned and I took his hand with my free one and pressed it on my chest, making him run his fingers between my pecs and over my abs,

"I'm right here, you can have me whenever you want."

He touched and caressed my chest and I forced my tongue inside his mouth, kissing him hungrily for a few seconds, as I continued jerking him off. We really didn't have time to make this last. My hand slid quickly up and down his shaft, precum escaping the slit of his cock. He was getting close and I kept up my pace. In my effort to get him off rapidly but with maximum pleasure, I pressed my finger against his hole. He pushed back on it and it easily popped in. He gasped and relaxed again,

"Oh yeah, make me cum, feels good." I searched for and found his prostate.

I massaged it a few times, and he groaned and whimpered, leaning his forehead on my shoulder. I continued jerking him off and my finger slid back and forth, teasing his prostate gently.

"Are you close?" I asked and he nodded slightly, concentrating on my hand on his cock and my finger up his ass as he caressed my back.

"You like feeling my finger up your ass? Feels good? ... Imagine I'm fucking you, I'm fucking you hard, I'm slamming my cock hard and fast deep inside you. Can you feel it?" I moaned, inserting another finger inside him and fingering him with two fingers and he clung to me, "You love it when I fuck you, don't you? I bet you want me to fuck you right now. I could cum deep inside you. Yeah, imagine I'm cumming inside you, come on, cum with me, now, come on baby," I urged, jerking him off faster.

He let out a deep groan and let loose a stream of white semen that shot over my arm and my hand.

"Ohh god that was so good! You're amazing," he said, leaning his body against the wall.

He touched his cock and shuddered a little, feeling too sensitive, he took a deep breath and just stayed there, basically waiting for his orgasm to subside.

"Damn, we're really are gonna be late," I laughed and started soaping his chest.

He smiled and we stepped underneath the water to wash ourselves. I had done a great job of turning myself on too and I was hard again but I didn't do anything about it, although Rob did jerk my cock a few times and left me wanting more. We got dressed and left without eating anything to stop at an awesome take-out breakfast restaurant.

We started the day with a radio interview, just Rob and I. We would very rarely go to interviews as a five-piece. It was either Rob and me, sometimes Jordan would come with us, or only Jordan and Damon, or Rob and Jordan... Dylan hated doing interviews and he would always manage to get out of that chore. Although, I had to admit, Rob and I loved doing interviews. Most of the time, we really enjoyed it and had fun joking around.

We were being ourselves and our fans always said in comments on the internet whenever we read them that we were fun, cool and easy-going, genuine and sweet human beings really, not to mention attractive, who didn't let the fame get to our heads. We did try to keep our feet firmly on the ground, we tried to be nice to and available for our fans.

When we arrived, we were greeted warmly by the people there, as well as the radio host. After the usual preparation, because it was to be filmed as well as recorded, we started the interview.

"We've got Robbie and Mark from U-N-I today with us! What's happening guys?"

Rob started with a bit of a joke,

"What's happening is, we're just, you know, it's just a regular day in the life of soft rock superstars."

The host laughed and asked,

"What would you say if I said 'How is it hanging'?"

Rob replied with a smile,

"It's hanging good!"

And I added,

"To the left!" because I just knew it had to be a question about a sex-related topic.

The interviewer clapped his hands and screamed enthusiastically,

"YEEES!! I've done that question for a year and nobody would give it the right answer!!"

I smiled proudly and Rob laughed,

"We would always come through if you want penis jokes!"

We all laughed and he said again,

"Yeees!", thrilled that he had finally found someone who gave him the answer he had been waiting for.

And I thought that we really had to stop doing that in interviews. But we couldn't help it, it was just fun. And most presenters like him knew we liked joking around and so their questions were not always very serious ones with us. We knew there were a few rumors going around on social media, on fans forums about Rob's sexuality and about our friendship, because we did joke a lot about it. I guess it was a way for us to pave the way for when we were finally ready to come out publicly.

Our fans had actually come up with a name for it, mixing our last names Myers and Emery into "myemers", and they would post pictures of the two of us from interviews or on stage, on which we appeared to be close and a bit more than just very good friends. There was indeed a lot of chemistry between us on stage and fans had definitely noticed something. Although I don't think they actually believed it to be true.

Now he added,

"Ok, I'm gonna ask you a serious one, are you ready?"

"What is it?" Rob asked, because I knew him so well I could tell he was immediately a bit worried.

He was always scared that one day somebody might just ask him 'are you gay'?

But he didn't, the host just asked,

"If you had the choice between a bionic arm and a bionic leg, what would it be?"

Rob asked,

"Is it like a trick question?"

"No."

" Is there a correct answer? To the left? Is that what we're supposed to say?" we laughed.

"Ok, I would always go for the arm!" Rob answered.

"Why?"

He looked at me and I said,

"Because it would come in useful some nights."

We laughed and Rob asked him,

"What would you go for?"

"I think the arm."

"Why?"

"Just because you guys said it."

"Just cause you're copying us!" Rob said

"Yeah, I'm sucking up to you!" he joked.

"Yeah you haven't thought this through!" Rob joked.

"I don't know, I just don't have any questions prepared, I figured I'd just made them up like this."

"Ah ok, so now do you wanna ask us about how often we get drunk or something?"

"Yeah, ok," he laughed.

"Terrible radio host," Rob joked.

"Maybe I should just start talking about your next record and your projects and stuff like that?"

"No, no, no, it's alright," I said, "let's keep going this way!"

"You like this way better?"

"Yeah!" we answered.

And the interview actually became more serious and focused on our music, eventually he asked us,

"Is it the idea of like being a band at the moment, and being a band that is going to transcend generations, is that what you mean? Like a band like U2? Because I think that's maybe the point you're at, you can become a historic band."

"Well maybe." Rob answered. "But we have to get a bit better."

"Are you just talking about music though?"

"Basically, yeah."

"Really? Because I feel you have already raised the bar with "A message". Again, so many songs that make the listeners feel deeply. They pull your emotions and send chills down your spine!"

"Yeah, seems like we're good at writing those kind of songs, aren't we!" I said.

"You really are!" he confirmed enthusiastically. "Your songs are again so powerful on this album, everything just sounds so good! This is a very vibrant and exciting album in my humble opinion, the atmosphere is just... cool. People are wondering, what is the song 'A message' about?"

We both looked at each other with a smirk on our lips and Rob leaned in closer to him and said in a whisper,

"Maybe someday, we'll tell you!"

This song was 'A message' to our gay fans, as well as a song about our relationship. Again, Rob was making one of those innuendos about his sexuality that always kept the fans wondering.

"So you're gonna record another new exciting album, it's cooking?"

"As soon as we finish this interview... " I joked.

"Yeah you should start baking! Where are you gonna record? You can record anywhere!"

"Well no, we can't actually," I laughed "Our manager told us the other day, you know you have to stay in London, not enough money."

"We would love to record in our... building, where we all live," Rob explained. "We're in the process of building a recording studio there, we hope it can be ready for us to record the next album there."

"Yeah? That's great! 'Cause you all live together still! And really, it's just about a bunch of guys who get together as friends and ..."

"And who have a lot of musical sex!" Rob joked, finishing his sentence.

He laughed and repeated,

"And who have a lot of musical sex, I love that!" he chuckled, "No, but is it just about being a band, being in the same room and playing darts or whatever and making music, is it important to still keep that, when you have the money to go wherever?"

"I think if we lost that connection," I put in, "then everything else would fall apart. But if we think that we're playing well together, then everything else tends to be good. And we just know that the best way to do that is to go into a little room, have Jordan and Rachel, who's a friend, paint it, and just play in it you know. It's not rocket science, we don't want to make things more complicated than that. We just have to find ourselves a great producer that breaks us down to the very root of our personalities and that's what Nigel Smith did on 'A message'"
