 The following story is entirely a work of fiction. The characters are not based on any particular celebrity but the story is about fictional characters, who are celebrities in the story. The music used in this story is music by the band Coldplay.

Hope you enjoy this chapter, I had a lot of fun writing the interview in the second part. I'd like to thank Chris Martin for his help because I've used one of his interviews. If you're a fan like me, you might notice!

-------------

After coming out in October 2013, and what I found out about my stupid so-called parents, we all felt that we had to take a much needed break from everything. So we all went away for a month before we had to begin the recording of our third album.

The weather was getting cold in England and we wanted to soak up some sun before throwing ourselves head-long in into the recording. Dylan and Damon went away with their respective model girlfriends, Jordan went to Ibiza with a few mates, and Rob and I went to the Bahamas. We knew a few paparazzi would follow us there, which they did. There had been a few shirtless pictures of us taken on the beach that ended up being published, but we didn't care. We just tried not to kiss in public but I wasn't sure whether or not we had avoided having a picture of us kissing each other in the papers.

For almost a month, we just enjoyed each other, relaxed, partied, ate great food, enjoyed different water sports and outdoor activities, slept at any hour of the day and had sex whenever one of us got a little horny, sucking, jerking or fucking. We just enjoyed having no schedule to follow, and just blew some steam off, and loads of jizz! Rob was particularly into having his ass fucked, he seemed to enjoy it even more than he did before and woud ask me to fuck him practically every day, which was fine with me. I loved to top him and I knew that part of the reason he loved bottoming so much probably had something to do with it being a specifically gay act. Maybe it made him more comfortable, reminding him who he was.

It was our last night in Rock House Harbour Island. In the Bahamas, we loved the privacy available amongst all the islands and oddly enough, their indifference when it came to superstars. Celebrities were treated with an automatic deference. They were delivering exceptional customer service, but Bahamians didn't typically get star-struck and minded their own business. We just stayed away from touristic spots.

"Sir," a guy from the front desk called. "we've already taken care of some of your luggage. Here's your key."

It was weird for us that people in the hotel would actually do your packing for you, and I always felt bad about it, but they would do it without us even asking them to. I knew I would have to get used to it but for now, I still had trouble feeling comfortable with all the special treatment we received. I thanked him, took the key and headed toward our room. There were only ten rooms in the resort, making it really private.

I used my key to open the door and walked in. Rob was nowhere in sight and I wondered if he had stepped out to get something, although he had told me he'd be waiting for me in our room while I finished working out in the gym. He had got tired of it before I had and I wanted to run on the treadmill for at least half an hour.

It was when I walked into the room that I saw light flickering from the bathroom. The door was only slightly ajar, and I could tell that the main lights were turned off. I slowly pushed open the door to reveal tall candles, placed in various parts of the room, casting a warm glow in the darkened space. The shades were drawn, and in the large Jacuzzi tub, filled with bubbles, there he was.

"Hey, enjoying yourself!" I grinned slightly, stepping inside.

"Close the door," he said.

Even in the dim light, his eyes were still bright. I walked over and sat down on the marble platform surrounding the tub,

"Looks pretty cozy in there," I smiled.

"I must confess," he said with a laugh, "I wasn't sure if this was sexy or really embarrassing."

I laughed,

"Trust me." I leaned down and kissed him, "Everything you do is sexy."

He smiled and settled back down into the water.

He reached out of the water and clasped his wet hand around my own. He reached down with his lips and kissed my hands. I must have felt cold from the air conditioning, because I could feel myself getting warmer.

' So, you think there is room for one more in there?" I asked.

He smiled and once again pushed back into the tub. He was well covered by the bubbles, but I could see his shoulders and the top of his chest. I stood up and pulled my t-shirt off in one fluid motion. I could feel Rob's eyes on me, watching every move I made. I kicked off my shoes, pulled off my socks, and lowered my cargo shorts, stepping out of them as they hit the floor. Smiling briefly at him, I hooked my fingers under the waistband of my Calvin Klein underwear, and pulled them down. I admit I slowly exaggerated this last step, letting Rob watch the fabric slowly move down my thighs.

Fully nude, I stood there for a moment, and asked him if he liked what he saw. He nodded, and I stepped into the tub, sitting down on the opposite end that he was. He took my foot in his hands and started to massage it.

"Oh, that feels good," I moaned, closing my eyes and resting my head against the back of the tub.

We talked for a moment about having to leave on the next day and go back to London.

"Dylan called, he's back already. Said the recording studio should be ready in a few days," he informed me.

We'd had had people working on it while we were away.

"Yeah? Cool! Can't wait to begin recording in there!" I answered, as I had been writing lots of new stuff while on holidays.

My mind couldn't quite completely disconnect from the prospect of recording our third album.

"He said it looked fuckin' amazing! He's gonna send us a pic later," he smiled.

He started rubbing my other foot, and after a moment he motioned,

"Come over here".

I maneuvered myself around so that my back was lying against his chest. His legs parted to make room for me and I could feel his cock, lying against my backside. It wasn't fully hard, but definitely started moving once I was up against it. It was nice feeling him against me in the water like this. It was sensual, like we were both suddenly made of silk. He wrapped his arms around me, dancing his fingers up and down my abs. I could feel my own cock growing hard underneath the water, but so far Rob wasn't paying any attention to it.

He moved his hands up to my shoulders and started massaging them hard. I was a bit tense from working out and it was almost painful, but it felt so good at the same time. I could feel the muscles relaxing as he continued to rub them, working all the knots out.

I could tell that his cock was now hard against me. It was up against the crack of my ass and traveled up almost to my waist. I turned and smiled at him as he slid his hands back down onto my chest. He traced the outline of my pecs, and briefly moved over my nipples before sending his hands down under the water, grabbing my hard cock.

"You're enjoying this," he laughed.

"So are you." I laughed back, wiggling my back against his own hard member.

He stroked me slowly, not trying to get me off, but to get me excited. Under the water, his hands inspected every part of my cock, every vein, pulled down the forskin to explore the head. One of his hands cupped my balls and softly started to roll them around, lightly pulling on their sac. I was silent and content for a while, but soon started to make little noises.

I needed to give him some attention. I rolled over so that our chests pressed together. I kissed him deeply, pushing my tongue in as far as it would go. His own tongue wrapped around my own and I felt his hands grab onto my ass, holding me tight against him.

"I love you," he moaned when my lips left his and fastened onto his neck.

"Love you too," I answered, kissing the wet hollow of his throat.

I extended my tongue and traced it down his right shoulder. My cock was hard against his stomach, and I could feel my excitement increasing. I pulled his hands off my ass and raised them above his head. I pushed my face into his armpit, licking and pulling, enjoying the access I had to my beautiful boyfriend. I couldn't help but think of the thousands of people who must fantasize about being with him, touching his sexy body. But he was mine, all mine.

Rob moaned as I moved to his other armpit before sliding my mouth down to his nipples, which hovered just above the water. I took his left nipple into my mouth, biting it, feeling it expand in the warmth of my mouth. I licked across his chest, until I reached his right nipple. I slowly started to back away from him, my tongue sliding down his chest as I lifted his body above the water. I was between his legs, holding his ass, his cock raised out of the water. It was hard and warm from the hot water. He had obviously just shaved because his balls and the area between them and his ass was completely smooth.

I bent over and fastened my lips around the head of his cock, causing him to moan in delight. I went down on it halfway, whipping my tongue all over it. I pulled my mouth of off his stiff prick, and started to wildly lick it up and down, giving special attention to the head, working down the foreskin. Rob floated on his back, watching my every move.

I took a deep breath and deep-throated him. A look of satisfaction must have swept across my face as my nose brushed up against his damp pubes. I noticed Rob's abs crunching as I did this, and after doing it a few more times I pulled my mouth off of him and began an oral assault on his balls. He gave a high-pitched sigh as my mouth found the spot just above his hole, and started lapping at it like a kitten does to milk. I was still holding him up by his ass, and my fingers began to dance around his crack, eliciting further moans from above.

"Roll over," I said, pushing his body back into the water. I saw his green eyes beam at me just before he turned over onto his knees, placing his ass right in front of me. I could see his tight hole, tempting me, hovering just above the water. I reached over to the edge of the tub and picked up a new bar of soap. Dipping it into the water, I slowly brought it up to his hole, and slowly started to slide it up and down his crack.

"Ooooh," he moaned. "That feels nice."

Yeah, he was clearly loving any interaction with his ass, and I was more than happy to provide it. I slid the white bar of soap up and down him a few times, and then, without thinking, I started pushing the end of it up against his hole.

"Uuuuh," he yelped, but made no motion for me to stop.

I didn't know what I was doing, but I was getting excited by the level of trust he had in me. Keeping a tight grip on one end, I pushed the other end of the oval-shaped soap into his ass, watching the lips of his anus clamp around it, trying to push it out. Rob lowered his head to his chest, moaning softly, and I looked at the beautiful triangular shape created between his shoulders and torso.

After a few more strokes, I removed the soap and replaced it with my fingers. I slipped two, then three fingers deep inside him, moving the soap around. I opened him up and touched his prostate, causing him to moan loudly.

His ass felt tight and thick and I slid my fingers in and out letting his asshole relax more and more until I added my thumb as well. He moaned hard, as he enjoyed having his ass stretched out like this. I gently played with his hole some more and when I removed my fingers, I dipped his ass down into the water, rinsing the soap away.

"Damn, I love this shit," he sighed when I brought it back out of the water.

"I'm not done," I told him with a laugh.

"Keep going at it then," he said. "Do what you want. It's yours."

I spread his cheeks apart with my hands and pushed my face into his crack. My tongue found his wrinkled hole and started pushing to get inside.

"Ohhh fuck," Rob groaned, pressing back against me.

His hole was opened by my fingers, making it easy for my tongue to explore him.

After reaching as far as I could, I withdrew and started licking around his hole, feeling its wrinkly ridges, sliding my tongue from top to bottom.

"Ohh, it's so fuckin' good," Rob sighed deeply.

"I love doing this," I panted, going back in for more.

I always enjoyed rimming him, probably because I knew how much he loved it; I actually loved it even more when he was the one rimming me. It's something that both turned us on. I spread his cheeks wider and dove in deeper with my tongue. He moaned again and I saw his hand reaching for his cock.

"Leave it," I said, moving his hand away, wanting him to concentrate on the pleasure I was giving him.

"Ugh, you're driving me nuts," he moaned as he obeyed me.

I was resisting the urge to start fucking him, but I almost couldn't take it anymore. I kept rimming him though, feeling my own cock throb.

After a few more minutes of this, Rob pulled away from me. He grabbed the silicone-based lube he'd prepared and applied some on himself. Then he flipped around, straddling me and causing some water to fly out of the tub.

He maneuvered himself to trap my cock in the crack of his ass.

"I'm ready for you," he said in a low voice and smiled.

My cock, trapped between his hand and his ass was on fire, ready to explode despite the fact that I hadn't even been touching it. I smiled back, slowly pushed myself into him and he moaned. I could feel his ass gently grab my cock in the water, my previous work and the lube making it easy to slide inside him.

"Oh God," he actually laughed, his mouth opening widely as he threw his head back and started moaning, enjoying getting fucked in the water.

For the most part he kept his eyes closed, but occasionally he would open them and lean down to kiss me or to caress the muscles of my chest and abs. He would grab my hair and pull my head back to nibble at my neck.

Eventually his hand returned to his hard cock, and I started to speed up, thinking that maybe he was getting close. The water splashed out of the tub and we laughed because fucking a bit more roughly was maybe not the best idea, but as long as we were in this position anyway.

I pulled out of him and we positioned ourselves so that our cocks pressed up against each other.

We began a slow rocking up and down. He leaned down to passionately kiss my lips as he grasped both of our cocks in one hand and started tugging them together. My hands once again grabbed his ass, pulling him down onto me. Our rhythm quickened and I brought two of my fingers to his hole, working them inside.

"Oh yeah!" he panted. "Do that. Finger my hole."

I did as I was told as we started grinding against each other faster and faster. His grip was tight around our cocks and the sensation was quickly building to a climax.

"Oh God, babe. I'm gonna cum!" I panted.

Rob could only moan as he too, neared the end. I saw his neck muscles tightening as we simultaneously began pumping our loads into the water. We were both moaning wildly. The pressure of his hand, and feeling his cock against my own made my orgasm particularly intense. He bit down gently onto my shoulder as he continued to rock himself against me, waiting for his orgasm to subside.

We were both soon drained of energy, panting, holding onto each other like we were afraid to let go. I held his head against my chest, stroking his damp hair, telling him how beautiful he was. The candles were half melted and we both would have fallen asleep, were it not for our mutual fear of drowning. At this moment everything was as it should be. We were best friends and lovers, enjoying intimacy in a way I believed we could never experience with anyone else.

Ever so slowly we made our way out of the tub. We slipped on the bathrobes provided by the hotel and cuddled together on the bed.

"This was a cool surprise," I said, looking down at his head once again resting on my chest.

"I wish we didn't have to leave tomorrow." he replied.

"Me too," I said, suddenly feeling sad.

After a while, we got dressed and headed out to dinner. On the way to the restaurant, he suggested that we stopped for a moment on the private beach. The beach was deserted and as the sun was going down, the sky was a mixture of pink, red and orange, it was beautiful.

I sat on the sand and I rested my back against him as he sat behind me. We didn't speak for a moment and just enjoyed the last sunset in this little paradise, where we felt almost at home, after staying for a whole month in the place.

He was gently caressing my hand with his left hand when I felt him slip something on my finger. I looked down to see that what I had felt was a ring. It was a simple and discrete, probably white gold, man's wedding band.

I turned around slightly and looked at him with a puzzled expression, but with a slight smile on my face.

I opened my mouth to speak but no words came out as I felt completely taken aback. Until I smiled and let out a chuckle,

"Are you... Are you asking me...like...?"

He smiled at me, and let out a chuckle as well,

"I love the freaked out look on your face right now!"

"Yeah, yeah, I am freaked out!" I confirmed jokingly.

He laughed,

"I don't plan on doing the whole ceremony thing in front of the mayor, you know that, don't sweat it!"

"Oh ok!" I said with a sigh,

"You fuckin' scared me!"

"That was the plan." he said with a chuckle, "But...," he continued, the expression on his face and the sound of his voice getting more serious, "I'd really like you to wear this."

He looked deep into my eyes and said in a whisper,

"Because I'm yours, and because you're mine... and I want the whole fucking world to know that!"

I smiled as I gazed into his eyes. He sounded so sincere.

"Will you wear it?" he asked me softly.

"Of course," I answered as lovingly as I could.

I placed a soft kiss on his lips and said,

"You're amazing!"

"Well, I dunno, but if I am, it's thanks to you. You make me amazing."

He was still holding my hand and I felt him place another ring between my fingers that he must have been holding in the palm of his hand all along. I looked down and smiled. I took it between my thumb and forefinger and slipped it onto his finger.

We kissed again, with a bit more intensity this time as he held my face in his hands. When he pulled back, he pressed his forehead against mine and closed his eyes.

"I love you so fucking much Mark," he told me passionately and planted another soft but intense kiss on my lips and I felt exactly the same wave of lust rush through me as I did the very first time he had told me he loved me.

He pulled back and looked at the sky,

"The sun's gone. We should go have dinner," he said softly.

"Yeah!" I nodded, "Give me a sec though," I chuckled.

"Are you hard?" he asked with a grin.

I nodded,

"Alright... let's just keep watching the sun that is not there anymore!"

I rested my back against him again and he kissed the side of my face a little as he held me tight.

"Not helping!" I exclaimed and we just laughed.

--------

We left the Bahamas on the next morning. Once in London, we refused all interviews. We only accepted to be interviewed in our studio by a few music journalists near the end of the recording about the making of the record, but we refused any questions about our relationship.

We didn't play any live gigs, we only worked on new songs mostly during the week, and we would usually take the weekend off. We worked with a couple of charities, we did record a song with Rihanna in New York, and wrote a song with Bono's collaboration, we went on holidays a couple of times again, and this lasted for about a year.
