 I apologize in advance for the back-stories and slow pacing, but bear with the series until the real drama picks up. 

This is, so far, my favorite story... I hope it becomes a favorite to my loyal readers too!

*****

Most of my life, I'd been alone. I remember the day when the overwhelming feeling that there was no one left to protect me, came with the force of a gale storm. I was nine years old, me, my mother and father were on an ocean barge coming from the Americas to France. They never told me why at the time but I learned it had something to do with the UCAC and I was recruited from a very young age. 

So my parents did everything in their power to take me to France where I could then be sent to Finland. Things were going great until we reached the English Channel. It was a place where pirates were known to loot ships. Indeed, we got looted. That night, my parents fought with all they had to protect me, not knowing the looters only came for their rations. 

My mother and Father were both hardened people. Having grown up in Post War America made them hardened nonsensical behaviors and always about their business. That night, their toughness was their detriment, feeling the need to fight no knowing the odds. They gunned down before their only son, not knowing how this would inevitably scar me. It didn't dawn on me that they were dead until the ship crashed on the British shore. I crawled over to my parents, lying on the cold wet tarmac. 

"Mom.." I said, trying to shake her awake. She was as hard as a rock. I ended up flipping her over, mortified by her face. She had been stabbed in the temple and beaten so badly I didn't even recognize her. She was blue, having changed color due all the blood rushing to her face after lying there for so long. 

I fell back, screaming to the top of my lungs wondering what monster was this because it was certainly not my mother. I could see the corpse of my father hanging by a rail as the ship had capsized upon running aground. I crawled over to him, he too was stiff and mangled so badly I couldn't recognize him. 

I cried, and cried, not able to believe this was them. I waited inside that ship for hours, hoping they'd all come back somehow, not able to grasp the fact that they were dead. I didn't realize they were dead until, from hunger, I began exploring the ship. I crawled up to the cabin, reaching the cockpit. There the ship's Captain lay dead, bludgeoned to death, in equally bad shape as my parents. The more I searched, the more dead bodies I began to find. 

I'd go up to someone, thinking they were sleeping. 

"Hey!" I'd call out, but upon looking at their face, would realize there was something wrong with them. They simply didn't look human to me. Their faces were so mangled, I couldn't come to believing these slaughtered, dead people were humans. It was so disconcerting and frustrating to see what my mind perceived as sentient beings but not humans everywhere I turned. I cried so much, 

"I want my momma," I'd repeat. 

I was so hungry, eventually reaching the pantry deep within the ship. Upon opening the door, a dead body fell on me. I screamed and kicked, thinking I was being attacked. I pushed the the cook off of me and scrambled out of the ship. I hit the stony shore, scraping myself up badly. I looked back, seeing how it was riddled with so many dead folk...people that weren't responsive to the world around them... just gone. I couldn't quite grasp the concept of death then, but I knew these people were not themselves anymore... including my parents. 

I may was nine years old, but from the time I could walk and talk, my parents taught me everything they knew about survival. If I wanted food, I'd have to hunt and forage for it. If I wanted water, I'd have to dig and distill it. If I wanted to survive, I'd have to build shelters. But still, for a nine year old, that was too much. 

I eventually was picked up by some roving bandits, probably the same bandits that killed my parents. From then on out, I made my little niche amongst them and stuck with them until I was about eighteen. That is when the UCAC raided our stronghold and said I was one of theirs. Then I was forced to be a product of their military only to learn that it was for my greater good. Still though, I was a delinquent... Very, very hard-headed and was a lot more trouble than I was worth. I got beaten and shouted at so much, I was used to it. It all changed when I met Raul in the final stages of basics. 

He was a young Frenchman, the same age as I. He probably would have been my best friend throughout most of my life if events would have taken a right turn, but still I was grateful for him. He was a gorgeous, little something. He had striking blue eyes, fiery auburn hair and the greatest smile you'd ever see. He tended to be my voice of reason in this place, keeping me out of harm's way when I had a calling for some excitement. 

In turn, I provided him with excitement, he and I exploring our sexualities with each other. To me it was no big deal but I was the one to take Raul's virginity. Not only that, but I persisted to whore around while Raul only wanted one person and that was me. I often was sent on hit and run mission that carried me across hundreds of miles and back. Along the way, I'd fuck any and everything that was attractive and would go back and tell Raul about my adventures. He'd always smile and nod but deep down, it hurt so much. 

Then came the long a gruelling Italy runs. We had received a tip that the Revivalists had a major head of operations in old Venice. We Long Wingers were tasked with opening the door for the job and did so as planned. However it became quite evident that this was trap, to lure all of the UCAC into one area and lay waste to them. This was not a Revivalist nest but bait and lure from a massive Cobalt attack. The only one to figure that out was Tinnu as he saw insurgents surrounding the empty building we were in. However, he did not figure it out in time. 

Our second wing, Laggar, was shot by a high posted sniper and many of the Broad Wingers were gunned down too. We were left pretty much in an air versus ground battle that dragged out over the course of weeks as we were pretty much pinned down. What we needed were forces on the ground because us light weights in the air only were built to provide air support. But with the death of professor Aheem, we had to pull extra weight. 

The Air Core was known for it's hard work but the Marine Core, the ones with the firepower to stop this within a matter of hours held back, watching many of us die at the hands of the Cobalt Insurgents. It was so frustrating when they were the ones with the numbers, the weaponry and the intelligence. Maybe it was because they were the first team to be designed but didn't like that there was an Air Core? Who knows, but the man in charge of the Marine Core, General Harman was as twisted as a Chinese willow. 

What ever his end game was, he wanted to come out on top and quite frankly, we did not need someone like him in charge. He wanted death, especially if it could get him his way. Our General, General Aquil, often had to pull miracles out of his ass and this was no exception. He had to bring in a special team of Broad Wingers, the Roc Class. 

Basically it was a team of eight men, each over seven feet tall and over two hundred seventy five pounds, in cybernetic wing suits based upon eagles. The Roc Class all had wingspans well over twenty eight feet, each being platforms for powerful explosive weapons. His arrival turned the tides of this battle and we all fought our way out. 

The battle lasted two more weeks as insurgents kept pouring in, but under General Aquil's fist, no more Winger's lives' were lost and it truly was the first time General Harman's authority had been questioned. Of course, when all the bloodshed had fell, General Harman sent the clean up recovery crew to take care of the wreckage and the locals. 

The battle that lasted two months had an aftermath that lasted four more months. We couldn't leave until General Harman's work was done which was tough because, we didn't use the same resources as the Marine Core. Our rations were running low and we had dozens of mouths to feed. 

All I could think about was getting out of this hell hole and getting home to Raul, telling him about this shit! Upon doing so, I learned some very tough things. He had gotten over what we had, or what we didn't have. He was tired of the heartbreak and cut ties with me all together. We weren't even friends at this point and it felt like the little bit of life I did have was crumbling in my hands...it's particles being whisked away at the slightest breeze. 

I just wasn't my loud, brash and carefree self anymore. I just wanted that void in my life filled again and no one soul could replaster it except Raul. I loved him more than he could ever know. I just sat in my bed, thinking about him non stop. 

"DENVER!" A superior shouted. I sprung up to my feet, standing at parade rest. 

"SIR!" I shouted back unsure who it was. 

It was Captain Wallace, Lead Wing of the Long Wingers. 

"Everyone's looking for you! Go to the locker room and give your team a prep talk." He said, unsure why I was still in my barracks. 

"Will do sir." I said, making my way to the stairs. 

"And one more thing..." Cap began, "Don't come back here for the rest of the day...That's an order." 

"Captain..." I sighed, begging him. 

"What happened?" Captain asked. 

"Things are dead between Raul and I... I just don't know..." I sighed. 

"You're twenty four years old...take your mind off of love and think about the people who depend on you! Now, get down there and show them some love!" Captain said. He always could put a smile on my face. I nodded and headed down to the locker room. I walked past the Broad Wingers, the Roc Class and met my squad, all stretching for the long day of flying ahead. Marcell was the first to lay eyes on me. 

"Oh my God, why the fuck weren't you here?" He asked. 

"I guess I was a little bit more beat than thought I was." I laughed. 

"Wait," Milan began, "You're not flying with us?" 

"Not this time..." I said with a faint smile. 

"We won't need him..." Jarvis chimed in, not bothering to make eye contact. Milan turned to him, ready to give Jarvis a thorough tongue lashing. 

"Yeah you all won't," I began, "You have Everette and he's very, capable." Everette turned to me as he stretched. 

"You think so?" Everette asked. 

"Of course!" I smiled, "Just don't hold back kid! Not many Wingers your age can fly like that! You're a rare force!" 

Jarvis gave a quick glance at me, the brief eye contact speaking volumes. He was not enthused with what I was saying but again, held his silence. Everette too was surprised by my kind tongue, obviously hearing from Jarvis that I was not the nicest person. 

"Thank you and will heed..." Everette responded. 

Everyone was chattering, all except Liam who sat silently on the floor, stretching. I almost didn't notice him, there. 

"You alright back there?" I asked. 

"Yeah, I just want to get this over with..." Liam sighed. 

"Oh god, he sounds like you..." Jarvis murmured. 

"Well Liam, this right here will officially break you into the team. Don't sweat it. It's all fun and games, at the end of the day." Milan sighed. 

"We'll see when I get out there. I mean I am the smallest thing on two wings... If I get bumped out of the sky, I just get bumped out of the sky..." Liam said, sounding truly unenthused. 

"You realise you are the most agile flying Winger of us all right? If you don't want to be touched, no one can touch you. You also seem caught up on the fact that you're small. Well let me tell you something, us small guys pack the biggest punch! We can get into places bigger blokes cannot and get the fuck out just as easy. A bit of advice...don't be so linear when it comes to flying. Any and everything can work to your possible advantage out there. You just gotta keep that mind of yours open and learn to listen to Marcell! He won't lead you wrong... He's our intel for a reason!" I said. 

"Will heed..." Liam said. 

Jarvis looked at the little munchkin, spread out on the floor. He meticulously scanned him from head to toe with almost predatory intent. 

"Hmp," He said with a brief nod, before returning to being a douchebag. Something about Jarvis just made my skin crawl. He was the Starscream to Captain Wallace's Megatron, I swear!! I just hated that sleaze... 

"Ok," Marcell began, "At least be in radio contact with us!" 

"Nope." I laughed. 

"WHY NOT!" Marcell asked, growing frustrated. 

"I'm telling you, put a little faith in Liam and Everette. It could be kinda like how you and Milan have a big-little structure and use it well! The two are really young but I can promise you this! When they learn to work together the way you two do, they'll be a force unlike anything we've seen here at UCAC." I said. Marcell sighed, my words giving him something to think about. 

Jarvis eyed me threateningly, the statement obviously going against everything he was instilling in Everette. Everette turned to Liam who continued to stretch on the floor, giving him a brief nod and a smile. 

"Ok yeah, you have a point..." Milan chimed in, he too thinking about it. 

"In order for this to work, the two will at least have to have the same build mechanics and they simply do not. Subbu is built for aerial...meandering while Lanner is built for high speed coursing...much like Saker and I." Jarvis chimed in. This dude was simply nasty. How he was attempting to wedge barriers between the team made it clear he was here for his own agenda. 

"That's all science talk when I'm talking strategy. Milan and Marcell have very different builds but I can assure you that the two work together like butter on scones! What I'm saying is that teamwork is key to the success of anything we do, and that Milan and Marcell are testaments to that." I said back. 

"They also have seven years of experience together when Lanner went on his first real mission yesterday and Subbu has been attempting to be successful on these missions for the past eleven months." Jarvis said, throwing insults in as he nimbly learned how to do. 

"What you lack in agility in mid air, you surely know you make up for it with your smart as tongue..." Milan said, coming to Liam's defense. 

"Look," I said sitting between Everette and Liam, "Neither of you are going to get working together as a team right on the first try. But I can assure you that if you do try, you will grow as a team! Nothing is ever easy and nothing is ever concrete. But I'd recommend you pay attention to Milan and Marcell because they work in a way that keeps each other alive. Even on this team exercise, you will learn that there is no such thing as every man for himself. You are dependent on the man next to you and vice versa." 

"Yeah, I remember when Milan swooped down a flipped that boat when it was shooting at Marcell..." Everette recalled, warranting a snide look from Jarvis. 

"Not only that, but Marcell is our most valuable man on the field. If he's down, we're all at a disadvantage." I added. 

"Oh really?" Everette asked. 

"Yeah." I responded. 

"He's our intel. Without him, we know nothing, can do nothing and are fighting blind. I learned that the hard way yesterday..." Liam chuckled. 

"Yeah and mistakes are fine. As long as you recover swiftly and learn from them, it's all the matter. I know we can be a little tough on you but so is this world. We can't go easy on you and you get out there and ruin yourself... It has happened before..." I sighed. 

"What?" Everette responded. 

"You know the Broad Wing team is the biggest team... Well their training is a little lenient and they don't work on extreme variables. You were in basics at the time but this became all too evident when we have the Venice mission. Over half the Broad Wingers were out of comission over the course of the mission. We lost a man too...codenamed, Laggar. You are here to replace him..." I responded. 

"Well damn..." Everette said, taken aback. 

"I don't mean to scare you. And just so you know, you have no shoes to fill but your own. Laggar left a legacy behind but you must forge your own. Let this training exercise be the start!" I said, extending out my hand. He shook it, taking great interest in the words I said. I looked over to Liam, giving him a swift brow furl. 

I did the boy a grand favor, reducing the gap between him and Everette by a huge margin. Now, it was time for them to build a friendship that would stay with them for their entire military career. I did have my concerns though. Jarvis may have been defeated this once, but he truly had a gameplan. I bet it had something to do about concerns of losing his spot as Second Wing. All and all, Everette could rob him of it because Everette was a better flyer than Jarvis. 

Yeah I said it and will say it again! Everette was better on the wing than Jarvis and Jarvis knew this. Jarvis, though, had nearly a decade of experience over Everette which gave him the skill to combat Everette's talent. It was why Jarvis was attempting to get close to Everette. He wanted to get inside this boy's head, fuck around with him and eventually send him into ruin. Essentially, Jarvis was eliminating the competition. 

It was time for the team to be off. They stood up, all heading towards the hangar. As they left, I stopped Everette, grabbing him by his arm. He looked surprised, unsure what this would be about. 

"Hey..." I said. 

"Yeah?" He responded, full of uncertainty. 

"I want you to be careful around Jarvis. He's not a good guy at all and if you're not careful, you'll end up like Chance." I said. 

"Who's Chance?" The boy asked. 

"Laggar... Laggar died because of Jarvis. I'm warning you...steer clear of Jarvis." I said sternly. 

"That's funny..." Everette said. 

"What?" I responded. 

"He said you'd say something like this." 

"Look, if you don't believe me then fine. Jarvis will boil you so slow you won't even know the water's scalding until you're dead. I'm not here to scare you Everette but I do wish for you to heed my warnings. Stay away from Jarvis..." I responded. 

"He said that you only care about yourself," Everette said, snatching his arm away from me, "That you're not a team player, and that you'll do anything to get your way..." 

"He seems to have that mixed up with himself. Well as I said you were warned... Find out on your own, dammit and when you end up with talons in your back because you thought it was someone you can trust, I won't be there with an I told you so because you'll likely be dead...and guess who's gonna be responsible... Jarvis. The closer you get to him, the less likely you are to see it coming and quite frankly, he's clawing at your shins..." I sighed. 

"Well," He said looming over me with his chest puffed out, "Seems you're the one clawing at my shins. Jarvis was so right about you. He called you out so well..." The boy chuckled, walking away. 

"I'm sorry for you kid... You haven't even had a good run yet." I said, sitting down on the bench. 

"So now you're preying on the new grunts..." Someone said from behind. I turned, startled. It was Raul. 

"What? No..." I refuted. 

"Well it seems you just got shot down and took it up the ass..." He sighed. 

"Raul, that battle in Italy was no joke. We lost our second best flyer and it was no one's fault but Jarvis's. You weren't there! You didn't see what we saw." I said to him. 

"Wow..." He said full of skepticism. 

"Have I ever lied to you?" I asked, unsure where this lack of trust was coming from, "Have I ever told you anything that wasn't true?" He thought on it long and hard. 
