 "Hey," Rob called.

I turned around with a smile and he snapped a picture with his phone before quickly catching up with me.

He wrapped an arm around my shoulder and pecked my cheek. We were in the Turks and Caicos Islands again. We had spent a month here in January to start looking at villas for sale. We were in no hurry to buy a house of our own, but it was something we both really wanted to do so we were back again to spend a bit more time exploring the market, but more especially, to be alone together on this beautiful island that we loved so much to celebrate our ten-year anniversary.

"God, taken on the spur of the moment and you still look gorgeous as fuck," he smiled as he showed me the picture.

"If you say so," I said with a chuckle. "are you sure that you want to drive?" I asked before we got into the car.

"I'm sure. I don't want you to know where we're going yet," he said as he opened the driver's door.

I didn't insist on knowing more. He'd told me that he was taking me out to a very special place that I would love, had said that he'd take care of everything and that he didn't want me to plan anything for the evening.

All I knew was that I was going to have a romantic evening with my man and that was really all that I needed to know.

Once in the car, Rob began typing something on his phone.

"What are you doing, GPS?"

"No, this pic is just too good. I have to share this!"

He had this goofy smile on his face as he was typing and I understood that he was writing a caption for the picture so I waited for him to finish, eager to read it.

"Come on, let me drive!" I pleaded again, pretending that I was tired of waiting.

"Hang on, I'm almost done.... There," he said after a few seconds and put his phone down between the seats.

I smirked at him. I was too curious to wait so I immediately took out my own phone and opened Instagram. The picture was the first one that appeared on my feed. I had to admit that I did look good on it.

Then my eyes shifted to the caption that said,

"Taking this gorgeous boy out on a date for a special surprise tonight, because it's been ten years since he's made me the happiest guy alive. I love you so much, more and more every day, and I can't wait to call you my husband."

As I read it quietly to myself, it sent a shiver right up my spine and I looked up at Rob.

"Aww, babe, come on, aren't you the sweetest!" I smiled and leaned in closer to him to kiss the well-groomed three-day stubble he had going on, "I love you too," I said tenderly.

He wrapped his arm around my shoulder and pulled me close to him. He cupped my face lightly and placed a kiss on my temple,

"Love you more, baby," he murmured before he removed his arm and switched on the car's ignition.

I just watched him as he began driving and he turned his head to look at me. He smiled lovingly, knowing how I was feeling.

"Maybe you can at least give me a hint about where we're going!"

He shook his head no.

"Dinner?" I asked.

"Sort of...," he said, lightly shrugging.

I looked at him suspiciously,

"You're scaring me."

"I know I am," he smiled wickedly.

I eyed him up and down suspiciously, the Instagram caption making me wonder if maybe...

"We're not getting married tonight, are we?"

His eyes lit up and his lips formed a broad grin,

"Would you like to?" he asked with mischief.

"Well, I dunno. The thought just crossed my mind... that... it's something you might do...," I said hesitantly.

He laughed,

"Just the two of us, huh?" he frowned, "No, we're not getting married tonight, I want everybody to be there for that!"

My brows furrowed,

"You're so lying!" I exclaimed, studying the smirk on his face.

"We're not getting married," he repeated, looking at the road.

"Ok, we'll see."

We laughed.

Since there was no point in asking again, I concentrated on the picture and the comments while he was driving us to our destination. As usual, all the comments were very supportive and positive and I had a good time reading all of them. Most commenters were wishing us a happy anniversary, telling us that they adored us, that we were a great couple, or as usual, were telling us to get married and to adopt them.

After reading them, I looked out the window and thought about whether or not to post a comment myself, when, after a short moment, something he had told me ten years ago flashed through my mind.

I smiled to myself and began typing, unable to control myself from chuckling a little.

"What is it?" he asked.

"Hold on," I said.

I waited for him to stop the car and handed him my phone. He began reading to himself and then he smiled and let out a laugh,

"Excellent! Post it, I love it!"

"No," I answered and shook my head.

"Yes, come on, post it, seriously," he insisted with a grin.

"They won't get it!" I said.

"Sure they will. They'll understand it's some kind of private joke between us. See," he exclaimed happily, "this is why I love you!"

I let out a chuckle,

"Alright," I agreed and posted the comment.

"Dude, are you still living in that perfect parallel universe in which you're a rock star and I'm in love with you?"

--------

"Put this on," he said, dropping a sleep mask from the plane on my lap.

I stared at it dubiously,

"Seriously? You want me to cover my eyes!"

He just nodded with a grin and I resigned myself, getting excited that he was about to surprise me with something.

We arrived only a couple of minutes later and he helped me step out of the car.

After walking for longer than I thought we would, he told me that I could take off the sleep mask. When I did, we were standing in front of a large door and he was opening it with a set of keys.

I looked around and recognized the place immediately,

"It's the house..." I began saying and looked at him suspiciously.

"It is," he confirmed.

We had visited a few houses in January and this one was at the top of my list. It was absolutely everything that we were dreaming of and that we were looking for.... except for its price, All the villas we had visited were around five million dollars when this one cost almost twice as much.

We had half-heartedly agreed to wait until our next visit to see more houses and maybe find one that would be just as perfect for us but I kept wishing that this one might still be for sale and that maybe we would be in a better position to negotiate a lower price. Not that we couldn't afford it, but we understood the value of money and we didn't want to buy a house that was more expensive than what it was worth, even if we loved it.

"Rob...," I said, beginning to understand.

He pressed his chest against my back and wrapped his arm around my shoulder.

"Welcome to our own little piece of heaven!"

We stepped inside and I turned around to face him,

"Rob, you bought it?" I asked in disbelief but already beaming with joy, sure that he had.

He had the happiest smile on his face,

"I bought it," he confirmed.

Noooo!" I exclaimed cheerfully.

Yessss!" he nodded happily, looking so beautiful.

"Nooo!" I repeated, wide-eyed, as we stood in the large and very modern entrance,

"Oh my god!" I said as I passed my hand over the round marble table.

The house was still partly furnished. He let out a happy giggle.

"Are they leaving the furniture?" I asked him.

"Yeah, some of it. Basically, everything that's still here stays here now, unless we decide that we don't want to keep it!"

I sighed and passed my hand over my face,

"I can't believe you did this..."

He shushed me by placing his index finger over my lips,

"Yeah, I figured I just couldn't miss that look of pure happiness on your face!"

I smiled broadly,

"Babe! I literally couldn't stop smiling even I wanted to right now," I said, I placed my hands on the back of my head and stared at the high ceiling, feeling overwhelmed with joy.

"Are you gonna cry?" he asked with a grin, his eyes sparkling.

"I'm gonna cry," I giggled happily, a few tears of joy already forming in my eyes.

"Come here," he said tenderly.

His eyes were now a bit moist as well as he pulled me close to him and embraced me,

"You deserve it. We deserve it. And you wanted it!"

"I did," I confirmed with a happy chuckle, "Oh my god, this place is just so beautiful. I love it so much. It's perfect."

"It's not as perfect as you," he responded lovingly.

He held me against him and I nuzzled into his neck.

"Rob," I was practically purring, I pulled my head back and kissed his lips.

"I love you," he said, in a way that made me feel more complete and secure than I had perhaps ever felt.

"I love you, too," I murmured before embracing him again, "We're never leaving this place!"

He gave a sweet chuckle,

"Well, we're gonna have to... but ok, whatever you want, baby," he agreed with me.

For the next half hour or so, we took a tour of the villa and remembered everything we had loved about it during our first visit. Now that it was ours, we seemed to love it even more. It was just so spectacular, from the gorgeous contemporary look and feel, to the pool and the direct access to our own private beach, from its six beautiful bedrooms and bathrooms to the multiple terraces, the tennis court, the gym... and well... it was absolutely gorgeous.

When we got back to the dining room, I let out a small dumbfounded huff,

"I swear, if you had told me ten years ago that this is where we'd be...," I said in disbelief.

"I know, right. Life's pretty great, uh!" he giggled.

I shook my head,

"It really is!"

I pressed my chest against his back and hugged him tight against me. My lips gently started to tease the skin on his neck.

"Thank you so much, babe, I love the surprise."

He turned around and placed his hands on my neck before parting my lips with his tongue and kissing me lovingly,

"You're welcome. You know I'd do anything to see you happy."

I smiled,

"You've succeeded."

We looked intensely into each other's eyes and I felt a familiar tingling sensation in my stomach as he kissed me again, more passionately. I allowed his tongue to play with mine and he let out a small satisfied moan that told me he was enjoying our kiss a bit too much. And actually, so was I. We made out for a few moments until he reached inside his jeans pocket and I heard the sound of keys being tossed onto the dining table next to us.

I broke our kiss and looked at the keys before turning my attention to him again,

"You realize that table must cost 10,000 dollars or something."

He looked at the table and shrugged,

"Oh, yeah, that's true, sorry," he said and let go of me.

He picked up the keys but immediately let them drop on the floor in front of me.

"That floor looks pretty expensive too," he smirked. "you might want to get those," he teased.

I smirked at him. I knew what he was up to, and I was totally up for it as well. I mean, it was our ten-year anniversary... we were going to make love. We might as well start sooner than later and christen the place. I didn't know what he had planned for the evening, dinner I supposed, but at that moment, I only wanted him.

"My pleasure," I said, playing along. His eyes looked mischievous. I kneeled down to pick up the keys, but I didn't stand up again. My hand grabbed his calf as I pressed my face against his crotch.

"This table needs to be introduced to its new owners, don't you think?" I suggested.

"I like how you're thinking," he said.

I rubbed my face against the denim of his jeans. He just sighed as he felt my hands travel up to his waist and start to unbutton his jeans. He moved his hands to my hair and I swear, I could feel his fingertips almost burning with excitement.

I watched him close his eyes as he heard his zipper lowering. I slid his jeans off and slowly let his cock free and then my mouth enveloped him. I almost gave a sigh of satisfaction as I began nursing him to a full erection, giving myself over to the pleasure I was feeling. I just loved the fact that he was all mine, more so than ever before.

He became fully hard and I started to take him down to the base, my lips and nose tickling his trimmed pubes. He pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it onto the ground.

"You taste so good," I said, pulling off of his cock and starting to tongue his balls, pressing my face against them, licking at the area between them and his ass.

It seemed like we just felt so free to do whatever we wanted at that moment and it was amazing. He urged me off the ground, and I stood up, letting my tongue travel up his body until I was standing in front of him, pushing my tongue into his mouth. He gazed at me, a look of pure desire washing over his face.

"How do you want me?" I said, knowing how he was feeling, I brushed my face against his cheek and he reached behind me to pull off my shirt.

He smiled and resumed kissing me as he pulled off my shirt and almost frantically started to undo my pants. We rushed out of the rest of our clothes and next thing I knew Rob was laying back on our 10,000 dollars table, his legs hanging off the edge, his cock down my throat.

"Oh yeah, babe," he sighed, propped up on his elbows, watching my oral assault. His cock was so beautiful and smooth that it was truly a marvel just to look at, and I did stare at it for a few seconds. Of course, tasting it was even better so I moved up and down again, using my hands to play with his balls. I could taste him leaking more and more, and not wanting him to finish anytime soon, I moved my mouth away from his cock and started sucking on his smooth, round balls, while my fingertips ran over his tight stomach, feeling his muscles.

He sighed some more and let his back fall against the smooth wood of the table. I slowly started to raise his legs until his feet were planted on the edge of the table, his inviting hole right in front of my face. I tongued the area above it hard, assured that he liked it from the sounds coming from above. Slowly, my tongue made its way to his hole, and he shivered as I pressed against it.

"Fuck, yeah," he said as I began to rim his ass, nibbling at the sparse hairs around it, tracing the tiny ridges and valleys with my tongue.

I spread his cheeks apart wider with my hands, exposing more of his pink rosebud, and diving in deeper with my tongue. He moaned again and I saw his hand reaching for his cock.

"Don't touch yourself," I said, pushing his hand away.

"Ugh, you have to stop doing this to me," he moaned, his hands falling back down to his sides; that was true, I was always forbidding him from jerking off when I was giving him a rim job.

I kept rimming him, getting his hole nice and wet, feeling my own cock start to leak. I had been resisting the urge to start fucking him, but now I couldn't take it anymore.

"Are you ready, baby?" I asked him, standing back up.

"Do you really have to ask?" he smiled, looking up at me. I smiled back and brought my cock up to his hole. I could feel him pushing against me as I pushed into him.

"Oh yeah," he panted, his mouth opening widely as he pressed the back of his head hard against the table.

Feeling the heat of his body, my cock pushing against his prostate, I settled down for a nice, long fuck. Despite wanting him so badly, it felt like we had all the time in the world. His feet moved from the table edge and he brought his legs over my shoulders. I grabbed them, feeling the short hairs, kissing his calves. He kept looking and smiling at me, sometimes watching the muscles of my chest and abs move in conjunction with my rhythm.

Eventually his hand returned to his hard, wet cock, and I started to speed up.

"Babe, stop," he said suddenly.

I looked down at him and asked him if he was ok.

"Yeah," he said. "Just pull out for a second." I slid out of him and watched him sit up and lean over to kiss me.

I kissed him back, feeling his hands grasp my shoulders. He pulled me into him. Slowly I felt myself being turned and then I was on my back, taking Rob's place on the table. Although he was the one being fucked, I liked the fact that he could still make me feel like he was dominating me.

"I just thought I would do some of the work for a while," he grinned, straddling me and grabbing my cock.

He lowered himself onto me, staring at me in the eyes the entire time. With me completely inside him again, he leaned down to kiss my nipples and play with them. Then he straightened up and started to rock his hips back and forth, riding me like he was a jockey.

"Oh, God," I moaned.

The feeling of him bouncing up and down on my cock was incredible, I could feel my cock dripping steadily inside him, as his tunnel became more and more slick.

"Oh, you're so deep," Rob said. He was moving faster now, and I reached for his cock, pulling on it whenever it bounced down within my grasp.

"Yeah, baby. Ride me."

It was one of those times when not only were you loving the sex, you were just in general having a great time. There was a lot of laughing, in between the sighing and the moaning.

I tucked my hands behind his knees, marveling at how tight the skin was on his chest. He was covered in a light sweat, and I could see that the little hairs on his body were slowly returning from his last waxing.

He really started to slam himself against me, grunting each time, but looking like he only wanted more. I wanted to explode so hard inside him, but didn't want to finish until he was ready. He wiped the sweat off his brow with his arm, and then grabbed his own cock and started jerking it. I started to thrust against him.

"Oh yeah," he purred. "Fuck me, baby. Fuck the cum right out of me."

He was working his cock and his ass at a rapid pace and I knew I was soon going to have to cum whether I wanted to or not. His free hand started to pinch his right nipple hard and he started to make his familiar high-pitched, erratic sounds, the sounds I loved.

"Oh God, oh fuck," he cried, his orgasm building up inside him. Right before it looked like he was ready to burst, he released his cock, and threw his head back.

The cum began to pump out of him, hitting my stomach and dripping down his magnificent cock. I ground my teeth together as I came inside him, yelling out. He dropped his head forward to face me, grasping his cock once again and squeezing out the remaining cum. He continued to moan softly as I continued to lightly thrust inside him.

Rob leaned down and pushed his lips against mine, his tongue searching for my own. He laid himself down against me, keeping me inside him,

"I guess we should have been more protective of our table," I sighed, realizing that I had just ravaged him on top of it.

"It's ok," he smiled. "It's only money."

------

"You're probably hungry now," he said to me after I came out of the bathroom.

"Well, yeah, starving actually."

"Good, 'cos there's a delicious dinner awaiting us in the kitchen. Cooked by a pretty renowned chef, too."

"Are you serious?" I grinned.

"Of course."

I rushed happily inside the kitchen and opened the fridge. Indeed, everything was ready and only the main course needed to be reheated.

"Hell, yeah. That looks great."

"Shall we eat on our 10,000 dollars table?" he suggested.

"What if it just looks expensive, but really, it's only like a five-hundred-dollar table."

He laughed,

"Then, I got ripped off!"

We got everything ready and truly had a delicious and very romantic dinner. It was also a very talkative experience. We just kept talking about what we could do with the place in terms of design and new furniture. Then we took another tour of the house and bounced off plenty of ideas again to each other.

"We should totally hire a hot decorator," I said, raising my eyebrows.
