  WARNING: This story gets very graphic at points and if you have a weak stomach, I do not recommend you reading it. 

After this chapter, things will change a lot. I'm aware of the huge cast of characters which I'm trying to whittle down or use more creatively. Chapter 5 and 6 are finished and will uploaded as soon as possible.

*****

Not just our team stood to be debriefed this early morning. The Roc Class stood with us, eager to learn their role in today's mission. We stood at parade rest as General Aquil took his stance at the podium. He looked at us proudly.

"This will be a swift mission. You are to be shipped to the western coast of the British Isles. There, you both will fly to the rendezvous point, grouping up outside of the Spain Botanical Facility. The Roc Class will set up a perimeter and secure the area around the facility for three square cliques. Your job is to make sure this isn't an insurgent trap and to focus on ground threats. Once you can confirm that the area is secure, the Long Wingers will enter the facility and retrieve this," The General said as graphic came up of a rectangular computer being displayed, "A machine called a Mallet. It houses some important secrets about biological engineering that will allow us to take the next steps in producing the second generation of cybernetic humans. Your role in this mission is for the future of mankind!! Each and everyone of your actions will dictate the success of this mission. This will be our most important mission to date. Any questions?" 

No one raised the hands, all except Liam.

"What if this mission is somehow an insurgent trap, like what happened in Italy?" Liam asked. Everyone looked at the boy in certain rage. Of course he would be the one to ask such a 'dumb' question but the question was a blatant concern of mine. 

"It is precisely why the Roc Class is here. I have taken into consideration that this could be a trap which is why the Recon Wingers have been surveying the region for any suspicious activity. The Roc Class will secure the area and maintain area security. They will provide air support if needed. They will be ordered to fly around the area of action for the entire duration of the mission. Is that all?" The General responded. No one else had anything to say, "Since no, grab your packs and head out to the hangar for transport..." 

We did so, swiftly rushing to the Hangar. There, an airship was ready to be boarded. We wasted no time in entering the ship's bay, sitting in the designated areas. Liam looked at me with a smile, sitting just before me. 

"You sure this mission will be dangerous?" Liam asked.

"I don't know. I was told it would be... I just don't know." I said, truly perplexed. 

"Well I'm keeping my fingers crossed," Marcell chimed in, "My stomach is jittering like a motherfucker, man..." 

"Mine too..." Milan added. 

"Yeah, as of lately none of these missions have been going according to plan..." Marcell sighed.

"It's not my concern... My main concern is that this is a mission without Lead Wing..." I said. The four of us looked at each other, knowing we were in Jarvis's hands. It sent shivers down own spine. 

The bay doors began to close as the ship's engines powered on. 

"OK, I was looking at the ordinance for this mission and they were packing some serious incendiary drop offs. Why do we have bombs if we're simply going to be patrolling?" A Roc Class Winger asked.

"Hell if I know... What's this, our second mission? Let's try not trying to go in expecting anything other than the success of the mission." Another Roc Winger sighed. 

A huge dude, about six foot eight sat next to me. He was at least two hundred eighty pounds, nothing but raw muscle. Like me, he was multiracial and covered in character rich freckles. If I recalled right, he went by the name of Malcolm. He had the most perplexed look on his face.

"So you only have one intel dude on your team?" He asked.

"Yeah but we have another coming..." Marcell said, turning to face the young man.

"It's just crazy to me how you all are able to turn out such a success rate being the smallest functioning team of us all." Malcolm said. 

"It's all about communication and quick thinking." I smiled.

"Well, hopefully on this mission we won't be put to too big of a test." Malcolm smiled, extending out his hand, "I'm Malcolm, by the way." 

"I know," I said shaking his hand, "All the girls were screaming your name last night...figured it was you. I'm Denver... What part of the Caribbean ya from?" 

"I'm from Trinidad but I haven't been in so long I just about forgot what it's like... What about you? You seem to know how to move..." He smiled.

"I'm not really from the Caribbean but it was the last place I lived before I moved here. I used to live in the Virgin Islands." I clarified. 

"Eh, small world." He laughed. 

"Got any extra details on the mission?" I asked.

"I um, apart from seeing the incendiary ordinance, no." He said, sounding disappointed, "You?"

"I heard it'd be dangerous but I can't put my finger on why. It seems like there'd be nothing to cause a threat on this mission but my source is very, very trustworthy... My issue is that this will be a tight quarters mission and we know damn well we're not built for that. That was how we got fucked over in Italy..." I sighed. 

"Yeah that Italy mission was no joke. I hate it for those you lost but this time I'm going to make sure there are no loses..." Malcolm said.

"Are you Second Wing for the Roc Class?" I asked. 

"No, I'm Steppe... I do recon, practically a supersized version of Tinnu." Malcolm corrected. 

"Oh!" 

"Boots and I are recon. Empire is Second Wing. The Gold Triplets, VV, King, Spots, Shortie, and White are pretty much heavy duty." Malcolm continued. 

"I thought you were a team of nine..." Marcell pondered. 

"We have three Golden Wingers... We're more than likely to bench one or two." Malcolm laughed.

"I really hate the naming system. It makes having multiple wingers of the same type of Cyber Winger very difficult." I said. 

"Yeah. You'll find a way to get around it... we did." Malcolm smiled.

"How?" Marcell asked. 

"Numbers..." Malcolm chuckled.

"Welp..." Marcell said, feeling he should have suspected the answer. He then turned to me, "How precisely did you get details on the mission?" 

"I was in the Hangar getting some diagnostics ran on my suit. Got into a conversation with Dr. Helm. He's the one who told me it was dangerous but he didn't give me any details." I explained.

"Wait, how long have you know about this mission?" Liam asked.

"Not long, about three days..." I responded. 

"So Dr. Helm was the one who told you about the mission?" Marcell asked. 

"No... How I acquired the information can't be disclosed. Sorry guys." I smiled.

"AH..." Marcell growled, hating when he couldn't learn something, "You know how I hate being in the blind."

"Well we're all in the blind, guys..." I sighed. 

"I um," Malcolm began looking around, "Trevor!" 

"Yeah!" Another dude about six foot nine said back. Malcolm waved him over.

"You think you can link yours, mine and Marcell's spectrum array and adaptive tech?" Malcolm asked. Trevor looked at us tiny folk.

"Sure..." Trevor said back, "Let me guess, you're intel?" 

"Yep..." Marcell smiled confidently. 

"Alright, come with me. I wanna see what you're working with..." Trevor said, ascending to the upper levels of the air ship. Marcell stood up, being completely dwarfed by Trevor. Trevor was nearly a foot taller than Marcell. I watched the two disappear up the stairs.

The airship began to take off. Liam rushed over to the window seat, looking down as the ship slowly rose off the ground. Everette watched him, looking at the tiny boy from head to toe. He gave an eye roll and sighed. It was not a good sign at all. The boy seemed to be very torn and after the events of last night, I'm not surprised. Jarvis had succeeded in getting inside the boy's head and for the sanctity of this mission, this was... discouraging. 

"Ya know," Liam began, "I remember my first time inside one of these things. I used to be so afraid of heights... can you believe that?" 

"Yeah we can believe it..." I teased. It made Liam laughed.

"I don't know what happened. I just woke up one day and was like, hey, it's not so bad... and loved it." Liam responded. 

"Truthfully, it's a surprise to me because you're the most agile flier period..." Milan chimed in. 

"Yeah, he has the highest G-force resistance of any Cyber Winger in the force." I smiled. 

"Yet I don't fly like it... I hold back so much on the wing it's not even funny." Liam sighed. I sat next to him, looking out a neighboring window. 

"Well, don't hold back this mission... Slay us!" I smiled. 

"Ya know," Liam began, "Everette..." 

"What?" The boy asked, sounding aggravated. Liam looked at him surprised, unsure where this angst was coming from.

"We don't know much about you... I just have a few questions." Liam smiled, looking innocently adorable and cute and shit. God, how could anyone ever be irritated by someone that sweet? It truly made me want to throttle Everette for being such a douchebag. 

Everette simply, shrugged not really caring to hear from Liam. Not discouraged, brave little Liam geared to ask him some questions.

"Ok," Liam started, "Like...where are you from?" 

"Burgundy..." Everette said, being as vague as possible. It now became evident to Liam that Everette was not in the best of moods. Still though, the boy wanted to try his luck. I tried to hint at him by shaking my head but it was too late.

"Cool, I used to go to France when I was younger," Liam smiled, though sounding less enthused, "So, what do you do in your free time? It's like you disappear..." Everette stared at the boy, his cold blue eyes penetrating deep. Liam knew now to backoff. He threw up both hands, vacating the area.

"Thank you..." Everette said, very frustrated, "...bugging the shit out of me." 

Everette had me boiling in my skin.I gave him the most scalding look I could muster. He looked at me, growing cautious. It was the first time I or anyone here for the matter had gotten angry with him. But being angry was a very clear understatement. Everette was being childish and a poor team player and I for one didn't condone it. 

Jarvis sat back, the evermost faintest smirk on his face, steadily silent. I had it... for the sanctity of this mission, I got to my feet, embedding my gaze forever in Everette's mind. I marched up the stairs where the cybernetic suits were. I looked out the window, watching as the ship flew out of the sunrise. The silence was pure bliss but the thing was, it wasn't quite as quiet as I thought. There was some choppy and disconnected breathing coming from one of the tuckaways. 

Curious, I went to investigate, walking stealthily towards the sound. Homing in on the noise, I realized it was two people panting. Reaching for the tuckaway, I opened it surprised by the sight. Trevor had Marcell hoisted up on his hips, pounding away at him. The two stopped at the sight of me, freezing in fear.

"Guys..." I said, truly astounded. Both boys looked terrified.

"Denver, please..." Marcell begged. 

"Look," I began with a smile, "Your secret, is my secret... finish up." I closed the door behind them. I resumed staring out of the window. It was truly a shock that Marcell was gay... or what ever he'd call it. He hid his urges so well, I never would have guessed. However, I'm glad I found out and not someone else. It could have been the start of endless persecution from fellow wingsuit pilots. Considering how easily I stumbled across the two in the act, I had to stand lookout or something. If Marcell knew as much about me as I did him, he'd definitely do the same... I think. Hell, I didn't care. I just wished him for him to be safe. 

Two powerful arms planted on the windowsill around me. Startled, I turned swiftly, coming nose to nose with... Jarvis.

"Hi..." He smiled biting his lip. He leaned in to kiss me. I ducked down, crawling from under the huge man. This was so out of the blue and completely random, I couldn't even do anything except retaliate with volatility. 

"You've officially lost your fucking mind..." I said in complete shock. Jarvis slowly walked over to me, seductive as ever. 

"What? I want to get to know you, Denver..." Jarvis smiled. 

"No," I said, "You're up to something and I'm gonna find out what! The stunt you pulled last night, the way you have Everette wrapped around your finger...how you got this team divided... you're up to something, I know. I will tell you this though. Let someone else on this team get hurt and you just stand idly by like you're oblivious to it and I will come for you...HARD!!" Jarvis pressed up against me, pinning me to the wall.

"I want you to come for me..." He said, his voice tingeing with lust.

"Trust me," I said, climbing up, digging my toes into him deeply. I grabbed him by his shoulders, getting eye to eye with him. He was now very top heavy, making it very easy to redirect his mass. I now had him pinned to the wall, "You don't want me come for you..." 

"Oh but I do..." He said, grabbing my thighs, spreading them, pulling me even closer to him. He pinned me to the wall yet again, planting his lips on my neck. I almost sucumbed to his seductive power but held resistance. I knew what he was trying to do. He knew he couldn't speak his way into my head so he tried to sex his way into it. Quite frankly, it wouldn't work. 

I pried him off of me, going back to the window. Now that I knew what Jarvis tasted like, I didn't want it. It was something about being a diabolical, malevolent sociopath that made the eel shrivel up.

"You failed, Javis..." I said not bothering to acknowledge his pompous stance behind me, "I'm not Everette, easy to succumb to some gentle touches, caresses and brainwashing. I've known you for seven years... He's known you for about two weeks."

"That's where you've mistaken," Jarvis said, warranting a look from me, "You don't know me at all..." He disappeared down the steps. He knew he could send chills down my spine. He was just one terrifying dude but I am not one you want to terrify. I respond in the most volatile when you try to strike fear in me. Jarvis had just better hoped no one got hurt because I'd end him... 

The furthest tuckaway slowly opened, Marcell sticking his head out.

"Is he gone?" He asked me. I nodded. He and Trevor left the tuckaway, both looking frumpy and embarrassed to be within my presence. 

"Next time though," I began, leaning on the railing, arms folded, "Play it safer and do not fuck on an airship. Neither of you knew I was even here!" 

"Thanks for looking out for us, man..." Marcell sighed, relieved to know I had his back. I looked at Trevor, another giant wall of meat. I pointed to the stairs.

"Get your ass down there!" I snarled. The giant did as was told, leaving me and Marcell alone. I grabbed Marcell by the hand, so he'd stand next to me, "Wow dude..." 

"You're not pissed right?" He asked.

"No, no!" I said, "Not at all! I just never expected it."

"Eh...I feel so guilty. I shouldn't have let him..."
"You feel guilty? Boy it's your natural right to be sexually attracted to who ever makes your dick rise up! Don't even give me that..." I snarled.

"I come from a really conservative Italian household..." He said.

"And, your point is?" I asked.

"I mean... I don't want my father to be disappointed with me." 

"I'm gonna tell you this much! You're going to have to start being honest with yourself and acknowledge the way you feel about your sexuality so you can embrace your sexuality. You're twenty five years old! This is not a way to live your life... in denial." I said. Marcell's eyes began to well over, overwrought with a mix of emotions.

"You're gay to?" He asked. I nodded.

"It's been a struggle unlike anything you know but I had someone to talk sense to me from a young age. I can atleast do the same for you, ya know...stick my neck out." I smiled.

"Jesus, man you don't know how much that means...to me!" He said, reaching to hug me. I squirmed away.

"NO!! If you don't stop with the eye faucets!" I demanded. Marcell laughed, wiping his tears. 

"OK, OK..." Marcell smiled before getting serious, "But what the fuck just happened between you and Jarvis... I heard the entire thing!"

"Man... He's been trying to get inside my head for a while now but failed...so now he's trying to get within my pants in an effort to work his way in my head. I don't know his end game..." I said, laughing nervously.

"Sounds like he's getting desperate. We got to keep three eyes open." Marcell said.

"It's our best bet..." I said walking over to the stairs.

We headed back to the personnel bay, Liam glued to a window on the other side of the ship. I looked at Marcell, pointing to Liam. 

"He's?" Marcell asked. I nodded, heading over to the boy. 

"You alright?" I asked quietly.

"I fucking blew it..." He responded, Marcell sitting next to me.

"Man, if I were you I wouldn't sweat it! Just please have your head on your shoulders when this mission starts..." I begged. Liam looked at me, unsure why I was emphasizing this so much.

"I will." He said, realizing something must have happened, "Wait..." He spun around looking at Jarvis, shrugging in confusion.

"He took it to a whole nother level..." I whispered to Liam, "And Everette is caught in the middle. It'll be best if you keep your relationship with Everette on a completely duty basis only... He could be a danger to us all." Liam shook his head beginning to sigh.

"OK..." He said with no counter at all, continuing to look out the window. I felt so bad for the kid, knowing he had some pretty strong feelings for Everette. But if it was one thing Everette was good at was sticking with the plan. I just hated seeing him so down. 

About two hours of flying later, we reached Eastern England. Liam steadily looked out the window, not uttering a word. Liam was known around the base as a chatterbox, but for him to be silent...even Jarvis was unsettled.

"Attention," An automated voice said, "Wingsuit pilots suit up... ejection in five minutes..." Everyone got up, Liam steadily sitting for some odd reason. He was deep in his mind. I snapped my fingers in his face.

"Hey!" I said, "Come on kid..." He snapped back into reality, getting to his feet. We walked up the stairs, getting into our docking stations.

"Eeeew, there's gunk all in here..." Everette said, in the same Tuckaway that Marcell and Trevor had sex in. I couldn't help but quietly laugh to myself. I entered my tuckaway, the actuating arms suiting me up swiftly. 

"Subbu deployed..." The automated voice said.

"What?" I said, being caught off guard. I hit the bailout switch, being transferred from the tuckaway into a cylindrical drop. The door opened and I was in freefall.

Diving above the Atlantic Ocean, I spread my wings, heading towards land. 

"Computers, locate Subbu!" I said. 

"Homing..." The computer responded.

"Subbu!" I said out, hoping to make radio contact. He didn't respond.

"Location found." The computer said, his location being homed in on my HUD. I began to power towards the location, reaching landfall swiftly. 

Subbu was soaring above a huge settlement on the southern tip of England. It was a very lavished region, a massive palace sitting in the center with scattered villages here and there. A massive grape orchard sat to the north and a moor to the south. This was his home... 

"Subbu..." I said, powering over to him. Spreading my wings and tail, I caught a ride on the same thermal he rode. 

"I had to at least see it before I go on this mission... like, what if I don't return or something?" He asked. 
