 I had to upload this from my phone because my computer is being the spawn of Satan right now. 

I will be editing all the stories so far to make my them more coherent as a whole. 

Next on my roster is to complete Jeurridam as a whole. Also, the Jeurridam and UCAC stories take place at the same time to clear up any confusion. The stories are very intwined and can't function without the other. They will eventually tie into Dark Stag which will be the closing to it all... 

Dark Stag is further down the road than UCAC and Jeurridam and takes place about a year and a half after.

*****

It was all silent on the ship. Everyone sat still, the wait being incredibly ominous. None of us felt this type of daunting pressure since day one surgery, when we strapped to restraining beds and machines carved into our minds, implanting crucial cybernetic brain implants. Why was it all so tense? We were all about to take our graduation test and like all graduation tests in the UCAC, it was going to be brutal! The worst part about it, none of us knew how far this test would stray from the criterion. 

"So," Chase began, feeling the need to cut through the tension, "Tell us about the UCAC sect in Scandinavia." The boy sat across from me with a smile, the two of us finally becoming friends after fighting so much! Hell, we were two boys and equally as immature... We were supposed to fight like brothers... 

"I don't know. It wasn't very organized! It's not like this place at all, with rules and shit that people had to abide by. We could get away with a lot, back home and the main reason was because we had more jobs than just being Wingsuit pilots. We were cooks, mechanics, scientists, strategists, all while having to be Cyber Wingers... As a result, many times we had to suck up our hard feelings and get the job done and resources were ALWAYS limited. Yet somehow, strings were pulled and miracles were forced out of our assholes." I explained. 

"Damn, that sounds tough..." Coop responded. 

"Yeah but, it was like that from the time we got in. We were used to it." I laughed. 

"The Long Wingers often got it the worst. They are the oldest team, the team with the most experience, the most trusted team... just the all around go to team." Malcolm said. 

"Yeah we had a lot of drama on our team. A LOT! Were a damaged lot... I had trust issues and budding PTSD, our Second wing had very deep rooted issues and was a sociopath, our lead pursuiter was plain stupid, one of my closest friends died and one of my other friends was living a lie for fear of disapproval. I was trying to bridge all of it together and cracked under the pressure. It was a lot to bear, and it all ended up placed on my shoulders and I wasn't much of a leader. I wanted nothing to do with leading, only caring about myself. Things happened, things I'm not proud of but I wouldn't change for the glory of me, and I had to leave... It was abrupt... it was heartbreaking! Everything I knew got ripped apart... but it was all worth it. When I go back, I'm going to change so much...better so much. I'm just excited to see old faces again." I smiled. 

"Damn dude..." Chase said shocked. 

"People died left and right in the Scandinavica sect. Since it wasn't many of us there, we often got attached to a teammate...very attached. You should count yourselves lucky. You all have a big, organized operation with plenty of men to spare! We didn't... We had to do the jobs for ten men...each one of us!" Malcolm said before turning to me, "I can't believe you wanna go back to that." 

"I don't know...feels like family is there. If it wasn't for this place I wouldn't be able to put my past behind me or hold it off or what ever the hell I'm doing with it." I laughed. 

"Wait," Malcolm said thinking hard, "I remember you said the greenhouses were dangerous but didn't know why! You said Doc Helm told you, right?" 

"Doc Helm told me a lot of stuff, stuff he wasn't at liberty to say. If Captain Wallace was like my dad, Doc Helm was like my great uncle. He looked out for me the best he could without it being a detriment to himself. I'm sure he has a valid reason why he couldn't detail the greenhouse to us." I said, truly confident in the matter. But I still had my ounces of doubt lurking in the back of my mind. 

"Just telling us it was dangerous but not specifying why was no different from leading us in blind which is what basically happened." Malcolm responded, truly suspicious of Doctor Helm. 

"Doc Helm modded my suit just in time for this mission. He may have said very little but because of what he did, he saved all of our lives that day. Like I said, a lot of strings are pulled and a lot of times we got to suck it up and trudge through the water. Though I regret that day, how it ended, what I did... Doc Helm is the real hero there." I sighed. Malcolm nodded, now seeing the full picture. 

"Yeah, why would you wanna go back?" Coop asked, being very stuck on that. 

"I don't know... I kind of want closure because I left with so many doors opened. Every night I got to sleep, I keep thinking about my old team...even the idiots... But still, they were my team and I wouldn't trade them for anything. And to think I'm coming over here, facing the most brutal training of my life only to get a new team and not lead the team I left behind... Eh. It's just a lot to swim around in my head. I'd much rather have it the way it was when we were able to function remotely well as a team... than to deal with an entirely new set of wingsuit pilots whose real and codenames I'll have to learn, whose purposes I'll have to study and who I'll have to make feel they have a sense of belonging. Like if I could bring my old team here, it'd be a world of difference...it wouldn't be so daunting." I said, truly torn. 

"Ok, I get ya." Coop smiled. 

"God, I just hate having to learn all these aliases..." I sighed. 

"I can tell." Coop laughed. 

"So it sounds like you leaving was a mistake." Chase noted. 

"It kind of was. It started when," I said, realising how not talking about it for three months did nothing to erase the pain, "We had this mission in Southwestern England. We had to go retrieve a computer called a Mallet and we thought it'd be simple enough. It wasn't... Giant killer plants inhabited the facility we were in and eventually, one of our men got killed. His name was Liam, someone I was sworn to protect. He got snatched right from under us and chewed to death by a giant...plant. A fucking flower with teeth took him out and it was shit I could do about it. I watched him scream out and call for me but I couldn't do anything to help. So after the mission, which after that point...was kind of a blur, I reviewed the footage of the incident and Jarvis, the Second Wing, saw the entire incident unfold twenty whole seconds before we were attacked. It wasn't the first time he let this happen. He got our old Second Wing, chance, shot to bits by simply not opening his mouth. He saw the gunners, the first to see them but all he did was back away as they took sights at Chance. After that, I promised Jarvis that if another person got hurt and it was his fault, that I'd kill him. When Liam got hurt, I came after Jarvis hard. I failed the first time but got his ass good the second time! I didn't kill him though, I was dragged away before I could. It was then my superiors pulled a big cover up, told everyone I was going to Talc Asylum for PTSD when in actuality I was on my way to America. I did manage to tell my team to stay together no matter what, but still it felt like I was leaving behind the very people who needed me. All and All, General Aquil was pulling strings within strings. The man had so much stacked against him with the UCNC and their corrupt leader but he did me a big favor...getting me out of that toxic environment. I would have ended up hurting myself or someone else. I can't thank him enough." 

"Yeah, General Aquil was a great man. He was involved with any and everything, knew everyone better than they knew themselves and just had a way of getting things done in that shitheep that would make the proudest general here look like shit..." Malcolm said. 

"Wow, wait, so Jarvis was your superior... you attacked him, knowing the consequences. But General Aquil covered it all up and simply sent you away with no retribution... I like this man!" Shinny chimed in. 

"I mean, my best friend had died! I felt like I had nothing to live for! I mean it was like ten minutes of questioning my purpose in life and feeling like a failure, the ultimate failure but I bounced back." I laughed before getting serious, "And it wasn't simply for Liam's death. I beat Jarvis for hurting every man on the team. He...nevermind." I stopped myself, not wanting to talk about how he tried to plunder deep inside me. I clenched my eyes, holding back the rage filled tears that wanted to cascade out. Malcolm looked at me intently, sensing my rage. He placed a hand on my knee biting his inner lip. 

"Damn dude...didn't mean to dig too deep." Shinny said, feeling bad. 

"It's fine." I said, "I haven't dealt with any of this yet... I had to leave as soon as it got to it's worst." 

"Well, where'd you grow up?" Chase asked, trying to soften the conversation. I smiled. 

"If you really wanna see me lose my head, talk about my childhood. It was the most fucked up thing you'll ever have to listen to!" I laughed, still my eyes watering. 

"Oh sorry dude." Chase said, feeling remorse for intruding. It put so much into perspective for him, why I was such a hard ole' ass to be around. 

"One day, I'll have the balls enough to talk about it," I smiled, "But I had to do some things a kid never should have to do... I had to survive, man!" 

"Oh god..." Chase said, shocked. Even silent Dallas's eyebrows were raised. 

"My life was easy... I came from a settlement in the Potato Lands." Jonathan chimed in, laughing. 

"Also," Chase said, "You don't really have to know our personal names. Here Aliases are what you go by both officially and none officially..." 

"Really?" I asked, "That takes the pain out of my ass." Everyone laughed. 

"So let's get to the nitty gritty..." Malcolm said. 

"Yeah, that just reminded me," Jonathan said, looking at both Malcolm and I, "When are you two getting married?" He was the one always curious about our relationship. He was a pretty cool dude. 

Malcolm and I looked at each other blushing. 

"We would if we could but our duties placed us thousands of miles apart." I sighed. 

"And that's reason enough for it not to work just because you all won't see each other every day?" Jonathan asked, not like the way this sounded. Malcolm and I looked at each other, never thinking of it that way. His hand crept up to grab mine. 

"I still haven't learned the scope of my jurisdiction range yet. Who knows, maybe my entire team will encompass the arctic which would really make it much easier for us to be together." Malcolm suggested. 

"God, that'd be awesome." I said truly wishing this was the case. 

"You two should kiss now." Jonathan said, teasingly but creeping everyone else out. 

"NO!!" Chase quickly refuted. 

"Please don't..." Dallas begged, cringing. It made Malcolm and I laugh. 

"But seriously," Malcolm began, "We're about two hours away from our final mission... the only thing we've been told is that it's a crab scorpion. Do any of you know what that is?" 

Everyone sitting in the cargo bay shrugged, not knowing what they'd be facing...all except Dallas. 

"There's a crab scorpion on the mainland near where my home settlement is." Dallas said. 

"Well, describe it!" Malcolm said. 

"I just know it's one of the last titan class mechs. It's as tall as the trees and heavily armored. We've tried bombing that thing and it just walks away. Also that tail is like sixty percent of its entire length and very reflexive. Plus, even though it's different for each crab scorpion, it has a high density pulse beam as well as a skewer. It is no joke!" Dallas explained. 

"So it's too heavily armored to attack directly, it can shoot us out the sky and it can skewer us if we get to close." I noted, thinking hard. 

"Do you know any weak points?" Coop asked. 

"The only thing I can think of are those retractile optical sensors. They are armored too and I don't think they are linked to the sights on it's tail." Dallas responded, thinking hard. 

"Really?" I said, intrigued, "What about it's legs?" 

"They are like metal tree trunks. You'll hurt yourself going after them." Dallas said back. 

"Well boys, it looks like this final challenge... is well thought out." I said, ready to face it. 

"So, what do you have planned?" Chance asked. 

"We're going to scan the mech to get details on it's schematics and work from there. We might not be able to destroy it, but we definitely can disable it." I said. 

"Well, that's better than what I got." Chance laughed. He'd usually just wing it on these missions and hope for the best. I didn't blame him. He wasn't much of a strategist anyways. 

It came time to suit up. This time, the Aliases would stick with us, something I long wished for. We launched, entering the hot, muggy, southern air. We ascended up on a thermal, rising thousands and thousands of feet. 

"Ok," I began, "Swainson, Hen and I will locate and scan this mech. We will send you the details as soon as they render." 

"Alright." Snow, and Bat responded, Chance being Bat. 

Swainson lead the three of us over the swamps, knowing them well. He lead us right to the crab scorpion mech which sat, preening it's long arms, thousands of feet below us. It was oblivious to our presence. 

"Wow..." I said, "That thing is huge." The machine suddenly became alert. It had radios... This thing was definitely built to sniff out humans. It looked around on ground level, not knowing the threat was above it's head. 

"I didn't know that thing had radios..." Swainson said, startled. 

"I'm getting in closer for a scan." I said. 

"Bare careful." Hen, Jonathan, responded. He was that sole harrier wingsuit pilot, the ultimate Reconnaissance Winger. 

I slowly circled above the crab scorpion, getting thorough scans. Swainson and Hen pieced together the scans into something cohesive. It was a massive, three dimensional render of the mech. Our database cross-referenced it and found a detail sheet about this type of mech. The render highlighted all the key points, knowing we wanted to take this mech down. 

Ascending back up, I joined Swainson and Hen who circled above. We rejoined the rest of the trainees, miles out. The renders were sending as we flew back. 

"So what's the plan?" Bat asked. 

"Swainson was right. There are more sensory equipment than just optics. There's a radio receiver, and a strange light detection system on the tail itself. That light detection system is the very first thing that needs to be taken out. Shinny, Coop, can you cloak?" I asked. 

"Yeah." They responded. 

"OK, I'm going to take out both the light detection system and the pulse beam. One of you will cloak and target the optics. You'll only have one shot or this thing will be on to us." I said. 

"Then what?" Bat asked. 

"We try to cut at this thing. It's ranged weapons will be disabled so it can't shoot us down. However, even the legs are heavily armored. The weak point for the legs are these exposed hydrocarbon cuticle joints right where the mantle armor meets the legs. It's on the underside. It'd take a very nimble flying Wingsuit pilot to target those." I said. 

"I'll do it." Shinny said. 

"Very well," I responded, "I'm up!" 

I tucked in my wings, entering a screeching dive. The dual pulse beams were steadily charging as my HUD locked onto the target. The Ultra Spectrum array Doc Helm outfitted on this suit proved it's worth by normalizing the high contrast lighting under the canopy. With the target selected, I fired a concentrated laser pulse. The amount of energy the suit was outputting was heat inducing. With this very powerful stream of light rather than a quick pulse, I seared right through the tail of the crab scorpion, slicing off not only it's skewer but it's pulse beam and spectrum array system. 

I ascended up from my dive. 

"Scouts, do your thing..." I said. 

"Okay..." Shinny and Coop said together. They flew nimbly through the forest, weaving between trees like the oversized hawks they were built after. They watched the mech silently through the overlapped spectrum feeds, edging closer and closer. 

The machine sensed it was under attack but couldn't sense from where. It spun around trying to get a bead on an attacker. Shinny and Coop sped closer and closer, the machine not sensing them until it was too late. Both scouts clenched down on the sensitive optical lobes of the mech with powerful talons. The mech was now blind. The scouts got out of dodge, not wanting to see what a bling mech could do. They rose back up with the rest of the wingsuit pilots. 

"Now it can't sense at all what's attacking! Hammer it with everything you have! We need to get some of the internal electronics exposed..." I said. 

"You sure that's a good idea?" Bat asked. 

"Hen..." I began, "Do you have EMPs... hell does anyone have EMPs?" 

"I can make a makeshift one... I'll need the tail though." Hen responded. 

"Okay, Swainson... What is the area of armor with the highest tensile strength." I asked. 

"According to the schematic," Swainson said, reviewing the scans, "It's where the the armor forms a crease on the center of the mech's back! Why?" 

"Everyone!" I said, marking the coordinates on the map, "Bomb this point with quills! Don't time them to explode though..." 

I pulled in my wings, entering an insane dive. The mech spun around, still trying to figure out what was attacking it. The only thing it had now was short ranged radar which was not very reliable. I screeched by, flicking the suit with a powerful roll. Dozens of explosives quills launched, embedding into the spine of the mech. 

Wingsuit pilot after wingsuit pilot came down releasing more and more quills. The mech could feel the quills penetrate its body. It whirred out, spinning around wildly trying to locate its attackers the best way it could. It stood over the tail fragment Hen needed to get to, making it impossible for the young pilot to get to the ground. 

"Hen!" I said. 

"I can't get in..." He said, circling around frantically. 

"I got it!" Shinny said, landing directly in front of the machine. Its radar picked right up on him. It charged forth on those eight massive legs, crushing all in its path, "Shit!!" Shinny ran on those stilts making sure to keep distance between himself and the monstrous mech. 

"SHINNY!!" Coop called out, unsure what the boy had gotten himself into. 

"Hen you better get in there!" Shinny said, fleeing the pursuing mech. 

"Wait hang on, Shinny!" Coop said trying to get a bead on his partner. All on Coop's sensors was the mech blazing through the forest, uprooting trees as it went. Little Shinny was obscured by the rubble. 

"I'm alright Coop!" Shinny panted. 

Coop landed too, rushing to his friend's defense. He lept onto the mech, sending a powerful jolt of electricity through the machine. Its system locked up, causing the mech to fall. As it did, Coop took to the air. The mech landed on its back, the numerous quill embedded into the armor exploding. The nimble pilot barely was able to dodge the blast. 

Despite the wide radius of the explosion, the mech was relatively unscathed. However, it was flipped onto its back exposing the less reinforced underbelly. 

"Everyone bomb it now!" I said. 

"Its not going to work..." Swainson said. 

"Still we need to keep heat on that thing!" I responded, watching Hen land beside the tail. I swooped down beside him. Snow was right behind me, "No, you keep the heat on the mech! Keep it away from us!!" 
