 Almost a month has passed since I overheard my neighbors on their patio. Outside of work, all I do is fantasize about being with my them sexually. I have been very busy during that time trying to figure out a way to make my way into their sex life. I finally feel like I have built up enough courage to approach them about it. 

A few weeks ago, I ordered a standard size 6" vibrating dildo online and have been experimenting/practicing with it almost every single day. I have practiced sucking on it which was weird at first but I feel it has helped me get used to something like that in my mouth. It makes me feel silly doing this but I like to think practice makes perfect. I guess I won't know until I have a real one in my mouth instead of some rubbery hard plastic penis shaped object. I am also to the point where I can get the whole thing in my ass up to the fake balls on the base. I have had some really incredible orgasms with it in my ass on full vibrate while jerking off. 

I stopped jerking off 3 days ago in preparation for my first real gay encounter. I want to make sure I will be able to cum many times. Plus, if I am horny enough, maybe being easily aroused will help me not chicken out when the time comes. That is, if all goes according to the fantasy today circling around in my head. 

Over the past few days, I have been getting hard a lot fantasizing about what is hopefully to come. It has really been a test on my will power not to pound one out. Yesterday, I found myself getting hard in the middle of the day at work. I was sitting at my desk talking with a coworker and all of a sudden I pictured myself sucking his cock. I quickly started to think about something else. I couldn't believe the thoughts that were going through my mind. I wanted so badly to find a private place, take out my hard cock and let loose. After he left my office it subsided enough for me to get up and continue functioning normal. 

Last night was especially difficult for me since all I could think about was this morning and the possibilities that my morning jog would hopefully bring. I got out of bed at 5am, showered, dressed in my running shorts and prepared for my jog. Typically my neighbors leave on their jog between 615-630am. I wanted to time it right so I could walk out my front door "coincidentally" at the same time as them. 

I was ready by 530am and time seemed to stand still as I waited for 615am to come. At 618am I couldn't handle it anymore and went out onto my front porch to stretch. I was out there for a few minutes when I heard their voices as they came out their front door. I'm surprised I remembered to breathe because my heart seemed to stop when I heard them. It was on! I finished up my stretching and finally feeling composed, I walked over to them. 

"Morning guys!" I said as I walked up to them. "Great morning for a jog, huh?"

"Sure is. Doug and I were just talking about that. We haven't seen you for a while, how have you been?" Steve asked.

"I'm doing alright. Trying to get back into a regular jogging routine. Hey, you guys mind if I run with you today?" I asked. "I could use the extra push." 

They looked at each other and shrugged, "Sure why not." Doug replied.

After a little more small talk and stretching we took off at a slow jog. We'd talk on an off as we started jogging. After a few minutes, we warmed up enough to finally pick up our pace a little. This is when the talking dropped off. I easily kept pace with them. They didn't make me feel like I was intruding so I concentrated on my thoughts and my breathing as we ran. The silence was nice. It gave me some time to go over how I was going to make this really work. 

After about 45 mins we were almost back to the houses. This is when I started to get a little nervous. I wanted to invite them in for a cup of coffee and see how things progressed. It made me feel like I was a teenager again asking out a girl for the first time. I knew I was over thinking it but I couldn't help it. Fuck it, I wasn't going to go home without asking. What did I really have to lose anyway? 

A few minutes later, we got back to our houses. We were standing there talking about what a good run it was catching our breaths and cooling down.

Out of the blue Doug looked at me and asked, "Do you want to come in for some water or a cup of coffee? We always set our coffee maker to brew right as we walk out so we have a fresh pot right when we walk in the door. And we only buy the good stuff so you won't be disappointed." 

Trying not to look shocked because this is what I was about to ask, I said, "Sure, sounds good!"

We walked up to the front door and went inside. As soon as we walked in I was truly amazed at how nice everything was decorated and arranged. I had never been in their house but I knew they went through a major renovation a couple of years ago. It looks like they spent some good money.

"You don't mind taking off your shoes do you?" Steve asked as we walked inside. 

"Not at all." I reached down took off my shoes and socks as they did the same. Then we walked into the kitchen where the smell of fresh designer coffee had filled the air. 

"Feel free to take a seat" Doug offered as he pointed to a chair at the table. "Would you like water or a cup of coffee or both?"

"Both sound good to me. Thank you"

I watched as he opened the refrigerator pulled out a bottle of water and brought it over to me. Steve was over by the coffee maker getting out the mugs. 

"How do you like your coffee?" Steve asked. 

"Black is fine. Thank you." I answered. I watched as he poured all three coffees and brought them over to the table and sat down. 

We sat there and talked for a little bit about current events and the weather. After about 30 minutes or so I started to relax and open up to them. I don't know why but I told them about my failed marriage. I told them the only good thing that came out of it was my great kids. Before I realized it, almost 2 hours had passed. I had learned quite a bit about their relationship as well. I continued to open up to them. They now knew my wife was only the second woman I had ever been with and that I still hadn't found anyone since the separation. 

I learned that they met in college but didn't hang out very much. About 5 years after graduation and several failed relationships with girls later, they ran across each other at a mutual friend's party. They hit it off as friends and started hanging out again. To make a long story short, they got along really great as friends and eventually ended up as lovers. They have been a couple ever since they were 28 years old and they have never been with anyone else. 

This was all good information for me and boosted my confidence. I felt that if something did happen between us sexually I could let my inhibitions down and not worry about catching a disease. Finally, the conversation turned to the house remodel they did a few years ago. They talked about it and showed me all the upgrades in the kitchen.

"Hey! You want a tour?" Doug asked. "We did some really cool things to the rooms upstairs. We took down a wall to the room next to the master bedroom and built a huge walk in closet. Then, we rearranged the bathroom layout and added a huge shower and double vanities. We went as far as adding a heated floor under the tile in the bathroom and the shower. Come on, we'll show you" 

"All right, let's go." I said as we got up and headed for the stairs. 

Just hearing the word bedroom made the fantasy start in my head. I followed Doug out of the kitchen towards the stairs with Steve in tow. Doug was talking about the hard wood floors they had installed on the stairs as he walked. Following him, it almost felt as if I was walking on air. Like I wasn't really in control of my body as we walked. I really wanted something to happen but I had to time it just right. 

Now, I have never thought of a man's ass as sexy but I checked out Doug as he walked up the stairs. I felt like reaching out and touching it but maintained control of my hands. I felt something stir in my pants as my cock was responding to my thoughts. Great! Jogging shorts and hard ons don't go well together. I tried to think of something else as we went up the stairs. But it wasn't working very well. I was already half hard and it would be very obvious to even a casual observer what was going on in my shorts. 

Almost to the top of the stairs, I quickly shifted it around to try and make it less noticeable. Not sure if that was the best move because as soon as I touched it, it reached its full potential. Not knowing what to do, quickly and nonchalantly I tucked it into my waistband and tried to cover with my shirt as best as I could. I don't think either one of them noticed my little issue yet.

Finally, we reached the last step and top floor where I did my best to looked interested. I was still confident that neither one of them appeared to have seen me moving myself around. Yet I was still nervous because it was still very obvious I had a hard cock in my shorts.

We walked past a work out room and then an office. We didn't walk into those rooms but stopped at each doorway as he showed me the layout. I was in luck because I could positon myself to where my front wasn't visible to them the way we were all standing. The last and final room at the end of the hallway was the master bedroom. As we walked in it was quite obvious how much thought and design went into it. 

Steve walked past me and over to the nightstand next to the bed. 

"Check this out. He picked up a little remote and turned back around to show me. We can turn on the floor heaters in the bathroom at the push of a button. It takes less than 5 minutes to warm up." he said. 

That is when his eyes glanced down at my shorts and noticed the obvious hard cock in my shorts. He looked back up at me, made eye contact and quickly turned away. Doug also in front of me seemed to notice but if he did he didn't make eye contact.

"Come check this out," he continued. He pressed a button on the remote and set it back down. He then walked to what I assumed was the master closet.

As all three of us went in I noticed how huge the closet was. It had to be 12'x12' with closet organizers for shoes/clothes/belts/ties etc. on all four walls. In the middle was a small dressing table and a bench for sitting down to put on your shoes or socks. It truly was a nice closet. Steve walked to other side as he was explaining all the thought and design that went into it. 

He turned back to me and looked at my shorts again where no matter what I thought about, it wasn't even close to going soft. He looked back up at me but didn't look away this time.

"So what's going on down there?" he asked pointing at my shorts. 

It was at this point that Doug stepped around me to officially check it out.

"Wow!" Doug said. "I thought I saw something in there but wasn't sure."

This was it. This was my chance to fulfill my fantasy. I knew they wanted someone else in their sex lives. I had to let them know what was on my mind.

"I think I need to let you guys in on a little secret of mine." I said quietly. 

"Secret?" Steve asked. "What kind of secret?"

"Well..." I started to say but stopped. "...I have this fantasy of being with another guy and...Being around you two for the past few hours has kind of amped it up a little. I am really curious about it would feel or be like to be with not only one guy but two at the same time. "

"How did we bring out those feelings?" Doug asked. "We've just been hanging out."

"Again, I don't know what has come over me but I feel real comfortable around you guys. OK? I have this fantasy about having sex with another man. I've never had a gay experience but I get so turned on when I think about it...knowing you guys are gay I guess I have this fantasy about you two teaching me things."

They looked at each other and then at my shorts and then back at each other. It was almost like they made a silent agreement with each other.

"We might be game for this but besides your obvious hard on, do you think you would really be up for it? Is it really a road you want to go down?" Steve asked.

I thought about it for a minute. This was my big chance, if I didn't make a move now I might never get another chance.

"Would you like me to prove it?" I asked.

A big smile spread over Steve's face and he asked, "What did you have in mind as a way to prove it?"

This was the opening I had been waiting for. It was now or never. I took two steps forward, dropped to my knees in front of Steve. I quickly reached up to his waistband and stopped. He just watched me and kept smiling. He definitely wasn't going to try and stop me. So before I chickened out, I slowly shimmied down his shorts and underwear together. Once I got them down past his ass I let them just fall to the floor. He stepped out of them and I tossed them aside. I watched as he pulled his shirt off over his head.

I was now eye level with a still flaccid completely shaved cock. I was a little intrigued with the no hair thing and if at all possible, it turned me on that much more. I thought I saw it starting to swell. Before it got too far into the process, I reached behind his legs and slid my hands up his thighs to his butt cheeks. Then, I leaned forward and slipped my tongue around the backside of it and sucked it into my mouth. 

The first thing that hit my taste buds was the dried saltiness and muskiness of the sweat as my saliva reactivated what had dried on his skin. This turned me on so much. I swirled my tongue around the penis in my mouth and it went from soft to rock hard in about 10 seconds. I went from having the whole thing in my mouth to only being able to get about 3"-4" of it in my mouth which equaled about half of it. 

It was definitely a little longer and thicker than my 6" vibrator, plus it was really warm and soft. Keeping my left hand where it was I brought my right hand around and lightly squeezed it. Then, I started slowly stroking back and forth on the part that wouldn't fit in my mouth. He groaned when I did this. I felt a tingle in my stomach and it made me realize that I liked pleasing him like this. I kept my tongue moving and hand pumping as he groaned.

He reached down with both hands on either side of my head and guided me back and forth on this fuck tool. I looked up into his eyes as I sucked and I really enjoyed the look of pleasure I was putting on his face. I really enjoyed turning him on like this. I wanted to remember this first time forever. 

I noticed it was so slippery and silky smooth. I slowly sucked my way to the tip and twirled my tongue around it. I was rewarded with my first taste of precum. It just added to the slipperiness. My hand was now stroking back and forth on the whole shaft as I sucked on only the tip. I wanted to see it up close so I pulled my mouth off of it to check it out. It was beautiful. This was so much better than sucking on a dildo. 

I pointed the tip up and licked his hairless balls. Then I licked my way all the way back to the top where I continued to run my tongue down the top of the shaft to his hairless pubic area. I wanted to lick the area where pubs normally are with my tongue. I did and it was so smooth. I also picked up more of the saltiness the jog had left there. My tongue never left contact with his skin as I ran my tongue back to the tip. I moved back to get another close up view of it. I went back to stroking the shaft and saw more precum leaking out the end. I made eye contact again, leaned forward and pressed the whole flat of my tongue to the tip as I licked it off the tip.

I asked, "Did I prove to you I was serious about my fantasy? Was that good? Did you like that? " 

"I would have to say Yes. Yes. And Hell Yes!" he said as he looked over to Doug. "There is just one thing."

A little confused, I asked, "What one thing?"

He smiled and pointed over to Doug. "I think you need to prove it to Doug too!"

I looked over at Doug who was off to the side out of my vision. And I had to laugh a little. While I was busy sucking his lovers cock he had decided to get naked too. He was standing there watching us slowly stroking his already hard cock back and forth. Apparently, he was all in too! This was just way too cool. This was going along way better than the fantasies I had played out in my head.

"You want me to prove it to you too?" I asked.

He made eye contact with me and nodded his head yes.

I smiled mischievously and said, "Well then, come over here!" I said. 

I moved my left hand to Steve's cock and reached over with my slippery saliva and precum covered right hand for Doug's cock. I gently but firmly grabbed his hard cock and slowly pulled him over to our little party. He definitely moved willingly. I started to slowly stroke Doug's hard shaft where he also made a small moaning sound when I touched him.

Now his cock was completely different than Steve's. Where Steve's was smooth and silky, Doug's was full of surface veins. He was also completely shaved but the whole vein thing was very intriguing to me. I could feel them in the smooth part in my palm as I slowly stroked him. It was also about the same thickness as Steve's but about ¾ of the way down it started to thicken up a little bit where it was attached to his body. It reminded me of how a tree trunk gets bigger where it grows out of the ground. 

I couldn't believe the situation I was in. I now had a hard cock in each of my hands that I was slowly stroking back and forth. After a month of fantasizing, I guess you could say I was in cock heaven. Steve was in my left hand and Doug was in my right. I continued to slowly stroke Doug as I took Steve back into my mouth. This elicited another pleasure groan from deep within him. This drove me further to want to please them.

After a few seconds I pulled off of Steve's cock looked over at the other cock. I was about to put a second cock in my mouth in about as many minutes. I looked up into Doug's eyes as I moved in to close my mouth around the tip of his cock. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes as my mouth and tongue slid down his shaft taking in as much of him as I could. I could feel the veins on my tongue and my tight lips as they worked their way down his shaft. It really was an erotic feeling and by the sound he was making, I was pretty sure he had all the proof he needed.

I continued to suck on their cocks for the next few minutes. Moving from one to the other. I was loving this. My hands never stopped moving up and down on their shafts even when I was sucking the other one. 

I could feel my own hard cock straining at the confines of my shorts. At one point they started full on tongue kissing each other as I was sucking them. Just seeing this and the pleasure I was giving them kept me so turned on. Soon, I was developing a saliva string from cock to cock as I continued to suck. My whole lower face was wet and my chin was dripping onto my shirt. I almost needed a bib if I was going to continue this much longer.

I needed to touch myself. I was so turned on that I let go of Steve's cock to rub myself through my shorts. Almost like they sensed how I was feeling, they reached down and pulled me up with them. They took turns sticking their tongues in my mouth. I wanted to get naked too. I took off my shirt and wiped my chin. I dropped the wet shirt to the floor and dropped my shorts to my ankles and freed my throbbing hard cock. Now we were all completely naked. I felt Steve's hand grip my cock and his thumb expertly twirled the precum around on the tip. This felt so good!

"I am so turned on right now," I told them.

"I have an idea, follow me," Doug said.

Steve and I followed. Steve still holding onto my cock walked next to me as we followed Doug. I reached over and held firmly onto his ass as we walked. His ass was nice and tight.
