 "Hell yes!" he said rather quickly. 

But before he could move, I leaned over and sucked his hard cock into my mouth. I reached behind me with slippery fingers and stuck them in my own ass as I sucked. The saliva and cum was a very slippery concoction. 

He slowly lifted my head up and I looked him in the eyes as I two finger fucked myself. 

I stopped sucking and said, "I'm ready for you now!" 

Without hesitation, he moved around to get behind me. 

I pulled my fingers out, crawled forward up between Steve's legs and pushed him into a slight spread eagle position. I stopped when my limp cock bumped into his. I kissed him deeply as Doug spread my knees a little further apart lining himself up. 

Worried about how thick his cock was at the base I looked over my shoulder and said, "Go slow, I've never had anything that thick in me before." 

I wasn't worried about the head and shaft, I knew that part would fit. It was the tree stump base that had me concerned. I was afraid it would tear me open if he shoved it all the way in. 

"Don't worry, he'll be gentle," Steve assured me. "I still remember our first time. Just let him know if you feel pain."

I looked over my shoulder as I felt Doug press the head of his cock into me. He moaned as the tightness of my ass swallowed up the head of his cock. I turned back to Steve and stuck my tongue deep inside his mouth again. 

Doug slowly pushed in and pulled out a little bit at a time. The first thing I noticed was the tickling sensation the veins sent through me as he passed through my ass lips. It was like he was ribbed for my pleasure. I really liked it. 

He finally reached the point where he was more than halfway inside of me when I first felt the pain. I moved my body forward a little and broke away from Steve's mouth. I looked over wincing a little. Doug saw my look and realized he'd reached the max my lips would allow. He quickly pulled back.

Now that he knew my max he pushed back in and continued slowly fucking me back and forth. Going in just before the pain started and then pulling out. Every few strokes he went in a little further. The pain was there but very minimal as he readied my ass for his full girth. 

He WAS good. 

"Just let me know if I go too far." He said.

Not sure how many in and out strokes it took but finally I felt his smooth pubic area lightly touch my ass cheeks. The stretch was still tight but he did it! He stretched me out enough to fit all the way in and I didn't feel too much pain in the process. 

He pulled all the way out and slowly pushed all the way in again. There was stretch but no pain. I couldn't believe my ass could take the whole thing. I let him fuck me slowly like this for a while before I decided I wanted more. 

Even though I was enjoying the slow fuck, I wanted fast not slow. I wanted to feel him skewer me and split my tight wet insides.

"Let's really fuck...pound me fast and hard!" I demanded as I pushed quickly back into him. 

He grabbed me firmly inside my hips, pulled out quickly and slammed back into me full force. He did this over and over and over. It sounded like someone was clapping their hands as our bodies hit. 

"Oh yeah, you are so fucking tight!" he screamed as he fucked me.

Our rhythm was timed perfectly. I bounced back on his forward thrust and we pulled away from each other at the same time. 

Steve was even getting into it. I was getting bounced into him with every thrust and our soft cocks mashing into each other. His hands were wrapped around me holding tightly onto Doug's hips as he fucked me. 

Doug's stamina was amazing.

Our moving mass of three bodies had started making the headboard bounce off the wall. All you could hear was clapping and banging and grunting.

I wasn't sure how long this went on, but I was loving every second of it. Out of nowhere with one massive final push that pinned me down of top of Steve, Doug fell forward on top of me. I felt his muscles tense as he repeatedly pressed down onto my back.

"Ahhhhh...AAhhhhh..I cumming!" he moaned in my ear. 

I felt his cock spasm in me over and over as he shot his load deep inside. I realized we were all breathing and sweating heavily as he emptied his seed into me. With the convulsions finally stopping, we laid there in a pile as we tried to catch our breaths.

Doug was the first to move as he rolled off of me onto his back. I rolled the other way off of Steve and ended up on my back too. We all three lay there in silence for the next few minutes as our breathing and heart rates leveled out to normal.

I was exhausted. Everyone was quiet. Just like earlier in the shower, we were all deep in own thoughts. I looked over at the clock and it was a little after 3pm. I quickly did the math, we had been fucking for the past 5 hours or so. Time really flies when you're having fun. 

I was truly exhausted. My eyes were heavy...I needed to close my eyes for minute. So I did.

I woke up with a start. Disoriented I looked around the room. This wasn't my room, where was I? Why does my ass feel sore? Then it all came back in a rush. I was still in Doug and Steve's bed. I looked over and they were laying next to me still asleep. We must've all fallen asleep. 

I felt a tremendous wet spot under me. The cum had leaked out of me as I slept and pooled on the sheets. I reached down to check my ass hole which was slightly agap. I easily stuck a finger inside barely spreading my lips. I rubbed around the sore stretched out rim. 

He really had stretched me out good. I knew it would tighten up again but I was amazed at how loose it was. He really did have a big thick cock. I also noticed the small hairs and skin had dried with a hard cum shell underneath my body. I was a mess!

I looked over at the clock and realized I had fallen asleep for almost an hour. Should I just leave? What will I say? Thanks? Let's do this again sometime? 

I looked over at them and saw how peaceful they looked and I decided I should just leave. Slow and quiet I got up and went to get my clothes out of the closet. 

I quickly slipped into my underwear and shorts. Picked up my shirt and noticed it was damp still on the front from when I gave them those sloppy blow jobs. It smelled of precum and sweat. Oh well, I put it on and went downstairs.

I grabbed my shoes and socks and went out the front door. Quietly shutting the door behind me, I cut across the grass to my house. I looked across the street and noticed my neighbor and friend Jack was watching me from his open garage. I half waived and he half waived back. 

That is when I thought back and realized he had seen me this morning. I had been so preoccupied that I hadn't really paid any attention. I now remembered he was out front getting his newspaper when I met up with Steve and Doug. He was also out front watering his grass with a hose when we came back. 

My heart started to race. That means he saw me go into their house for coffee and not come back out until now!

I didn't look back I just kept moving forward to my house. I got to my front door and looked over my shoulder just as his garage door had finished closing. I stepped inside and quickly shut the door behind me. 

I leaned back on the door trying to catch a breath I hadn't realized I'd lost. As I stood there, I felt cum running down my inner thigh again.

Shaking my head, I quickly walked to the bathroom. Maybe if I sat on the toilet it would all finally drip out of me. As I walked into the bathroom, I saw myself in the mirror. My shirt was a mess. My hair was a mess. My face was covered with what I could only figure as dried cum sheen.

Holy Shit! I just did the walk of shame to my own house and Jack saw every step. 

I quickly splashed some water on my face and ran my wet hands through my hair. There! Not perfect but I felt a little more respectable - for a cock slut anyway! 

I walked over to the toilet, dropped my shorts and sat down. Instantly, cum started leaking out of me. I couldn't believe how strong the smell of cum was as it dripped out of me. 

I sat there for a few minutes before I heard a knock at the front door. Who could that be? Steve and Doug? Or worse...Jack?

Panicking a little bit, I wiped and flushed the toilet. I guess I had to go see who it was. 

I looked out the peep hole and my heart started racing. It was Jack. Fuck! 

What can I say about Jack? Jack is in his early 50's and married. Jack's wife Diane is good friends with my ex-wife. Over the years Jack and I have become good friends too. We hang out once or twice a week working on cars or just having a beer and watching a game. Jack hates gay people or "fags" as he likes to say. He refers to Steve and Doug as the fag neighbors. 

I watched through the peep hole as he rang the doorbell this time. I had to open the door right? Before I could remind myself what I looked and smelled like, I reached down and opened the door.

My slightly overweight and balding neighbor just stood there looking at me. I looked back not sure what to say.

"Uhhh...what's going on?" he asked.

"Not much, why what's up?" I responded.

"Well...from the look of things it looks like you just spent all day at the fags house. And to top it off you look like you have been...how should I say this? Looks like you had a rough night of sex but its daytime." He said.

Caught completely off guard I stammered, "I uhh..uhh I don't know..." 

"It's true?? You're a fag too? Diane is going to flip out when I tell her about this!"

That's when it hit me. If he told his wife, my life would be ruined! She would tell my ex-wife and that would be it for me. I mean I enjoyed the day but I'm not ready for friends and family to find out. I could deny it and say he is crazy but his story alone would raise doubt. I should have been more discreet and not been caught so unaware.

"Wait...what? Please...No...You can't tell Diane!" I said loudly.

He chuckled, "Oh yeah? Why can't I?"

"Please, let me explain myself. I'm the same person I've always been. Please...please come in. Have a beer with me and let me explain!"

I saw hesitation in his eyes. We were friends. He had to hear me out. I stepped back from the door and motioned him in. Hesitantly, he walked over the threshold and I closed the door behind him.

"I have some cold ones in the fridge, follow me." I said.

We went into the kitchen. I went to the fridge while he took a seat at the table. I handed him a beer and sat down opposite him with one of my own.

"I'm not sure what there is to explain, I saw what a saw and I see what I see. Jesus Christ, you smell like cum!" he said.

"Look" I stammered, "I've been in a weird place since the divorce. I haven't had much luck with any women and I've been kind of lonely..." I explained. I didn't know where I was going with this. I put my head in my hands and just shook it.

He laughed, "So you start sucking dick? That's the answer? Haha... I've never heard of anything so stupid!"

He was right he was never going to get it. Maybe I could paint a picture in his head.

"Ok...you're right! Ok. I was over at their house all day. I had a really eye opening experience. I...I...I did things with them that...I.."

His eyes got big as he listened. "What exactly did you do?" he asked.

I might as well throw it out there. "I did pretty much everything with them. They opened my eyes to a whole other world!" I said. "You always tell me your sex life is not that great anymore. You told me it's been close to 15 years since your wife has even given you a blow job! You also said you are lucky to get laid even once a month. Is that any way to live? Try nothing at all. That's what my life has become."

"So you sit here telling me gay is the way?" he asked. "You're so full of shit! Enough talk, I can't listen to this. I don't think I can be your friend anymore" 

With that he stood up and headed for the front door. I got up to follow him. 

"Wait, wait," I begged. I could not let him go and tell his wife.

He stopped, turned and looked at me. I was only a few feet away. "What else can you possibly say to me that would make me change my mind?" he asked.

"It's not what I can say, it's what I can give you." I said.

"I don't want your money, as a matter of fact I don't want anything you have!" he said. He turned and reached for the door handle.

But I wasn't talking about material things and I only had a small window to make my move. It was all or mothering! I stepped forward and grabbed his cock through his shorts before he could turn fully around. He backed up and hit the door. He took a swipe at my forearm with his free hand but I grabbed his wrist.

He had one hand on the door handle and I was holding the other by the wrist. He looked at me shocked. 

"I wasn't talking about money," I said. 

He was frozen in shock against the door looking at me. I gently massaged his cock. He got the idea now. I felt a stirring in my hand. I let go of his wrist as I felt his cock start to stiffen up in my hand. He put his now free hand flat against the door with his back and looked at me. 

It was very quiet all of a sudden. Heavy breathing was the only noise.

Apparently still in that window of opportunity, I grabbed his belt with my free hand and unbuckled it. He was either in shock or he wanted me to do this, I wasn't sure. But before he made up his mind, I wanted to take this to a point of no return.

I dropped to my knees in front of him, quickly unbuttoned and unzipped his shorts. I let them fall to the ground as I reached up into his waistband and pulled his underwear down. I let those drop down too. The first thing I noticed was all the pubic hair. I was surprised that he had a full bush, I mean even straight guys trim, right? 

The second thing I noticed was that he was as hard as a steel pole. His hard cock wasn't big and it wasn't small. He was the same thickness and almost as long as the 6" dildo I had practiced on. I needed to get him in my mouth before the situation changed out of my favor. 

I leaned forward and licked the tip with the flat of my tongue. As soon as my tongue touched his tip, he drew in a sharp breath and held it. I balanced myself with my left hand on the door as I brought my right hand up to his shaft. I slowly started pumping it. Precum instantly hit my tongue as I stroked him. I ran my tongue around the tip and kept pumping the smooth shaft. My saliva and his precum was getting it nice and slippery. 

I leaned forward and slid my wet slippery lips down his pole. I took him into my mouth as far as I could. He moaned as I did it. Yeah, he wasn't going to stop me. I started sucking back and forth like there was no tomorrow. His moaning grew louder and louder. 

At some point, he must've let go of the door because I suddenly felt his hands on the back of my head. He started pushing himself deeper and deeper into his mouth as I sucked. I didn't want to fight him on this and ruin the moment. I let go of his shaft and braced myself against the door with both hands as he face fucked me. 

He would pull my head forward and then push me off. Every pull forward he would go a little further. A little more than halfway the head of his cock pushed at my throat. Feeling his tip bottom out in my mouth he didn't me push me off this time. He just kept pulling me forward. 

Now, I had read up on deep throating. I knew that I had to relax my throat or I would choke. I wasn't sure if I was ready to do it or not but it didn't look like I had much of a choice. I didn't want him telling his wife anything about today. So in a split second I decided to go with the flow.

He pulled me closer a little bit more and before I realized it he was in my throat. Once he broke the barrier, my nose slammed deep into his thick bush. With my lips and nose buried in his pubs I realized I needed to breath. 

I took a deep breath through my nose. I smelled old soap mixed with a days sweat. I was really fighting the gag reflex. I could feel my eyes starting to water. But I went with it. After a minute or so I got it under control and my eyes stopped watering. 

Unaware with my learning curve, he just kept grunting and thrusting in and out of my mouth.

Soon, I felt my cock starting to get hard as I continued breathing in his masculine scent through my nose. I realized I didn't mind the big bush so much and this was a really big turn on for me. 

He was truly face fucking me now. Grunting. Short hard thrusts. His cock moving in and out of my throat. My nose was getting smashed into his thick soft hairy pelvis. I felt him tense up as he pulled me deep onto him and held me there.

"Oh yeah...oh yeah. Here I cum. Take my cum you gay bitch!" he yelled. 

And with that statement, he unleashed a torrent of cum deep down my esophagus. After two convulsions of cum, I started to gag. Instinctively I pulled my mouth completely off of his cock only to be rewarded with a thick shot of cum to my forehead. I took a quick breath as a second thick rope hit my nose and cheek. I quickly got him back in my mouth to be rewarded with the final few spurts. 

I continued running my tongue around the soft mushroom head until it finally stopped dispensing cum. I swallowed what was in my mouth and I continued sucking him as he caught his breath. 

I could feel him starting to soften in my mouth. I let him slip out of my mouth and sat back on my heels. I slowly rubbed my own hard cock through my shorts. I slipped it out the bottom and lightly stroked it as I watched him with his eyes closed, breathing slowly. He was thinking. We were both thinking. 

"So...?" I asked quietly asked.

"I'm not gay." He quietly responded, maybe trying to convince himself. "But I guess your little secret is safe with me, I won't tell Diane."

"Thank you." I said. 

I stood up and he opened my eyes. He looked down at my hard cock sticking out the bottom of my shorts. He stared at it for a long long moment with a confused look on his face. I silently willed for him to reach out for it. But finally, hopes dashed, he shook himself out of the confused state he was in and looked me in the eyes. 

He looked at his cum on my face. My inner slut wiped it with my fingers and put it in my mouth, just like I had done earlier. His eyes got big as he watched me suck on my fingers. 

"I'm not gay." He repeated. "I'm not." With that he bent down pulled up his underwear and shorts. 

"I know you're not." I said assuredly. But after what just happened, I was pretty sure he was at least bi.

He turned, opened the door and stepped out onto the porch and stopped with his back to me. He was struggling with something. He was going to have to work out on his own. 

Maybe I could help him out with it.

"You want to come over and watch the game tomorrow?" I asked. 

He hesitated before he answered, "Sure. I'll be here around 1 o'clock." Then he just walked away without looking back.