 "Let's rinse off and head into the bedroom." Doug suggested.

Slowly, we all stood up, turned all the nozzles on and rinsed off. I finished first, then Doug. He stepped out, grabbed a towel and handed it to me as he started to dry himself with his own.

"Why don't you guys go ahead and I'll join you in a few minutes." Steve said as he stood under the hot water watching us dry off.

Dry, we made our way into the bedroom. As we walked, I could feel Steve's fresh batch of cum slowly dripping down my leg. My wife always complained about this to me over the years. I wasn't going to complain, even if it was bothersome because of how much fun I had getting in there in the first place.

I reached back and cupped my ass so it didn't drip on the carpet and asked, "Can you hand me a tissue?"

Doug chuckled as he grabbed the top sheet along with the bedspread and threw them onto the floor. He reached down and pulled about 5 tissues out of the box and handed them to me.

"That's the only down fall," he chuckled again. "Here, shove these in there or it will drip out for hours. Just when you think it's all out, you sit down and all of a sudden more just seeps out."

I wiped up a little on my inner thigh and did as he suggested with the rest of the tissues. 

"Sit." He said as he motioned for me to sit on the edge of the bed. 

I noticed right away he was getting hard again. I sat and he got down on his knees right away in front of me. Not wasting any time he wrapped his hand around my limp cock and started gently rubbing and stretching it. My cock responded accordingly and quickly started to stiffen.

"I'm going to suck you until you get hard and then I want you to fuck me" he explained. "You good with that?"

Before I could respond he took me into his mouth. He truly was an expert cock sucker. The way he swirled his tongue and stroked my hard cock brought me such intense pleasures. After I was fully hard and turned on he pulled off my cock and looked up at me.

Still slowly stroking my slippery hard cock he said, "I want to ride your cock like a cowboy, scoot up all the way onto the bed."

Realizing I was going to get to fuck him, I quickly slid up onto the bed as instructed. Resting on my elbows, I watched him as he followed me onto the bed and crawled over me on all fours. Steve took this moment to walk out of the bathroom. 

"Oh yeah, perfect timing!" He said. I noticed his cock was semi hard again as it bounced around when he walked.

I laid back flat on my back with Doug towering above me on all fours. I wrapped my arms around his as he leaned down and kissed me deeply. I could feel his hard cock press firmly into my stomach as he put his weight onto me.

"Let me get your ass ready before I guide him into you Doug," Steve said. 

He dug my hard cock out from between us and stood it straight up so that my shaft was pressed into Doug's ass crack. I reached down and held it firmly in his crack as Doug slowly moved his butt up and down on my slippery shaft. 

I could feel Steve's tongue as it grazed my cock on its way to Doug's hole. I could hear him slurping away as he licked and sucked his ass hole. Doug continued slowly moving up and down my shaft as Steve tongue assaulted his ass hole. 

On Doug's downward motions, Steve would slip the head of my cock into his mouth and swirl it with his tongue. He was alternating from my tip back to Doug's hole depending on access. Doug's ass sounded and felt very slippery after a few minutes of this.

Satisfied it was ready for me, Steve pulled back and grabbed onto my shaft again giving one last stroke and suck. Doug arched his back a little as Steve guided my cock to its destination. This time when Doug applied a little downward pressure the spongy head of my hard cock easily slid between his ass lips. He stopped with only the tip inside me and looked me in the eyes.

"Nobody except Steve has ever fucked my ass," he whispered to me. "Are you ready to be my first in a long time?" he asked.

"Yes." I answered as I leaned up, pulled him to me and kissed him. 

I felt his ass lips slip tightly around my cock as he slowly slid down my shaft. He went all the way down in one motion. Now this was all new to me too. I have never had anal sex with a woman before. His ass was tighter pussy. His insides engulfed my cock with a wet tightness I have never felt before. He stayed impaled on me and didn't move. I felt him tighten his groin as his insides gripped me even tighter. 

I reached between us and gripped his hard cock and started to stroke it back and forth. "Ride Cowboy, Ride!" I said.

And just like that he bounced forward and then slowly slipped back down on my hard cock. He started riding me to the tip and back down to the base. I let go of his cock and grabbed onto his ass with both hands. He would pick up speed with his downward thrusts and his hard cock would slap my belly. I was so turned on. The sensations I was feeling were intense. My cock was in heaven feeling the tight slippery wetness inside of him. 

He rode me like this for a few minutes before he sat upright and put his hands on my chest. He moved back to front like this for quite some time. It was so slippery and wet and yet tight at the same time. I realized I was going to cum. I didn't want it to end but suddenly I realized no matter what I did I couldn't stop it. I needed to feel release in this tight ass. 

And cum I did! It was so intense I screamed out a loud sound of pleasure. I pumped my seed deep into him as he continued to move around on my spewing cock. I tried to stop him but he was too strong and he just kept going. With my heart racing faster than ever before, I grabbed onto him and rolled us right over. We landed in the missionary position where I had more control and could finally put a stop to it.

Cock spent I pulled back and laughed. "I thought I was never going to get you to stop. Nobody has ever made my heart race so fast!"

"I wanted to make sure you were satisfied" he chuckled. "Did you enjoy yourself?"

I fell back down on top of him and kissed him deeply. I felt Steve move on the bed and slide in next to us. All of our faces inches apart.

"That was the hottest thing I have ever seen!" he said to us. "My cock is so hard from watching I think I'm going to need a little help with it." We moved bodies tightly into each other as our mouths and our tongues met. 

Sloppy tongues everywhere, hands roaming and bodies grinding everywhere. We were a big writhing mash of flesh. Doug and I reached for Steve's hard cock right about the same time. We both pumped up and down on it as he moaned. 

Steve was the first to break away and rolled over onto his back. He scooted to the top of the bed and propped himself up on the pillows. He slowly started stroking his cock. We knew what he wanted without being told. Doug and I moved into position to suck his cock. I was on the left on all fours, he was to the right on his elbow and side leaning into it. 

I don't know why but a dirty feeling came over me in this position with my ass in the air. I was naked with two other guys. What am I doing? Who am I? What have I become? I was crawling forward on all fours practically drooling to suck a hard cock. I felt slutty. The tissues had fallen out at some point and I could feel some fresh cum dripping down my leg but I didn't care. Let it drip. I was a slut now.

Our mouths reached out to his shaft and both of our tongues lashed out as we slowly assaulted him. Doug moved into position first and started sucking him. I watched him suck and lick as I stroked his shaft while licking his balls. I patiently waited my turn. I watched up close as Doug sucked greedily on Steve. I was getting antsy for my turn listening to the wet slurping noises. I really enjoyed sucking cock.

Finally, Doug pulled off and pointed it in my direction. I quickly sucked down greedily on it as far as I could, stopping before I gagged. I bobbed my head up and down as Doug pumped the shaft. We had a good rhythm going together. 

"Oh yeah, that feels good!" Steve panted.

I could tell he was getting close. His breathing had changed and his body was tensing up. I wanted to taste his cum soo bad. I moved faster up and down on it. Doug didn't seem to mind at all that I was hogging up all the cock. He actually let go and my hand replaced his on the shaft. He just watched in fascination as I sucked and stroked his lovers cock. 

"I'm gonna, I'm gonna..." Steve blurted out loudly.

And just like that his cock spit a delicious load of cum into my mouth. I didn't swallow the cum this time like I did Doug's. I stopped moving my hand and just kept sucking and bobbing my head up and down the slippery shaft. With my mouth now full, I loosened my lips and let it slide down the length of his shaft to my hand.

With a tight grip on the shaft, I moved up to the tip and sucked on it like a straw. I got a little bit more out as he convulsed a couple of last times. He moaned and pulled my head up off his cock and looked at me. 

"You're a mess!" he laughed and smiled at me.

As I smiled back, I could feel cum dripping out at the corners of my mouth and off my chin. I looked down and noticed it was all over my hand too. I brought my hand to my face and licked it clean. Then took two fingers and swiped up on my chin and scooped up what I could into my mouth. 

It was at this moment that I still felt cum running down my inner thigh and realized that his cock had cum in me twice that day. I am so slutty. I proceeded to scoop around my chin and the corners of my mouth and push it into my mouth. I sucked and licked my fingers clean.

"You missed some," he said as he reached over and swiped some off my cheek into my mouth with his fingers. I sucked his fingers clean too.

"Mmmmm, so good!" I purred and looked back down at his deflating cock. "It seems I've made quite a mess down there too, let me clean it up."

Still on all fours, ass in the air, I leaned back down and started licking and slurping up the cum that had made it past my hand. I licked around his cock as I sucked up my treasure like a shop vac. Again, I felt so dirty and slutty. I soo loved it! 

All done with my clean up, I looked up and over at Doug who had watched me intently as I cleaned up his lover. I noticed he was rubbing and stroking his hard veiny cock. He was the only one left who still needed release. I wanted to be fucked again. I wanted to know how his thick cock would feel inside me. 

I wiggled my eyebrows at him and motioned to my ass with my head. "You ready to fuck me now?" I asked him.