 Just three days after delivering a box that had been delivered to me by accident, I saw him at the gym. I saw him when I was changing after my workout, he was just arriving. I wish I had known his name. The name on the package was a woman's name. 

"Hi, I'm Brian." I introduced myself.

"Hi, how are you doing today?" he responded. 

"I'm good."

Our eyes met and locked together. I needed more from him. 

"Shave your body from your neck down and come to my house in two hours." He instructed. "The door will be unlocked. Come in and place all of your clothes on one of the chairs in entry. Then come back to the bedroom. I'll be there." He walked away heading to the exercise equipment. 

I felt flushed deciding not to go. He wouldn't even tell me his name. I drove home and went inside. I went into the bathroom and started the shower. I picked up a new razor without really thinking about it and got under the hot water. It was already steaming up the mirror when I stepped in. Suddenly I realized the unconscious action of taking the razor in. 

"Ok, this doesn't mean you are going to his house. It's just shaving. I'm just going to shave my face." I thought to myself. Maybe I said it out loud. It didn't matter, the house is empty. I shaved my face. 

"There. Done." I thought. I put the razor down and started washing my arms and underarms. 

"Hmm, they are really hairy even though the hair color is light. I'll shave my underarms." And I did. 

"Oh, that's soft and smooth." I thought, feeling where the hair was shaved. I admired it for a minute. I noticed there was now a noticeable line on my arm where I had started shaving. I shaved my arms and the bit on the back of my hands. 

Rinsing the lather off gave a completely new sensation. The water ran off quickly and gave an erotic feeling. I decided then that the rest had to be shaved too. I started with my shoulders. It was easy. I'm lucky there wasn't any further down my back. I moved to shave my chest and stomach. The water now felt soft and wonderful running across my skin. I continued to shave around my cock and then over my hips. It was a little tricky but I did my ass completely. My cheeks felt so smooth rubbing together. I shaved my sac before making my way down my legs. 

When I was done my skin felt so soft and smooth I was amazed. My cock was as hard as it has ever been. I wanted to give it some attention but resisted knowing it would be better to have him take care of me. 

"Oh damn, I'm not going to his house. Stop thinking about him." I had to tell myself. 

I dried off and started putting moisturizer on. My skin felt amazing without the hair. I pulled on a clean shirt and shorts. I checked the clock seeing I had thirty-two minutes to get to his house. 

"Damn it, I'm not going to him. I need something else to think about. Maybe I'll go get a coffee." I headed out to a coffee shop. I sat after the barista handed the iced black coffee over the counter. I really needed something to cool off. When I finished it I walked out to get in my car. I started the engine and saw I had four minutes to get to his house. 

"You are not meeting him." I said out loud while making eye contact with myself in the mirror. His house was half a mile away. I realized I chose this coffee shop because of its proximity to him. 

"Uhh! How do you have this power over me. Why am I here close enough to make it to you. I'm not going." I thought. I reached down to move my shoelace that was rubbing my ankle. My arm brushed over my leg reminding me how soft my skin felt. 

"I need something today. I shouldn't do this." I drove to his house arriving exactly when he said to. I parked and walked to his front door. It was open as he said it would be. I took off everything placing it on the chair as he instructed. I walked to his bedroom to find him standing, waiting for me. His chest and legs still covered with hair. I felt a warmth run through me. He looked really good, sexy even. I can't say that I've ever been attracted to a man before. I don't recall ever thinking or feeling that a man looked good. I know I've never found man sexy besides him. His masculinity is doing something for me. This guy is hot.

"Come to me." He commanded. I walked to him standing a foot away. He reached to my hands taking them to pull me closer. He leaned in touching my lips with his. He moved his arms around me pulling me tight to him. My head was pushed back while he aggressively pushed his tongue in my mouth playing with mine. His chest hair brushed between us as our bodies pressed together. My skin was sensitive feeling each hair he pressed on me. Our thighs pressed together giving me the same feeling on my legs. The feeling was almost overwhelming my senses. When he let me go I had to take a moment to remember where I was. 

He led me to a chair in a sitting area attached to the bedroom. He sat instructing me to kneel in front of him. I obeyed before resting my hands on his knees. His legs spread voluntarily. I started kissing his legs above his knees. I moved my mouth up his thighs feeling his dark hair with my lips. 

I was staring at his cock. I put one hand on it gripping him lightly. I moved my hand up and down its seven inch length. My knuckles were brushed by his big shaggy bush. I watched his hairy balls shift as I moved the skin on his cock. It was hypnotic to see, though I didn't need to be hypnotized to be here. I leaned in to take his cock in my mouth. I took just the head in my mouth tasting his precum when it touched my tongue. I played with the soft head of his cock before taking more in. Halfway down his cock felt so good. It felt so erotic having his cock fill my mouth. The head pressed to my throat. I could feel its warmth. I opened my throat, sucking his cock in until I felt his balls on my chin. His bush tickled my nose. I swallowed feeling his cock squeezed in my throat. I heard him moan. Somehow this felt so good to accomplish. I needed air so I pulled back keeping just the head within my lips. Taking a few breaths I played again along the front of his cock. His moans motivated me to continue massaging his cock with my tongue. I took his cock down my throat again. I started rhythmically bobbing my head on his cock. Every time I took him until feeling his balls touch my chin. When he started moaning louder I reached out to hold his balls. I cupped them while taking his cock. 

Quickly after holding them I felt them being pulled close to his body. His moans increased in volume and I felt his head swell in my throat. I pulled back to collect his cum over my tongue. I rubbed his cock with my hand as he started shooting his cum. The warm silky cum was great to feel. When it covered my tongue I understood that I had missed this feeling since the last time he came in my mouth. I had longed for it without realizing my desire. I savored the flavor and feeling in my mouth for as long as I could before having to swallow.

After swallowing I moved up his body. I kissed his stomach and chest. I tongued each nipple before kissing his neck. I stood up enough to lift his balls and put his legs together. I wedged my legs between the chair and his legs to straddle him. He leaned his head back and I put my lips on his. I felt his tongue part my lips. I met it with my tongue playing with his as we kissed again. After many minutes kissing he broke away. He directed me to the bed and I obeyed. 

He laid next to me and I rolled to face him. We kissed again while he pulled me to straddle him. He picked up a bottle of lubricant from the nightstand as I moved over him. I lifted up as he lubricated his cock. He handed the bottle to me and I lubricated my hole. I squirted some inside and massaged it around with my fingers. I took his cock aligning it to my entrance. I held it in line as I pushed on it. His head slid in stretching me. I stopped for a minute to adjust to his thick size. I bent down kissing him again. I could feel the hair on his hips and legs rub on my clean shaven thighs as our kiss became more passionate. I felt completely submissive and under his control even though I was on top. 

I allowed my ass to sink down taking his cock in. I felt every bit of the texture of his well lubed cock slipping into me. I sucked on his tongue as his cock bottomed out in me. I ignored the pain of his cock stretching my ass, concentrating instead on the feel of it pushing on my prostate and the feel of his skin against the ring. I lifted up to slide down his cock again. The pain was subsiding so I did it again. I sat up straight to sink down as far as I could on his cock. It felt so good with my shaved ass resting on his hairy legs. His hands moved to feel my thighs. His strong fingers felt good rubbing my skin and massaging my muscles.

I rode him faster until his hands gripped my legs and he warned me he was close. He asked me to slow so I did. I sat still for a minute on him before pulling off to lay on my back next to him. I pulled his pillows down to support my ass, raising it a few inches. He took the queue moving between my legs. He lifted them forcefully before resting them on his chest. Oh, his gloriously hairy chest felt so good rubbing on my smooth calves. He aligned his cock with me sliding back into my ass. He bottomed completely pushing in fast and hard. It pushed the air out of me and it took a few seconds to recover. He pushed in hard again. His cock rubbed harder on my prostate as he started stroking my ass. His cock stretched me more with each aggressive stroke in until I felt my climax rising. The tingle was spread from my balls taking over my body. I felt my ass contract on his cock when he grabbed my cock. He pumped it once before pulling the skin tight and aiming it over my stomach. 

He pumped my ass one more time forcing me over the edge. My cock throbbed as it shot my cum over my body landing on my neck and chest. I was lucky enough to have one squirt land over my lips with a small drop falling in my mouth. I could feel my ass continue contracting on his cock. He started pumping my ass again. I could tell his goal was different now. He was trying to cum in me. The look on his face and his quickened breathing hitting my face told me he was close. I pulled my legs closer so he could go as deep as possible. His pace cut in half as his moans doubled. I felt his cock start to pulse as he shoved it hard into me one more time. He kept it deep in me while depositing his cum. It was so satisfying when he did. I felt complete. 

He relaxed resting his furry chest on me. The warmth from his body was comforting and reassuring as we laid there. I felt a drop of his sweat run down my side. He lifted his head to mine kissing me again. When he pulled back his cock slipped out. He looked at the clock. 

"I have to get to an appointment." He said.

"Ok. Can we meet again?"

"Yeah, I'll be at the gym same time tomorrow. We can get together after." He said. He then went to take a shower. I stood up and walked to the foyer. I was naked walking through a man's home that was nearly a stranger. I felt a drip of his cum run down my thigh. It shouldn't have felt as amazing as it did. I pulled my shirt and shorts on again. I saw mail on the side table with the name Frank on it. It must be his name. I slipped on my shoes and walked out to my car. I started it and sat for a minute. I started to have doubts about doing this with someone I hardly knew until I moved my foot to the brake. The slippery feeling between my cheeks changed that quickly. I can't wait to see him tomorrow.