 This story is purely fictional and is based about a eighteen year old teenager named Dylan who discovers for the first time his passion for sucking cock. Once again, this is PURELY fictional and has absolutely no ties to me other than my fantasies. All characters are fake with few visual references to some of my gay or bi friends. If you find this offensive I'm sorry, but this is what I currently fantasize about. The Mark who will once again show up in Part 2 is bi but in the closet, Dylan is bi, and Jake is straight but with a fetish for messing around like he's gay. Please comment and give feedback, this is my first erotic story though not my first writing piece. Thank your for reading and I hope you enjoy.

Warning, the following story has language of a frank and explicit nature, reader discretion is advised ;).

Un-insomnia

"This house is disgusting!" I thought to myself as I picked my way through the jumbled mess of dirty clothes and toys that made a significant part of the hallway floor. As I did this I couldn't help but be grateful that it wasn't my house. Had it been, I would have killed myself rather than endure the back breaking labor cleaning this place would have taken. I reached the end of the hall and turned left, walking into the only room in the entire house that was clean.

Mark, unlike the rest of his family, has always liked his room clean and organized. Or so he tells me. But as it had been my first time coming to this house, I couldn't verify whether or not his assurance is true or false.

I decided it didn't truly matter as I walked across the room and headed towards the only bed. "As long as I don't have to watch out for some stupid toy I'm good." I whispered as I climb onto the bed. I tense as the springs groan under my weight, but Mark is deeply asleep. His face looks peaceful in sleep, a look that entirely evades it while he's awake. The light snore keeping in sync with the rise and fall of his chest confirms what his face says. He is sound asleep, no longer the tossing and turning boy he had been half an hour ago. Unable to sleep I had fled to the messy living room, where my other friend ― Jacob ― rested completely unaware that I was less than an arm's length away.

But the living room was hardly any better than Mark's room while he is restless. The floor too is covered in trash and clothes, the only couch big enough to actually sleep on completely occupied by Jake's long, skinny body. I had brushed away some of the mess and sat down on the small clear spot I had made, knowing that I will have to wait until Marcus completely falls asleep. Insomnia my ass! I think. Mark had about as much insomnia as three toed sloth.

I stared at the large TV screen, muted, but with the subtitles in black letters on the bottom of the screen. It took me a while to realized that I'm watching a useless and stupid sitcom. Disgusted, I stood up and looked around for the remote.

A small red glow caught my eye and I turned to look at it. Jake was lying on top of half of the remote, the button on the bottom glowing but the signal not making it to the TV. I quickly reach for it and tugged. Jake mumbled something and turns so that his body is facing me.

My hand froze where it was, still clasping the remote. With his new position the front part of Jake's lower body is right by my hand. I swallowed, the sound wet and loud in my own ears, but I knew that Jake won't hear it. I tugged at the remote and pull it free, but not before noticing a small twitch by his zipper. Jake's mouth fell open and his light snore filled the silence. My hand seemed to develop a mind of its own as I sat there staring at Jake's crotch, the outline of his cock visible even through the tough, faded blue denim jeans.

So slowly that it begins to shake, my hand moved closer, until it was pressed right up against Jake's cock. "This is crazy." I thought to myself as my fingers explored the line of the zipper, feeling along the ridges until I came to the head. I pinched it between my thumb and forefinger and pulled it down. The zipper slid down easily, making almost no sound as it traveled down.

My breath began to come in muffled gasps, my hands began to shake slightly as I reached in and felt for the shaft. My hand struck something hard and yet soft at the same time. Jake's cock, still veiled by the cloth of his boxers.

Slowly, making sure not to make any movement too rough, too sudden so as to not wake him up, I felt around for the opening in his boxers, the gap was so big that even his balls fell out, and pulled out his penis. It's long and thin, about 5 inches in it's un-hardened state.

My mouth began to water as I stroked it, brushing the head with my finger tips. It twitched and hardened when I rubbed the head with my finger. I grasped it with the finger tips of my other hand and began to rub the head in smooth circles.

His cock quickly hardened as I did this, the opening of the head beginning to ooze pre-cum, wetting it and making it slippery. I stopped suddenly and watched in amazement as Jake's hard, pulsing cock rested in my hands. Long, thick, and juicy, my mouth hungered for it, it needed it. I lowered my head, securing my grasp on the shaft and gently licked the head, tasting the slight saltiness of the juices coating the bright pink head of his dick.

I felt my cock begin to get hard as I continued to lick Jake's cock, my tongue sliding up and down the delicious shaft, feeling the slight outline of the veins, the erotic throbbing of blood through the long, hard penis. My lips moved back to the head and I kissed it, sucking a little at it, taking in the delicious pre cum.

A slight moan escaped Jake's lips and I froze, my eyes widening in horror. Has he woken up? I asked myself. I lifted my terrified gaze to see Jake's peaceful face, his mouth slightly open and his slight snore keeping time with the rise and fall of his chest. No, he's still asleep, I decided after a minute of horrified silence. I opened my mouth and took in the head, caressing it with my tongue, and then taking in more. My head began to bob up and down, my lips moving along half of the shaft, his cock too long to get into my mouth. I take in as much as I can, the delicious pink head touching the back of my throat. After a few minutes of doing this Jake moaned again but stayed where he was, and I continue to suck his long delicious dick.

Jake's hips suddenly lunged forward and he unknowingly shoved his cock deeper into my mouth, going so deep down that I accidentally gagged on it. I pulled it out, worried that the unexpected movement had caused him to wake. I leaned in closer to his face, close enough that I could feel his warm breath on my face. Slowly, I lifted one of his eyelids to see his eye. Blue, vibrant, but unfocused, Jake was as deeply asleep as a person in a coma.

I let go of his eyelid and let the tips of my fingers travel down the length of his face, down his jaw line, up to his lips. I leaned in and gently pressed my lips to his, softly so that he wouldn't wake up. I withdrew after a second and let my gaze shift towards his body, and to his exposed, wet penis.

My hands reached for the top button of his shirt. The button undid easily, after all his shirt wasn't of very good quality, the buttons sometimes undid themselves while he was just walking. I undid all of them, my hands becoming secure as I realized that Jake wouldn't wake up, and then undid the button of his pants, opening it and lowering his boxers so that the loose hem was below his balls, showing his pubic hair.

I opened his shirt, exposing his muscular yet slender torso , and caressed his chest, the faint outline of his abs, my fingers traveling to his beautiful brown nipples and rubbing them until they hardened. I kissed his right nipple tenderly, nibbling on it just slightly with my teeth. My tongue traveled down his body, rotating around his belly button and pausing at the trail of brown hair that led to his rock hard cock. I let my lips travel the rest of the way, catching my breath when I felt his pubic hair tickle them.

Once again I took his cock into my mouth, savoring the delicious, slightly salty flavor, slurping up the pre-cum that kept building up on his cock head. I got to the point where I was almost too noisy, someone should surely have heard. But there was no one there besides Jake, Mark, and I. Jake moaned and I peaked in ecstasy, the hand that wasn't preoccupied gently rubbing his sack stroking the part of his shaft that I couldn't fit into my mouth.

I did it gently, making sure the movement wasn't too rough but still pleasurable. Jake moaned again and his hand, previously located against his right thigh, moved to his chest. Finally, after I almost cummed from just sucking and stroking his hard, delicious cock, Jake's body stiffened and he released a jet of white cum. I struggled to swallow the huge amount the pink head had released, but I wasn't experienced, and what I didn't swallow slid back down his shaft and into his pubic hair. I bent my head and licked up his cum, making sure to get all of the delicious white cream.

With my left hand gently stroking his stomach I jerked myself off with my right one, having taken out my rock hard cock while I had been sucking him. I stood up just before I cummed and pointed my dick in Jake's direction, and busted my nut on his stomach. Despite having just cummed, my cock was still hard as I bent down and licked my own cream off of Jake's stomach. It didn't taste as good as Jake had, but I still enjoyed it. 

When I was done with that I returned my attention to Jake's cock, but despite my best efforts it stayed soft, a simple and unsatisfying five inches.

He was done, but I wasn't. I wanted more, I needed more. The need was so strong it was almost painful. I hid his dick and closed the button on his jeans, zipping the zipper back up so that he wouldn't suspect too much. Then I buttoned just one of the buttons on his shirt, he wouldn't question that too much. I then stood up and taking one last look at Jake, walked back the room where Mark was now hopefully lying restfully, completely unconscious.