 *All characters in this story are above the age of 18 years old*

*This story was inspired by and written with the permission of redbeardedsf. The characters and situations involved are from his story "The Ultimate American Boy Contest." He is a writer of excellent slave boy erotic fiction. If you are Nifty enough you can read his stories, and get a better understanding of Indentured Servitude and the slave boy industry. All Hail Lord Red Beard!

*****

Billy still could not believe what was happening to him. Just yesterday he had been favored to win the latest season of "The Ultimate American Boy Challenge." And if not for a freak accident, resulting in a sprained ankle, he would still be dominating the competition and a free boy, instead of enslaved and awaiting his first ass fucking that would deflower his anal cherry. How did this happen? One minute I was doing fine, and the next I was losing the whole competition. This was followed live on air by my humiliating forced stripping, body and pubic hair shaving, slave collaring, and demeaning interview by the announcers where I broke out in tears. And if that wasn't humiliating enough, the burly gay announcer forced my to kiss him live on air, while the other skinny gay announcer fingered my asshole and jerked my cock until I shot my load. 

They said it was to show how big of a load that I could shoot, in order to entice the bidders to up their offers. But I saw the looks on those two's faces, they enjoyed every second of my humiliation. Then they made me drink my own cum from the skinny ones hand, as they heckled me. The big one then forced me to my knees and made me suck his cock until he shot his load down my throat, while the skinny one smacked my ass and showed my asshole off the all the sickos out there that get off on straight slave boys servicing men. I couldn't believe it, I'm not even gay. The skinny one even made comments about my little brother and told him over the air that he was welcome to try his luck in the competition as well. Why were they doing this to me? I signed up for the competition to raise money to send my brother and me to college, I never actually expected to be enslaved to some gay fuck and to be used for his sadistic pleasure. 

Right off that bat, I was sold to a retirement home. But thankfully a last minute payout to the winning bidders secured me from having to service those dirty old men. I was now being taken to the home of my new owner. At least it was just one guy and not many. I know a few of the losing competitors were sold off to brothels to be used by any and every man that get's off on fucking slave boys. I had already been told that I was to have my as cherry popped tonight, before being sent away for further slave training at some place called The Center. That was run by the USMSO, the biggest and most feared straight slave boy training organizations. They specialized in training young straight boy like me to become docile and obedient slaves to older gay men. I had been told the training could take between six to ten weeks, but that my owner did not wish to wait that long. He apparently was in a rush to fuck me in the ass.

I was still completely naked and wearing the silver collar that had been attached at the end of my last appearance of UABC. I was restrained using leather wrist cuffs, but at least they were fur lined. As I was being driven in the back of an SUV to my owner, I tried to tell myself that is was going to be alright, but who was I kidding. I was now a sex slave, my free life was over. At the end of the show, when I had apologized for breaking down in tears, just from all the stress and emotions from the competition coming out at once, the burly announcer had mocked me by saying that being that I was now a slave boy, I didn't have to worry anymore about taking anything like a man. He even said that I was a slave boy, a piece of property, and definitely not a man. Like either of those two homos know what its like to be a real man. I took a chance that would have set me, my brother, and my family up for life. It wasn't my fault that I sprained my ankle, the show should have done a better job in looking out for it's competitors. I shouldn't be here, it wasn't right. So what if I had signed the contract beforehand, selling a boy into sexual slavery was just plain wrong. The other contestants might deserve this, but certainly not me. 

I even remember all of the other losing competitors and what the announcers said to them. One such loser sticks out to me most of all. The first contestant to be eliminated was brought up to the announcers and the burly announcer puts his arm over the boys shoulders and asked him how his family must feel right now since they probably bragged to all of their friends and neighbors that their son would be on UABC only to watch him be the first on eliminated. They just rubbed it in his face that the family that he will never see again, is probably so ashamed of him. I don't even remember his name, but that public shaming really stuck with me ever since. Before I had been released to my new owner's driver, I was thoroughly cleaned out with seven back to back deep enemas. By the last three, all of the water coming out of my was clear and free of any solid waste. They said that it was to ensure that I was properly clean for my new owner, but I think they just enjoyed torturing me like that.

Still seething, I felt the SUV stop and the driver get out. My door opened and two burly guards grabbed me and pulled me from the vehicle. They marched me into the house and up a flight of stairs. I barely had a chance to look around, but from what I could tell the owner was loaded, almost as rich as I would have been if I had won the competition. They walked me down a hallway until we came to a big set of heavy wooden double doors. One of them knocked on the door, and I heard a deep voice say, "Enter."

When they opened the doors, I felt my fear spike as I was led into what could only be described as a dungeon. Every possible spanking or whipping instrument hung from the walls, and every conceivable piece of BDSM furniture sat around the room. Directly in front of us was what could only be described as a throne, and one this throne sat a very muscular white man. He was dressed in black leather pants, black leather boots, black leather gloves that came up past his wrists, and a black leather police style formal hat. He sat there silently, as he stared at me. He was much bigger than me, and clearly kept in shape. He looked to be in his thirties, but it was hard to tell. He had jet black hair and a clean shaven face. I felt a shiver run up my spine, knowing that this guy could wipe the floor with me if he so choose to do so. He continued to stare at me, making me unsettled as his two guards continued to hold me still. He finally stretched his face into a evil smirk, as he eyed me up and down.

He continued to stare at me, as he said "So, you're my slave boy Billy?"

I nodded and answered, "Yes, sir."

My new owner nodded at me, as he turned to his guards and said "Strap him to my fuck bench, then leave us."

The guards silently led me over to a black leather padded saw horse, that came up to my crotch. The guards bent me over and secured my restraints to the other side of the horse, ensuring that I would stay bent over. They then placed leather restraints to my ankles and strapped them to the legs of the horse, causing my legs to be spread wide apart. I gasped as I felt my ass cheeks being spread by my wide stance. I was now completely immobile and bent over with my asshole exposed. I felt my breath quicken in fear, as the guards left the room in silence. My owner than pulled a rope from the ceiling that sounded a bell in the next room. Seconds later another naked and collared slave boy entered the room. He walked to the center of the room and stopped with his head bowed and his hands clasped behind him in the small of his back. He meekly said, "Yes, master?"

My owner then nodded and pointed to me, as he said "You remember Billy here from UABC, don't you boy?"

The slave nodded and answered, "Yes, master. He was eliminated on the latest episode."

My owner smirked as he asked, "And what did I say about little Billy when we watched the show and saw him crying, before sucking his first hard cock live on the air?"

The slave smiled as he remembered and said, "You said that you hoped he would cry that much when you took his cherry, master. You said that you like hearing a cherry boy cry when he was deflowered."

My, and I guess now our owner smiled as he said, "That's right, boy. Now why don't you get him ready for me, while I check his cock sucking skills."

The slave nodded and answered, "Yes, master."

He then walked behind me and placed his hands on my ass cheeks. I then felt a warm tongue licking all over my asshole. I couldn't stop the moan from coming out of my mouth, as the other slave began rimming me. Apparently preparing me for our owners hard cock. Our owner then stood up and walked up to stand directly in front of me. He stood there and rubbed his obviously hard cock through his leather pants, as he said "Well, Billy, as you are no longer a free boy, you no longer deserve a free boy name. Until I choose a new name for you, you will answer to cry baby. Understand me, cry baby?"

I nodded as I answered, "Yes, master."

I hoped that taking my cues from the other slave and calling our owner master, would earn me some good faith. I'm not sure if it did or not, but he didn't chastise me or punish me, so I took that as a good sign. He then asked, "Tell me, cry baby, was that the first cock you ever sucked and the first load of cum shot down your throat?"

I nodded and answered, "Yes, master. Well, the announcers made me lick up my own cum after one of them jerked me off while he fingered my asshole. But that time afterwards was the first and only cock I have sucked and load shot down my throat."

Master nodded and smirked, as he unzipped his pants and removed his large and very hard cock from his pants and said "Well, now I think you should have another sample of man meat, before I fuck your cherry asshole. It would be in your best interest to do a good job, cry baby. Because this monster cock is going up your asshole soon and every bit of spit will help you take it easier. Isn't that right, boy?"

The slave licking my asshole only mumbled an affirmative answer, as his tongue began to slide into my asshole. I felt my mouth open wide in shock, as the new experience of having my asshole tongued took me by surprise. Master took this opportunity to slide his hard cock into my mouth, all the way up to his balls. I gagged at the sheer size and length of his hard cock, and by the depth of his plunge into the back of my throat. I felt master's hand on the back of my head guide me to begin bobbing up and down on his cock, as he held it in place in my mouth. I heard my repeated gags and gasps fro breath, as my head was forcefully and repeatedly pushed all the way down on his hard cock. I closed my eyes and tried not to think about what was happening, but master then gripped my hair tightly as he said sternly "You are to suck my cock, cry baby. Now just put your mouth on it. You better learn fast, cause I intend to get several blow jobs from you before I send you to be properly trained and The Center tomorrow. They will train you in all the things you need to know. Why even boy back there has been to The Center, haven't you boy?"

The slave with his tongue in my asshole, mumbled another affirmative answer as he began to tongue fuck my ass with deep thrusts in and out of my asshole. I turned my attention back to master's hard cock, and followed his instructions. I began to suck it, as he continued to force my head up and down like he wanted. I could only guess about all the horrid things that would be done to me and that I would be trained to do at The Center. My swallowing sounds were coming out as loud whimpers and audible groans of disgust and pain, as my head continued to be forced down onto this pervert's hard cock. What right did he have of treating me like this? I was from a good family and had no criminal history. I had excellent grades I high school. And I was about to be sodomized, after this rapist got through forcing my mouth down onto his hard cock.

He obviously delighted in my discomfort and cries, as he forced my head to move faster and further down his hard cock. I felt my eyes fill with tears, as my throat was continuously gagged with such force that I feared he may make me vomit. That was something that I certainly did not want to do, as there was no telling what punishment her would inflict upon me. Master let out a deep moan and pulled my mouth off of his hard cock my hair, as he said "Oh, you are getting the hang of it, aren't you cry baby? Oh, look at that you. Are you already about to cry again? Well, go on, cry baby, you can cry as much as you want to now. In fact I hope to hear you cry a lot in a few seconds."

I was gasping for breath, as he released my hair causing my head to slump forward. I felt master pull the slave away from my ass and position himself there instead. Only master wasn't kneeling and it wasn't a tongue that I felt pressing against my asshole. Master gripped my hips with both hands, and with a swift and forceful thrust, he plunged every inch of his long hard cock right through my tight asshole and into my virgin ass. I felt my whole body being forced forward into the bench, as I cried out in pain. My tears came quickly, as the pain in my ass and asshole intensified as master set a deep and hard pace of fucking me. My cries were uncontrollable and I sobbed without being able to stop. He was skewering me with his massive cock.

The slave walked around to the front of me and began taking pictures of my pain filled face. He giggled at my agony, as he captured the moment for master. My eyes were bulging wide and my cries were so loud as to be heard throughout the giant house. Master seemed to delight in my suffering as he picked up his pace even more. He moaned out, "Oh, yeah. This virgin ass was worth every penny just to have it wrapped around my hard cock tonight. Damn, it's been so long since I have taken a boy's cherry, I forgot how amazing it was. Mmm...Cry baby, you can expect several of these ass fuckings before I let you leave tomorrow. I bet you are still sore when they deliver you to The Center for training. You better hope and pray that they give you a few days to recover before they start you ass fucking training."

At the mention of more butt sex, I cried out even louder. I wanted to scream for help and beg him to stop. I wanted to say anything to make him believe that this was a mistake. He couldn't be doing this to me. There was no way that this could stand. How was it that I was being so roughly and forcefully ass fucked by this muscle bound faggot? I wasn't gay. Why did he take such pleasure in fucking me? I was not some street urchin with no future ahead of them. I was supposed to be headed for college. My little brother should be the one getting viciously ass fucked, not me. He had always been small and weaker than the other kids his age. He deserved to be here not me. Fuck, he could have Kevin and Lonnie as his fuck slaves. I bet those two losers would even enjoy this. Didn't anyone know how much of a mistake it was for me to be here? Why hadn't my family come to my rescue? Why hadn't they offered up my two younger brothers to these queers? Didn't they understand anything? But every time I tried to form an angry outburst or plea for mercy, it only came out as a tortured scream of pain.

I cried out again louder, as an incredibly hard and deep thrust of his hard cock plunged deep inside me. I finally broke down in absolute sobs of despair at my own circumstances. I kept repeating that it shouldn't be me, but nothing changed the fact that a mistake had been made and no one was doing anything to correct it. I deserved better than this and everyone knew it. That was probably why this was happening to me, they were jealous and decided to ruin my life.

Master laughed out, "Take plenty of pictures, boy. I want to remember the way cry baby balled his eyes out with my hard cock slamming his cherry asshole. I want to see the look on his face when he feels his first of many shots of cum pumped into his ass. He should feel honored to have my cum shoot into him. I'll email copies to The Center. I'm sure they will love to see them and to give them a better understanding of what a sensitive little slave cry baby really is. Don't worry, cry baby, I'm going to give you something to help with the pain. I know the perfect injection to make you feel better. And...Here...It...Comes! Fuck, yeah. Take my cum you crying little bitch!"

I cried out again as master plunged his cock even deeper and harder into my ass, then sprayed my insides with his filthy cum. I sobbed even more with the realization that I would now be considered defiled for having some faggot cum in my ass. I could never gain the proper respect that I deserved. No boy could ever attend college or get a good job when it was common knowledge that they were corrupted. People would know that my body was now tainted. Fathers would refuse marriage, even to ugly, fat, undesirable daughters, if they knew that the suitor had been desecrated in the way I had. Women, even sluts and whores, would laugh at me and say that I have probably taken more hard cocks and cum then they had.

Master continued to work his cock in and out of my ass, as he pumped squirt after squirt of his filthy seed into my insides. He laughed as he emptied himself inside me. He knew that he was ruining me. That was part of the fun. The slave boy continued to click away, taking more and more pictures but I was too exhausted to complain and I am sure my face showed my exhaustion. Master then slipped his cock from my ass and walked around me to stand in front of my gasping face. He smacked his cum dripping softened cock against my cheek, splashing my face with his cum. I closed my mouth, fearing what he wanted. 

Master then growled and pinched my nose shut. I held my breath for as long as I could as master watched me with a smirk on his face. I tried to gasp for breath and then shut my mouth, but before I could, master shoved his cock into my mouth. I gagged at the taste and feeling of his cum dripping cock that had recently been in my mouth. Master then grabbed my hair roughly and growled out, "When a real man and your master offers you his cock, you open your fucking mouth wide and accept it like a good fuck slave. You hear me, cry baby? Now you are going to suck my cock and make me hard again, then this big cock is going back into that tight asshole of yours. This is what you get when you are a slave. Now suck my cock, cry baby, now!"

I felt more tears run down my face as I began to suck his cock and swallow his cum. I continued to do this until his cock grew hard again, then he shoved it back into my ass and fucked me roughly again. He continued in this way all night long. I had the disgusting taste of his cum in my mouth for the rest of my time here. The slave boy kept taking pictures of my sucking cock and getting fucked in my asshole. Master even made me, ME suck the slave boy's cock until he shot his smaller load into my mouth and made me lick the slave boy's asshole, as master continued to punish my ass. I lost count of how many times I had to suck master's cum dripping cock, how many times he sodomized me, how many times I had to suck the slave boy's cock, and how many times I had to lick the slave's asshole.

By the time that morning came and the men showed up to take me to The Center for training, I felt worse than ever. I still couldn't believe that this was happening to me. During the next ten weeks of training at The Center, I was spanked, paddled, and shown how much pain was truly in store for me in the future as a slave. I was no longer served solid food, but some thick soup like concoction that the staff referred to a oats. I was given enemas twice a day for the first three weeks. I was washed clean with ice cold showers that sapped my strength and left my whole body exhausted. I was forced to sleep on the cold concrete floor, even though I knew some of the other slaves got beds and even blankets and pillows. I was forced to wear a leather harness chastity device, a leather collar, and wrist and ankle restraints at all times.
