 I had had a long rough day at work and all I could think about was getting home, showering, eating a light dinner and going to bed. It was about 830pm when I finally hit the sheets. I was so tired but yet I just kept tossing and turning. The window was open and a nice breeze was coming in but it wasn't helping to sooth me like it usually does. My mind kept coming back to my failed marriage. 

My wife and I had gotten married right out of high school at the age of 18. Then, after 24 years of marriage and 2 grown children later we decided to call it quits. We had just grown apart over the few years. Then, about 6 months ago she moved out and left me with the house we had lived in for the past 10 years. 

I was laying there thinking about jacking off to help me fall asleep when I heard a noise outside. It was my neighbors coming out of their house onto their patio. They were talking about what a great night it was to have a glass of wine and sit around their fire pit. I looked over at my clock. It was 945pm. I couldn't believe how much time had passed and that I wasn't able to fall asleep. 

Before long, I the smelled wood burning and I could hear their conversation as clear as day. The houses were only 5 feet from the property lines. The way the houses were staggered it had my window overlooking their patio where they were sitting. They were literally 30 feet over and down from my window. I actually liked the smell of the burning wood and hearing a normal conversation was relaxing. For the next 30 minutes or so I continued laying there smelling the fire and just listening to their conversation. 

I was just starting to fade away to sleep when their conversation turned sexual. They were talking about how they needed to spice up their sex life a little. I listened to how they always wanted to bring a 3rd person into their sex life but never had the guts to follow through with it. This change of topic piqued my interest and it woke me up enough to where I opened my eyes. 

Falling asleep suddenly forgotten. I had to hear this conversation. I rolled over onto my side and faced the open window to hear as clearly as possible. It was dark in my room and they had no idea I was listening. It felt a little wrong but if they weren't aware of their surroundings it wasn't my fault. It's not as if I was intentionally spying on them.

"Would you be open to casually looking for a 3rd someone?"

"Yes." He answered.

"I am getting kind of turned on just thinking about it"

"Me too. As a matter of fact, I would sure like to get a blow job right now." He said.

The chuckling response I heard was, "Right now, outside? Are you serious?"

"Sure, why not? We are in the privacy of our own backyard, right?" he asked. "And who knows, it might add that little spark to our sex life that we are looking for" He added.

Still chuckling, "I guess I could live on the edge a little bit. Why don't you stand up and come over here?" A slight pause and then, "Haha. I didn't know you could move so fast you almost knocked me over in my chair! Haha, perfect, now drop you pants!"

Really? Was this really happening just outside my window? I couldn't believe that I was overhearing this private conversation. I had to see for myself if they were serious. 

I sat up and quickly swung my feet off the side of the bed and moved over to the window. I stood off to the side where there was no chance of them seeing me. I don't know why I was so interested, especially being they were who they were.

Both my neighbors were guys. Yes I was listening to 2 guys. They are an openly gay couple but they make it a point not to flaunt it in public. So, you might never know if you didn't know them personally. I have spoken to them both quite often over the past 10 years and they seemed like good guys. I've never hung out with them but sometimes we jog a similar route on the early weekend mornings. I always say hello or nod when we come across each other. I have never once thought of or imagined them doing anything sexual together. 

As I peered out the window, I watched Steve in the fire light drop his pants and underwear to his ankles as Doug stayed sitting in his chair. From what I could see at this distance, Steve's cock was already hard and protruding straight out into Doug's direction. I watched as Doug reached up and began stroking Steve's hard cock. This was crazy and I was fascinated by what I was seeing. 

I kept watching from the shadows as Doug leaned forward and licked the underside of the hard cock in his hands. He licked it up and down a few times like you would a popsicle. As he came up to the tip on one of his licks, he slowly slid the whole head of it inside his mouth. Steve moaned and put his hands on the side of Doug's head and pulled him in a little closer. I watched as he sucked his lovers cock all the way into his mouth. He started stroking it with his hand and slurping on it back and forth with his mouth. I don't know why but I couldn't take my eyes off of the scene in front of me.

Doug slowly let the cock all the way out of his mouth, flicked the tip a couple of times with his tongue and said, "Sit down, trade me places." 

Doug stood up and without any prompting Steve sat down in the chair. Steve leaned back and let his arms drape over the sides of the chair. He and I both watched as Doug got down on his knees and grabbed back onto the hard wet cock that was just in his mouth. He stroked it up and down a couple of times. I could hear the squishy wet sound his hand was making as he stroked it. 

Then he leaned down, slipped his mouth back over the head and started sucking again. I watched as he stroked the lower shaft up and down with his hand. At the same time his mouth went up and down on the top half following the motions of his hand. I could hear low moans and lots of slurping wet sounds as if I was sitting right next to them. 

Now, this is where things got weird for me. I noticed my cock was hard inside the sweat shorts I was wearing. 

As a straight man, I should be disgusted by what I was seeing but I wasn't. It was having quite the opposite effect on me. I reached down just to verify and sure enough my cock was rock hard. I pushed on it through my shorts to try and relieve some pressure but doing that only made it feel that much better. It seemed like my cock got even harder as I continued to push on it and watch the show below.

I took a firm grim of my cock and started rubbing myself through my shorts. I couldn't believe how turned on I was. I was not gay. I am not gay. But this was making me hot. I was breathing a little heavy just stroking myself. I wasn't sure if it was because they didn't know they were being watched that turned me on or the man on man blow job going on that was turning me on. 

I reluctantly released my cock and I licked my hand full of saliva. I pulled down on my waistband and let my shorts fall to the floor. I reached down with my saliva covered hand and wrapped it around my wet hand around my hard throbbing cock. Then I started stoking it up and down to the rhythm of the blow job down below. It felt really good.

Doug really looked like he knew how to give good blow jobs. I wondered what it would feel like to get one from him. I wished I could switch places with Steve right now. I knew that wasn't possible so I did the next best thing. I pretended I was Steve as I kept stroking my cock watching the scene below. I was getting very close to cumming when I heard Steve issue a fair warning from down below.

"I am going to cum!" he whispered loudly.

What a coincidence. So was I. 

I watched as Steve threw his head back and gripped the arms of the chair as he pumped his 1st stream of cum into Doug's working mouth. At that same moment, I felt my body tense and I started to shoot my cum too. But instead of a warm mouth to catch it, I was shooting my cum into the palm of my other hand so it didn't get all over the place. 

I watched below as Steve's body shook every time cum shot through his cock into Doug's warm mouth. I shook a little too with every pulse. My cock shot so much cum that my hand was barely to contain it all. 

I fell back onto the bed before I made a huge mess on the floor. I laid there breathing heavy coming down from my orgasm. The cum that was in my palm now a huge mess on my stomach. I reached over to grab some tissues and cleaned myself up the best I could. With that done, I reached down to pick up my shorts and quickly slid back into them.

I noticed some quiet whispering outside. I snuck back over to the window to hear them better. They were laughing a little like lovers do after good sex. 

"Now it's your turn." Steve said. "Not only am I going to give you a great blow job but before I let you cum I'm thinking I want you to fuck me hard. I want to feel your cock pulse deep in my ass filling me with your warm cum!" 

They whispered a few others things to each other that I couldn't hear, grabbed their stuff and went back into the house. 

And it was over that quick. 

I stood there staring at an empty backyard for a few minutes reliving the entire scene from memory. 

That was some really hot gay private live porn I had just witnessed. That's when I remembered the subject of their earlier conversation. They wanted to bring a 3rd person into their sex life. I wondered if they would be open to someone like me who had no experience with any cock besides my own. I would be willing to let them teach me if they wanted to.

Would I really be able to touch another man's cock with my hand? 

Would I really be able to put another man's cock in my mouth? And then suck on it? Let it cum in my mouth? 

And apparently they liked anal sex. Would I be able to give that? Or receive that? 

My questions were answered by the stiffening cock that was slowly returning in my shorts. 

But yet the only question that was not answered was... 

How could I be that 3rd person they were looking for? Overhearing their private conversation gave me and edge. I would never have the guts to pursue something like that but knowing that they will be looking will make it easier for me to bring myself into their sights. 

I'm not a bad looking guy. We were all about the same age. Looks and age wouldn't be a problem. I knew we had something in common that maybe could help me find out if they were even interested in me. 

What if I "accidentally" bumped into them when they were on a jog together? Maybe I could strike up a conversation and...