 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Chris Donovan vs. Shane Lewis 

Dedicated to Honey24

Cock-blocking! 

***

Chris stood in the doorway and watched Shane sleeping peacefully on the bed. He couldn't suppress his sigh of relief. It was the best sight ever. Chris said a quick thanks to all the angels as he toed off his loafers. After getting rid of an upset Tracy and firing his silly housekeeper, he'd almost gone insane with worry when he couldn't find Shane. Chris' only consolation was that he knew for a fact that Shane hadn't left the house. After moving from room to room, he finally found Shane in one of the rooms...fast asleep.

Chris climbed into the bed and spooned behind Shane, wrapping an arm around Shane's waist. His intention wasn't to wake Shane up. He only wanted to feel Shane's body close to his. Fuck, Shane smelled divine, Chris moaned. He almost groaned when there was a hitch in Shane's even breathing, indicating that he'd probably woken up. His fears were confirmed when Shane began to turn around in his arms. Chris really wasn't looking forward to the anger he knew Shane would have towards him. Who wouldn't be angry after witnessing what Shane had? With a sigh, he got ready for whatever Shane had to say.

Shane wriggled till he was on his side, facing Chris. "Hey." Came his sleepy voice.

"Hey." Chris responded softly as his hand moved up to caress Shane's cheek. "You okay?"

"Uh-huh. Your visitor gone?" Shane mumbled, watching the wariness in Chris' eyes.

"Yes." Chris sighed. "I'm sorry about that. I didn't know..."

"That's alright." Shane murmured. "Just tell me one thing."

"Shoot." 

"If I hadn't been here, would you have..."

"Hell no." Chris growled. "How can you even ask that?"

"I just wanted to know that's all. Chill."

"Well before...us, I would have done it without a thought. But not now." Chris said quietly

"Okay." Shane yawned.

"You've been sleeping for about..."Chris looked at his wrist watch, "forty-five minutes. What makes you think I didn't fuck her?" Chris asked with a smile in his voice.

"You wouldn't dare." Shane growled, drawing laughter from Chris. "I trust you." He added quietly.

"Well, you should. Because the mere thought of having sex with anyone else besides you, turns my stomach. Trust me...I've tried." Chris muttered.

Shane went quiet for a moment and then shocked Chris with his next question. "Do you like dirty talk during sex?"

"Whoa... I don't know. I've never thought about it. Why do you ask?" Chris sounded curious.

"Your visitor...she was talking dirty. Don't worry, she didn't know it wasn't you. She had a blindfold on." Shane explained.

Chris chuckled. "Listen, I think I need to explain..."

"You don't have to explain yourse..." 

"Shut up, Shane." Chris breathed as he pulled Shane closer to him. "I need you to listen. I can count the number of real relationships I've been in, on one hand. I don't have time for the stress that comes with relationships so I hardly do relationships. Most of my encounters have been mere hook-ups."

"You mean fuck-buddies." Shane said dryly.

Chris shrugged. "I don't mean to disappoint you but that has been my life. The kind of women who would settle for mere hook-ups or as fuck-buddies as you so crassly put it, are just crazy fun loving girls who can say or do anything crazy during sex and get away with it. I don't usually pay attention to what they say 'cause I usually just wanna fuck and move on. So I really can't tell whether I like dirty talk during sex. Tell you what... Why don't you try it one day? Talk dirty to me during sex. Then we'll both know whether it rocks my boat. How about that?"

"Okay." Shane chuckled. "Chris?"

"Yes baby?"

"I promise not to stress you out in this relationship." Shane said softly.

"Oh baby, you can stress me all you want. I ain't going nowhere." Chris drawled, making Shane laugh softly.

"That was one hot chic, by the way." Shane murmured.

"Don't tell me she turned you on." Chris growled. "'Cause she sure as hell didn't turn me on. I was pissed as fuck."

"Of course you would be pissed. After all, you didn't know how your boyfriend was going to react to that." Shane chuckled.

"God, I almost died when I heard her voice. I'm so sorry I put you through that. I've fired the housekeeper."

"Why?"

"I've warned her not to allow anyone who doesn't have a key to the house, into the house when I'm not around. Apparently Tracy has been bribing her with money to allow her to come in. Can't trust her now, can I?"

"People have keys to the house?"

"Kyle, Dean, Matt and Mary, Michael's wife." Chris muttered.

"Your cousin. Why not the others?"

"I had only four spares. Had another set made two weeks ago. For you." Chris said.

"Thanks." Shane said quietly. "I don't think I can ever enter your bedroom and not picture your visitor in my mind though."

"Well, that problem can be rectified. You see, if we had gone round, you would have seen the real master bedroom. That's not the room I'm using now. I only opted to use that room because I could see the...ladies who came to visit, actually catwalk to the house."

Shane burst into laughter. "Oh my God, you're an idiot."

"You should see them walk. One lady wore heels so high, she fell flat on her face before she actually got to the door." The two men roared with laughter. "I ended up cleaning her cuts and soothing her bruised ego. Didn't get any that day but was not even disappointed. I laughed my head off when she left."

"That's rather unfortunate but still hilarious." Shane laughed. "Why do they bother?"

"Do I even know?" Chris wiped the tears of mirth from his eyes. "So as I was saying, now that I don't have to look at girls, cat-walking to my house to fuck me on that bed, I don't see why I can't use the real master bedroom. Will you tell your designer to come see me tomorrow?"

"Sure." Shane chuckled.

"She can work her magic in there. And whilst she's at it, throw in a Tantra chair." Chris murmured, moving down to nuzzle the sensitive spot between Shane's neck and shoulder.

"I knew it." Shane moaned. "You have such a dirty mind."

"But you love me anyway." Chris kissed Shane on the nose.

"With all my heart." Shane whispered.

"You know, you're taking this really well. Too well actually." Chris murmured with a slight frown. "Should I be worried?"

Shane looked surprised for a moment and then laughed quietly. "What can I do, Chris? I know you had a life before all this. I can't expect everything to go away overnight can I?"

"You're angry." Chris stated quietly.

"No I'm not. If I were angry, you wouldn't be seeing me like this. Trust me on that." Shane said dryly. "I'm fine. Really. You didn't ask her to come and wait for you did you?"

"No, I didn't." Chris gave a deep sigh.

"There you go. If you were expecting me to whine like some bitch, I'm sorry but..." Shane shook his head slowly. "Not gonna happen."

"I should have stopped her the last time she pulled that stunt." Chris groaned. "I didn't bother because you and I were not..." Chris trailed off.

"Hey, I understand." Shane pressed a soft kiss to Chris' forehead. "Don't worry about it."

Chris still looked unhappy. "What do you say we finish the tour and get out of here?" 

"Thought you'd never ask." Shane rasped. "Hey, cheer up." He husked, leaning forward to draw Chris' lower lip into his mouth to suck sensuously on it. "It's not every day you get to see a sexy woman, naked and hot for your cock." He murmured when he released Chris' lip, ignoring Chris' sharp intake of breath at his words. "Did you see how wet she was for you?" Shane went on in a low voice, licking at the corner of Chris' mouth. "I bet you would have loved plunging into her wet pussy..."

"Okay, that's it..." Chris exploded, shooting off the bed. "I don't..."

"Just kidding." Shane laughed, pulling Chris down into his arms. "I just had to do it." Shane gave Chris a fierce kiss which he didn't return. "Hey, loosen up. I was just pulling your legs."

"That wasn't funny." Chris growled. "I didn't like it."

"I'm sorry." Shane's chest rumbled with laughter. "Damn, you're easy." Shane husked, capturing Chris' mouth in a kiss so sensual he didn't have any choice but to kiss Shane back. The kiss was wild, hot, wet, passionate and dick-hardeningly good. 

"Hmm... Maybe we should..." Coherent thought fell out of Chris' reach when Shane's hand slipped under his shirt to pinch his nipple lightly. "Shane..." With a lustful moan, Chris slanted his lips over Shane's, his tongue fucking deep and fast till Shane had to tear his mouth away to draw in breath.

"Check my back pocket." Shane panted. "There's lube."

"And he says I've got a dirty mind." Chris laughed breathlessly. "You're such a slut."

"Do you blame me?" Shane murmured, still trying to catch his breath. "I'm in a constant state of arousal whenever I'm around you. What was that you said about unleashing..."

"Shut up and kiss me, Shane Lewis." Chris husked, rolling onto Shane and rubbing his covered erection against Shane's. And even as their lips locked together in a toe-curling kiss, the two men couldn't help but hump the fuck out of each other.

"Oh fuck, Chris." Shane gasped against Chris' wet lips when they came up for air. "I need...need the pants out of the way..." He whimpered and promptly sighed his approval when Chris moved down and reached out to unbuckle his belt. By the time Chris finished unbuttoning Shane's cargo pants, Shane was trembling in anticipation. Chris reached in and pulled out Shane's hard throbbing cock and gave the flared head a light squeeze. Smiling at Shane's lustful moan, Chris watched the drop of precum that grew at the tip of Shane's cock. As it started to slide from the opening, he caught it on his tongue and licked at the leaking slit with the tip of his tongue. "Chris..." Shane gasped with pleasure, thrusting up against Chris' mouth. Chris drew his head back and both men watched, entranced, the thin string of clear liquid that seemed to link Chris' lips with the tip of Shane's full and heavy erection. "Oh God." Shane's eyes glazed over as he stared, riveted. "I need you now, Chris..." 

In a fluid movement that was so smooth it deserved applauds, Chris pulled off Shane's pants together with his boxers, rescuing that tube of lube from Shane's pocket before the pants actually landed on the floor. When Shane felt Chris' slick fingers enter him, he almost drooled from pleasure. It felt amazingly good.

"Get out of those pants, Chris." Shane growled as he fucked himself on those wicked thick fingers. "I need to feel that co..." Shane trailed off when his phone started ringing. "Oh shit!" He groaned, almost as if he was in pain.

"Ignore it." Chris growled.

"Fuck, I can't." Shane moaned. "It's Lizzie and from that ringing tone, she's using the emergency line. Fuck, where's my phone?" Shane looked disoriented. 

Chris pulled out his fingers as he reached for Shane's phone with his other hand. "Here." Chris handed the phone to Shane and got off the bed.

"Thanks." Shane muttered as he sat up. "Talk to me, Lizzie." He demanded immediately he clicked on the answer button, watching Chris disappear into the en suite bathroom.

"Shane. It's Adele." Came Lizzie's frantic voice.

Shane was already on his feet, reaching for his boxers. "What's wrong?" He had his phone tucked between his ear and shoulder as he pulled on his boxer briefs. 

"She fell. I think her arm is broken because it's started swelling at the elbow."

"Shit! Where are you now?" Shane pulled up his pants as Chris emerged from the bathroom. He was so disconcerted he couldn't even button up his pants. Chris slapped Shane's hands away from his fly and carefully adjusted his semi-hard cock before buttoning him up and buckling his belt. 

"We just left home. We're going to M&M. It's closer." Lizzie responded.

"Thanks." Shane mouthed at Chris and quickly slipped his feet into his boots. "I'm on my way." Shane said and cut the call. "They're going to M&M. Adele broke her arm."

"Shit." Chris swore and started dialing a number on his phone as he followed Shane down the stairs. "Michael?"

"Sup, Lover-boy?" Michael's teasing voice came on the line.

"Shut up and listen to me, fool." Chris growled as he signaled the security guard to lock up. "Shane's daughter is hurt. She broke her arm. They're on their way to the hospital. Are you there?"

"Yes I'm here." Michael answered. "What's her name?"

"She's Adele and she's four...well, almost five." Chris said as he switched to the speaker phone so that he could drive without the stress of having a phone to his ear. 

"One moment, Chris." Michael said. "Hey Alex, get ready for a little girl who's hurt. They'll be here soon so go wait at the entrance. Who's she coming with, Chris?"

"Her mum. She's Lizzie. You can't miss her. She's pregnant." Chris said, tearing out of his gate.

"You mean a pregnant chic almost broke your nose?" Michael asked in such a funny tone that Shane couldn't help but laugh despite his worry over his daughter. "Shane?"

"Hello Michael. Thanks for your help." Shane responded.

"You're an asshole, Michael." Chris said.

"They're here. That was fast. Talk to you guys later." Michael hung up.

"She's in good hands." Chris said, reaching for Shane's hand. Shane looked so tense. Chris brought their entwined hands to his lips and kissed Shane's knuckles. He wished he could do something to lighten the mood. "Hang in there."

"Thanks." Shane muttered looking pensive. Chris thought fast.

"Michael is an asshole. How could the idiot tease me at such a time?" Chris managed to sound angry.

"Well, you decided to tell him about getting punched." Shane shrugged.

"Hmm...silly me." Chris muttered. "I told all of them. Now he's going to inform the fools that the lady who almost broke my nose was actually pregnant. I'll never live this down." Chris groaned, making Shane laugh softly despite himself.

"So you guys discuss everything huh?" Shane asked, turning to look at Chris.

"Yep." Chris responded as he sped towards Michael's hospital and Adele. "Well, it depends on how sensitive the issue is." Chris answered carefully, remembering how he still hadn't told the squad about Aaron raping Kyle. He didn't have any intention of ever doing that too. Those guys would have really dealt with Aaron if they'd heard about that unfortunate incident. "But even you must admit a man like myself taking such a blow from a lady is rather funny." Chris chuckled.

"Well, I didn't find it funny at the time." Shane said with a frown.

"Neither did I, trust me." Chris chuckled, jumping a red light. He was happy that Shane was at least talking and didn't look as pensive as he did before. "But it was funny so I couldn't help myself. I told them." Then Chris decided to bring out the big guns. "There was a day I overheard Damon and Tristan making love. Well, it was just a blowjob actually. I was in a conference call with Damon and some business partners. During the call, Tristan decided to blow Damon. They were actually on a plane, going to Germany or France. I can't remember exactly where they...anyway that's not important. The idiots completely forgot there was a conference call going on and they could be heard by everyone on the link."

"Oh fuck." Shane muttered, giving Chris his undivided attention.

"That's what I said." Chris chuckled. "Knowing 

how horny my friend always is whenever he's around Tristan, I acted immediately I heard the first moan. Thankfully the others didn't hear and fortunately, I was the one who linked the calls so I quickly disconnected everyone."

"Oh my God." Shane breathed, looking relieved.

"But I stayed on the line." Chris gave a naughty grin as he turned onto the hospital's street. 

"You pervert." Shane laughed. "You are so fucked up."

"Let's just say immediately I finished congratulating the idiots on their unplanned voyeuristic adventure, I was on another conference call with the squad, giving them a word for word account." 

The two men roared with laughter as Chris entered the gates of the hospital and headed directly to the executive section, where he knew Michael would take Adele. Chris listened to Shane laugh and breathed a sigh of relief. He'd achieved his goal. And it was a very calm Shane who walked into the hospital to see his daughter.

***

When Shane and Chris got to the private waiting room, they found Lizzie and her husband, Sam, who was pacing with worry written all over his face.

"Shane." Lizzie said as she got up and walked into Shane's arms.

"Where's she?" Shane asked as he hugged her.

"They're taking some scans." Lizzie said as she went to hug Chris.

"How did it happen?" Shane asked as he gave Sam a one-armed hug.

"I was in the shower when I heard her scream." Sam answered, hugging Chris too. "I think she stood on that tiny doll chair in her room and tried reaching for something and fell. She was in too much pain I didn't want to ask her anything."

"She said she was going to get something but I was too engrossed in my books I didn't listen." Lizzie whimpered. 

"Hey, don't worry she'll be fine." Shane soothed her. He knew Lizzie was busy studying for her exams, which was to start from the very next day. And taking into consideration the fact that those military exams were important for promotion, Lizzie needed maximum concentration in order to pass. "Let's hope this is..." Shane trailed off when Michael entered the room.

"Good news." He said immediately he saw Chris' face. Michael knew if he wasted time beating about the bush like his colleagues were known to do when they were talking to relations of patients, Chris would kill him. "It didn't break." 

"Thank God." Lizzie gasped as the others breathed sighs of relief. 

"It's a Strain. She landed on her elbow so some tendons stretched. She's been given something for the pain and the elbow has been bandaged. She's sleeping now. Want to come see her?"

All four anxious but relieved grown-ups followed Michael to a really lovely room with some really cool pictures of Disney characters on the wall. Adele was fast asleep on the bed. Lizzie went to touch her daughter lightly on the head. 

"As you can see, she's fine." Michael said. "She can go home when she wakes up. That's not going to be any time soon though so..." Michael looked at the grownups with raised brows.

"I'll wait." Lizzie said immediately. 

"No you won't." Shane countered, ushering everyone out so that Adele wouldn't be disturbed. "Listen, I'll wait till she wakes up, and then take her home. Just go home and study okay?" 

"But..."

"No buts, Liz. At least you know she's fine. Let her spend the week with me. I promise to take good care of her. Just go break a leg, soldier woman." Shane insisted. "Sam, a little help here..."

"Honey I think Shane is right." Sam said. "You can check up on her anytime you want."

Lizzie didn't look convinced. "She has to go to school."

"No school till she's okay." Shane said. "She needs to rest. Wouldn't want her still in pain by Friday will you?" Shane asked with a grin on his face.

"What's happening on Friday?" Michael asked.

"Her birthday party. She's turning five." Chris said.

"Friday is a holiday." Michael said unnecessarily. "A party. Cool." He grinned. 

"It's a kids' party, moron." Chris growled.

"A party is a party." Michael said making Shane and Sam laugh. "She'll be fine by then."

"Sam, I'll miss her." Lizzie said pitifully. "I won't be able to concentrate..."

"Lizzie?" Chris finally decided to step in. He threw an arm around Lizzie's shoulder and murmured, "I think this is the best time for me to watch and get used to all the cartoons and Disney stuff, don't you think?" 
