 Hello my lovely readers and welcome to the third chapter of this wonderful story. Before I start writing, I would like to apologize for the delay in posting this chapter. Something came up, school stuff and I had to leave everything to attend to it. Now I am back and I will be posting just like I used to. Thank you so much for you patient wait. I just hope this particular chapter will be interesting to you guys. Don't forget to drop your comments and views. Don't forget to rate also at the end of this chapter. I love you guys a lot. Thanks again. Enjoy...

*****

The car suddenly stopped, getting Luis out of his thoughts. He quickly moved his eyes to the window, realizing that they were parked right outside, near the entrance into the huge palace. So many questions ran through his head, like, "how the hell did he get into the palace?"

Fuck! He couldn't even think properly or concentrate on other important things like the fucking he had done in the morning and how satisfied he had been. His mind simply went to the incident that had happened earlier, a few hours ago to be precise. 

Once again, he had been humiliated but this time it was too much. He had received a slap and his hair was messy and so were his clothes. The most painful thing was that the boy didn't even apologize. He just slapped him right in front of all those guests. Fuck!

Luis quickly moved his gaze to his thighs, getting lost into his thoughts once again. He got madder each time he thought and the image of the boy popped up in his mind. The most annoying thing was that the boy was just a stupid pauper who was nowhere near his level. 

Thinking about the whole incident, Luis' anger just intensified and he planned to avenge once again. But this time, he was gonna make sure that the boy suffers for it. He was gonna make him pay for the humiliation...the insults...the foolishness...the stupidity and everything else. This time he was gonna be the one to win and not the other way round. Things were gonna get spicy but first he remembered that the manager had promised to deal with the boy. He was gonna check how the manager had dealt with the boy and then he was gonna retaliate.

"Your highness," the guard called softly from the driver's seat, getting Luis out of his thoughts. He gasped and the diverted his eyes to the guard.

"What is it?" Luis asked rudely, groaning as if it was the guard who had embarrassed him. 

"I am really sorry, my prince." The guard apologized. "It's just that we have been out here for some time and you seem lost. Did..."

"Open the door!" Luis demanded angrily, fuming. How dare a guard try to meddle in his affairs? "Don't ask me questions unless you want to lose your job."

"I am really sorry, my prince." The guard apologized. He quickly got out and opened the door for Luis, bowing his head down.

Luis just nodded his head and furiously got out of the car, making his way into the huge palace. He was really angry and he could feel adrenaline rushing through his veins. He wanted to go back and sort the boy out but he knew better than to calm down. But that wasn't gonna make him forget about everything that had happened while he was in that hotel.

Luis entered the place quickly without even realizing that he had reached the living room. The next thing he heard was a loud gasp from his mother, his ever caring mother.

"Oh my god," The queen gasped, quickly rising from the couch. She rushed to her son who was kinda in a bad state. He was not looking good at all. "Son, what's wrong with you?"

The question from the queen made Luis raise his face. He wondered if he was looking that bad that his mother even said it like that. Raising his face, he realized that his mother was near him. He tried to smile but only a groan came out of his mother. He took a quick look around and saw that his father, his granny and his sister too were already up and staring at him.

"Luis!" Ruby gasped, nearing him. She quickly stopped and just stared at him, wondering why her son, a crown prince was looking all messed up. "Why do you look like...that?" She raised her hand and pointed. She had no idea where to start from. "Why is your hair looking so messy and..." She paused and gasped, holding her chest firmly. "What happened to your cheek?" She moved closer and cupped his cheeks, slowly rubbing on them. "Why does your cheek look a little red? Were you involved in a fight or something?"

"No!" Luis gasped, moving a little from his mother. "Why would I fight? That is cheap and for paupers to do."

"Then why are you..."

"I am really tired and..."

"Luis!" The king called as if he was commanding. "What happened?"

Luis moved his eyes to his father immediately he heard his voice. The king was neither laughing nor smiling and Luis could clearly see that. What he saw was worry and somewhat angry. He knew his father could help him deal with the boy if he so desired but he just stared at his father.

"Nothing!" Luis said softly. Even from his tone, everyone in the living room could clearly see that Luis was angry. "I am really fine."

"Your hair is a mess, your clothes seem to be in a mess and yourself, you seem to be a mess." The king said, looking at his angry son. "Who had the guts to fight my son?" The king's voice filled the whole living room. Even Luis got surprised from his father's tone. "Tell me the person's name and I will deal with that person. I will not allow someone to fight..."

"Dad!" Luis groaned. "I wasn't involved in a fight or something."

"Then what happened?" The concerned queen asked. "If it is not..." She paused and then stared at him. "Who slapped you?"

Hearing his mother's question, Luis just stared at her with anger and rage emanating from him. The image of the boy slapping him flushed before his eyes. He felt like he was a vessel of anger and rage. His mother had figured it out.

"What?" The king yelled, filling the whole palace with his voice. "Who would have the nerves to slap my son, my prince?"

"Don't worry, father." Luis grunted, clenching on his fists. "I can handle it and..."

"So it is true," The king said angrily. "Someone really slapped you?"

Hearing the direct question from King Julian, Luis just nodded and took a deep sigh. He then stared at his surprised looking mother and then moved his eyes to his father again. He had no idea what his father was thinking about. He knew his father was probably angry and would want to punish that boy from the hotel but Luis knew better than to incur the wrath of a king on the boy.

"Tell me his name and I shall that person punished severely." The king demanded.

"I can handle it." Luis muttered. "Don't worry about..."

"Who was it?" The king yelled.

Luis trembled and then sighed. "The same boy who insulted me the other day," Luis wanted nothing more than to see the boy pay but he wanted it his own way and he was gonna do it his own way.

"The same boy..." The king chuckled bitterly, getting angry. His son was first insulted and now slapped. "...How dare her do this. I shall have him..."

"I will handle it." Luis promised. "He messed with me so I will deal with him myself." 

Luis promised to make the boy pay...again. He was not gonna stop until he dealt with the boy. He had already told his family about the slap but he was not gonna tell them that he got poured champagne on. That was a secret he was gonna keep.

"My son..."

"Please, father." Luis said softly. "Trust me to handle this issue, myself. That boy is nothing to me but..."

"This is the second time he has done this." The king yelled, breathing harshly. Everyone in the living room knew that he was pretty angry. After all, his son had just been slapped. Anyone was bound to understand. "He needs to know his..."

"Trust me," Luis didn't want to interfere. This was his battle and he was gonna win it alone without the assistance of his father or anyone else. "I will handle him and he will know his place. He wronged me so I have to be the one to teach him a really big lesson. Please, father, let me handle this."

The king stared at his son and just sighed. "Fine, but if he just..."

"That won't happen." Luis swore. "I will make sure he knows his boundaries."

Luis gulped and then relived the whole incident once again. He felt like the whole incident was just powering him up. That very incident was gonna be his driving force. He was gonna make sure that he hits back, hard.

"Son," The queen said, holding his hand. "Please, are you sure you are alright?"

Luis smiled faintly. "Don't worry about me. I am absolutely fine. A little angry but I'll live."

Hearing her son's words, Ruby just smiled and cupped his cheeks. She leaned up and kissed both of his cheeks, drawing soft chuckles from him. It was clear that her son loved her kisses. She was just hoping that the prince was fine. She loved him too much but she also knew that her son was at times stubborn so she just forgot about everything. After all, her son was perfectly fine.

Pulling away from Ruby, Luis hugged his granny and sister tightly, planting lovely kisses on both their cheeks. Then he just stared at the both of them, smiling faintly. He knew he was still angry and with his crazy attitude, he knew he had to calm down. He couldn't be around them when he was in that mood. There was only one thing that he needed to do to calm down.

"Excuse me," Luis said softly, taking a few steps behind. "I need to take a shower."

After saying that, he left the living room to his room where he found out that he was getting restless. The only way he was gonna rest was if he avenged himself. He needed to know the type of punishment the manager had given Aidan.

Luis quickly slipped through his pocket and got out his phone. He quickly dialed Charles' number and waited for him to answer.

"Hey," Charles answered happily. "Finally, you've decided to call me. How did it go?"

Luis remained quiet for a few seconds before he finally spoke. "Can you go to the hotel for me...tomorrow morning?"

"Yes," Charles sounded surprised. "But why..."

"I want you to go and ask the restaurant manager about a boy called Aidan. Tell him the prince was asking okay?"

"Aidan!" He exclaimed. "Is that the boy who is next on..."

"I will tell you later," Luis sighed, rolling his eyes. "Just do that for me. It's really important." He even sounded important. "I will tell you about it later and yes..." He said softly. "...please, this is really important, don't forget. Tell me everything that will happen okay?"

"I will go there tomorrow, okay?" Charles said. "I will drop by to tell you everything."

"Thanks," Luis chuckled to give his friend some happy mood. "Goodnight,"

"Goodnight," Charles replied.

Luis gave a soft chuckled and then cut the call with a gloomy sigh. He was really hoping for some great news the next day. He then threw the phone on the bed and threw himself on it. He couldn't wait for the next day to come so that he could hear how the manager had dealt with Aidan. But that wasn't gonna stop him from executing his revenge. He was gonna make the boy regret and pay for everything that he had done to him.

"Aidan!" Luis nodded, remembering the face of the boy who had humiliated him publicly, a crown prince for that matter.

Luis stayed on his bed, trying to relax which he found impossible. He decided to do what he knew would make him a little calm. He stripped, buck naked and headed into the shower before going downstairs to have dinner with his family.

****

"You're fired," Aidan heard the manager's words hit him again. It had been like that ever since he had got out of the hotel. Each time he heard the words, he felt like shouting to get out what he felt. He promised himself not to cry or let his eyes water. After all, it was just a job and he had the most understanding family. But that didn't stop the words from hitting him like...every second.

He had decided to ignore it but he still couldn't believe he had lost the job after trying for so many months to find one. Anyway, he knew his family was gonna cheer him up. They were gonna understand him since they were against his finding the job in the first place. All he had to do was break the news to them and let life go on. He was not gonna allow a spoiled, egocentric and stupid prince ruin his life. He was just hoping his brother was still home so that he could break the news and get it over with, once and for all.

Aidan increased his pace and just looked confident, looking forward to reach home. At least, he was gonna be with his granny whole day and he was gonna help out. Thanks to a stupid prince whom he hated he was gonna be home whole day.

Aidan reached home in no time. Then he stopped and looked at the small house that he called home...a place where all his memories were. It was not a big and fancy house but he loved it a lot and wouldn't have loved for anything else to change. They might have been poor but they were at least happy. 

As he stood still, looking at the small house, Aidan realized something else. Instead of the three efficient meals that they had been having ever since he started working, it was gonna be two and if he was lucky, three. Gosh! He sighed, wondering why life was treating him so badly. Shit!

Aidan gathered his courage and began rushing to the house. He reached the house and heard voices coming from inside, making him aware that his brother was still around.

"Great!" He thought, taking a deep sigh that took his nervousness away.

Then he continued going but when he was about to open the door...he simply froze and just listened to their conversation. His heart was already worried and he felt nervous again, slightly trembling. His granny and brother were talking and the conversation was nerve wrecking.

"...I think that would be a really good idea." Granny said excitedly. "We can start saving a small portion from both the money you and Aidan earns and then start a small business."

"Yeah, or you can use one of our earnings." Ethan said softly. "Our small business would turn into a huge business and then..." He chuckled excitedly. "...we wouldn't have to worry about anything else in the house."

"It's a good idea and I am sure Aidan would love it." Granny said. "We can use one of your salaries and start the business by the end of the month." Granny sounded really happy. "Then we can be saving until we can expand our business."

"Yeah," Ethan said softly. "With both our salaries..." He chuckled softly, making Aidan's heart to jump. "...we will save a lot before we even realize it."

Granny chuckled. "Let him come back and we will discuss it and..." Aidan pulled away before he could even hear anymore. He was now more nervous than he had ever been. So many words were ringing through his head.

Here he was, happy and hoping that his family was gonna understand him only to find another issue on the way. He knew that they were really happy and expectant. He also knew that they would definitely feel bad if they found out that he had lost his job.

"Could this day get any worse?" Aidan thought, leaning towards a wall.

Aidan knew immediately that his job had just become worse. He couldn't tell them that he had lost his job. He knew that he had to hide that he had lost the job. The only way out of his problem was to look for another job and quick. He also knew that his problems had just taken another turn. It was a really bad moment for him. He hated lying or keeping secrets from his family but he was gonna have to do it.

Aidan leaned to a wall and got lost in his thoughts. Never in his life had he been that desperate for a job. Of course, he knew that his family would understand him and wouldn't get mad at him for anything but...he felt like he was gonna shutter their dreams if he chose to open his mouth and tell them exactly what had happened. OMG, things were really bad. 

Aidan was so lost in his thoughts that he couldn't even hear the door opening even when it was loud. The next thing he felt was a hand on his shoulder. Feeling that hand, he gasped and almost jumped up, feeling scared. He touched his chest and breathed in deeply, moving his eyes to find his brother smiling at him. He was still looking handsome and he carried a bag on his shoulder.

"Buddy," Ethan said softly, rubbing his brother's back. "I didn't mean to scare you."

"It's fine," Aidan said breathlessly, trying to sound as calm as possible. His heart was racing and his nerves were getting the best of him. He was just hoping his brother wouldn't see past him.

"Have you been here long?" Ethan asked, rubbing his brother's shoulder now. "And what are you doing out?"

"I..." He gestured with his hand, stammering in the process. "...I was about to..."

"Are you okay?" Ethan was now concerned for his brother. "You seem..."

"I am fine," Aidan said. He knew he had to cook up a lie to get out of the situation he had found himself in. "I am just tired that's all." He knew he had to act confident. "Are you leaving?" He asked, taking a good look at his brother.

"Yeah," Ethan smiled, nodding his head. "I have to go now. It's already dark."

"I am sorry," Aidan muttered. "I was supposed to help you prepare but..."

"I am not complaining." Ethan chimed in, cupping Aidan's cheeks. "I know that you were busy at work and I understand you completely. Don't worry, I am absolutely fine. There are other days that you can help me get ready."

Aidan nodded, wondering what he might have done to deserve such a nice brother. Why couldn't all men be like his brother, he thought as he enjoyed the soothing warm hands on his cheeks? He felt like crying and telling his brother that he had lost the job but he promised himself never to do that. He needed to hide it and find another job, probably tell them later. Besides, he had no idea how they'd react when he tells them that he had slapped the prince...in public.

"I have to go now." Ethan kissed Aidan's cheeks, ruffled his hair and then left smiling and whistling. At least, Aidan felt a bit relieved when he left. He had handled his brother well but what about his granny? Guess the only way to find out was to get inside.

Taking a deep as he gathered as much confidence as possible, Aidan slowly opened the door and then entered. He was welcomed by a brilliant smile and a tight hug that he wished he didn't pull away. But like all good things, it came to an end.

"You seem tired." Granny said, rubbing his cheeks.

"Yeah," Aidan smiled brightly, not showing any form of doubt. "I had to work overtime so..." he gulped softly. The last thing he wanted was for his granny to find out the truth. "...I am pretty tired, I just hope there is something scrumptious for me." He said, dropping his left hand to his belly. He slipped his hand under the hem of his t-shirt and rubbed on it

. "I am really hungry."

Granny laughed softly. "Of course, I knew that you would reach home hungry so...I prepared something beautiful just for you. Let me go and get it." She ruffled his hair and left while Aidan headed for the small dining. In no time at all, he was having a delicious meal that took away all his worries, at least for some time.

"By the way," Granny started, drawing Aidan's attention. "Ethan and I were thinking of something but we thought we'd ask you first."

Hearing what granny had said, Aidan stopped eating and smiled at her. His heart was suddenly pounding and he could feel himself losing to his nerves. He wanted to keep himself under control or it would be a disaster. The only way he knew how to do it was to act confident no matter what was going to happen.

"What is that?" He asked, taking a mouthful of the food.

"Since you both work and money is not a problem anymore," Granny smiled. "We were just thinking of starting a small business and keep saving until we can expand it. We were thinking of starting the business this month's end. What do you think?"
