 Comments, critiques and tips are warmly welcome.

Hello guys and welcome to yet another chapter of this story. I am really hoping that this chapter will be able to make you happy. I have dedicated it to all of you. I love you guys a lot. Don't forget to drop your comments and rates at the end of this chapter. Enjoy...

*****

Aidan woke up in the morning to a warm sensation and powerful strong arms tightly coiled around him. The warm sensation was Luis holding him tightly, making sure that he was glued to his body. He took in a deep breath and rubbed on Luis' strong arms, pushing his entire body into Luis. He felt his whole body tingling in pleasure and warmth travelling to the rest of his body. Then he chuckled and pushed his body further. He felt the hands tighten and a kiss on the back on his neck. It was really beautiful and for the first time in his life he enjoyed waking up.

"Are you awake?" Luis asked, tightening his grip.

"Hmm," Aidan moaned softly. "Yeah,"

Aidan then quickly turned and came face to face with the wonderful man who was holding. The first thing he felt was Luis' warm breath on his face, making him feel intense vibrations all over his body. Then a smile shot up on that lovely face and giggles of pleasure.

Busy smiling and taking in Luis' warm breaths, Aidan locked his eyes with Luis and stared into those beautiful and captivating eyes that seemed to call to him at that very moment. He got lost in them and just enjoyed the warmth and pleasure Luis was giving him. That was the first time he had ever experienced and felt anything like that just by staring in someone's eyes.

The way Luis was staring at him...the breaths that were hitting his face...the vibrations that took control of his body...the way his heart was beating steadily and most importantly the way Luis was smiling was absolutely wonderful. He could stay like that, just enjoying his life in Luis' strong arms.

Luis on the other hand couldn't even understand or explain what he was feeling. It was a deep feeling of pleasure and warmth. His eyes couldn't tear away from those wonderful green eyes that seemed to have an effect on him. He wanted to kiss that boy a lot and hold him tighter than he did. He had never been like that before. He felt like he was going crazy.

Fuck! Luis had no idea he could even feel something like that. It was really impossible to believe. He felt like it was a dream especially after remembering that it was the same boy he had been arguing with almost since forever, kinda. The feeling was beautiful and he still couldn't believe that he was in love for the first time with a boy he thought he hated more than anyone. How was it even possible that he had suddenly loved someone like that?

"What?" Aidan chuckled nervously, slightly moving his body closer to Luis.

Luis took in a deep breath. "Am I dreaming or is it a reality?"

Aidan stared at his man and took in a deep breath. "This is a reality, baby. Believe it. You and I are together."

"It feels like a dream." Luis said. He held Aidan tighter and leaned down. Then he captured those wonderful lips into the most beautiful morning kiss that left him yearning for more. The kiss was captivating...it was beautiful...it was breathtaking...it was sizzling and it was amazing. He felt like his breath had left him, entering into that very boy he was kissing. He kissed him deeply, sucking on his lips and tongue while feeling a really deep moan escaping the both of them. Their bodies instantly vibrated and Luis felt himself getting hard.

After so long, they came for a much needed air, smiling and rubbing against each other's nose, while trying to catch their breaths. It was clear that love was blossoming, especially Luis. He could feel a really big change in him ever since that time he had accepted Aidan.

"Does that feel real?" Aidan breathed, raising his eyebrow at Luis.

"Those lips are real?" Luis smiled, rubbing against Aidan's lips. "They are sweeter than anything I have ever tasted in my life."

"Hmm," Aidan blushed, passing his finger on Luis' chest, playing with his pajama button. "You sure know how to talk sweet."

"It's the truth." Luis raised his face with his thumb. He planted another kiss on him and breathed in his scent. "You smell sweet too."

"Stop flattering me." Aidan chuckled. "You are making me shy."

"If that's what you look when you are shy," Luis grinned, licking his lips. He just wanted Aidan's lips on his for as long as he lived. There was nothing sweeter than Aidan's lips. Since he had tasted them, that was all that he wanted. He just wanted to kiss him till eternity. "Then you sure have the cutest shy expression."

Hearing his husband's words, Aidan laughed and buried his face into Luis' chest. When he raised his face and stared into Luis' eyes again, he could see tears building in Luis' eyes. He wondered what was making his hunk feel like that.

"Hey!" He called softly, rubbing on Luis' face. "What are you trying to do?"

"I am just happy," Luis gave a killer smile. "It feels so good to be with you. I feel like the luckiest guy on this very earth. You are really like an angel to me. I don't even know what I did in my past life to deserve someone like you. I never thought I could fall in love like this. I never believed in love and always thought it was for fools." He chuckled. "Guess I am also a fool for falling in love." He sighed, loving the wonderful feeling the boy was giving him. "To be honest...I never thought I would fall in love...again..."

"Again?" Aidan gasped, slightly moving his head to stare into the face of the man he loved. "You mean you were in love before?"

Luis nodded in agreement. "I was in love but...my heart was broken." He sighed. "It's the reason why I became like this. I gave her my whole and she still broke my heart. It was so painful that I vowed never to fall in love again." He sighed. "It was the reason I became a gay playboy and the reason why I was arrogant. But with you, I hated you so much and I never even wanted to do anything with you. But now, it's different. The way I feel about you is stronger than anything that I have ever felt in my life. It's actually like you are a part of me that I can't live without. You make me feel like I am going crazy each time I look at you. Your eyes are amazing and your lips are driving me insane." He grinned. "Thank you for being in my life. Now I feel like I have known you forever."

"Oh..." Aidan touched his heart and gasped. Just by listening to Luis' wonderful and heart throbbing words, he felt really happy. They got to him and made his heart beat rhythmically. Now he understood why Luis was like that. But he was happy he opened up and told him everything that had happened. "That is so sweet..." He breathed. "But I am really sorry, I never..."

"That's a past chapter," Luis gushed. "You are my future now and I love you so much."

"Yeah," Aidan sighed. He felt like he needed to tell Luis something too. "Actually I was in love with someone too." He explained to Luis what had happened and the reason why he broke up with his ex boyfriend. When the story ended, Luis' eyes were wide open. He couldn't believe the story.

"Whoa!" Luis sighed. "Guess we've all had our share of heartbreaks." He smiled. "But it turned out in our favor." He chuckled. "Actually, we wouldn't have even fallen for each other if not for the two of them." He laughed. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me...ever."

"That's really sweet," Aidan babbled. "You are the best thing to me too. Baby, I love you so much."

Luis then kissed Aidan and held him tighter. They stayed just like that, silent and without saying any single word. It was like they were communicating with their eyes and their beautiful breaths. Man it was really wonderful. It took really long before Luis spoke to Aidan.

"All this staring has made me really hungry," He said softly. "I wish you were food. I swear I would have devoured you right now." He then gave a loud laugh that filled the entire room. Aidan first opened his eyes wide, loving the words Luis had used on him. Then he joined him and they both laughed really loud.

Aidan then raised his head and took a quick glance at the clock beside the bed, closer to Luis. "Well, it is 8.30. I think we can have breakfast."

"Yeah," Luis breathed. "Would you like it in here or..."

"I prefer with the whole family," He smiled. "This will be like the first real breakfast we will be having with them."

"You are right," Luis released his arms from Aidan's waist and got up, stretching them forward. He rose from the bed and yawned loudly, his eyes still on that lovely boy on the bed. Man, he felt like Aidan was a part of him that was really important now. He sure fell in love for the first time.

Aidan rose from the bed and stood still watching the man as he took the hem of his pajama shirt. He quickly unbuttoned it and threw it away on the bed. Fuck! And Aidan had thought he'd seen Luis completely the night they had sex. He was really hairy. His hair went from his chest, going downwards until it got lost into that pajama trouser. He was really muscular, his chest pointed out like he was one of those weight lifters. And the way his abs moved when he was removing that pajama shirt was breathtaking. Aidan couldn't help but stare. He had never seen a more sexy and masculine man like Aidan. That man was surely a hunk and a hot one at that.

Aidan watched fully even as Luis stripped down the pajama and remained in a sexy pink boxer brief that was really tight. Fuck! He could see the outline of that cock which he had experienced a week ago. Fuck! It was really beautiful. Luis didn't seem to notice as he had his eyes on the door where he kept his clothes. But he was absolutely amazing.

"Those sexy legs," Aidan thought as his eyes moved up and down Luis' legs. They were really hairy and muscular too. It was almost like his whole body was perfect. Aidan felt his body warming up in pleasure just by setting his eyes on those legs.

"Let me get changed for a minute." Luis said even as he headed for the door. "I will be back in just a second okay, baby?"

Aidan didn't even answer the question as he was lost, staring at Luis' body. He only came back to reality after Luis went to the room. He shook his head and smiled, finding himself sitting on the bed. He had a big smile on his face.

It didn't take long and Luis came out of his room dressed in a beautiful brown short, black t-shirt and sandals. He had a huge smile on his face and that smile went straight to Aidan's soul. Man, Luis was really driving him insane. But the truth was that he loved the way Luis made him feel and the way his body vibrated each time Luis was near him. It was almost like a wonderful dream.

"Are you ready?" Luis said softly, resting his hand on top of Aidan's shoulder. And when Aidan nodded and got up, he wrapped his hand around his waist and both of them left the room teasing each other.

While in the elevator, they kissed a number of times, exploring each other's mouths. By the time they got to the living room, their lips were swollen and they were licking them in anticipation of future kissing. The day had really started well and Aidan couldn't have loved anything more than that.

Reaching the living room, they headed straight for the dining and found the family members busy enjoying their breakfast, laughing and chatting with each other. When they saw the happy couple, their smiles just went to another level.

"Good morning!" Luis greeted, slowly rubbing on Aidan's shoulder. He had a great smile on his face.

"Morning!" The whole family said happily. "How was your night?"

"I don't know about Aidan but I had the best night ever." Luis grinned when Aidan rolled his eyes. "But I am sure he had the best night too."

"It was great." Aidan smiled, trying to push Luis away from him.

"Good!" The king said happily. "I am glad to see the two of you this happy. It really makes me happy."

"It is not just you, father." Luis chuckled nervously. "I am sure your happiness is nowhere near what I am feeling right now. It's like the first time I started living." He chuckled when Aidan blushed and dropped his eyes to the floor. "Being in love sure feels good."

"Are you gonna be talking the rest of the morning or are you gonna allow my grandson to have his breakfast?" Granny asked, taking a sip of her morning tea. "I am pretty sure he's hungry."

Aidan chuckled. "I am hungry."

"Alright," Granny grabbed a chair. "Come and sit with me here?" She gestured with her eyes, pointing him to the chair next to her.

Aidan smiled brightly at the old woman. "Sure," He began walking towards her before Luis pulled him and wrapped his arms around his shoulder, making sure that he held him tightly. That was his moment and not granny's.

"Sorry, granny," He laughed. "I think I will be sitting with Aidan today. I really need to sit with him. I hope you don't...never mind that." He chuckled. He led Aidan to the chair and made him sit down while he served him breakfast. Then he sat close to him and did the craziest thing ever. He took a spoonful of the food on the table and brought it to Aidan's mouth.

"Open up," He gestured.

"What?" Aidan felt really embarrassed. He wondered why Luis was doing that. "No!" He chuckled nervously. "I don't think I..."

"Dear," The queen chuckled teasingly. "There is nothing wrong with your husband feeding you breakfast. Trust me all new couples do it all the time. And I mean all the couples," She stared at her husband and grinned when he stared back at her.

"See..." That was like a ticket for Luis. "Even mother understand me. Now open up and let me feed you."

Without even hesitating, Aidan open up and allowed Luis to feed him the entire breakfast. It was really an embarrassing breakfast and he could see the people at the table teasing him like crazy. He wanted to tell Luis to stop but the crazy guy was enjoying everything that was happening. The way he smiled when Aidan ate from his hands actually made Aidan really shy. If only he could have found a way to communicate with Luis where no one could have heard them but he really had no choice. He ate and ate till he was completely full.

After they all had their breakfast, they all went to the living room where they began chatting on an important issue. It was so important that Aidan knew that it was gonna take long. That was like a family meeting.

"Now that you have become a part of my son's life," The king started. "You'll also learn about really important things that you have to do in the palace." He emphasized. "You have to start really working closely with the queen and the princess. It is about time you take some of the queen's responsibilities."

"What?" Aidan's eyes widened. He had no idea when that had come in. "I have to take responsibilities from the queen?" He gasped. "But father, I don't know anything about being royalty. I don't even..."

"Don't worry," Hanna smiled brightly. She cupped his hand and squeezed it since she was closer to him. "That is really easy if you ask me. It is nothing. I am sure nothing is going to change. Just be yourself but you just have to be at important meetings...charity organizations and many others. You have to learn those responsibilities."

"And you have to be the one to plan on balls and parties too." The queen pointed out. "You also have to take care of other things in the palace too."

"But..."

"Don't worry," Luis chuckled softly. "It is not that difficult. Besides, you have Hanna here with you. You can use her as your maid if you want." He joked.

"Really?" Hanna raised her eyebrow when she heard her brother's words. "Anyway, don't mind about him okay?" She squeezed his hands once again. She was making him feel really happy. He was just not sure of those responsibilities but he knew he had to do it. "All that is just a piece of cake and I assure you that you will enjoy them more than spending time with that jerk?" She joked, laughing softly. "Anyway, that is the entire queen's job and since you are not a woman you have to take those responsibilities on your own. But I'll help out so you don't have to worry. Just call on me and we will do it together."

"Thank you." He smiled, squeezing her hand as well. "So when can I start all..." He gestured with his hand.

"After the introduction," The queen chuckled. "After the introduction, you will be recognized by everyone in the kingdom. You were supposed to be introduced during the wedding but...you kinda didn't have a wedding so..."

"I got it!" Hanna gasped, getting up from the chair. "...Instead of just a party? Why can't we throw a big masquerade party?" She was really happy. "That way...the people won't know who he really is. They will just know him when..."

"He takes off his mask," Luis chimed in, happy with his sister's idea. "That will be a really good idea." He gasped. "What do you think dad?"

The king chuckled softly. "Of course, anything for my lovely son and my son in law. I think it will be good for the introduction too, don't you think?" He stared at the queen.

"I think it's a great idea." The queen smiled brightly, looking straight at her husband. "People will be in suspense and they will be eager to see who the prince's spouse is. It will be really great. Guess we have to order a lot of masks." She chuckled, smiling at Aidan. "I just hope you are ready for your first big dance with Prince Luis?"

"What?" Aidan gasped. "Mom...I don't know how to dance...that much. I didn't even know there was a dance. I thought it was just an introduction."

"It is." The queen said. "But he has to dance with you while...everyone watches. It is like a tradition for the prince to open the dance floor. And do you know what else?"

"What?" Aidan was scared with what the queen was going to tell him next. "What is it?"

"The whole party will be seen through the entire kingdom as it will be published in newspapers and magazines." The queen said simply. "It might even be on TV."

"Lucky for you," Hanna sat back on the couch. "You are looking at the queen dancer herself," She pointed at herself. "Two weeks is still a long way if you ask me. I will teach you everything that you want to know. I will teach you all the dances that you might expect someone to dance with you."

Aidan was finally able to breathe fine. "Thank you so much." He smiled, staring at her. "This really means a lot. I don't know what I would have done without you."

"I would have taught you." Luis grinned. "I would have taught you everything that you need for the dance but unfortunately...I will be really busy at a meeting with father. We are preparing for the introduction." Luis and the king still had meetings with the cabinet. They had to explain how the marriage took place and do some things for the party too.

"You?" Hanna gave a teasing laugh. "Don't make me laugh. Since when did you become a dance instructor?"

"I really know how to dance..."

"Yeah," Hanna coughed. "You do. But that doesn't make you a professional like me. I will teach him everything that he needs to know. Just don't embarrass him because he will turn into a pro. He will be like the best dancer there."

"Don't worry," Luis moved his hands as if he was surrendering. "Everything will turn out alright. I am sure he will be the best dancer there. Just can't wait for the day of the introduction." He breathed, getting lost as he stared at Aidan. "It will be a really beautiful day for me."

"For all of us," The king chuckled. "This will be one of the greatest events. It will almost be like...a wedding. You will also have to exchange vows there. You will also exchange rings since you have done none of that."

"I can't wait," Luis winked at Aidan and then laughed when Aidan actually blushed and his cheeks pinkened.
