 Comments, critiques and tips are definitely welcome.

Before I go deep into this story I would like to tell you guys that this story will take a leap of three weeks. I will do a quick summary for you to understand what had happened in those weeks. I am sorry if this offends you but going easy would have definitely made the story longer. Besides, I think you guys need to see the romance side, don't you? Anyway, I really hope you understand. 

Don't forget to drop your comments, views and rates. I do really hope this chapter will be interesting. Thanks...

*****

Aidan moved from the elevator, heading to his room, well Luis' room. He had just come from visiting his family. It's what he has been doing recently to pass the time and avoid Luis' trouble from him. He slowly walked, thinking about the wonderful time he had just had with his family. It was already evening and he had a wonderful dinner at his granny's house before finally returning to the palace.

Reaching the door, he took a deep sigh and then opened the door, praying in his heart for Luis not to talk to him. He quickly began walking inside before he suddenly stopped. He had almost bumped into Luis who was coming out. Aidan moved his eyes up and stared at his husband. The crazy man just moved his eyes and growled in anger.

"Why don't you watch where you are going?" Luis said angrily, furiously passing Aidan. "Are you blind or something? Where were you rushing anyway? This is my room and you should be careful when coming in here." He warned.

Aidan took a quick glance behind. "I am sorry."

"Better be," Luis said, not eve caring. He didn't mind the way he talked to Aidan because he didn't like him and that was final. "Next time watch your steps or you might just land into trouble." He warned, making his way towards the elevator.

"I said, I am sorry," Aidan said a little louder in order for Luis to hear him. But Luis just hissed and entered the elevator.

Rolling his eyes in anger, Aidan forgot about what had happened and then headed inside the room. Reaching there, he looked at Luis' bed. It looked messy probably the guy had just woken up from it. Slowly nodding his head, he took a quick glance behind and smiled brightly, making his way towards the bed. He picked everything up from the bed, put it in its rightful place and made the bed for Luis.

Then he walked slowly to the couch, where he had been sleeping ever since he came into the palace. At least he had been given beddings and the couch wasn't a bad place to sleep on after all. It was sort of comfortable.

Reaching the couch, he sat on it quietly, taking a really deep sigh. Then he moved his eyes to the bed and he swore he saw Luis on the bed, playing with his tablet and growling at him like he usually did when he was angry or not satisfied with anything. He moved his eyes around and looked at his favorite painting, the waterfall on the wall.

Looking at it, he got lost into it and just went to his own world. A wonderful smile decorated his face, making his heart warm as his eyes gazed on that comfy looking bed. He was smiling brightly, imagining all the wonderful things that he wanted to happen in his life. He was still fierce and argued with Luis but something had changed deep within, something that he couldn't understand and hated at the same time. He was just not the same anymore. He was different. 

The crazy thing was that he was seeing Luis in a different way and he was falling for him. He didn't know how it happened or when it happened but he just woke up one day and as usual argued with Luis but after that argument, Luis got to his phone and started smiling. That smile was what had captured Aidan's heart. He saw him differently since that day even though he had tried to avoid it.

Three weeks had passed already since he moved into the palace. All this no sense started two weeks ago when the queen's words suddenly got to him unlike before. That same day, he had been really confused that he didn't even seem to know what was going on around him anymore. He had gone back to the room and sat on his couch, thinking about the queen's words. When Luis had come, he had stared at him for so long. Since that day, he had been observing Luis, arguing with him and disagreeing with him on most occasions. At first, he forgot about everything that the queen had told him. Then about 5 days ago, he had a really wonderful dream and it had involved Luis. It had been a really romantic dream and since then, he had been seeing Luis in a different light. He realized through their arguments and disagreements, he was falling for Luis. They argued, quite alright but he still saw someone else in Luis.

In those three weeks, a lot has changed. His family now lives in a three floor house, filled with servants at their disposal. While they are enjoying their lives, sitting home whole day, dressing fancy and doing everything good, Aidan has still refused to change his wardrobe. He is still not sure he wants to be with Luis even though he has been seeing him quite differently. 

In those three weeks, Luis' family and Aidan's family have gotten together once or twice to have dinner. They seemed to have a great bond even though at both dinners, Luis and Aidan were awfully quiet. It was not what you'd call a perfect family but at least they spoke.

Aidan has gotten used to staying in the palace and though the king, granny and the queen have been a little nice to him, he still has problems with the princess and Luis. The one person who really likes him a lot is the king. He is still not sure about the other, especially Princess Hanna. She has taken every chance to try and insult him. Though he talks back and defends himself, nothing has been changing. He has only been hoping and praying that one day, he might just wake up and everything is perfect. But he is still not sure he wants to have a relationship with Luis.

In those same weeks, Aidan and Luis have had more arguments than is normal. It was like a daily routine for them even though they had to be careful with the king though. Both of them rejected the king's suggestion to let people know about the marriage. The king agreed but he only warned them that he wasn't gonna let it go. They were gonna have another conversation which greatly angered Luis. It was a really big three weeks for Aidan. And it had been like headache to him. Sometimes Luis just took every chance to argue with him. He was just happy he didn't spend much time with Luis. He spent most of it at his family's house. The only time they argued a lot was in evenings. Luis still blamed him for everything.

While still thinking about the things that have been happening to him, Aidan heard the door opening. He quickly moved his mind from his thoughts and got back to reality. He immediately moved his eyes to the door, seeing Luis standing near the bed, looking really surprised.

Luis on the other hand couldn't believe what he was just seeing. He had just gotten out of his room to go downstairs to get a package and now he is back to find things were not exactly the way he had left them. He got really mad that Aidan had touched his stuff. He was really angry.

"Who removed my things?" Luis bellowed, pointing at the bed. "Who messed with my things?"

Aidan quickly got up upon hearing Luis' question. He moved closer and then took a really deep breath. "Well, I thought I..."

"How many times have I told you not to touch my stuff?" Luis said harshly, trying as best as he could not to raise his voice. He didn't want his father to hear that he was arguing with Aidan.

"I am really sorry," Aidan apologized. "Everything was so messy that..."

"How is that your fucking business?" Luis yelled. "Don't touch my stuff." He snapped, furiously dropping his hands. "How long do I have to tell you that I don't need your..."

"Hey!" Aidan snapped. "Don't insult me okay? I only did you a favor here. You should be thanking me and not..."

"Well, thank you," Luis yelled. "But no thanks. I don't want you touching my stuff. Stay away from me and everything that belongs to me."

"Look..."

"Is that too much to ask?" Luis was angry again. He always got angry whenever he saw Aidan. "For the last time..."

"I have heard you." Aidan said impatiently, gesturing Luis to stop talking. "I only did what I thought was good. I never knew..."

"Next time know." Luis yelled, pointing his hand at Aidan. "I don't even know why you always disturb me every time. Can't you live your life and I live mine? Please, leave me alone to enjoy my life okay? I don't want the likes of you. I don't even want to have anything to do with you."

"I am..."

"You are not married to me." Luis snapped. "We are married but to me, you are nothing."

"I know that." Aidan defended, dropping his hands to his hips. "Do you think I enjoy being married to you? If not for you, I would have been having fun with my family."

"Yeah, in your little..."

"Yeah, in my little house," Aidan said. "I don't care if we used to live in a little house." Aidan was angry with the words that Luis had used. He hated him for that. He hated how Luis reminded him of the house he used to live in. "We were really happy until you came around and ruined my life."

"You ruined my life." Luis exclaimed, pointing at himself. "You are probably enjoying everything that you got. You may have..."

"Look, I am done with this." He said angrily. "I am done with you insulting me."

"Well, why don't you leave me alone?" Luis snapped.

"Awww," Aidan shrugged, snarling his teeth. Then he got out of the room, leaving Luis on his own. He hated Luis for doing what he was doing to him.

"Stupid little fucker," Luis muttered, looking around everywhere. "And where the fuck is my tablet?" He yelled, kicking on the bed as hard as he could. He wanted his tablet so he could go online and chat. "Fuck!" He cursed, looking all around him. He saw the tablet near the bed, on a small table. He quickly grabbed it and sat on the bed.

Luis then opened his tablet and logged in. In the last three weeks that he had been home, he had discovered a gay hooking up site for men in Angria. As soon as he saw it, he got interested and registered. Since then he had been spending his time on that site, sex chatting and dirty talking with some hot men all over the globe. Of course, they never knew that he was a prince since he used a different user name and his profile picture was just flowers.

In the last three weeks Luis has been sex chatting with hot men on that hooking up site. He has been sharing dirty photos and videos with men and for the first time in his life he felt like he was being punished. For the first time he used his hands to satisfy himself but that was only once. He found jerking off really irritating. He just chatted with those men while feeling like being tortured seeing all those crazy asses and men. Fuck! He could cum just by looking at them. He would have gone out, fucked as many asses as he could find but thanks to one idiot he could no longer do that. He just stayed at home with his granny and especially his sister who always made him feel better. 

Luis would have gone out to fuck but never would he go out with that ugly stitch on his forehead. He was a handsome hunk and didn't want stupid questions being thrown at him. He was just gonna have to wait plus his mother insisted he stayed home till he got completely healed. He still couldn't believe that he had gone a whole three without having sex with someone hot. It was unbelievable because the longest he had gone without sex since he became a playboy was only five days. And that had been because he was preparing for exams. But it was surprising. He never even got hard but only when he was sex chatting.

What Luis had failed to understand was how his wound was healing slowly. At that rate, it was supposed to be completely healed but...it just didn't make any sense. It was just a fucking cut on his forehead and yet it still didn't get healed faster. 

In those three weeks only god knows how many times he has argued with Aidan. He still gets angry at Aidan but not most of the times, most of the times he sees arguing with him as...normal. It has become a part of his life. He still hates his father big time and does whatever it is to avoid him. Yes, he hates Aidan too but he loves arguing with him.

Getting out of his thoughts, Luis opened his tablet and then began chatting with his new found friend. He was planning on being a playboy fulltime after he gets healed. No one was gonna stand in his way.

***

"Who does he think he is?" Aidan granted as the elevator door opened. He had nowhere to go so he had decided to just walk around the floors. He was now familiar with everywhere in the palace, thanks to a guard he had asked for help.

"Seriously, I am really tired of him." He complained, making his way out. He was on the tenth floor, walking around just to pass the time. The only thing he was hoping for was to find Luis asleep so that he could have some peace without getting disturbed. "And to think that I was starting to think there is a good side." He grunted, walking slowly on the passage way. "He is so arrogant and...uh," He groaned, clenching on his fists. "I will show him and..." Aidan trailed off and stood still. He could hear voices coming from a room. 

Hearing the voices, Aidan paid attention and noticed that the voices were coming from Hanna's room. He had never been there but he very well knew that it was Hanna's room. Her voice sounded really angry. He couldn't help but hear. He began walking slowly, going near the room.

Getting closer to the room, he began hearing clearly what the conversation was all about. It seemed like Hanna was arguing with someone, her boyfriend.

"What do you want me to do?" Hanna yelled. "I can't do that. You clearly have maids working under you so why should I suffer for it." There was a moment of silence before she spoke again. "I know how to do that but I am a princess and..." She was silent again. "I don't care about your views. As my boyfriend, I expect you to understand me and... no, you can't do that to me...well, and I will never do that in your house." There was silence again. "I am not a maid you know. It's either you accept that or...what?" She yelled. "Hello!"

Aidan clearly heard her crying out in anger. Then a strong noise of something breaking could be heard coming from that very room. Aidan knew that she had broken the phone. In just a few moments, he could hear screaming and then cries and sobs. He listened and then took a deep breath.

"That's not my business." He thought, quickly turning to leave.

But his heart was troubling him. How could he leave her alone like that? She was in need of someone to talk to her but what would she want from him? She had made it clear to him that she didn't accept him or want to do anything with him. In other words, she hated him a lot.

Moving his ears closer, he could hear that she was crying. He was the kind of person who liked helping people out. He didn't care whether she hated him or not. All he knew was that she needed his help with things. 

Taking a deep breath of confidence, Aidan took a step and then knocked on the door. There was no answer. He knocked again and then after some seconds, the door opened, revealing a confident looking princess. Aidan could see that she had rubbed her tears.

"What do you want?" Hanna snapped, walking back inside the room. "Didn't I warn you to stay away from me?"

"I am sorry," Aidan entered the room and closed the door behind him. "It's just that I heard you crying and..."

"You were eavesdropping on me?" She yelled. "Who do you think you..."

"Call it whatever you want." Aidan equally snapped, getting closer to her. "I know you have a problem and you are hiding it. I heard about it and..."

"Why does it matter to you?" Hanna grumbled, getting up from the bed. She went and stood near a window. "You have no right to meddle in my affairs. You are nothing to me."

"You are right," Aidan went to her, gripped her and then abruptly turned her towards him. "I have no right. But you need to tell someone your problem. Maybe I should go and tell the queen so that she can help you and..."

"No!" Hanna hollered, gripping Aidan's arm. "Please, don't go and do that."

"Well, tell me what exactly is wrong." He demanded. "I know you hate me and we are not friends but I can try to help."

Hearing Aidan's statement, Hanna's eyes watered. "Why would you want to help me?" Hanna said harshly. "I clearly don't want anything to do with you."

"I don't know," Aidan smiled. "I just wanna help you out. I am a kind of person who likes helping others. Besides, I am not doing this so that I can be your friend."

"You can't help me out." Hanna sighed. "No one can..."

"I can try," Aidan smiled brightly. "Help can come from anywhere even from...an enemy."

Hanna stared at Aidan and then took a deep breath. "It's my boyfriend." She sobbed, trying to hide her tears. "He just told me he wants to break up with me."

"Oh my god," Aidan gripped Hanna and led her to the bed. He made her sit down and then held her hands. "What happened? How did that happen? Please, tell me everything."

"Well," She sobbed. "He came back just three days ago after spending many years abroad. I went to see him in his house and he expected me to make his food and help him with some things." She sobbed. "He has maids everywhere but he expected me to do it. I refused him because I am a princess. I can't do household chores. But he has been arguing with me ever since and he broke up with me a few minutes ago."

"Is that all?"

Hanna gulped. "He also said I nag too much."

Aidan smiled and then sat closer to Hanna. He had a really perfect solution for her. "I have a solution and it will only work if you listen to what I say carefully."

"I will," Hanna exclaimed, rubbing her tears off. "I love him so much and I don't want to lose him. I can't bear to lose him. He is really important to me."

Aidan chuckled softly. "Please, don't take this personal but you do nag a lot." He said with a smile. He didn't even miss the surprise look on the princess' face when he told her that. "It's true." He squeezed her hand. "Your attitude is just too...bad. Just look at the way you have been treating me and the other maids in this palace. No man wants to live with a woman like that. You might try to start being nice to him." He chuckled softly.

Hanna tried to speak but tears fell instead. She couldn't believe she was listening to Aidan about issues of the heart. She hated him and he was the only one that was there for her during difficult times. She felt really embarrassed especially after what had happened.

"I think you should be a little nice." He shrugged. "And cooking for your man and doing other things for him is not cheap. It only shows just how much you love him. It shows that you are willing to do anything for him."

"But..."

"If you really love that man," He nodded, smiling really brightly. "Then you will do what it takes to make him happy. Do what I tell you and I assure you that you will have your man back. You will also live happily together. You won't regret anything. They say the way to a man's heart..." He paused and rubbed on his belly, grinning at Hanna. "...is through is stomach. He probably just wants to see how much you love him."

"Are you sure?" Hanna quavered, squeezing Aidan's hands. 

Aidan chuckled. "I am really sure." He smiled. "Try that and you will never ever be disappointed. I am willing to receive any punishment if that doesn't work."

Hanna sighed nervously, rubbing her tears. "I will try. I will go to his house tomorrow morning and I just hope it will work."

"It will." Aidan got up and began going towards the door. He was gonna go back to his room. He was gonna ignore the jerk and he was gonna go to sleep. That was exactly what he was gonna do.
