 Hello and a great welcome to the 6th chapter of this story. Before I go into writing I would love to thank you for your great. I hope this chapter will be really interesting to you guys. Don't forget to drop your comments at the end of this chapter and don't ever forget to rate. Enjoy...

*****

Aidan suddenly stopped running, putting his hand on his chest while he tried to catch his breath. He had been running for close to thirty minutes before finally stopping. His heart was racing in fear...he was struggling to breathe properly...his body was hot all over and he was already sweating. He stopped running and felt just how tired he was. He couldn't walk anymore. He needed rest a bit before finally continuing on his journey.

Looking all around, he saw a stone just in front of him. He quickly went there and sat, putting his head on his palm. Then thoughts of different kinds were now on his mind. The first one was Luis...the second one was what had happened to him, everything that had happened to him that very night. He failed to understand what had happened when he found himself on the ground. He failed to believe that he had done that to those men that wanted to rape him. 

Sure, he was thankful he didn't get raped because that massive cock he had seen earlier was big enough to make him scared. He would have bled to death. He thanked his lucky stars for that. But he still failed to understand how he had done it. What kind of powers were those, he wondered? After sitting for so long trying to think, he decided to forget about it. Maybe it was the high priest's powers that had protected him. Yes, that was the only answer he got. Surely the almighty couldn't allow the spouse of the prince to be raped so he had protected him.

"Phew!" Aidan was able to breathe once he came to that conclusion. He prayed in his heart, thanking God for saving him back there and for giving him strength and power. All the worries except Luis went away. He was just left with Luis and he very well knew that he was gonna be worried for as long as he lived.

When Aidan raised his face and opened his eyes after so long, he realized that it was still dark. He had no idea what the time was but he needed to get to his granny. Only God knows why the time had passed so fast, he thought as he got up from where he was seated. He slowly began walking to his granny's house before it was morning.

After walking just a bit, he reached the large green gate and felt like he was alive. He had survived the night and though it wasn't bright, he had survived. He felt tears building in his eyes. Nothing was gonna hurt him at his granny's and that was it.

Taking a deep breath, Aidan knocked and in no time the guard opened the gate and he entered. He walked slowly, looking at the house. It was brightly lit by lights everywhere. He could clearly see the bright house. It was really huge and with a total of 16 rooms. He thanked the king for providing his family with that house. It really helped with a lot especially with the workers. What was more was that he had opened accounts for both his granny and his brother.

Walking slowly, he reached the house and knocked. After some time a maid opened the door and bowed her head.

"Your highness," She said. 

Aidan smiled faintly and walked slowly inside the house. It was big inside and the couches were absolutely wonderful. He looked up the stairs and it seemed like no one had woken up yet. He didn't want anyone to ask him why he had come like that in the night. No!

"My prince should I go and..."

"No," Aidan gulped, quickly turning around. "Please, don't wake any of them. I don't want them to even know that I am here. Tell them that I came in the morning when it was bright."

"But my prince," Her voice sounded not sure and her face was not bright too. "How can..."

"Please," He begged. "I don't want them to get worried that I came here when..."

"Buddy..." Too late...Aidan heard his brother's voice. He closed his eyes shut and felt just how his nerves got to him. He never wanted his brother to find out or know that he had come that late.

"What are you doing here?" Ethan asked, quickly rushing down the stairs. "Aren't you supposed to be sleeping at the palace? Is anything wrong?"

Ethan quickly came down to the living room and gripped his arm. He quickly turned him around and cupped his cheeks. The maid bowed and excused herself.

"Aidan!" Ethan said nervously, passing his hands on his cheeks. "What are you doing here at this time? And where are the palace guards? Didn't anyone come with you?"

Aidan took a deep sigh and opened his eyes. "No one came with me. I came alone." His voice was barely above a whisper. He was so nervous that he was even trembling in fear.

"What?" Ethan hollered, filling the whole living room with his voice. "You came here alone? What were you thinking?"

"Please, keep it down." Aidan gestured, hoping his granny didn't hear Ethan's voice. "Please, don't let granny hear you. Please..."

"What's wrong with you?" Ethan said harshly. "What were you thinking? You mean you came all the way from the palace alone on foot?"

Aidan nodded and Ethan groaned. "These streets are filled with killers and rapists. What if something bad had happened to you? Do you know what I would have done?"

Something had happened alright. But Aidan was not gonna tell his brother that. He was just gonna forget about everything since he wasn't even hurt. "Nothing happened to me. I am absolutely fine and..."

"Wait..." Ethan looked at Aidan in a strange way. Then he laughed nervously and rested his hand on his head. "Did you tell anyone that you are here?" He asked.

Hearing that question, Aidan dropped his eyes to the floor. "No!"

"Aidan!" Ethan couldn't believe it. "What were you thinking? What could have been so important that you left in the middle of the night? I know you left hours ago because it takes a whole two hours drive just to reach here. What was so important?" He asked. "Anyway forget about it," Ethan said, gripping Aidan's arm. "I am taking you back to the palace right now."

"No!" Aidan gasped, releasing his arm from Ethan's grip. He took a few steps back as tears formed in his eyes. "I am not gonna go back there. I will stay here and..."

"What?" Ethan's mouth gaped in surprise. "Why? I thought we talked about this. Did the prince hurt you in any way?"

"No!" Aidan tried to stifle his tears but they just dropped to his cheeks.

"Why are you crying?" Ethan said, getting closer to Aidan. "Please, don't cry okay? Tell me what really happened that made you leave the palace at night."

"I don't want to talk about it." Aidan said, trying to rub his tears off. "I don't want...I can't say..."

Ethan sighed and then wrapped his arms around him. He brought him to his chest and softly rubbed on his chest. "Aidan, baby," He spoke so softly. "I am your brother and you have never hidden anything from me. Aside from that, we are best friends and you know that. Tell me what had happened at the palace. I am really worried."

Aidan heard Ethan's pleas and honestly he wanted to tell him what had happened but he just couldn't. How was he going to tell his brother that he had just slept with Luis? He just couldn't do it no matter what he tried to do.

"Please, tell me what happened?"

"I can't," Aidan sobbed, burying his head deeper into Ethan's chest. He really felt on his brother's chest. "I can't just go back to the palace. I don't want to see Luis. I just can't see him and...he..."

"Oh my god," Ethan gasped, raising his brother's head. He looked at him and something came to his mind. "Did...did he rape you?" Ethan felt his heart begin pounding in his chest.

Hearing Ethan's question, Aidan felt tears pouring down his face. He was crying. He felt like an idiot for what he had done.

"He raped you didn't he?"

Aidan dropped his eyes. "No!" He said softly. "I...I slept with him." His heart was now pounding deeper in his chest. He felt really dirty like he had committed a crime. He hated the way he was feeling. He hated the pain he felt in his ass. It was a reminder that he had just slept with someone that didn't love him. He had slept with a guy that treated him like trash.

"You slept with him?" Ethan exclaimed, slowly leading Aidan to a couch. "But he's your husband." He made Aidan sit and then held him tightly. "There is nothing wrong with sleeping with your husband. You two were gonna do it sooner or later."

"There is nothing wrong with it," Aidan said softly. "But he never considers me as his husband. Sure, I will admit that I have developed some feelings for him but..." He sighed and buried his head into his brother's chest. "...to him what happened was nothing. I am just one of the numerous guys he has slept with. It might have been something to me but it was nothing to him. I couldn't face him anymore. I couldn't look in his eyes. I didn't want him to see me as one of his sex...his sex..." He couldn't do it anymore. He cried softly and hoped his brother understood him.

Ethan on the other felt really bad for his brother. He had never seen him look like that before. His brother was always fierce...he was always lively...he was always strong. But that boy he was seeing was broken. He felt really bad and he understood him completely.

"I am really sorry," Ethan sighed, planting a kiss on Aidan's forehead. "I didn't know that was what happened. I know it hurts to be treated like that. But how did this happen?"

"It happened so suddenly," Aidan sobbed, feeling a slight headache kick in. "I thought...he...I didn't even know how it happened. I don't think I could face him when he woke up. I didn't want to see me as a cheap boy and treat me like one. I left before he could wake up."

"That's really risky." Ethan said. "You shouldn't have left in the middle of the night. You should have waited until it was dusk. You could have even asked a guard to bring you."

"I don't know what had happened." Aidan cried. "I didn't even realize I was out of the palace. I only found myself walking on the streets. I was so confused."

"You could have called me." Ethan sighed. "I wouldn't have taken it if something happened to you on those streets."

"I am sorry,"

"It's okay." Ethan said, holding his brother tightly. "You are here already and you are safe." He sighed, planting another kiss on Aidan. "But I think you need to rest. You need to calm down."

Aidan raised his head and looked at Ethan. He nodded in agreement and rubbed his tears off. He wasn't used to crying a lot and he didn't like it. But in situations like that he had no control anymore. He just wanted to feel better. Why did he have to sleep with Luis in the first place?

"Would you like to sleep with me?" Ethan asked softly.

"Yes!" Aidan said, trying to smile. But he never even managed to do that. He was just too sad. "I would really love that."

"Okay." Ethan said, smiling brightly. "Let me just go and get some water. I will be back in a minute."

Aidan nodded and Ethan left for the kitchen. Aidan somehow felt a little better that Ethan had understood him and that he had talked to him in the first place. But he was still worried and confused. He was in pain and so many questions were in his mind.

Seated on the couch while waiting for Ethan, the images of Luis and him having sex came to him. The way Luis kissed him...the way he removed his clothes...the way he had fingered him...the way he had taken him...the way his cum had filled him...the screams and moans...the ecstatic pleasure he had felt and the orgasm.

Thinking about those things, Aidan started having stupid thoughts. Many questions, new questions were coming to his mind and he just didn't like them. He had many funny questions.

"Was that how Luis kissed all of his men?" He wondered, feeling himself tense up. "Was that how he fucked them? Did he call all of them baby? Did he breathe and moan like that with those other men? Did he cum like that?

Fuck! He was in pain and he just didn't know what to do to get rid of those crazy thoughts. Ethan was right. He needed to sleep so that he could forget about everything. He needed to forget because he was not gonna go back to the palace. He just couldn't bear to look in the eyes of Luis. He didn't want to give Luis the wrong idea about himself.

In just a few minutes, Ethan came back smiling with a bottle of cold water.

"Let's go." He said.

Both Aidan and Ethan headed upstairs to Ethan's room where they slept. Aidan didn't even have any difficulty to sleep. He was so tired that he just closed his eyes and slept.

***

Luis suddenly woke up from a long, satisfying, beautiful and erotic dream. He felt fresh...he felt fulfilled...he felt super excited and his body was vibrating in pleasure. He had never felt like that before. It was like his every sexual needed had been taken care of. He didn't feel any urge to fuck like he usually felt every morning. It was strange.

He opened his eyes, rose from the bed and stretched his arms, giving a loud and satisfying yawn. Before he knew it his face was brightened by a radiant smile that made his mood extra special. He was so...so happy in that mood.

"Fuck!" He swore, slowly sitting on the bed. 

He slowly rubbed on his eyes and smiled brightly. Fuck! He couldn't remember a thing of what had happened the previous night. He just knew that he had woken up happy and from an erotic dream that left him really happy and in a bright mood.

Moving his hands from his eyes, he rubbed them together and that was when he saw it. There was dry blood on both his hands, making him wonder. He quickly raised his hands, carefully examined them and truly it was dry blood.

Seeing the blood on his hands, he quickly moved the sheet which was covering him and saw that he was naked. His eyes moved to his cock and there was dry blood too. He moved his eyes in surprise and looked straight ahead, trying to relive what had happened to him. He remembered the hotel, Aidan, home and...oh my god, he completely remembered what had happened the previous night.

"Fuck!" He cursed, burying his face on his palms. He completely remembered that he had fucked Aidan the previous night. It was the reason why he was feeling really sexually satisfied and all. "Fuck!" He hit his head. "What the fuck did I just do?"

Luis couldn't believe that he had done that. He couldn't believe he had fucked Aidan after all that he had been saying to him. He had been telling him to keep his distance and he clearly remembered telling him that he hated him so what had just happened, he wondered, gripping on his hair as hard as he could. Then he screamed throughout the room. He didn't like what he was feeling.

"What the fuck did I just do?" He grunted, furiously moving his face from his palms. He moved his eyes around, trying to see if he could spot Aidan. He looked on the couch but the guy was not there.

"Fuck!" He cursed, staring at the dry blood on his cock. "I didn't even fucking use protection. What was I thinking?" He groaned.

His mind slipped to the incident that had happened the previous night. He remembered everything. Remembering what exactly had happened, Luis felt the anger building up deep inside of him. His heart began pounding so hard. His body felt powered up and his mood just changed. He asked himself a lot of questions, demanding for answers. He was really mad and whatever had happened didn't make him happy at all. It made him fume.

"And I fucking kissed him," Luis moved his hands and began wiping his lips, getting rid of whatever that Aidan had left on his sweet lips. "Fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck..." He rubbed furiously, biting his lips. He swore he could still feel Aidan's tongue moving inside of him.

"Aidan!" He yelled, hoping the boy could come and explain himself. "Aidan, fucking come here." 

He felt like he needed to clear some things up with Aidan, putting him in his place and blame him for everything but he was not coming. He was probably hiding because he was scared of seeing Luis.

"This is his entire fault." Luis fumed. "He seduced me into fucking him." He moved his hands all over his body, noticing another shocking and nerve wrecking thing. He quickly moved his eyes to his belly and saw the dry cum on his belly.

"Fuck..." He roared. That was definitely Aidan's cum. He felt disgusted and really mad. He quickly rose from the bed and rushed to his bathroom. He needed a shower. He needed a long shower for that matter. He didn't like the fact that he had slept with Aidan without protection. 

Reaching the bathroom, Luis ran into the shower and had a really long shower. He made sure that he washed every part of his body, especially Aidan's cum and his blood away. By the time he was done bathing, he was feeling really fresh and cool. He felt a bit calm and he definitely didn't want to see Aidan again. He didn't want to look at his face or he was gonna do something really bad. Fuck, he couldn't believe his cock had been in Aidan's ass. He didn't want to accept it.

Coming out of his room with a towel wrapped around his waist and toweling his hair, he made a quick scan of the room and truly, Aidan was not in the room. He only saw one thing which reminded him of Aidan, the thing that made him fume. It was Aidan's small bag. He quickly moved to it and kicked as hard as he could, sending it flying to the balcony door. He felt a little better but he was gonna feel good when he kicked Aidan like that.

He took a deep breath and went to get dressed. He came back in a light blue skinny jean, yellow t-shirt and green sandals. He looked around and still no sign of Aidan. He nodded his head and went to his bed, throwing his body there.

He began thinking and thinking, hating on Aidan a lot. In just a few minutes he felt really hungry. He had never been that hungry before and he couldn't wait to have his breakfast in his room like he had been doing the past two weeks. He quickly fixed himself up and headed down the stairs.

While in the elevator, Luis just prayed Aidan was not downstairs or he was gonna snap at him in front of his family. He was gonna tell him all kinds of things. So he was just praying Aidan wasn't downstairs or in the dining room.

Reaching the dining, Luis found all of his family members having their breakfast including the man he had come to hate, his father. Lucky for him, Aidan was not with them. He was really happy Aidan was not with them but he was sad that he was gonna have to eat breakfast with his father.

Taking a deep breath, he entered the dining and grabbed a seat beside his sister. A maid immediately came to serve him his breakfast.

"Good morning!" Everyone greeted, smiling at him.

"Morning," Luis said rudely, getting his cup of tea.

"Hmm," Granny said, smiling. "This is really a change. I can't remember the last time you had breakfast with us. It is really nice to have breakfast with you again.

Hearing his granny, Luis smiled and took a sip of his tea. "Yeah," He rolled his eyes as if he didn't care. "It's been really long. But what is breakfast with your family when you don't feel like you don't belong to that family?" He stared at his father and moved his eyes away.

"Luis!" The queen whispered, gesturing him to shut up.

"What?" He shrugged, holding his tea with his hands. "Isn't it the truth?"

There was a moment of silence after Luis said that. All the people at the dining table just had their breakfast in peace. The king on the other hand was not feeling good at all. Being hated by his son was just too much but he had to endure it if it meant being a perfect king and a perfect father. Eventually, according to the priest, Luis was gonna forgive him.

Taking a deep sigh, the king looked in the direction of his son. "By the way, where is Aidan? He should have been down to have his breakfast..."
