 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

This gay story is entirely a work of fiction and my own imagination. This story has just turned into a gay fantasy romance. I hope it will be really interesting for you guys. I love you a lot. Don't forget to drop your comments and rates about this chapter at the end. Enjoy the story...

***

Aidan suddenly opened his eyes, moving them from side to side. Something was wrong. He was panting as if he was losing his breath. His heart was racing unlike never before, pounding deep in his chest. He was sweating terribly and he could feel sweat dripping from his body. His temperature was way beyond normal and he couldn't understand it. He was burning up like never before. The hormones in his body were getting out of control and he couldn't do a thing. He felt like a prisoner to those hormones.

Aside from the burning up and the panting of his heart, Aidan could feel something moving inside of him. It was really powerful and he couldn't quite explain it. There was a powerful energy that was surrounding him and he could feel it. It was making him stronger, triggering something inside of him, something that was feeling him up with desire.

It was like something was trying to take control of his body right there. The hormones were constantly been released and he could feel them taking effect. They were taking control of him faster than fast, making him really horny.

Aidan had felt he was horny the moment he had woken up. His cock was as hard as iron, something that had never happened before. It was throbbing painfully, threatening to tear his boxer. And it was leaking pretty badly. As if that was not enough his hole...his hole was twitching terribly in need of cock. Those things had never happened to him before and not in the middle of the night.

The strong emotional feelings that he felt at that time were powerful than they had ever been. It was like they had just erupted to the surface, making his body vibrate while his brain filled up with all kinds of crazy ideas.

With all those things happening at the same time, Aidan could feel it. He could feel that something was wrong with him. He could feel it from the way his hole was twitching in need of cock...from the way his cock was hard...from his strong breaths...from his sweat...from those powerful vibrations that felt like he was connected to a cable of electricity. 

Aidan was so lost. It was like every movement made everything worse. The vibrations were getting stronger and so was the energy that surrounded him. His cock was throbbing painfully that he felt like someone was hitting him with an iron bar. His hole's twitching got out of hand that he thought he was gonna go insane with desire. It felt like it was connected to a vibrator or something, but it was more than that. That feeling was not normal at all.

"What's happening to me?" Aidan breathed, moving his head on Luis' chest. "Fuck!"

Aidan was horny. That energy he was feeling deep inside of him made him hornier than he had ever been before. He was so horny that his head started hurting, pulsing with each passing second. He tried to move away from Luis' grip but got caught up when he moved his head and met with Luis' face. 

When Luis' breathe suddenly hit his face...a powerful and yet pleasurable feeling took control of his body at that time and if he was not mistaken things just got out of control. That vibration travelled straight to his brain and it just made everything intense. His body instantly started quivering in pleasure, vibrating as if there was no tomorrow. He knew what he wanted. He needed a sexual release. He didn't care but he just needed that man right there. He needed him badly.

Aidan licked his lips sensually and moved his hands up to cup the face of the man that he loved. He moved his hands on that wonderful face, rubbing against him. Then he leaned down and captured Luis' lips in the most wonderful kiss ever.

Fuck! He was on fire. Everything that he felt just made him hornier. The breath on his face...Luis' lips...his body...his tongue...everything. He wanted him right there. He needed him to make love to him right there. He didn't care about the time or anything else. All he needed was that man he was kissing.

Cupping Luis' cheeks further, Aidan sucked on his lips like he had never done before. He was being violent and he didn't care. He continued on kissing that guy until he felt his breaths change and he began responding to the kiss, moving his hands up his body. He needed him.

Aidan opened his eyes and just in time to meet with the eyes of the surprised looking man that was staring in his eyes. It was clear he was surprised by Aidan's actions. But Aidan just needed his cock. He needed to feel his seed deeper inside of him.

Luis on the other hand had just woken up suddenly to be surprised by a beautiful but really violent kiss. Aidan had never kissed him like that before so it was quite surprising. He opened his eyes wide and responded to that kiss, looking at the boy that was kissing him. But when Aidan opened his eyes...Luis noticed something was wrong. He noticed that something was wrong with Aidan.

First of all, Luis had never seen so much lust in Aidan's eyes before. It was almost like...that wasn't Aidan at all. Then secondly, Aidan was sweating terribly. Luis had never seen him like that. His whole face was dripping like someone had poured water on him. Man...Luis could feel that Aidan was wet all over. Even that sweat had made Luis wet but that was not all...Aidan's body temperature was really high. It felt like...nothing he had ever felt before. That got him worried immediately because those things were not normal.

Luis moved his hand up and held Aidan's neck, bringing him closer. Then he felt just how hot Aidan was. Things were not alright and he could see that. But he didn't know what would have made Aidan to be like that. He was definitely worried.

With a final kiss, Luis pulled Aidan's lips away from his lips. Then he slightly raised his head and looked at him and noticed just how wet the boy was. A big frown appeared on his face. His heart was now racing and he was suddenly nervous and really worried.

"Baby..." Luis breathed, slowly panting. "Are you okay? Why..."

"I am okay." Aidan's voice was filled with so much lust too. "Make love to me." Aidan demanded rather than ask. "I want you to make love to me now."

Luis was surprised at the sudden command in Aidan's voice. He quickly rose and held Aidan, looking at him. "Baby...your body temperature. You are burning up," He rested his hand on Aidan's face, checking his body heat. He got surprised at how wet his hand became. "I think you might be sick or something. We need to see a doctor. This is beyond normal okay?" Luis tried to move the beddings away but Aidan held his wrist and brushed him off.

"I am fine," Aidan was still sweating. "I don't need a doctor." He was getting closer to Luis' lips, moving in too powerful. "I need you. I need you to make love to me. I need to feel you inside of me."

Luis was still surprised. He had that expression of surprise and shock on his face. He quickly moved his eyes to the clock and then got back to Aidan. "Do you realize what time..."

"I don't care," Aidan leaned forward and planted his lips on Luis', kissing him furiously. 

Feeling Aidan's hot lips, Luis kissed him but broke the kisses once again as he had no idea why Aidan was acting like that. "Baby..." He whispered, cupping his cheeks. "Please, look at me. You are not feeling well..."

"I am fine." Aidan brushed Luis' hands off. "I just need your cock. Try to understand me. I don't need any doctor...I need you right now. Make love to me. Take me baby..." He licked his lips as he gave Luis one hungry look. "I want to feel you deep inside of me. I want to feel your cock pleasuring my body. Please..."

"Aidan...try..."

Before Luis could even finish his sentence, Aidan got on top of him faster and captured his wonderful lips once again. Feeling those lips again, Luis felt really helpless. He couldn't do anything as Aidan came in too powerful. He was still worried but maybe he needed to give Aidan what he really wanted and after that call the doctor.

After some time, Luis gave up and began responding to that wonderful kiss. He dropped his hands to Aidan's waist, bringing him closer to his body. He felt him moan in that kiss. Luis slowly massaged Aidan's body and then just concentrated on the kiss that he was sharing with the wonderful boy.

Aidan on the other hand was just in his own world, a world of fucking torture. That kiss was not helping out with anything at all. What he needed was a real cock and not some fucking kiss. He didn't even know why he was feeling like that but all he knew was that he was gonna go insane if Luis didn't give him that cock.

Kissing Luis furiously, Aidan moved his hands to Luis' pajama trouser. He slipped his hand right through and found his husband's semi hard cock. He pulled it out and started stroking it, feeling it growing in his hands. He stroked it faster until it was in full swing. That was what he wanted. He had enough kisses for a lifetime.

With a loud moan of ecstasy, Aidan pulled away from Luis' mouth, still stroking him. He looked deep in his eyes, seducing him with his eyes. Luis had never been so turned on by looking in Aidan's eyes. It was like Aidan was commanding him with those eyes without even speaking. Aidan's super hot body felt amazing too but he was still worried.

"Make love to me." Aidan demanded. "I want your cock now."

"Baby..." Luis moaned deeply, biting his lips. He could feel his cock leaking in Aidan's hands. "I don't know..."

"I want it now," Aidan demanded. Then he moved away from Luis' lap and rose from the bed, heading straight for the drawer. He took a bottle of lube and threw it on the bed, surprising Luis again. "There." He pointed to the bottle. "We have everything we need."

As if he was going insane, Aidan quickly stripped his whole clothes off and threw them away on the floor. Luis looked at Aidan and he had never seen his cock as hard as it was at that time. He knew something had made him like that but what? He just couldn't put his finger on it and though he really needed to make love to the boy...he couldn't mask his worry. And the way Aidan was trembling was nerve wrecking.

Aidan quickly went to the bed and looked at the surprised looking Luis. Then he said in the most seductive voice Luis had ever heard from him, "Make love to me now, Luis. Please."

That word was like a command to Luis. He just nodded and stripped all his clothes, throwing them away. Then he moved closer to Aidan who was really wet by then. Even the beddings had gotten wet. He slowly moved his hands to Aidan, carefully laying him on the bed. Luis then tried to part Aidan's legs but the guy had already done that. 

"Please." Aidan whispered. "Don't do anything else just make love to me. It's all that I want right now." His lips were shaking and he was demanding.

Hearing Aidan's words, Luis grabbed the bottle of lube from the bed and opened it carefully. He then poured a huge amount on both his cock and Aidan's ass. While his hand right hand found its way on his cock, carefully lubing it, Luis' other hand found its way on Aidan's ass to carefully prepare him. 

Stroking his own cock while he bit his lips in pleasure, Luis' hand reached Aidan's ass and he got the surprise of his life. When his hand reached that hole, not only was Aidan's ass super hot but...it was twitching terribly and he could feel it on his hands. Okay. Now he was sure that something was wrong with Aidan. Just how horny was he, he thought as his eyes widened?

"Oh..." Aidan writhed on the bed when he felt Luis' hand on his ass. It felt really amazing and added to the fire that he was feeling deep in his body. He couldn't help but moan. "Please. I am going crazy...make love to me..."

Aidan's words were able to get Luis out of his thoughts. Once he gives Aidan what he wants...he was gonna call the doctor for real. 

Taking a deep breath of nervousness, Luis applied the lube on Aidan's ass while he stroked himself. He had his eyes on Aidan the whole time and never had he seen him like that. He was definitely worried.

After careful lubing, Luis slipped his finger into that hot pleasure hole and got surprised at how hot it felt inside there. He couldn't describe the heat that he felt inside that ass. It was just...out of control. Luis couldn't even imagine something being that hot, especially since it was a human body. Carefully slipping his finger out, he slipped it again and rubbed against Aidan's prostate and felt him writhe and squirm on that bed. It was all just so...incredible.

"Luis!" Aidan groaned, squirming terribly on the bed. Ever since Luis and he had been making love he had never felt like the way he was feeling at that particular time. The feeling of Luis' finger rubbing on his prostate was just too much bear. His hands immediately found the sheets and clenched on them. 

Aidan could have sworn that he was truly on cloud nine with that finger in his ass. It was just too much. He could feel his vision blurring from the pleasure and he almost passed out the first time. Something was triggering those wonderful pleasures but it was amazing. He knew that something was really wrong with him but God knows he didn't want that to stop.

"Baby..." Luis couldn't mask the worry in his voice. "Something is wrong with you. Your body is too hot. Look at the way you are..."

"Oh Luis..." Aidan moaned as his body caught more fire. It was like he was a flame. "Please...don't stop. My...please...oh..."

Luis was still worried even though he wanted to make love to the cute boy. His heart was filled with worry and it was racing. He continued fingering Aidan's super hot hole, making sure that he was doing him good and well. The boy's pleasurable moans and groans were unlike before. His hole was still twitching and Luis could feel it on his little body. He could have sworn that Aidan's body heat kept on rising.

"Ah..." Aidan writhed, slightly pushing his ass out. "That...oh..." He was being driven insane with that little finger. The powerful vibrations that took over his emotions were stronger and he couldn't help but moan loudly. His cock responded by leaking a huge amount of pre-cum. He could feel it dripping on his cock.

Luis continued fingering the boy, still staring at him with worry. Not only was his body and his hole hot...he could have easily sworn that Aidan's hole felt slick on his little finger. It was like he was wet inside there. But Luis just continued fingering him, pleasuring him while his cock throbbed in need of that wonder hole. He wondered how he'll feel once he penetrates Aidan and makes love to him. That hole was surely hotter than hot.

Luis continued fingering Aidan. Aidan on the other hand enjoyed the pleasure he was being given with that little finger. He appreciated it a whole lot and just wanted it to continue. He had never experienced anything ecstatic like that before. It was like heaven had come down on earth with the way that he felt at that very time. It was like the first time that Luis was doing that to him. He couldn't just explain it.

Aidan sweated even more when he felt the pleasure get intense. The finger was incredible but Aidan needed more. He needed more than that finger because it was just making him hornier. His hole increased its pace in twitching like every second of that pleasure. He was about to pass out with pleasure.

"Baby..." Aidan gasped, giving Luis lust eyes. "Make love to me. I want your cock. I don't want your finger. Please... I will go insane if I don't feel that cock."

Hearing Aidan's demands, Luis pulled his finger out of Aidan's ass, looking at his dripping wet face and body. Then he nodded and slowly got up, getting closer to Aidan's body. Aidan opened his legs wider to give access to Luis. His breathing was out of control and he was drooling over that wonderful cock that was gonna give him intense pleasure.

"Hurry..." He groaned impatiently. "Please...Luis..." He slightly moved and gripped Luis' neck, bringing him closer. Luis had never seen such behavior from Aidan before. He was like a sex addict or something. He couldn't explain the worry that he had in his heart. He had never been worried about someone like the way he was at that time.

Taking a deep breath, Luis positioned his cock on Aidan's hole and got a powerful vibration when that heat made his cock twitch. Fuck! It was getting wonderful. Aidan's heat was something else.

Luis rubbed his cock on Aidan's hole and heard his moans intensify. "I want you..." Aidan gave a soft cry of ecstasy. "I want you so bad. Give me that cock."

Luis moaned softly and then started making his way into that sweet hole. His head slipped past the ring and he stopped for a second to allow Aidan adjust. Then after a few seconds, he began penetrating his whole length into that sweet, tight and...

"Oh fuck..." Luis gave a loud scream of ecstasy. "Fuck..." 

Luis couldn't believe what he was feeling once he entered Aidan's ass. Boy Aidan was so hot inside that Luis felt like he had almost shot his entire load once that heat found its way on his cock. A powerful but pleasurable vibration travelled throughout his entire body to his cock. It throbbed, getting even harder and rubbing on Aidan's ass walls. They were so hot and it felt so fucking beautiful to be inside that ass. Everything was amazing and Luis was in bliss.

"Fuck..." Luis couldn't stop screaming at the top of his voice. The warmth and the ecstasy he felt was just too much. He could feel unimaginable pleasure surrounding his whole body, making him shudder. Fuck! All his worries went away at that time. The only thing he could think of was the unimaginable pleasure that he was getting.

"Fuck..." Luis continued penetrating the tight hot hole swiftly. The pleasure kept increasing with every inch that he got inside that ass. Feeling the pleasure getting out of hand, Luis began gasping. He couldn't do anything but gasp at the pleasure that had enveloped him. Fuck...

Aidan on the other hand could feel the pleasure of Luis' cock filling him up travel to the rest of his body all the way to his brain. He tried to moan as more pleasure kicked in but he couldn't find his own voice. He held the beddings tighter while his mouth opened wider and hot ecstatic gasps escaped his throat.

The more he felt Luis' cock deeper in his ass the more pleasurable he felt. He could feel tingles all over his body. The pleasure was unlike anything he had ever felt before ever since he mated with Luis. It was different but it was beautiful. He just wanted that feeling to continue.

"Oh..." A loud gasp left Luis' throat as he penetrated deeper into that hot ass. Warm sweet sensations travelled up and down his spine in a powerful wave that swept him off his feet. Fuck...He just continued penetrating Aidan until his whole cock disappeared in that tight ass.

"Oh my god..." Luis moaned when he felt his pubes hit Aidan's ass. His whole cock felt like it was in an oven. The heat was just too much on his cock. It was unlike anything that he had felt. That warm sensation sent powerful vibrations on his spine. He could feel that tingling sensation on his spine and it was powerful than before.

Moving his hand forward while laying his whole body on top of Aidan, Luis cupped his cheeks and looked straight in his face. Aidan's body felt really hot and that heat travelled to his own body. He could feel the sweat rubbing on his own body and that hot breath hitting his face in a whole new powerful stream. He wanted to scream in pleasure but he couldn't do it.

Luis pulled his cock almost all the way out and then slowly thrust in again, feeling his cock pulse deeper into Aidan. He hit his prostate and felt him squirm. Aidan's body was too hard to understand anymore. He had almost passed out when Luis hit his prostate. The emotional vibrations that took control were just too powerful. He opened his mouth wider and gasped, pulling the sheets to the middle.
