 Hello and welcome to eighth chapter of my story. I know this story has taken a great turn and I do hope you love it. I also hope this chapter will be really interesting to you guys. Don't forget to drop your comments and rate at the end of this chapter. I love you guys a lot. Enjoy the story...

*****

The huge ball room was well decorated with the classiest and most elegant decors all over the room. It was sparkling with the brightest decors ever, decorated by the best planners ever. Decors ranged from gold to diamonds and to emeralds. Everything was just perfect in its own way. There was so much food; any food anyone would desire to eat was there. All kinds of drinks and wine were there too. Throughout the ball room were guards who made sure that it was really secure.

From the entrance all the way to the front was a huge red carpet which had a special purpose. The whole place was getting fully packed by all kinds of people, men and women...rich and poor, dressed in different attires.

Fashion photographers, media people, reporters and others interested in publishing the story were also there. They had their cameras ready, just waiting for the big event to start. From the elegancy of the place and everything in that room, people knew already that it was going to be one big event for everyone. They knew history was gonna be made that night. But most importantly...all of them were eager to see the lucky boy that was married to the prince. Some people were jealous and others were envious, mostly the girls. After all their wishes to find themselves in the arms of the prince he was now a married man. Fuck! It was painful for those that wanted the prince. But they still came anyway.

On the wonderful huge stage which sparkled were different seats were the royal family was gonna sit that but not only them but on the far end of the right were seats for the cabinet members as well. It was also filled with food as well. On the wall of the stage was a huge TV which was gonna showcase everything.

Different spotlights were placed high up in the roof just to show everyone the beautiful grooms when they come. In fact, there were more people in that ball room than it had ever recorded. The whole ball was a three floor room so others were already on different floors, wining and eating but they were able to see everything from down there. They just couldn't wait for the prince and his groom to make an entrance, especially the prince's groom.

***

Aidan was seated on a beautiful golden chair in front of a huge mirror. His reflection was on full view and god knows he couldn't help but smile brightly when he saw just how happy he was feeling. He was putting on a long white rob which reached down his legs. The only thing he had inside was only a deep blue boxer. He had been sitting on that chair for almost an hour ever since he came out from showering.

He had to sit still as he was not alone. There was a makeup artist that was working her wonders on his face. She was carefully brushing his face, making it glow with little makeup. She was really doing a great job as she had made his face to glow beautifully. He could even see that he was already more handsome.

He had his hair tied, waiting for the hairstylist to work her own wonders on him and not to talk about the designers that were gonna make sure he was looking splendid in his new suit. It was gonna be the best day of his life. Just by sitting on that chair, Aidan could feel deep within him that he was gonna have a great night with his husband. He still couldn't believe that he was gonna be introduced. It was totally unbelievable.

As he was still in his thoughts, thinking about how his great day was gonna turn out to be, the door to the room opened and he moved his eyes and stared at the person who had come through that same mirror in front of him. It was Luis and boy did he look handsome.

Luis was putting on the most beautiful and elegant black designer's suit Aidan had ever set his eyes on. It was sparkling as if diamonds were scattered all over it. It fitted on his body like it was a part of him. He was looking dashing in his pink shirt inside that suit and pure white designer's shoes. His hair was combed backwards and a huge crown, golden crown with diamonds all over it was placed on his wonderful head.

From that reflection in the mirror, Aidan also noticed the huge smile that Luis had on his face. It was really wonderful and it suddenly warmed Aidan's heart, making it beat rhythmically. His heart beat with love and it was magical. His whole body vibrated in pure ecstasy and excitement. He just couldn't wait to have that man holding while they danced.

Luis on the other hand was just too happy to see the love of his life. He was just in a robe and was not dressed but he was beautiful. He was amazing. He was just...he couldn't even think anymore because there were just too many words in his mind to describe the wonderful boy on that chair. He was too beautiful to be true.

Taking a step of confidence, Luis began walking towards where the makeup artist was working her wonders. He was already dressed since he had been dressing in a different room. He walked towards Aidan and placed his hands on his shoulder, looking at his reflection in the mirror. Their eyes met and Aidan's face brightened up with a really wonderful smile. It was really amazing and Luis' heart began beating with joy.

"Hey, you," Aidan chuckled, moving his hand up to rub on his husband's hand. "What are you doing here?"

"I came to check on my cute groom." Luis breathed, admiring the boy in the reflection. "You look really beautiful...you are perfect, my love."

"Oh, Luis!" Aidan gave a soft chuckle. The makeup artist didn't even for once stop what she was doing. "I am not even dressed yet. What are you talking about?"

"I am serious." Even through the reflection in the mirror, Luis was getting lost in Aidan's eyes. "You look absolutely stunning. In my mind I thought you were..."

Just then, before Luis could finish his sentence, the door flung open and a beautiful happy Hanna came rushing towards them. She was looking really beautiful, as beautiful as ever. She was putting on a beautiful blue dress that was just too sparkly to everyone's sight. Her makeup was at its maximum that night and that smile was just lovely. Her hair was fixed in a pouf and a beautiful diamond tiara was placed on her beautiful head. She had beautiful grey high heels with diamonds all over and her cat walk was just to die for. She was simply amazing.

"Hey!" She called softly when she got near. "How's makeup coming in?"

"It's going fine," Aidan replied, still glued on his handsome husband. "Thank you very much. And you look absolutely amazing."

"Oh!" She touched her chest and moaned softly. "Thank you so very much. You don't look bad either. I am sure you'll steal the spotlight tonight. You will be the most handsome guy there and with hair like yours and a beautiful crown, you will be..." She made an 'O' with her hands and then winked. "You'll be perfect."

"That really means a lot you know." Aidan said softly. "I am sure that my handsome husband will enjoy dancing with me." He joked. "I can see that he can't get his hands off me."

They all laughed softly. "I am sure all eyes will be on you." Luis chuckled.

"What do you mean you are sure all eyes will be on him?" She frowned, staring at her brother. Then a nice and heartwarming smile shot up on her face. "Of course, all eyes will be on him. He is the best groom ever." She commented. "By the way, what are you even doing here?"

"What do you mean?" Luis shrugged. "Shouldn't I be with..."

"Haven't you heard of the tradition of not seeing your groom before..."

"You are crazy," Luis joked. "Why should I stay away from him? I am his husband and we are married so...I think I should be with him."

"Yeah," Hanna raised her eyebrow. "But you won't see him. Besides, I think you have to be somewhere else right now. Get out of here and I will take care of this gorgeous groom for you. Just don't worry about anything. I will be here all through. Besides, people already know you so...I don't know..."

"Fine," Luis raised his hands as if he was surrendering. "I will go out and let a pro like you handle this alright?"

"That's the spirit," Hanna chuckled. "Now get out of here and...go and wear your mask. People have already started arriving. I think you need to entertain them. Now go." She pushed him a bit and laughed when he rolled his eyes.

Luis smiled and then planted a kiss on Aidan's cheeks.

"Now you are ruining his makeup. Get out."

"I am going." Luis raised his hand in the air. Then he looked at Aidan once more and winked. Then he left him with his sister. He knew she was gonna take care of him.

"That husband of yours is really crazy." Hanna said as she took a seat on the other chair next to Aidan. "He's gone crazy ever since he realized he's in love with you."

"Tell me about it." Aidan sighed.

They just continued talking about other stuff as the makeup artist continued her work on Aidan. In no time she was done with him. Just when he thought he was gonna rest, the hairstylist came and started with his hair. He just relaxed and had a chat with Hanna. She talked about her boyfriend and how she couldn't wait to see how handsome he was gonna be looking that evening. Aidan had never seen Hanna's boyfriend so he was kinda looking forward to seeing him.

The hairstylist did her wonder on Aidan's hair by turning it into a beautiful braided ponytail. But that was not all that she did. Starting from the top of that ponytail up to the tip, she put diamonds all over. He didn't know how she did it but the diamonds were there and they were sparkling in his hair. It was beautiful and his eyes were in full view that night.

"Oh my god," Hanna gasped, touching her chest. She was looking like she was about to run out of breath. "I can't believe how beautiful you look tonight. I swear you are sparkling just like the diamonds themselves. You are beautiful and your hair is glowing."

"Oh," Aidan extended his hand and cupped Hanna's hand. "That is really beautiful. Thank you so much for everything that you have done."

Now that that was done, the fashion designers came to make sure that he was looking fabulous in his new suit. He started by stripping that robe off in front of Hanna and the others. He was ashamed at all and in fact, they talked while he was being dressed. 

Aidan was dressed in a beautiful pure white suit that was really beautiful. He had no idea where that suit was made but it was stunning and it was glowing beautiful. He was sure that the suit was made with some form of diamond like stuff because it was glowing. He had never seen a pure white suit before. A beautiful red designer's shirt was put inside, making the suit even magnificent. Pure white designer's shoes were placed on his feet and they were beautiful. The whole suit fitted his body like a second skin. It made him look beautiful and younger.

Then a beautiful golden crown with many diamonds was placed on his head as a final touch. The designers checked him, made sure he was fantastic and then they left him. As he checked himself in the mirror, Hanna left and then came back with two beautiful masks. There was a white one and a blue one.

"Pick your choice." She displayed them.

"Hmm," Aidan thought and then picked out the white one. He tried it on and it was like the missing link. It was perfect in every way and he knew that was his missing link. It was really beautiful and surprisingly, it also had some diamonds on it. 

"Wow!" Hanna said as she put on the blue one, matching with her dress. "Don't we look breathtaking?"

"We sure do." Aidan smiled.

"I think we are ready to go." Hanna answered. "Are you ready to go for the party?"

Just before he could even answer the question, a guard came and told them that they were wanted at the party. Aidan took a deep breath to gather his confidence before he finally answered Hanna's question from earlier.

"Yeah, let's go and hit this thing."

Hanna chuckled and then gripped his arm with hers. The both of them left the room to go to the big ball room. Guards were busy following them as they didn't want anything bad to happen to them that night.

***

Luis entered the ball room on the stage and he heard people applauding for him. He waved to them, making his way to where his father and his mother plus his granny where. He was putting on a light grey mask on but even with everything going on, the people couldn't miss their prince. They knew he was the most elegant man they knew.

Reaching the seats, he made a grand sit and then crossed his legs, smiling at his lovely people. He moved his face to the king and queen and they smiled brightly at him. They were not putting any masks on and so were the cabinet members. But most of the people had masks but they were not wearing them. They were too excited for the party.

"I am glad you are here." The queen said in her beautiful tone. She was really looking beautiful in a red dress and high heels. Her hair was tied in a knot and a huge crown was pressed on her head. The king himself and granny's beauty couldn't be missed at all. They were all prepared for that wonderful party. It was all thanks to Ruby that the party was looking that beautiful and elegant.

"Yeah," Luis said softly, smiling at the people that were staring at him. Women were literally dying inside because they didn't get that opportunity. "You look really beautiful, mom."

"Thanks..." The queen was flattered. "I was about to say the same about you. Can't wait to see Aidan in that wonderful suit," She chuckled. "I know he will steal the hearts of many but..."

"He's mine," Luis chuckled softly, raising his hands to his people. 

"They know that," The queen smiled. "I bet they are dying to see him."

"Yep!" He chuckled. "But they have to wait until he removes that mask to see him."

The queen chuckled and then pulled away from him. She stared at her husband and smiled brightly, moving her eyes forward to watch the most elegant party of the season or rather the century. She outdid herself this time because she had hired the best of the best to decorate that wonderful room. It took days just for that room to look the way it was. But she wouldn't have liked it anymore than she did at that time. It was fantastic and it was all for her handsome son and his beautiful groom. She knew things were gonna get spicy.

The slow soothing music was playing and everyone seemed happy, talking to each other, having their wonderful drinks, having their food but most of all looking forward to the wonderful introduction of the prince. 

Luis was just alone and honestly he wished his friend would come up but he couldn't see him from anywhere. He couldn't see him because he probably was wearing a mask on. So without anything to do...he just enjoyed the party and the soothing music. All eyes were on him that night so he didn't lose that smile which was on his wonderfully curved face.

After what felt like hours of waiting, Luis finally got relieved when his sister made a grand entrance, smiling brightly and waving at the people. He felt like he was able to breathe again.

"Hey!" He called softly before she even reached him. "Where is he?"

"Relax," Hanna smiled, waving at her people. She looked really beautiful in her blue mask. "He'll be coming. You don't know how these things are done. So allow me to show it to you."

"Really,"

"Really,"

Hanna passed her brother and went straight to her parents. She leaned down and told them that everything was ready. Then she got permission from them to start the whole event and then went to the front, picked up a microphone and greeted her people. She first removed her mask and waved at them while they cheered for her and whistled.

"Okay," Hanna started. "How many of us are eager to see the crown prince's husband?" There were a lot of cheers immediately Hanna said that to the people that waited impatiently. "I can see it's all of us here. Because even I am eager to see him and I have been living him for over a month now." The people chuckled at Hanna's words.

"Anyway," She continued. "The time that we have all been waiting for is here. I can feel hearts throbbing, people panting and hormones raging, eager to see the prince, right?"

"Yeah!" The cheers filled the room again. "We can't wait!" One of the people in the crowd shouted at the top of his voice. "Show him to us."

"Patience," Hanna chirped. "That time has come and we will be introducing the prince to you. I am telling you..." She paused and chuckled. "You will be charmed by his beauty because he's absolutely beautiful." She laughed. "Anyway, before I call in the prince...May I take this opportunity to call upon the crown prince to wait upon his husband and welcome him?"

Cheers began again as Luis got up from his seat, waving at his people. He went and stood beside his sister and just beamed. His sister smiled at him and tapped him on his lovely shoulder. Then she continued with her speech.

"Alright," She babbled. "Ladies and gentlemen, men and women, the king and the queen, members of the cabinet may introduce to you...the crown prince's better half...his happiness...his spouse...his soul mate..." She winked at Luis. "Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce to you on behalf of the king the crown prince's groom..." She paused and took a deep breath. "Prince Aidan Carter."

Immediately she said that, the lights went off, leaving only a dim light. People were still cheering even when they couldn't see anything. Then all of a sudden, a huge spotlight shone at the entrance of the ball room. Everyone moved their eyes to the entrance and gasped. Their cheers got out of hand.

Just at the entrance, standing on the huge red carpet was Prince Aidan in a beautiful glowing suit. He was looking absolutely stunning and he was looking like an angel. He was everything that Luis could have wished for in a boy. There were about four guards behind him and they looked absolutely stunning too. Instead of a Prince, Aidan was looking like a king. He took the hearts of many in that room. Their gasps were continuous and their cheers got out of hand.

Aidan's face could not be seen. The only thing the people saw was that wonderful mask. They could also see his dark long hair which many admired. His beautiful green eyes could be seen and those eyes made Luis to be frozen. He couldn't tear his eyes away from him. And those beautiful pink lips! Fuck! Those pink lips looked inviting and kissable. They had Luis exaggerating. The only person he saw was Aidan even though he was from far away. Fuck!

"That's right ladies and gentlemen," Hanna gushed. "The beautiful angelic being all of you are seeing is your new prince. Isn't he beautiful?"

Cheers just got intense when Hanna said those words. Aidan's face just got brighter with a wonderful smile. He had his eyes looking far forward and he loved the way he was feeling. It was like he was the only person in that room as he had all eyes on him. Immediately, photographers and media people came running towards him but they were still far. Cameras began shuttering all over him and he just smiled as brighter as ever.

"Can I get some soothing music as the prince makes his way here and the crown prince welcomes him?"

Immediately soothing music began playing and Aidan's heart began racing with excitement. His hormones were out of hand that night and he just wanted to enjoy that night as it was. Everything was turning out to be wonderful. He knew that night was gonna be beautiful and nothing was gonna go wrong.

"This is it."

Aidan took a small step to start walking before he felt a hand held him. He quickly moved his eyes to the other side and found the most amazing smile of a person in a mask. He immediately could tell that it was his brother. His brother was gonna escort him and it was lovely. Ethan was dressed in a pretty dark blue designer's suit. He had a beautiful green mask and it was spectacular. God! That brother of his had him almost in tears. He was just too happy.
