 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello...hello and welcome to 9th chapter of this wonderful story. It is always nice to deliver a piece of writing to you and I hope this chapter is interesting to all of you. Don't forget to drop your comments about this chapter. Happy reading...

*****

Aidan and Luis came down the stairs, smiling and holding each other in love and harmony. Luis had his arms around Aidan's waist, holding him tightly close to him. They had just come out of their room and they were already holding on to each other. It was a really happy moment for the two of them.

"Hmm," Luis breathed on Aidan's neck. "You smell so nice baby."

"Luis!" Aidan chuckled, a little too loud. "Behave yourself. We are going down the stairs to everyone else."

"I know." Luis kissed him softly on the neck. "But I can't just help myself. Why did you have to be so sexy? You are too much, baby."

Luis words got to Aidan and he laughed softly, enjoying the warm feeling on his lovely neck. It felt beautiful and tingly to the touch. The guy was just going insane as days went on. He was really something else.

"I think you need to stop." Aidan chuckled, slightly moving his neck to the side. "You have had enough of me already. Shouldn't you..."

"No!" He kissed. "I probably shouldn't do it."

Luis held Aidan tighter and kissed him on the neck for a few seconds. Then he stopped the kissing and just held his waist, softly massaging it. Both of them were happy and it could not be masked from the giggles that both of them were doing. It was something else. They were feeling like newlyweds especially after what had happened the previous night when there was an introduction. Their love was just blossoming and it was getting stronger.

Luis and Aidan came down the stairs sweetly holding each other into the living room. Everyone else was there so before they reached the living room Luis removed his hands from Aidan's waist and just wrapped them around his neck. It felt so amazing and they went in the living room happy and excited.

As they reached the living room, Aidan's happiness was just getting out of hand. He had no word to describe the immense joy that he felt at that time. He was seriously feeling like he had recently got married to the royal prince. Everything was just wonderful and he wanted it like that.

Reaching the living room, Aidan looked all around and noticed that the king was not there, probably gone somewhere but...he was happy everyone else was around. So he just shot a smile at them and they were busy smiling at him and Luis. They were really happy.

"How are the newlyweds?" Hanna teased, raising her eyebrow. "I hope you two are having a really good day?"

"Yeah," Luis beamed, staring at Aidan with a gorgeous smile. "We are really having a good day. And how's everyone here?"

"We are all fine." Hanna answered before anyone else did.

"Good!" Luis couldn't tear his eyes away from his beautiful and ever glowing Aidan. 

Luis got lost staring at Aidan. He was looking dashing that day especially with a beautiful ring and a beautiful golden necklace. It felt really wonderful and...

"Oh my God," Hanna gasped, quickly rising from the couch. "Where did you get that?" She pointed at Aidan's necklace. "It's beautiful." She went near and held it in her hands, admiring its beauty and elegancy.

Aidan chuckled and stared at his gorgeous husband. "My husband gave it as a gift yester night. It is beautiful right?"

Hanna's eyes almost popped out of her sockets. She had her mouth wide open and her gasps were just incredible. She had no words to use to describe that necklace. It was everything that anyone could ever dream of.

"Mom..." She gasped, looking at the queen that was smiling. "Are you seeing this? Isn't it..."

"It's gorgeous," The queen commented. "I think it looks good on him. Luis really made a good choice. That necklace was definitely made for Aidan."

"It matches his beauty." Granny commented. "I think it was just waiting for him to wear it."

"Oh," Aidan took a quick glance at his husband. "That is really sweet." He chirped. "Thank you so much for your comments. I really appreciate it."

"Don't worry," Hanna finally let go and gave him a super tight hug. "It is absolutely nothing. But that necklace..." She gestured. "I don't even know what to say."

"You can say anything. Like you haven't owned anything like it before," Luis joked, giving a soft chuckle when al l the others laughed including Hanna. "By the way, where is father? Has he gone somewhere or..."

"He was just in..." The queen trailed off when she saw her husband happily coming towards the living room. "Oh...there he is..." She pointed towards the direction he was coming.

Hearing the queen's words, Aidan moved his eyes in the direction the queen pointed. Immediately his eyes looked in that direction he saw that the king was not all alone. He was with the same guy, the same prince he was with in the morning. 

Once his eyes caught that prince, Aidan had that same feeling again. He just watched in silence as they king and the prince came to the living room. Once they were near, the king came and stood in front of them and planted soft kisses on both their cheeks.

"Hello, father," Luis greeted, tightening his hold on Aidan's shoulder. "How has been your day?"

"It was okay." The king said simply. "I was in the throne room the whole morning chatting with..."

"You?" Luis gasped once he saw the same prince he had danced with at the party. 

"It is nice to meet you too." William chuckled nervously, extending his hand. Luis shook it quickly and just stared at the guy.

"Tell me, what are you doing here?"

"Well...err..."

"You two know each other?" The king was rather surprised because he was sure those two had never met before.

"Yes," Prince William gave one of his killer smiles, staring at Luis. "We met at the party last night. We kinda danced for some time. But I was putting on mask but..."

"I could recognize that hair and that crown." Luis chuckled. "Anyway, what are you doing here?"

"William will be staying in the palace while he is here." The king answered quickly before William could. "He has come to visit our kingdom and our palace and I think it would be appropriate he stays here. After all, he is the prince of Namary."

"Sure." Luis chuckled, squeezing Aidan's shoulders. "I think that will be good too. After all, he is our guest and we need to show him our hospitality."

The king smiled and pinched his son's cheeks. Then he took the prince and went to introduce him to other members of the family. They seemed really happy when he was introducing the prince and they told him all kinds of nice things on this earth.

While all this was going on, Aidan watched carefully, staring at the prince. He had no single expression on his earth. And he kinda lost consciousness to his environment. His eyes were only glued on that cute looking prince. Sure, he couldn't deny the fact that William was a nice person and his smile was wonderful but he somehow could feel that the guy was not good at all. He had hunch that the guy was not nice.

"He looks nice." Aidan thought as he looked at the wonderful prince. "Why am I having this strange feeling when I am around him. It's like my powers want to come to the surface. This has never happened before...for the last two weeks and how..." He paused and stared at the queen giving William a hug and then Hanna. "...everyone else seems to like him but...what is this that I feel whenever I see him? It is like..." Before he could even finish his thoughts, he heard a finger snap right in front of his face, getting him out of his thoughts.

Coming back to his senses, Aidan gasped and then moved his eyes to the person that had snapped the finger, his husband. Seeing that wonderful face, he gave a soft smile and hoped his husband wasn't thinking that he was actually jealous or something. He was not that kind of person at all.

"Baby," Luis called softly. "I have been calling you? Are you okay? You seem really lost in your thoughts. Is something bothering you or..."

"Err..." Aidan chuckled nervously. "Don't worry about me. I am absolutely fine okay?"

"Are you sure?"

"Luis!" Aidan wrapped his arm around Luis' waist. "Don't worry about anything okay? I am really fine. You don't have to..."

"Okay." Luis planted a kiss on his head.

The two of them went to a nearby couch and sat, holding each other tightly. None of them wanted to pull away from each other. They just wanted to feel each other's warmth and love. They were really, really in love with each other.

The entire royal family just sat on the couches, chatting and joking about particular issues. Things were definitely going pretty well. They were really happy and they talked about the party and everything that had happened there. They all had something interesting that had happened to them. They discussed those things and just let it flow.

"By the way," the king started. "Before I forget, we really have an important meeting today, son." The king was reminding Luis of the meeting. "I had totally forgotten but..."

"Do I have to go?" Luis gasped. He didn't want to leave his Aidan no matter what. "Can't I just..."

"No!" The king chuckled. "As I said this meeting is really important and your presence as the crown prince of this land is highly needed. In fact, you have to dress up so that we can leave soon okay?"

"But..."

"Don't worry, father. I will help him get dressed and in a few minutes both of you will be leaving through that door."

Luis moved his eyes at Aidan and opened his mouth to speak but Aidan blocked his lips and smiled.

"You heard him." He spoke softly. "It is really important that you attend this meeting. Your presence is highly needed there."

"But..."

"The price of being a crown prince," Hanna teased, chuckling softly. "Don't worry, I know you are worried about Aidan but we are all here. Besides, I think it's about time we go out for shopping."

"Shopping?" Aidan gasped. "But I thought we just came from that about..."

"We really need to keep up with the latest trends in fashion." Hanna interjected. "And I am not getting no for an answer. Just get up, help your husband dress up, dress up and then meet me in here. You and I are gonna have a great outing okay?"

"Fine," Aidan surrendered, getting up from the couch. Luis followed and then stretched himself. "We will meet here after I help my husband dress up okay?"

Aidan held Luis' hand and the both of them started walking out. Aidan only took about three or so steps. He was really happy and he was gonna be spending a day with Hanna but he lost that smile once he heard a question from Hanna but it was not directed at him. It was directed at William.

"Would you like to come with us, Prince William?"

Hearing that question, Aidan made a quick turn and stared at Hanna.

"Err...I don't think so." Prince William said. "Maybe next time, I think I might just stay at the palace today. I am feeling pretty tired and I think I need to rest."

"It's okay." Hanna chuckled. "I completely understand."

Aidan felt relieved that the prince had rejected because honestly, he didn't know how he would have coped with that that was giving him creeps. Phew!

Aidan quickly turned and he took his husband to their room. He was feeling really happy once again. He was just sad that his husband wasn't gonna be with him. But anyway, they had the whole night for that. Besides, Luis was a prince and needed to many matters in the kingdom.

***

"Honestly, I don't wanna go." Luis sighed.

"Come on." Aidan slipped Luis' jacket on him. "It won't be long. Besides, Hanna and I are going out so I won't be lonely okay?"

"Why doesn't that make me feel better?"

"I don't know," Aidan got closer and buttoned his jacket. He took a comb and made sure that his hair was in perfect shape. "But you gotta cheer up okay? You are the prince of this kingdom and you should be involved in matters like that. When you come back, we will spend as much time as you want okay? Don't feel sad or you will make me sad."

Seriously Luis didn't want to leave Aidan all alone. His plan had been to stay with him the whole day and kiss him as many times as possible. He had planned it perfectly and now he had to go to some meeting. It just wasn't fair at all.

Luis took a deep sigh and smiled. "Okay. I will be really happy just for you okay?" Aidan nodded. "Come here." He opened his arms wide.

Aidan rushed into Luis' arms and hugged him tightly, loving his warm feel and his beautiful scent. He was to die for and everything else was just amazing. He just wished he could have spent the whole day in those lovely arms.

"I love you." Luis announced, planting a kiss on his head.

"I love you too. And I will miss you."

"Can't I just..."

"No..." Aidan chuckled as he ripped away from those arms. "You can't do that. You are going to be king one day and you gotta get used to it okay?"

"Okay." Luis smiled, moving his hands to cup on Aidan's cheeks. He took in a deep breath. "Can I at least get a kiss?"

Aidan smiled brightly after hearing Luis' question. "Of course, you know I can't deny you that. You can..."

Before Aidan could even finish what he was about to say, Luis drew him closer and planted a hot kiss on his hot lips, sucking the very life out of him. He had his tongue all the way down Aidan's throat, sucking harshly on him while he moaned deep into that mouth. Fuck! He could feel a really powerful and strong emotion taking control of his body. It was vibrating terribly, sending a really powerful electrical impulse all over his body. Fuck! A powerful but mind blowing vibration passed on his spine, all the way down to his cock. It was instantly rising.

Aidan on the other hand was on cloud 9 with that kiss he was receiving. It was so...wow! He couldn't even describe that kiss. Luis had his tongue all the way down his throat, blocking his breath but to Aidan's surprise he found it hotter than anything that he had ever experienced in his life. It was to die. He moved his hand up and captured the back of Luis' head, bringing him deeper into that kiss. Feeling his tongue go deeper into his throat, Aidan moaned deeply and felt his body jerk for some seconds. Then his whole body was on fire. He didn't want to pull away.

The two guys kissed like never before. They had their hands everywhere, kissing and rubbing on each other like they were going insane. That amazing and wonderful feeling was just too much to handle. They were in pure bliss with that kiss.

As time went on, their need for air got intense and they broke away from that kiss, still holding on to each other while they tried to catch their breaths. Even while they gasped they couldn't hide those wonderful grins from each other.

"Wow, baby..." Luis gasped. "That was simply amazing. I wish you never pulled away from that kiss." He licked his lips sensually. "Just look what you did to me?" He took Aidan's hand and rubbed it on his crotch, feeling his cock vibrating in pleasure. He bit on his lip, suppressing that moan from escaping his lips. Fuck! Why did he have to go for that foolish meeting?

Aidan felt Luis' hard on when his hand rubbed on it. It was really hard, rock hard that it even made him laugh softly, teasing his husband. Then he moved his hand and cupped his cheek instead.

"Someone is excited." He teased, enjoying the frown on Luis' face. "But you really have to go now. I am sure father is waiting down the stairs okay? You don't wanna make him wait."

Luis took a deep breath and then pulled away from Aidan. He opened his arms wide and smiled brightly. "How does your sexy husband look?"

"Hmm," Aidan murmured.

Luis was putting on a red designer's suit, sky blue shiny shirt and red designer's shoes. His hair was perfectly combed and that dashing smile on his face was the final touch. He was looking really sexy, especially with the suit so close to his skin and his eyes showing perfectly. In fact, red was a beautiful color on him.

"Like a super sexy husband."

"I knew I was perfect." Luis acted like he had just won a lottery. "Then I am good..."

"Not so fast," Aidan chuckled. "There is still something missing. Wait for me okay?"

Aidan quickly rushed to the room where all their clothes were kept. He later came back with a beautiful golden crown which he placed on top of his husband's head.

"There," He enthused, looking at his husband from head to toe. "Now you look fabulous and can leave."

Luis stared at Aidan and then nodded his head. He was just too happy to be with that sexy boy in his presence. He loved him so, so much that he didn't want to let him go. Fuck, he was gonna miss him big time. He was just hoping he was gonna concentrate on the meeting and not think about Aidan throughout the meeting.

"Thank you so much."

"What have I done to..."

"Just thank you." Luis rushed to Aidan hugged him tightly, tighter than usual. He didn't want to tear away but he still did anyway.

"I love you so much and I will be back real soon." He grabbed Aidan and kissed him sensually on the lips.

"I love you too. And I can't wait for you to come back to me."

Hearing Aidan's words was too much for Luis. He grabbed Aidan and kissed him deeply once more before finally letting him. He smiled brightly and then took a deep sigh before he left with a big grin on his face. He couldn't wait to come back to that wonderful boy.

Once Luis left, Aidan just stood still, staring at the door where his lovely man had just left from. He had a smile on his face and God knows he didn't want to lose that smile. He loved Luis a lot and couldn't wait for him to come back so that they could be together again.

But look on the brighter side. He wasn't gonna be lonely at all because he was gonna be with Hanna, the craziest person he had come to know in his life. He knew he was gonna have fun with her, especially since they were gonna be alone. But Aidan couldn't get that William issue out of his mind though. It was like a mystery to him. He hadn't seen the guards but that prince was really...he didn't even know how to put it.

"God!" He sighed, stretching his arms.

Aidan took a deep breath and just tried to be calm. He felt a deep feeling of calmness and then he turned around and went to get dressed. He had some places to go with his crazy sister in law. He also knew the day was gonna be fun for him.

***

"Fuck!" William cursed, furiously kicking a stick which was in the ground. 

"Calm down, Prince..."

"Calm down?" He snapped, staring at the red haired warlock furiously. "I am calm alright. But that foolish king is really getting on my nerves. Ever since we came here...he has not held that scepter in his hands, not once."

William and his three warlocks were in the palace garden, meeting. Of course, it was an excuse that he was exploring the garden and he had made sure that there were no people near him. And now he was seething like a crazy maniac.

"Don't worry, William," The blonde haired warlock spoke. "We will find that scepter at all costs. There is absolutely nothing to worry about."

"Lucas," William seethed, looking straight at the blond warlock. "What kind of fool is he? Shouldn't he be found with that scepter always? He just went to that stupid meeting and he didn't have it either. I was kinda looking forward to have Luis as my guide but he took him as well. I thought a scepter was a symbol of sovereignty but that idiot..." he couldn't speak anymore. He was just too angry.

"This would have been all easy." The blonde warlock, Lucas spoke. "We would have been done with our mission today but...that fool has not given us any hint."

"Where could it be?" William snapped. "Where could that fucking scepter be kept? I tried to look around in the throne room but...I couldn't see a thing but...I am pretty sure that...there is some form of secret door in that room but..."
