 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Welcome to the fourth chapter of this story. Hey, it feels so good to deliver a story to you and to listen to your comments and views. Don't forget to drop your comments and rate this chapter. I just hope it will be interesting. I love you guys a lot...

*****

Luis stormed into his room, violently shutting the door. The floor shook and the noise only added to his anger. He was fuming...he was raging and his emotions were definitely out of control. He was sweating and his wound had once begun hurting but that was nothing compared to what he was feeling. He was really angry and he hated Aidan so much.

"No..." Luis screamed, furiously putting his hands on his head. 

"No..." He walked straight to his bed and hit his fists on it so hard. Then he gripped the bedding in a fist as his breaths became really violent. In one swing, he pulled the beddings from the bed, throwing them away. Then he began hitting on the bed as hard as he could. He was trying to get rid of his anger but it just kept on increasing. His heart was pounding deep in his chest, threatening to rip out.

"No!" He cried out in pain. 

He didn't like the way he was feeling at all. He just wanted to get rid of everything that had happened. He was trying to forget but it just wasn't working. All he kept on seeing were the pictures of what had happened a few minutes ago and how his father had ruined his life, his own father.

Luis furiously sat on the bed, burying his head in his palms. He then gripped his hair so hard, pulling on it as hard as he could. 

"Ah!" He screamed, furiously getting up from the bed. Never in his entire life had he ever felt like that before. He wanted to vent out his anger on something but want. "Fuck..." He screamed, moving from side to side, pulling on anything that he saw.

He kept on throwing and disarranging things that he saw, hitting his head from time to time. In less than a minute, everywhere was a mess. He screamed his anger out till he couldn't do it anymore. He was filled with so much rage. His eyes were blood red and he had even forgotten the number of times that he had to rub his tears. It was really so bad.

Hitting things as he screamed, Luis heard the door opening. He didn't even bother to see who it was but if it was that foolish boy, god help, Luis was gonna hit him so hard. He didn't care what was gonna happen next, he just wanted to ruin the life of the boy that had ruined his.

Ignoring the footsteps that were coming closer, he stormed to a nearby wall and hit his head so hard. He didn't even feel any pain. He just wanted to die with the way that he was feeling at that moment.

"Luis!" He heard his sister's voice. "Luis, stop it."

Hearing that voice which at least gave him some hope, he raised his face and stared at her. He still was angry but he couldn't hurt his only sister. He loved her a lot and he knew he could count on her.

"Oh my god," Hanna gasped, staring at his forehead. "You are bleeding. Let me..." 

"Forget it," Luis snapped, getting away from her. "What's the point?" He furiously walked from side to side. "My father has just ruined my life."

"I understand you." Hanna said in a serious tone. She too was angry at her father for doing that to her only brother. "But that wound needs to be attended to. Its bleeding again and I don't want..."

"This is nothing." Luis fumed, pointing angrily to his wound. He could truly feel that he was bleeding but he absolutely didn't care. "It is nothing compared to what I am feeling. I don't care if I bleed to death. That will be better than what my father has done to me."

"Stop saying that," Hanna said, putting her hand on her brother's shoulder. "I really understand you. I know exactly how you feel right now. Believe me I do. What father has done is unfair. It is that boy's fault and I hate him for that. He lied to father and..."

"I don't care that he lied." Luis bellowed. "I don't give a damn about it. He has ruined my life completely and I hate him for that."

Just then, the door opened again and his mother came rushing in together with his granny. When she saw the state he was in, she gasped and rushed to him. She held him tightly but he brushed her and angrily groaned. She noticed just how her son was. She even got scared with the kind of anger that he was expressing.

"Luis!"

"Mother, please..." He said angrily, hitting his head once again. 

"Luis! Your wound is bleeding again." Ruby said with concern. "Please, stop hitting yourself. You'll only hurt yourself even..."

"Hurt?" Luis chuckled bitterly. "This is nothing to what I am feeling. I am already hurt with father's actions back there. How could he do this to me? I am his fucking son." Luis didn't care the language he was using in front of his mother and his granny. "He was supposed to favor me and punish that foolish boy. Now he has me married to that...that..." he had no word to use on that foolish boy. He felt like his heart was about to blow up. So many words were ringing in his mind, giving him a really sharp headache. "How could he do this to me? '" He said, tears forming in his eyes. "Is he even my real father?"

"Don't say that?" Granny begged. "He is your father."

"Then why..." He gulped, gesturing with his hand. "...why did he do that to me? Why did he have to ruin my life like that?"

"You don't understand any..."

"What's there to fucking understand?" Luis yelled, filling the whole room with his angry voice. "There is nothing you can say to justify what he did back there." He pointed angrily towards the door. The people that were with him couldn't believe that Luis was that angry. He had never spoken to any of them in that manner and not to talk of seeing him that angry.

"I hate him so much for this." Luis seethed, breathing harshly. His breath came out so harsh, it made him fume. 

"Don't say that." Queen Ruby said in a high pitched voice. "Your father did what he thought was right. He judged according to what he felt was for the best. Please, whatever he has done, he is still your father."

"Do I have to thank you?" Luis said harshly, yelling in his mother's face. "He ruined my life. I had a perfect life until it was ruined today. That boy..."

"Your father did what he thought was right." Granny said, rubbing his shoulder to make him calm. "He is the king of this land and he is your father. He had to play the role of both. What he did was not right but it was not his fault. All of us heard..."

"I don't care if he is the king and father of this whole nation." Luis yelled, shrugging his shoulder to get his granny's hand off. "Before being the king of this land, he is my father." He emphasized. "I expected him to be a father to me today. What he did is worse than what..."

"Don't say that?" The queen shouted, trying to defend her husband. "You saw what happened back there. He is a generous king and things like that have happened before."

"It is that foolish boy's fault." Luis hollered. "I will never accept him as my spouse." He declared. "Father should have considered my feelings. He should have had that boy punished alone. I was the one that got hurt and yet he still hurt me once again. What kind of father is he?" He yelled. "He got me married to a stupid boy who..."

"Please," granny said softly. "Have you even considered how that boy is feeling?"

"Why should I?" Luis snapped. "I don't even care if he rots in hell right now. All I know is that he is going to pay for this. He is probably happy somewhere because he got married in this palace. But I will never accept him. I will never be a husband to him. I never even wanted to get married in the first place."

"Luis is right." Hanna supported, crossing her arms on her chest. "I hate that boy a lot. He is the reason why my brother is in this state. I am sure he got what he wanted in the first place. He has ruined my brother's life and I will not accept him as my brother in law."

Granny sighed and then looked at Ruby. She knew that her grandson was mad but blaming the poor boy was not the right thing to do. As much as she was angry with her son, she also knew that the poor boy was not to be blamed for what had happened. She had clearly seen that he wasn't happy as well with the outcome of the situation.

"Blaming the poor boy is not a solution." Granny said softly, trying to get to her grandson. "Besides, there is nothing we can do right now. Everything is done. You are now that boy's husband and I think you need to take that responsibility. Don't hurt him for what he didn't do."

"What?" Luis fixed his gaze on his granny, trying to understand the woman that was standing in front of him. "Who are you?" He asked.

"What?"

"You are not my grandmother." He nodded in disagreement. "My grandmother wouldn't say that to me. My grandmother would have supported me and tried to help me out."

Granny chuckled softly, nodding her head. "I am your grandmother." She said. "I might not be supporting your decision to hurt the boy but I am trying to help you out here." She went closer and wrapped her arms around him. "That boy is not to be blamed for all this. You had been following him around and you were harassing him. Your father made that decision and he didn't do it. You heard what he said back there right?" She reminded him. "I know he made a wrong decision and it is not fair to you and that boy." She was speaking to him so softly and was glad he was listening. "You don't even know how he is feeling right now. The poor boy is probably crying."

"Granny, please..."

"Just like I have supported you," She began. "You have always listened to me. Please, calm down. Being angry won't solve this problem. Just look around you," She moved her finger around, showing him just what he had done. "You have messed up the whole room. Has it helped in any way? No! And look at yourself," She pointed to his forehead. "Your wound is bleeding and yet it hasn't helped you. Please, calm down. I am as mad at the king as you are right now. He shouldn't have done that to you and that poor boy."

"Mother is right," Queen Ruby said softly. "All of us pleaded with your father but you know how he is. Besides, you also heard the warning he gave you. If he ever hears any fights, he will incur his wrath on you. You don't want that. That boy was wrong but he didn't make the decision. Your father made that decision and he is to be blamed for it. But just like mother said," She gave a gloomy sigh. She hated what had been done to her son. "There is nothing we can do. We cannot oppose your father. We have no choice but to obey him."

Hearing what her mother had just said, Hanna rolled her eyes in anger. She then growled, feeling the hatred for the boy increasing deep in her heart. He was to be blamed for it all and she was gonna make him suffer for it. How could her father marry her brother with a common pauper? He was supposed to marry with someone who was near his class. Now she had some stinking, foolish and stupid pauper as her brother in law? Not gonna happen.

"I will never accept that boy." Luis said, feeling tears pouring down his cheeks. His anger was still there but he got really hurt. "I am his son," He sobbed. "How could he do this to me?"

"Please," Queen Ruby begged, rubbing her son's back. "You don't have to do it if you don't want to." She breathed. "Just don't hurt that boy."

"If you ask me," Hanna shrugged. "That boy deserves to be..."

"Will you shut up?" Queen Ruby snapped, threatening to slap her daughter. "Your brother is hurt here. Please, don't make him feel worse than he feels right now." She warned. "You are supposed to make him feel better and not make him feel worse. "Can't you see the state that he is in?"

"But..."

"Will you get out of here?" Queen Ruby yelled. 

Hanna groaned and then began walking out angrily. She was still going before she heard the queen's voice again.

"And call a maid to clean this place up."

She then moved to Luis. "Sweetie, please, don't hurt yourself okay?"

"He has ruined my life." Luis sobbed, trying to rub his tears off. "I am his son. He should have understood me. He should have found another punishment for me." His voice was rising again. "He shouldn't have done this to me. I never wanted to get married. I never wanted to be a husband. If he was desperate for me to get married he should have found someone rich and someone that I would have loved." He quickly rubbed his whole tears off when he felt the anger building deep down inside of him.

"Please," Granny begged, equally rubbing his back. "There is nothing we can do."

"But no," Luis' voice rose again. He pulled away from his granny and his mother and went at a distance. "He just had to marry me off to someone that I hate so much." He came closer to his mother and stared at her. "He promised never to meddle into my affairs." Luis said as he felt tears building in his eyes again. "I promised to give him my choice of a guy. He agreed with everything but he went back on his word and got me married to someone that I hate." A tear fell down his cheeks which he furiously rubbed.

"Circumstances forced him to go back on his word." Granny said softly. "Please, calm down."

"The boy had insulted me." Luis pointed at himself, another tear falling down. He rubbed it again. "I only did that because I wanted to get back at him." He said softly. "Father knew exactly what had happened. He was angry about what that boy did to me. He was about to punish the boy. He was about to make him pay for what happened?" He cried. Then he buried his head on his mother's chest, giving muffled cries. "He shouldn't have done that. I will never accept that boy."

"Luis!" Queen Ruby raised his head and cupped his cheeks, staring deep into his eyes. It was like she was sharing in his pain. She looked at his wound and it was still bleeding. The cotton wool was already red and the blood was almost reaching his eye.

"Please, I understand your pain." She said softly. "You don't have to accept the boy if you don't want to. I understand the reason why you did it. Just don't disobey your father okay?" She spoke so softly, now moving her hands on her son's face, rubbing his tears. "Don't be angry or cry anymore okay?" She smiled. "I don't like seeing you like this. It breaks my heart knowing that my baby is crying and hurting."

"But..."

"Shh..." She whispered, giving him a wonderful smile. "That wound needs to be cleaned before the blood blinds your eyes." She spoke softly. "Let's get out of here so that we can have it cleaned." She smiled. "Don't forget that we all love here. We love you a lot and we will never leave you alone to suffer. Your father cares about you too. I just hope you didn't mean what you said?"

Luis remained quiet, trying to hide his anger. He still hated his father and the boy but his mother spoke to him so sweetly. He couldn't shout at her anymore. His father and the boy were to be blamed for everything that had happened. It was all their fault and he wasn't gonna accept Aidan as his husband. He wasn't gonna ruin his life as a playboy. He didn't care whether he was a married man now or not. He was gonna live his life. Nothing was going to change.

"Let's go have that wound cleaned."

Luis nodded at his mother's suggestion. He followed her and his granny to have his wound cleaned. One thing he didn't want to do was accept that he was now a married man. That was never gonna happen because he was not the kind to fall in love. And never would he fall in love with someone like Aidan. 

Never!

***

Aidan was slowly walking on the big road leading away from the palace. It was a long road lined with pine trees. No car was passing around since it was leading from the palace. His mind was elsewhere, thinking about what had happened while he was in the palace. He couldn't accept the fact that he was married at that age. And to a man he hated and never wanted to do anything with.

What happened to his dreams of marrying the man he would love and one who would love him back? Now his life was ruined because of the prince's foolishness and something that he didn't do. He still couldn't accept it because he didn't want.

Aidan had just run away from the palace and was still not far. It had almost been an hour since he ran out of the big palace. He had been walking slowly without any intentions of going back. He had never been to the palace before but had seen it from far away. 

He was going home to his granny and his brother. He was gonna stay with them and didn't care about the consequences either. He was not gonna accept being married to someone as rude and arrogant as the prince. What was worse was that the prince was also a playboy. How could he accept such a man as his husband? It was just impossible.

Aidan was walking really slowly. The walk home was gonna be long but it was gonna give him some time to think and clear some things from his mind. He had his arms crossed on his chest while his breath was getting faster. His heart hadn't stopped pounding ever since he had gotten out of the palace. He was lost in his thoughts.

Aidan was so preoccupied that he didn't even see the car coming towards him. He only heard a honk that made him stop. He looked in the direction of the car and saw that it was a palace car. He didn't want to do anything with it so he just ignored it and got lost in his thoughts again. If only he could find a place where he would get his worries away? It would be really nice and he would be able to think properly but he was stuck and he was not going anywhere with his thoughts.

The car honked again, making Aidan look behind him. He noticed that the car was going really slow, probably following him. Realizing that the car was following him, he groaned and then picked up his pace. He was now walking really fast, ignoring the honks from the car. There was only a guard and a driver and he could clear see that.

"Wait!" The guard hollered from the car. "Please, wait."

Aidan took a glance behind and he just nodded. He never even bothered to stop or say anything. He never ever wanted to do anything that was related to the palace or the prince. He hated everything that reminded him of the prince whether he was married to him or not. He just didn't like him and that was really final.

"Please..." The guard pleaded. "The king has ordered me."

Hearing that it was from the king, Aidan abruptly stopped and stood still without even turning back. As much as he was angry and hated the prince, he didn't want to disobey the king's orders. He knew the consequences could be too bad for him so he stopped. He heard the car parking and then footsteps coming towards him.

What followed left him speechless and surprised? As he stood there waiting for the guard to say what the king had sent him to say, the guard rushed in front of him and knelt down bowing his head. Then he began talking, surprising Aidan greatly.

"Your highness," the guard said softly.

"What?" Aidan gasped, passing his finger through his hair. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. "What...did you just call me?" He quavered.

"Your highness," The guard repeated, bowing his head once again.

"Don't call me that?" Aidan warned, pointing his finger at the guard. "I am not royalty. And will please, leave me alone?"

"Your high..."

"Didn't you hear me?" Aidan snapped, feeling really angry. He didn't want anything associated with the prince. "Don't call me that?"

"What am I supposed to call the crown prince's husband?" The guard bowed in humility. "That is the only way I can call you."

Aidan nodded his head in anger. "Just leave me alone." He said, beginning to walk forward. He felt a slight headache starting over what had happened. "Please, go away from me."

"I am sorry," The guard apologized. He rushed to Aidan and bowed once again. "I can't leave you alone. The king instructed me to follow you everywhere. I am at your service my prince."
