 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to another chapter of this great story. Before I go into details I would love to thank you for your love for my stories. You guys are my inspiration and I love you. Don't forget to drop your comments and rates. Enjoy...

*****

Aidan came walking down the stairs slowly, taking step by step. He seemed really lost, thinking about everything that had been happening in his life. He was really confused and he failed to understand any of the things that had happened to him. His face was sweaty...his heart was pounding in his chest...his body was quivering. There was a powerful but small vibration that took control of his body. He couldn't understand a thing. He was really weak...he was vulnerable...he was frozen.

"You are pregnant..." Justin's words rang through his mind. "You are six weeks pregnant."

Hearing those words ringing in his brain, Aidan moved his trembling hand and rested it on his tummy, slowly rubbing on it. He swore he could feel it, his pregnancy. He could feel the energy surrounding him. There was a life growing inside of him. There was a baby, Luis' baby growing inside of him.

"How did it happen?" He thought as more tears accumulated in his eyes. "How could I be pregnant, a man..." He couldn't understand anything. There was no logical explanation for what was happening to him.

"Vows are meant to be broken..." Luis' voice sounded in his brain. "...how do I even know if you didn't cast a spell on me?"

Aidan was in pain and torture as he made his way down those stairs. Everything that had happened to him came rushing to him. Everything that he had been trying to bury came rushing to the surface. He felt as if hot needles were piercing his very own skin, causing him nothing but pure pain. He wanted to cry but he was surprised he couldn't do it. Everything wasn't making any sense.

"You are pregnant..."

The more he heard Justin's words, the weaker he became. He was really weak that he was trembling. No wonder he had been feeling strange. No wonder he was constantly hungry. No wonder he was feeling like that. It was also the reason why he craved for bitter fruits. 

The pain, the torture, the harsh words...his betrayal, everything came back to him and just made him weaker. There were a lot of tears in his eyes that he couldn't even see clearly. In fact, he was just walking without even realizing where he was stepping. He was lost in thought. He was not even aware of his environment. 

Aidan finally came down the stairs, slowly walking to the living room. He was so lost in thought that he didn't even realize that his family had noticed his mood and stood up, looking at each other. They seemed really worried and couldn't understand why his mood had suddenly changed like that. He was really unhappy with the news that he had found out.

"Aidan..." Granny called worriedly, getting him out of his thoughts. 

Aidan moved his eyes forward, staring at the old woman and his brother. They seemed worried and he could feel it. Many shivers were running down his spine, making his body quiver and shiver with fear and other emotions that he couldn't understand. A myriad of emotions took control of his body right then.

Even as he stood right in front of his family, he couldn't say or do a thing. He just stared at them while drowning in his own pain and anguish. Tears kept on accumulating in his eyes. He couldn't even speak. Each breath he made felt like fire burning him.

"Aidan, what's wrong?" Ethan gulped, getting closer to him. "Why do you look like that?"

"Please," Granny quavered. "You are scaring us. Is there anything wrong with you? Please. Tell us what your problem is."

Hearing her question, Aidan opened his mouth to speak but no word came out of his mouth. Not even a single sound came out of his mouth. His lips shook terribly and he was visibly trembling, making Ethan and granny even more worried.

"Aidan..." Ethan quavered. "What seems to be the problem?"

Aidan tried to speak again but the pain was just too much. So many words were ringing through his brain that he had no idea what to say or feel. He even had no idea what they were gonna think of him or how their reaction was gonna be.

Aidan figured he didn't need to be there. He needed to be alone. He needed to think. He needed to shout. He needed to yell. He needed to wake up from that nightmare which had come into his life. It was hurting him a lot. He didn't know how he was gonna be. But he needed to get out of there as soon as possible.

Taking a deep breath, tears poured down his face. Millions of tears that made him feel even worse the pain that he was feeling at that time. With one final look at his family, Aidan made a quick turn and started running towards the door.

"Aidan..." Ethan called. He was worried but Aidan just kept on going. As he neared the door, it opened wide and he got out, shutting it close. 

"Aidan..." Ethan called his name, following him behind. When he opened the door, Aidan was gone. He was nowhere to be seen. He was supposed to see him because he had just been behind him but there was no sign of him anywhere.

Ethan got out and checked the entire castle ground but there was no sign of his brother. He had disappeared into thin air. He did careful search but he couldn't see him. He was gone. By the time he came into the castle he was panting and he was sweating. He was even panicking, worried sick for his brother and wondering where he had gone.

"Where is he?" Granny gasped, rushing towards him as soon as she saw him. "Did you find him?"

Ethan nodded in disagreement. "I didn't find him. I didn't even see him."

"My grandson." Granny quavered, sitting back on the couch while trembling in fear. "I wonder what's wrong with him. He couldn't even speak to me, his own grandmother. I am really worried Ethan..." She suppressed her tears. "Where could he have gone? I don't even know what's wrong with him. With the way that he was looking like..." She was panicking, moving her head from side to side. "What if he does something to himself or...I wonder where he has gone?"

Ethan wanted to comfort his granny. God knows he did want to do that but he couldn't do it even if he wanted to. He was in no condition to comfort anyone because he too was really worried about his beautiful brother. He was worried something might happen to his brother. It was making him worried sick. He was trembling in fear.

"I don't know..." Ethan said as he sat on the arm of the couch. "I didn't like the way he was. But..." he remembered what had happened. "He became like that when he went with Justin. Yes!"

Granny quickly got up. "Maybe he knows the reason why he is like that." She exclaimed. "Please. Let's go and ask him. I need to know what's wrong with my grandson."

"Yes!"

As Ethan and Granny were about to take a step they saw Justin coming down the stairs with a confused expression on his face. Both of them looked at each other before rushing towards him. Their hearts were pounding in their chests, threatening to rip out. Their nerves were getting the best of them but they knew they weren't gonna rest until they found out what was really wrong with their beloved prince. It was nerve wrecking.

"Justin..." Ethan gasped. "Please..."

"Where is Aidan?" Justin asked as he looked around the living room. "Didn't he come here? I will go and see him." He turned to leave but Ethan gripped his arm and then turned him around.

"He ran off...we don't know where." Ethan breathed nervously. "He had just rushed past us and then left. I tried to follow him but I think he disappeared or something. I couldn't spot him anywhere. He is gone. He seemed really lost and confused. He was about to cry. I am really worried. Do you know exactly where he has gone or what had happened?"

"Please." Granny put her hands together, pleading. "We really need to see him, please, my son. He wasn't even looking good."

Justin got worried once he heard about Aidan. "Oh my God," he sighed, rubbing on his head. "I shouldn't have left him all alone. It's probably..."

"What are you talking about?" Ethan asked, trying to get what Justin was trying to tell him. "Do you actually know what had happened to him?" He was really hoping for it to be true.

"Yes!" He nodded in agreement. "I know what had happened to him." he sighed. "I think I might have..."

"Please." Granny pleaded. "What is wrong with him?"

Justin took a really deep sigh. "Well, I don't even know how to tell you this." He cleared his throat. "But the truth is that Aidan wasn't feeling too good. He was constantly feeling dizzy and nauseous. I did some tests on him but couldn't find any disease on hi so..." he gave a gloomy sigh. "I conducted more tests on him. And..." He paused without saying anything further.

"And?" Granny raised her eyebrow.

"He's pregnant..." Justin said simply. "He is six weeks pregnant."

There was a moment of silence when Justin told the family that. They just stared at him without uttering any word to him. They seemed surprised and they trembled.

"What?" Granny's voice was trembling. "That isn't possible. He is a man. He cannot get pregnant. That is really impossible."

"Yeah..." Ethan nodded. "We all know that..."

"I thought so too." Justin exhaled loudly, getting his nerves calm. "But he is not an ordinary boy and you know that. He is pregnant and that's the truth. I might need to conduct more tests just to be sure but he is very much pregnant."

Granny felt really weak. She couldn't even breathe normally. "My poor grandson. I wonder what he is passing through right now. He is probably devastated and..." She sighed. "...I don't even know what he is going to do. What if he harms himself in the process?"

"I don't think that is ever going to happen." Ethan said in a panic voice. "I know how my brother is. If he had overcome the pain and torture he had been through...then this is nothing to him. It seems impossible but..."

"He's right..." Justin said as he tried to sound as confident as he could. "In the few weeks that I have been staying with him, he has always been fierce and strong. He can't do anything to himself over something as..."

"It's bigger than you both think." Granny said. "Being pregnant is the best thing that can ever happen to someone. I am sure he would have been the happiest person to have found that he is pregnant. He would have been the luckiest person because he would have provided an heir. But we are talking about something else here." She breathed. She was really nervous. "Aidan is not with Luis anymore. Luis had hurt him so much that he didn't want to do anything with him on this earth. He has tried to forget about everything but now...everything has come back to him." She sobbed, suppressing her tears. She didn't want to cry.

"He is pregnant for a man who betrayed him and hurt him. Only God knows what he is passing through right now." She quickly moved closer to Justin and Ethan. "I need to find him. He needs me. He needs his family in situations like this."

"It's that bad..." Justin nodded. "I always knew he had a really bad past with his kingdom but I never thought it was that bad."

"Please." Ethan said in a panic voice. "We really need to find him. We must find out where exactly he is. Please."

"I think I might know where he is." Justin gulped. "Come with me."

Without wasting any more time, the three of them rushed out of the castle. They were just hoping to find Aidan near the castle or just find him.

***

Aidan appeared near the sea shore, screaming his lungs out, trying to get his pain out. His head was pulsing...his breaths were short and harsh...his heart was pounding unlike before. The pain was just too much to bear.

"No..." he cried, screaming at the top of his voice. "No..."

As he screamed at the top of his voice, there was a sudden rumble of the wind. The ocean waves intensified and roared unlike before. The cool breeze which was hitting his face felt really hot to him even though it was cold. His body felt really hot and cold at the same time. He clenched his fists and just screamed as hard as he could.

"No..." he cried.

Aidan breathed in deeply and then started running towards the sea while breathing in harshly. The wind got out of control and so did the waves. His heart was about to break into pieces. Things were getting out of control for him. He just didn't know when to be calm anymore. Everything was just getting out control. It was really painful.

Aidan ran as fast as he could until he reached the shore. He had nothing on his feet so he could feel the water on his feet.

"Why?" he cried at the top of his voice, kneeling down on the shore. There was little water there. "Why did this happen to me?" No tears were coming out but they had built in his eyes. Every pain in this world was on him. He felt like a huge burden had just been put on top of his little head. He felt as if someone had just slit his throat.

"Please." He felt weak. He put his hands on his thighs, sitting on the shore. That was when he felt hot tears flooding his face. A million tears were already on his face, making him feel the pain unlike anything that he had ever felt before. He was feeling as if someone had just killed his heart. It was painful.

"Why did this happen?" He cried, feeling tears reaching his chin. "Why did the almighty decide to do this to me? I can't take this." He wailed. "This is really too much for me to bear." He moved his hands up and hit them on the sand. The waves roared and blew back with the wind. "Why?" He hit the ground again, creating even more land as the water was pushed backwards by a really powerful invisible force. "Why is this happening to me?"

Aidan hit the sand severally, trying to get rid of the pain and anger that he felt. But he just got weaker with everything that he did at that very time. He didn't know what to do anymore. The pain and anger was getting stronger by the second, weakening him. With a final stamp on the sand, he just gave up and started crying.

"Why..." He gave a weak cry.

Aidan was so lost in his pain that he didn't even see the water was coming at high speed, heading towards him. Even if he had seen it...he couldn't have cared less because the pain that he was experiencing was already too much for him to bear. If only he could do something to reverse the past but his hands were tied. He was weak and he couldn't do anything.

The water came with such power, heading for him. Reaching him, it covered all over where he was seated but it didn't make him wet. Rather it surrounded him into a ball and then died down without even making him wet. The water went back to being normal but he could feel it on his feet. He could feel it with each wave that it made. He was really in pain.

Aidan moved his hands to the sand while dropping his eyes as he went on a journey of thoughts. God knows he had never cried as much as he did at that time. There were so many words ringing in his mind. All those words were only inflicting deep wounds on him. They were hurting him emotionally and physically. Never in his life had he ever thought he would cry that before. His head was hurting terribly and he couldn't just do a thing.

"You cast a spell on me." Luis' words pierced through his skin. "You are a warlock. You..."

"No..." Aidan screamed, moving his hands up. He hit them on the ground with such force. The water beneath him instantly froze once his hands touched it. He cried even more and hit the ground once again. The ice extended for about a meter or two. He was really angry and scared.

Aidan was trembling he screamed for what felt hours before he finally gave up and just started crying his pain out. He just sat there and cried while reliving every painful moment of his life. His body felt weak and he couldn't anything but cry.

"Is this my punishment or what?" he cried softly, feeling the tears now going down his neck. "Why should pass through all this? I...I shouldn't be experiencing something like this. I shouldn't be experiencing it all."

Aidan just gave up and started crying. He was defeated where he sat and couldn't a thing. He had lost. After trying so hard to forget about Luis...it was all in vain. The child in him was a part of him that was Luis' blood that he couldn't deny. 

Aidan couldn't a thing but just cry. He was in so much pain.

***

"Where could he be?" Granny panicked. "We've searched everywhere and still no sign of him. Where could my grandson be? I am really worried right now. What if..."

"No..." Justin said. "We have looked everywhere except one place." He said as he hoped for what he was actually thinking to be true. 

"Where?" Ethan asked.

"The beach...actually, I have often seen him go to the right side of the beach. I think he might be there." Justin was hoping that what he was telling Aidan's family was actually the truth. He was hoping Aidan was right there.

"Let's go." Ethan said impatiently. "We cannot waste any more time. The earlier we find out where Aidan is the better it will be for all of us. We must find out how he is doing. I am actually really worried right now that I am only seconds away from crying."

They all agreed and started rushing to the right side, walking on the shore while scanning the whole place. They didn't even walk that far and they saw him seated on the shore. From the state of things...the ice he was seated on and the ice about two meters away from him, they knew things weren't good for their lovely boy.

Seeing him in such a state, they rushed to him and found him crying. He was really looking so pitiful and his tears were too much for them to handle. Ethan dropped and then held him tighter bringing him closer to his chest while trying to make him calm. He was rubbing on his back, praying and hoping that whatever he was doing was gonna help his brother out of the mood that he was in. He just wanted to make him feel better.

Granny knelt down and then rubbed his back. Aidan cried even more when he saw that his family had come. They had probably come to know from Justin since he was with them. Sobbing painfully, Aidan wrapped his arms around his brother's waist and buried his head deeper into his chest. He felt at least better that his family was there for him. He couldn't have wished for anything more than that.

"Shh..." Ethan whispered, rubbing on his back. "Stop crying. It's really okay. We are all here for you okay? You don't have to feel bad."

"How could I be...pregnant..." He said in between sobs. "How could I..."

"Shh...your brother is here. I won't ever leave you okay? I will always be with you. I know, please...don't break my heart okay?"

"Ethan is right," Granny sighed. "We are here for you. You don't have to worry about anything." She gripped him and they held him together with Ethan.

Aidan couldn't understand why he was still hurting even after those words of encouragement from his family. But he was glad they were there to make him feel better. He didn't know what he would have done had he been living alone. Things would have gotten bad for him. But he was glad his family was there for him in that time.

Aidan just sat there and cried while being soothed by his family. He cried for over an hour but he eventually stopped when the pain subsided. His head was hurting...his mind was frozen...his eyes were red and swollen...his heart was bleeding. He felt really weak and defeated. Things were really going really bad for him. He had no idea what he was gonna do to make things better again.

Ethan was really broken by just seeing his brother like that. He couldn't help but shed a tear or two while soothing him and trying to make him calm. His brother had been impregnated by a stupid coward of a prince. He hadn't expected that from him. And here he had been thinking men never got pregnant but his brother was really carrying Luis' blood inside of him. He was carrying an heir to Angria throne. He understood him very much. But he didn't hate the baby at all. He just hated what Luis had done to his poor and young brother.
