 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to the 15th chapter of unbroken. I just want to thank you guys for your great love for my story and your loving support as well. It really means a lot to me. I am really hoping this chapter will interest you big time. I am really looking forward to your comments about this particular chapter. Comments are really important to me whether positive or negative. And don't forget to drop your rates too. Thank you.

Enjoy...

*****

The elevator door opened wide and Luis came rushing out, stretching his arms. It was in the morning, 9.am to be precise and he had just woken up about half an hour ago. He had taken a quick shower and then rushed to the elevator. He felt as if hunger was about to kill him. He had woken up really hungry and it had never happened before. But what he needed was some real good food to feed his poor hungry stomach.

Luis was putting on a beautiful yet simple cargo short, a deep yellow t-shirt and green sandals that felt way too comfortable on his feet. He was really hungry and hence the reason why he was rushing to the dining room. He made a quick pass on the living room, rushing to the dining.

Reaching the dining room, Luis found the rest of the family members having their breakfast with wonderful smiles on their faces. It seemed they were having a really great day while he was definitely starving to death. He had never experienced hunger as much as he did at that very time. It kept on increasing every second and he felt as if he didn't have any food in his stomach he would die.

"Hi!" Luis greeted, rushing his hands towards the curried rice on the table. He grabbed a plate and poured some as quickly as possible. He made a quick sit and dived into the rice which felt incredibly beautifully in his mouth. He breathed in deeply and smiled.

"Hey!" Hanna chuckled softly, staring at him closely.

The way he was eating the rice as if he had never had such food in his life before... the way he was breathing and smiling as if he had been hungry for ages and the quicker he was having that rice got everyone really worried. They had their eyes on him, closely monitoring his movements to see what exactly he was doing. They had never seen such behavior from him before.

Luis poured himself some juice in a huge glass cup. Taking it to his lips, he had the whole cup at once and poured another. Everyone was now looking at each other in amusement. They couldn't even describe what they were seeing.

"Son..." granny called softly, resting her hand on his. 

"Yeah, granny..." he said as he took another spoonful of that wonderful rice.

"Are you okay?" She sounded really worried, softly rubbing on his hand. "You seem as if..." She paused and gave a gloomy sigh, looking at everyone else. "I don't even know how to..."

Luis chuckled and then continued with his food. "Don't worry about me granny. I am just extremely hungry that's all." He slightly raised his eyes and beamed. "I am really fine. You don't have to worry about anything."

"Alright." Granny smiled, squeezing his free hand. Then she let go and just stared at him. He seemed really different, hungrier than before. It was almost not like him.

Luis on the other hand didn't mind that they were all staring at him. All he wanted to do was fill himself up with really wonderful food that he knew was gonna give him more energy than he could ever need. That was all that he wanted. He ate the whole plate and felt a little better. Then he drank the whole juice and rubbed on his belly. He felt a little better but he was still hungry.

Looking all around to scan the food on the table, Luis grabbed a cup and made himself some coffee. Then he took bread and scrambled eggs. He was now enjoying another wonderful food which definitely got the queen really worried once she stared at him.

"Son..." The queen gasped, moving her chair close to him. She couldn't mask the big frown on her face and the worry in her voice. "Are you sure you are okay? Do you feel sick or something?"

Hearing his wife's words and worries, King Julian burst into laughter, clearing his voice after. "Since when did eating become a sickness?" He laughed softly. "Eating is healthy. My wonderful son is just hungry. There is nothing wrong with him."

"But..."

"Mom..." Hanna breathed, chuckling softly. "Dad is absolutely right. You worry too much. Luis is just really hungry. I bet my brother didn't have any good food at the meeting yesterday. It is expected and you know how he is when he doesn't like food." She laughed softly, joining her father. "Just let him eat. Okay?"

"Alright." The queen sighed, sitting comfortably back on the chair. Even though she had moved away from him, she still had her eyes on him. Her son had just had a big plate full of curried rice with sauce. It was so not like him. He didn't even have half that plate in the past. And to top it all, he was now having bread with scrambled eggs. What was really going on? But guess they were right. She was just gonna sit still and pretend it was just normal hunger.

"You don't have to worry." The king nodded his head, carefully cleaning his mouth with a cloth. Then he put it back on the table and rubbed his hands, moving his eyes from side to side. "By the way, why isn't William here?" he took a quick glance at his watch. "It will be 10 soon and he isn't here? He is usually here by this time."

"Yes!" Hanna nodded. "I was actually thinking the same. I haven't even seen him today. He is an early riser. This is so not like him."

"Maybe he is just tired." Granny said happily. "I am sure he is just resting. Let him rest for a while and then he will come down when he is really ready okay?"

The king nodded. Luis continued with his food. He was going full time, nonstop without even uttering a word. By the time he was full, he had about four cups of coffee and almost half a loaf of bread which had really made the queen worried. But he was fine.

"Uh..." He breathed, stretching his arms. "That feels much better." His energy was back and he felt as if he was able to live again. His hunger had definitely tied him down but he was glad he was now able to feel better. "I don't want to feel like that ever."

"Are you done now?" The queen asked.

Luis nodded, grinning at her. "I am done. Don't worry about anything mother. Aren't you the one who told me that eating enough food is actually really healthy?"

"Yeah." The queen nodded, chuckling nervously. "But not the kind you just ate like crazy. Now let's go to the living room." 

Luis nodded and then picked up an apple which he started eating while heading to the living room with his family. His mother had her hand on his waist, still staring at him happily but also worriedly. He gave her a satisfying look, assuring her that he was absolutely perfect and nothing was wrong with him. She gave him a quite good kiss on his cheek, ruffling his hair.

They reached the living room and Luis threw his body on the couch, laughing softly. He was really happy after that wonderful breakfast which he had just had. It made him feel powerful and energized. Now he was ready to begin his day wonderfully.

The king took another glance on his wonderful watch. "It is now 10. Do you think he is sick or something?"

"I think I better go check up on him." Hanna got up from the couch. "I will be right back with him."

Hanna rushed to the elevator and pressed the floor on which William was staying on. She knew he was probably sleeping but she was gonna bring him down with her. It was too late to be sleeping. The elevator door opened on William's floor and Hanna rushed out happily with a huge smile on her face, heading straight for William's room.

Reaching the door, Hanna chuckled softly, forming her hand into a fist. She knocked hard on the door and then beamed. There was no answer when she knocked. She quickly cleared her throat, knocking on the door again.

"William," She smiled, getting a little louder. "It's Hanna. May I come inside?"

Hanna got surprised when she didn't hear his voice. "Prince William, it is mid morning already. You are gonna be sick if you sleep another minute okay?" She waited to get an answer but still nothing. "Hello?"

Hanna got another surprise. She knocked really loudly. "Strange..." She shook her head. "I am coming inside whether you are ready or not."

Hanna took a really deep breath, gripping the knob. She turned it quickly, opening the door instantly.

"Seriously why would..." She trailed off before she could even finish her sentence. "William?" She sounded really worried as if she was not sure of something or what to do next.

She moved her eyes around. "William? Are you in here?"

But there was no sign of anyone living in that room or sleeping there. The beddings were made without any sign of someone sleeping there. The whole place seemed empty and she couldn't even spot any of his clothes hanging out but guess they were in the drawer. Taking a deep breath, Hanna rushed inside and headed for the bathroom, still calling his name. She knocked severally without getting an answer. Then she took a great step and opened the door, scanning all around. He was not there.

Hanna rushed to the room and checked everywhere but William was nowhere to be found. It was like he was not even in that room. Could he have gone somewhere really early in the morning, she thought? But he wouldn't have gone without informing anyone would he?

Hanna took a great breath and checked the remaining place, the wardrobe. There were no clothes, no bag and no shoes.

"Oh my God,"

Hanna quickly left the room and started rushing down the stairs instead of using the elevator. She was in such a hurry and when she reached the end of the stairs, she was literally tired and panting a bit. She rushed to the living room, calling her father.

"Father..."

"What's wrong?" The king abruptly moved his eyes to her, seeing her rushing to him. "What's chasing you?"

"Father," Hanna gasped, sitting on the couch. "He's not there. His clothes are not even there. I think he's gone."

The king couldn't believe a word of what Hanna had just said. He furiously got up. "What?"

"Yes!" Hanna nodded his head. "There is no sign of him anywhere. He is gone and so is the rest of his stuff. I have checked everywhere and I haven't seen him or any of his stuff."

Luis slightly got up, surprised at his sister's words. Though he was scared as to how he was gonna face William after having sex with him, he got really surprised that he had left. He had even been thinking about talking to him about it so as to clear the misunderstanding but now he was gone? Luis couldn't just believe it.

"But how's that even possible?" Granny gasped. "He was here last night. When did he leave? I woke up at six today and I never actually saw him."

"You are absolutely right, mother." The queen actually nodded. "It is impossible that he left. I am sure he is somewhere and has changed his room."

The king was dumbfounded. William didn't look like the type of guy who would just leave out of the blue without informing him. It wasn't possible. But nothing happened in the palace without his knowledge so he was gonna find out.

Moving his eyes quickly towards the door while worry took over him, Julian took a really deep breath and started calling the guards.

"Guards..."

Immediately he called, about three guards came rushing to the living room. They knelt down on the floor, bowing their heads in respect. "Yes, my lord..."

"Where are William's guards?" He asked. "I need to see them right now. Tell them it's urgent and..."

"I am sorry, my king." One of the guards said, bowing his head down. "We haven't seen any of them today. We actually told the maids to go and check on them but it seems like they are not in their rooms. Their clothes are not even there."

Hearing exactly what his guards had uttered, Julian's eyes widened greatly. "What?" His voice filled the entire palace. "Are you telling me that they left and..."

"We don't know, my lord." One of them said. "We haven't seen them today. You can actually ask the guards that were on duty last night. We resumed this morning and we didn't see..."

"Call the guards that were on duty last night." He commanded. "I need to see them urgently."

The two guards bowed and then rushed out of the living room. King Julian moved his head, wondering where the prince could have gone that early. He was really worried. Luis might have been scared of facing William but he was now worried about him. How could he leave just like that? Could he have left because of what had happened between them, he wondered. He was just too confused to even think clearly.

"William?" Julian frowned, thumping his leg on the floor. "This is impossible." He whispered. "He couldn't have actually... could he have?" So many questions were ringing through his small head, filling every space in him.

In just a few minutes, about four guards came rushing to the living room. They bowed down.

"You called us, your highness."

The king furiously got up from the couch. "Have any of you seen Prince William or any of his guards? They are not in this palace and I learned that all of you were on duty last night. Now answer my question." He yelled.

"Yes, my lord," One of them bowed. "Prince William and his guards were seen last night."

"Last night..." Granny gasped. "Where did you actually see them? They are not in this palace as we speak."

"Prince William and his guards left the palace last night." One of the guards said simply, bowing his head to the royal family.

Hearing him, the king sat back on the couch and just stared at them. "That's impossible. He couldn't have left just like that. He couldn't have left without informing me."

"We are sorry, your majesty. But the truth is that we saw him leaving." The head blonde head guard said, bowing his head. "He left in the middle of the night with the guards. He seemed to be in a great hurry."

"And you didn't stop him?" the king shouted. "He left in the middle of the night and you let him go just like that? What kind of guards are you? And you didn't even find it fit to tell us? You should have informed me that same hour. I would have talked to him."

"I am really sorry," The head guard apologized. "We tried to talk to him but he didn't hear us out. He got a little mad and commanded us to open the gates and allow him leave. He seemed to be in a real hurry. We had no choice but to open the gates for him. He left last night my lord."

There was a moment of silence after the guards spoke. The king remained silent, wondering what kind of behavior William had shown to him. That was the second time he left unannounced.

"You may leave..." The queen instructed the guards. They bowed their heads and left. The queen moved to her husband's seat and rested her hand on his shoulder. "Are you okay?"

The king raised his face. He was surely worried. "How could William have left without letting any of us know?" Then he stared at everyone. "Did any of you know that he was leaving?"

"No father..." Hanna nodded. "I am actually surprised myself. William is not the kind of guy that just leaves out of the blue."

"He didn't just leave out of the blue." Luis sighed, moving his feet from the couch, dropping them to the floor. "He left in the middle of the night. Now what could have been so important that he left during the night? Maybe an urgent matter in his..."

"Even at that," The king said harshly. "He needed to tell us that he was leaving. He was our guest and he should have told us. Even at hotels no matter how in hurry you are, you always check out. But he left unannounced. What's wrong with him?"

"I am actually surprised." Granny shook her head. "He didn't seem like that type of guy. Why would he leave without announcing it and letting us know. It's not like we would have denied him from leaving the kingdom."

"Don't stress over it." Ruby said to everyone. "The poor boy was probably just in an emergency that he forgot about telling us that he was leaving the palace. I am sure that he will write or something."

"I think mom is right." Hanna said softly. "He was probably just needed urgently in the kingdom and he had to leave. You know how these kingdom matters can be at times. They can be really stressful. I am sure he didn't mean to leave just like that."

"This is the second time he..."

"Don't worry too much." Ruby smiled, rubbing on her husband's back. "I am sure he is fine. He'll communicate. Trust me on this one. That boy is really different from the others okay?" Ruby smiled. "Now stop being worried about him. Nothing is going to happen. I am sure he is already on his way back to his kingdom right now."

The king took a gloomy sigh, staring at his queen. He didn't need to make her more worried so he gave her a bright smile. "Guess you are right. He will communicate with me. I won't be worried because that boy can take care of himself." He chuckled.

The royal family felt a little relieved even though deep down they were all worried. Luis had his eyes on his father. Everyone loved William a whole lot. But where could he have gone out of the blue. Did something important really come or was it because of what had happened between them, he thought as he ruffled his own hair? 

"What's going on here?" He couldn't understand. But guess it was for the best. But why was he still worried? Luis just hoped he reached safely back in his kingdom. He prayed for it too.

***

"What?" Charles gaped, staring at Luis with a confused look on his face. "Are you telling me that you slept together?" He had no idea how to express what he felt.

"Yep!" Luis sighed, raising his eyebrow at his friend. "I actually don't know what had happened. I couldn't even remember what had happened that night. I only woke up naked in my bed with him and he told me that I was actually the one that started it. That I stripped his clothes and..." He paused and buried his face between his palms.

"And now he's gone?"

"Yes!" Luis nodded. "We actually couldn't find him yesterday morning. It's all so confusing and..."

"What's there to be confused about?" Charles said. "If you ask me, I think you didn't do anything wrong. You were drunk and..."

"That's the problem." Luis said. "I only had half a glass of champagne and you know that I don't get drunk that easily. Something was wrong and I can't remember anything more from that time onwards. Everything else just happened so fast that..." He paused and just rubbed his eyes. "I felt really terrible for what I had done and..."

"There is nothing to feel terrible about." Charles said, rubbing on Luis' hand. "You were clearly drunk. He was sober. You couldn't have definitely overpowered him. I bet he really wanted it. He was into you because no sober man can allow a drunken man to take advantage of him like that."

Luis raised his face to stare into the face of his best, best friend. "Are you sure about that?"

"Yes!" Charles nodded. "Believe me on this one. The guy you came with is too smart. I could see from when the both of you came here that..."

"What are you talking about?"

"It's what I saw." Charles sighed.

Luis was now curious as to what Charles was trying to tell him. He couldn't understand anything and he needed to. What was Charles telling him, he thought as he gave his best friend a lost look? He needed him to shed more light so that he could get to understand everything clearly.

"I don't get it."

Charles chuckled softly, patting on Luis' shoulder. "It was clear the guy was lusting after you."

"I still don't get it." Luis was now as confused as ever. "Can you please tell me more about that? How do you that he was lusting after..."

"The guy had his eyes on you the whole time you came with him." Charles confessed. "I saw it from his eyes too. He was even licking his lips at..."
