 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello lovely readers and welcome to yet another chapter of Unbroken. Before I go into writing I would love to thank you guys a lot for your love for my stories and for me as well. You guys are my inspiration and I love you a lot. I just hope you will find this chapter interesting. Don't forget to drop your comments at the end of this chapter and don't forget to rate. I love you guys.

Enjoy...

*****

Angria, a thousand years ago before civilization...

*

A long time ago, before civilization and before man even knew the use of technology or any other modern equipments, people lived in fear as they were ruled by a ruthless and evil leader who used his army to get whatever he wanted. People were suffering from the hands of this ruthless and cruel leader. They couldn't do a thing without the knowledge of this cruel leader. He had conquered the small clan which was rich in gold and land. He used the people as slaves and all the women as sex slaves. He had no remorse and he used to get what he wanted.

The people prayed for a deliverer, someone to redeem them from their captivity. For a long time they used to suffer and most of them lost their lives in trying to throw the king out of their land. The people were still suffering and that suffering just intensified. The king grew crueler every day, not even showing a sign of hope. Many people believed he possessed evil powers that made him stronger and ruthless. His warriors preyed the land, looking for whom to devour.

Many years passed and these people were automatically slaves to him. But one day hope came back once again when two strangers, two brothers came to the land. They were blessed with magic, believed to be the first men to have natural magic. Their names were Ming and Mang. Ming was the oldest and Mang was the youngest even though they possessed the same powers. They were really powerful and they used their magic to help out the people.

They helped in wiping out the entire warriors of the evil king and then battled with him. In the end, the evil king was defeated and stripped off all the powers that he possessed. The defeat for the evil king was just too much that he took his own life right of in front of Ming and Mang.

Once again, peace returned to the land and the people were able to live happily and peacefully. They treated Ming and Mang as their saviors. They treated them like rulers and redeemers. As time went by, Ming and Mang helped the people by building the very first brick houses. The people were really happy and so were the brothers.

However, a lot of things were different between the two brothers. While Ming was arrogant, short and hot tempered, proud and showing off his powers, Mang was different. Mang was humble, kind, nice and used his magic to help out whenever he could. The two brothers helped out the people a lot and also showed the people how to mine.

As years went on, it was found out that the land had more riches than anyone expected. It had many precious stones and lands. Mang helped the people whenever he could but the more they found out about the land, the greedier Ming became.

Mang tried to explain to his brother about the use of his magic but the pride in Ming had taken the best of him. He got even prouder and refused to help out people for free. He was involved in shady business which his brother didn't like. But Mang was helpless. He couldn't do a thing or tell his brother as it would have made him madder than he had been.

The years went by and the land kept on getting bigger as many people migrated to the land. People were free to do as they wished. The land's growth was just too big and as result, the people needed a king to lead them and rule them.

As a result of the much help that the two brothers gave to the people and the development they had brought to the land, the people felt it could only be fair to let one of them rule the land. Hearing that, Ming was really happy. He looked forward to it and even boasted about it. He knew he was gonna be king since he was older than his brother. Then he could be free to do as he wished and use all the riches. There was no denying that fact. Mang on the other hand was more interested in the people's decision. He was happy with any of their decision.

After the people had made their decision it all came down to the day they were supposed to announce the ruler. Ming was prepared and he came dressed as a king. But he was disappointed when the people chose his brother rather than him. He was furious and he stormed out, leaving the people crowning Ming as their new king.

Mang was really happy with the decision of the people and when he found out about his brother's feelings, he tried to talk him out of it but it was all in vain. Ming's anger had just reached too far. He stormed out and went away from Mang.

Mang was worried about his brother but he knew he had to make his people happy as their new ruler. That was when he constructed the first palace in Angria history. It was small but it was magnificently made with gold and diamonds. It was precious.

Upon the departure of Ming, strange occurrences started happening in the kingdom ranging from mysterious murders, diseases, rapes and kidnaps. Mang was worried for his kingdom so he carried out an investigation. He eventually found out the bitter truth that his brother was causing that to his kingdom. He was really furious and when he confronted his brother... a magic battle occurred between them. Ming eventually found out that his younger brother was more powerful than him. Ming was eventually defeated and banished from the land.

Mang was sad for his brother and he still loved him. But he couldn't let any harm come to his people. The development continued and after so many years the kingdom was the biggest in the entire world. People forgot about Ming and continued living their lives.

Ming was now a married man with two sons who were pretty normal. He often had dreams about his loving brother and missed him. The people felt he needed a symbol of sovereign so they made him the fist scepter, a golden scepter with a huge diamond.

Mang was happy and he blessed that scepter. Things were pretty normal until the dark day came for them. Ming was back in the kingdom, now a master of the dark arts. He possessed evil powers by seeking the help of an evil god. He expanded his magic by making many blood sacrifices to the evil god. He had dark powers bestowed in him by the use of a black gem which contained unimaginable but evil powers.

Ming destroyed almost half of the kingdom and forcing people to worship him. He called himself a god. After finding out, Mang met with his evil brother and tried to talk things out with him. But there was no way Ming was going to listen to him. Mang warned his brother to leave his kingdom but due to the dark powers that Ming possessed, he vowed to get the kingdom back for himself and he even told his brother to give him the kingdom and he was gonna spare his life.

After hearing Ming's demands, Mang was really furious. He needed his people to be safe. He tried to make peace once again but Ming didn't stop. He was coming back for the throne which should have been his. He vowed to get it at all costs. He attacked the palace with his dark forces, wiping out almost all the workers. This forced Mang to go to a battle with Ming. He didn't care about the evil powers that he possessed. He knew his brother had to be stopped at all costs.

That was when a great and legendary battle started between the two brothers. The battle was really a legendary battle which was really powerful. Everyone lived in fear that day as they feared their king would fail them. They thought Ming was more powerful than their king due to the powers he possessed. 

After so many hours of fighting, Ming tried everything to kill his brother and take the throne but nothing was working. Mang was still powerful even though Ming had tripled his powers. Mang was tired. He fought the battle with his brother in mind. But when his brother killed a few of his people, Mang was mad. He unleashed his full power on Ming and defeated him within a few minutes.

Mang was now defeated and he begged his brother to spare his life. Due to the great love Mang had for his brother, he decided to grant his wish but told him,

"Go!" He pointed angrily at him. "Don't ever come back here or I'll kill you."

Mang thought his brother had really changed but when he turned to leave, he was stroke with Ming's dark powers that injured him. Ming laughed and said to his brother, "You are such a fool. Why would I beg a puny person like you?" he extended his hand with the intention of killing his brother with an energy ball. "Goodbye, brother."

Mang was weak. He felt really weak and he knew if he didn't do anything he would be killed and his people would suffer. He thought about his wife and his kids. When Ming sent an energy ball to Mang, he got surprised when it didn't him. He tried again and again to do it but Mang had put a really powerful invisible shield on himself. That was the first time he did.

Desperate to defeat his brother and kill him, Ming started enchanting a powerful spell which was gonna made that shield weak. Mang got scared. He could feel that the shield was weakening. Being injured and without much strength to defeat his brother, Mang tried to look for ways to defeat his brother for real. He saw his scepter and got an idea. He took it quickly and transferred his powers into that scepter. He threw the scepter towards Ming, hitting him on the forehead, injuring him.

Ming was mad and he saw that his brother didn't have the shield anymore. He decided to use the same scepter to kill his brother. But Mang was no fool. When Ming touched that scepter, he was stroke by lightening that left him really weak. He fell to the ground.

Mang got back his scepter and got back his powers too. He healed himself and went to finish his brother off. Ming tried to beg his brother but it was rather too late. Mang had already seen that his brother wasn't gonna change ever. He held out the scepter and used a spell his father had told him. He used the scepter to try and get Ming's powers and defeated him, destroying the evil gem which was in brother's body or so he thought. Ming was left weak and mortal, stripping him of even hiss natural powers. He was injured and terribly bleeding. He knew that his end had come. But he had final words to say to his brother.

"This is not over..."

After those words, Ming lost his life that day. Mang saved his people once again and restored the kingdom back to the way it was. Many years passed and they continued living in peace but Mang was confused. Ming's words kept on haunting him. He was really worried.

Mang decided to visit a powerful oracle for help. When he eventually found out what exactly was going to happen, he was scared for his people again. Ming had been married and he had kids somewhere. His spirit was gonna continue living in his kids throughout his bloodline and they were gonna continue to try and repossess the kingdom. In his blood line, a child was gonna be born who was gonna conquer Angria once again and recreate the evil powers once again.

With the words from the oracle, Mang got really scared. He knew he had to do something. Mang had to protect his people and no matter what he did... he had to defend them. After careful thinking, Mang came to a deadly conclusion. He couldn't live forever to protect his people so he sacrificed himself and his magic for the people. He surrounded his magic throughout the boundaries of the kingdom far way so that the day wouldn't come. He blessed his kingdom with limitless riches and development to help them. 

But before he died, he used his magic to curse the child as the marked one, banished from ever stepping into his kingdom. But that wasn't enough because he knew the curse could be lifted once he possesses the evil powers. As a result, before he died, he gave a prophecy that his successor would be born, more powerful than him. He was gonna put an end to the evil quest of the marked one, Ming's successor.

After that, he died for his people. His first son hence became the second king of Angria. 

That marked the legend of Ming and Mang.

***

PRESENT DAY

*

A loud swoosh of wind which looked like black smoke, spinning round like a funnel appeared outside the palace walls, near the gate. It was spinning really fast, causing the nearby leaves and other things to be blown away. Then all of a sudden the legs started forming, going all the way up. In just a few seconds it was a whole full person, Wyatt and he had his eyes closed.

Taking a deep breath, Wyatt opened his eyes and raised his hands up, staring at them as if he hadn't seen them before. He quickly stared at his chest and noticed that he was okay. He wasn't dead or anything worse than that. He was standing... in Angria, right in front of the castle gate. He wasn't affected by the magic anymore. That only meant that his curse had been lifted.

Moving his hands up while opening his arms wider, Wyatt started chuckling softly. He was acting like he was expecting something great to fall on him. His chuckles suddenly turned into loud laughs that sounded like thunder roaring.

"I am immune..." he laughed, opening his arms wider. Thunder roared and lightning passed through the clouds, making him laugh even more. His heart was racing and he couldn't mask that evil grin on his face. "Finally..." he said, dropping his head to the wonderful huge gate which was his only obstacle between him and getting the throne.

"The kingdom shall now be mine." He laughed out loud, clenching his fists. His eyes gave a flash of red glow which filled him with even much more evil. "I finally have what I have been yearning for. I am in Angria. It is time to get back what belonged to my ancestor. This is for all my blood line. We shall now possess the kingdom which should have been ours."

Wyatt moved his eyes and stared at the elegant and beautiful palace. He was gonna turn it into what he was gonna need. He was gonna make sure that he deals with anyone who stands in his way. He was making sure that he...

"It is now time."

Wyatt gave an evil chuckle as he started walking to the huge gate. Reaching the gate, he extended his right hand, opening his palm widely. With a an evil grin, a powerful dark smoke like substance shot out of his hand, directing towards the huge gate.

Once the smoke touched the gate, it opened with a huge bang. It was now wide. He could see his palace from a distance now. All the cars, the palace, the furniture and everything he was setting his eyes on were now his. He couldn't believe he was still standing in Angria. Time to start... evil, he laughed at the top of his lungs.

"Who are you?" He heard a strange voice ask him.

Wyatt stopped his laughs and looked up to find about four armed guards with their swords ready. They were ready to battle with him. Seeing the guards, Wyatt raised his head and gave about a really loud laugh that made the guards look at each other.

"What do you want here?" The guards repeated. "We don't know how you managed to enter here but get out of here before we hurt you. Leave this place..."

"Boys..." Wyatt chirped as an evil grin appeared on his face, nodding his head in mockery. "Is that any way to talk to your new king and god?"

"What?" One of the guards gasped, holding his sword out. All the others followed. "How dare you speak like that? That is treason and it is a very big crime. We are going to spare you now but leave this place at once or else..." he raised the sword in the air. "You don't wanna..."

"Ha ha..." Wyatt smirked, bringing his hands forth. "I will not tolerate such pricks in my kingdom. Now drop those swords or face my wrath."

Hearing the middle aged man in front of them, the guards laughed out loud, touching their chests. The man was really funny. "What are you going to do?"

"I think he's going to talk us to death." One of them laughed even harder. "Look, grandpa, just leave this place right now. We don't have time for useless fools like you. We have better things and important people to deal with."

Wyatt's jaws trembled at the sudden anger that he felt at that very time. He couldn't believe those foolish weak mortals were actually teasing and insulting him. And the way they were laughing made his whole body tremble in rage. He was really mad at that time and he couldn't mask the anger in him. His body was visibly trembling.

"Oh look..." One of the guards pointed. "He's even shaking his pants. What are you gonna do next?"

"I think he's gonna pee his pants." Another one laughed. 

"No!" Another one laughed. "He's gonna shit his pants."

Wyatt breathed and panted, clenching his fists as hard as he could. When he opened his palms, he gave a loud and sharp scream that made the leaves themselves fall from the tree nearby. He was really mad and he was trembling. His eyes gave a sharp red glow as his fists started forming smoke. When the guards saw what was going on, their laughs stopped and they stared at the man who seemed really mad. They stared at each other with question marks on their heads. The man in front of them was definitely not human. His eyes were really glowing.

"Who are..."

Before the guard could even finish his sentence, Wyatt extended his hand, sending what looked like black smoke to him. He raised him in the air, clenching on him harder. The guard screamed in horror, dropping the sword that he was holding. He peed in his pants and Wyatt saw it.

"Now who's peeing in their pants?" Wyatt teased.

The three remaining guards stared at each other in fear and started running for it but they couldn't move. They were running and their legs were moving but they remained on one spot. It was really scary. They started screaming, filling the entire palace with their cries of horror.

"Where do you think you are going?" Wyatt laughed manically. "Didn't you want to have fun?"

"Please." They pleaded.

Wyatt gave a loud laugh. "Now I am going to show you the consequences of messing with your Lord."

Wyatt started clenching his fists and the man in the air started crying more than before. He was screaming for Wyatt to stop it but Wyatt was in too much fun. But he had better things to do. He clenched his fists hard and squashed the floating guard like a tomato. He was dead. Wyatt let him and he fell to the ground, lying in the pool of his own blood.

"And as for you three other fools." Wyatt bellowed. "You are gonna regret ever doing this." He yelled. His voice sounded like thunder, scaring the three guards even more. Wyatt looked all around the palace and knew exactly what to do.

He pulled his hand back, throwing the three guards to the ground as hard he could. They were now bleeding terribly, wincing and crawling on the ground. He laughed even harder when he saw what he did. "Never mess with a god..."

He opened his palm wider, sending a powerful energy ball. Before it even reached the three guards, they exploded. Wyatt moved his hands up and laughed even harder. He started walking towards the palace before he saw a number of guards rushing to him with their weapons ready, charging towards him.

Wyatt laughed manically, staring at the guards with an evil grin. "You fools definitely have no idea who the fuck you are dealing with."

Wyatt raised his hands, opening his arms even wider. He took in deep breath and gave a loud chant. Then suddenly, dark smoke surrounded him, lifting him off his feet. He was now floating in the air with the dark smoke hiding his feet. He raised his right hand in the air. Lightning shot in the sky as if the rain was about to come. Suddenly, dark clouds started forming, surrounding the palace while thunder roared.
