 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to the 14th chapter of Unbroken. Thank you so much for your great love for my story. I really love you guys a whole lot. I just hope you will find this chapter really interesting. It is always nice to deliver a piece of writing to you guys. Don't forget to drop your comments and rates at the end of this chapter. Comments, whether bad or good are definitely welcome. Enjoy...

*****

Luis came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist and using another to towel his hair. Luis' room had been fully renovated and refurnished. The color of the room plus the design was now different. The bathroom though it was a three in one was replaced with different things. The Jacuzzi had been replaced by a bigger one and so did the hot tub. The multiple shower head system was now upgraded and it was really beautiful.

In his room, the bed and everything including the couches had been changed. He didn't want anything that would link him to his past life. All he wanted was to just forget about everything and move on. The wine dispensers, outdoor fire pit living room were also changed. The balcony pool was now huge and it was beautiful that way. 

Luis had added his own closet just for shoes and another huge room for his clothes. He had changed the entire wardrobe and his personality just to change his lifestyle too. He was now a fierce man who didn't give a damn about his past. He was now a free man without a past haunting him.

So much had pretty much changed in the palace in the past two years he had been away. The palace had also been renovated into something even more beautiful than before. The furniture had been changed just to forget about everything. It was going perfectly.

In the past two years Luis went abroad, things have pretty much changed for him. He had accomplished his mission even though it had been hard at first to just forget about everything. His friend had been so helpful to him in terms of being there for him and encouraging him. They had a lot fun abroad and they did all that they could just to forget about Luis' trouble in the past.

It had really been hard on him and after long, he buried what he felt for Aidan and nothing was gonna bring those feelings that had been buried. He was now a free man and he loved his freedom rather than being imprisoned by the feelings that he had for his betrayer. Now he had his life back on track and he was even livelier than he had ever been before. Nothing was gonna ruin that happiness for him.

What Luis' couldn't get to understand though was that in those past two years, not once has he had any sexual encounters. Sure, he had a guy give him a blow job abroad but he didn't like it at all. They used to hang at gay bars but nothing really interested him. He didn't want to fuck any of the whores and he still couldn't understand the reason why that was so. But...he had tried to get his life back as a playboy. It didn't work for him. Guess what he was really looking for was a real relationship. Maybe he was older and didn't need to be sleeping around. He was 25 now for heaven's sake.

A loud vibration got Luis out of his reverie. He moved his face forward to his phone and then dropped the towel he had been drying his hair with. Taking a really deep sigh, Luis rushed to the phone and then quickly picked it.

"Hello..."

"Hey, man, are we still hanging out?"

"Yes!" Luis chuckled. "You know I wouldn't miss that for the world."

"Okay. I thought since you are taking too long..."

"I just got caught up in my own thoughts and that's all." He hit his head. "But I will hurry it up. I cannot miss hanging out with you."

"Okay." Charles chuckled. "See you then."

"Okay."

Luis cut the call and then nodded his head, chuckling softly. The person that made his day was his friend. His friend had even gotten crazier in the past two years. But he loved him even more. He wouldn't dare miss any opportunity to hang out with him.

"Crazy guy..." He chuckled, heading towards the room where his entire clothes were.

Reaching the room, Luis did a quick scan to see what he was gonna wear for that day. After much consideration, Luis put on a red designer's skinny jean, pink designer's shirt which he tucked in the jean. He then put on red designer's snickers that made him look super sexy. He was really sexy but he knew his outfit just made that really wonderful.

Rushing to his room, he combed his hair and then wore his cologne. He checked himself in the mirror and noticed that he was just perfect. He was now ready to hang out with his buddy and just have a good time like he had been doing since he came back about a week ago.

With a final check, he got out of his room into the elevator and then down the stairs. Reaching the living room, Luis found his sister with Henry, her now fiancé. They had been engaged about two months ago and their wedding was yet to be announced. Even though he hadn't been there, he had seen the engagement party and it had been really classy and elegant. He was really happy for his sister. She deserved more than what she was getting. He knew she was gonna be a great wife to Henry and a wonderful mother to her children. He had no doubt about that.

"What's up?" Luis greeted as he reached the living room. He was wearing a really wonderful smile on his face.

"Hey!" The queen got up and then kissed him. "You are finally awake. But you look as if you are about to go somewhere. I thought you were gonna have lunch with us. We are having Henry with so..."

"Oh..." Luis hit his head, moving his eyes to Henry. "Sorry man. I can't have lunch with you. I really have to go. I am meeting up with Charles. We are going to have lunch together and just hang out, have fun. I am really sorry."

"It's fine." Henry smiled brightly. "It is really nothing. There are other days that we can sit together and then just have lunch."

"Yeah," Luis nodded and then smiled teasingly. "Or I have a great idea. Why don't you ditch this girl and then come with me? I know we are going to have great fun. Besides, you are marrying my sister and I feel I don't know a lot about you. Let's strengthen this bond and then just hang out, you know..." He gestured. "Let's hang out as friends."

There was a moment of silence as none of the people spoke. Henry looked straight at Hanna and Hanna looked at Luis. Then she smile brightly and got up, coming closer to him.

"You want to take my man out?"

"Why?" Luis rolled his eyes, teasing his sister. "Is there any problem with me hanging out with my future brother in law?"

"Yes!" Hanna nodded. She chuckled when he raised his eyebrow. "I think you are crazy. Why didn't you ask sooner? I think he should go with you too. You are going to be brothers soon and I think it is only fair if you make a bond." She looked behind. "What do you think, my love?"

"I am fine with it." Henry smiled brightly, getting up from the couch. "As long as..."

"Why would I have any problems with it?" Hanna laughed, hitting Luis on the shoulder. "There is nothing I want more than my two babies hanging out together. You should get used to it because you will do it more often once we are married."

"Yeah," Luis breathed, smiling brightly. "And I am not your baby."

"Yeah, you are." She squeezed his shoulder. "Now I want you two to have fun. And don't you dare make my baby drunk okay?"

"I think I might just do that." They all laughed from Luis' jokes. "But don't worry," he wrapped his arm around her shoulder. "I will take good care of your fiancé for you okay?"

"Okay."

Hanna moved to her fiancé and kissed him on the lips right in front of Luis and the queen. "Have a really good time with my brother?" She rubbed his lips.

"Of course." Henry nodded. Hanna moved to Luis and kissed his cheeks too, rubbing on them softly. "I trust you to make him have a good time."

"You bet." Luis said, moving his eyes to Henry. "Let's go bro. We really have a fun day ahead of us."

Henry chuckled nervously. "Okay." He went near Luis. Luis wrapped his arms around Henry and both of them started heading out of the palace.

"Come early." The queen hollered just as they were about to exit the door. "We are gonna have dinner together."

"Alright mom." Luis hollered as they exited the door.

The queen chuckled and then sat on the couch, nodding her head happily. "This boy's craziness has just gone to another level since he came back from abroad."

"Yeah..." Hanna chuckled, sitting on the couch with her legs crossed. "He sure has changed a lot I tell you."

"I am really happy for him. I can't even express it." The queen chuckled softly. "Who could have believed that he is the same boy that was crying like a baby, years ago? I feel really happy for my son. He went through a lot and..."

"You are right mom?" Hanna chuckled. "But has he really forgotten about Aidan or...has he just buried those feeling?" She laughed when her mother frowned.

"I am sure he has moved on just like we have moved on."

"Moving on and forgetting are two different things mother." Hanna said. "Anyway, I am sure he has forgotten. You are really right about this. He has been through a lot and I hope he doesn't experience that again."

"Sure." The queen beamed. "I just hope he brings in a new son in law so that he can be truly happy just like you. I still can't believe that you will be getting married real soon. This is really wonderful..."

"Mom," Hanna blushed. "We are just engaged. As for Luis...I am sure he will find another guy out there. But I can tell you that none will make him happier than Aidan did. His love for him was reflected in every way."

"Hanna..." The queen didn't like where Hanna was going with the conversation. "Please...will you stop talking about that boy. We are living in peace now and we don't want any problems in the house. Can you stop..."

"I am right you know." She sighed. "None will make him happy. Remember what they say about first love? There is nothing like it. You are going to tell me."

The queen opened her mouth to speak but she found it impossible to do. Hanna's words were ringing in her head. Could Hanna's words be absolutely right, she thought as she looked at her daughter? Could she be right after all?

***

The king was standing in his throne room, staring at the trident which was just near a wall, placed carefully in a diamond glass like thing. He was busy staring at the trident, nodding his head sadly. Things had taken an unexpected turn and he had no idea what to do.

"For how long will this keep on happening?" He said angrily. "For how long will I continue to live without a priest by my side? For how long will I remain unguided?"

King Julian was really confused. For the past two years, the trident has remained dormant without any signs of choosing a successor, at least none that he knew of. He knew what exactly was going to happen once a new successor was sensed or rather chosen. The trident was gonna glow a bright white color. But nothing like that had ever happened in the past two years.

The king got closer to the trident and then carefully rubbed the glass in which it was placed.

"For how long shall I wait?" He continued. "This is really stressing me out and I have no idea what to do. Ever since the origins of this kingdom...nothing like this has ever happened. Could it be that the almighty is angry or something?" He sighed.

King Julian moved his eyes up, staring into the ceiling. "Why is this happening? Does this mean that there will be no priest? So many questions are in my mind. I need answers, almighty." He bowed. "I need a new priest. I need guidance. I feel really lost. It's like the almighty has abandoned me."

Julian then moved his eyes to the trident. "A king without a guide is like a lost king. My father told me this when I was young. Now I know exactly what he meant. So many things have happened in our lives, things that we need answers to. The temple of light was defiled years ago and can only be completely cleansed by a priest. Please..." He pleaded. "I need real answers. I need to know when the next priest is going to be chosen. Please."

King Julian bowed his head and then gave a short prayer. The only thing that he wanted was just to have a priest by his side. He needed a guide. He hasn't had any spiritual help since the death of the priest. He felt he needed it urgently. The priest's presence was always very important to any king. In fact, he was the first king to have gone that long without a priest. It was really getting him worried.

After the prayer, the king moved his head up and stared at the trident. It was really beautiful but he felt as if it had no power anymore. Not a single glow in the past two years. Things were really not what he had expected them to be.

"May the almighty's will be done." He sighed. King Julian took one final look at the trident and then left the throne room.

After King Julian left the throne room and locked it, something happened. The trident started like a shimmering light which was glowing brighter. The glass opened wide, releasing the trident. It rose high up in the air, spinning slowly while the light kept on glowing. As the light started glowing brighter, the spinning got faster until the whole room was filled with quiet wind which blew all around the room. The room was now fully bright.

The trident spun for a number of seconds before it hit the floor with a thud. Immediately the wind stopped and everything went calm. The light went off and then trident went back into the glass.

"A new successor, a priest had been chosen."

***

"Seriously that had been a great day." Henry said to Luis as they both entered the palace. "I have never had such fun for a long while."

"Sure." Luis chuckled, patting on his back. "We should really hang out more often. It was great having you around."

"Thanks." Henry smiled brightly. "That was really nice of you. And Charles is really fun. I knew he was fun the first time I met him but I had no idea he was that crazy. No offence."

"None taken..." Luis laughed. "He is really..."

"So you guys are back?" Hanna interrupted, getting closer to the two of them.

"Yeah." Luis stopped and then moved his eyes forward, crossing his arms on his chest. "Are you happy or is there anything..."

"It's just that you came late." Hanna said, hitting Luis on the hand. "Mom told you guys to make it up here earlier. We have been waiting you know?"

"Sorry," Henry apologized, gripping Hanna's waist. He brought her closer and kissed her right in front of Luis' eyes. Luis smiled brightly and then pretended as if he was not really seeing it. They were kissing passionately, sucking on each other's lips as if they were hungry for each other. Their hands were all over each other's bodies. That was no ordinary kiss and they seemed to have forgotten that he was right there with them.

"Ahem!" Luis cleared his throat, snapping them out of their kiss. Both of them blushed brightly, dropping their eyes to the floor in shyness. "I don't mean to be a spoilsport but...I pretty much heard someone saying that we are being waited for at dinner. So..." He raised his eyebrow. "What's with all the kissing and..."

"Sorry, bro. I couldn't help it."Henry apologized, staring deeply into Hanna's eyes. "I think your sister..."

"Before you finish that sentence could we go and have dinner." He interjected, teasing the two of them with his eyes. "You can always kiss however much you want after dinner." He got closer to Henry and gripped his waist, tearing him away from Hanna. "Now let's go."

Henry chuckled and then followed Luis to the dining room with Hanna following them behind. They reached the dining room and found everyone except the king there. They were just chatting, waiting patiently for them to come.

"Finally," the queen got up from the chair. "We've been waiting for ages."

"Sorry, mom," He kissed her. "We were just having so much fun that we forgot we had to come back for dinner."

"What matters is that you are here." The queen rushed to Henry and hugged him. "Now sit down and have your dinner."

Luis rushed to his granny and kissed her on the cheeks. She smiled and then kissed all over his face, making him sit down next to her. Once they all sat down, the maids came and served them their dinner. Granny gave a short prayer before they all dived into the deliciously cooked dinner. It was magnificent and lovely.

As they ate, the king came inside with a beautiful smile on his face. He had his crown on his head, wearing beautiful blue royal attire which looked perfect on him. He was walking elegantly, chuckling softly to himself.

"Hey dad." Luis greeted as his father entered.

"Hey son." The king took a seat. "How was your day?"

"It was fine." Luis answered, staring at his happy looking father. He nodded, chuckling softly. "I don't need to ask how your day was because I can see from your ever glowing smile that you had a great day. Tell me..." he crossed his fingers, still staring at his father. "What is making you smile like that? Did mother give you some great news or..."

"No, you crazy boy." The queen slapped his hands softly, drawing a soft laugh from him. "I have no idea what is making him this happy. Believe me I have never spent any second with him today. He went to a meeting."

"Yes!" The king smiled as a maid served his food. "I went to a meeting and every program and project that we had planned has been successful." The king started explaining to him on various projects which had worked according to his plan.

Those projects were gonna help people a lot, especially the vulnerable people. Each city in his kingdom had been upgraded with new buildings in the past two years and it was growing. He had provided a lot of school leavers with scholarships to help them pursue their careers. It was a great development for his kingdom.

Luis and the others were really happy with the king. They even congratulated him. But it seemed like he had another story to tell them.

"By the way, William is in the kingdom." The king said as he took a spoonful of his food in his mouth.

"William?" Granny sounded confused, moving her eyes from side to side. "Which William are you talking about?"

"Prince William." The king said happily. "He arrived earlier this night and he is at a hotel in town."

"Prince William?" Hanna gasped, putting her spoon back on her plate. A bright grin appeared on her wonderful face. "Oh my God. He is here?"

The king nodded as he swallowed his food. "Yes! I actually had no idea he would be here. The hotel he arrived at is the hotel I was having a meeting at. We only met by chance. He said he was gonna send word that he had arrived."

"But why spend the night at a hotel?" Granny asked. "The palace is really huge and I don't think being at a hotel is that safe or even good for a person of his class. He is a prince and he should stay at the palace. Don't you think so Luis?"

"Uh?" Luis gasped, moving his eyes to stare at his granny. He had been eating quietly since they started talking about William. "What?"

"We are talking about Prince William staying at a hotel." Hanna reminded. "Don't you think he should be staying in the palace?"

"Err..." He chuckled nervously, holding the spoon tightly. "Yeah. I think you are right."

The king took a great sigh. "I asked him to stay here but he said he was really tired. But don't worry about him. He promised to come stay at the palace tomorrow because he came to visit us."

"That's good." Hanna said excitedly as she squeezed Henry's hand. "I can't really wait to see him. He is nice and really kind."

"Yeah..." The king said. "He is really like that."

"I hope he stays long this time." The queen said. "He didn't stay that long the first time. He needs to stay for a few days."
