 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to the 17th chapter of this great story. It is always nice to deliver a piece of writing to my lovely readers and friends. I just hope this chapter will be interesting for all of you. Don't forget to drop your comments at the end of this chapter and don't forget to rate. I love you guys a lot. Enjoy...

*****

"What the fuck is this?" Wyatt panted, spitting out the food that he had in his mouth. "What the hell did you serve me?"

Hearing the angry voice from Wyatt, the maid trembled, throwing herself on the floor. "It is your food, my Lord." The maid quavered, trembling like a leaf. 

"What?" Wyatt bellowed, throwing the plate of soup on the floor. It was broke into tiny pieces. "Is this food befitting of a god?"

"I'm... I..."

"Silence..." Wyatt raised his hand furiously. "You are all useless. You are as useless as..." he laughed manically. "... a statue."

Saying that, Wyatt thrust his hand forward, turning the maid into a stone statue. He rose from the table furiously, laughing like he had just done something of great evil. "Might as well become a useless statue." He laughed loudly, filling the entire dining room with his evil voice. "Next time you'll learn to cook properly."

With a final evil grin, Wyatt left the dining room laughing with his seer right behind him. He was still the king and his powers had multiplied. Now everyone lived in fear. No one was safe from him. He was a really happy but evil god like king.

As Wyatt left, William moved his eyes to stare at the statue which his father had just made. An evil grin appeared on his face as he chirped, shaking his head. "Serves this bitch right,"

William moved his eyes and stared at the three warlocks and took a deep breath. "I want you to bring Luis to my room as soon as possible. Bring him at all costs okay?"

"Okay?" They nodded.

William washed his hands and left the dining room to his room. He had a plan of getting Luis to himself. He had enough waiting and his lust was getting out of hand. It was definitely eating him up and he didn't like it one bit. He was tired of patiently waiting.

***

The door to the room opened and Luis raised his head up to find the three warlocks entering the room with evil grins on their faces. Seeing them he got really worried and mad at the same time. Those three were always there to take his father and he didn't like it. In fact, he'd had enough. For the last three days, the royal family had been locked up and they hadn't had any proper foods in their stomachs. They hadn't even bathed. They just stayed like that, looking all worried and sad. They had experienced a whole lot of hell in those three days.

The three warlocks walked towards Luis and folded their arms on their chest. "Get up and come with us now." They commanded.

Luis raised his face and stared at them with a frown on his face. Those three gave him creeps and he didn't like it. "What?"

"You heard us..." The red haired warlock chuckled teasingly. "Get up and come with us in peace or we..."

"Where are you taking my son?" King Julian asked, gripping his son harder. "What do you want to do with him? Leave him..."

"Shut up, crazy fool." The blonde haired warlock snarled. "Shut the fuck up. This doesn't..."

"Don't talk to my father like that." Luis snapped. "Don't you have any..."

"We don't have time for this shit." The dark haired warlock snapped, gripping Luis' arm tightly. It hurt a whole lot. "You are coming with us whether you want it or not."

"Don't take..."

"Shut up!" The blonde haired warlock pushed the king to the floor. Queen Ruby held her husband, bringing him closer to her.

"Don't worry father." Luis said confidently. "Nothing is going to happen to me. I will be fine."

Luis watched his father sobbing as he was being dragged out of the room. His father seemed sad and it affected him too. His hand was tightly being held by the blonde man. He was being dragged to where he didn't even know. 

"Where are..."

"You are soon going to find out." The blonde haired warlock snapped. "Now shut up your stinking mouth before I do it for you." 

Luis remained quiet and quietly followed the three warlocks to the elevator which seemed really dark. They came to the third floor where he was dragged out. Luis followed quietly as they went to the room. The blonde haired warlock opened the door and dragged him inside, throwing him hard on the floor. He hit his chest first but it didn't hurt. He was alright.

"Now stay there and don't you dare move a muscle." The red haired warlock pointed at him angrily. "You are gonna regret it if you do."

With that final warning, the three of them left the room and closed the door. Seeing them out, Luis quickly got up and looked around. The whole room looked like it had been when they were still living in it. Nothing had changed like the other things he had seen on his way to the room. He absolutely had no idea why he had been brought to that room but he didn't want to stay there.

With a quick deep breath of relief, Luis rushed to the door but when he tried to open it... it was locked from outside. He tried severally but nothing else was working. There was no way to open that door.

"Fuck..." Luis kicked the door harder, breathing as if he had been running for miles.

"It won't open. Only I can open it now." Luis heard a familiar voice.

He quickly turned and found William on the bathroom door way, smiling brightly at him. He had a towel around his neck. William was only putting on a bright blue boxer brief that was too tight on him. He had a grin on his face and if Luis wasn't mistaken, the guy was actually blushing.

Seeing William, Luis felt really mad. He felt a deep and powerful vibration take control of his body. He actually groaned as he tore his eyes away from the man that he had come to hate the most, the man that made his blood boil unlike before. He hated him more than he had ever hated anyone in his life before. He hated everything about him.

"I am sorry that you had to be treated like that." William apologized. "You can come and sit..."

"No thanks!" Luis said rudely, flaring his nose. "I would like to go back to my family right..."

"I am afraid I can't do that." William started getting closer to Luis. "I personally invited you here with so much love. Are you gonna turn me down like that?"

"In case you didn't hear what I said," Luis raised his voice. "I would like to go back to my family right now. I don't want your invite and I definitely don't wanna be with someone like you."

William blushed, biting his lips harder. He rushed to Luis, getting really close to him. Luis felt disgusted when he saw William so close to him. He tried to move further but he couldn't. He had already hit the door and there was absolutely nowhere for him to run.

William blocked Luis by moving his hand to the door, getting even closer to Luis. "I need you Luis." He breathed sensually. "I need you so badly right now. I want you to fuck me."

"What?" Luis yelled, pushing William away from him. Boy was he mad. "How dare you say that to me? Who do you think you are? I need to go back to my family right now and..."

"What's so difficult to understand?" William snarled. "I just want you to fuck me right now, just once. I am offering you myself on a silver platter and it comes with a lot of benefits. I will treat you like my lover. I will love you so much. Your family will have better rooms and I will convince my father to treat them better."

A brilliant smile appeared on Luis' face upon hearing that. He got closer to William and chuckled happily, seeing William's face brighten even more. He could see from William's eyes that he was really horny. He could tell the guy was lusting after him.

"Really?" He exclaimed, touching his chest.

"Yes!" William actually moaned, biting his lips sensually. 

"Is that all?" Luis chuckled, nodding his head. "Is that all that you are asking from me?"

"That's all." William acted as if he had hit a jackpot. He quickly gripped Luis' head and started getting closer to his lips, closing his eyes immediately. His breaths were fast and harsh. He was dying to taste Luis' lips for the first time.

William was getting closer to Luis' lips. He was almost locking his lips with him before... He felt Luis' finger on his lips. Before he even realized what was going on, Luis pushed him harder to the floor with a thud. His whole body gave a powerful jerk that made him feel really hurt. When he eventually opened his eyes, he found Luis' closer to him. Luis seemed mad and his eyes could tell.

"You've said what you have to say." Luis pointed his finger angrily at William. "But listen to what I have to say to you." He breathed in harshly. "I would rather be locked up with my family than stay with someone like you. I would rather rot in that room rather than have anything to do with you. Do you understand?" He snarled. "You are even worse than a dog. I would rather sleep with a dog than have anything to do with you."

By the time Luis was finishing what he was saying, William was totally mad. His face was red and his breaths sounded really violent. He furiously stood from the floor and stood near him, feeling his mouth trembling.

"I have done..."

"And I am done listening to you." Luis snapped. "Take me back to my family before..."

"I have done everything for you to like me." William snarled. "But you've left with no choice at all. I am going to have you whether you like it or not. I will have you just like I did the last time. You are going to fuck me whether you like it or not."

"You can do anything you want." Luis snapped. "You can even use magic on me but I will never love you. The only boy that has my heart is Aidan. I still love him and no one can replace that in my heart, not even a crazy whore like that."

Hearing Luis' words, William was definitely mad. He breathed in deeply, screaming at the top of his voice. He made a quick enchantment, extending his hands in anger. He threw Luis on the bed and made sure that he couldn't move.

Luis tried to move his hands and legs but he couldn't move any part of his body. It was like something was holding him tightly. He knew from that moment what William was gonna do to him but he wasn't still gonna let it. He was gonna try by all means to make sure that William didn't get what he wanted from him.

"Now we will see what you will do." William gave a bitter chuckle as he carefully climbed the bed. "I am going to have you now. I am gonna make sure you enjoy it that you have no choice but to beg for it next time."

"Do your worst, whore." Luis groaned. 

William gave a bitter chuckle as he started crawling up Luis' body. He lay on top of him, wrapping his arms around Luis' waist. He got closer to Luis, trying to lock his lips with him but Luis retaliated. He moved his head to the other side, making sure that he had his mouth tightly locked up.

William tried to move Luis' mouth but Luis spat on his face. "Take that bitch..." Luis yelled in his face.

William chuckled happily, wiping the spit from his face with his finger. He took it in his own mouth and licked it clean, licking his lips afterwards. An evil grin appeared on his face when he saw the huge frown on Luis' face.

"You are sick." 

"All this is just turning me on." William moaned softly. "But I am gonna enjoy riding your monster cock. We had quite some fun the last time. But now..." He started tracing Luis' body with his middle finger, going all the way down. "We are gonna enjoy it together. I am gonna enjoy hearing you moan your brains out while I ride your cock like crazy."

William reached Luis' crotch and rubbed on it. But he felt that Luis was still flaccid. When he moved his eyes to stare into Luis', he saw the dissatisfied look on his face. He laughed louder than before, rubbing on Luis' crotch as fast as he could while moaning softly.

"You are not turned on yet?" William chuckled, kissing on Luis' bare chest. "Allow me to take care of that for you."

William started kissing his way down Luis' chest, licking the nipples and then planting soft kisses all over his belly. Luis had never been as disgusted as he was by William. Even the whores he used to fuck weren't as disgusting as William. He seriously wanted to throw up. William was making him nauseous.

Reaching Luis' crotch, William sniffed and then laughed as loud as he could. He quickly removed Luis' monster flaccid cock out of his pants, letting it loose. He looked at the disgusted man and then started teasing Luis' cock by brushing on it with his tongue.

"You like that?" William moaned softly. "Do you want me to take..."

"Fuck you!" Luis bellowed, trying to kick his feet. But it was futile. "Fuck you, you fucking prick."

"Oh don't worry," William laughed teasingly. "You are gonna fuck me real good. Now just let me get you all excited."

Ignoring the groans of anger from Luis, William took his entire cock in his mouth and started sucking him softly while moaning on his cock. He did this for several times but got surprised when Luis was still flaccid. He sucked and sucked but there was nothing happening.

William furiously took Luis' cock out of his mouth, staring at Luis' face. He saw Luis' face of anger and mock. William got really mad when he saw that face. It was clear what Luis was trying to do or whatever he was doing. But he had done that before and he was gonna make Luis hard whether Luis liked it or not.

"You can ignore this as much as you want." William said in a serious voice. "But you will get hard whether you like it or not. You are gonna fuck me whether you like it or not."

With those words, William took Luis' cock again and sucked even harder than before while stroking him as fast as he could. He tried every technique that he knew. He sucked harder and harder than before but Luis was flaccid. There was nothing that was happening. The more William sucked that juicy cock he had tasted the other night the angrier he got.

"Fuck..." William yelled, tearing away from Luis' cock. "What the fuck are you trying..."

"If you are done using that pit latrine on me I would like to go back to my family now." Luis felt as if something really disgusting had just entered his body. "Fuck! You are so disgusting."

"What?" William furiously got up from the bed. "Who do you think you are? I am here offering a million dollar ass and you are there..."

"Get me out of here." Luis literally commanded. "I would like to go back to my room now okay. I don't have time for this no sense. I don't have time for disgusting men like you. I hate you. I told you that Aidan is the only one that..."

"Shut up!" William bellowed, hitting his fists harder on the bed. "You are nothing but a slave. I command you..."

"You can't command me to do anything." Luis gave a bitter chuckle. "Only Aidan has that right and he is not here. You might have raped me the other night but I would rather die than have anything to do with you."

William breathed really harshly at Luis' words, thrusting his hands furiously, releasing Luis from his hold. Feeling himself get free, Luis jumped off the bed and then zipped himself up, packing his cock back into his pants. He had an expression of disgust on his face.

"You might have escaped this one." William warned, pointing his fingers angrily at Luis. "But you will be mine. You shall be at my mercy and I shall use you anytime I want. This is the vow that I am making to you. I am still the prince of Angria and my father is the ruler and god of this kingdom. I shall have you Luis even if I have to seek my father's help. I shall make you fall madly in love with me that you will kiss the ground that I walk on. You are still a prisoner in my palace so I will get you."

Hearing William's words, William raised his face up and groaned at him. "I will make sure I die before that." He vowed. "I will make sure I kill myself before that day. But I assure you that no matter what you try to do, Aidan will always be the one in my heart. My heart beats for him every day and I will always love him unlike a stupid and..."

"Enough..." William made a quick turn. "Percy!" He yelled at the top of his voice. He sure sounded mad.

As soon as he called, the door to his room opened wider, revealing the red haired warlock who seemed a little mad. "What has he..."

"Get him out of here." William yelled. "I don't want him in my room right now."

Hearing William's orders, the red haired warlock gripped Luis' arm with an evil grin on his face. Luis took a quick glance at William and gave him smirk, showing him that he had lost the game. Then he followed the warlock back to the room where they were locked up. His family seemed happy to see him and they hugged him tightly but he couldn't tell them what had happened while he had been out of the room.

"No..." William threw the pillows away from his bed, clenching on the sheets harder.

William was really mad... he was breathing like a predator after losing its prey, in that case Luis. His heart was pounding deep in his chest, making him even madder than he actually was. His breaths were violent. His face was red hot, burning in anger. His whole body shuddered in anger. He was actually madder than he was. He was still very horny, dying to feel Luis' cock deep inside of him and spreading his cum deeper in his ass walls.

"No man has ever denied me before." William said harshly, clenching on the sheets harder. "I will not let you deny me Luis." He breathed as a tear fell down his cheeks which he furiously rubbed off. "You will be mine very soon. I promise."

***

A loud swoosh of wind blew, making the nearby papers and others wastes to blow away. The wind spun even harder and when it eventually stopped, Aidan appeared in Angria. He had his eyes closed as he didn't want to see how it was looking like or how the people would see him. Man, he didn't even want anyone to see him but he was on a mission and he needed to open his eyes.

His heart was racing way beyond what he had expected. His breaths were harsh even though he was trying to stay calm. He couldn't understand the vibrations that took control of his body. He knew he would soon see Luis. He wanted to return and just forget about it but he was a man on a mission and he was gonna complete that mission.

Aidan took a really deep breath as he slowly opened his eyes. The first thing he noticed when he eventually opened his eyes was that he was on a corner of a building outside. The building was really tall and he could still remember it from when he had been living in the kingdom. He sighed, moving his eyes forward as he started to walk.

Moving his eyes forward, Aidan gasped, making a small step behind him. He couldn't believe what he had just seen. His eyes widened and his mouth fell open. He couldn't still believe it. He was not on the palace but in the city. Everything seemed really different. The weather seemed a little cold and the dark clouds that covered the whole kingdom were of evil and he could see it. 

He looked forward and saw just a few people passing the streets, a street which was filled with millions of people when he was still living in Angria. The few people seemed really scared and sad. They were all walking fast as if they were rushing somewhere. They were not in cars but just on foot.

"What's going on?" Aidan said as he started making his way to the street. "Why is everyone so sad? Is it that bad?"

Taking a deep sigh, Aidan made a quick turn to look around. It was not night or evening but the buildings seemed empty. Even the shops were closed and some of them were broken. Everywhere he looked just made him realize even more that the whole kingdom was in sorrow. He felt really terrible for the people, especially after seeing them in the state that they were in.
