 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Please tell me what you think. Your comments will help me improve.

The first chapter of many. I hope you like it.

*****

I had come to Paris with my Uncle Andy as part of a "well done" package for completing my first year Uni. exams without too much hassle. I was after an Architecture degree and had kept up with the work and played quite hard too; all in a fairly vanilla way. But hey, I was still just 19 and had plenty of time to broaden my horizons and dip my toe (and anything else that would fit) into more murky sexual waters.

Uncle Andy had been around all my young life. I remember him teaching me to swim, me holding a football with outstretched arms while he held me gently under my waist and hips. His encouraging (and harmlessly provocative) banter; "That's the way my big, strong boy. You'll have the strongest legs and the biggest bum in the pool. Now Mike, kick for all you're worth."

And I did. I so wanted to impress this young man with his fit, muscled body and tanned good looks. I was barely a third his age and a pudgy, tallish child with no idea that by the time I was 18 I'd be looking at uncle Andy completely differently.

He was like a god; blonde, fit, toned and tanned. He'd taught me almost everything and now I wanted one more lesson.

"OK stud?" Andy teased, as he led the way out of the check-out area and towards the car hire desk. The fit, tanned male assistant with twinkling brown eyes, dark curly hair and a sophisticated aroma of expensive cologne was about the same age as Andy, (34/35) and speaking French so quickly I couldn't understand. I was impressed how fluently Uncle Andy was keeping up. There was an aura of flirting and good-natured banter about the conversation. The desk attendant was looking my way and smiling and winking at me. Andy stage whispered that the guy fancied me and had a special price for the hire car if I went to the back room and sucked his cock. Every so often Andy and the guy would stop talking and look at me earnestly. This wasn't like my uncle. He was normally so protective towards me. What was going on?

Suddenly Andy burst out laughing. Now the car rental guy looked puzzled.

Andy smiled over at me and explained that the questions were about my driving ability and did I want to drive in Paris?

"Was I old enough?" asked the assistant, and Uncle Andy had told the guy that I was old enough for anything he could think of and looking for new experiences in Paris. All said with a nudge and a wink to rub home any double entendre. 

"Bastard" I muttered under my breath and tried hard not to redden up as they resumed their chat in French. My uncle signed some papers and picked up the keys. After a firm handshake and a weak smile from me we headed outside to the parking lot with the luggage trolley. 

"You know, Jean-Claude back there would love to show you around. He reckons you are so young and inexperienced he could make you cum in 10 minutes. I said No way, More like 5."

I slapped his shoulder in a playful but hard way and he winced with make-believe pain and we pushed on to the rental car park.

Andy had booked an Audi: a long sleek shiny, black automobile that promised speed and comfort. The interior was red leather and polished wood. I couldn't help thinking, "crumpet catcher" but I hoped not.

We had fun inputting the hotel address on the sat-nav. and made our way round the ring road to the hotel. It had a wide pull-in area and we left the car to be parked as a young, slim, uniformed guy came and took our bags. He led us inside and waited nearby as we booked in to our room. Then he took the key from the receptionist, who had kept our passports, and led the way to the lift. I admired his tight-fitting trousers and waist-coat, thinking he was a lot nearer my age than Uncle Andy and if I was here alone I'd like to feel confident enough to make a move.

He was a hot, young Latino, about my age and slightly smaller in height. He certainly looked fit and good looking, with come to bed dark brown eyes, twinkling through long, black lashes.

Once in the hotel room it was obvious that we were sharing a bed albeit a large one, and since Andy was picking up the tab I didn't want to rock the boat. He tipped the bell boy, giving him one of his special head to toe appraisals and getting a slight blush and warm smile back. As Andy palmed his bum as he escorted him out of the door he muttered, "See you later, lad."

He smiled as he closed the door and then headed for the shower and I settled on the bed and started to flick through the TV channels. 

I must have dozed off because five minutes later I heard Andy calling me to join him in the shower.

"Hey It's great in here. Plenty of room. why don't you join me? Not still shy are you? Come and look at my latest tattoo. Bet you can't spot it. It's really discreet." 

Now one thing I loved about Uncle Andy was his body. Ever since the swimming lessons I had been attracted. He was fit and toned, with a tan to die for. I had to wonder how far the tan went nowadays. I remembered a brown body and a beefy white bum with marked tan lines. He had gradually acquired several tats to his calf, shoulder and chest .They were all very artistic and he had recently taken to wearing stubble, all of which reinforced his manly beauty. And I did find him beautiful. 

I wanted to look like him. I wanted to speak and act like him. Most of all I wanted to fuck like him. On and on, never losing rhythm or intensity. I wanted to be a heavy cumer like him and a quick reloader. And how did I know all this about Uncle Andy?  

Because ever since my 18th birthday he had been visiting me every month and fucking me senseless. 

"Come on Mike. I'm getting lonely in here," he shouted so I could hear him above the noise of the running water. I quickly stripped off and peeked round the bathroom door. It had a walk in shower and Andy was standing in the middle, water bouncing all over his fit, brown body. No sign of a tan-line there.

He had his back to the door and was soaping up his crotch with some enthusiasm. Before he could speak again I had stripped naked, slipped in behind him and wrapped my arms round his hard body and was kissing the back of his neck. 

"Mmmm, now that's what I need. A nice firm back rub."

I pushed my groin into the firm orbs of his muscled arse. "Mmm" he murmured again. "Now who's pleased to see me?"

I groaned as he spun me round and soaped up my chest and stomach. His deft fingers roamed expertly over my slim, hard six pack. "I see you're a little excited Mike", he said as his hands brushed my stiff cock. "Let me loosen you up a little," and before I knew it he was probing my hole with a digit. He got one finger in up to the second joint and as I moaned and pushed my ass up in pleasure, he leaned forward and took my bottom lip gently between his teeth.

"Don't let me do anything you don't want," he murmured in my ear. "But you are such a sexy young man, I can't keep my hands off you."

As if to reinforce his last comment I gasped as I felt another finger push its way between my hard, muscled bum cheeks to join the first.

"Ohh, Yes, yes, YEEEESSSSS!!" was all I could say. Uncle Andy had quickly and firmly inserted three long, slim fingers into my back passage and seemed to be enjoying waving them around in there as if to attract attention. So much for loosening me up. I was grinding my bum against the palm of his hand as he kissed my lips with abandon, running his determined fist down to grasp my rock hard cock, and then up, pinching my nipples and making me tingle all over. 

"Oh Mike, you are so sexy," he moaned in my ear. "I want to take you now, just as we are, naked and wet in the shower." 

"Oh yes, Uncle Andy. I love it when you --Oh, Oh, --OH GOD yes, YEESSS." 

Andy had hardly waited for me to agree and as soon as he felt my sphincter relax had spun me round ready for his final assault. And this was it. He had succeeded, without much effort, in getting his 8 inch stiff, erect cock past my muscle and into my love channel. I had arched my back and pushed out my bum and was gasping for breath as Uncle Andy, in the throes of abandoned passion, was humping his rock hard pole further and further up into my rectum.

Just at that moment I heard the hotel room bell ring and a cheery voice called out, "Room service. Where would you like the champagne?"

Andy, almost without losing stride called back "Just leave it on the table. I'll be out in a minute." He covered my mouth with a hand to muffle my pants and gasps but without much success as that was the moment he bottomed out and I let out an almighty "Fuuu..." which he stopped dead by squeezing my throat hard with both hands. "Ugg, MMMM. shtooo..."was all I could murmur.

"Sorry but you have to sign this now," came back the reply. "Do you want me to come in there so you can carry on with... with... whatever you're doing," the steward said. "It's no problem, I'm sure I've seen it all before."

"Ok, I'll just grab a towel," called back Andy, but before either of us could make a move the bathroom door was pushed open and there, wide eyed with amazement, and with a fast growing erection in his tight black trousers, was the cutest Latino waiter I had ever seen. He was the spitting image of the bell hop from earlier but broader in the chest and in an even tighter pair of pants.

"What the fu..." he murmured.

Uncle Andy ploughed on, regardless of what we looked like. A broad smile spread across his face and he seemed to be enjoying the extra attention. He turned us to face the new-comer and pushed as deeply as he could with his stiff cock. 

"Oh God yes. Fuck me Andy. Fuck me hard." was how I greeted the newcomer. I was completely in the moment and wouldn't have stopped for the hotel manager himself. Andy was holding my hips and thrusting hard and I could feel every inch of his stiff tool inside me. 

The waiter was standing as close as he could get without getting wet. He had started rubbing the crotch of his trousers and they were now tenting out at the front.

Andy whispered in my ear as he snuffled and poked with his demanding tongue. "What say we invite him in? Bet he'd love to join us. You hold out your hand and see what he does." 

I released my hold on the tiled wall and reached for him, doing my best to smile and appear casual while all the time Uncle Andy's rock hard dick was pounding my butt.

"Come," I said and beckoned him in with us. The lad was only about 20 and could easily have been the older brother of the bell boy. A modern haircut, long on top and shaved at the sides set off a lovely pair of dark eyes. They twinkled mischievously as he licked his lips. He seemed undecided but suddenly made up his mind and began to undo his tight black trousers, stepping out to reveal a pair of muscled brown legs and skimpy red briefs, struggling to contain his engorged cock. With both hands he slowly unbuttoned his shirt, never taking his eyes off us. For our part we had slowed our love making and I was enjoying the slow fuck of my life. Andy was pushing gently in to the hilt, pausing and then pulling almost completely out before pushing in again. 

"Come," I said and held out my hand again. Our eyes locked and he smiled widely, then nodded in agreement. Our new visitor pushed off his shoes and socks and, just clad in the most revealing , skimpy red briefs, stepped into the shower with us. As I was nearest I took advantage and pulled him to me, enfolding his short, wiry, smooth body in both my arms. His head came to my chest and he started to pull on my nipples as I bent lower and kissed him. I was surprised by his enthusiasm as he bit my lips and pushed his tongue firmly into my mouth.

Fuck, could he kiss. 

His hands found my stiff cock and he began pulling and yanking as though he would pull it off. I moaned into his ear and licked around it, biting the lobe provocatively as he pushed his briefly clad member into my groin, pushing and gyrating his hips forcefully. He was now, like us , dripping wet. Andy was still fucking me slowly and whispered to me to get his pants off. I moved my hands to his narrow hips and began to lower his red briefs. They clung to his wet body in a thoroughly sexy way, showing off the hard outline of his cock. When he realised what I was about he quickly pulled them off in one graceful movement and stepped out one foot at a time, bending to show off his firm buttocks until he stood before us buck naked in all his young manly glory.

"You like?" he cheekily enquired as he wiggled his firm erect cock and hard muscled arse. We both agreed that we liked it.

"Yes we like it a lot. Come here and let us show you how much."

Andy pulled out of me and cleaned off his still erect cock with a fist full of shower gel and reached out, grabbing the waiters stiff member. 

"Come here you stud," he said and pulled him into a firm embrace. They locked tongues and groped each other firmly. Not wishing to be left out I nuzzled between them, forcing my tongue into each mouth in turn and was rewarded by a firm slap on my buttocks from Andy and a good tug on my nips by slave boy, (as we quickly called him). Andy had pushed him to his knees and forced his cock into the gaping drooling mouth. As he held him down by the shoulders he applied firm pressure and slid his cock in and out of the willing, sucking mouth. 

"Oh yes, oh yes, this is good. Nearly as hot as you lad," he moaned. "Come on. You've not experienced a 3 some. This should be fun. Your turn."

With that he pulled out and pushed me into line, slapping my arse so I bucked forward, leaning closer to slave boy, who stretched his head forward, engulfing my hard, dribbling cock and sucking it to the back of his throat.

"Oh god, you're really good at this. What a tremendous suck. Come on man, deep throat me." 

As my cock disappeared inch by inch down slave boys gagging throat, I saw Uncle Andy move and stand behind his bum. He reached over the boys back and grabbed his hair, pulling his head forcefully back while murmuring, "Come on you slut. Take it. Take it all".

Slave boy gagged and moaned. His eyes were watering and rolled back in his head. Then I felt his head lunge forward, engulfing me up to the hilt, as Andy forced his 8 inches fully into his hole in one thrust. What a slut; he took it all without a murmur.

"Cop that boy. Now really get working on my cock with your lovely tight bum."

I could feel that tightness in my balls and the ecstasy of an impending explosion creeping through my groin. I renewed my thrusting and held his face as he moaned and sucked me deeper and deeper into his saliva drooling mouth.

I could hear several firm arse slaps followed each time by a gasp and a moan from the slave bent over before me.

"Oh yes, I'm cumming. Oh yes, yes," moaned Andy as our coupled rhythm pushed the boy back and forward in time.

With that I felt my balls tighten and released a huge load into the slurping, gasping mouth. Slave boy was getting punished at both ends. Andy seemed to be shooting a huge load and seemed to be really enjoying it as he slapped arse and pulled nipples fiercely. I pulled out of the wide open gullet and half my load dribbled to the floor. I leaned forward and licked his lips with gusto. He opened his pretty lips and inserted a firm tongue covered in my cum into my welcoming mouth.

Meanwhile Andy had shot his load and pulled out. Cum dribbled from his cock and the sweet boys' arse. 

"God that was some hot fuck," he said as he bent over and kissed me hard on the mouth. "Want to swap places and do it again?"

He knew I was quick to reload, as was he, and I leaned forward taking him in a warm, sensuous embrace. "You bet you big stud. Lets just clean up, relax, and have a drink or two. I'll be ready before you are, old man."

"I'm so sorry gentlemen." 

Our slaveboy spoke in a rich foreign accented voice. "But I must return to my duties. The manager is not kind if he finds anyone entertaining the customers without his permission. I don't want to lose my job and I am on a last warning. But, for you young and handsome men, I could ask my brother, Paulo, to come up. I think he showed you to your room earlier. He is going off duty now and usually waits for me until I finish at 6pm. He would love to entertain you on his own time and I think you would both enjoy him. He is every bit as accommodating as me and just one year younger. The company are very strict about age. You like? Yes?"

As he spoke he was quickly drying and getting dressed. He was commando and, lacing up his shoes he winked at me and tossed his wet, red briefs at my feet.

"Keep these," he said. "I think they'll be a snug fit and they'll excite my brother if you wear them when you are together."

Shall I send up Paulo?" he asked Uncle Andy.

"You certainly will," Andy replied, and he left the shower to produce a 50 euro tip from his wallet. He stuffed it in the waistband of slave boys trousers 

"Thank you sir. My name is Miguel. Please ask for me if there is anything similar I can do for you. "But," and he whispered as he looked furtively about as though he could be overheard. "Be prepared to pay twice as much if you contact me through the manager or hotel desk. Best to go through room service. Much cheaper."

With that he batted his black eyelashes, smiled and let himself out. We heard his footsteps disappear down the corridor.

"Well, what do you make of that?" said Andy.

"I've no idea but lets drink some of this champagne before Paulo appears. Good idea of yours to order it."

"Yes, but I didn't order it. I thought you did."

"What the fuck is going on?" asked Uncle Andy. "We'd better ask Paulo when he arrives."