 Comments, critiques and tips are warmly welcome.

Hello and welcome to this lovely chapter of a lovely story. Before going into writing this story, I would love to thank you guys for your great love for me and my stories. I really appreciate it a lot. I would also love to apologize for posting this a bit late. Anyway, I just hope this will be an interesting read to you guys. Comments are really welcome to me whether negative or positive. Thank you very much for your wonderful rates too. I love you guys too.

Enjoy the story...

*****

Luis was seated in his room with his eyes on the huge TV which showed a beautiful action film which he was trying to concentrate on. He was still in the same room as his room was getting renovated and refurnished. He had got rid of all Aidan's belongings and didn't even bother to find out what really happened to them.

Luis had always been staying in the palace after granny recovered. He used to stay with granny who had been recovering and they surely talked and did everything just to avoid talking about Aidan and whatever had happened in the palace.

Granny was doing great and the wound was definitely a scab though it had not healed completely. She walked a bit but used the wheelchair most of the times. She sure had recovered quickly as the doctor had said and it was called a miracle.

Happiness was somehow back in the house after the meeting they had about getting back to the way they were. Things were pretty much going well and though it was just a month and a few weeks...Luis was trying his best to hide everything. He was still affected by Aidan and the love that he felt for him was still there. Beyond that hatred and pain was love though it was not that much.

After what had happened, there were a lot of meetings for him with the cabinet members. He had to explain to them about what had happened and the incidents that made him to separate from Aidan. The meeting had been stressful and the cabinet members did ask a lot of questions that were too painful for him. But of course, his father and mother had been there for him and he had passed through it.

The cabinet members were disappointed Aidan was a warlock but they did understand Luis in the end and encouraged him to take heart and continue living his life beautifully. They had even blessed him and made him feel a bit better. He could very well remember their words.

"Just take heart and finally forget about everything that has happened. "You don't have to dwell in the past. That warlock better pray we don't find him."

They had even helped joke around and made him feel better. That had been a week ago and since that time...Aidan's issue has been known throughout the kingdom. The posters of him wanted were everywhere but...there was still no news. A lot has happened since Aidan left. 

Now he was in his room after having a good lunch with his family. He was watching an action horror movie just to get his mind off things but it wasn't working at all. He just got lost and then lost concentration of the movie.

As Luis was seated on the bed, trying to concentrate himself, he heard the door suddenly opening and a beautiful smile and noise started immediately. He knew who had come. It was Charles and he was all dressed up, looking sexy in a tight skinny jean, deep brown shirt and yellow snickers.

"What's up, dude?" He gestured, throwing his hand forward.

"Hey..." Luis smiled, slowly getting p from the bed as he grabbed a remote. He switched off the TV and went to hug Charles. "I didn't expect to see you here."

"Of course," Charles chuckled nervously. "How could you have expected to see me when..." He gripped Luis and gave him a tight hug, patting on his back. "...you don't even want to talk to me anymore."

"It's not like that..." Luis said as he went back to sit on the bed. He took a deep sigh. "I am sorry that I haven't been able to spend much time with you. You know just..."

"I know..." He sat happily on the bed, grabbing a pillow. He took a good look at Luis and then chuckled. "Are you busy or something man?"

Luis looked at Charles suspiciously, wondering why he was asking that question. "No..." He shrugged, sitting properly on the bed. "Why did..."

"Good!" Charles excitedly got up from the bed with a million dollar smile. "Now get up..." He gestured happily. "...go and get dressed and then let's go out."

"What?" Luis got up, surprised at what Luis Charles had just said to him. "You think I am going to..."

"I don't want any excuses." Charles pointed out. "Just go and do what I have asked you to do. I don't want any questions okay?"

"But where are we going?" He said softly. "I don't think..."

"You and I are going out to have some fun." Charles said, hitting him softly on his shoulder. "You have been in this palace for quite some time. Where is that man that used to be so cheerful and so lively and so down to earth?"

He's not here, Luis sighed as he gave his friend a long look. "That still doesn't answer my question. I still wanna know exactly where you will be taking me. Charles you know that I don't just wanna go anywhere right now. There is still..."

"Hence the reason why I want us to go out..." Charles got closer and shook Luis' shoulder slightly. "Don't you trust me? I know exactly what will make you happy okay? I know exactly what will make you forget your troubles."

Luis would have had a wild guess had he been the same man he had been weeks ago but he was clueless. He had no idea what to think because it was like his thoughts were jammed. Everything was not going according to the way he wanted them.

"I won't move an inch..."

Charles sighed before Luis could even finish what he was doing. "Will you just come with me?" He insisted. "I promise you won't regret it. It will be too much fun I tell you. If you won't like it...then...you can do whatever it is that you want to me." He pleaded. "Don't you trust me anymore? If you don't..." He removed his arm from Luis' neck. "...then...I..."

"No!" Luis hollered, gripping his best friend's shoulder. "Please, don't do ever say that okay?" He raised one eyebrow. "Don't ever say that to me...ever. You are my best friend and I will always love you so much."

Charles smiled brightly after hearing that. "Does this mean that you have actually...decided to follow me and..."

Luis took a deep sigh. "I will go and get changed."

Luis smiled brightly when Charles winked at him and then left the room to go and get changed. Charles chuckled happily and then sat back on the bed, looking in the direction his friend went in. He was really happy Luis had accepted his offer.

A few minutes later, Luis came back all dressed up and looking really sexy and eye catching. He was putting on a deep black shiny designer's trouser which was a little too tight on him, making him look super hot and attractive to everyone that had eyes on him. He had a tight light blue designer's shirt on and red shoes that added spice to him. He had his hair backwards and his eyes were beautiful. 

The news about Aidan was everywhere and Luis was now single. Surely a lot of handsome guys had their eyes on him. But he had never been out of the palace since that incident had happened. He didn't feel like going out since he had nothing to do out anymore.

"Oh my God..." Charles gasped as he moved his eyes up and down his cute best friend. "You look really handsome. I am really telling you. You are looking so..." he paused and just gestured. "I don't get the reason why you like to stay indoors."

Luis smiled faintly. "Thank you." He loved the compliments. He really did but the truth was that he didn't want to go out since that day. He was supposed to be enjoying his life but he couldn't do it anymore, not after what had happened.

"Now you are ready." Charles chirped as he wrapped his arm around Luis' shoulder.

Luis sighed. "Yes! Let's go."

Charles chuckled and then squeezed his best friend's shoulder, drawing a fake smile from him. The both of them then left the room to outside the palace. Charles had a surprise for him, a great surprise that he was sure he was gonna like. He loved him so much that he didn't even need to see him suffer. He wanted him to be happy always.

***

"What are we doing here?" Luis asked as he moved his eyes to stare into the smiling face of his best friend.

They were standing outside a huge hotel with a lot of cars parked. Luis had no idea why Charles had brought him to that hotel in the first place. He knew they were going out but he had no idea Charles would bring him to a five star hotel. What were they first doing there?

"Charles..." Luis called softly. A guard was standing behind them.

"Just come with me." Charles grabbed Luis' hand and began leading him inside the huge hotel. "You will see what the hell we are doing here."

"Okay." Luis said softly as Charles led him into the huge.

As they entered the huge and elegant hotel, a lot of gasps could be heard. It was clear they were surprised to see the prince. When Luis moved his eyes around to scan the whole hotel, he noticed that all the people in the hotel had stopped what they were doing. They all had their eyes on him.

Some of them had their mouths and eyes gaping. Someone of them were holding their chests, breathing in deeply while day dreaming of Luis. Some of them were trying to seduce him with their eyes. Most of them, almost half of them were eye fucking him. Both men and women were probably lost in their reveries, imagining him fucking them.

Hmm, the people's reactions had been different from the way he had expected. They took seeing him and his separation quite too well. They all seemed happy to see their handsome and sexy prince back. They were all caught on his body. They were drooling over his sexy body.

Luis and Charles made a grand entrance as they moved closer to the receptionist who seemed lost too. They reached her and she breathed in deeply, not tearing her eyes at the serious looking prince. He didn't fucking care that they were happy seeing him. All he cared about was that he was with his best friend.

Once at the reception, Charles talked with the receptionist and then came back with a smile, tapping on his best friend's chest. "Come with me."

Luis dismissed his guard and then told him to wait in the lobby while he went upstairs with Charles. While in the elevator, Luis asked Charles about the place where they were going but he didn't get any response. He just stood there until they reached the 9th floor.

They both got out of the elevator and then went near a room.

"Okay." Charles made a quick turn, folding his hand into a fist. "You asked me about where we were coming right?"

"I still don't know where we are going." Luis confessed. "I don't even what you want us to do here. I thought you wanted..."

"I told you I wanted to see you really happy okay." He winked, grinning at Luis. "Now I know that you are going to be really happy."

"Just tell me what you want to show me." Luis said as he got impatient. 

Charles took a deep sigh and then knocked on the door. Immediately footsteps could be heard coming from the inside, making Luis wonder what was going on. He just stood there and waited impatiently as the footsteps got nearer. Then the knob moved and the door flung open, revealing a really muscular and cute guy.

The guy was wearing a really wonderful smile that could melt anyone's heart. He had deep brown hair and grey eyes that shone with lust. He had shaved beards that reached all the way to his chin. He was putting on a really tight shirt that was half way done and really tight skinny jean that showed his bulge. He was looking super sexy and really handsome.

Seeing the sexy guy on the doorway, Luis moved his eyes and stared at his best friend with a frown on his face. "Charles...what...what's going on here? Is this the reason why..."

"Do you like it?" Charles chuckled nervously, bringing his friend closer to his body. "I am sure that what you need is a guy just like him."

Luis tried to open his mouth but he ended up gasping. He had no idea what the hell was wrong with him. His heart was already pounding and he had absolutely no idea what to say or how to react. Everything just caught him off guard. He hadn't expected it at all. And all that while he had thought he was just going out somewhere to eat and Luis just brought him to a whore.

"I can see that you seem to like it." Charles chuckled nervously. "What do you think? Do you..."

"Err...I must...well...err..."

"Don't worry," Charles smiled at the guy. "He absolutely loves you. He is just surprised and that's all."

"It is an honor..." The guy blushed, probably imagining himself and Luis. "I still can't believe that the crown prince is actually..."

"Yeah," Luis chuckled nervously before turning to his best friend. "Can I talk to you for a minute?"

Charles smiled brightly and then turned to the guy. "Can you go back inside? We will be joining you real soon."

The guy gave Luis a fuck me now look and then licked his lips before finally turning back to go inside. He surely had a big bubbly butt and it was attractive, really attractive. But Luis felt something in him telling him to just stay cool and walk away.

After the guy went back inside, Luis took Charles by hand and then led him away to a corner.

"So..." Charles winked. "Do you like the guy? Be honest with me because I..."

"What do you think you are doing?" Luis said. "Shouldn't you have just told me about all this before bringing me here?" He didn't know the reason he felt like that. "Now you got me all..."

"I know how you have been doing these past weeks." Charles rubbed on his shoulder. "These past weeks have all been kinda bad for you. I just wanted you to do something that I really know you will be able to..."

"Charles, I..."

"I know you." Charles chuckled softly. "I know what you need right now. What you need is to get laid and forget about all your problems for once. You need a good release and then just let everything finally go."

"Charles...I thought you..."

"I know what I said." Charles sighed. "But in this situation I am helpless. I had to do it for my best friend and...my brother."

Luis was really touched by that statement. "Oh, Charles..." He sighed as he held his hand tighter. "You don't know what that really means to me."

"I might not..." Charles chuckled as he rubbed the tip of Luis' hand. "But I love you too much to just watch you like the way you have been the past few weeks. I just want my best friend back." He tapped on his back. "Now go in there and forget about all your sorrows and just enjoy your life. This is the best way for you to forget. Trust me."

Hearing Charles' words, Luis took a deep and confident breath just to get rid of the negative energy that surrounded him. "Guess you are right. I need to totally forget and what better way than to go back to my old life." He chuckled softly. "Thank you so much for everything that you have done for me okay?"

"Thank me later." He pushed him slightly, drawing soft chuckles from him. "Now go in there and show that guy what you are really made of. Show him why you should be respected as the crown prince of this land. Show him this is your land. Vent out your anger on him and come out of there smiling okay?"

Luis took a deep breath and then nodded his head. 

"I will wait for you in the lobby okay?"

Luis nodded and then began going to the room. Reaching the door, Luis took a quick glance behind before finally opening the door. He slowly entered the room and closed the door behind him. 

Charles smiled when he saw his friend enter the room. He felt a little better that his friend was at least gonna feel a little good. He knew it was surely gonna help him out a lot.

"Good luck..." He said as he walked away to give his friend privacy.

***

Luis slowly entered the room and found the guy seated on the bed, blushing brightly. He slowly walked to the bed and then sat a little close to the guy, feeling his breaths get out of control. Then he moved his eyes to Luis and chuckled nervously.

"Hi!" That was all that came out of Luis' fucking mouth. What the hell was wrong with him, he wondered as he tried his best not to lose his cool. He smiled but not as bright as ever.

"Hey..." The guy said in a horny voice.

Luis was really nervous at that very time. He could feel a shiver down his spine, sending weak vibrations that made him quiver. He had no idea why he was feeling like that. It was like his first time doing that. He was a fucking playboy for fuck's sake. He didn't need to feel nervous but he still did anyway.

"Um...err...oh..." Luis trembled when he felt the guy's hand on his thigh. He felt like a spark had just occurred on his entire body. He bit his lip and then gave out a soft moan. His body instantly warmed up and made him tremble. "Fuck!" He swore. He could feel that his nerves where preying on him. He was supposed to be enjoying that and not the other way around.

"You are so sexy..." The guy breathed as he got near Luis. "...and quite muscular and..."

"Thanks..." Luis chuckled nervously. "You really are handsome too."

The guy gasped at Luis' words. "Thanks..." He said. "I can't wait for you to take me."

Luis tried to smile but ended up losing it. Why was he acting like a high school student about to lose his virginity, he thought as he felt himself cooling down? He didn't need to feel like that. He was a fucking playboy for God's sake. He was supposed to be talking dirty and fucking ass and moaning loudly and fucking harder.

Feeling those thoughts enter him, Luis felt some form of energy take control of his body quickly. He felt as if he was suddenly connected to a cable of electricity. His body vibrated and he felt as if a thousand volts of electricity took control of his body.

His mind slipped to what had happened a few weeks ago. He didn't need to feel bad. And he was gonna show it because he wasn't gonna allow a boy to control him. He was gonna go back to the way he was before all that no sense started.

With the images of what had happened to him, Luis clenched on his fists and breathed ever harder, feeling as if his breath had just left him. He moved his eyes to the guy that was slowly rubbing on his thigh. His cock started rising due to the vibrations that took control of his body. He could feel himself losing and he promised to fuck the guy.

"Oh..." The guy licked his lips sensually, moving his hands to Luis' crotch. When that hand touched his crotch, Luis moaned a little louder and then shuddered on the bed. His cock pulsed and then throbbed painfully, rubbing against the cotton of his boxer brief.

"Fuck..." Luis moaned as he slightly closed his eyes. "Yes!" He groaned loudly. "Right there. Show me what you can do." He grunted. "Show me why you deserve the prince's cock. Show me why you should have this cock in your hole."

Hearing those sexy and lust words, the guy moaned loudly and then moved his face closer to Luis' neck, sniffing him. "Fuck!" He moaned loudly. "Fuck...you smell so fucking good."

Taking one last sniff, the guy knelt down on the floor and then opened Luis' legs wider, getting access to his crotch. He dropped his head to the crotch and sniffed, breathing in that manly scent from the prince's crotch. "Fuck..." He moaned on Luis' crotch, sending powerful vibrations to Luis' cock. His whole body vibrated and then he groaned.

"Fuck..." Luis groaned as he moved his right hand to his head, slowly rubbing on it. He was enjoying what he was feeling inside his body. He was enjoying the feel of that guy's face on his crotch, breathing on it with his hot breath. He loved it a lot and it made his cock throb painfully, threatening to rip out of his trouser.

"The playboy is back." Luis thought as he moaned loudly while feeling his worries get away from him. Charles was absolutely right. Being back in business made him forget about a whole lot of things and he loved it like that. It made him forget about his worries. For the first ever, since Aidan betrayed him...he was able to think straight and just think about the fucking he was gonna give the guy.
