 Sam put his phone back down on his bedside table and tried to wipe the giddy smile off his bearded face. David had just called to make plans for their fourth date, and Sam could not wait to see him again. Their infatuation was quickly developing into something more.

It had been nearly two weeks since their first date, and he didn't know how David managed to keep to his promise of going slow. Apart from video-chatting occasionally on Skype, their schedules only allowed them to see each other in person twice a week. 

Sam had given David a blow-job after their third date, and would have done more if it weren't for David insisting on waiting. Everything they did, they did in David's car. He could see that David wanted to throw him down on a bed, strip naked, and screw his brains out, but for whatever reason continued to restrain himself. There was no half-assing it with this man. 

"Who was that?" Adam said, returning from the bathroom down the hall and throwing his wet toothbrush into his overnight bag. "Your boyfriend?" 

Adam was naked, as was Sam, and he smirked as he walked over. His short, flaccid cock jiggled with every step. 

Sam knew the time to end things with Adam had truly come and passed. The eager employee at his shop had become a constant part of his life these past two weeks. Every time David left Sam wanting more, there Adam would be, waiting to help him sate the hunger of another man's touch. 

Sam wasn't merely using Adam, however, he genuinely enjoyed the younger man's company. There was something about Adam he found irresistible, but he couldn't put his finger on it. Perhaps it was his confidence, or his patience while Sam gradually mastered the many ways of pleasuring another man.

"He's not my boyfriend, Adam. We're still just dating for now," said Sam. "I don't know how serious he is about 'us', but he wants to go slow if that's any indication."

"What a chump," Adam chortled as he bounced onto the bed and settled next to Sam, hairy shoulder to hairy shoulder. "Lucky you've got me then, hey?"

"Yep." Sam pulled the younger man in and kissed him deeply. Adam's fingers found Sam's nipples and teased them, tugging lightly and rubbing the pad of his thumb over the hard nubs.

Adam kissed his way down Sam's jaw as he always did, and sucked hard on the fading hickey there. He was disappointed to learn that it had not deterred Sam's other partner – in fact, whoever he was, he had marked the other side of Sam's neck with his own claim to the man.

Sam leaned back against the headboard. "He said I was a natural at sucking cock on Sunday. That's thanks to you."

Adam leaned over to kiss his boss, and tried not to look too smug. "How was it?"

"Hmm, it was okay. He was a bit too big for my mouth, but hearing him moan when I managed to fit him in all the way made it worth the effort." He snuggled closer to Adam, letting his head rest on Adam's cuddly chest, and then asked, "Hey, is cum meant to taste good? I've always thought it would be unpleasantly bitter or salty. His was sweet."

"You can suck me off to completion this time and see for yourself," offered Adam, grabbing at his crotch and giving it a little shake. "We've got all night."

"Okay then," chuckled. Sam "Chloe used to make these terrible faces every time she swallowed one of my loads, and my ex-wife wouldn't let a single drop of that stuff go near her lips. Maybe my cum just doesn't taste that good."

Adam didn't ask who Chloe was. He had heard the name come up several times and pieced enough together to understand that Kim left Sam over some woman named Chloe. Adam assumed it was Sam's mistress at the time. 

Adam didn't mind being the new Chloe. Maybe Sam's 'boyfriend' would find out one day, and then he'd get Sam all to himself. 

"Your cum tastes great," Adam assured him. He kicked the blankets down to their feet and then leaned over Sam's belly to put his head between the man's hairy thighs. "I'll prove it to you..." He lowered his head and took Sam's soft member into his mouth, gently sucking on the foreskin.

"Oh Adam... yes," moaned Sam, pinching his nipples as he looked down. 

Adam sucked softly as he swirled his tongue around the head of Sam's cock over and over until it expanded rapidly in his mouth. Once it was hard, Adam bobbed his head up and down furiously. Sam moaned encouragingly, whimpering slightly as he rapidly approached his climax. 

"Gnngh! Fuck!" 

Sam held Adam's head down as he released thick squirts of his juices into Adam's mouth. Still sucking hard, Adam pulled free from his shrinking cock with a wet sound, settled back beside Sam, and kissed him on the mouth. He parted Sam's lips and let the cum flow back into the owner's mouth. 

"Mmph!"

Sam struggled weakly at first at the unexpected offering, but soon he was fighting Adam's tongue with his own, trying to swallow as much of his cum. It really did taste good. Adam started to jerk himself off while they kissed, and quickly shot load onto his own stomach. 

Sam lapped it all up, and shared it the same way. 

When they had licked and kissed each other clean, they laid back, arm in arm, recovering so they could go at it again. 

"He wants to go slow, but I'm past ready to let him fuck me," Sam murmured softly.

Adam didn't need to ask who Sam was talking about. His chump of a date who couldn't even seal the deal. If the man wasn't moving at a glacial pace, Adam would have talked Sam into having a threesome. 

"Yeah, thankfully most guys aren't like that," said Adam, thinking of Uncle David. "Most guys will do anything for something warm, wet and tight to put their dick in, and that's the sort of guy you want to have around. Trust me, you haven't lived until you've had a rock hard dick pounding your ass so hard it makes you cum."

"Just from taking it up the ass... is that even possible?"

"This guy I'm seeing can do that. He's so fucking horny, all the time. I'll wake up and feel his hard cock sliding inside me. He'll take without asking, and oh my god, you wouldn't want it any other way."

Sam looked up at him, his eye brows raised in mild surprise. "Are you talking about that ex? You two are seeing each other again, huh?" He chuckled darkly. "That can't be good."

"He's not really an ex – it's complicated, but it's actually going really well. Not as smooth as what you and I have got going, but things are finally free of drama since it all started. It must be the season, but he's been incredibly horny lately. My ass is so fucking lucky."

"Hah! What's this sex god's name?" Sam asked with a wry grin. 

Adam nearly said 'Uncle David', which would have been disastrous. He couldn't recall if he had ever mentioned David being his father or an uncle, or even spoken to Sam about David at all. He decided it would be safer not to drop any names. 

"He's just a guy – we're sort of like fuck buddies but real close. No one you know."

Sam leaned back and put his hands behind his head. "Yeah, fuck buddies are great," he said, looking across at Adam. "But I think this one really likes me. He's in it for the long run, I can tell."

Adam froze – How could Sam possibly know? But judging from Sam's expression the man was off with his thoughts, and Adam slowly realised he wasn't the one Sam was talking about. Adam massaged Sam's pink nipples in an attempt to win back his attention.

"I wish I could have both of you," Sam sighed dreamily as he fought to hold back a moan. 

Adam smiled to himself. It seemed that Sam would follow in his greedy, cock-loving footsteps. Adam was juggling his father and his boss at the same time, and there was still time to play with his room-mate. 

*

David cleaned his house as efficiently as he could, promising himself to never leave it to the last hour again. Once it was presentable, he opened a bottle of wine and started preparing dinner. It was Wednesday night, which meant Sam would be leaving work early in about an hour and putting others in charge of closing the shop so they could have their mid-week date.

'Dinner at my place.' It was so obvious, he may as well have used air quotations when he suggested it. One thing was for sure – tonight he would fuck Sam. He couldn't say no to the man any more, not after the blow-job he received on Sunday. The man's hot, little mouth fit perfectly around his thick cock, and for someone who was new to his gay side, he was a complete natural at sucking cock.

An hour later, Sam arrived and David dished up the grilled steaks and baked potatoes and poured them each a glass of red wine. David had set up recliners on his lit balcony, so they ate under the starry night sky, overlooking the shimmering city on the horizon. For all the beauty the view offered, it could not compare to the way Sam looked tonight. 

Sam wore another one of his buttoned-up shirts, but had left the top few buttons open. His chest hair poked out and nearly joined with the auburn-and-grey beard running down his neck. 

David loved the beard Sam was growing. The specks of silver stubble Sam had were now silvery patches in his ginger beard. He couldn't take his eyes off his date tonight, and neither could Sam. 

They returned to the living room with a second glass of wine and cuddled up on the sofa. Sam reached down to rub David's soft bulge through his jeans, and David could have flipped Sam over and fucked him right then and there. Who knew the man would be so horny all the time? 

David put their unfinished wine glasses aside and looked Sam in the eyes. He gently ran his fingers through Sam's new beard, but didn't move in to kiss him. There was something so erotic and sensual about intense eye contact, and every second lost in those warm eyes, he could feel himself falling in love just a little bit more. 

"You have no idea how fucking hot you are right now. I haven't been able to stop thinking about you, or the blow-job you gave me. I really want to return the favour..."

"Why don't you then?" Sam invited, giving his bulge a little squeeze. He moved in close and kissed him.

David kissed back aggressively, forcing Sam onto his back. He reached down between them and tried to undo Sam's shirt buttons, but after several frustrating attempts he ended up ripping the button off. 

"Mmph!" Sam pushed against David's bulk in protest, but David slid his hand down and forced the rest of the buttons free, not caring if he snapped the threads or not. 

Sam grunted in exertion as he tried to shove David off him. His struggling only appealed to the dominant beast in David, who growled and pinned Sam's arms down so he could kiss his way down Sam's hairy chest uninterrupted. The hair was as soft as a puppy's. He snuffled his way through the manly growth, inhaling the intoxicating scent of Sam's body.

"David, wait -"

David licked and gnawed on Sam's nipples and traced a path with his stubbled chin down to the bellybutton, and then moved lower to press his nose into Sam's soft belly and then crotch. The man was rock hard already, despite his apparent efforts to free himself. 

"Please... please, David..." Sam pleaded softly. He still struggled under David's grip, but he made no verbal indication of whether he meant for David to stop or go on. 

David held Sam down with a forearm over the chest as he worked the belt-buckle free. He wrenched Sam's pants off and took a moment to take in the glistening prize waiting for him. The 6-inch cock was slick with arousal and the foreskin was partway down the engorged, bulbous crown. David ran his tongue over the tip, tasting the pre-cum, and then gently pushed the foreskin down with his lips, taking Sam into his mouth in the process. 

"Oh fuck... yes..."

Feeling that Sam was properly subdued, David let go on Sam's chest to work the man's nipples. He found the erect nubs and pinched them hard, twisting and rolling them between his fingers.

"Yes!" Sam moaned loudly, his voice rising in pitch as he tensed and bucked his hips. A trickle of warm pre-cum seeped into David's mouth, making David salivate. David paused to swallow and then began to glide his mouth up and down Sam's shaft as slowly as he as could bear. His own cock was rock hard and it ached to be freed of its cotton confines. 

"Finger me, David – please. Please, oh god, yes... "

Sam took over the nipple play as David spat on two fingers and pushed them inside Sam up to the middle joint. He wiggled his fingers, feeling the walls of the smooth passage he'd soon be fucking, and then finger-fucked Sam, gradually entering deeper and deeper until he was knuckle-deep on each push. He tugged on Sam's soft scrotum with his free hand as he sucked harder and faster.

David worked Sam towards his climax slowly, listening close to the urgency in Sam's moans and drawing it out as long as he could. He eased off gently when Sam got too close; he didn't want it to end. The taste of Sam's cock on his tongue was heaven. 

The effect of David's teasing eventually diminished, and slowing down did nothing to halt Sam's orgasm. The shaft and head stiffened in his mouth and David could taste the first few drops of cum.

"Fuck, baby, I'm close – I'm – fuck!" Sam thrust his hips upwards, ramming himself inside David's mouth, and erupted in a gushing fountain of cum. 

David swallowed all three full mouthfuls. Fuck, there was a lot! He rocked back to look at Sam's cock, glistening wet with his spit, and kissed away the last bead of cum that welled out. 

He looked at Sam's ruined shirt in surprise. "Shit," he mumbled, fingering the threads where buttons had once been attached. He couldn't even remember doing that. 

"David..." Sam pulled him close and kissed him. His cheeks were glazed a rosy pink and his fingers still trembled slightly. David nuzzled Sam's neck, and Sam rolled his head back, allowing David to kiss his neck as he often did. David usually kissed his other side, but because of the way he was lying on the sofa... 

"What the hell is this?"

Sam wriggled free, but it was too late - David had seen the other small bruises on his neck. 

*

David froze, affixing Sam with a dubious stare. It couldn't be. "Are those what I think they are? I don't usually kiss that side of your neck."

"Oh, um..." Sam rubbed the area on the neck where Adam had marked him, as though he could massage the bruise away and they'd both forget about it. 

"Did someone else give you that?" David pressed him. How long had they been there? He had never been able to see them when they kissed in his car.

"...Yes," said Sam.

David sat back, feeling numb. Inadequacy and betrayal clamoured for his attention and wrenched at his gut. He hadn't felt this way for a long time... David ran a hand through his short hair and stared at Sam, a man he thought he knew. 

"Well? Who is he, Sam?"

"He's just a guy from the shop. It doesn't mean anything, I swear."

David nearly choked on his own breath. From the shop, Sam had said! Who else could it be but Adam? "What's he look like?" he asked, a little too aggressively. 

Sam looked wary. "Are you going to start something if I tell you? I don't want you doing anything stupid and getting in trouble. You have nothing to worry about. Seriously."

That made David stop and reconsider. He hadn't been thinking along that line at all. "I won't do anything stupid," he promised. "Just... tell me, what he's like?"

"He's not a threat, David, in fact he's actually a decent, caring guy. He likes to put my pleasure first. Um. He's young, but he acts mature. He's nice. You'd probably like him if you knew him."

David let out a small, inward sigh of relief. None of that described his son. Adam was as arrogant as they came, though he wouldn't want him any other way. 

"He's mainly been showing me the ropes, teaching me how to suck another guy off."

David groaned. Memories of the amazing blow-job he had enjoyed so much were ruined. 

"You've been sucking this guy off too, Sam? Bloody hell, there's something you forgot to mention earlier. I thought you were a natural... Does he know you're off the market?"

Sam met his eyes briefly and then nodded. 

"Not very decent or mature then, is he?" David remarked drily. 

"I've only sucked him off all the way once. He usually sucks me off and we kiss a bit, but that's as far as it goes."

David snorted. "Are you sure?" he asked, nodding pointedly down to the hickey on Sam's neck. 

In truth, David was a little relieved. It was probably the straight-but-curious room-mate who also worked at the shop. Was it Roy? Or Ray? Adam didn't usually do the sucking; he preferred to be on the receiving end when it came to blow-jobs. 

"I'm sorry," Sam said in a small voice, looking sadder than David had ever seen him. 

"Are you sure?" David asked again, grinning to show he was joking. He had forgiven Sam already – partly out of relief it wasn't Adam, partly because he was guilty of the exact same thing, and partly because it was starting to excite the hell out of him. He wouldn't mind seeing Sam taking another man in the mouth while he claimed the rear... 

Sam was so fucking hot – he wanted to show the man off and let everyone know what a fine piece of ass he was. One three-some at a time. When David came back from his momentary fantasy, he realised his facetious remark had flown over Sam's head. 

"It was just a bit of kissing and some blow-jobs," said Sam unhappily. 

David felt his heart break at the grief on Sam's face. He cleared his throat of emotion with a manly grunt. "Hey now, I was just joking when I said it the second time," he said gruffly, pulling Sam into a hug. He kissed the balding spot on top of Sam's head and held the disconsolate man in his arms. 

Once Sam seemed be okay, he asked in his softest voice, "Why did you do it, Sam? I thought I would be enough for you."

Sam hesitated, and as the silence began to stretch thin, David readied himself for a lacking answer. "Every time you pull away you'd leave me wanting so much more. I could have taken care of it myself, sure, but he was so willing and eager, and I couldn't say no to him."

David understood that much at least. He knew what it was like when saying no was impossible. Was it his fault, then, for driving Sam into another man's arms?

"Did I go too slow?" David asked uncertainly. 

"Yes. No – maybe. I don't regret dating first, but whether it was a short or long wait, it wouldn't have mattered. You're positively oozing sex and experience - there was so much pressure put on our first time together... I didn't want to disappoint you." Sam looked up, meeting his gaze. "I wanted to know how to make you happy."

"Oh Sam you idiot. If it's with you, I'll be happy." David gently rubbed the back of Sam's neck, and then leant down to kiss him. 

"So you don't want to break up?" Sam asked incredulously, evading the kiss.

"Of course not." David leant down to kiss him again.

Sam ducked away. "And you're not angry? Hurt?"

"Hmm." David made an unconvincing sound. He had already buried those messy emotions and didn't want to dredge them back up.

David pretended to think it over as he nuzzled Sam's cheek instead, and his thoughts drifted over to wondering if a three-way with the other guy was a possibility. "Not as much as I thought I'd be. Are you... Are you going to keep seeing this guy?"

"No! Absolutely not – I'm going to call him the moment I get home and end it."

"You don't have to do that if you don't want to," David said off-handedly.

"I have to, David. It wouldn't be right if I kept seeing him. You're so good to me, and this is how I show me appreciation? I'm the absolute worst. On top of that, you're not even upset. You're... you're so perfect that a guy like me shouldn't have any business with a guy like you. It's the least I could do."

"Hey, I'm not perfect," sighed David. Fuck, it was impossible not to come clean now. "I'm... " 
