 Note: This story delves deeper into incest/taboo territory.

***

Adam ran his hands down David's chest curiously, exploring his contours of his uncle's body under the cover of the darkness, where no one would know, and no one could judge -- not even David. The alarm clock on David's dresser read 12:09 AM and Adam was drowsy but awake, riding out the euphoria of their third coupling that night. It was been an intense, sweaty half hour, culminating in simultaneous orgasms -- something his uncle seemed to have a knack for -- and David promptly dozed off afterward.

As great as the sex was, there was precious little time for Adam to admire the gorgeous hunk of a man his uncle was between all the fucking. Besides, David was starting to shy away from Adam's more intimate advances when they weren't having sex, such as kissing. Adam didn't see what the big deal was. There was so little of it in casual hook-ups it made it all the more erotic.

It was all very new to Adam, this relationship with his uncle. He was not sure how deep their connection went yet, or how David felt about it. Adam wasn't all that clear on his own feelings blossoming away under the surface. It took less than ten hours to go from seeing each other for the first time in two decades to breaking that family barrier and splattering each other with their cum. That must have meant something.

And last night... Last night had been an experience out of this world.

He supposed the next few days would reveal whether it was all going to work out, and if so, how. David had made it clear he wanted Adam to stay, but in what capacity? Was he David's sex toy now, or just a fuck-buddy and house-mate who happened to be his nephew?

What would they tell his parents -- David's sister Beatrice and brother-in-law Duncan... that Adam had simply moved into David's house for no apparent reason? Even Adam saw the holes in that story. Adam and David barely knew each other, David having being absent during most of Adam's life.

Two days ago Adam had shown up on David's doorstep, jobless and without a place to stay, selfishly playing the family card, begging for assistance. His uncle had begrudged him a couch and use of his computer to help get him back on his feet, and a day later -- yesterday at midday-- Adam had stumbled upon an ad David had put up on Craigslist looking for casual sex with other husky, hairy bears. He also found a cache of home-made porn videos staring his uncle sucking and fucking various men. In a hasty decision largely fuelled by the latter, Adam decided to go through with it.

His uncle had not known he was corresponding with his own nephew, but with the help of some brazen nudity leading up to the revelation, Adam's naked body had whipped David into such a storm of lust that they fucked right there on the living room floor, and then again on the stairs as they made their way to the bedroom.

If there was one thing they shared, it would be their mutual love of sex. His uncle had a ferocious sexual appetite that even Adam, who was as virile and horny as young men came, had trouble keeping up. David needed so little time to recover in between orgasms that lube quickly became redundant; Adam's ass would still be oozing David's semen by the time David entered for the second and then third time.

But his uncle shared a lot more than their joint interest in men. David was his uncle on his mother's side, and although his mother and uncle looked nothing alike, Adam could see the lines of resemblance linking them together. Adam looked nothing like parents and had always wondered where his thickset body and height had come from -- now he knew it was from his mother's side.

Standing naked side by side, David and Adam could pass for father and son, or even brothers if it weren't for David's perpetual scowl and surliness adding another five years to his age, and contrasting Adam's relaxed nature.

David was a head taller than Adam, but both of them had the same body type: stocky and sturdy, with broad shoulders, brawny arms and deep barrel chests. They had soft, cushiony bellies and chubby features, but a large percentage of David's bulk was attributed to muscle, from all the fucking he did (at least, that's what Adam assumed).

They were both very hairy as well, with a forest of dark-brown fur on their chests and a fine coat of shorter hairs on their stomachs, backs and shoulders. They even shared the same chest hair pattern, something David did not find as interesting as Adam had.

Adam's uncut cock was a mere mouthful at 4 inches, a short, stubby red prick that made up for its length with impressive girth rivalling a beer can. His uncle's manhood on the other hand nearly doubled his in length. It was thicker at the base too, with veins bulging under the skin, and tapered gently to an above-average size at the tip -- all the easier to slide into my ass, Adam thought as he fingered David's cock gently.

David suddenly inhaled deeply and yawned. Adam gave David's cock a hopeful squeeze, hoping to receive another load. "What're you doin', boy?" David slurred sleepily, reaching down and finding Adam's hand on his crotch. He flung Adam's hand aside. "We already fucked enough tonight. Get back to your couch, go on." He gently forced Adam out of bed with a push, rolled over and went back to sleep.

Confused and disheartened, Adam got dressed and retreated to the lumpy sofa for the night.

When the morning's first rays of sunlight woke Adam up, he could hear David cooking breakfast in the kitchen. Adam lumbered groggily towards the smell, rubbing sleep from his eyes, and leaned on the kitchen island bench. David was frying eggs for the two of them, wearing only an apron.

Adam watched his uncle's hairy ass for a while, and then cleared his throat.

"Hey boy," David rumbled, sliding a clean plate towards him. "About last night..."

"It was good."

"Good?" David furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.

"It was great sex. Amazing sex."

"Oh." David clearly intended for the conversation to follow another path, but he allowed himself to grin sheepishly. He was handsome when he scowled, but when he smiled he was downright sexy. "Yeah? Did you like it that much?"

"You're a fucking beast in bed... You realise you made me cum three times last night with nothing more than your cock up my arse?"

"Yeah... about that, Adam, we can't be hooking up as often as we did yesterday. I overdid it. Three times in one night is way too much. And besides, we're blood relatives. We shouldn't be sleeping in the same bed."

"So you kicked me out of bed. You have a strange way of dealing with guilt," Adam observed. "It's okay to fuck your nephew, but not excessively, have I got the gist of it?"

David scowled a silent reply and served the eggs with toast and coffee. He sat himself at the counter and disappeared behind a newspaper.

Adam stared at his eggs but didn't touch them. "Do you want me to move out?"

His uncle cleared his throated hastily. "You're not going anywhere," he said, with a hint of urgency that made blood rush to Adam's loins. "I'll still want to fuck you, boy, don't worry about that. We can set up a proper bed for you in the guest room. We just... shouldn't get too close. It wouldn't be right. If you knew how good your young ass feels wrapped around this old man's cock, you wouldn't go asking these silly questions."

That's more like it, Adam thought. He grinned. "So how many times a day are we talking about, then? Once?"

David grunted. "Per week, maybe." He lowered the paper a few seconds later to check Adam's reaction, and chuckled lightly at what he saw. "Don't look at me like that, boy. You reckon I don't mean it?"

His uncle was toying with him, surely; last night David's cock spent more time inside him than out! "You're like me! You need sex like you need oxygen!" Adam shot back at him.

"I'm nothing like you!" David snapped, shocking Adam with the venom in his voice. "Think what you want about me, but the sex we had..." A delicate red blush crept up David's neck to betray his rage, but he pressed on angrily. "What we had last night was special. You know it, and so do I, so there's no point denying it. Let's just get it out there. In all my years, I've only ever felt that way with one other man, and I know how it'll turn out. You're my... you're my nephew. It can't turn out. I need you to understand this."

It was Adam's turn to laugh. "We're both consenting adults, David. We can fool around with no strings attached. No messy emotions. Just two guys, having fun. It doesn't have to get serious."

But even as he said that, he realised it was not the case here. He had never been intimate with a man like his uncle; in fact, he was already stumbling over a few rogue strings. Adam knew David was something else, a lover leagues ahead of the rest. The elation he felt when they joined was an unrivalled high, an exhilarating and unique lust that thrived like a living, breathing spark between them. With every touch, kiss and moan, the feeling only grew.

Oh for fuck's sake, Adam despaired silently when he realised David was right.

David grumbled something in disgust that sounded like 'this generation' and 'shallow', and disappeared behind the newspaper again.

***

Adam took a quick shower before heading out to hunt for jobs -- or at least intended to take a quick shower. David undressed and sidled into the small stall halfway through. The hungry look hidden behind his scowl and his erect member made his intentions clear.

"What happened to once a week?" asked Adam haughtily loudly over the running water, but he allowed David to turn him around with his strong hands. Adam even found himself eagerly spreading his legs as far as the stall would let him.

"Don't ruin it, boy," David growled the warning. "You got me all horned up out there. No strings attached, right?" He inserted a slick, soapy finger inside his nephew, groaning in disbelief as he felt the juicy, warm lining of Adam's rectum. He slipped in a second, then a third finger. "Would you just feel this? Your fuck-hole is hotter and wetter than the shower you're taking. You've been hankering for daddy bear's dick up your ass all morning, haven't you?"

Adam moaned and leaned into his uncle's touch, wanting it more than anything else. His body trembled in anticipation.

The sudden, fierce craving took Adam by surprise, and he jerked himself away from his uncle. David's slick fingers popped out. Perhaps David was right. They needed to give the spark between them a chance to fizzle out.

But David didn't relent.

"Do you want daddy bear's fat cock up in you?" he repeated in a low rumble, slapping Adam's backside with an open palm.

"Yes daddy be-EEAR! Oh! Ow, fuck!" Adam beat his fist against the wall when David shoved his cock deep inside, far rougher than necessary. He stumbled forwards under the shower-head, getting water in his eyes; he reached for the shower handle but David pulled himself out so suddenly Adam's insides felt hollow -- the shock left him reeling -- and in an instant he was pinned against the wall while David entered him again.

David slid his thick meat inside Adam haltingly this time, growling his approval at the slippery warmth Adam's ass yielded. He explored Adam's furry back with his hands as he slowly submerged himself in Adam's tight tunnel, kneading the soft fat with his fingers, delighting in the contrast it made with his older, grizzled paws.

David turned Adam's head with a hand and kissed him passionately, probing his sweet, tender mouth with a raspy tongue.

When David's hips pressed against Adam's body, he leaned in close. "Want me to fuck you until you cum?" he whispered hoarsely in Adam's ear, his gravelly voice so low it barely registered.

Adam opened his mouth to respond, but instead nodded tearfully, too conflicted to speak; David was stretching him to his limits and he needed time to adjust, however there had never been a finer line between pleasure and pain. He wanted more, now.

David chuckled darkly. "You're going to have to earn it, son." David pulled Adam back from the wall and wrapped his hairy arms around Adam's midsection, giving his belly a squeeze.

Adam gave a soft whimper as David's dick jostled inside him.

"You've grown up into a porky, cum-guzzling young man, haven't you?" David growled, jiggling Adam's breasts, and when Adam opened his mouth again to reply, he leaned in. Adam kissed him back forcefully, moaning encouragingly every time his uncle's tongue invaded his mouth.

"Ah, you taste so fucking good," David pulled back, sighing. He couldn't hold off any longer now; he started to fuck Adam in slow, gentle strokes.

Adam could feel his uncle's cock begin to slide in and out, almost lovingly.

David was a quick learner; he found Adam's sweet spot in no time and started to thrust into it. "Ooooh fuck!" Adam melted into his uncle's strong arms.

David grunted as he bore Adam's weight, but didn't stop fucking him. His shaft tugged at Adam's opening with each push and pull, yet somehow found its way back to stimulate his prostate every time.

David's hairy chest, matted by the water, rubbed against Adam's back as he pressed himself against the curve of his nephew's body, the two of them fitting together like a two adjacent pieces of a puzzle. He slowed his pace. "Play with your nipples, boy," he directed Adam as he reached around to rub his nephew's short cock with a soapy hand. "Go on, play with your tits for daddy bear."

Adam quickly obeyed. His little pink nipples were already stiff from being pressed up against the cold bathroom wall. He pinched them while David watched over his shoulder, tweaking and rolling them between thumb and finger, shivering from the sensations it sent whizzing through his body. They were hard-wired to his balls and were a sure-fire way to make himself cum.

Watching Adam pleasure himself drove David into a frenzied lust. He hooked his large hands around Adam's hips and pushed hard. "Keep playing with them!" he snarled when Adam stopped to brace himself against the wall.

So ecstatic was Adam's response to having his nipples pinched while a thick cock ravaged his ass that it took all of his strength not to let his knees give in beneath him again. The wet, smacking sound of David's belly slapping against his chubby ass back bounced off the bathroom walls and David was panting and growling low in his throat.

Adam couldn't help but add to the noise; it started as a quiet keening, escaping his mouth as he panted, and then a loud gratuitous moan as he crested the peak of physical pleasure -- it felt as though his nerves were truly alive for the first time; blood flushed his skin from neck to toe, suffusing his tingling body with a sudden warmth -- but he had yet to climax.

David's hips matched the pace of Adam's moan, carefully keeping his nephew on the edge as he rode alongside him, together riding the roaring wave of pleasure. Nothing else mattered but the warmth of Adam in his arms, the honest trembling of a young man's pleasure -- a pleasure he was giving him...

The shower had long started to run lukewarm, but neither of them noticed. Only the gratification one man could give another mattered, right now, here in the shower.

David didn't want it to end.

But it did. The water ran icy cold - Adam bellowed 'Fuck!' and made a wild grab for the shower handle, shutting off the water -- and the moment was broken.

Adam came first, but not for the lack of David trying; David thrust hard, causing the two of them to stagger sideways into the wall. One hand pinching Adam's sensitive nipples and the other gripping the rock-hard stump of a cock, he pounded Adam's rear like a jack-hammer, the younger man's breasts and belly jiggling and bouncing with each thrust as he cried out.

A firm pinch of his nipple, a stroke of his cock, and suddenly Adam's cum lashed out in all directions as his hips bucked from the force of his orgasm. "FUUUCK! OOOURGH!" he bellowed like a wounded beast, his chest heaving as the last of his seed dribbled from his chubby cock to coat his feet.

David followed almost at once with an orgasm just as intense, but he managed to tame it and let the climax crash over him with a grunt. His cock pulsated from the strength of his cum eruption; each rapid-fire spurt of seed let out so much it felt like he was pissing jizz for a full minute.

Adam's insides were flooded in no time at all, and as David continued to pump his nephew full of cum it spilled out in large gooey droplets that splattered thickly over their feet.

He pulled out with a loud squelch, and Adam moaned thickly as a torrent of David's cum streamed free and rolled down his thighs. Adam turned around, panting, flushed pink with ardour. He asked with a grin, "What happened to once a week?"

"It will be once a week starting today."

Thinking his uncle was being playful Adam moved in to kiss him, but David blocked him with a forearm to the chest.

"Leave it," David said angrily, ending the conversation. The look he gave Adam was serious, devoid of warmth or humour. Slowly, David reached for the shower handle and turned the luke-warm water on again. They washed themselves in silence, taking turns with the soap and facing away from each other.

When they had rinsed themselves clean David left Adam in the bathroom to dry off in his own room. Adam's head was spinning. How could they plummet so low, so quickly?

***

The next two weeks flew by in stops and starts. Uncle David tried to keep to his imposed rule of fucking once a week, but kept to it poorly. David was so frightened that the repeated couplings would lead to their physical attraction developing into something deeper that for days at a time Adam wouldn't get as much as a grunt from him. David cooking him breakfast turned out to be a one-off encounter as well; David now either dined out or brought take-out back to eat in his room. They lived distant lives under the same roof, yet they both yearned for one another.

The first time David grew distant, Adam wasn't sure how long it would last. Five more days, he hoped after two had already gone by without tasting his uncle's sweet cum. He took the time to properly furnish his room and unpack his things, and then scoured the nearby area for temporary jobs and hand out resumes. When he returned, however, his uncle was waiting naked in his bed, hard cock in hand with balls hanging heavy with a two-day load waiting to be fed to an eager mouth.

When Adam swallowed the last of his uncle's cum, David got up and dressed himself, furious that he had submitted to his desires. He promised to book himself out a motel room so they'd at least spend the night apart.

But David came home that night, and Adam shared David's bed again. They made love long into the night until the sheets were drenched in sweat and the scent of semen pervaded every inch of the room.

Then Adam made a remark about his impressive stamina, and David sent him back to his room.

Adam went the next three days after that night without David's cock in him. He thought it would be four, but the very next morning as he was climbing the stairs to get ready for work after breakfast (he found a small, local sandwich shop that hired him on the spot), David happened to be heading down at the same time.

David was dressed in his professional get-up: brown-and-silver beard trimmed and shaped, crisp white dress shirt with a plain blue and gold tie, grey slacks and a black leather belt, complete with a scowl darkening his handsome features. The bulge in his crotch was noticeable from the top of the stairs. Adam stared at it, wanting so badly to help his uncle relieve the tension, but also, selfishly, to taste his uncle's cock again.
