 Adam stepped off the bus onto the concrete pavement. The bus roared to life and trundled off with a loud hiss of exhaust, leaving him alone under the hazy, yellow light of the street lamp. He crossed the street with his fists jammed into his coat pockets and trudged home. If a serene mind was a still, freshwater pond, then his was a storming, raging tempest of shitty thoughts.

The last words his father spoke to him sent his mood spiralling downwards, and he couldn't stop replaying it in his head.

'What you're feeling for me isn't love. It can't be. It mustn't. It's just physical attraction... you need to find another outlet.'

It reminded him far too keenly of the night David had kicked him out. David's actions conflicted with his promises, and he seemed incapable of picking a choice and sticking with it. The result left Adam emotionally exhausted, and to be frank, a little bit sick of the drama. 

Did Uncle David want him or not? 

Adam tried to focus his thoughts on anything else, but the slick feeling between his legs made it impossible. It was a constant reminder of their reunion tonight which had ended poorly. Uncle David had unloaded into his guts barely an hour ago, and the flood of cum was still seeping out of his ass with every step he took. There was so much of it; Adam had gotten strange looks on the bus, no doubt he smelled like he had taken a swim in that stuff. 

Despite David swearing (for the second time) to never touch him again, his body tingled from the euphoric high of their joining and his ass was still pleasantly sore. The sex was still top-notch, if anything. Adam took a deep breath and tried to savour the lingering after-effects of having his dad's cock thrust deep inside him. Who knew when they'd hook up again? It could be weeks, months, or it might never happen again.

"It's not like I love him," Adam muttered sourly to himself, as though once verbalised the lie would become truth. If only it were that simple.

He took a grain of comfort in David saying it was only a physical lust. Perhaps his father was right. Maybe he really was too young to know what true love felt like. Still, the words did little to diminish what he felt. It sure felt like the real thing to him. If what he felt wasn't love, then he didn't want love. He just wanted David.

'Go and fuck a ton of guys.'

"Worst fatherly advice ever," Adam scoffed. He turned into his street and resolved to put that bitchy-feely type shit behind him. He had never cared much about it, so why start? Being a vain, single-minded creature was what he was good at. 

Besides, admitting that David meant that much to him was not something he wanted to do right now. His father would come crawling back; that much was guaranteed. All he had to do was wait.

He climbed the stairs to his apartment and unlocked the deadlock in the door. 

"Shit!" Adam heard Ray cursing, followed by the pounding footsteps of someone running down the hallway. Curious, Adam unlocked the second lock, pushed the door open, and then ventured into the living room. 

The television screen was on, playing a porn DVD Ray had been watching. Two busty women were eating each other out, writhing and moaning a little too gratuitously for the camera. There was a bottle of lube and a box of tissues on the coffee table. 

Adam sniffed the air and grinned; it reeked of a fresh hand-job. 

"Hey!" Ray puffed, darting out of his bedroom in a pair of boxers and an undershirt, clearly having been naked a few seconds ago. His bearded face was rosy pink and there was a small bulge in the groin of his drawers. He fumbled with the remote for a few seconds and turned the DVD off. "I was just -- just watching some porn."

"No need to hide it," Adam assured him. "I don't really -"

Adam heard a faint squeak of bedsprings come from Ray's room.

"... care," he finished, as he glanced back at the sofa. There was Ray's shirt, pants and boxers thrown carelessly over the arm rest... and puddled on the floor Adam spotted a small pair of long, black pants, along with an office shirt and a tie. Adam tilted his head and spotted a pair of men's shoes he knew neither of them owned.

"Just porn - by yourself?"

"Yup," Ray nodded earnestly and gave Adam a sheepish smile. "I was having a wank. Busted, heh. It's so late and you didn't answer when I knocked on your door, so I thought you were already asleep."

"Right," said Adam, smirking knowingly. "I'll lock myself in my room for exactly 15 minutes. You do whatever you need to do to clean up after yourselves."

Adam chortled back at the surprised look on Ray's face, then retreated to his room, closed the door, and counted down the seconds it would take Ray to realise the other man's clothes were in plain sight.

5... 4.... 3... 

"Aw, hell, his clothes..." he heard Ray groan quietly.

Adam pulled his shirt off and flopped onto his bed with a smile on his face. Ray was ripe for the picking. It was almost enough to forget about David. 

**

David's phone vibrated in the drink-holder just as he pulled into his garage. He unlocked the screen with a swipe. 

Janet: DONT BOTHER ME. IM ON A MOTHERFUCKING DATE RIGHT NOW.

"What... date...question-mark..." David mumbled as he typed out the reply. He hit send, and his phone vibrated a few seconds later. 

Janet: You better be kidding me

David chuckled as he replied. 'You didn't have to reply in the first place. But now that I've got you, I need you to advise me on something.'

Janet didn't respond. 

'It's about a guy,' David typed with a frown. 'You might be right. Happy?'

Still, nothing.

With a sigh, David got out of his car and made his way upstairs. He checked his phone again, pestered her with another message, and then put away his things and took a shower, taking twice as long as usual. The cute sandwich shop owner kept intruding on his thoughts, and the fantasies escalated wildly in his imagination as he stared off into space.

Everything about Sam turned him on, from his short stature to his outdated sideburns, and even the sound of his voice. He replayed their brief encounter over and over, imaging how things would have gone differently if he hadn't lost his nerve while trying to seduce the man. 

That was the first time he hadn't been able to simply take what he wanted, and that alone excited the hell out of him. It wasn't something he was accustomed to. He'd lost count of the number of gay, bi, curious and even aggressively straight males he had persuaded into having sex, yet Sam, a man as innocuous as they came, rendered that silver tongue useless. 

It was such a strong contrast from his son who threw himself at him. David wondered how much of his attraction towards Sam was based entirely on the man being a 'normal' choice; a potential partner he could be seen with in the eye of the public, and introduce to his employees at business functions without lying. 

If Janet hadn't filled his head with thoughts of romance, would he have even given Sam a second thought in the first place? What if Sam just happened to be the first stable thing he chanced across after losing control with Adam?

Ah, Adam... David's erect cock twitched as the fresh memories of their time together that night swam to the forefront of his mind. His manhood throbbed as it swung between his muscled thighs, begging to be tugged and stroked, begging for release. David managed to finish the shower without touching himself, however the urge bested him while he was towelling dry. 

He drizzled body-wash onto his palms, gripped his cock with both hands and started to thrust into the tight, slick passage. He closed his eyes. It was his son's ass he was fucking in his fantasies. Alone in the bathroom and with his eyes closed even his own reservations could be ignored. He blocked out his inner-voice and tried to recall how perfect Adam's plump hips had felt in his grasp tonight.

"Oh, fuck boy, let daddy fuck your ass," David crooned softly. "Cum for your dad while he fucks you."

Embracing his lust for Adam brought him to a rapid climax. 

"Mmph!" He stopped thrusting his hips and propped one leg on the rim of the shower cubical. His sudsy fist swam up and down the length of his cock mixing the soap with his pre-cum as he jerked himself off.

"Gnngh! Adam -- oh fuck, boy!"

He thrust once and sprayed the shower walls repeatedly with his cum, and then furiously pumped his cock until he shot a second, smaller load. He tried not to think about what he had just done as he rinsed himself off, nor how easy it was. He certainly didn't want to acknowledge how right it felt. 

That would be the last time he'd cum while thinking about his son, he told himself.

When David was dried and dressed, he checked his phone and swore at Janet's latest message.

Janet: Call you tomorrow boss. Turning phone off.

**

On following night Adam found himself naked on Ray's bed, slowly jerking his cock as he waited for his room-mate to come home. Sam and Kim's closed early on Sundays, so once Ray took the bait, which Adam was currently stroking, they'd have all night to play.

Convincing Ray once he came home took no effort. Ray stumbled into his room and stared at Adam for a full minute with his mouth hanging open and his eyes wide in surprise. 

"Wh-what the hell are you doing?" he finally spluttered, edging cautiously into the room. "Why are you doing that in my room?"

"Waiting for you," Adam purred. "I know you like having sex with guys, so I thought I'd offer you the best blow-job in the city." He gripped the base of his cock and pushed down to give it an extra half-inch in length.

"I'm not gay," Ray insisted, looking straight at Adam's thick cock. His tongue darted out nervously to wet his lips.

"Oh, come on. You want it, and I want to give it to you. Take your dick out and I'll suck on it until it's nice and wet, then you can fuck my ass. Nice and simple. How does that sound?"

Ray was naked and on the bed in under ten seconds. 

Unfortunately, the sex did not go as smoothly as the seduction. Ray's size did not live up to Adam's expectations, and being rather unfit, he did not have the stamina to go all night. Adam bought Ray so close to cumming with his mouth alone in the first few minutes that Ray was forced to smack Adam's head back forcefully with his palm. 

"Ouch?" Adam rubbed his neck.

"You got me pretty close," Ray said by way of an apology. "Gimme a minute..."

It went downhill from there. 

Ray pulled Adam into a doggy-style position and jabbed at Adam's tight ass with his small prick. 

"Is it in yet?" Adam asked after a while. Adam could barely feel anything.

"Yes," Ray replied heatedly, and began to thrust harder than necessary. Less than a minute later, he stopped. 

"Mmm, keep going," Adam mumbled, rocking his hips back. It was beginning to feel good.

"I already shot my load, man." Ray pulled his flaccid member out with a grunt of satisfaction. "Hey, roll over. I wanna suck another guy's dick for the first time."

Ray clearly was not lying about never sucking a cock before. His lips didn't make it far past the crown, and he scrunched his eyes shut as he made minute movements in his neck. Adam forced Ray's head down his beer-can shaft until Ray grunted in his struggle to draw breath.

"Do it like that, go all the way down each time," Adam commanded. Ray obeyed, but Adam's girth proved to be too much, and he started licking and kissing the head instead.

Adam closed his eyes and thought about David and Sam. It took a fantasy three-way to make himself even close to cumming. He pushed Ray's head down his shaft, and crossed his ankles behind Ray's neck. He pushed his hips up so he could see Ray's face when he tasted his cum. 

"I'm nearly there!" Adam warned. 

"Huh? What'dya say?" Ray lifted his head and let Adam's cock slump back against Adam's belly. 

Adam shot his load, and ended up shooting more of his cum into his own mouth than in Ray's. Ray hastily lowered his head to lick it up, but made a face after his first taste, shook himself free, and climbed off his bed. 

"That was great," Ray enthused. "Can we do this again?"

Adam suppressed sighing openly as he rolled off the bed and made his way into the corridor. There was no spark at all, no excitement; casual sex had been ruined for him. Between David's massive cock jack-hammering into his bowels and the excitement of inducing Sam into the wide world of gay sex, there was absolutely no comparison. 

He wasn't about to throw away a perfectly fine cock, however. "Maybe just blow-jobs. I'll suck you off whenever you need me to. No need to suck me off." 

"Great," Ray smiled obliviously. 

Adam grew horny again later that night and took a few choice pictures of his cock and emailed them to David with the message, 'I'm all yours and I miss you already. Reply back, and let's meet up again.' 

It didn't seem like such a good idea after he jacked off, but it was too late to undo that email. He was worried it'd look like he was crawling back. He was, by all means, but he just didn't want it to look that way.

He woke up the next morning, checked his email, and frowned at the lack of reply.

**

Sam was considering closing his shop early on the quiet Monday night when the door swung open. He looked up and nearly turned around and darted into his office to hide. The glorious hunk of a man who had left his phone behind two days ago -- he had come back!

He tried to look busy by cleaning the counter-top he had already wiped clean, but he forgot to move his hand and ended up staring openly at the man as he made his way over. Good god, he was handsome.

The man was wearing a pair of jeans that bulged impressively at the crotch, and an unbuttoned flannel shirt over a loose, grey undershirt. Sam admired the man's hefty frame; his muscular body and rugged facial hair screamed 'MAN', yet he was chunky enough to not come off as intimidating. The sleeves had been pushed up, and the coarse hairs on his muscled forearms made blood rush to Sam's face and groin. It was also far more casual than his business attire from last time, but he looked so damn good it made Sam feel thoroughly under-dressed in his light-blue polo, slacks and green apron.

"Hey Sam, how's it going?" he greeted Sam with a broad smile. His brilliant, white teeth flashed under the brown beard growth. 

Sam looked up and met the man's intense gaze. It was impossible to look away. "H-hi," he stammered, feeling woozy. He sucked in a deep breath to calm himself. "It's going fine, thanks. You're the man who left his phone here the other day, aren't you?" 

Like he could have forgotten, but still, he didn't want to come off as inappropriate in case the man was only here for a bite to eat. 

"Ah, I was hoping I had left more of an impression on you," said the man, and Sam swallowed his excitement. "I'm David." He sat down on a stool and offered Sam a hand. 

Sam made sure his palms were dry on the back of his shirt and then shook David's hand. David's warm hand engulfed his own and gave it a gentle squeeze.

"Hi David. What... what can I do for you?"

"Oh -" 

David was looking down at their hands with his brows furrowed in disappointment and his shoulders slumped. He slowly pulled his own hands free. 

Sam realised he still had his wedding ring on. Crap. Of all the things Kim chose not to take.

"Should've realised," David muttered, as he got up from the stool. "Your shop name has been staring me in the face all this time."

"I'm not married," Sam said hastily, trying to pull the golden band off his stubby finger. It wouldn't budge. "Well -- I was, but she divorced me when..." He let the sentence trail off, and shoved his ringed hand into his pocket while David's frown deepened.

"I should... yeah, I should probably go," mumbled David, turning to leave.

"Wait - I'll let you do things to me!" Sam blurted out in panic, and felt his neck grow hot. It had sounded a lot smoother in his head. 

David barked with laughter and studied Sam with hungry eyes. He seemed to be thinking to himself, and then apparently having come to some conclusion, leaned in close. "I'm glad we have that thought in common, Sam. Ever been with another man?"

No witty banter or impressive reply came to mind. Sam was completely overwhelmed by David's dominant presence; the man was so close Sam could smell his masculine scent and feel his warmth heating up the space between them. 

"Um, not really. But I did get a blow-job from a guy once," Sam recalled, puffing out his chest a little bit. 

David chuckled and leaned in closer. It was such a juvenile boast, yet it only made him want Sam more. He reached out and brushed Sam's stubbled jaw with a finger. If he had his way with Sam, the man would never run out of things to boast about. "Ever been kissed by another man?"

"No -"

David tilted Sam's mouth up with a finger under the chin and kissed him tentatively over the counter-top. He gradually parted Sam's lips with his tongue and pushed himself inside. When Sam's tongue ventured into his mouth, David growled in approval and pulled Sam in, forcing the man to stand on his toes. 

He slipped a finger into Sam's mouth and broke the kiss. Sam suckled on the finger with his eyes closed like a hungry piglet, and David slowly pushed it in and out. Sam's tongue swirled around his finger eagerly, quickly making David rock hard. He gently pulled his finger out, and Sam gave a small moan of longing.

"Oh my god," Sam whispered, slowly opening his eyes. 

"She said I shouldn't do that, but fuck, that was worth it."

"Who?"

"Never mind," David said quickly. "Look, I'm taking you out this week and you can't say no. When are you free?"

Sam felt the blush creep up to his ears as he worked up the courage. "We can use the office if you want to do it now. The kitchen staff have gone home already. Just promise me you'll go slow." 

It took David a few seconds to figure out what Sam was offering. He took half a step towards the office before he stopped himself. "No, no..." He closed his eyes, giving his head a small shake as he tried to clear his lusty thoughts. "That's not what I meant. I'm not looking for a quick pump and dump. I've had enough of those in my lifetime. I'm looking for something more serious." 

He softened his words with a friendly smile, and Sam felt his arousal stiffen under the tight apron. This was a man he could not resist, even if he tried.

"So, what do you say? Let me take you out to dinner?"

"Yes please," Sam said breathlessly, unable to keep the happy smile off his face. 

**

By Tuesday morning Adam still had not received a reply from David, and he began to worry. Maybe David meant it this time. Adam tried not to dwell on it as he whittled away his free hours restlessly before his late shift with Sam tonight. He was looking forward to hooking up with his boss again. At least that man was all his. 

But Sam avoided and ignored him throughout his entire shift that night. When the last customer left, Adam cleaned the shop front and cornered Sam in his office. 

"So I'm about to head off, Sam."

"Right, I'll see you Saturday," Sam replied absently, determinedly avoiding Adam's eyes, but he looked up from his computer when Adam didn't move from the doorway. "Well, have a good night then."

"I thought you'd ask me to suck your dick again," said Adam. "I've locked the front door and it's just the two of us. You seemed to enjoy it last time."

"I did, Adam, but I don't think we should do that any more." Sam rubbed the back of his neck and grinned impishly. "I've sort of started seeing someone. Well, I don't really know him that well, but we're going out on a date this Sunday."

Adam felt a twinge of annoyance, and an uncomfortable nagging sensation that he recognised as jealousy. He thought Sam was his own personal sex-toy, to play with as he pleased. He refused to lose both David and Sam in the same week.
