 When I arrived home I took a hot shower. Being with Uncle Jon all day was so much enjoyable for a variety of reasons. One was that I had a much needed and much deserved day off from work. Another and most important was that perhaps I was going to have a suck buddy to play with on occasion. Uncle Jon had been so insistent about getting together "soon" that my ego was soaring to say the least. I envisioned maybe on over night stay on his boat and continued time sucking his delicious cock and maybe getting mine sucked in return. I had a feeling based on his eating my come that he would not be averse to trying it out. 

I considered alternative ways that we could enjoy each other. I had real concerns with the thought of him fucking me. Now I had tried it once with my cousin Jimmy and it felt good because there was a third person (a friend of Jimmy) who sucked me off while Jimmy fucked me. It was a little painful then but Jimmy did not have his father's cock in terms of length and width. It had not come up as yet in conversations with Uncle Jon and it had not with Jimmy. It was one of those things that just happened. 

As for my relationship with Jimmy we had not really seen each other often in about two years. We both went our ways after our "thing" had cooled down. We both ended up in relationships with women of varying duration. If given the opportunity I would have no problem playing with Jimmy again. He had been my first and there were always good memories as far as that was concerned.

I remember how Uncle Jon had dry humped me on the boat while holding on to my waist so it was not a stretch to imaging him doing the same with his cock buried in me. I know my uncle liked me before the trip on the boat but his spontaneous passionate kiss did provide me with a different perspective. I wondered what he was looking for. Did he envision a "relationship?" I had the feeling that he did. I could have been wrong but I did not think so. I mean he treated me like I imagine he had treated women in his life. He did not seem to be the type who went from relationship to relationship with women. I got the feeling that he never had cheated on my aunt but rather would just jerk off out of frustration when the need arose. Or maybe he would get an anonymous blow job from someone.

Somehow he gave himself permission to "play" with me as he thought that our activities were somehow different. He was gentle and passionate. It was a different experience for me since in any past relationships with men it basically was a mutual suck fest that would occasionally occur. 

I got up the next morning and went to work. On the way home that night I stopped at the gym and worked out and then brought some Chinese food home for dinner. I popped open a beer and watched the news as I ate. The phone rang and it was Uncle Jon. He was very friendly and asked how I was doing. I asked the same to him and we chatted. He wanted to tell me what a great time he had with me on his boat. I thanked him in response. He casually mentioned that he was going to be in my area the next day (Friday) and wanted to know if I wanted to maybe have dinner. I had a work related appointment scheduled for the same night and I could not meet him. He sounded disappointed. I told him that we would talk the next week.

Out of the blue my cousin Jimmy called me the next day on my cell phone at work. He said he was taking the opportunity to call me as he had spoken to his father earlier the same day. He mentioned to me that his father had told him that I had spent a day on the Pequod. 

He wanted to know how I was doing and we exchanged pleasantries. I did not ask him if his father had even asked him to join us on the boat. He did not sound miffed about not being on the Pequod but just noted it in his conversation. 

I asked him how his love life was going and he said that he had broken off with a girl named Jennifer and that he was enjoying the freedom of being uninvolved. He said that the breakup had occurred about two months earlier but they had just finished separating the things at his house that she said were hers. He asked me if we could have dinner together soon and I said that in the next week that might be a possibility. When I got off the phone with him I went to the men's room and jerked off in the urinal.

The recollection of Jimmy's cock in my mouth and the memories coupled with the image of his father's cock unloading his thick come in my mouth three times in one day sent me over the edge. 

The possibility of now having two men to service made me a little crazy. I felt like a slut and maybe I wanted to dress like one again as well. It was a thought.

The weekend was uneventful. I hung around and just did stuff at home. It basically had been dreary weather wise. I rested and as it was to turn out I was going to need the rest. It rained all weekend.

I called Jimmy on his cell phone the next Monday. I left him a message and I left a message for Uncle Jon as well. Jimmy called me. He asked me if I was available for lunch that day instead of dinner and I was. We were able to have lunch near his office. He looked good and remarked at how healthy I looked. I told him that I was taking mega vitamins, eating right and exercising regularly. 

We caught up on each other's news. We talked about women and our sometimes frustration with them.

He talked about his former girlfriend Jennifer and how he had gotten to the point that he felt stifled. She did not like it if he was engaged in anything that did not involve her and she gradually was able to control his life. I asked his how this was able to occur and he said it was because she was so hot and so beautiful. Another reason is that he had convinced himself that he needed to "settle down." He said the best part of their relationship was the lovemaking. He said she would just drain him. He became pussy whipped and had for a time lost his way. He was able to break free and although he noticed that she would regularly drive by his home to check to see if he had any "visitors", he was able to avoid any theatrics. He said he had not dated in months and was feeling his way around the playing field again.

He asked me about my life and I gave him the uneventful condensed version of what was going on. He said he had seen his father the day before and he said that life seemed to be treating him well as he had not seen his father looking that happy in years. My pulse rate increased and the palms of my hands itched and got sweaty.

He asked me if I had "played" in awhile and I knew what he meant. I told him that I had not in years. Obviously a lie on my part but what could I say? I asked him the same and he said the last time was with me. There was a silence between us and we looked at each other and laughed. Only former suck buddies would understand the look and the laughter.

He asked me what I was doing that afternoon. I told him that I had to go out on an appointment that afternoon at 3:00 P.M. It was 1:45 P.M. when we had this conversation. He said he was on his own for the afternoon as he made his own hours. He invited me to his condominium that was located five miles away. We both knew what the invitation meant. I became hard on the way as I followed him in my car.

It only took about ten minutes to get to his place. His home was a beautiful two bedroom that he had purchased with the idea that he would marry Jennifer someday and that the second bedroom was for any new family additions. Fortunately he made the purchase under his own name so there was no problem when Jennifer was out of his life. He had it well furnished.

We sat in his kitchen for a few minutes and talked and then went to his bedroom. He took off his pants and underwear and I did the same. We chatted as I stroked him. He became hard in a matter of seconds. I lay on my side on the bed and he did as well. I slid down on the bed so that my face was even with his cock. I licked him for a few minutes and then placed him in my mouth. He was very jumpy and moaned at the slightest attention to his cock. I let him move in and out of my mouth slowly at first. I controlled how much he could push. He pushed in and out and was saying how good my mouth felt on him. I let him push in and out deeper. He was in my mouth only a few more minutes before he announced that he was ready to come. I held onto his backside as he got close. He spurted more times than I could count. He groaned after each spurt and he groaned a lot. I was incredibly horny but did not come. I milked any residual come from him before we both got up. I needed to get back on the road and soon.

After such a long break from his cock it was fun to get reacquainted. He told me that he had emptied about two months worth of come backup into my mouth.

We got dressed and I left. We both said we had to do this more often and we hugged goodbye. 

I got into my car and retrieved my messages. One of them was from Uncle Jon. I called him left him a message saying that he could try to call me at about 4:30 P.M. that same afternoon. I drove to my appointment feeling as horny as I ever have. I was trying to focus on my appointment at the same time looking for lifesavers as I could taste the residuals of Jimmy's massive load in my mouth.

I went to my appointment and got into my car at 4:15 P.M. I was uncertain whether to drive home or to hang in the area where I was after the appointment. I found a fast food restaurant and got a cup of coffee and then sat in my car in the parking lot nursing it. At 4:35 P.M. Uncle Jon called and I picked up on the first ring. He wanted to know where I was and I told him. He said he was about two miles away and asked me if I would meet him for a drink. I said that I would and we met at a sports bar that was five miles away that served great steak sandwiches and cold beer. 

Uncle Jon drove up to my car in the lot and we went in to the bar. He had been on a job site and there was mud caked on his construction shoes. He was sweaty. We sat in a booth and ordered mugs of cold ale. He was smiling and animated. I started to get hard based on my experience that afternoon and of my memories on the Pequod. 

We chatted and he had the look of someone who had fallen in lust. He seemed so focused on what I had to say. On occasion he adjusted himself under the table. He asked me how work was and how things were going. I told him that I had met Jimmy for lunch that day. He expressed his joy that Jimmy had broken up with his former girlfriend Jennifer. He said maybe Jimmy could have fun again. 

He expressed (in code) how much he had enjoyed our boat ride the week before and said it had been many years since he had an experience like it in his life. He asked me if it was possible for that "type" of experience could be repeated and I said that I saw no problem with it. That seemed to energize him. I sensed that he wanted to find a way for me to service him that night. It seemed like he did not know how to ask me. 

I told him I was hungry and he said he was as well. He called home and told my aunt her would not be home for dinner. We ordered steak sandwiches and ate. 

I told him that some night I would like to have him over as a guest for dinner. He started to breathe hard and asked when that might be. I said depending on our schedules that could happen in the next week. He grabbed my hand firmly and said that he would really like to do that. We hung around and drank some beers and talked. 

I paid for dinner and the beers and we walked out together. It was dark outside as we left. I told Uncle Jon to move his truck to the far side of the parking lot away from any overhead lighting and then I would move my car next to his. He did not ask why.

We moved our vehicles and then I got into his truck and we talked. He had his legs opened and when the interior light of his truck was on I could see that he was hard. He looked absolutely gigantic through his pants. He was breathing in short breaths as we talked.

He asked me to touch him and I told him that if that is what he wanted then he would have to pull himself out first. His pants went down to his ankles. We talked and I stroked. He asked me how many cocks I had sucked before his and I laughed and told him a million.

He apologized and said he was curious because I was so good. I did not answer but continued to stroke him. He said he had not been able to get me out of his mind after the boat trip and thought about nothing else. I thanked him for his comment. I was now gently stroking his cock with my right hand starting at his very full balls and pulling and rubbing lightly the shaft of his huge cock. There was the steady drip of his pre-cum as I stroked him. I finally leaned over and took him in my mouth and pulled on the head with my mouth just over the ridge. He was in my mouth for less than two minutes before he yelped and shot. I counted nine spurts of thick nearly chewable come that spurted from his cock. I stroked the rest of his cock with my hand while my mouth milked his head. My lips formed a seal around the head of his cock so none escaped. I sat back and swallowed three times to get it all down. He smiled and said that he wanted to have a week alone with me. I laughed.

We said our goodbyes and I got out of his truck and into my car. I drove home and on the way thought about what had occurred that day. I mean I swallowed two great loads. That had not occurred since I did Jimmy and his friend Nils years earlier. This held a different significance because of the fact that there was a father and son involved and neither of them knew about the other. This was the stuff of fantasies. When I arrived home and cleaned up before bed I checked my messages and there was one from Jimmy expressing how much he "enjoyed" lunch and one from Uncle Jon expressing how much he "enjoyed" dinner. I had hit a home run with the bases loaded.

I got up the next morning and jerked a huge load out of me in the shower. I had gotten up that morning with some serious wood based on the experience the day before. I was in my office the first thing in the morning and then out on the road the afternoon. I had not received any messages that day from either of my "friends." 

On my way home I went to a mall and visited a lingerie shop ostensibly shopping for my "wife." There was a section where sexy looking underwear for men was on display. I saw black and sheer underwear that really resembled women's panties that were for men. I bought two sizes, one in medium and one large. I then purchased two pair of pantyhose, one in beige and one in off black. On to the ladies shoe store where I purchased two pair of pumps, one in black and one in brown. I then went to the ladies casual department where I then purchased two cotton skirts, one in red and one in black. I had dressed up in my life but basically only for myself as a self contained turn-on. I knew what equivalent sizes to buy based on my previous experience. I did not ever wear makeup or try to pass as a woman. It was something that I had enjoyed immensely on a solo basis at one time and I was poised to see if I could get a response from my uncle just to see what might happen. I had learned to walk in heels and sit like a woman. I had very fine hair on my legs that did no require shaving or any other type of hair removal.

The same night I left a message for Uncle Jon on his cell phone. He returned my call minutes later. I invited him over for dinner for the next Friday night. He said he did not see any problems with his schedule. I had two days to plan my dinner.

The next morning I was at my desk at work by 7:00 A.M. I was scheduled to leave for an appointment by 7:45 A.M. when I received a call from Jimmy. He asked if I could visit him that day as he had the day off. At first I was going to beg off because of my work schedule. But then I thought again and said that I could see him between 10:45 and 11:15 that morning. He sounded excited. I had to contain my erection. I went out on two of my appointments and then went to Jimmy's house. He answered the door with a robe on and nothing else. He asked me into the kitchen and I sat down and then he pulled his robe off and exposed his very hard cock. He said he wanted to know if we could see each other more often as he said he loved how I sucked him. I said that would probably be okay. He looked impatient as he talked and stroked and I took him into my mouth and just sucked on his head until he blew off his load. His spurts seemed just endless. He lasted maybe thirty seconds. Even during our younger days I do not remember Jimmy coming like this. I was in his house for about five minutes in total. I swallowed and he offered me a soft drink as his come just coated the inside of my mouth. 

He hugged me and said that he wished he could see me every day and also said he thought of the time that he fucked me and wondered aloud to me if that could ever happen again. I did not respond and said that I had to go.

I got in my car and thought that life was certainly getting exciting. It certainly appeared that I was in demand.

I went out on my appointments and got back to my office at 4:00 P.M. I then went to the gym and had a good workout and then picked up some food and went home. At 9:00 P.M. Uncle Jon called to confirm for dinner and the time was set for 8:00 P.M. the next night. He asked if he should bring anything and I told him just to bring his appetite.

I got up early the next morning and worked a half day. I then went to the gym first and then shopped for food for dinner. I made it simple. I purchased two steaks and two baked potatoes with greens for a salad, two bottles of red wine and a six pack of beer. After buying the food Jimmy called and wanted to know if I could visit. I said I was busy. He really was getting insistent. It was exciting for me.

I decided just to dress in jeans and a black tee shirt for dinner. I was afraid that Uncle Jon might think I was a weirdo if he saw me with a skirt and heels on. I set the table and added candles for subtle light. I had a grill on my deck for the steaks and I was going to make a Caesar Salad using my own recipe. Uncle Jon showed up a little before 8:00 P.M. We shook hands and I showed him around. He said that my place was comparable to Jimmy's and that I should check his place out sometime. I said I should do that. He had on a dress shirt and slacks with a sports jacket. He had brought a vintage bottle of French Bordeaux wine with him and he insisted that we have it with dinner. I prepped the steaks with a special rub. I made the dressing for the salad. The baked potatoes were in the oven. I started the grill. 

We talked and laughed. He reminisced about his youth and his career but spoke little about my aunt. He said he was truly blessed to have been successful in business. I spoke about work and said that I probably was as content as I ever had been. I did express to him that somewhere out there was a woman for me but I said I did not want to rush into anything. I cited Jimmy's experience with Jennifer as an example.

He brought up the fact that he had been in the service for four years and had spent time in Asia. He mentioned that he had especially enjoyed Thailand with its exotic women. He mentioned that Thailand had men who would dress up and look like women. He said they were referred to as Ladyboys because they were slight and dressed as women but had penises. He said that they would dress in skirts, heels and pantyhose or stockings and wore makeup and were very sexy. He saw them at clubs where they would hang out and try to get the servicemen to buy them drinks. He said that a lot of Thai people were slight of build and these Ladyboys easily passed as women. 

I asked if any of his friends had ever "spent time" with any of these people and he said that they did. He volunteered that he did as well. 
