 "Hey, Parker!" I heard Seth say a little too loudly. I looked around the locker room until I spotted him, stripped down to his underwear, his blonde, muscular body looking as beautiful as always. "I have a present for you." He grabbed the ample bulge in his white briefs, "All you have to do is unwrap it." The locker room exploded with laughter.

Ever since Seth fucked me, our friendship became more open, easy, like we had known each other our entire lives. Neither of us told Max about our having sex, and we kept to the arrangement with him by the strictest of terms, sometimes hooking up after working out or playing video games when Kurt was away doing god knows what with Bobby. The horseplay in the locker room was Seth's crude way of expressing his feelings.

"Can I exchange it for something bigger?" I asked, raising my voice above the laughter, bringing even louder laughter. We approached each other, wearing shit eating grins, and slapped our hands together in a clasp of friendship, patting one another on the shoulders. We didn't move in for a hug because Seth was practically naked, and the locker room was looking on.

"It gets bigger if you're nice to it," he said quietly as he laughed. "Hey, buddy, did Max tell you he wanted to talk to us at lunch?"

"Yeah, at the bleachers. Do you know what's going on? He didn't seem happy."

"I have no idea."

We parted, with Seth stripping out of his underwear and heading for the showers while I hung back a little. Coach made us run five miles, and my thigh muscles were screaming at me. I didn't know how I was going to make it through the rest of the day. 

When I arrived at the bleachers, Max and Seth were waiting, with Seth hugging Max from behind. I felt jealousy raise its ugly head, then soothed it down. As close as the three of us had become, there was no denying that Seth and Max shared a stronger bond. I was just an extra dick for Max's ass, and occasionally another ass for Seth to fuck.

"What's up?" I asked Max when I arrived. It was a Friday, Seth's day with Max, and I felt uncomfortable under the circumstances.

"I have bad news," Max started, pulling out of Seth's embrace to lean against a pole supporting the bleachers, "I'm moving."

"You're what?" Seth asked. I could almost hear anger in his voice.

"When?" I asked, feeling helpless.

"This weekend." He let the words float between the three of us before continuing. "My mom got a great job offer in Houston, and she starts immediately. We found an apartment, and we're moving this weekend."

"That sucks," Seth spat. He really was angry. I wasn't sure how I felt. There was a lump in my throat, and I felt like I might throw up.

"We'll help ya'll pack," I interjected, "Won't we, Seth?" Max looked at Seth.

"Yeah, of course," he agreed. I could hear the sadness in his voice. "It's the least we can do."

"If that's all, I'll leave you two alone," I said as I began walking away. I wasn't sure if Seth had it in him the fuck Max, but it was his day with him, however they chose to spend it. 

"No, wait!" Seth called out to me, "If he's leaving us, we should send him off right."

"I wasn't sure what he had in mind, but I was up for whatever he had in mind. Literally. Just the thought of the three of us having sex together was enough for me to pop an instant boner.

Max pulled down his pants while we pulled our hard cocks out. Seth indicated that he wanted me to fuck Max first, so I moved in behind him and spit on his hole before sliding my cock inside. Max moaned as I fucked him, and I was fucking him good, knowing it would be the last time I did. Seth tapped me on the shoulder, and I moved aside, watching him spit, then stuff his big cock into Max's tiny ass. He fucked him for a while, then stepped aside. I took his place and fucked him some more. Max's moans soon became screams as we each fucked him until we were close to cumming, then pulled out for the other to take over. 

Losing track of time, we fucked for the entire hour. When the bell rang, we beat off together, filling Max's mouth with our cum. I was surprised to see Seth lick the excess cum from Max's face, which made me wonder how kinky Seth really was. 

We all got to class late. I suffered the withering scowl of my English teacher, then daydreamed about Seth for the rest of the day. It was just the two of us now. How was that going to change the dynamics of our relationship? We were best buds, fucking the same guy. Now that the guy was gone, what connected us?

Seth and I dutifully arrived at Max's house and helped pack boxes, then carry them out to the U-Haul truck. I disappeared for a while and picked up burgers at the Astro Café for lunch. Then we waved good-bye as the truck pulled away as Max left our lives forever.

We stood quietly for a moment, looking at the dilapidated trailer, then at each other.

"Hey," I said to him, "I have a new game back at the house. Wanna give it a go?"

"Not today," he told me, "I'm not in the mood."

We hugged tightly, and probably a little too long on the side of the road, then parted ways. I drove home, crying. It was all over now. I just knew it.

When I got home, Kurt was listening to Country Music on the radio while he worked on paying the bills. I hugged him from behind and kissed his hairy cheek. He turned his head and looked at me.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I lied, "But I could use some companionship, if you're up to it."

Kurt dropped what he was doing and started stripping out of his clothes. Apparently, he and Bobby had not had sex lately, and he was ready for some ass. I didn't know if I was really in the mood, but I couldn't think of anything better to do.

We stripped out of our clothes, then Kurt sat on the side of the bed, his big lubed cock pointing at the ceiling. I climbed onto his lap and slid down his cock, taking it to the root before slowly fucking myself with it. We kissed, holding each other for the longest time. 

Kurt stood, holding me to him and started fucking me, slamming his big cock into me as my ass crashed against his pelvis. I screamed for more, finally forgetting about Max and Seth. He lay me on the edge of the bed and fucked me some more, giving me those long, slow strokes I loved so much. He knew me so well.

We never heard the front door open and close. The first we realized we weren't alone is when we heard someone clear his throat loudly. Turning our heads, we saw Seth leaning against the bedroom doorway, his arms crossed, his face smiling.

"I changed my mind about the game," he explained, "But this looks like more fun." He started peeling off his shirt as he entered the room. By the time he reached us, he was completely naked and hard as a rock. Grabbing the lube, he stepped up behind Kurt. "Knowing this little fucker like I do, I'm guessing this won't be the first time you've had a hard dick in your ass."

Kurt buried himself in me as Seth lined up his cock and drove it home, beginning to fuck Kurt with powerful thrusts almost immediately.

"This one is a keeper," Kurt smiled down at me. He began fucking me again, eventually matching Seth's thrusts. I felt like I was being fucked by both of my favorite men. Kurt seized up as he came inside me, while Seth pulled out of him. In time, Kurt moved aside, and Seth took his place.

"Hey, buddy," he smiled, "Ready for the fuck of your life?"

I nodded and he entered me, fucking me hard, regaining his rhythm before bending forward to take my cock in his mouth to blow me while he fucked me. His lips felt amazing wrapped snugly around my cock while he thrust his dick in and out of me forcefully. I writhed under him, screaming his name, my finger tangled in his hair, until I came in his mouth. He fucked me harder after swallowing my cum and added his load to Kurt's. 

Looking around the room, I realized Kurt had left us alone. We remained together on the bed for a few minutes, snuggled together until his cock deflated and slipped from my ass.

"That was awesome," I told him as he helped me to my feet.

"I've had some interesting experiences with Max," he smiled bashfully, "And now I want to have them with you."

"About Kurt..."

"Don't worry about it," he shushed me with a finger to my lips, "I'm used to sharing you. Besides, I may have had a few experiences with my brother."

"Your brother?" I didn't even know he had a brother.

"He's away at college right now," he explained, "He's the reason I don't get fucked. My ass kind of belongs to him."

We laughed and got dressed, spending the rest of the day playing video games. At dinner time, I invited him to stay the night, and he agreed. We made love on the sofa, taking our time, exploring each other, and fell asleep in each other's arms. After that night, we fucked our way through the remainder of school and all of the summer, occasionally engaging in three-ways with Kurt or Seth's brother to shake things up.

In Autumn, Seth went away to college, where he met and fell madly in love with a well hung Alabama boy, but we talk on the phone or text each other nearly every day. I chose to attend college at Lamar University in Beaumont so I could commute from home. Kurt and I finally came to an understanding that I wasn't going anywhere and became exclusive with one another. I graduated with a Masters in Chemistry and got a job with the oil company. We live happily together to this day in the little cabin in the woods.

Our may not be what most people think of as a normal couple, but I love my uncle, and I know he loves me. In the end, isn't that all that matters?