 Coming out to my parents was a mistake. Well, it seemed like that at the time.

It was my eighteenth birthday, three weeks before Christmas, and well into my senior year of high school. I had known for years that I was gay, even before I knew what the words "gay" and "faggot" meant, and I had confirmed it a few times with guys at school who were horny enough to consent and paranoid enough to keep it quiet. I even had an ongoing thing with one guy who was dating a girl who insisted on remaining a virgin until she was married. That I was gay was without doubt.

I told my parents on the evening of my eighteenth birthday, after I blew out the candles on my birthday cake and opened my presents. I had forgone a party for this very reason. I didn't know what to expect, but I certainly didn't expect my mother to cry and blame herself while my father walked out of the room without a word. It wasn't until the next morning that my mother informed me that my father couldn't stand to look at me and I was being sent to live with my uncle, Kurt.

I felt like I was being exiled. Not because my parents were sending me away, but because I knew my uncle lived in the middle of nowhere, deep in the Big Thicket of East Texas. There was literally nothing there but trees. I mean you could pass through his little hick town, and if you blinked, you'd never know you were ever there.

I was told to pack only what I needed, which was my clothes and a few toiletries, because my father refused to pay to ship all my belongings on the bus. He also presented me with a list of things I could not bring with me. I could not take my laptop, xbox, mp3 player, cell phone, or my extensive comic book collection. One thing not on the list, probably just overlooked, was my game boy, so I smuggled it into my carryon bag. My mother insisted that my father would eventually come to his senses while she drove me to the bus station, but I doubted it. We said our good byes and hugged, then I boarded the bus.

I tried to relax and accept my fate, pulling my game boy out to play a few games to pass the time. I even attempted to take a nap, only to be awakened when the old man sitting next to me decided to take advantage of the dark bus and rub his hand on my crotch. I sternly pulled his hand away and stared out the bus window as the hill country slowly turned into the big thicket and all I could see was towering pine trees illuminated by the occasional street lamp.

Ten years my father's junior, Kurt was a handsome man of thirty-two. He worked in the oil fields, and his body showed it, leaving him a statue of lean, well formed muscle. His light brown hair was curly and unruly, but cut relatively short, blending seamlessly into a scruffy beard. My own hair was as curly as Kurt's, but it was red, and I had blue eyes while his were brown. Unlike Dad, Kurt was a true country boy who preferred living alone in his little shack of a house tucked away on twenty-five acres of land he could proudly claim to own outright. Why he decided to share his home with me was a mystery. 

As the bus pulled up to the makeshift bus stop at a McDonald's in Sour Lake, I spotted Uncle Kurt leaning against his old truck, waiting patiently. At first sight, my heart jumped into my throat. Had Dad told Kurt why he was exiling me? Did Kurt know I was gay? I nervously, shyly, debarked the bus and met up with Kurt, who came to meet me with a big hug.

"Are you okay, Parker?" he asked me, giving me a good looking over. I nodded and smiled. "Damn, you got big!" It had been a couple of years since I had seen him.

"Thanks," I said with a smile. Despite my nerdy ways, I had begun to hit the weights a few months earlier, hoping that I might find a boyfriend if I had a better looking body. I had made some gains on my thin frame, but I was nowhere close to the epitome of manly perfection that Kurt was. I remembered staring at his hot body when he visited us in the past. I was envious of him. Who wouldn't be?

The bus driver handed me my bags and we headed toward Kurt's truck, tossing them into the back. I held on to my carryon, protecting my Gameboy with my life, if necessary.

"Are you hungry?" he asked me as we pulled away from the McDonald's, "I haven't eaten yet."

"I haven't had anything but some toast and coffee this morning."

"You're old enough to have a coffee habit?" Kurt joked, laughing at me.

"I started early," I told him, punching him playfully in the shoulder.

We drove down the road to Batson, the town he called home. It consisted of a convenience store, a Southern Baptist Church and a small diner, called the Astro Café. Kurt pulled into the diner parking lot, explaining that he got most of his meals there. They were famous for their burgers, but they also served a variety of other foods.

Inside, we found a booth and settled in with the menu. I decided to try their famous burgers while Kurt chose the fried chicken plate.

"So, things not going so well with your dad, huh?"

"No." I didn't know how much he knew and didn't want to volunteer too much information.

"He always was a stubborn cuss," Kurt eyed me, "Set in his ways, unable to bend to anything new."

He knew! Dad told him the reason he was kicking me to the curb. I felt myself blush, and my mind went blank. I couldn't think of anything to say. Just as the silence began to feel awkward, a platinum blonde with a name tag that said her name was Sherry came to our table with an order pad in hand. She flirted with Kurt and eyed me suspiciously. It was clear she had the hots for him, and he flirted back. I felt a wave of jealousy wash over me that I couldn't explain. Was I unconsciously attracted to my uncle? After introducing me as his nephew, we made our orders and Sherry hurried away.

"She's got it bad for you," I told him, in case he didn't notice.

'Well, she's outta luck," Kurt stated matter of fact, "I prefer living alone. Besides, I've already fucked her."

"Sorry about intruding in on your life." I said after a moment. Kurt looked at me surprised.

"You're not an intrusion, Parker," He nearly scolded me, "Your father didn't force you on me. This arrangement was my idea. You're my favorite nephew."

"I'm your only nephew," I reminded him.

"You would be my favorite regardless."

We talked small talk the rest of the meal, mostly about the release of the new Star Wars film and how we were both excited to see it. Kurt may be a country boy at heart, but he had a strong nerdy streak that gave us plenty to talk about. I told him how I wasn't allowed to bring my comic books, and the other things I had to leave behind, and he sympathized me, assuring me that it was just stuff, and stuff can be replaced. He told me with a wink that he had a lap top I could use, once he deleted his browser history.

After finishing our meal, and I had enough of watching Sherry throw herself at Kurt, we climbed back into the truck and made our way home. Kurt didn't live "in town" with the rest of Batson's residents, but in a tiny house tucked a quarter mile off the main road, nestled deep within the pines. The house was small, with a living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. It was once a hunting cabin and the exterior was unpainted cedar with a little front porch and a glass enclosed back porch that house the washer and dryer.

"I made room in the dresser for you, and there's plenty of room in the closet," Kurt said pointing here and there. 

He gave me a quick tour, which required very little movement because the interior had an open plan, probably because the only source of heat was a wood burning iron stove and the only cool air came from an air conditioner in a window of the bedroom. The living room and bedroom were separated by double sliding doors, which Kurt kept open. The only real privacy to be found was in the bathroom, which desperately needed a cleaning. There were dishes stacked high in the kitchen sink, and paper littered every table top. The whole house was in disarray, and although I wanted to revel in Kurt's bachelor lifestyle, I was equally accustomed to living in a clean space. I realized very quickly that I would have to do something about the mess. "You'll have to sleep with me," Kurt continued, pointing at the queen-sized bed that dominated the bedroom, "Or you can sleep on the couch, if you prefer."

I got busy putting my clothes away while Kurt opened a can of beer he retrieved from the refrigerator. By the time I finished, he was loading the iron stove with some split logs. 

"Ready for bed?" he asked. It was early still, so I was dumbfounded by the question.

"Not really," I told him, "I think I'll stay up a while and play a few games, or watch some TV. It's still early."

"Okay," Kurt said, pulling off his shirt, revealing his strong, hairy chest and washboard abs, "I have to get to work early. I've already got Monday off to enroll you into school, so you have the weekend to yourself. Sorry there's not a lot to do around here."

"Don't worry about it," I brushed him off, "I'm planning on keeping busy tomorrow cleaning this place."

"That'd be a nice change," he told me, "Just don't throw out any of the paper. Some of that is important."

I watched as he walked to the bed and shimmied out of his pants, revealing a large flaccid cock, before crawling under the covers. After he turned off the light, I decided to play a few games on the couch, so I wouldn't disturb him. At some point I fell asleep.

Feeling cold, I awoke and looked around, confused at first. The fire had burned down in the stove, so I put a couple more logs inside and went into the bedroom. I was nervous about getting into bed with my naked uncle, but I decided it was for the best. Stripping down to my boxers and a t-shirt, I crawled into bed next to Kurt. My presence must have stirred him because he rolled over and pulled in close to me, with one arm resting across my waist. The warmth of his body next to mine was welcomed, and I soon drifted off to sleep, putting the whole ordeal of my exile behind me as I accepted my new life with Kurt.

When I awoke, I was alone, and sunlight streamed into the room through a crack in the curtains like a lightsaber. I crawled out of bed, stretched and headed for the bathroom to take a piss and a shower. In the kitchen, I found some corn flakes for breakfast, virtually the only food in the house. Then I set about getting the house clean, starting with the dishes that were piled up in the sink.

It took all day to clean the house, without stopping for lunch- not that I could have found anything to eat if I had. I cleaned the kitchen top to bottom, including the refrigerator. The stove was spotless, probably from disuse. The bathroom took an hour and a half, not counting the sweeping and mopping, which I saved for last. I rounded up all the papers littering the house and placed them carefully in a shoebox until I could get the supplies needed to properly file them for easier access. Books went onto shelves, instead of sitting in stacks here and there, and the few nick-nacks I found were all cleaned and arranged artistically throughout the house. 

As I began sweeping in the bedroom, my broom hit something under the bed. Curious, I got down on my knees and investigated. It was Kurt's porn collection, consisting of several magazines and DVDs. On closer inspection, I found Oui, Hustler and Playboy magazines, but there were also a number of Blue Boy, Mandate, and Playgirl magazines as well. The DVDs were mostly gay and bisexual porn. Remembering what he said about clearing his browser history, I logged onto the laptop and checked it out for myself. He watched a lot of gay porn, mostly older/younger, and regularly visited a few sites like Sean Cody and Fraternity X.

I was surprised to discover that Kurt had a secret of such monumental proportions. There was nothing about him that would make me think he was anything but straight. From his deep, rugged voice to his manly strut, there was just no way he was attracted to men. The idea turned me on, giving me a woody I couldn't lose until I was once again well invested in my cleaning. I decided to put the magazines and DVDs back where I found them and pretend I never noticed them.

I was bringing in more fire wood to stack next to the iron stove when Kurt arrived home. I was exhausted and hungry, but happy to see my uncle. I couldn't wait until he saw the transformation the house under took when he was away.

"You look a mess," Kurt smiled, tousling my hair.

"When you see the house, I'm sure you'll agree it was worth it."

I finished gathering up as much wood as I could carry before returning inside. Kurt was in the bedroom, kneeling next to the bed, where his porn collection was hidden. He looked up at me and smiled uncertainly. I smiled innocently back at him.

"It's like being in another house," he told me, "I can't believe the transformation. I'm going to enjoy having you around."

We talked awhile, with me showing him everything, then he headed into the shower. He suggested I join him, unless I wanted to shower in cold water. The hot water heater was small, but the shower was large. He assured me it was no different that showering with the guys in the locker room. After some hesitation on my part, I agreed, but only because I was so grimy after my day of cleaning.

Undressing in front of him was nerve racking. I was already well aware of how big his cock was, and I felt a little intimidated. Even flaccid, his cock was as big as my eight inches was hard, maybe bigger. I found myself wondering how big it was hard, then had to distract myself from the impending erection that threatened to pop up. Knowing he was as into guys as he was women, I wondered if he found me attractive. 

Despite my thoughts, the shower was innocent. We bathed, rarely touching, and got out just as the water began to grow cold. While toweling off, I tried to keep my eyes to the floor, avoiding looking at Kurt's big floppy cock. We dressed, built up the fire in the iron stove, and headed off to the Astro Café for dinner.

Once more, Sherry took our orders, but not without flirting shamelessly with Kurt. I couldn't blame her. He was an attractive man with a hot body and a big cock. A big cock she had apparently experienced for herself at least once. When she left, Kurt smiled knowingly at me.

"Don't let her get under your skin," he told me reassuringly, "As I said, I've already fucked her. She's nothing to me now. Never really was."

"So you just fuck 'em and leave 'em?"

"For the most part. I like living alone. Besides, I've never met anyone I wanted to be in a relationship with. I bang what I can get, but I'm looking for something different."

"Different how?" Despite common sense, I wondered if I was that difference.

"Different from anything I'm likely to find in this hick town, but I don't want to move to the big city. I like my life here. It's a little lonely, but now I have you here."

He smiled at me and I beamed. Sherry approached with our orders, flirted and hovered too long for my tastes, then disappeared.

"You know, Mom taught me how to cook," I said as I watched her walk away, "If we get some groceries in the house, I could make you a hot dinner for when you come home, and it would probably cost you less money."

Kurt winced.

"I guess I do need to get some food in the house. How did you fare for food today?"

"I had some corn flakes at breakfast, but I didn't eat lunch." I said taking a big bite of my bacon cheese burger. I probably should have tried something else on the menu, but Kurt was right- the burgers were delicious.

"Well, make a shopping list and we'll go grocery shopping tomorrow. We'll see how good a cook you are."

After dinner, we went back home and I got to work on my shopping list, which was extensive, while Kurt retired to bed. I watched him shuck out of his jeans, mesmerized by the swing of his big dick, knowing I would soon be lying next to him, maybe even held by him. 

I shook myself back to reality. What was I doing fantasizing about my uncle? There was no way I could have the relationship I was imagining with him. It was wrong. It was impossible, and he would never agree to it. Still, I couldn't get him, or his big cock, out of my head.

Once I had my list finished, I decided to retire for the night. My cleaning had worn me out, and my dinner made me sleepy. Standing at the side of the bed, I kicked off my shoes, pulled off my socks and shucked out of my jeans. Again, I remained dressed in my t-shirt and boxers. I climbed gently into bed next to Kurt, who didn't stir. He was lying on his back, and I lay on my side facing him. I tried to sleep, but my mind kept going back to his cock and the knowledge I now had of his bisexuality.

Against my better judgement, I pushed my hand beneath the covers and felt for his cock. It was soft, but thick and spongy. I played with it, amazed when it grew larger and harder in my hand. I stroked it softly when it was hard, wondering just how big it was.

I decided to take a chance and said his name. There was no response. I gently pulled the covers down, exposing the monster cock to the warm air, and repositioned myself so I could go further. I moved in above Kurt's groin and hesitantly took the big head of his cock into my mouth. He was much bigger than I had imagined, and the experience of sucking such a large dick only spurned me on. I slowly swallowed as much as I could, knowing I could never swallow it all. 

I sucked him slowly, not wanting the experience to end too quickly, taking my time. I also didn't want to make any sudden movements and wake him. I slid my lips up and down his shaft, swirled my tongue around the head on the up stroke. My jaw soon ached from being stretched open so wide. After several minutes, he ejaculated into my mouth and I strained to swallow his cum, losing a little out the corners of my mouth. Cleaning up the mess, I regretfully lay his still hard cock down on his belly and covered him up. 

No sooner than I repositioned myself in the bed, Kurt stirred and pulled in close to me, his hard cock pressed against my backside. Satiated, with the taste of him still lingering in my mouth, I fell into a deep sleep.