 I was lying in bed, awakened when Kurt got up to visit the bathroom. When he returned, he snuggled in behind me, his ample cock pressed against my ass. It took me little time to realize he was getting hard, dry humping his cock between my ass cheeks.

"Good morning, stud," I purred when he kissed the back of my neck.

"I didn't wake you, did I?" he whispered into my ear, thrusting his hips forcefully.

I didn't answer. With one hand, I grabbed his hard cock and guided it to my hole. Kurt thrust forward gently, pushing into me. Lying in the dark, wrapped in warmth, I felt him slowly enter me until his massive cock was completely buried inside me.

He took his time fucking me, alternating between long slow strokes and deep grinds. I felt myself wash away with the feeling of him inside me. All I wanted in that moment was to have him inside me all the time, fucking my ass for eternity. As he came closer and closer to his orgasm, his strokes quickened, and he lifted my leg to give him better access. I folded the leg around the back of his hip, and he plowed into me. Once more we were one, working together to pleasure the cum out of his cock and into my ass. After a final thrust, he emptied himself into me, then slowly, gently fucked my used hole a while longer before pulling out.

He lay on his back while I shifted to lie on my stomach so none of his cum would leak from my stretched-out hole. I rested my head on his chest, and he curled an arm around me, both of us staring into the dark of the room.

"How's school?" he asked me. I rubbed my hand across his strong, hairy chest, attempting to memorize every nuance.

"It's school," I answered. The truth was, for the first time in my life, school was actually easy for me. My old school was months ahead of my new school's curriculum, so I was breezing through my homework and tests like a freaking genius. The only real problem was the students had all known each other from kindergarten, and I had never felt more like an outsider.

"There has to be at least one guy you could make friends with."

"There is one guy," I admitted, "He's kind of an outsider, I guess. He dresses in black all the time, and he has a safety pin piercing his left ear. A good-looking guy, but definitely weird."

"Weird can be fun," I heard him say, "You're not exactly the most normal kid. I mean, you are fucking your uncle."

"I suppose you're right," I muttered, moving to get up and make the morning coffee, running into a wall on the way. I padded into the kitchen and flipped on the light, which nearly blinded me. You don't really know darkness until you've lived in the country. With practiced precision, I had the coffee pot set up and running. Accomplishing that, I made my way back to Kurt, who was still lying in bed. 

"So, what are we doing today?" I asked, excitedly. It was our first Saturday together, and after a week of cleaning house, cooking dinner and doing laundry, I was anxious to go do something. Kurt came home exhausted from work all week and our morning fuck session was only the third time we had sex. I needed something to break up the monotony or I was going to go stark raving mad.

"I thought we could go into town and watch the new Star Wars movie," he told me, playing with my hair as I sat next to him on the bed, "Then maybe do a little shopping, maybe get you a phone."

"Then I could text you my dirty thoughts during the day," I laughed, "What else am I going to do with a phone?"

"There's still the chance that you might make a friend."

"I'm too busy for friends," I said waving my hand around the house, "Besides, I have you."

"The house doesn't need to be spotless, and I want you to have friends. You need to interact with guys your own age. You need to experiment."

"Are you suggesting I have sex with other guys?"

"I'm saying that I don't own your ass. If you find something with a guy your own age, a guy you can be open and honest with the world with, maybe even marry, then you should. What we have is great, but it's not sustainable. We can't be a couple that lives happily ever after. You need to realize that."

I considered what he was saying, then got up and started the shower running, inviting him to join me. He crawled out of bed and we showered, taking turns soaping each other up before rinsing off. It was fun and erotic at the same time, leaving me with a raging hard-on.

"We need to do something about that," Kurt told me, slapping at my hard cock playfully, "You drain my balls, but you're not getting off."

He was right. Aside from the first time he fucked me, causing me to cum all over myself, I hadn't busted a nut in a week. I considered masturbating in the afternoon, while Kurt was still at work, but what I wanted was to have sex with my uncle.

"I guess I could start diving into your porn collection in the afternoon," I said, feeling like I had just been chastised.

"At least you would be getting off."

We got dressed, then fueled up on coffee and grits. On the way out of the house, we kissed, knowing we couldn't do that again until we returned. 

The drive into town was quiet, but there was the promise of some sun. It rained a lot in the Big Thicket, sometimes even when it's sunny out, and I was quickly growing tired of the nearly constant rain. Kurt assured me there were more sunny days in our future, especially in Summer, but I only half believed him.

We got our tickets early, then walked around the mall, window shopping. At a bookstore, we went in, and I found a couple of graphic novels and a science fiction novel to occupy my time with. Bag in hand, we returned to the theater, ordered our popcorn and cokes, then found an acceptable seat. The theater was nearly empty, with no one sitting close by.

About halfway through the movie, I felt Kurt's hand on my crotch, He rubbed and squeezed my cock to erection, then unzipped my fly and pulled it free. He was acting nonchalant as he tugged on my hard-on, playing with it more than masturbating me. A thumb across the top of the head let us both know I was leaking precum like a faucet.

Looking around us to be sure we were still isolated from the rest of the thin crowd, he leaned over my lap and took my throbbing eight incher into his mouth. The feeling of his soft lips and warm tongue wrapped around my cock was exquisite, and I suddenly understood why the straight guys at my old school were willing to let me suck them off. I was in heaven, watching the movie while Kurt pleasured me. 

I squirmed in my chair as the sensation of my pleasure washed over me, thrusting my cock upward to push the head into Kurt's throat, causing him to cough instinctively as he gagged on it. For a guy who had never sucked a dick before, he was pretty good at it. I placed a hand on his short, curly hair, then lowered it to feel his fuzzy cheek and jaw flex as he sucked.

Mischievously, I carefully bent my upper torso downward and whispered "Milkshake" to him, reminding him of my cock sucking lesson. The suction around my cock increased and within a few more strokes of his velvety lips and tongue, I was shooting a heavy load into his mouth, washing me away with an intense orgasm. His head stilled as he greedily swallowed my cum, pumping my cock a few more times with his lips to milk my sensitive cock of every drop.

Kurt sat up and returned his attention to the movie while I fastened up my pants. I reached for his crotch, but he pushed my hand away.

"That was about you," he whispered in my ear, "You're not the only one who wants a hard cock."

I enjoyed the movie, and not just because of the blow job. If I were allowed, I'd be the biggest sci-fi geek that ever lived. Sharing the experience with Kurt was just icing on the cake. I loved my uncle, for the usual reasons, but my affection for him was growing in leaps and bounds since I moved in with him.

After the movie, we headed to the food court for lunch. I chose chicken teriyaki and fried rice from the Chinese restaurant while Kurt settled with some spaghetti from the Italian place. 

"How open are you to experimenting?" Kurt asked me, wiping spaghetti sauce from his lips and beard.

"You mean sexually?" I asked. He nodded. "I'm pretty open, why?"

"Just something I've been thinking about."

"Like what? It doesn't involve women, does it?"

"It's a secret until I know I can pull it off."

He changed the subject and we continued talking, even after we were finished eating and doing more window shopping to walk off some of our lunch, but I couldn't stop wondering what kind of surprise he might have in mind. I mean, fucking is fucking, right?

Before leaving for home, Kurt bought me a new laptop that folded into a pad, probably because I was always using his when he wanted it. It rained again on the way back, but then the sun came out and it almost warmed up a little. The fire in the iron stove had died out, so Kurt worked on starting a new fire while I unboxed my new computer and went through the motions of setting it up. We went to Astro Café for dinner, and I was met with a withering look when Sherry learned it was my cooking that was keeping her from flirting with Kurt. I smiled at her sweetly, reminding myself it would be me he was fucking tonight, and not her.

We headed for bed early, giving us plenty of time to fuck. It started with a kiss that prolonged itself from the living room, where Kurt built up the fire, to the bedroom, where we started peeling out of our clothes, locking lips whenever possible. Kurt seemed especially turned on, so I was anticipating a thorough fucking.

His cock was semi-hard, bouncing slightly from his heartbeat. I dove to my knees and took him into my mouth, working at swallowing him whole. It was something I knew I could only do while he had a pliable semi. At full staff, he was just too thick to shove down my throat.

"Oh, shit!" he exclaimed, "no one has ever done that before."

I continued deep throating him until he was fully erect and could no longer manage it. He pulled me off him and my ass spasmed with excitement. To my surprise, he got on his knees and took my cock into his mouth, working it over with soft strokes, trying to return the favor and swallow me whole. He accomplished it once before choking and gave up. Reaching into the nightstand for the lube, he tossed the bottle to me.

"You're up, slugger," he announced.

I looked at the bottle then back at him, confused. He got on the bed and lay face down, presenting me with his lean, muscular ass. I quickly put two and two together. Uncle Kurt wanted me to fuck him!

I took the lube and crawled in between his legs, taking stock of his beautiful ass. It was hairy, especially in the crack, well formed. I lubed up my fingers and pressed my index inside him. I noticed him wince.

"You've never done this before, have you?" I asked him, slowly finger fucking his tight, hairy hole.

"You know I haven't," he answered, "But I've always wanted to."

"Why now?" I wondered aloud, "Why me?"

"I wanted my first time to be with someone special," he answered, "And you're the first person I've ever been this open with."

I lubed his ass some more and pushed two fingers into him, fucking his little hole as deeply as I could. 

"You haven't done this either, have you?" Kurt asked me, looking at me over his shoulder.

"No, I haven't."

"Have you ever fantasized about it?"

"Not really," I shrugged, "I'm more of a bottom."

"Tonight, you become a man," he smiled, "A full-fledged homosexual."

I could feel his sphincter grip my fingers tightly, then give up. I added a third, stretching him out as much as possible before giving him what he wanted. I was nervous, hoping I was good at something I had never done before.

I lubed up my cock and positioned myself above Kurt's body, holding myself up with one arm as I used the other hand to guide my cock into place. I blindly pressed the head of my cock between his ass cheeks, but I failed to find the hole. I tried again, and again I failed. Kurt reached back and grabbed my cock. I now used both hands to keep me above Kurt as he guided my cock to its target. 

I pushed into him, feeling the tight warmth grip my cock, stroking it as I entered him. He moaned as I slowly sank into him, sliding as deep into him as I could.

"How are you doing?" I asked, lowering myself down to my elbows to whisper in his ear.

"I'm good," he answered, "Just don't go too fast too soon."

I started out fucking him deeply, giving him a chance to get used to having a cock in his ass. Then I started giving him a long slow stroke, since it was my favorite way to get fucked. I could feel my excitement mount as my cock was pleasured by his tight ass ring, and uncontrollably began fucking him hard. I was coming close to cumming, so I pulled out abruptly. He looked back at me.

"Roll over," I told him as forcefully, as manly as I could.

He flipped onto his back and shimmied across the bed into his place. I leaned over him, my hard cock throbbing for release, and put his ankles on my shoulders. I pressed into him again, quickly bottoming out. His hole wasn't as tight as it had been, but it was still tight enough to please me. I wanted to fuck him, to cum inside him, but I wanted to look him in the eyes when I did.

I started fucking him again, then made eye contact. I smiled at him, and he smiled back at me. Looking down at his cock, I saw he was hard and leaking a lot of precum. I drilled him hard, fucking him with all my worth, then buried my cock deep inside him as a powerful orgasm shook through me and I unloaded my seed deep in his hairy ass, collapsing on top of him.

Once I caught my breath and regained my senses, I crawled on top of him, planting his familiar ten inches in my ass and began bouncing on his cock, ramming him into me. In a quick move, he pinned me to the bed and began fucking me hard, his cock like a piston in my ass, working toward his own release. He came in me with an animal grunt, then kissed me softly.

"Thank you," he told me, "That was ever bit as good as I imagined it would be."

We lay together for a while, then slowly drifted into sleep. I did feel different, more of a man, and hoped we would get to share the fucking duties in the future.