 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

"You look happy," Kurt said as I hummed while serving him spaghetti for dinner.

"Of course, I'm happy," I said, giving him a kiss on his hairy cheek, "Today was my day with Max."

"Oh, I see." He took a swig of his iced tea, mulling something over in his mind. "Explain to me again how that works."

"One week either Seth or I have him Monday, Wednesday and Friday, while the other has him Tuesday and Thursday, The following week, our days alternate." It was simple, and Max was loving the attention. Not only was he getting plenty of cock, but he always had a ride to and from school, not to mention something to eat for lunch. 

"That has to be the weirdest arrangement I've ever heard of."

"The weird part is that it's made Seth and I friends. We have a common interest. He even broke things off with his girlfriend to commit fully to our arrangement." Kurt was already aware of that. Having a truck for transportation, Seth would come over on weekdays to work out on the secondhand weight set Kurt got me, or play video games. We were fast and true friends. "Which brings me to something I wanted to ask you about. I was thinking about having a sleepover with Max on Friday. Would that be okay with you?"

"I suppose you'd want to fuck?" Kurt asked as I sat down to eat.

"Well, duh," I answered sarcastically, "I thought we both could."

"What?" he asked in a growl, holding his fork of spaghetti in midair.

"There's nothing Max loves more than cock, and when he gets a gander of your big fucker, he's going to be all over you like a duck on a June bug."

"That sounds risky, Parker. What if he figures out we're fucking?"

"That won't happen, especially if we just focus on him."

"Alright, but be sure to clear it with his mom. I don't want her thinking something happened to him and catch me with my cock up her son's ass."

I had to wait until Wednesday to ask Max to stay the night on Friday, filling him in on my plan for a three-way with my uncle, promising him plenty of sex. He was excited about the whole plan, but Seth wasn't. 

"What the fuck are you playing at?" he growled at me after Phys Ed class, "Weekends are off the table, and you know it."

"I have all day on Friday, as do you. As long as we stop before midnight, I am within the rules of our arrangement."

"I hadn't thought about that," he backed down, "So I could invite him over for the night next weekend, if I want?"

"Yes, you can, buddy," I said with a smile and a slap on the chest, "Yes, you can."

Friday arrived and I was floating on cloud nine. I could barely focus on what was happening in my classes. Max and I spent our lunch break at the bleachers, and I sucked him off before we ate. Seth was actually excited for me when I saw him in Gym class, describing my idea as the best I had ever had. He couldn't wait until next weekend.

I picked up Max in the parking lot, the engine of my car idling patiently for him to arrive. When he got in the car, I had to restrain myself from speeding home, then calmed down when he told me we had to stop by his house to pick up his overnight bag. 

No sooner than we were at the cabin was my tongue in Max's mouth, clothes being pulled off quickly in our excitement. It was like we were on honeymoon. I positioned him on the couch and tongued his ass, something Kurt had done to me the previous weekend to my great approval. Then I entered him, hunching over him on the couch, in an awkward missionary position, fucking his sweet little ass with all I had, but taking my time at busting a nut. Wrapping his legs around my waist, I told him to hold on and picked him up to fuck him upright. We soon found a rhythm, impaling his ass with my cock with every stroke. He screamed and moaned, and I kissed him deeply to silence him. He crawled off me and I sat down on the couch, allowing him to ride me until I couldn't hold off any longer and came inside him.

With my spent cock still rock hard, he sucked me lazily. When Kurt got home, I was sitting on the couch, trying not to blow my load with Max on his knees in front of me. Kurt wasted no time stripping out of his clothes to join me on the couch, offering his big cock to Max, who slid off my lap to take care of business.

"You've trained him well," Kurt told me, approving of Max's oral skills. 

After a few minutes of sucking Kurt's cock, he switched back to me and told Kurt to fuck him. I watched as Kurt knelt behind Max and started filling his tiny ass with that long, fat cock. It was amazing to watch, seeming impossible when Kurt bottomed out balls deep, and I was sure I'd bust my nut when Kurt started fucking him. I love everything about that man's big cock. Max took Kurt's cock like a champ, leaving me to wonder just how big Seth was. I knew from seeing him naked in the locker room that his was big, but I had no first hand experience with just how big he was.

Kurt fucked Max's ass long and deep, his big pole sliding out nearly to the head before ramming back into him. With a grunt, he increased his tempo, causing Max to look up at me deliriously and smile, my hard cock being neglected. As soon as Kurt came and withdrew, I took his place, fucking Max's ass hard, with the intent of finally unloading my second nut inside him. When Max got up, I noticed the large puddle of cum on the hard wood floor and realized one of us brought him to orgasm.

Afterward, we all showered together, with a lot of touching and soaping up of each other's bodies going on. Dressed, we headed out to the truck and piled in together. Sitting in the middle, Max's hands found their way into our laps, teasing us on the way to the diner. He was clearly as down as we were in our three-way activities. Max clapped excitedly when we pulled into the parking lot of the Astro Café.

"I've never eaten here before," he told us.

"Never?" I asked incredulously. The Café was closer to his house than ours.

"We never eat out," he explained, "Mother says we can't afford it."

"Fuck that!" Kurt exclaimed, "Get in the truck. We're going to the steak house."

Max continued to play with our crotches on the long drive to the steak house. Once there, we got a booth and Max and I sat across from Kurt, where he continued to discreetly play with my hard bulge. By the time our food was served, I was ready to fuck him right there on the table. Fortunately, his meal distracted him- and his hands.

The ride back was torture. I kept a smile on my face and gritted my teeth while Max resumed playing with our crotches. No sooner than we were in the house was I undressing Max, bending him over the bed to fuck him before I was completely undressed. A naked Kurt took over for me so I could get myself naked, then I pulled Max onto the bed with me, encouraging him to ride my cock. Kurt lubed up his cock and climbed into bed, moving in behind Max. First, I felt his hand, then the head of his cock pushing into Max's ass. His cock slid up the underside of my cock as we both filled Max's ass to the limit.

"Oh, my God!" Max screamed, "Oh, God, yes! Fuck me, guys!"

Kurt's cock was sliding up and down the underside of mine, hitting my sweet spot just below the head of my cock. He was essentially jacking me off in a slow, tortuous way. I tried to fuck, but I was pinned beneath the two of them, so I just focused on staying inside Max and let Kurt do the work. 

As Kurt continued fucking max and milking my cock, my balls began churning with a new load and I knew it wouldn't take long before I hit my orgasm. He fucked in a slow, deliberate way, and I strained to shoot my load, the torture being too much for me to handle. My climax mounted like a slow climb up a steep hill.

"I'm cumming!" I warned them both, just as I shot my load. Kurt stroked my cock a few more times and seized up. His cum mixed with mine and poured out of Max's stretched out hole as we withdrew from him, coating my nut sack with our jizz.

"Alright, you two, get out," Kurt instructed us, "Go fuck in the living room so I can get some sleep."

We retreated to the living room, watching Kurt close the sliding doors and set up a movie to watch. We didn't bother dressing, but we cuddled together in front of the TV. After the movie was over, Max insisted we have sex again. 

I fucked him in a long, slow screw, giving him as much cock as I could, hoping to satisfy him. I wasn't sure I could cum again, but my climax finally came, and I emptied myself once more inside him. Once I caught my composure, I sucked him off, exhausted and worn out. We slept on the floor, with Max in my arms, awakened in the morning by Kurt setting up the coffee pot.

I took Max home after breakfast, kissing him good-bye in the car, then returned home. As I pulled up to the house, I spotted Seth's truck coming up behind me. He screeched to a halt next to my car.

"He here?" he asked me, getting out of the truck.

"No, my uncle is helping a friend build a chicken coop."

"That's not the he I was talking about, asshole," he walked right up to me and gave me a big bear hug, lifting me off the ground.

"Max is at home," I laughed, "I just got back."

He looked around, then gave me a good look.

"Want some company? I still haven't beaten you at that game."

"And you never will. You may be an excellent athlete, but you suck at video games."

"If I beat you, I get to fuck you." He winked and gave me a crooked smile.

"And if I beat you, I get to fuck you?"

"Hell, no! Nobody fucks me."

"Alright, then if I beat you, you have to invite me over to your sleepover next weekend."

"Shit!" He considered my proposition, then agreed.

I deliberately let him win. I might be all fucked out, but because Kurt and I spent the night fucking Max, I didn't get any dick myself, and my ass was itching for a thorough fucking. I doubted I'd get that from Seth, but he'd do until I could get Kurt's cock inside me again.

"Woo hoo!" He shouted, jumping to his feet from a seated position on the floor, flexing his muscles like a champion.

I reached up and pulled at his belt to get at his dick. I had waited long enough to find out just how big Seth was, and now I was going to have my prize. He settled down as soon as he realized what was happening, helping me get his pants down to his knees. He was still flaccid, and I slipped his limp seven inches into my mouth and down my throat, sucking him to erection.

Pulling off his cock a moment to admire it, I estimated him to be about the same length of Kurt's ten inches, only not as thick. Returning to sucking his cock, I swallowed it to the root, feeling my throat stretch around it.

"Holy shit!" he breathed as he grabbed the back of my head and pumped his cock in my throat a few times. I held my breath as long as I could before pulling off him to breathe. Sucking him in again, I let him fuck my face with his big cock, choking on it a couple of times when I tried to breathe with a throat full of dick. "Take your clothes of," he instructed me, "You're not getting away with just a blow job, no matter how good it is. I've been wanting to fuck you for a long time now."

I stripped out of my clothes and lay on my stomach in the bed. He crawled on top of me and pushed his cock inside. It felt so good to be full of dick again. I loved fucking, but nothing beats a good ass fucking.

He lay on top of me, lazily fucking my hole with short, grinding strokes, like he was trying to get as much of his cock in me as he could. After a while, he propped himself up on his hands and began pile driving into me. I screamed as he pistoned his cock deep with violent thrusts, my mind cloudy with increasing desire.

With a last downward stroke, he held still, then pulled me onto my side. Knowing the position, I wrapped my leg backward around his waist, opening my hole up to him. He took full advantage and fucked me with fast, deep strokes. I was out of my mind, screaming his name, as he pushed me closer and closer to orgasm. I didn't think I had it in me, but my cock was leaking precum and I felt little orgasmic ripples float through by body. With one last thrust, deep and hard he was cumming inside me as I was washed away in a dry orgasm that shook through my body like an earthquake. We lay like that for a while, his cock buried inside me, his lips kissing my shoulder tenderly. I felt a connection to him I had never felt to anyone before. Maybe it was because we had become such close friends. Maybe it was just the afterglow of the most powerful orgasm I had ever had. Either way, our relationship to each other was forever changed. At least, as far as I was concerned.

Seth left for home and Kurt came home shortly afterward. I told him everything that happened, even trying to explain how I now felt about him. 

"Well, I guess you won't be needing me tonight," he smiled with a knowing look on his face.

"I will always need you."