 I discreetly stalked my potential new friend for a week, learning everything I could from a distance. I learned his name was Max by sitting at the back of the class in the one subject we shared together. I learned he never went into the cafeteria at lunch, preferring to sit at one of the picnic tables in the courtyard. It took me three days to realize he didn't eat lunch. He sat in the sun and read, usually a comic book. Some days, he didn't show at all, leaving me wondering where he had disappeared to. The mystery that was Max was one I was eager to solve.

The weekend I went on Christmas break, I was sitting in the living room, watching Teen Titans on television when the phone suddenly rang. It scared the crap out of me because I had never heard its shrill sound before, deafening in the quiet cabin. Only half noticing it when I cleaned the house from top to bottom after I first arrived, I paid it little attention, assuming it was just a relic from the days before cells.

"Hello?" I asked into the handset.

"Hey, kiddo!" It was Kurt. "We're going out tonight, so don't cook."

"What's the occasion?" I asked curiously. Lately, we almost always ate in.

"I have a buddy coming over tonight," he answered. I could almost hear a smile on his face. "We're celebrating, so dress up, and leave me some hot water."

"Will do," I promised. He hung up without saying good-bye, a habit I would eventually learn was deeply engrained in him.

I finished watching my show, then took a shower, dressing in a sweater and new jeans. Returning to the living room, I waited for Kurt to come home by reading one of my graphic novels. The story was pretty pedestrian, but the art was top class.

Kurt came home, gave me a quick kiss, full tongue, like he missed me badly, and started stripping out of his clothes. I followed him silently into the bedroom, watching his strip. I could not get enough of seeing his big flaccid cock swinging wildly in front of his buff, hairy body.

"Need something?" he asked, crooking an eyebrow at me.

"Nope, just enjoying the show." He laughed and entered the bathroom. I returned to my book.

A few minutes later, as Kurt was dressing, there was a knock on the front door. I opened it and found a strikingly handsome young man standing on our porch. He had dirty blonde hair that curled upward under his baseball cap, with a matching Van Duke that looked like it needed a trim, and pale blue eyes that looked me up and down in an approving manner. He was tall and lanky, dressed in a soft blue flannel under an old denim jacket with jeans that matched.

"Well, hello there," he smiled at me, his teeth ridiculously white, "You must be Parker."

"I am," I heard myself say, my voice croaking through a suddenly dry mouth.

"I'm Bobby," he told me, offering his hand in greetings, "Is the old man ready yet?"

"Almost, I think," I said, shaking his hand. I stepped aside to let him in, getting a good look at his firm ass as he passed by. I may have only been fucking Kurt for a little while, but I knew a nice ass when I saw one.

Kurt came out of the bedroom and greeted Bobby. They slapped each other on the shoulder and shook hands enthusiastically. There was excitement in the air, but I had no idea why.

Without a word, the three of us headed out, confirming that we would all take Kurt's truck into town. That meant that I would have to sit in the middle, scrunched in between two hot men. That concerned me, knowing I would have a raging hard-on long before we arrived at the restaurant, and no room in my tight jeans to hide it.

Outside, I caught a glance of Bobby's car. It was a black 1967 Chevy Impala, the same kind of car that Dean Winchester drives in Supernatural. I had to look it over, checking out its perfect interior, following the clean lines of the body.

"Like it?" Bobby asked, smiling like a proud dad.

"I love it!" I told him, "She's a pretty girl."

"She's yours," I heard Kurt say. I spun around to look at him with shock.

"Don't fuck with me, Uncle Kurt."

"I'm not fucking with you, kiddo. I bought it a couple of weeks ago, then had Bobby give it a good going over."

"She runs like a tank," Bobby told me, tossing me the keys.

I ran to the driver's side, then sat behind the wheel, running my hands over the steering wheel, just imagining the places we would go together. Getting out again, I ran to Kurt and threw my arms around him, hugging him deeply.

"Thank you," I told him, "I've never been given a better present."

We all climbed in and I drove the three of us to the restaurant, following Kurt's directions, as I had never been to the steak house. Inside, we got a booth, and I ended up sitting next to Bobby. The waitress took our orders, and the guys were suddenly very happy I was driving, freeing them to drink with their meal. I ordered iced tea.

The guys each ordered steak, rare, which grossed me out, and I ordered the baby back ribs. Conversation was centered on gossiping about the guys at work with stories ending with eruptions of laughter. At one point, I felt Bobby's hand on my crotch, giving the hardening mound in my jeans a good kneading. Later, after the meal was served, he placed my hand on his crotch. There was something big there, and I ended up leaving the restaurant pulling my sweater down to try and conceal my woody.

After we had eaten, and they were feeling good, we climbed back into the car and I drove home. There was no discussion about taking Bobby to his place. Not that I minded. I was enjoying myself and didn't want the night to end, but it was a Friday, which meant I was going to get some dick, or a piece of ass, or both. They may be buzzed, but I was excited and ready to get down to business, and Bobby's teases weren't making things any easier.

Inside, I put a few more logs in the wood burning stove and followed the guys into the bedroom, where they had wandered. I was surprised to find them both taking off their clothes.

"Get naked," Kurt ordered me. I looked back and forth between the two of them for a second or two before it dawned on me that we were going to have sex together.

"Hell, yeah!" I exclaimed, kicking off my shoes and pulling my sweater over my head at the same time. It wasn't a race to see who could undress quickest, but if it had been, I would have won. I was hard as a rock and naked as a newborn before they were out of their pants.

I watched Bobby undress, curious about the big lump I felt in the restaurant. When he unleashed the python from his jeans, I nearly passed out. Crowned with brown pubic hair, Bobby's cock was even bigger than Kurt's, and that was saying something. At least eleven inches long, and growing thicker as it grew hard. I fell to my knees in the middle of the room and thanked the gay gods for my good fortune. I had found the cure for my unending horniness, and both men walked up to me and offered me their joysticks.

I started sucking Bobby's cock because I had not yet tasted him, then switched to Kurt's because he was waiting patiently, stroking Bobby slowly so he wouldn't lose interest. For several minutes I alternated between the two until Kurt moved away, retrieving the bottle of lube from the bedside table. Bobby pulled me to my feet when Kurt tossed him the bottle and sat on the edge of the bed, offering his cock to me while Bobby lubed up the big fucker between his legs.

My face was full of cock and I was greedily sucking off my uncle in soft, sloppy strokes, not wanting him to cum too soon. I planned on getting fucked by both of them before the night was through. Bobby lined himself up with my ass, sticking a lubed finger inside me to prime the pump, then pushed the head of his cock into me. My ass quickly puckered up against the assault, feeling like it was being stretched to its limit. Bobby pushed deeper, and deeper still. Kurt's cock dropped from my lips as I moaned loudly with the feeling of being filled and stretched in ways I had not imagined.

I resumed to sucking Kurt's cock when Bobby began fucking me. I had one cock in my mouth and another in my ass. It was a dream come true. At some point I reached down to play with myself and realized I was leaking a puddle of precum. Kurt must have noticed because he slipped under me and took my cock into his mouth. The pleasure I was receiving now, with a big cock in my ass and a pair of lips wrapped around my aching, needy cock was indescribable. Soon, without any control on my part, I shot a healthy load of cum into Kurt's mouth, nearly screaming with my release.

"My turn," Kurt insisted, wiping the excess of my cum from his lips and getting to his feet. He placed me on the bed, where he had been sitting, and bent over me, taking my still hard cock into his mouth again. Bobby moved in behind Kurt and started slipping his cock into Kurt's ass. I could tell by the way Kurt was gripping my thighs that there was some initial pain, not that he would show it. He wanted Bobby's cock too bad to complain about momentary pain, and I knew exactly how he felt.

As Kurt was working over my cock, I watched Bobby fuck my uncle. He looked at me and smiled, sharing a wink. It was so hot watching Bobby fuck Kurt. It was like being in a porno, live and in person. After a few minutes, Bobby pulled out.

"Get over here, kid," Bobby told me.

I did as I was directed and moved in behind Kurt. His ass was gaping and slick with lube and precum. I stuffed his hole with my cock and began fucking my uncle as Bobby moved in behind me and slipped his cock back up my chute. Now I was fucking Kurt while I fucked myself with Bobby's big dick. It didn't take long before I was cumming again, shooting my load in my uncle's ass. I nearly collapsed from the force of the orgasm.

With me out of commission, Bobby and Kurt got onto the bed and Bobby mounted Kurt in a missionary position, fucking Kurt's ass with the ferocity of a man who simply wanted- needed- to shoot his load. With a final thrust, Bobby spilled his seed in Kurt's ass just as Kurt started cumming on his own, hands free. I smiled, glad Kurt and I had a shared experience. Satiated, we lay on the bed together, arms and legs intertwined, and fell asleep.

As I lay there between the two men, I realized there had been no kissing, no show of intimacy. I had no doubt that my uncle loved me, he proved that when he took me in, but I began to realize that he was serious when he told me our messing around wasn't a forever thing. We would one day drift apart and go our way, but for now, we had each other, and maybe he now had Bobby too.

In the morning, we had sex again, with both Bobby and Kurt taking turns fucking me. After, I made breakfast, then drove Bobby home while Kurt did the dishes. On the way back home, I saw Max sitting on the steps of a dilapidated single wide trailer on a lot that needed some upkeep and wondered about him, swearing to myself that I would solve the mystery of him if it killed me. Kurt had a friend, and now I would have one of my own.