 Christmas was a great day. After making love, Kurt showered me with gifts, replacing all the electronics my father refused to let me take with me, and surprised me with a replica dildo of his ten inch cock. Now I could have his dick inside me whenever I wanted it, especially when he was too tired to even think about sex. I didn't know how he found the time to shop, much less make a silicone replica of his wang, but I suspected Bobby had something to do with it. 

Returning to school, I continued my quest to make a friend of Max. I realized he might not eat lunch because he was too poor to afford it, given the state of the trailer I saw him sitting in front of, along with his own wiry frame, so, with Kurt's encouragement, I packed two sandwiches in my sack lunch and anxiously waited for the lunch bell to ring.

I saw him sitting alone at one of the picnic tables and approached him. My hands were sweaty, and I had so many butterflies in my stomach that I wasn't sure I'd be able to eat myself. He looked up at me with a scowl when I stood too long in front of him.

Up close, I could see just how handsome he was. His hair was so black it highlighted blue in the sun, which was in stark contrast to his pale complexion of milky white skin. He had soulful eyes of deep brown with flecks of hazel around the iris, and pert cupid's bow lips. I automatically wondered what they would look like wrapped around my cock.

"Need something?" he asked in a voice like a cello with an attitude.

"What comic are you reading?" I asked, feeling a little lightheaded, probably from all the blood rushing to my head because my heart was beating so fast.

"Avengers."

"You always read Marvel? I'm a DC man, myself."

"Good for you."

I sat down across the table from him.

"I like Spiderman, but mostly the movies," I ventured, unpacking my lunch and placing a sandwich in front of him, "Of course all the Marvel movies are great. I just never got into the comics."

"What are you doing?" he asked me, "And what is this?" He held up the sandwich.

"I'm making a friend," I smiled at him, "Which is weird because I'm the new guy, and you'd think everyone would be fighting to get to know me. Not in this place. And that is a sandwich. It's made of beef roast I cooked yesterday. I noticed you don't eat lunch, and you really should. That sugar rush you got from that bowl of cereal this morning is long gone, and you need the energy to focus on your studies."

Max considered the sandwich while I unpacked a bag of chips and handed him one of the colas I purchased from the vending machine in the cafeteria.

"I like Batman," he told me, unwrapping the sandwich, "The movies, I mean."

We spent the rest of the lunch period talking about comics and movies, then parted ways for our next class.

The following day, I noticed Max walking away from the cafeteria, and I followed, our lunch in hand. It wasn't unusual for him to disappear on some days, and I wanted to know what he was doing. It was probably none of my business, but I just had to know.

When I realized he was heading for the football field, I hung back a bit. It was a wide-open space, and I didn't want to be caught spying on him. Afterall, we had only broken the ice on our friendship.

After I made it to the field, I scanned the bleachers, but saw no one. He had eluded me somehow. Giving up, I headed back, only glancing behind the bleachers as I passed because I caught something out the corner of my eye. It was Max, and he wasn't alone.

The other guy, who I recognized from Phys Ed as Seth Waters, was standing behind him, and it took me a moment to realize Seth was fucking Max. I partially hid behind the concession stand and watch Seth piledrive his cock into Max's ass. I noticed Max turn his head in my direction, then raised his torso a little to see who was watching them, only to have Seth push him back down. I couldn't stop myself from growing hard as Seth used Max like a sex toy. 

With a final thrust, Seth came inside Max, bending over a little from the force of his orgasm. Then he pulled out, tucked his cock back into his pants and slapped Max on the ass before walking away in the opposite direction. Max remained where he was, his naked ass waiting.

Nervously, I approached, hearing the gravel crunch loudly beneath my feet. When I reached Max, who never took his eyes off me, I touched his asshole, slick with Seth's cum. Unfastening my pants, I released my hard cock and pressed into him, filling his tight hole completely. He moaned and I began fucking him. Not the way Seth fucked him, but with some gentleness, some passion. I pulled him up to kiss him, never losing a stroke as we exchanged tongues. I held him to me, ran my hands under his shirt and played with his tiny nipples. I grabbed his cock and stroked him while I banged his willing ass. He shot his load and I kept fucking him, increasing my rhythm as he moaned, then shot my load into him. When I was done, I pulled out and he pulled up his pants, spinning around to catch a look at my dick. 

"That's some dick you have," he smiled at me.

"I've seen bigger," I shrugged.

We climbed the bleachers to eat our lunch. I sat down, straddling the bleacher, and unpacked our lunch.

"I didn't cook last night, so it's cold cuts today. Ham and swiss cheese, to be specific, but it's deli ham, so that's a bonus."

"You don't want to talk about what just happened?" He asked, sounding a little indignant.

"What's to talk about?" I asked with a smile, "Do you think that was the first time I had sex?"

"Oh, I'm quite certain it wasn't your first rodeo, cowboy," he told me, his sandwich still sitting in front of him untouched, "You've had some experience. And you kissed me. The other guys don't kiss."

"I'm pretty sure I'm not like the other guys."

"You're gay." He said it matter of fact, and a little accusatory. I looked around us to be sure there were no eavesdroppers. Nothing but wide-opened spaces.

"And so are you," I hissed back at him.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to out you. But it does change the dynamic. I thought you were just priming me to get in my pants, then you fucked me, and at first, I thought I was right. That is, until you kissed me. What do you want from me?"

"I told you. I want to be friends. I had no idea you were gay until today. Now, I'm glad you are- that we both are- because that gives us even more to talk about."

"So, you really just want to be friends?'

"I really do."

We ate our meal together, gossiping about the guys in school: who had the biggest dick, who was worth fucking, who could be trusted to keep your secret. I was surprised there were so many to choose from. Before we parted for the day, I offered to give him a ride home, and he accepted.

I waited for Max afterschool in the parking lot, sitting on the hood of my car. As I was sitting there, I saw Seth Waters. He had a smirk on his face as he approached me, only barely marring his handsome features.

"It's Parker, right?" he asked me, leaning against my car like we're old friends.

"Yeah," I said, wondering what he wanted. I had never spoken to the guy before. He was wearing a cowboy styled shirt over a tee and a pair of Wranglers that showed his junk off nicely. Under any other circumstances, I'd be turned on by him.

"I saw you the other day," he said matter of fact, "Fucking Max, now?"

"What's it to you?"

"He's my tail," he said, his voice trimmed with warning, "And I don't like sharing."

"Look, Max and I are just friends."

"You fuck all your friends?"

"That depends, do you want to be my friend?"

He laughed, then spit. It wasn't until then that I realized he had a lip full of dip. This guy was all country.

"Maybe," he smiled, noticing Max approaching and preparing to leave, "I'll see you around."

I watched Seth walk away, his bubble butt tightly clad in denim. Max approached and looked at Seth as he climbed into his truck.

"What was that about?" he asked, incredulous.

"He was warning me to stay away from you," I told him honestly, "He considers you all his."

"That's ridiculous," he smirked, "The guy has a girlfriend. Hell, I'm probably not the only guy he's fucking."

"Ready to go?" I asked, ready to change the subject, but unable to get Seth out of my mind. There was no doubt he was hot, and I felt a little jealousy that he was so possessive of Max. The guy clearly had feelings for him, even if he couldn't admit it to himself.

"Is he the only guy you're fucking right now?" I asked Max as he propped a foot on the dash.

"Of course not," he said with a laugh, "I'm down for having sex with any guy who has the balls to ask, why?"

"I was just wondering if there was a reason why he is so possessive of you."

"Oh, that's just how Seth is. He's a selfish lover, and he wants to own what he has. He knows I'm fucking other guys. He just doesn't like it."

"And he has a girlfriend?"

"Yeah," his voice sounded distant, like he was thinking deeply about something, "We used to be friends, years ago, but we grew distant after I started making myself as weird as possible. It's better to be thought of as weird than queer."

"I see," I muttered to myself, peeling back another layer of the mystery that was Max.

I pulled into his driveway, which was just a muddy patch cut into the grass, and killed the engine, meaning to talk with him some more before heading home. He had other plans.

"Wanna come inside?" he asked, opening the door.

"Why not?" I responded, curious about what the inside of the dilapidated trailer looked like.

We got out and crossed the yard, which had been freshly mowed since I last saw it, and we entered the house. The inside was neat and clean, which surprised me for some reason. I followed Max down the narrow hallway to his room, which wasn't as neat and tidy as the rest of the house was, and it was so small, his twin sized bed nearly took up the whole space.

No sooner than we were in the door, Max dropped his backpack and started working on getting my pants off, unbuttoning three of the buttons of my 501s before I knew what was happening.

"No," I told him in a firm voice, "You've already had my dick." I spun him around and pushed him against the wall. "Turnabout is fair play."

Unzipping his pants unleashed his cock, a beautiful nine inch fatty I was not expecting. If his cock was this big, how big was Seth's that Max craved it so much? I sucked him into my mouth, quickly swallowing his cock to the base, something I could not do with Kurt's fat ten inches. I enjoyed myself, but worked harder at giving him pleasure, suckling on his cock like a calf nursing. Within a couple of minutes, he was cumming, filling my mouth with jism so fast I choked on it.

We talked aand made out for a little while, before I had to get home. I still had dinner to make and homework to do. I was frying chicken when Kurt came home, exhausted from work. He pulled a can of beer from the fridge, opened it and took a big gulp from it, then set it down and came up behind me, kissing me on the neck, his beard tickling seductively as he hugged me. Then he disappeared into the bathroom to shower.

"So, how is Project Max going," he asked me as he entered the kitchen. 

"Oh, that," I said nonchalantly, "I fucked him, then I sucked him off."

"You work fast," he laughed, "It took me six years to get into Bobby's pants."

How is that going? You two hooking up on your lunch hour?"

"There may have been a couple of exchanged blow jobs. Why, are you jealous?"

"Fuck yeah, I'm jealous," I told him straddling him to sit in his lap, "I need some dick, too."

"You have Max, kiddo," he said before kissing me on the cheek, "That's the plan. You find someone your own age."

I considered what he told me and knew he was right. I did need a boyfriend, but first I needed to do something about Seth. Max and I couldn't be together until Seth was out of the picture. And that could take some time and patience on my part.