 Please note... literotica usually places stories with incest themes in that category regardless, but note that the tale involves an uncle and a nephew and is a gay male story as well.

****

When Eileen Boland's sister and her husband visited her every summer for a long weekend, it was a pleasant diversion for the now-single mother of a teenage son. Eileen was happy that her son Franklin didn't seem put out by the visits, although the introverted lad seldom complained about anything anyway.

Eileen knew that although she had tried her best for it not to happen, Franklin had turned out to be a Mama's boy, no doubt in part the product of an absent father, but at least Eileen didn't have to worry about her only child running the street and getting into trouble because Franklin was content to spend most of his spare time reading and studying. His few friends were much like he was as well, studious bookworms.

As Eileen and Franklin redid the boy's bedroom so that her sister Sheila and her husband Mac would be more comfortable, she thanked her son for not only helping but putting up with having to move into makeshift sleeping quarters in the otherwise never used room at the other end of the house.

"No, it's fine mother," Franklin assured her. "I enjoy it when Uncle Mac and Aunt Sheila visit too."

The 19 year old college sophomore wasn't lying about enjoying his relatives stay either, but his mother had no idea exactly how much her boy loved it when they came.

Mac and Sheila arrived rather late Friday evening, so after briefly catching up on things they all turned in early. When all the lights went out Franklin waited for a while before heading down the hall to the bathroom, which was near his usual bedroom.

Franklin paused, waiting to bolt into the bathroom should the door of his bedroom open, because the teen didn't want to be caught out in the hall eavesdropping.

Franklin held his breath as he listened, his eyes pointed at the far end of the hall at his parents bedroom, praying that door didn't open either. The boy smiled when he heard the familiar sounds that he so enjoyed, and while it probably wasn't as good as watching it was close.

Besides, Franklin had an imagination so he knew what was causing the squeaking of his bed, the frame groaning and the springs chirping in rhythm as his uncle and aunt made love.

Making love? That might not have been the right word for it because while Aunt Sheila was a sweet and bubbly little lady who was much like her sister - Franklin's Mom, Uncle Mac was a coarse and rough guy who looked like a stereotype of a dock foreman, something he happened to be in real life.

Those gasps and grunts that went along with the bed noises came mostly from Franklin's aunt who the boy pictured was underneath Uncle Mac on the bed, her skinny legs spread wide while the brute - still remarkably muscular and fit in his early 50's - savaged the petite lady.

It was always odd to Franklin that even though his aunt and uncle were visiting someone else's home, that never stopped them from having sex every night, and while they weren't usually real loud, still and all Mom - Sheila's sister - was right down the hall, although the boy suspected that the sex was Uncle Mac's idea and Aunt Sheila had little say in the matter.

The squeaking and grunting was getting louder, and now the sound of the headboard tapping the wall joined the chorus. Meanwhile, out in the hall Franklin's hands were down the front of his baggy pajamas, with his right hand pumping his dick while the other hand held the tissues over his organ. 

Then came the finale; a low moan/groan/roar from Uncle Mac, and along with that came Franklin's orgasm, his knees turning a bit to jelly as he came. After the lad milked himself dry he hurried down the hall to the spare room where he closed the door behind himself and caught his breath.

It was all part of the excitement, the thrill of risking being caught, although if it ever happened that would be a disaster. What would be worse, Franklin wondered as he extracted the gooey tissues from his PJ bottoms, his mother or his Uncle Mac seeing him out in the hall like that? That would break his mother's heart, Franklin knew, but as far as Uncle Mac went the only breaking would be his nephew's nose or jaw.

Franklin had told his best friend Sheldon last year about his audio voyeur adventures during his aunt and uncle's visits, and like he had expected Franklin's friend not only approved but said he was envious.

"I saw your Aunt Sheila," Sheldon offered. "She's a slightly older version of your mother, only with bigger boobs, so I would do her for sure."

"You would do anything and anyone with a pulse, just like me," Franklin had offered in response. "Problem is nobody else has been interested in us."

"True enough, but then there's your uncle," Sheldon replied. "Kind of Bruce Willis meets Clint Eastwood. When I saw him in that tank-top I got instant wood. I don't know how you can stand being around him for long."

"It's not easy," Franklin had said, but it was, and after the teen crawled into bed and turned out the light, he coaxed his pajama bottoms down because he knew that like most nights when his uncle visited, once would not be enough to let him fall asleep.

***

Franklin woke up rather late for him, and when he went out into the hall he heard the sound of the shower running, making the bathroom visit his kidneys were begging for impossible. On the kitchen table was a note in his mother's writing, explaining that she had taken her sister to the mega mall out in Syracuse and they would be back for dinner.

That meant two things to Franklin, the first being that with the women not around he could duck out onto the back porch and pee over the rail, since the yard was not within sight of any neighbors.

The second thing was that the person taking the shower was Uncle Mac, and as Franklin hustled out of sight and waited for his uncle to emerge he could hardly contain his enthusiasm because one of Franklin's favorite things to do was to watch his uncle getting dressed after showering.

Even with the women in the house Uncle Mac was never all that careful about leaving the bedroom door open a bit when he was done showering, almost as if he wanted somebody to look. Franklin had taken his share of peeks over the years, fleeting glimpses that nonetheless were exciting, so the lad grabbed his phone so he could perhaps take a shot of his uncle in the raw.

His first thought would be that he could show a picture to Sheldon to prove that he wasn't kidding about his uncle's body, not that he thought his friend doubted it, but Sheldon and he had a falling out recently so that was out for the time being.

The shower went off and Franklin waited, imaging his muscular uncle pulling the shower curtain back and grabbing a towel. Now that would be a job Franklin would love to have, he mused to himself, getting to dry his uncle off.

Then the squeak of the bathroom door came, and after a few seconds Franklin ducked his head out and looked down the hall to make sure his uncle had gone into the bedroom before padding down the hall with phone in hand, praying that the door would be ajar like always.

It wasn't ajar, it was wide open, and Franklin had to stop abruptly before peeking around the door jamb. There he was, his still moist body naked with a towel in hand and his back to Franklin, blissfully unaware that his nephew was watching him.

Mac's broad back and thick neck rippled with muscles at every slight move, the dusting of hair on his upper back making Franklin shiver. Franklin loved the sight of his uncle's comparatively tiny butt and tree trunk thighs as well, but he wanted Uncle Mac to turn around, just for a second because the disadvantage of the door being open was that the lad was just as visible as his uncle.

Uncle Mac was rubbing the towel over his bald head, his biceps bulging with the effort, as he moved a bit towards the dresser, giving Franklin a brief peek at his profile before turning to face the doorway.

Franklin took a couple of quick pictures and after watching as long as he dared while his uncle's head was under the towel, spun and hurried down the hall, making the trek in record time.

"Oh man, that was risky," the boy mumbled to himself as he went over to the desk and sat down to check and see how the photos came out, his shaking hands making the simple procedure a challenge.

"Shit," the lad said as he looked at the three pictures, none of them very good due to his nervousness.

Still, Franklin still had the memory of actually getting a good look at his uncle completely naked. Mac's massive chest with the mat of hair still mostly black, those bushy armpits and the faded tattoos on those big biceps all combined for an incredible package even if you didn't consider the other part.

"Ah yes, the other part," Franklin sighed to no one as he looked at the picture that had come out best, but while that incredible 'other part' was visible the photo didn't do it justice.

"Ahem."

The clearing of a throat behind him made Franklin jump, causing his to fumble the phone as he glanced back and saw his uncle standing in the doorway with a robe on.

"Oh. Uncle Mac," Franklin said as he tried to recover and keep his eyes fixed on the older man's. "You didn't go with Mom and Aunt Eileen?"

"Shopping at a mall with those two all day?" Mac chuckled. "No thanks. Besides, your mother suggested it might be a good idea for you to spend a day with a positive make influence. That was what she called me."

"Oh."

"Then again, you knew I didn't go with them," Mac continued, and after his nephew hemmed and hawed a minute the older man added. "Didn't you?"

"I - uh..."

"Because I could have sworn that either you or your doppelganger was just down the hall a few minutes ago watching me dry off, or were my eyes playing tricks on me?"

"Cat got your tongue?" Mac asked as the boy squirmed. "Did you like it better with the door open like that or do you prefer peeking through the narrow opening like usual?" 

"You knew?" Franklin asked.

"Of course I did, just like I know that you stand outside the door at night listening to me fuck your aunt."

"But how did you know that?" Franklin whimpered.

"I didn't, not until just now," Mac laughed. "I suspected it because you're a little peeping Tom, or should I saw a Peeping Frankie?"

The lad cringed, not only from being called Frankie but for being exposed like this, and the fact that his mother would soon know how much of a sicko her pride and joy was only made it worse.

"Did you take picture of me with that?" his uncle asked as he nodded towards the phone, his piercing stare chilling the lad.

"Yes sir, three," Franklin admitted. "They came out bad though."

"The first thing you're going to do is get rid of them."

"Yes sir," Franklin responded.

"You didn't send them to your boyfriend did you?" Mac asked as his nephew cleared the photos from his phone.

"No sir - boyfriend?" Franklin asked.

"Yeah, the kid that's always hanging around here? Looks like Harry Potter?" Mac replied, and before the lad could protest he cut him off. "I'm not as dumb as your mother son. I've had you figured out for a while."

Franklin said nothing as he set the phone down, and after he did he swiveled to face his uncle only to jerk his head away when he saw that Uncle Mac's robe was on the floor and he was standing in the doorway with his elbows against the door jams.

"What's the matter son? Not as much fun to look at me like this? You need to hide to get off Frankie?" Mac questioned, and when he got no response he explained. "Look at me nephew. I want you to look at me. Why do you think I've always left the door open? Turn around and look. Be a man for once in your life."

Franklin did as he was told, trying to keep eye contact but failing as he couldn't look at his uncle in the eye after all this. His gaze went to Mac's biceps which the older man was making dance as his elbows pressed against to door jambs, to the toned chest with muscular man boobs and the stomach which while no longer the six pack was still fairly flat, before looking down.

It was incredible, Franklin marveled as he looked at his uncle's penis hanging lazily between his slightly bowed thighs, and the lad concluded it wasn't fair either that one man could not only have such a well toned body but be hung like a horse.

The flaccid uncircumcised organ was as intimidating as its owner, the dark beige organ absurdly thick at the base which was partially obscured by the black curls that surrounded it. Along the vein-riddled shaft the girth tapered down somewhat until it almost came to a point at the tip of the long foreskin, but it still looked almost inhuman to the teen.

"Not so bad for 54, am I?" Mac asked, and Franklin answered with a shake of the head, his eyes rising briefly before going back down.

"Is your dick hard son?"

"Huh? Uh no," Franklin admitted. "Nervous."

"Nervous. About what?"

"Mom. Aunt Sheila."

"What are you nervous about with them? Your mother's not a very good driver but they'll make it back fine," Mac suggested.

"No, I mean them - when you tell Mom what I did? The pictures and the looking at you and all?"

"What pictures? There's no pictures," Mac corrected as his nephew gave him a puzzled look. "As for looking? I don't see any need to mention any of that, do you?"

"No sir," Franklin replied.

"Aren't you going to say thank you?"

"Yes sir. I'm sorry. I won't happen again. Thank you."

"You can do better than that son," Mac suggested.

"I don't understand Uncle Mac."

"Stand up Franklin," Mac directed, and after the lad reluctantly got to his feet his uncle added, "Now strip."

"What?"

"Strip. Get those pajamas off. You aren't going to be needing them," Mac concluded.

"I swear Uncle Mac. I'll never ever do anything like that again," Franklin whimpered, but if anything the lad's whining only made the older man annoyed.

"How would you feel if I came over there and ripped the fucking things off you?" Mac asked. "Get them off, and I won't ask again."

"Please tell me you aren't crying," Mac asked as his nephew took his time in unbuttoning the top.

"I'm not," Franklin sniffed. "It's just that you're being so mean to me. You're scaring me."

"Bullshit. All I'm doing is making you do something you've always wanted to do but didn't have the guts," Mac explained. "Now the bottoms."

"Move your hands away Frankie," Mac said after the PJ's hit the carpet, and as his nephew complied with his order he snickered. "I see that while your old man might not have left you with anything, you did inherit his needle dick."

"I'm as god made me," Franklin declared in a meek voice.

"And you prove he has a sense of humor," Mac retorted as he looked at his nephew's privates that were retreating into his body. "Now get on your knees."

"Now!" Mac emphasized, and after Franklin did he added, "Now come over to me - don't stand up either. Come over just like that."

Franklin's face was crimson as he knee-walked over to his uncle, the cheap carpet burning his bony knees as he got closer and closer to the man blocking the doorway, while Uncle Mac looked down at his nephew with a mixture of repulsion and excitement.

"You'll thank me for this someday," Mac growled. "You had to become a man someday, and there's no time like the present."

"I'll do anything you want," Franklin said as he knelt a couple of feet from his uncle.

"I know that," was his response. "The first thing you can do is stop staring at my feet. That's not what you're interested in, is it?"

Franklin glanced up from Uncle Mac's hairy ankles to what he was wiggling in his direction. His uncle had grabbed his cock by the stump and was wiggling the flaccid hose at him obscenely, the crimson tip of his penis peeking out from his vein riddled foreskin.

"Closer," Mac hissed, and after Franklin crept a bit closer he felt the sting of his uncle's cock as Mac slapped his cheek with the meaty organ a couple of times.

"Now open your mouth," Mac instructed as he retracted the foreskin and pressed the tip of the glans to the boy's lips as if to feed him. "Wider - wider. Keep your hands down on your knees. Just use your mouth and suck on the head for me."

Franklin's lips slid up the plump knob, pushing the rippled foreskin back and he wrapped his mouth around the bulb to suckle on it, unable to control the slurping noise he was making.

"Not bad son," Mac purred as he used his free hand to rub the lad's hair. "Too bad I didn't come down here last night. That way you could have found out what your Aunt Sheila's pussy tastes like. Would you have liked that?"

Franklin shook his head no as best he could with his mouth full, his eyes on the brown wrinkled shaft that his uncle had just let go of.

"Hold my cock with your left hand," Mac ordered, and after his nephew's sweaty hand gripped most of the way around his manhood he added, "Now stroke it while you suck, Spin that hand around and make me big and hard. Move your mouth down and suck me like you do your boyfriend."

With his uncle's hand on the back of his head to encourage him Franklin's lips started to bob up and down the organ, his mouth managing to get a little ways past the flared ridge of the head, and as he followed instructions the boy felt the organ begin to get harder and longer.

"That's it. You know, you aren't a bad cocksucker Frankie," Mac offered as a compliment, and he laughed when he looked down past his nephew's face. "Look up at me."

"I can see you aren't so nervous anymore," Mac suggested as the boy kept sucking sloppily and loudly. "Your little dicklet is hard. Bet you want to jerk yourself off while you give me head. I don't care. Knock yourself out." 

To the older man's surprise, although his nephew cringed at his words that didn't stop him from reaching down with his free hand and sliding his thumb and index finger up and down his pale prong.

While Mac had mocked the size of his nephew's dick, he knew it wasn't all that small and in fact the slender tool was rather cute looking the way it arched upwards in a curve that had it looking up at Mac until it spat out cum all over the carpet between his feet.

"Slow down," Uncle Mac declared as he pulled his erection out of Franklin's mouth and held it upwards. "Lick my balls. Suck them."

"Don't be so timid boy," Mac bellowed after Franklin ducked under the cock to get at the dangling scrotum. "They might be as big as eggs but they won't crack. Suck them like you mean it. That's more like it."

As Franklin nursed on the furry orbs, making snorting noises as he went back and forth, his uncle dropped his cock on the lad's head and covered it with Franklin's unruly scalp, rubbing the hair all over the organ until the old man had enough.

"Time to make a man out of you," Uncle Mac declared as he backed away from Franklin. "I need something that's in our room. Follow me."

Mac's nephew followed his uncle towards the guest room, but on the way Mac gestured to the kitchen table and demanded, "Clear that table off and get your ass up on it."

Franklin looked at the heavy oak table with the various sections of the morning newspaper scattered on it and tried to figure out what his uncle was talking about, and the teen was still standing there when Mac returned with a bottle of lubricant.

"You deaf, dumb or both?" Mac bellowed when he saw his nephew hadn't done anything.

"Huh? I don't..."

"First of all, you don't need two hands to hide your dick," Mac told the lad as he walked past Franklin and with one swipe of his arm cleared the table off, sending the newspaper flying all over the kitchen floor. "Now get up on the table like I told you to."
