 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Uncle Will 

Chapter One

I had just turned 19 when it was decided it would be better for me to go stay with my uncle Will. 

Mother was expecting at this late period in her life, she was in the hospital due to serious complications concerning the baby's delivery, life threatening ones. 

My father was already on overload, what with work and going to the hospital everyday to be with mother. 

Uncle Will offered to take care of me until things settled down at home and he thought it would be good for me to live in the country for awhile. Uncle was a bachelor, lived in an old farmhouse on his own. He preferred it that way, says he was not going to get bossed around by no woman. He was the oldest of eight brothers. 

Dad was in the middle of the litter.

It was late autumn when dad drove me out to Uncle Will's place in the country. 

He lived far from the maddening crowd to be sure. Closest neighbour was 2 miles on either side of the farmstead and the small one-horse town or village closest to him about an hour away. 

The ride was pleasant enough, the leaves were putting on a show what with all the spectacular autumn colors happening. 

I was somewhat apprehensive about staying with uncle Will, worried I might be lonely. I did not recall going to visit the farmhouse because the last time I was there I was six years of age. 

After what seemed to be an endless drive we arrived at uncle's farm house.

We drove through a rugged log gated entrance to the property and then down a tree lined road, great big trees on either side creating an umbrellaed pathway to the old house.

As we drove up dad honked the car horn and there was uncle Will on the veranda waiting for us.

I had not seen him in ages. 

He was about 5'8" tall of robust build. Gosh, he looked strong. 

I remember dad telling us stories about uncle Will's strength. 

His hair was cropped short, sort of a crew cut style. His beard was salt and peppery. 

Uncle greeted us warmly. Lot of warm hugs and lots of talk catching up on what was happening. Uncle was eager to hear about mother. 

Lunch was already in the works.

We were dinning in the kitchen. It was a great old kitchen with character, a typical country kitchen.

Before we sat down to eat uncle Will thought it best to show me to my room so I could unpack and make myself at home. There were two bedrooms on the second floor and one bathroom, no shower, only a bathtub. I had the smaller bedroom. It was cozy and decorated in early country furniture, quilt on the bed, dresser and closet. The window was large and let in good natural light. It overlooked eastward over one of uncle's corn fields. 

Once I was unpacked I headed to the kitchen, it was time to eat and I was starved. 

Uncle served his homemade beef stew, with fresh baked bread out of the oven. He spoiled us with lots of tea and fresh baked cookies for desert. 

Conversation flowed.

I could see how the two brothers were so much alike and happy to see one another again after such a long absence.

Before heading back to town dad let me know I was to obey uncle Will and do what I was told.

The plan was for me to stay with uncle until late spring or maybe longer depending on the situation at home.

I was sad to see dad go. 

Uncle and I on the veranda waving goodbye frantically with moist eyes as father drove away. 

Uncle Will put his arm around my shoulder and said, "well, fella, its you and me now."

Chapter Two

After dad left uncle gave me a tour of the farm and let me know what some of my chores were to be. 

I had to feed the chickens, milk the goats and make sure the pigs were well fed.

Uncle took care of his incredible vegetable and flower garden, he also had a terrific herbal patch.

I was doing my studies by correspondence; the nearest school being miles away and would have been difficult for me to get there and back everyday. 

There was telephone service and hydro. 

The old house was mostly heated with wood.

He had a great timeworn wood stove he used to cook on mainly in winter months. 

We were outdoors most of the time during the day taking care of farm chores. 

In the evening after supper uncle liked to sit out on the veranda, smoke his pipe and sometimes enjoy a good cigar, drink lots of black tea. Sometimes he would tell me stories of his adventures in the wild, his travels abroad. 

I loved sitting at his feet listening to his soothing deep masculine voice, he was all male. Sometimes I would get a whiff of his manly smell, that musky woodsy scent that was unmistakably his and let's not forget the cigar, pipe odours. I didn't understand why this made me feel good at the time.

Everything about uncle fascinated me, his big oversized hairy hands and huge feet, he must have worn a size 14 boot. He looked to be quite hairy all over. I also could not help but notice how much the front of his fly stuck out, as though he had an oversized potato in his underwear. He mostly wore faded well used blue overhauls. Sometimes, after going for a piss he would forget to button up his fly and then I sneak a peek to catch a glimpse of his underwear. He only wore long johns, yes, that one-piece union suit. When he walked you could see his big manly package swinging back and forth. It looked like a heavy piece of meat dangling in his overhauls. 

I was surprised how much I enjoyed life in the country. 

Uncle had an old VCR, a television with rabbit ears. Poor reception, yet we could watch movies that uncle collected. 

We would sit sometimes after supper in our underwear and go through the movie catalogue, decide what we wanted to order by mail while sipping hot chocolate. 

I also wore long john's; the house was a little drafty. I loved watching uncle Will walk around in his long underwear with his big man equipment tentin out, leaving little to my fervid imagination. 

He would often tug on his cock and balls, or adjust them totally at ease around me as though I weren't there. 

Saturday evenings were bath time. In the week we sponge bathed but on Saturday evening it was time to wash up in the tub. This was a first for me. 

Uncle had to get the little hot water tank heating for this ceremonious event. He let me know we were going to share the hot water. 

I was somewhat taken aback at first about this yet at the same time I was totally excited about seeing uncle's naked body. 

Finally, the tub was full of hot water and time to get undressed. We were already in our long underwear.

Uncle Will started unbuttoning his long john's and I followed suit a little shyly.

I had never been naked in the front of a man before, nor a woman for that matter. 

Alas, uncle was naked. I could not get my eyes off of him. He was so hairy, and his crotch was one full thick bush of dark black hair. His penis was big yet soft and so thick. His penis gland was really amazing, it made me think of a big helmet. Uncle scratched his big hairy balls and got into the tub and then urged me to hurry up and get in and sit so I was facing him. 

I had a sizeable cock too. Mine was a good 6 inches soft and hard it was about 7 1/2 inches long. 

We each had a face cloth to wash while sharing a bar of soap. Uncle had a story or two to tell while we bathed, lots of laughter. It was a great time. 

I noticed how he soaped up his big balls and huge cock making sure they were properly scrubbed. I was sure his cock was getting bigger and bigger which got me going and getting hard too to my embarrassment. 

Uncle noticed my cock erect and winked. "Never be embarrassed about your manly package son, be proud of it." With that he showed me his erection. 

I was thrilled to see it in all its glory. 

It looked massive. It must have measured a good 8 ½ inches long and so fat. Without another word he pulled the bath plug to let the water drain, got up and started to dry, I followed his example. 

We put on the long john's again because we were going to enjoy a hot chocolate drink before bedding down for the night.

His underwear was bulging, his erection still hard as a rock. Uncle walked around proudly letting it all hang out as though on display for me to enjoy and I did.

I loved seeing his manly package, it was really big and all male.

That night when I went to bed I pounded my hard cock with such passion as I focussed on uncle Will's big erection causing me to unload an impressive load.

Uncle taught me how to make goat cheese. His goat cheese had quite the reputation in several counties and brought in a good amount of money. He sold it in several nearby villages and towns. Sometimes, people made their way to the farmhouse to buy some of his delicious goat cheese. 

There was a small but active apple orchard on the property which meant fresh apple pie often. 

Uncle Will was a good cook and that is another thing he taught me was how to cook up a good meal.

I loved our evenings on the porch. Liked watching him puff away on his pipe mostly and sometimes enjoy a good cigar. 

He liked rocking in his favourite rocking chair. He had a habit of spreading his legs apart nice and wise with his buttons undone for the most part. 

I always had a good view of his hairy bush and big cock. I like the way he fondled his cock at times.

He sure liked playing with that big man equipment and when we sat out until it was quite dark outdoor he seemed to play with his big cock even more. 

I could see it get erect and throbbing poking out of his long underwear. 

There was I kneeling at his feet only two feet or so away if that and he with that big man piece out and about close to my face. I could smell his manly cock smell. The smell of his cum was intoxicating. I think uncle jerked off, came and just put his tool back into his long john's without wiping the cum off. Somehow the smell of his old cum excited me and made me get hard. 

I was beginning to imagine myself sniffing and licking the big cock and wondered what his cum tasted like. 

Chapter Three

Things back home were not going too well. Mother lost the baby and she was not recuperating well at all. Dad said she was going downhill day by day. Meanwhile, he was working late hours keeping things afloat, even hiring a nurse to take care of mother at home. 

Uncle reassured me that he was happy having me stay with him, and that he loved having me as a companion and helper.

I really enjoyed doing the correspondence courses, my marks were good to excellent for the most part. 

Both dad and uncle were proud of me.

One evening after supper we sat on the porch even though it was starting to get nippy outdoors, it was nearing Halloween. It was getting dark earlier now. 

Uncle was puffing on his pipe as usual, I was seated at his feet taking in his man smells. He had his cock out of his underwear and was playing with it.

I was aware it was hard and big and there he was basically jerking it off in my face when suddenly after a while I felt huge gobs of cum splatter on my face and chest over and over again. There must have been at least 12 huge cum shots landing on me, my face was dripping with cum.

Uncle was laughing and pointing at my wet face. 

All I could do was laugh with him. I licked some of the cum around my mouth without realizing it and did not mind the taste of uncle's hot man sperm. It was a little salty yet with a twist of sweet to it and thick as pudding. I wiped some off my face and put it in my mouth and continued to do so. 

Uncle offered me his handkerchief to clean myself up with. "I am sorry about that kid, I just could not hold back."

"Its ok uncle Will, it sure was a big explosion and so much juice."

"Well, it won't harm you none, its pure country protein son, nothing but the best he said with a hearty laugh. You got to taste some of uncle's hot pudding."

"Yeah, you can say that again uncle, I replied jokingly."

With that uncle Will tucked his big meat into his long underwear and continued to rock and puff on his pipe. 

That night at bed time I was super horny and jerked off as I went over what happened on the porch. I thought about how good uncle Will's hot cum tasted, that I liked eating it a lot and somehow wanted more. 

A few days later we experienced our first snowfall of the season. That spelled the end of sitting out on the porch after supper. So, we moved indoors and sat in the front room.

I continued sitting at uncle Will's feet. Somehow, that felt right, safe and comfortable and I could tell he liked that. 

One evening after supper we were sitting in the living room watching a movie when I saw uncle reach for the lower part of his underwear to unbutton a few buttons. 

The room only had one mood light on that was usually lit when watching television making the room somewhat dark.

He then pulled his cock out, I could see it pulsating, hard as a rock as he proceeded unapologetically to pull on it, jerk it nice and slow.

I could not get my eyes off his big 8 ½ inch veiny cock. It was wet with precum and smelled of cum and cock. I kept turning my head to get a better look at it and uncle Will just kept on tugging on it nice and slow as though offering it to me. Before I knew it, I was on my knees facing his big cock, my mouth wide open and drooling only an inch from his big tool. Slowly I advanced with my mouth open and got into position for his cock to slide into my mouth nice and easy and, so it did.

I heard uncle let out a deep husky moan as his big manly member slipped into my mouth. My lips automatically sealed themselves around the big meat and I began to suck on it like one of his baby goats sucking on a tit. I knew what to do and just followed my feeling and let myself go. I was loving the feel of having uncle's big cock fill my mouth, it was somehow comforting. The taste of his cock and precum made me extremely excited and hard. I milked and sucked on that big wholesome cock for quite some time. 

Uncle never said a word, just kept watching the movie while I sucked, I could tell he was loving having his big manly cock worked on. He was giving it to me to take care of it for him. 

Then, without notice he put his hands on either side of my head, gently yet firmly held it in place and started to give me his wholesome sperm. 

I was eating uncle's thick sperm right from the source, I was thrilled and excited to be eating his manly offering. It was a massive load and I managed to gulp it all down. I counted a good 12 major spurts flowing into my mouth. The feel of his hot man treat in my mouth was something special, I was in heaven.

He looked at me, patted my head and said, "gosh son, you ate uncle's special man food, that will make you strong." 

I still had his cock in my mouth and was not wanting to let go of it right away. I continued to nurse on that big hot tool for a good half hour or more. I was so happy. Finally, I pulled off, licked him clean and slipped his big tool into his long underwear without bothering to button them up. 

Uncle looked satisfied and very happy. "You made me very happy this evening. That was just what I needed for the longest time. Thanks." 

I just blushed and smiled. It was bedtime. I went to bed content and jerked off thinking of how good it was sucking uncle Wills cock. I hoped he would let me suck him again and often.

Well, the following evening after supper I was ready and willing and wanting to suck cock again.

Uncle Will got himself comfortable, unbuttoned his long john's, pulled out his big semi erect tool, gave me a wink and my mouth was on it in a flash. 

I got nursing his meaty cock like a baby calf, happily sucking away making loud sucking sounds and drooling all over.

Uncle, watched a movie while I took care of his big cock. It was rigid hard, standing up straight, tall and proud. 

I was able to suck for the duration of the movie. He let me have his generous wholesome load filling my mouth over and over again, me swigging down his man delicacy with great pleasure. 

After a short break he had me suck on his proud manhood again and giving me another of his famous hot loads of cum. 

Each time I relished his gifts. I was loving uncle Will's man treats a lot. I loved having his cock in my mouth, love how it filled it and tasted and how it made me feel connected with him. 

We didn't talk about our special connection we just enjoyed it for what it was. It made both of us feel really good. 

Turns out I had a natural talent for sucking cock. I was exceptionally good at it and had a voracious appetite to boot.

Uncle Will loved getting his cock suck and I was obliging. I was thrilled to be his cocksucker. 

I was sucking his cock two and three times a day. He was one horny old dude.

Chapter Four

One day we got a phone call from dad. I knew when the telephone rang it was him and it was not good news. Sure enough, I was right on the mark. Dad was calling to let us know the sad news concerning mom. 

Uncle and I did what we could to console dad, he was sounding bad. So, Uncle let him know we were heading out to be with him asap. Uncle called a neighbour to ask him to take care of the animals and garden. 

Mort was more than glad to help out during this difficult time. 

It was a good six-hour drive to get to dad's place. All went well, we got there quickly.

Dad was waiting for us with open arms. He burst into tears when we hugged, and he let out his grief with great abandon. 

We all sat down and had a good chat, caught up on the details of what transpired and what to do next. Of course, making arrangements for mother's funeral was the first thing on the agenda. 

Uncle volunteered to take care of this. 

I got busy cleaning the house which had been left unattended for some time. 

We decided to order food in for supper this way that gave of us more time to get on the phone to call relatives and friends and let them know what happened and when the funeral was being held. 

We all worked well together. 

The funeral was well attended, mother was loved. 

Uncle Will invited dad to come stay with us for a few days to give him time to mourn and be in the country, he felt this would be healing and healthy for dad. 

Getting him doing chores on the farm in order to give his mind off his loss was the idea, time to recuperate. 

At first, he did not want to come stay with us for fear of being a burden, he was worried about his work, the house etc.

His boss called him and let him know he was getting leave of absence with pay for one month. 

Again, dad protested, yet his boss insisted on him taking time off, end of argument. 

We decided to all drive back to the farm within a few days once arrangements were made for his best friend to look after the house and things. 

I was glad to get back to the country realizing how much I liked living there.

We enjoyed a peasant though quiet ride back to the farm only stopping for a light lunch at a truck stop. 

Once at the house, uncle Will asked if dad wanted to sleep with me or uncle. We both had queen size beds. Dad said it was fine to sleep with me because I was smaller, skinnier than uncle. We got a laugh out that. It was good to see dad laugh. 

Uncle Will made us a good supper on our first evening back at the farm. Sheppard's pie, homemade coleslaw and for desert, of course apple pie. 

Uncle Will and I had stripped down to our long underwear as usual. Dad did not seem to mind, he went up to the bedroom and changed into a pair of long john's because he knew how chilly and drafty it got at night on the farm what with winter coming.

It was the first time my seeing dad in long underwear. He was build similar to uncle Will, maybe an inch or so taller, robust and I must say well hung from the bulge in his underwear. It was one of those hefty bulges and looked to be heavy. 
