 Driving from one client to another on the outskirts of Detroit, I knew I would be passing a rest stop that was a known cruisy spot. I was wearing a tight pair of purple satin thong panties under my clothes, and was feeling Horny. I pulled onto the off ramp, I could see several cars parked in front of the side walk leading to the restroom building. As I came to a stop in a parking spot, I noticed all three cars in the parking lot were empty. My cock swelled, hoping the owners were sitting in the restroom with hard cocks waiting for a blowjob. Climbing out of my PT cruiser and slowly making the long walk to the men's room, I entered the front door into the lobby of the building. This was a perfect place to find hook ups, because the front door of the lobby was loud, giving anyone in the adjoining restrooms plenty of notice that someone had entered the building. 

As I made the way into the men's room, I turned the corner into the rest room which had a row of 3 empty urinals and 4 stalls, each with six foot high walls, all with doors. On the opposite wall were a line of sinks. Finding the first 3 stalls "occupied", I went into the last stall. The dingy stall, was the handicapped one and provided plenty of room to maneuver. The graffiti on the walls showed plenty of cruisy writings. As I pulled my pants down, and sat on the dank shitter, I could see the pair of sneakers of the person in the next stall. I made sure that my pants were pushed down tight against to my shoes, and my purple satin thong laying on top of my wadded up jeans. This was to clearly show my feminine outfit to all under stall lookers. I sat slowly stroking my hard dick, waiting for a sign from my stall mate. Reading all the advertisements for blowjobs and other messages for hook ups and meetings on the walls of the stall, I was so turned on. I could hear someone stroking a cock, making the distinct sound of fist pounding a slick wet hard cock.

Chancing a peek below, I could see the two guys in the far two stalls were playing. The person in the furthest stall was on his knees as the person next to him was stroking his hard cock under the stall. I also could see the guy in the next stall was watching the fun in the stall next to him. Taking this watching as a sign, I tapped my right foot on the ground a few times, trying to grab his attention. The tapping worked as he slowly started to tap his left foot in reply to each of my taps. I pushed my feet closer to the side of the stall, hoping that he could see my panties laying atop of my jeans at my feet. I was quickly rewarded by him dropping to his knees, pushing his rigid cock below the bottom of the stall. His knees and legs were on my side of the stall, his 6 inch rock hard cock, glistening with precum pointing straight at me. I was sure he was expecting me to reach down and use my hand to jack him off, like the pair on the other side of the stalls were doing. 

The moan of surprise coming from his side of the stall told me of his approval as I immediately crawled down onto the nasty floor, taking his cock into my watering mouth. I shoving my face onto his cock, forcing the mushroom head into my throat. I could tell he wouldn't last very long, because of how hard his cock was and the amount of precum oozing from the engorged head. I increased suction as I pulled my mouth off his beautiful cock with a pop. Taking just the head back in, bathing the spongey head with my tongue, slurping on his dick. Slowly taking my lips down to his pubic hair, which elicited another moan from the other side of the stall, as I expertly provided him with a delicious wet blowjob. Here I was, on my hands and knees in a public restroom, on a cum covered floor, sucking a strangers cock. Completely ignoring any self-respect, I was a willing servant only to the saliva covered cock pointing at my face. I again took all of his cock into my mouth. I could taste more precum as his dick leaked from the head of his glisten erection. 

I grab his shaft with my right hand, using it to milk out more precum from his swollen cock. Using my mouth, I sucked on the underside of the head, washing it with my tongue. My lips began to swell around the growing cock head. I knew the cock was ready to explode. I could feel his cock growing, swelling with his cum, as he moaned that he was going to cum. I instantly increased the suction on his swollen cock, giving him notice that he was to blow his pent up load into my eager mouth. I positioned my tongue, directly under the head of his cock, pressing the head against the roof of my mouth. My tongue in perfect position to taste his manly seed. I could feel his legs tighten and I was rewarded with spurt after spurt of his warm creamy man juice. I slowed my pace on his cock. Stopping as he filled my mouth, catching all of his precious cream, savoring his salty manly taste. 

I held his quivering cock in my mouth, relishing the warm cum as he slowly came down from his climax, so I had time to use my right hand a milk the last few drops of his thick load. . Sadly he slowly pulled his semi hard cock from my eager mouth and quickly got up dressed and fled. I held his load of cum in my mouth, savoring the thick texture and earthy taste, as I used my tongue to coat my mouth and teeth with his cum, finally swallowing and feeling the thick mixtures slide down my throat. I quickly sat back up and frantically jerked off a huge load of my own on to the disgusting floor, adding my cum to the dried loads from countless others. I sat for a few more minutes, but didn't get any other visitors. So I pulled up my panties and pants and went back to my car.