 In the dark, Jon could just make out Dan's white form. He lay on his side, not trying to disguise the shape of his still erect penis touching his stomach. At this, Jon's also began to rise again. He was letting him in...letting him do what he'd always wanted. And this time – Jon decided – this was an invitation he was not going to refuse...

Drawing in a deep breath, Jon slid out of his sleeping bag and crawled over into Dan's. Once in, he turned on his side and did the zipper. Then he lay back down next to Dan. The tiny space made Jon's head swim with the proximity of Dan's body...especially what was pressing closely against his leg. The two boys stayed in that position for a few seconds and then Dan snuggled up nearer to Jon. Jon felt Dan's hand travel up his leg...longingly caress his crotch and then up again over his chest. Jon closed his eyes and again tried to control the feeling of wanted to shoot his whole load right now. Dan's hand had now reached his cheek and now the two boys were lying with their heads right next to each other on the pillow. Slowly and yet with confidence, Dan moved forwards until Jon could feel his breath on his face. With excruciating slowness (on Jon's part) Dan moved closer on the pillow and gently touched his mouth to Jon's. Jon stayed absolutely still – frozen with passion. Again, Dan kissed Jon except this time he opened his mouth against Jon's lips so Jon could feel the soft wetness within them. On the third kiss Jon responded, opening his mouth a little against Dan's. A small moan escaped from Dan's lips and he pushed his tongue into Jon's mouth, exploring it. Jon excitement had grown and he could feel his own penis rising up to meet Dan's. Suddenly Dan broke away and looked at Jon deeply. Jon had no idea what was going to come next but by now he was ready for anything. Dan smiled teasingly and disappeared beneath the covers.

"...Ohhh"

Jon gasped as he realised what Dan was doing. Hands tugged at his shorts and he felt his hot hard penis being released from the tightness of them. Seconds ticked by agonisingly and then he felt Dan's tongue against the swollen head. He began with long smooth licks up and down the whole of Jon's length that drove him almost to the edge of climax. Again a pause...and then Dan started to take Jon's hard long cock into his mouth. Trying to control his moans, Jon closed his eyes in ecstasy as Dan sucked harder and harder on him. 

"Dan...Dan!! I'm...!!!!!!!!!!!"

But there was no time to warn him as Jon came explosively under the covers. He sensed Dan swallowing his hot milky cum...savouring the taste with pleasure and the thought made him cum again for a 2nd time. Pretty much spent, Jon relaxed against the pillow, feeling Dan "cleaning up house" down below. After a short while, Dan resurfaced with a mischievous grin on his face.

"So...how was that?"

"...Bloody amazing..." Jon croaked.

"Mmm...I'm glad you liked it because now I want you to do something for me." Whilst he said this, Dan pulled at Jon's T-Shirt, lifting it up and exposing his pubescent chest – just starting to tone up. Playing his finger over Jon's nipples he said quietly,

"I want it up the ass Jon..."

"...W..hat?" Jon managed to gasp as his nipples started to stand out almost painfully in the cold night air from Dan's attentions. "I can't think straight when you..." Dan lowered his head to Jon's chest and began circling his nipples with his tongue. "Ahh!!...When you...do stuff like that!!"

Stopping his exploration and laying his head coquettishly on Jon, Dan looked up at him sweetly.

"Jon...I want you – up my ass."

Confusedly Jon started to say, "Up your...?!"

"Yes...ever since I've...had these feelings for you...and now that I've seen what..." He stroked Jon's penis fondly. "What you have down there – I want you. So will you...can you...do me...?"

Jon's eyes had grown large at this. "Well uh...I mean...I...I don't want to hurt you..."

"Oh you won't...we can use this."

Placing one hand on Jon's chest to steady himself, Dan leaned over towards his holdall and rummaged around in it for a while. 

"Voila!"

Dan brought out a large tub of Vaseline.

"Heh...my Mum thinks I use it for Scout stuff...I guess she was right eh?"

Jon gaped. "So...what're you saying?! You've done stuff like this before?!"

"Oh no!" Dan smiled and then, blushing a little. "I've been saving it for you. I knew the day would come when we couldn't hide from this fact anymore...and...and..."

"And what?" Jon said quietly.

"And you would..." 

Jon waited. 

"For chrissake – do I have to say it, it's so bloody embarrassing!!" Dan laughed.

"Yes you do." Jon replied seriously.

"OK fine," Dan answered. "I wanted you to deflower me. OK, OK?! Happy now?!" He turned away from Jon embarrassed.

A little embarrassed also Jon sat up. Then a little smile played across his lips and he leant over. Placing a hand on Dan's back he whispered "...Thank you...for waiting..." 

Dan turned around, his cheeks flushed and glinting slightly with tears. Jon lifted his hand and wiped them away.

"It's alright...I'm sorry I made you say it...please don't cry." He put his arms around Dan and drew him into him. Dan shook quietly in his arms. 

"We can...do it now...if you still want to with me." Jon said.

At this Dan lifted his head from Jon's chest and answered quietly, 

"Yes...I do...I want to be with you..." He turned away again slightly and whispered "...So much..."

Jon smiled to himself. 

"Let's do it then..."

He reached over and took the Vaseline from Dan's hand.

"I'm ready if you are..."