 Todd never knew he even had an uncle until after his grandma dropped dead one Saturday afternoon while he was working at Home Depot. Homo Depot, his neighbor Kelly used to call it and when he said that Todd would blush crimson. It was the only job he could find after graduating high school last spring and although he lay awake some nights (alright most nights) wishing some hot dude would find him back in the paint and wallpaper department and force him to do nasty things, Todd hadn't spotted one likely homo in the six months he'd worked there. Maybe he just didn't know how to look (cruise, they called it on the websites Todd visited), or maybe he wasn't attractive enough. He was blond and small, with pale skin. Everyone always said what a nice smile he had, a big slash of mouth and a wide jaw, although someone (was it Kelly?) used to call him trout mouth. No, he was good looking enough, he thought, and eager to please (as his manager had written on his quarterly employee evaluation) but no one passing through paints and wallpapers seemed interested in making Todd please them in any way he day dreamed about.

Then Grandma was gone and Todd learned about Uncle Rusty, who showed up late for the funeral and within hours had scoured the apartment to pack up Todd's few belongings in his pickup and then they were off to Rusty's house three states away. Rusty wasn't much of a talker and the hours passed by silently as Todd wandered why he'd never known about his mother's younger brother before. His grandma had been his father's mother, of course, and she never approved of Todd's mother (OK they hated one another). So they never talked about the woman who died shortly after Todd was three, much less any relatives she may have had. Rusty didn't look like Todd's mom at all. He was tall, at least six four and raw boned, with a shock of dark red hair on his head and, from what Todd could see, covering much of his chest as well. He wore jeans and a cowboy boots and Todd could see, when he dared to glance over, that the man must be used to hard work, manual labor. His body was hard under the cover of his clothes and the boy felt a little guilty as he began to fantasize what Rusty might look like stripped down and towering over a kneeling Todd. 

Rusty's little conversation with the boy consisted mostly of descriptions about what the Todd would be expected to do, chores around Rusty's cabin that needed doing. When Todd allowed as how he could cook, Rusty simply said "Well, it looks like you'll be good for something, then" and turned his attention back to the road. After a few minutes, as if to make amends for his abruptness, Rusty said "I'm sure with a little training there'll be all sorts of ways you can be useful to me". Somehow the way he looked the boy in the eye sent a shiver down the Todd's spine.

They finally pulled off the interstate outside of Marion, and Rusty pulled into a truck stop that looked to Todd like it had been there from the fifties. A few rigs sat in the truck parking and a peeling sign said "Good Eats Truckers Welcome Rest Relax Clean Showers and Beds", but only a few trucks sat in the lot and the gas pumps were idle. Rusty said "We're almost home, but I got nothing in the kitchen, so we'll stop off and have dinner here". As they strode across the lot towards main building, Rusty informed Todd "This is one of the businesses I am part owner of, so I eat here often".

The man behind the counter gave Rusty a nod as they entered and sat at one of the booths, then brought over menus immediately. "Hey Rusty, where you been man?"

"Well, I had business out of town, Dimitri. This is my nephew, Todd. He got orphaned and I had to go pick him up and bring him back here. How's business?" 

Dimitri stared at the boy a moment and then back to Rusty. "Business is about what it has been, pretty slow I'd say. Not surprising since I been working with one man down these past couple of months. You know how that goes".

"Yea", Rusty drawled, "Kip was good for business wasn't he? Still I'm sure something will come along. We'll have a couple of burger plates and beers".

"Kid don't look old enough to drink", Dimitri commented, but left it at that. After Dimitri left, Todd asked "Who was Kip?"

"Just some kid we had working here until a couple of months ago. Customers took a shine to him"

"What kind of work did he do"?

"Well we service the truckers who come along the interstate so you could say Kip serviced the truckers, kept things clean and neat in the quarters back there" He pointed to the door at the side of the diner labeled "Rest Rooms & Truckers Lounge. "You know, just providing what the long haulers need in the way of comfort".

"Well, I'm going to need a job, I guess. Do you think I could to that job? What does it pay?"

"Don't pay much, but if you do a good job the truckers can be generous with the tips. I'd have to talk to Dimitri about it. We'll see". When Dimitri brought the plates and beers Rusty turned to him "Dimitri, little Todd here says he might be looking for a job and wonders if we might be hiring. What to you think?"

"Well, he looks like he might work out, but he'd probably need to be broken in first." Dimitri turned to Todd and seemed to smirk. "It's a lotta work. Truckers can be very demanding, you know. There's a lot of truck stops along this route and you really have to give them the service they expect." Dimitri snickered then looked at Rusty and Todd began to feel like there was some secret joke going on.

Rusty cut in "Well, we'll have to see how it works out. For the time being I'll be keeping the boy pretty busy up at the cabin. Bring us another beer Dimitri".

Dimitri turned to Todd. "Hmm. Lucky to have someone like Rusty here to help you out. Your uncle's probably got a list for you as long as my big cock, ain't that right Rusty?" Dimitri went off to the kitchen laughing as Todd blushed uncomfortably and a silence hung over the table. When Dimitri brought back another two beers Todd looked at his uncle "I probably shouldn't have this. Grandma wouldn't have liquor in the house and I'm not used to it"

Rusty smiled "Go one, drink it up. We'll make a man of you yet" and clinked his bottle against the boy's. Todd took a long swig even though he was feeling light already and almost stumbled when they got back in the truck.

Within a couple of miles of local highway they turned off the road onto a long dirt driveway and approached Rusty's cabin. It was starting to get dark but Todd could see it had a nice porch and, while rustic, was bigger than he expected, with a couple of outbuildings off to one side. "Leave that stuff in the truck and we'll get it in the morning", Rusty said as he led the way into the cabin and headed for the kitchen, where he pulled two beers from the refrigerator, handing one of Rusty, then led him back out to a couple of chairs on the front porch. "You'll be sleeping in the room off the kitchen. And there's a bathroom there. My room's upstairs".

The boy nodded "Thanks, Uncle Rusty. I appreciate it"

"Well I wasn't to happy at first about having you here, but hell, it get's kinda lonely here sometimes" Rusty led the boy out onto the porch and they sat in the semi darkness lit by the one light over the entrance.

"You don't have a wife or girl friend?"

"Ain't never found a woman who could take me, I guess".

Todd laughed at the thought that a handsome guy like Rusty couldn't have any woman he wanted. "Aww, you don't seem like you're that bad to me. I bet plenty of women would like you, find you good company".

Rusty sneered at Todd until the boy's laugh caught in his throat "You don't get my drift, boy. I mean I never found a woman who could take me". Todd stared blankly at the man.

"What I mean is that my dick's too big. You get my drift?" Todd nodded, though he was having trouble making an immediate connection in his brain.

"Some people say it's a blessing, when a man has a big one and I guess that might be true, but every once in a while nature gives a man way more than he needs, if you can believe that." At that news Todd tried to swallow but his mouth had gone suddenly dry.

"Anyway, never found a woman who could stand the thought of putting my big thing in them on a regular basis. Hell, most of em take one look and run off screaming in fright." Rusty took a swig of beer and watched the boy try to digest this news. Todd kept his eyes averted, but couldn't help but notice that Rusty's right reached down to adjust himself. 

"So what do you do, then?"

Rusty laughed leaned over to the boy, "Why that's why God made the Kips of the world"

"The Kips?" Todd's mind raced. Where had he heard of Kips?

"Yea, like Kip, the boy who worked down at the truck stop. Little Kip could suck cock from sun up to sun down and ask for more. I wish you coulda seen him, throat like a fuckin highway, a four lane. Truckers would drive an extra 50 miles to get their tanks filled and drop their loads when we had Kip there. Fortune smiled on Dimitri and me the day he showed up".

"Where'd he come from?" Todd asked. 

"Don't really know. Just showed up hitch-hiking one day. I went in the back to take a leak and there he was at the urinal eyeing my cock like it was lunch. So I let him ogle it a bit, then I turned to him and barked 'What you staring at boy?'" Figured that would scare him away. Usually does most cocksuckers. But no, he just stood there, his mouth hanging open and eyes fixed on my cock. 'Damn, mister, that's a big one' he whispers. 'I bet you never found no one could suck that one down, have you mister?' I laughed and said 'Not yet, boy, not yet, but that don't keep me from searching.'" 

Rusty pulled on his beer again and looked over at Todd. "I tugged at it and let it go a bit hard then, thought that would sure scare him away, but he didn't' move. Like a bird mesmerized by a snake. So I said 'I'm thinking of holding auditions it you're interested'. He lit up like a Christmas tree so I pulled out my key and let us into the utility room there in the men's room and before I had the door locked he was on his knees, mouth open wide".

Todd, hardly breathing, asked "Then what, Uncle Rusty?"

"You know, boy, you really don't have to be calling me uncle. Makes me feel old, and I ain't but 36, you know. But then, you need to show some measure of respect, seeing as I am your elder. Why don't you call me sir? That sounds right respectful, don't it?"

Todd nodded.

"That sound about right to you, boy?"Rusty asked pointedly.

"Yes sir", Todd responded.

Rusty laughed a bit and reached over to pat the boys' head. "I think that sounds real nice. We're gonna get along fine, I think" He took another long pull on his beer.

"And what happened next?" Todd asked. "Sir?"

"Well, I dropped trou, reached down and slid my hand down my cock, letting it get nice and hard, rubbed the head across his lips and tongue and slapped his face with it a couple of times, teasing him. He wanted it so bad, but I made him wait and the whole time my cock's getting bigger and fatter 'til it was full on raging hard. Then I let him try to fit his mouth around the head, which he couldn't near do until I skinned back the foreskin. Well I gave him a minute to get used to his lips being stretched around the head and coaxed him along real gentle, telling him to use his tongue on the underside of the head, told him just how I like it, to slid his tongue into my piss slit. Stuff like that. Didn't have to really tell him much at all, though, he was a real natural. But it's always good when you start training a cock sucker to service you the way you want to give firm instructions. Then later, he's more apt to follow any instructions you give him, whether he wants to or not. It's all in the training, all in the training". 

"And he did good?"

"Not bad" Rusty said. "Then of course, I started pushing him. The important thing I've learned when you train a cock sucker like Kip is to keep pushing him about two steps ahead of where he's able to go himself. After a couple of minutes he seemed to be getting used to having his mouth and jaw stretched open. So I reached around the back of his head and started pushing it down further on my cock. Got about 7 inches into his mouth when I hit the back of his throat, which isn't bad for a start. Then I start pumping my hips forward, gently at first, using the back of his throat to massage my cock head. Thought he'd spew and choke at one point, but I tell you he wanted that cock bad. And he kept staring up at me with the prettiest saddest eyes, like he was begging me for more. So what could I do?" Rusty turned to Todd, waiting for his answer.

"What, sir?" Todd whispered. Rusty nodded his approval at the boy's remembering the correct form of address.

"Good boy, I can see you don't forget when I tell you something. That will go well for you" Rusty said. "Anyway, I pushed his head down another couple of inches, forcing my cock head down into the back of his throat to cut off his air. I tell you, he was one committed little cocksucker, Kip was. Never even flinched. His eyes started tearing up, of course, and I could tell he was trying real hard not to gag but he just kept staring up at me and started bouncing his head forward, trying his best to take as much of my cock as he could". The air on the cabin porch seemed to be suddenly 10 degrees warmer on Todd's skin.

"When you have a cock like mine and you want good service, you have to learn not to be too selfish. At least at first. So when I could see the boy was about to pass out from lack of air I pulled his head off my cock and stood back. That's the thing with cocksuckers like Kip, you have to give them what they want, but on your terms. So I ordered him to suck my balls for a bit, just to give him a break and that boy went to town, sucking first one, then the other, trying to get both of them in his mouth at once. Course couldn't. In fact, never did learn to take both balls at once, though God knows I trained him hard." Rusty looked over at Todd and the boy waited breathlessly for the man to continue.

"Looks like this story is getting you all turned on yourself, boy" Rusty teased. He let his eyes linger for a moment on the erection Todd was trying to conceal in his pants. "Well, anyway, after a bit, I started taunting him. 'You want more cock, boy? You want my load, pussy boy?' He just nodded at me. I mean he couldn't really say much with his mouth full of my ball sack could he? But he managed to signal with his eyes, real wide open, like and mumble something. That felt damn good, his mumbling around my balls. 'There's a big load of cum in there for you, but you're gonna have to work a lot harder to get it, you know. You ready to get back to serious work, boy?'"

Rusty gazed over at Todd, who was spellbound. "Hey, boy, looks like I need another beer. Why don't you go get one for me. And get one for yourself. From the looks of it, this story giving you a thirst" As Todd got up from the chair and headed for the kitchen, Rusty reached and grabbed his arm. "I didn't hear you, boy", he said.

"Yes sir" Todd said. "Right away, sir"

Rusty released Todd's arm. "Good boy" he said. "Now go on and hurry back", slapping Todd's butt as he retreated inside the cabin. When he returned Rusty took the beer from the boy and said "Now, where was I?" He waited for the boy to respond.

"Uh, I think you were just about to make Kip suck you again". 

"Well you'd think so, but like I said, he was a newcomer, at least to my cock, so I figured I'd give him a break. Otherwise, I'd be working him all afternoon and wear the kid out. So what do you think I did next?"

"I don't' know, sir" Todd responded and part of him was not sure he could listen to the answer without exploding in his pants.

"No, I imagine you don't. But I said to him 'Lay on your back on the floor'. I have to hand it to Kip, no questions asked, he lay on the floor and then I stood over him, a boot on either side of his head. 'What you're gonna do now it called a prostate massage. Have you ever done this before, boy'?

"He shook his head no. 'Well, you know where a man's prostate is?' I asked. He nodded.

'Good, your gonna see if you can massage my prostate. But you'll be working with your tongue, I don't want to feel your fingers anywhere near my butthole, you understand?' He nodded and I squatted over his face. For a second, I think he was figuring out how exactly he was gonna do it. But then I felt his tongue touch my asshole, at first lightly, then with more force, licking at it, so I just relaxed and sat full on his face as his tongue worked my hole. I occurred to me that maybe that wasn't the first time he ate a man's hole after all, because soon enough he was going at it like a pro, tongue wedged up my butt hole, lips slobbering around my asslips. Damn, he was a hot little pig. Sitting on his face like that I couldn't see his eyes but as I stroked my cock I could slap it against his forehead and that seemed to drive him crazy. I tell you, I coulda just sat there all afternoon. I guess you think that's pretty crude, right?" Rusty stared into the boys eyes challenging him to answer.

Finally the boy managed to croak out "No sir."

"Well" said Rusty, "I finally could feel my nut coming, so I scooted around and positioned my cock at his lips. 'You ready for my load, kid?' Kip could barely speak, seemed like I just about wore out his mouth and tongue, more like he gurgled a bit, though I do believe he tried to say please" Rusty looked over at Todd and smiled. "Makes you kinda hot just hearing about it, don't it?" He waited for the boy to respond.

"Yes sir" Todd responded cautiously.

"Well, I slid my cock as far as it would go down Kip's throat, and I have to say, he was a game little cocksucker. Either that or his throat muscles had just given up, but I swear he musta taken about 10 inches." The man laughed recollecting the vision of Kip's throat bulging around his cock.

"How much was left out?" Todd asked. Then he looked stricken and added "sir".

Rusty chuckled. "I guess that's for me to know and you to find out, eh?" He stared challengingly at the boy until Todd shifted his eyes to the ground.

"Anyway, I just plugged in there and I thought his damn throat was gonna explode, I swear. Particularly once I started shooting. Had a nice seal in the back of his throat so most of it pumped right down his gullet. Which is good cause there was an awful lot of it, I can tell you." He stared at Todd again before continuing.

"Well, Hell, I ain't so mean though. I knew he wanted to taste my load so after a bit I pulled back and filled his mouth. You shoulda seen the look on his face. I guess he was wondering if I ever was gonna stop, cause his mouth filled up and cum was still pouring outta me."

"Jeez" Todd murmured.

"Anyhow, I smeared the last of it over his nose and forehead and stood up, waiting for him to finish swallowing and get his wind back". 

"What then, sir?" Todd asked.

"Told Dimitri I thought we should hire him to work the lounge, keep the truckers happy. Well, not exactly hire him cause I didn't think we should have to pay somebody for doing what they would be doing anyway, but we told him he could keep most of the tips he got, working around the place . Dimitri wasn't too sure we needed him, but I sent him back to interview the boy and I guess the boy impressed him enough. When he came back out, Dimitri looked like he'd been drained dry. Anyhow he started work the next day. We let him sleep in one of the sheds out back and even got him a uniform."

"A uniform?" Todd asked.

"Yea, that was Dimitri's idea. A cheap pair of cut off jeans that rode up his crack and a little tiny tee shirt. Looked like a genuine cock sucker, he did. When we made him put it on and he looked at himself in the mirror, he blushed right red and said he didn't what to wear it." Rusty laughed. "I disabused him of that notion right quick. He learned pretty quick not to complain. Not that it would've done any good"
