 My friend Sean and I had been friends throughout High School. We went to different schools, though, which made it difficult to hang out all the time. But we always made it a point to be around each other on the weekends. Neither one of us were attracted to boys, and as the end of senior year came around we both had nice looking girlfriends. But there was one thing Sean and I always enjoyed.

Every time we were in the car or hiking or in the grocery store we looking for a way to find porn. Most of the time we were unlucky, but a few times someone had discarder there magazine on the side of the road or in garbage so that we could find it. And when we did, we would go into the woods (since we lived in the Deep South) and look at the dirty pictures. Both of would get hard cocks, and admit to each other, but it never went farther that. Until . . .

One day Sean and I were driving down the road and found a prominent porn mag. We decided to stop at the side of the road and take a look at our treasure. We were pretty excited just to find it, but when we looked inside at the lesbians licking each other pussies we were blown away. And as we got farther into the magazine, there was a picture of a muscular guy with a clean shaven cock. I didn't know what Sean was thinking at this point, but my cock was getting really hard. Each picture showed another angle of his 8" cock. Neither of us had seen such a thing before. I had never even thought of a guy this way, but I was so turned on by the site of his hard cock. 

I wanted to jerk off so bad, but was afraid Sean would tell someone. I didn't know if he liked the pictures, even. I glanced down at his lap and saw the outline of his penis through his shorts. He must not have any underwear on, and his shorts clung to his hard cock. My cock was now as hard as it could get. I never thought any sexual thoughts towards Sean, but seeing his hard penis made me so horny. I looked at him without a word and he was looking at my hard cock through my jeans. I reached over slowly and slid my hand across his erect cock over his shorts. Neither of us said anything, our hearts racing. I saw his made moving towards the direction of my crotch, but a car pulled in behind us, and Sean suddenly started the car and pulled away. We didn't speak on the way home of what had happened. But agreed that we couldn't wait to get home and continue looking at the porn.

When we got home we rushed to his room, slid under the blankets, and opened the magazine. I turned to the page with guy and his hard cock. Immediately, my dick got hard. I just stared at his hard dick, and before I knew it was slowly rubbing myself. I slid my hand in my pants and stroked my dick with Sean right next to me. I felt the precum on the tip of my cock, brushed my finger over the cum and slid the sweet semen into my mouth. I looked at Sean and he had seen the whole thing and was rubbing his cock. So I reached over with my other hand, and slid my hand under his shorts. I don't know why I did this, but the feel of his warm cock on my hand made me so excited. His cock must have been eight inches. He moaned as I ran my hand up and down his uncut penis. I had never touched another guy's cock before, and never even seen an uncut penis. As i palmed his hairy balls, my dick grew and so did my curiosity.

I slowly pulled the blanket down past our waists, and saw my hand pumping Sean's hard cock. He didn't say a word as he grabbed my hand and helped me jerk him off. I was ready to cum myself but quit stroking myself to pull Sean's shorts down. He didn't object as I exposed his huge cock. I stroked his dick a little more, but I was so horny I wanted him naked. So I removed his shorts and shirt, and he finally got over his nervousness and undid my pants and grabbed my hard cock. As he stroked my erect penis, I could not help but lean over and lick the tip of cock and taste his semen. He gently guided my mouth over his cock. I opened my mouth and slowly took his dick into my mouth. I worked his cock up and down as the precum trickled into me. One hand helped me blow him and the other caressed his balls. Eventually, one of my hands found his ass. I slowly inserted a finger into his asshole and continued to suck his cock. His moans grew louder. I had him get off his back and straddle my chest so his dick was pointing at my face. 

"Fuck my face, Sean. Cum all over me."

That was all he needed. He rammed his dick into my mouth and fucked my mouth. I didn't know what I was doing, but it must have felt good, because a minute later his semen exploded in my mouth. I took it all in and swallowed what I could. I let the rest drip down my chin. 

After he finished, I jerked myself and shot my load over my stomach. We slid under the blanket and spread all the semen over my naked body. After that, we had several more adventures in public places, but haven't spoken in ten years.