 Wade, a vice detective was saying, "Roy there is a lot of faggots hanging around parks, and dark streets around here. I think it is annoying many residents, and they seem to be causing a lot of drug use and crime. We need to find out more about what is going on and present a plan to reduce it or eliminate it, don't you think?"

Roy, also a vice officer replied, "Yes we need to dig into the problems and find out where the sources of the problems are. Why don't we post a job opening for an undercover deputy?"

Excitedly Wade said, "Hey wait, we have a young man in the other room who needs to work off some misdemeanors with community service. Let's talk to him and maybe we can deputize him!"

"Well go get him," said Roy.

A few minutes later Wade, with a grin, came back in with a young man. "This is Damian. He is willing to hear us out, and work off some community service credits."

Roy noticed Damian was small, somewhat effeminate and might be perfect for the job. He said, "Glad to meet you Damian. This job will be easy but it is important. You will simply do observation and surveillance for us, mostly at night. You will be able to get in positions to look through peep holes where we can't. We can set you up for audio recordings and probably some video recording. Are you willing to give it a try?"

Damian was anxious to work off the community credits and clear his record, he replied, "Yes."

"Great," Wade said, "We will deputize you then."

After some formalities and document signing Wade and Roy started to preview Damian on some of the basics. Wade said, "Here are some pictures taken of one of the places we will be working. You can see there are some men loitering around this restroom in a public park." Flipping to another one; "In the back ground on this one you can see a fleeting glance of a woman in the same area. Of course these would be your cruisers and prostitutes." Showing another; "In this one you can see what may be a drug dealer or a pimp. Once in a while you will see a financially broke college coed trying to make cash money to get by."

Damian looked on with curiosity. He didn't realize these kinds of activities happened in this area. Something in one of the pictures caught his eye. The picture had captured two men outside of the restroom in a dimly lit area. One was on his knees sucking the cock of the other one. Only the base of the cock was showing, the rest was deepthroat in the man's mouth.

That evening Damian rode out with Wade in an unmarked car so Wade could show Damian what to look for and what kinds of activities are actually going on. They cruised by a park restroom area first then came back around and parked off to the side near a darker area.

As they sat quietly in the car Wade nodded, "those guys are probably cruisers," and pointed out some of the foot traffic was cruisers, looking for gay connections. He pointed out one that might be a dealer. "Look at that one in the shadows, he might be a dealer." They saw one or two females in skimpy clothes that you could clearly see butt cheeks. "Look at that one," Wade pointed to a man wearing clothes that enhanced his package and showed his nice looking ass. They saw another man with a crop top, and skin tight shorts, with ear rings.

"We are mainly looking to identify the drug pushers and pimps, so we need to watch as much of the activity as possible to see what they are doing and who they are. In some cases we may need you to mingle with some of them and record conversations. We need you to make note of identifying factors, such as scars, tattoos, and body shape." Wade noticed Damian was looking to the side of the parking lot.

Damian said, "Wow I've never seen anything like that!" There were two guys and one had squatted down in front of the other and pulled his pants down revealing his naked ass. As they watched Damian was surprised to see one turn around and the one on his knees started licking the other's ass, licking ass cheeks, ass crack and finally licking the ass hole with his face remaining in the ass crack rimming. It was a good rim job.

Wade watched as Damian had to adjust his sitting position in the car as his crotch was getting tight. Wade could see Damian was getting a hard on.

"Would you look at that," Damian said to Wade but as if he were talking to himself. The naked ass had turned and now the other was licking and sucking his balls. He licked behind the balls and then started licking up to the top of the cock which must have had pre cum. Damian could see the man's tongue twirling around the cockhead and then watched as the cock sank in his mouth all the way to the throat. Then he was sucking in and out.

Wade said, "It kind of turns you on doesn't it."

Damian was red faced, but even in the twilight it was easy to see he had a raging hard on.

Wade said, "Look at me; it is even starting to make me hard." 

Damian looked over at Wade's crotch and saw Wade's hardening cock showing through his pants. Damian stared at it and mentally gathered the size and shape of it.

Wade said, "Why don't you pull it out so you don't jack off in your pants. Don't make a mess on the car seat though."

Without wasting any time, Damian let his pants down and took his cock in hand.

Wade said, "Why don't you wet your fingers and it will slide better until you get precum."

This was so outrageous to actually be talking about something like this in public that Damian felt like his cock was about to explode. He wet his fingers in his mouth and started lightly rubbing his cock. He could feel his pre cum making it more slick. 

Wade said, "Wet your fingers some more."

Damian didn't think Wade could tell that precum was now on his fingers so he brought them to his mouth and sucked them clean, wetting them more. This was his first time tasting precum.

They saw the two men were still at it, one with the cock in his mouth was grabbing the ass of the other, and the other was holding his head by the hair fucking his mouth. Damian had never witnessed anything like this before and his cock was going to explode any second.

Wade said, "Let it jerk off in your hand so it doesn't get on your clothes."

About this time Damian could see the standing man had frozen in place clinching his ass and holding the others head tightly, straining. Damian could see him clinch and make pumping motions, and then relax. He could see the other swallowing.

Without thinking, Damian did like Wade said and let his cum jack off in his hand. He could tell it was a big load.

Quickly, Wade said, "Lick it up fast."

Without a chance to think why, and caught up in the physical thrills, Damian brought his hand to his mouth and licked up his own cum. He licked his hand clean. This was his first time eating and swallowing cum. It had a slick feel but clung to his tongue and the roof of his mouth. It tasted a little salty maybe a little bleachy, but it was good. He sat quietly for a minute with his revelations. Then a man walked toward them, and knocked on Damian's window.

Wade said, "Put your hand on my pants so it looks like we are together." Surprised and confused about this, he put one hand on Wade's pants while rolling down the window with the other. Wade adjusted the hand so it was on his cock. As Damian rolled down the window his other hand made similar motions on Wade's cock. As the man started to talk, Damian listened and unconsciously held Wade's cock, which was now pulsing.

The man wanted to know if they wanted to buy some pot. He leaned his face in the window and saw Damian's pants were down with cock exposed, and a drop at the tip of his cock, and he saw Damian was holding Wade's cock. Wade said, "No thanks."

"When you want some you come and see me." The man stood up straight and his cock bulge was right in Damian's window, then he turned and left.

Wade said, "I believe we have seen enough for one evening. Let's go back to the office." As he started the car, he had to reach down and grab Damian's hand off his cock. "You can let go for a while."

Damian was speechless. For the first time he had held another man's cock even though it was through his clothes. He had never thought about touching another man. He was in denial a little bit about tasting his own precum in public, and then eating his own cum in front of another man for the first time. Wade let a hand reach over and grab Damian's ass cheek lifting up. "Here lift up and pull up your pants." His ass cheek fit right in Wades hand. Embarrassed, Damian pulled up his pants as the car started to move.

Back at the office Damian sat in the office with Roy and Wade. Roy started, "Damian I hear that you did well today and got to see some of the action. I think you are a benefit to the organization and I would like to say, 'thank you.' Tomorrow afternoon I will take you with me in a utility truck like we are plumbers. Under this cover you can get into the utility space which has peep holes that you can use to gather intelligence."

Wade chimed in, "You will need to make notes on descriptions of the people, what they are doing, and you will take a few pictures with a night vision camera. If you can't get a description of their face, then get a description of their body, scars, tattoos or any other distinguishing features. Look for drug deals, exchange of cash for drugs, or any other exchanges. We need to know who the players are, and who the dealers are. Do you think you could endure sitting in a closed space for a whole night?"

"Yes, I think so." Damian had an excited tone to his voice because it was a sneaky voyeuristic mission. He was seeing and experiencing a sexual part of life he had never experienced. 

"Ok we will see you here tomorrow after noon. Ok?" Roy was glad they had found Damian.

"You got it." Damian tried to sound his importance in his voice.

The next afternoon Damian showed up on time. 

"Today you are going to learn some more under cover work using peepholes, and night vision cameras. You will have a note pad and a flashlight also. Remember you must maintain silence the whole time. When the shift is done I will pick you up in the utility vehicle. Also you are going to have a wire attached. That is detective talk for a recording device with a microphone."

"Cool," was all Damian could think of to say. Damian found the work to be thrilling and interesting. He like girls but seeing sexual activity of any kind was a turn on for him. He was surprised to see that a whore could be pretty.

Roy guided the utility truck to the rest area and to the back of the public restrooms. He unlocked access door to the plumbing spaces. Opening the back doors of the utility truck he let Damian into the plumbing access. Damian had good cover getting out with both sets of doors. "We are not going to make any arrests tonight. We just need you to get information that may help us. Have you got your wire in place? Do you have your note pad and flashlight?"

"Yes, I have every thing." Damian was a little excited doing this part of the assignment on his own.

"We will be in the area, so if an emergency comes up, you can whisper into the microphone." Roy was pleased with how things were working out. "Here take these," and he handed Damian two bottles of soda.

Damian with his small body had no trouble fitting inside. He had room to get around.

Roy said, "See you after a while." Roy closed the utility truck doors, and then the access door, relocking the door. Roy slowly pulled away like a plumber contractor would.

Damian used his flash light to look around. He saw a drain in the concrete floor. He used the flashlight to find his access points and noted he would be able to sit on the pipes for most of the peep holes. The peep holes were easy to find because the light from inside the bathrooms, shown through. He discovered he could see not only the men's restroom, but someone had carved a peep hole to the women's restroom. There was a peep hole for each of the sink areas as well as the urinals, and each of the toilette stalls.

After a while he could tell it was getting dark outside and the types of people coming to the restroom gradually changed. At first he had seen a few nice ladies who may have been visiting the park with friends or family or children, then there were a few who apparently were professional women on their way home from work who just stopped for a bathroom break. He could see them pull up their dresses, pull down their panties, and he could get glimpses of their ass crack, and some times of their pussy and asshole. It wasn't much but it was a turn on seeing them in their natural activity. He was fascinated that as they sat down their asshole opened up, and some of them were cute. Those were the ones that made his cock harden. 

Likewise with the men's room. At first there were regular men either park visitors, or people who just stopped for a bathroom break. 

As it started getting into the evening and it got darker outside, some of the men seemed to look at others furtively. None seemed to be drug dealers. One or two snuck glances at other men's cocks while peeing. Little or no eye contact was being made. Damian could clearly see their cocks. He was fascinated by the different shapes and sizes of cocks, and colors. Somehow he had always thought all cocks looked like his. 

Reminding himself to be professional, Damian tried to notice characteristics of the restroom visitors.

After a while the outdoors seemed to get quieter and maybe darker. There was one man who went to one of the stalls and sat down. Damian didn't hear familiar toilette sounds so he moved over to look. Through the peep hole he could make out the guy had pulled down his pants and sat down. He was playing with his cock. From behind Damian couldn't tell too much about the cock but then another man came in the restroom. He pushed gently on the stall door. When it opened he came in and locked it behind him. He pulled down his pants and exposed his cock. Damian saw it was long and had a mushroom head. The man presented it to the man sitting on the toilette who kissed it then started licking it around the head. He did this for a few minutes, then kissed and licked the balls as if he were sampling the taste. He licked between the balls and as far back as he could.

Damian notice the balls had thick pubic hair and were fairly large, compared to his own. Then the standing man said softly, "suck it."

The sitting man started sucking the cock taking in an inch or two at first then making deep strokes with his mouth. It looked like when the head of the cock was at the back of his throat he was twisting his throat around on the head, then pulled back until just he head was in his mouth and obviously was licking the head before plunging all the way back. 

Damian could see the sitting man was fondling the other man's balls and the standing man was holding his head by the hair. The standing man got more aggressive while the other moved his hands to his butt and started fondling his butt and then held onto the butt cheeks strongly as the standing man started to clinch. It looked like he was trying to ram his cock in the sitting man's throat but it wouldn't go in. Finally he grunted and Damian could see his cum vein pulsing and after a few seconds he could see the sitting man swallow, and croaked, "hmm." The standing man squeezed the remaining drops on the sitting man's tongue who greedily took it. Before pulling his pants up the standing man turned around so the other could lick his ass.

Damian was developing a throbbing hard on, but left it in his pants. 

In the other restroom Damian saw a prostitute at the sinks. She had a very short skin tight white skirt that didn't cover her ass cheeks. She pulled up her skirt in the front obviously looking at her naked pussy in the mirror. Then she went to one of the stalls and pissed. When she came out, Damian noticed she took some money from an inside pocket in her blouse and put it in her purse. Damian got a nice view of her pussy and ass.

Hearing noise in the other room again Damian quietly moved back over, and he could see two men in the sink area. One was bending over a sink slightly with his pants pulled down, and Damian could see his white underwear around his ankles by the floor, the other had produced a substance and rubbed it on the other's asshole. Now he took out his cock and started to rub the cockhead on the others ass. Damian watched with fascination. He may have been in a protected world because he had never seen anything like this. The cockhead rubbed on the asshole for a few minutes then slowly pushed on it. Damian didn't think it would fit, but eventually he saw the head disappear, and stayed motionless for a minute before continuing slowly in. There were only short strokes for a few minutes and Damian could see it well, then it went in deeper and deeper until it had gone in all the way. Eventually he could hear the man's belly smacking against the other's ass. He could see the man playing with his ass, and the other reached way down and back to play with the other's balls. It wasn't too long before Damian could see a clinch of the ass and obviously shooting cum in the man's ass. After a brief pause the man pulled his cock out and rubbed it in the other's ass cheeks, zipped up and left with the other man bent over with his pants and underwear around his ankles.

Practically in his face Damian saw two men come to the urinal. They both had pretty nice cocks and were looking at each others cocks as they pissed. One of them finished first and got on his knees. While still pissing the other turned his stream into the other man's mouth and then inserted his cock as the stream diminished. Damian could see the man swallowing the piss while locking his lips around the cockhead. Obviously he was licking the cockhead inside his mouth as the piss turned to precum and the cock started to get hard. He played with the man's balls while sucking on the cock. After a few minutes the man shot cum directly down his throat and Damian could see the swallowing motion, and when done he licked the cock clean and sucked both balls before the man zipped up. He was still on his knees when another patron walked in, but he got up without embarrassment and walked out.

Finally deep in the night Damian saw two men walk in and go to the back stall. One produced money and stuck his cock in the other man's mouth. After he came and the other man swallowed, he took a small package out of his pocket and gave it to the other. Suddenly Damian realized he just saw drugs being sold. With his flash light he took a few notes, and remembered to make a note of the prostitute.

Damian watched the man who bought the drugs. The man put a little bit in his palm and then sniffed it up his nose, licking the residue off his hand. At this time a man had walked in the next stall and pulled down his pants. He stuck his cock though a hole into the other stall where the drug sniffing man started to lick on the cock. Soon he pulled the balls through while still sucking. He massaged the balls while sucking and reached further back feeling the man's ass cheeks, and then obviously fingered the asshole. The finger worked in past the second knuckle Damian guessed and was fondling balls while finger fucking and sucking. Soon the man came hard and seemed to fill the mouth of the drug user, and Damian could see him swallow.

After getting home Damian would replay the sucking and cum swallowing in his dreams, sometimes licking his lips.

Before dawn, Roy came back around and opened the door so Damian could slip into the truck. Roy locked back up and they went back to the office for a debriefing, and so Damian could go home for the day.

Damian woke up with the alarm and the most enormous hard on he could remember. He had been dreaming of the events he had seen. His dreams were very creative and he had placed himself in the position of a cocksucker, and upon awakening he could almost taste cum in his mouth with satisfaction. He had to do something with the hard-on so while still laying there he jacked off in his hand. Now, he thought what should he do with that. Hesitantly at first he touched his tongue to it. A strand stuck to his tongue and tasted salty, but it was good, so he broadly licked it onto his tongue so he could taste it and feel it on his tongue. He savored the taste for a minute and experimented with the feel of it in his mouth, then quickly swallowed. But it didn't all go down on the first swallow because it had coated his tongue and throat. Damian was fascinated but now somewhat embarrassed at what he just did. After several more swallows, he had gotten most of the slippery feel down his throat. Damian now had a secret passion. He got the last drops from his cock head, and licked them up. Then he got up to get ready for work.
