 The whole of this story is untrue, any resemblance to those people, places or events is purely coincidence. I always encourage you to wear protection, but in this story its purely fantasy.

Working as an undercover cop posed certain risk I never new how much risk until I got my last assignment. I was working narcotics on the south side we had this particular band of dealers in our sights for a while now, but it was too hard to do surveillance on them due to their location. There was only one building adjacent the them that would work and it was a brownstone apartment building that was known to house only gays. 

My name is Richard Casey my captain ordered me to obtain housing in this building to maintain surveillance on the dealers.

"You'll find away Rich I know you will," Capt. Edwards said.

"But sir, I'm not gay. How am I going to be able to fit in there?" I said.

"I have confidence in you, now get the hell out of my office," Capt. Edwards said.

"Yes sir," I said with a salute and left the office.

I was in deep shit this time, gay how the hell am I going to act gay. I doubt I'm going to be able to pull this one off but it was my job to get this scum off the streets. I contacted the owner of the brownstone and found out there was a vacancy, I asked to be able to look at it the next day.

That morning I was in a panic as to what to wear to look gay, I settled on just a pair of torn jeans, white tee and a sports jacket. I put a little more bounce in my step than I would regularly and set out to meet with Paul Wingate the owner of the apartment building.

Arriving my stomach was in knots but I knew I had to pull this off if I was going to get the goods on the gang across the street. I rang the bell as he instructed a deep voice answered.

"Yes," said the voice.

"Oh yes, this is Rich Casey we talked on the phone yesterday about the apartment you have to rent," I said.

"Yes of course, come in," he said as the buzzer sounded.

I walked into the foyer of the building it was very beautiful, the walls were an off white to contrast the exposed brick walls, and dark wood work. The furniture was pretty much like you would find at your grandma's house, but I guess they call it retro. The couch in the living area was a dark green color, a round coffee table with a black wing backed chair sitting near the fireplace. I turned to look down a long hall and I heard someone clear their throat I turned around and came face to face with a blonde haired blue eyed man standing in front of me. 

"You must be Paul," I said with my hand out stretched. 

"Yes, Rich is it?" he said taking my hand.

"Nice to meet you," I said letting go of his hand.

"You too. Well what do you think?" he said with his arms opened out.

"I think it is absolutely beautiful," I said with a smile.

"I am glad you like it. Now the room I want to show you is on the third floor, it's a corner room facing the street. We are really a family living unit here, we share the cooking, cleaning, shopping, etc.. we work it out on a rotating schedule. We share all the living spaces but your room is yours privately. Any questions?" he said moving toward the staircase.

"I had no idea, I thought I would have my own apartment, but really its fine may I see the room," I said.

This would never do sharing spaces with gay men, how the hell was this going to work. A corner room is a lucky break, but damn this was not going to be easy.

The climb to the third floor was fairly easy due to the curve of the staircase. From what he said the second and third floors had three bedrooms and a bathroom on each end of the hall. I would have the bedroom and bathroom on the outside wall, which meant that I would have the least amount of noise from the other boarders. There was a lounge area as you topped the stairs. Down the hall we headed to the green door with the letter H on it.

"Well this is it," he said using a key and opening the door.

"This is really great," I said stepping inside.

"what do you think?" he said as we moved inside the room.

It was a huge room, a king size sleigh bed took up one wall with dark oak side tables, a huge armoire took up another wall with a desk beside it. The wallpaper left something to be desired a sort of fleur de lis pattern in dark blue, the curtains were a contrasting blue with tassel tie backs. The bay window seat in the corner was wonderful and a great place to set up my equipment.

"Well I think it's wonderful, and how much did you say the rent was?" 

"It's $425.00 a month, plus the $25 a week towards groceries. Do you think you want it then?"

"Yes, I do believe I will take it."

"Great, when do you want to move in?"

"Well how about tomorrow?"

"Sounds good. Lets go down stairs and fill out the rent agreement," he said turning and heading out the door.

"Okay," I said following him out the door.

I signed the agreement paid the two months rent ahead of course the department was paying for it so it wasn't coming out of my pocket. I told Paul I would see him in the morning and headed out to pack a few things from my place. I had to make sure it looked like I would be staying for a while so I planned to take a lot of things from home to make it easier on me. Of course anything having to do with the force I would leave behind. This assignment was going to be pretty difficult, I was not sure I was going to make it out of this one unscathed. 

The next day I had borrowed one of the day shift guys car to make it look better than showing up in a big truck. I put all the stuff I had planned to take with me, I pulled up into my parking spot and began unloading the boxes.

After taking everything upstairs, I set up the camera at the bay window. Looking through the lens I could tell it was going to be a good angle from there. I shot off a few photos of a few potential suspects, or at the least witnesses.

I headed down stairs where I met up with Paul, he was fixing some lunch and asked me to join him. We sat and talked about the house and the people who lived there. He told me that only a few of the guys who lived there were in relationships. That his partner had died several years before of a AIDS related disease, not that he had AIDS. It was a very sad story and one that was hard to hear, but I had to keep up appearances. 

I went to my room typed up my report such as it was so far and emailed it to my captain. Peering through the camera nothing noticeable was going on at that time.

At supper I met most of the residents there was Daniel, a bookkeeper for a small law firm. Roger, works at a AD agency. Shawn, the youngest tenant at 20 works in a retail store. Rodney, the most flamboyant one works at a fashion warehouse. T.J., works in a hospital as a x-ray tech. Paul of course runs an online business for web design.

As I ate I could feel eyes settling on me, I looked up and it was Shawn. When he saw me looking back at him he looked down and continued to eat. Something about him made me feel weird in what way I was not sure. 

A few days in I had gotten a lot of good surveillance shots, the night vision camera helped with keep tabs on the guys across the street. There was a lot of activity going on there but not enough to get a probable cause warrant. I put the camera equipment in the bench under the window during the day so just in case I should have company I didn't have to come up with a cover story, my work cover story was even harder, during the day I went home to my place and kept up with things there, stopped by the station a few times or went to the movies just to make it look like a had a job for a few hours each day.

That evening I was showering when I heard the door open, I must have forgotten to lock the door. I looked out the curtain which for some reason someone thought it would be a great idea to put a see through shower curtain in there. It was Shawn that came through the door.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Would it be alright if I used the bathroom. Roger is in the other one and he takes forever."

"No, sure its fine."

Shawn sat down on the stool and I tried to keep my mind on taking my shower. But his proximity was becoming a problem, I don't know what it was about him, but something about him made my heart or just my loins stir. I think it was the way he looks at me. I continued soaping my body down and I know I could feel his eyes on me. I tried to look over at him without him catching me. He was sitting there stroking his cock, and what a cock for a young guy. I bet it was all of 8" and at least 4 or 5" around. I could not believe what I was thinking, to be thinking of any guy in this way was not who or what I was. I don't know if it was the environment of this house or just being around him but I was beginning to have strange thoughts of what it might be like to touch him or be touched by him.

I rinsed the soap off my body and prepared to get out of the shower even though Shawn had not yet left the bathroom. I turned off the water and reached out to the towel bar for a towel, opening the curtain I stepped from the shower and began to dry off.

Shawn flushed the toilet but did not move to leave the bathroom, I turned around and his pants were still down around his ankles, his cock was enormous, and his eyes were staring down my whole body.

He reached a hand out and took hold of my cock, my cock was a good 7 ½" and he continued to move his hand up and down the length of my cock, it didn't take much for it to become rock hard. All I could do was hold onto the sink behind me and watch with anticipation of what he would do next. He looked up at me several times, as he stroked my cock. Then he lowered his head to my cock, took it into his mouth and began sucking and licking the tip. This caused a guttural moan to escape my lips.

I held on tight to the sink, I felt my hips begin to work my cock into his mouth, he opened his mouth and throat and sucked me deep inside his warm, moist mouth. The feeling was almost indescribable, I could feel my knees growing weak, needing to lie down.

I know I was acting like someone who had never been with another man. I hoped that Shawn couldn't tell and blow my cover. Blow what a word to be thinking of when my cock was deep in the throat of another man. 

Shawn continued sucking my cock, when his hands began roaming over my wet naked skin. I know I felt my body shaking, whether it was from excitement or being scared I didn't know. 

I felt Shawn pull his mouth off my cock, I looked down he was standing up. Looking him in the eyes I know I looked so much like a deer in the headlights, and that's why he stopped.

"Is this too much for you," he said pulling up his shorts.

"Ah, of course not," I lied.

"I think it is, I don't think you have been with a man before, have you?"

"I don't know what you mean, what you were doing was amazing. I wasn't going to ask you to stop, but if you want to its fine."

"I think we should save this for another time perhaps. When or if your ready you'll let me know."

He turned to leave the room, he touched my bare chest and left the room. I was not sure what just happened but I hoped that I hadn't hurt his feelings, by not continuing on with what was about to happen. What was going to happen, what was I thinking. Did I really want to be with him, it felt good, and right. I don't know what was holding me back except for the fact that I had never been with another man before and had no clue what to do or how to go about doing it. This was going to be a huge problem.

That night I got pictures of the main suspect that we had heard was running the drug house across the street. Though I saw nothing criminal happening at that time I took a few shots, downloaded them with my report and sent it on. My captain, sent me an email telling me we needed a C.I.(confidential informant) on the inside. 

The next day while I was supposedly off at work I went to meet a contact, Freddy said that he could probably hook me up with someone who would work with me as a C.I. for a price. Money was no object, getting this house shut down was high on the mayors bid to stop drugs in this city.

I met with the guy Freddy had arranged to me to meet. We talked about him getting some information for me and possibly working inside with a wire. The guy was pretty hesitant about wearing a wire where these guys were concerned. But did have some information on a guy named Tyrone who is close to the main guy, he said he would work the guy for as much information as he could and get back to me.

That evening I got home took a shower and headed down stairs for dinner, it was nice just sitting across the table from Shawn. He smiled at me and at one point I knew I saw him give a jerk of his head meaning lets get out of here.

I didn't know what to do we really hadn't talked since the incident in the bathroom. So I decided I would follow and go with what ever happened. If anything I was curious as to how far he would go, or rather how far I would.

I helped pick up the kitchen quickly and headed up stairs, as I got to my landing he was sitting on the red sofa in the lounge area. I went over and sat down beside him.

"I am sorry I left the other day, you were right it did feel like too much for me, I apologize if I hurt your feelings."

"That's okay, sometimes the first time is more than some can handle, I was fine with it I really was."

"How did you know it was my first time?"

"I could tell, by how nervous you were. Have you never been with another man before?"

"No, I've never. I only came out recently, I really have no real experience at relationships with other men. I only know how I feel. I guess I haven't found the right guy to make me feel the way I guess I should," I lied. Or was I.

Shawn reached over and put his hand on mine, rubbing it gently up and down. Then his touch went to my leg and his arm around my neck. The look in his eyes made my heart and my stomach jump. I reached out and returned the touch, stroking his arm up and down. His skin was soft and smooth.

"Can I kiss you," he said in a voice deep with passion.

"I guess so," I said apprehensively.

He leaned in and tentatively kissed my lips, I quickly probably to quickly kissed him back. He held my face and kissed me again a more passionate kiss, I relaxed a bit and returned the kiss. My body shook I know it had to be, but not from fear from the fact I was beginning to like the feelings welling up in me. I know for sure my cock liked it for it was getting hard each time he touched me and kissed me. We separated for a moment and looked at each other. He smiled and I felt better.

"I think we better take this somewhere else," he said holding my hand.

"I think your right, lets go to your room," I said knowing we couldn't go to mine with my camera equipment set up for the night surveillance. 

"Alright."

We went to his room entered the room, it was similar to mine where mine was in hues of blue his was in maroon. We walked over to the bed sat down. We kissed again our hands starting to move over each other. His hand moved over my cock, I stopped kissing him and looked down at his hand. I watched as he undid my belt, my button and zipper. His hand disappeared down my pants his hand was holding my cock moving it up and down over it's hardness. My brain was on overload, it was the most amazing yet scary feeling I had ever had. But I was going with it, he pushed my pants down, I lifted my ass to help him out. I took off my shirt. He undressed and turned back and kissed me again.

He lowered his head and took one of my nipples into his mouth, sucking and nipping at it with his teeth, he did the same with the other one. He kissed lower still licking my skin, until his tongue settled on my cock, he licked the tip, then sucked it into his mouth. The feeling was amazing, he sucked on my cock, sucking it deeper into his mouth each time he went down on me. My hands were on the back of his head giving him encouragement. The moans coming from me betrayed how he was making me feel.

I couldn't take it much longer I pushed him off me, pushed him back on the bed and took his cock into my mouth. It was hard the skin smooth and soft. I sucked his cock as deep as I could into my mouth the sounds coming from him told me I must be doing something right.

Shaun moved around until we were in a 69 position our hips moved together driving cocks into mouths, licking and sucking on his balls. The sensations pouring through my body were so intense I didn't know what was happening to me I had never done or felt like this ever.

He moved off of me he reached for the lube on the side table, he kissed me as he laid over my chest.

"Here use this," he said handing me the lube.

"Are you sure?"

"Never more sure, I want you to fuck me."

He took the lube from me poured it on my cock and began rubbing it up and down my cock. He rubbed some on his ass moved to straddle my waist, guided my cock to his ass. Allowing him to get adjusted to my cock, his ass was so tight, I had never felt anything like it before it was an amazing feeling. My cock was buried deep in his ass, then he began riding my cock. His hand on my chest rubbing on my skin, touching our bodies together, touching wherever we could. Leaning into each other, kissing, licking, sucking.

I flipped him over onto his back and continued to drive my cock into him, his legs in the air, pushing my cock in and out of his cock tight ass. The feel of his tight ass on my cock was getting to hard to hold back.

"Oh God, your ass is so good," I was so close to cumming.

"Yes, I love your cock."

He pulled himself up until we were chest to chest my cock moving in and out of his tight ass, kissing and holding onto each other. I whispered to him that I was close to cumming. He told me to cum in his ass with that I couldn't hold back any longer. With grunts of passion I came deep with in his ass. He came between our chest, laughing we fell back to the bed rubbing his cum all over our chests. I held him tight to me as we laid there his hand moving over my skin like any other lover would after having had the most amazing sex they had ever had. It felt good to have I'm lying there next to me, I know that I shouldn't feel this way especially since I'm not really gay just playing a role, or was I. I was beginning to feel very confused, I didn't want him to feel like I wasn't into him so I tried not to think about it for now and began kissing him again. I looked at him, his eyes were on mine.

"How do you feel?"

"Amazed, light headed, free, confused. I don't know take your pick, but it was the most, I don't know greatest thing that has ever happened to me."

"I'm glad you enjoyed your first time," he said as he laid on top of me.

"I think I am ready for my second time," I said as flipped him over on the bed took his hand and put on my hard cock.

"I think I may have created a monster."

"You might have," I said giggling as I took his cock into my mouth.

Later after we had had sex for the second time Shaun fell asleep and I knew I had to get back to my room. I really didn't want to leave, I looked down at him as he slept, his blonde hair fell over his eyes I moved it out of the way, he was so beautiful. If I was confused before I was beginning to get even more confused about the feelings I was having for this amazing guy who didn't really know anything about me.

I grabbed my clothes headed to the door, checking the hallway it was clear so I headed to my room. I went to the window to check and I could see there was a lot of activity going on across the street. I saw my C.I. heading into the building, I put the headphones on to the wire. I could hear music in the back ground and a lot of talking then I heard him talking to someone about going into the back room, I heard a door open then close and the music now was drowned out.
