 Author's Note:

This is a true story that I want to share with you. All of the normal disclaimers apply. Please be 18+ in order to read. Graphic gay sex is discussed. You should always apply your idea of safe sex practices to your own experiences. 

I get off on your comments. Copyright 2018 The Joshua Diaries, all rights reserved.

*****

The Joshua Diaries: Underestimating Tuesdays

I had been playing with my cock for about an hour. You know, edging. I kept watching the precum ooze out of the tip of my cock and thought, "I need to get laid, bad." I was hanging out on Manhunt, but it didn't look like a promising night. It was a Tuesday; not much of a fuck night. I was about to give up and jack-off to a hot blog story, when my mail icon started flashing. "Like your look, man." I opened his profile; Brazilian, 180, 6'2, 26, good shape, "love it wild". But the guy didn't have any pics. Damn. I wasn't going to risk it tonight so I blew him off and told him I needed to see his pics before I connected. 

Thread:

BrazilianJock: What are you into, stud? Looking for?

Joshua4U: Hot times and not looking for anything in particular. U?

BrazilianJock: Total top, man, love getting into some hot ass.

Joshua4U: Don't usually connect without a photo.

BrazilianJock: You won't be disappointed, man. You are exactly what I need.

He invited me over. I caved. We agreed to meet at a parking lot and if all was cool, I'd go to his apartment close by. I was expecting it to be a bust, but I was intrigued. If I didn't throw a bone when I saw him, I'd just excuse myself and leave. No harm, no foul. I showered and put on my favorite cock ring and jock strap and wore ripped up slut-jeans - just in case. I grabbed some lube and a beer.

I arrived on time and sat in my car drinking my beer, waiting. Suddenly I realized I forgot to bring poppers, damn. Then I saw this chubby older guy walking over to my car and I thought, "Shit, I knew tonight was going to turn out like this." Well I'll just tell the guy that I am looking for something different. He walked up to my window and I started to lower it when he walked right past my car then kept walking. 

About the same time, a truck pulled up right next to me and a hot looking dark-featured guy rolled down the window. "Hey Josh, how's it going?" I knew right then I was going to follow this guy home. "Name's Rick. It's American for Enrique." Beautiful accent and beautiful boy.

We got to his apartment, which was sparse and it appeared he might be staying with a friend. He said he was from South America, Brazil in fact and spoke with a silky beautiful Latin accent. This guy was reeking sexual energy. He walked like a confident hunter ready to claim his prey. He was tall and dark and had close shaved dark hair. He had a great smile and tight, fit, lean body. He asked me if I wanted anything to drink and then walked me straight to the bedroom with two beers in hand.

We lay down on his bed which was nothing more than a mattress on the floor and started making out. He was an animal when it came to kissing. The kind of kiss that told you the sex was going to be incredible. He had his tongue all the way in the back of my throat and was starting to twist and tweak my nips a little through my shirt. Then ran his hand under my shirt and grabbed a nipple and twisted it while he reached another depth in the back of my throat. 

My cock stiffened immediately in response. He got my shirt off and started licking from my mouth to my neck and onto my left tit. It felt incredible. He started to bite down a little and then a lot; and then a lot more. Almost to the point I couldn't take it, but he sensed this and backed off. My fucking tit was on fire and I was so fucking turned on.

I took his shirt off and he had a perfectly smooth olive skinned body with abs so well defined that I could actually feel the ripples across his stomach. I licked his armpit until it was soaking wet and then sucked on his tits. First his left and then I left a saliva trail to the one on the right. I was rubbing his abs all over and went lower until I reached the waist band of his shorts. I slipped my hand inside and felt his wiry pubes. They felt like they were clipped which is a big turn on for me. 

Going further, I could tell he was hard and felt the base of his cock. It was thick and hot. Trailing down further, I was starting to realize this guy has a big dick; a really big dick. I must have had a reaction to this because he looked at me and said, "I love to see a guy's reaction when he finds out about my cock, it's a huge turn on."

I didn't know what to say. I was trying not to appear overly enthusiastic because I didn't want to let on that I was a whore for big dick. "Man, you have a fantastic cock" was all I could think of. I pulled his shorts down and he spread his legs and got comfortable. I look down between his legs and saw he had a perfect treasure trail from his navel to his bush, but his thick hard cock trailed up past his navel. 

He was uncut with a fat head. The foreskin on his cock wrapped tightly around the middle of the head creating a perfect halo. He was thick; I couldn't touch my first finger to my thumb when wrapped around it. His piss slit was leaking clear goo and I knew I was going to have a challenge with this cock and my heart raced thinking about it. 

I put my face to his bush and smelled his essence. Then I licked the side of his cock and over his tight bush, down between his balls and thigh and up again to his bush. I licked up his cock and covered the head with my mouth. I tongued his piss slit and worked as much goo out of his cock as I could get. He had taken the back of my head and laced his fingers through my hair and tightened his grip. 

Rick started pushing his crotch closer to my mouth and my head closer to his crotch. I held my breath and took his cock into my mouth about 1/3 of the way. I was using a lot of spit. I was squirming and starting to moan a little. I came up off his dick, dribbled a lot of saliva down his cock, and then started going down on him again; more and more and a little more, until his cock would not go any further. 

I signaled to him that I was going for it and "punched" that huge cock past the ring in my throat. His cock was now free to slide the rest of the way down. He took the back of my head and pressed me all the way to his bush. "Oh fuck, yeah! Swallow my cock. Eat that dick, man," he moaned. God knows, I was trying.

His bush, completely coated with my spit, was in my nose and face. I inhaled through my nose, slowly and started to pull back, but only a little. I fucked my throat back down. Up and down, and up and down; little throat fucks. I could actually feel the area where my tonsils were getting warmer from the fuck. Then I controlled a "swallow" and that took Rick to new heights. "Son of a bitch, what are you doing? How'd you do that? Oh fuck yeah."

He pulled me off his cock sooner that I wanted. I was ready to devour his dick. I could have nursed on him much, much longer. He laid me back and got on top of me and kissed me again. He said, "Now I'm gonna make you feel good." He licked down across my chest and stomach and to my cock head and took it in. He sucked my cock for a few minutes then licked my balls. 

Then he took my legs and lifted them up in the air exposing my ass. I felt his tongue swipe across my hole and I thought, "Oh yeah, this fucker eats ass, perfect. Nice." I moaned to encourage him and he started really eating. He wasn't getting the angle he wanted so he flipped me over and spread my cheeks as far apart as he could and dove in. He whispered, "I want inside there, dude. Give me the fucking hole, man." 

He proceeded to chew and gnaw and lick and tongue my hole like it's never been eaten before. I was pushing back on his mouth trying to help him get even more in. "Push out, man, let's do this right." I concentrated and pushed my ass lips out and felt his teeth scrape across and then secure my entire ass ring in his bite. Once he had it in between his teeth, he started sucking my hole like a mad man. I could feel his saliva dribble down my balls and onto the bed. I reached between my legs and felt my cock is was soaked with spit and precum. I let go of my cock for fear of shooting too soon.

Rick pulled his tongue out of my hole and got up and went into the kitchen and came back with a few more beers. Excellent, I thought, we are going to take our time. We sat next to each other catching our breath, sipping beer and feeling each other's equipment. After about two minutes Rick was ready for the next round. I emptied the beer in two guzzles and kept the last swig in my mouth. I took his cock and slide it into my mouth and let the beer cool things down. He was standing and I was kneeling. I spit his cock out because I could never deep throat him from that angle. 

I popped both his balls into my mouth. They were medium sized and hairless. He spread his legs and I saw his brown hole winking at me. I just couldn't wait and I licked further back and hit my target. Rick grabbed my hand and put it on his cock and fucked my fist and pushed his hole onto my mouth with each backwards thrust. He was in ecstasy. Moaning and fucking. After what seemed like only 10 minutes or so of eating that smooth hairless ass, Rick was ready for more.

He lay back on the bed and held his cock which was visibly throbbing. "Get up here and put your pussy on my mouth." I jumped up on the bed and squatted over his face. He grabbed my ass cheeks, spread them apart and pulled me down onto his opened mouth and proceeded to get my hole real wet. He started fingering me with one hand and jerking his big Latin cock with the other. His foreskin was snapping back and forth over his cock head making his dick juice bubble. He added a second finger and started working them in deep. 

At some point he handed me a new bottle of poppers and said, "Here, open these and take a little hit." It was like Christmas morning seeing that bottle of poppers. I tore open a new bottle of Jungle Juice and took a small hit. Just as I started feeling that warm whorish, lustful feeling spread throughout my body, Rick inserted a third finger stretching me open. My inner slut came out and I arched my back and pushed down on his fingers. I felt them stretch me open really wide and then slide in all the way down to the palm of his hand. I exhaled and emitted a "growl" sound. I kept eyeing the rock-hard angry cock he was jacking. He started fucking his fingers in and out of me making me squirm onto them.

"Sweet, man, you got a nice ass. Do you want to sit down on this fat Latin cock and take a little ride?" It was rhetorical. He pulled his fingers out and the cool air whooshed up my ass. I wanted it to feel warm again. I moved and stood between his hips. I stared at his cock and squatted into position. His cock head and foreskin was covered with precum. I grabbed his dick and stuck the head at my hole and rubbed it against my ass lips to grease it up. He was really juicing at this point. I was, too. Rick said, "Ohh yeah, sweet. Nice, man, rub that juice all over your hole." 

With that I pushed my body weight onto his cock but nothing happened. I tried again. His head was pretty thick and my ass ring was holding back. I wanted this cock in me so bad that I tried again, and then it unexpectedly popped in. I gasped and held my breath until I realized that I got the head in. I was looking at Rick and he said, "That's it baby. Here take a big hit." And he put the poppers under my nose. I took a huge hit, inhaled, and slowly started sliding down on that huge cock. 

The feeling was incredible and I made my decent until I felt his bush. It was one slow but steady slide all the way down his pelvic bone. He took my hips and held me still. "Just rock back and forth, man." I did just as he said. I moved up a little and back a few times. "Joshua, you've got my entire cock buried up your hole. You feel so fucking hot. The inside of your ass is on fire." I squeezed his cock and started milking his dick with my ass. I was feeling so hot and softly moaning uncontrollably.

After about five minutes of rocking back and forth Rick said, "Stud, lift your ass up and off my cock and stay there. I want to fuck up into you, ok?" So I lifted my ass off his cock stopping at his cock head. He grabbed my hips and started slowly working his cock in and then out of my ass. Then he picked up spend and then he started laying into me. He was really fucking my ass with a lot of force. The friction was awesome. My eyes rolled to the back of my head. When I was able to refocus, he had a wide grin on his face and pulled his cock out. With his sexy heavy Brazilian accent he said, "I love fucking that sexy hole man; what I like most is the look on your face when I bury my cock into your pussy. It's fucking hot. I love fucking a bottom who knows how to take cock."

He flipped me over onto my back and pulled my ass off the edge of the bed. He then took some pillows and placed them under my shoulders and lower back. He lifted my legs up into the air and spread them wide. Rick looked around until he spotted the poppers, then signaled me to get them and said, "Your gonna need them, stud. Take a deep hit and hold them in." I felt the heat of his cock head at my opening again and I inhaled a long deel hit and held it in. Rick said, "Exhale." Then he sank his swollen stiff cock to the root. I let go of the poppers bottle and grabbed his tits and held on. I screamed, "Yeah, I feel all that cock up in me, fucker. Give me what you got, hard as you want, I can take it. Fuck my ass."

At this point, Rick was fucking down into me as I looked up at his cock being stuffed into my ass at every onslaught. He was pulling completely out and shoving it back in and grunting with each reentry. Twice I saw his cock come out and it had his precum and my ass juice trailing off the tip. We were getting into a nice juicy nasty fuck. My favorite way to get it; wet, slippery, nasty and raw. He was now grabbing his cock and aiming it at my hole with each new plunge. I was delirious and begging him to fuck me harder and faster. Suddenly he pulled out, jumped up onto the bed and was feeding his cock to me down my throat. I sucked his cock and licked the juices off for several minutes. He told me he was getting close.

I looked up at him and pleaded, "Rick, will you fuck me some more before you shoot?" He looked down and smiled and said, "Yeah man, but fair warning, I'm not gonna last much longer." He got off the bed and lifted my legs back up again, but this time he pushed them back to the side of my head with my ass hanging off the edge of the bed. He got on top, popped his cock in me in one thrust and stayed there buried balls deep. 

He opened the bottle of poppers and gave me some and then took a hit himself. He said, "Come one you hot motherfucker, let's bring this one home." I clamped down on his cock as he started busting my ass for all it was worth. We were screaming unintelligible filth to each other. I swear my spine started tingling and I had this most amazing sensation deep inside my core. I knew I was starting to have an involuntary anal orgasm. Rick started first. "Oh fuck, Oh fuck, Oh fuck, I'm gonna shoot. Fuck you, man. Eat this!" With that, Rick pulled out and straddled my chest in lightning speed. 

I was barely able to tell what was happening because it was all so fast, but I was staring right at his enflamed cock head as it started shooting pelt after pelt of hot white jism directly onto my face. He was aiming for my mouth and I had it wide open. Rick said as he was shooting, "Oh yeah, man, that's it. Take this load." On the third or fourth volley he started hitting my tongue and mouth. I swallowed as much as I could catch and was open to receive more... and it came. This stud shot buckets of cum. 

Watching him shoot was so hot I couldn't hold back any longer and I grabbed my own cock and started blowing my load. It was so fucking intense. All I could do was stare at Rick; not saying a word, not even breathing; but he knew I was unloading all over my stomach and his back. He looked down at me and said, "Josh, you look so fucking sexy with my load all over your face."

I had cum running down the side of my face, from my mouth, from my hair and all over my stomach and legs. I was in an aftershock state and just tried to control my breathing. Once I recovered, Rick threw me a towel and we showered together and made plans to meet again. 

That was the last time I underestimated Tuesday's as a bad fuck night. It was the best.