 On the streets of Buena Park, California, people with a fondness for customary patriotism expressed gratitude with some undisruptive detonations. As a lifelong tradition, the Fourth of July was alive and well in the city. The street lights didn't become the only ones that provided manmade luminosity. Men, women, and children set their fireworks alight, illuminating the night sky with an onslaught of explosive colors. Entire neighborhoods produced thunderous clatter with high-flying rockets. Plumes of smoke, as a result, rose up to the heavens and partially shrouded the crescent moon with its dark gray shades. Add towering explosions and legitimate bonfires to the mix, and the representation of a battlefield emerged in Buena Park.

Eighteen-year-old Isaiah took pleasure in watching fireworks on every Independence Day. In the suburban neighborhood in which he resided in, he watched as children ran around in circles with sparklers in their hands. Grownups lit their rockets and just watched as sparkling missiles ascended towards and the sky and erupted, leaving behind a brilliant trace of neon colors. Youngsters Isaiah's age went on to light up small fireworks which gave off brief flashes of blinding light. Boomboxes and car stereos played various forms of contemporary music, ranging from Mexican hip hop to vintage American dubstep. Entire families gathered around to enjoy the welcome festivities on this special holiday.

Isaiah, however, had something else in mind tonight. As he observed the smoke and flashing lights erupting on the street, the young African-American man did his best to come to a conclusion for what he would do for the rest of the evening. It all happened when he received a text message from a neighbor, Cliff, who lived just two blocks away. The two of them had known each other for at least a month. It was small talk at first, but their skeptical relationship had shown progression once they expressed their love for hot rods through words. They showed off their posters and magazines featuring some of the most fine-looking automobiles meticulously restored for the twentieth century. Even if Cliff turned out to be seventeen years older than him, Isaiah found himself attracted to such a tall good-looking man. He didn't feel the need to rush towards a more intimate relationship, since they've never invited each other to their own place. The text message may have changed all that.

"If you want, you can come to my place for the evening. I'll be waiting."

It seemed simple, but it said so much.

By eight o'clock, Isaiah had made up his mind. He walked two blocks and reached Cliff's residence. Amidst the high spirits taking place on the street, the young man found the thirty-five-year-old white man on the sidewalk, looking up to the sky and watching the multicolored outbursts that offered a more ethereal stratosphere.

Isaiah cleared his throat and said, "Well, I'm here."

Cliff looked down and stared straight at him. He examined his attire, which had been nothing but black shorts and a white sleeveless undershirt.

"You look good."

Isaiah hoped that his long chest-length dreadlocks, his lack of facial hair, and an overall slim physique would be enough to give Cliff even a mild arousal.

Cliff didn't look bad himself. His brown shoulder-length hair, denim jeans and jacket, and a black t-shirt gave him a more sensual appeal than before.

He looked back up at the sky again. "It sure is a hell of a night as always."

"Yeah, it is."

"It's always good to see the night sky lit up like a never-ending firecracker."

Isaiah looked around to see children waving their sparklers on one side of the street, and a young man showing off his dance moves to his friends on the other. In the far corner, an old East Asian man wearing a thick jacket and a white cap sang what sounded like a slow traditional folk song while his wife stood alongside him and listened with her eyes closed. Up above, larger plumes of smoke gathered in the stratosphere while more exploding rockets continued to illuminate the heavens.

Cliff asked, "Where's your family?"

Isaiah sighed. "They're still at home playing with fireworks."

"Why didn't you join them?"

"To tell you the truth, I wanted to spend the rest of the night with you."

Cliff gave a little smile. "That's all I wanted to hear."

Without another word, he looked away and walked back into his one-story house. He left the door side open, giving Isaiah the legitimate impression that he had his permission to enter the building. Isaiah could see nothing but gold-colored lights that reflected off the white walls and wooden floor.

Isaiah slid his fingers across his long dreadlocks. The sound of the old Asian man singing his traditional composition in a rather raspy voice gave him goose bumps. He took a deep breath as the thunderous uproar from above did little to ease his anxiety. Overlooking the prearranged pandemonium on the streets, Isaiah went inside the house.

Once he closed and locked the front door, he tried to find Cliff's bedroom. The interior of the building felt as warm and moist as the current evening air. Isaiah had found the master bedroom, which was situated at the end of the hallway. He took a peek inside. The lights were turned off. The room had been enshrouded with darkness, with only the light from the hallway producing faint brightness on the floor, walls, and furniture. Cliff had taken off his denim jacket and placed it on top of his chest of drawers.

Isaiah showed himself at the entrance. "Well, I'm here. Is this what you want?"

Cliff gazed at everything below Isaiah's waist. "Come here."

Isaiah obeyed his simple command. He left the bedroom door open as he took several steps forward, immersing himself with the partial darkness. Cliff pulled him closer but with minimal strength, as Isaiah didn't want to flee. The taller and older man wrapped his arms around Isaiah's waist. The young man almost flinched when he felt such solid muscles surrounding his body.

He tried to calm himself as Cliff whispered in his ear, "You're the only one that matters to me. I just want you to know that."

"I should tell you right now...this'll be my first time."

"And who better to do it with other than me?"

It helped Isaiah to unwind. "That makes me feel a lot better."

Behind the closed curtains, the flashing lights of rockets were followed by the sounds of artificial thunder. Just the thought of the frenzied celebrations taking place outside this house inundated Isaiah's body and mind with bold excitement. It persisted when Cliff started kissing him on the neck. Isaiah could only shiver at the unguarded access of such a soft spot. And once they shared a kiss on the lips, Isaiah didn't want to fight temptation any longer. He let Cliff take off his undershirt and slide his hands across his exposed skin. Almost immediately, Isaiah sat down on the king-sized bed and let Cliff take off his shoes and socks. After feeling his shorts and boxers being pulled off of his body, he now found himself naked.

"Is this good enough for you, Cliff?"

The older man stared at the black cock that began to rise up. "I think you've done well for yourself."

All of a sudden, someone from next door had begun to blast loud and upbeat rock music from his stereo. The muffled melodies seeping through the window and walls didn't shake the house, but it almost made Isaiah jump.

"Sorry about that."

Cliff didn't say anything. He closed his fingers around Isaiah's member and slid his fingers up and down with slow velocity. 

"How does this feel?"

The unfamiliar sensation made Isaiah tremble again. He took deeper breaths as he grabbed hold of the blanket.

"It feels good...really good."

Cliff didn't stop with his unhurried tempo. Isaiah could feel his anxiety rising, the contact of warm foreign skin surrounding his cock forcing him to close his eyes and try and control his nerves through mental communication.

Cliff's voice grew hoarse as he said, "It's not gonna hurt at all."

Isaiah believed him. He moaned for the first time once Cliff bent over and kissed the young man's shaft before kissing him on the lips for the second time. He released the grip of Isaiah's cock and murmured, "This'll give you a head start."

In just a few seconds, Cliff lowered his head and planted Isaiah's cock in his mouth. The moist saliva that touched the skin, combined with Cliff's slurping tongue, caused Isaiah to lie flat on the bed with extreme anticipation. He watched Cliff's head moving up and down on his cock, the dim light from the hallway painting half of his body with a more golden hue. Isaiah kept on moaning as his cock grew even harder due to the succulence of Cliff's mouth.

Right when Cliff stopped sucking the black cock, disrupting the process of ejaculation, he asked, "Feel good so far?"

Isaiah was almost speechless. "I just...I...I don't know."

"It doesn't end here."

Isaiah just lay on the bed as Cliff took off his shirt and jeans. The tall muscular man became a bravura visualization brought to life. He joined the young black man in bed, lying on top of him and giving him a long passionate kiss. Isaiah remained transfixed at such a familiar yet awe-inspiring body, even better now that it was fully unclothed.

"I can't believe this is happening."

A little smile formed on Cliff's face. "Believe it, Isaiah. It's already happening. Now, turn around."

Isaiah now lay flat on his stomach. He grabbed the pillow in front of him since he anticipated Cliff's welcome admission. It didn't take long for him to feel a long and hard cylinder being crammed into the outlet between his buttocks. He held his breath, waiting for Cliff's own prick to reach the one spot that would present him with earthly delights. It felt like the entire cock had been pushed deep inside him. At first, it felt slightly excruciating to Isaiah, but once it touched his eagerly awaiting prostate, the mild sting transformed into a guilty pleasure.

"Oh, God! Oh...oh..."

This new sensational feeling became one that Isaiah wanted more than anything. Cliff didn't stop jabbing his solid rod in and out of his companion's hot spot.

"You like that, don't you?"

"Don't stop. I want it!"

Isaiah had envisioned this sort of scenario before, but he never expected it to lighten his mood as much as it did now. As the cock gained momentum, Isaiah's whimpers grew louder. The bed began to make creaking noises, while the commotion outside still didn't give a single signal for its planned expiration.

Suddenly, Cliff pulled his cock from out of Isaiah's entryway and turned him around. They now faced each other.

Cliff brought Isaiah's legs up and repeated his penetration.

"Don't stop! Fuck me harder!"

Cliff's adrenaline overflowed as he pushed his hip with more force than ever before. Isaiah could do nothing but close his eyes with force and let out unabashed moans. He tightened his grip on the bed sheet, still fixated on such a gratifying reaction from inside his body. His current imagination turned out to be nothing like the real thing. His craving for authenticity felt endless.

The fulfilling feeling soon reached its peak several minutes later. Cliff kept his prick deep inside Isaiah once the two of them cried out with pure vivacity. Cliff's lengthy discharge took effect. He collapsed on top of Isaiah. The two of them lay together in bed, the escalated humidity resulting in sweat ejecting from human skin. The distant sounds of holiday rockets had finally died down.

Isaiah whispered, "This has to be the best Fourth of July I've ever had so far."

Cliff chuckled. "I'm glad you like it."

"I'm hoping we can do this again."

"You mean who want to celebrate Independence Day again?"

"I wouldn't say it that way. We can just spend more time together."

"I'm totally up for it."

Cliff and Isaiah remained silent. They didn't want this night to end, but it had to. Isaiah promised his family and friends that he would come back home for a late night movie and snacks. He asked Cliff if he could take a shower in his own bathroom, to which the latter already approved of.