 I sat down at the conference table opposite this new client and tried not to focus on my nerves. This was my first solo contract at the law firm I've been working at for a few years now and I needed it to go well. If it did, it meant a salary bump and one step closer to making partner. 

"You're late." The older man said gruffly. 

I wasn't. I was actually 10 minutes early but when clients like Mr. Raphlo with money like had said something, they were always right. 

"My apologies Mr. Raphlo. It won't happen again, sir."

We went through the formalities of introduction and began working on the case. He was definitely guilty of sexual harassment at his shipping company but we were going to paint the picture that the woman was asking for it, and had a 'reputation.'

I'm not proud of some of the things I did on the job, but it's life.

About five minutes into the conversation, I started to give a rundown of what I thought our approach should be. Mr. Raphlo leaned back and smoked his cigar while listening to my stance. About halfway through, I felt something graze my leg. I wasn't sure what Raphlo was doing. I mean, this guy was assaulting women not men.

I thought about saying something, or even moving back a bit to be passive about it but figured what does it really mean to me if he rubs his foot on my leg a little. This case could make my career so I went along with it. 

Although, I was wrong.

As the foot creeped up my leg I realized that it was no foot, but a hand! And I could see both of Mr. Raphlo's hands above the desk. Who the fuck was touching me?!

I coughed and paused for second and the hand stopped, just past my knee. 

"And then what?" he asked.

"Um.." what do I do? Do I make the stranger under the table known? That could be embarrassing enough that Raphlo walks out right now. I needed to keep this client and if he knew we had a wrap for mysterious people groping you under desks he may not stick around.

"Um, so we start by interviewing some of her ex's. With a little grease they'll be happy to share the slutty side of her back story.."

The hand continued it's path up my leg. As the fingers grazed my inner thigh I shivered a bit. I was ticklish there and had to focus really hard not to laugh. I wasn't sure how far this stranger was going to take this joke but the line was crossed when the hand finally cupped the basket of my crotch. 

They massaged me a bit and against my will I started to harden. Their other hand finally placed itself on my right leg and I determined they must be sitting right between my legs at this point. How far is this person going to go??

I inhaled quickly out of shock as the belt buckle on my pants was silently and slowly undone. Shit.

At this point Raphlo had begun criticizing the plan but believe it or not, complimenting some of my approach as well. That felt good but found it hard to concentrate on that while my pants were being unbuttoned. 

Thankfully the slacks I'd worn that day were all buttons so no zipper sound was detected as the remaining defenses to my crotch were undone. I felt the hands grab the waist of my pants and begin to pull them down.

No! No way was I going to let this guy take my pants off. I figured it was a guy by this point because there's just no way a girl would do something like this.

I planted my butt firmly in my chair to provide the resistance I needed to keep my pants on. He seemed to give up, thankfully, and I sighed with my little victory. 

"Eep!" I squeeked. The stranger had pinched my inner thigh hard, causing a few involuntary actions. One, I squeeked which caused Raphlo to stop talking and look at me funny.

"Something wrong?" 

"Ah, no sir. Just a sneeze."

He raised and eyebrow but after taking another hit of his cigar, continued. I would have sighed relief but when the stranger pinched me I reflexively raised my ass and in that second of weakness he ripped my pants down to my ankles. 

Try as I might, I lost the fight as each pant leg was slipped from my feet. I was sitting before my most important client in just my underwear and shoes below the table, blocked by a little mahogany. 

Of course it didn't end there though. The hands found my bulge pretty easily. I had deflated back to normal but the rubbing hands were betraying my better senses. When he started to pull down my underwear I planted my butt firmly for a second before remembering what happened last time, and relenting. 

Lifting my hips slightly, the cold air hit my exposed cock and balls causing another sharp inhale from me. Raphlo didn't seem to notice or mind.

And just like my pants, my boxer briefs were removed from my legs and taken away. The leather seats on my ass were cool but growing warm. I remember how sticky leather can feel on human skin.

Then a tongue touched my balls. 

Oh my god, no.

This dude was going to blow me? There's no way he could keep that quiet! There's no way that I could keep MYSELF quiet. 

Thankfully, after a few gratuitous licks to my balls and cock, he palmed me in his hand instead and started to jerk me off.

A much more silent act but didn't take away from the fact that some fucking stranger was jacking me off while I was with a client! And a dude, none the less! I'm not gay!!

Tell that to your hard dick, I sarcastically thought. With each pump I felt myself focusing less on the conversation with Raphlo and more on the hand job I was getting at work, unknowingly to him.

It was only a few minutes before I was ready to blow. I brought a hand below the table to attempt to stop my eruption by the mystery hands shoved me away. He must have knew I was close from my balls tightening in my sack, and right when I reached climax he took me into his mouth.

I stomached my moan as best I could but there was no stopping it as I shot blast after blast of warm cum down his throat. 

Through my moans I attempted to cover by saying "Mmm sorry. I think I, mmm, ate something bad at lunch. Ohhh god."

And as quickly as I came, the sensation left me. I regained what composure I could as the mystery man popped me out of his mouth. I was still dripping.

"If you need to go use the restroom, I can wait." Raphlo said.

"No! I'm, I'm fine." I couldn't stand up like this. Shit. That's when I realized I couldn't stand up at all. Not with him here. How was I going to get myself out of this.

"All the same. I guess that'll wrap it for today. I like your ideas but we'll need to refine them before court." Raphlo stood and buttoned his jacket. 

He extended a hand for me to shake him goodbye. I leaned across the table to shake his hand but he just grabbed it and stood still. "It's quite rude to sit during a farewell handshake."

"I, I'm still not feeling too good."

"Oh nonsense. A stomach ache doesn't prevent you from showing manners."

"I..."

Raphlo didn't wait for another excuse though and he jerked our hands back, causing me to jump out of my seat to a standing position. 

With my other hand I covered myself but the shock made me delayed and Raphlo got a good look at my deflating, wet cock.

"I'm so sorry! There's this guy under the de-"

I tried to explain while Raphlo held my hand. "Move it."

"...what?"

"Move your hand."

I paused.

"Now!"

His commanding voice did something to me and I withdrew the hand covering my cock, leaving it on display to him. A drop of cum still resting on my head.

"I admire your dedication to me and my case, that you prioritized it over your own shame. You'll do very nicely."

He let go of my hand and I just stood there, half naked and perplexed. "Come on Robert."

From below the desk on Raphlo's side a young guy in a suit stood up, wiping his mouth. That was the mysterious stranger.

Raphlo asked, "Think he's a good fit?"

"I like his spunk," Robert said, with a wink to me.

"Then you pass. Congratulations, I'll be keeping you on the case."

"I, uh..." I was dumbfounded. This was part of the criteria for him using me as his lawyer? "Thanks?"

Raphlo gathered his briefcase and turned to leave, "oh you earned it. And will continue to earn is, son."

Robert handed Mr. Raphlo my underwear from under the table. He opened his briefcase and placed them inside. "I'll be taking these."

And with that, they left.

I stood there, still naked and still confused. After a minute I regained my composure and looked under the table for my pants. They were there but the seam down the butt was cut open. I don't think anyone would be able to tell while I was standing but if I bent over or sat down my asshole would definitely be exposed.

I slipped them on and found a note in my pocket that wasn't there before. It simply read, "Wear these from now on to all meetings with Mr. Raphlo."

This case may make my career, but I wondered and worried about what it would cost me...