 I was a married college student, in my mid-twenties, back in the 1970s. My first semester in school I was exploring the campus and was on the second floor of the Student Union. The entire second floor was virtually deserted as I wandered the halls. 

I had the urge to pee and found a men's room tucked away down a short, dead-end hallway. I went inside and stepped up to the wall of six urinals, standing next to the marble wall of the first of about a dozen toilette stalls. I unzipped and pulled out my soft penis and cut loose. I glanced over at the stall and noticed a hole, about the size of a nickel, had been drilled through the marble wall, aligned directly level with my zipper. This was my first experience with such a peep hole in a public restroom. 

While standing there with my penis in my hand, and a steady stream of urine hitting the back of the urinal, I then noticed the light reflecting through the hole, suddenly turned dark. I suspected someone sitting on the commode, in the stall, was now peeking through and watching me urinate. Well, my thoughts and imagination got the best of me and they immediately caused me to start getting an erection. I finished peeing, but decided not to immediately zip up. I made a conscious decision to play along with this voyeur, and began shake my penis, and stroke myself, as if I was knocking off the final drops of urine. As I did so, my erection began to grow, and I became even more sexually aroused, just thinking about the guy on the other side of the wall, and what he must be seeing and doing himself. 

By now, I had developed a full erection. I was amazed at how hard I got. I felt extra-large and long, and was proud of showing off my perfectly circumcised penis, swelling to a full bloated size, the blood filling my thick, six-inch shaft and shiny plum sized glans. I could no longer withstand the temptation and began to masturbate. 

Within just a few seconds, my orgasm built to the point of no return, and I began to ejaculate into the urinal, with long thick streams of semen. I turned slightly to the side to ensure whoever was watching me could see every detail. After shaking off the remaining drops of sperm, I placed my still swollen penis back into my pants and zipped up and left.

I had a light headed feeling as I walked to the stairs and back down to the busy first floor of the student union. My thoughts were that I would again visit that men's room in the near future.

Two days later I was back on campus. After my 8:00 am class, I had about an hour to kill before my next class. I decided to head back over the Student Union and check out that deserted men's room again. I could feel the beginning of an erection, in anticipation of what I might discover. 

When I entered the restroom, I bent down and looked under the stalls. There was about 12 inches between the stall walls and the floor, and I could tell all of the stalls were empty. I was a bit disappointed, but decided to enter a stall about half way down, and upon entering, I saw there were those peep holes drilled through both walls, so that you could look into either stall and see anyone seated on the commode. 

I closed the door and locked the latch, and dropped my pants to the floor and sat down. I casually played with my semi-erection. After about five minutes, I heard the restroom door open and heard footsteps. Whoever it was walked down to the stall on my right side and entered. I could hear him loosening his belt and unzipping, and bent over slightly and saw him drop his pants to the floor. Just then I heard the outer restroom door open again, and another man walked down and entered the same stall to my right. There were now two men in the same stall. 

I heard a belt buckle being undone, and another zipper opening. I leaned forward and looked under the wall and the second man was standing, facing the man sitting on the commode. I peeked through the peep hole and I could see a black man sitting on the toilette and he was leaning forward sucking the penis of the other man who was white. The white man was holding the head of the black man as he continued to suck on his erection. Soon, I could hear the white man begin to groan that he was coming, and the sounds of an ejaculation and moaning could be heard. When it was all over, the white man zipped up and left. Now it was just me and the black man sitting side by side.

I had a very hard erection and was playing with myself. I leaned over and peeked through and could see the black man playing with himself. He too had a circumcised penis, longer and larger than mine. I was developing a desire to suck his penis, when we both heard the restroom door open again. The footsteps led to the stall to my left. I leaned over and looked under the wall and could see a briefcase, dress shoes and slacks. It appeared to be a professor. When he sat down, I peeked through the hole and could see it was a white man, with thick thighs and blond curly hair on is legs. My attention turned to the black man on my right and I reached under the stall to signal him to kneel down and give me access to his erection.

He dropped to his knees and I did the same. His knees slid under along with his erection, and I slid my own knees between his so that our erections were close enough together that we could mutually masturbate each other. 

Before long, my desire to suck this black penis was so strong I repositioned onto my knees, and leaned over, with my ass up in the air and pointing toward the peep hole behind me where the professor was sitting. I leaned over and grasped the object of my affection, and sucked the swollen glans of his penis into my mouth. The smell of his pubic mound and the salty taste of his flesh was intoxicating. I did my best to masturbate him into my mouth, sucking the first third of his penis, and running my tongue up and down the deep slit of his glans. His pre-cum was flowing heavily, and I was surprised at how good it tasted. I sucked down every drop of the clear liquid. 

About that time I felt some fingers reaching between my legs and stroking my balls and erection, then felt a finger begin to penetrate my dark nether hole. It was the professor on the other side of the wall that must have been getting a clear view of my ass and balls, as well as my sucking off this big black penis. Suddenly, the black man groaned, and I felt his thick hot sperm filling my mouth. I began to swallow his sperm, and continued to suck him until he was dry. Just as quickly, he withdrew from beneath the stall and zipped and left. 

I returned to my seat on the commode and peaked through the peep hole and saw the professor's swollen erection for the first time. I have to admit it was the most perfect penis I had ever seen in my life. Perfectly circumcised, jutting upward at least eight inches. The shaft was as thick as my wrist and the glans was the size of a tennis ball. It glistened under the overhead lights. Pre-cum freely ran out the deep slit on his penis head. My mouth was watering at the prospect of being able to suck this man to orgasm and swallow his sperm. I even felt a desire to have him mount me from behind and violate my back passage. I had found the most perfect penis ever, and I desired to satiate his lust.

I signaled him to kneel down and slide his thighs under the wall. As he kneeled down, I watched as he attempted to force his thick, hairy thighs under the wall. He finally succeeded, and His penis, and large scrotal sac came into view. His hair was a light, blondish red color, and he had light freckles on his legs. He gapped open his thighs giving me complete a full access to the object of my lust. I leaned over and took his erection in my right hand and began to masturbate him. With my left hand I reach under and cupped his heavy balls, amazed at their size and weight. His scrotum was clean shaven, which presented an extra tantalizing sight.

His pre-cum ran down my fingers, but I did not let it go to waste. I now knew that pre-cum is very salty and tasty, so I licked my finger clean. I then leaned over and opened my mouth wide and slipped his large glans inside. I was very careful to protect his sensitive skin from my teeth, by covering them with my lips. I continued to pump his shaft up and down while fondling his balls, and sucking the head of his enormous penis. When he began to groan, I whispered to him, asking if he wanted to cum in my mouth. He grunted yes. I told him to tell me when he was getting close, so I could prepare myself to swallow his entire load, which I anticipated was going to be extra full.

I was lost in lust as I played with his heavy scrotal sac and continued to masturbate him in my mouth. He was still issuing copious amounts of pre-cum which I enjoyed tasting and swallowing. I was so pleased that I could give this man such sexual pleasure. I began to desire to regularly service him, and to be fucked by him. I simply could not get enough of his perfectly sized and shaped penis and low hanging scrotal sac, surrounded by those thick thighs and fuzzing blondish-red hair. The smell of his tangled pubic bush, which I inhaled with lust, was more than I could handle. He soon whispered, in a low husky voice, that he was getting ready to cum. I prepared myself, and began to masturbate him more quickly, his swollen glans filling my mouth.

Suddenly I felt my mouth fill with his ejaculate as it washed over my tongue and down the back of my throat. I could not believe the amount that filled my mouth as I hungrily swallowed every drop. After what seemed at least a full minute of orgasm, he relaxed and allowed me to nurse on his fat slippery erection for the next few minutes. I did not want to give it back to him. I was like a little baby nursing on a mother's tit, long after being full. 

My own erection was still throbbing, so I sat back down on the commode, while the professor slid his thighs back into his own stall. I began to masturbate myself, and could see that the peep hole tuned dark, indicating he was watching me bring myself to orgasm. The thought that he was now watching me pleasure myself, drove me to a very satisfying ejaculation and orgasm. The sperm shot onto my thigh, in clear sight of my new neighbor.

The professor cleaned up and left the stall, without me ever getting a chance to see who he was. I could only fantasize about meeting him again and suggesting we find a place where we could spoon, and he could gently take me from behind, like my friend Roger.