 While cutting lengths of flat bar with the guillotine, my mind wandered back to this morning.

Waking slowly to the day, my brain registered those wonderful strong arms securing the back of me to the warmth of his front, Alex gently breathing into my neck as he slept. The feeling of every inch of me, that was touching some part of his body was overpowering. I'm not sure I've ever felt so content or safe in my young life. 

I could feel delicate kisses on the back of my neck. Rolling in Alex's arms to face him, I rest my forehead against his, our eyes burning into the soul of the other. Tilting his chin forward he tentatively rested those soft lips against mine. As soon as our lips touched my body melted into his embrace, only breaking the kiss so I could lay my head on his chest and breathe in his masculine scent. 'Yummy'

BANG!! CRASH!!

That ripped me into reality. 'Shit!! Shit!! Shit!! I should really pay attention when using heavy tools.' I berated myself. Picking up the guillotine and now bent flat bar, I tossed them back onto the workbench to deal with later. I looked up at the clock and realized the time. CRAP! I better move at double pace to close up and get ready for hockey practice.

*-*-*

We walked three wide through the bare car spaces to our trucks, after practice. Callen pipes up, "Who's hungry, because I think I worked off my next couple of meals."

"Oh, definitely. What did you have in mind?" Alex was rubbing his stomach.

"How 'bout Texas Road House."

"Hell Yes!!" roared Alex, leaning over whispering. "You coming with me?"

I threw my gear in Callen's truck. "Um, I might ride with Alex if that's okay?" Callen smiled, nodded and hopped in his truck.

The ride to the restaurant was quiet, but Alex held my hand the entire way. He parked the truck, looked at me, grabbed the back of my neck, pulled me to him, and kissed me right there in the dark cab of the truck. Dinner went well, food was delicious, the beer wet and cold - don't let me forget to mention the bread rolls. Oh, oh, oh; the bread rolls are so heavenly they should be contraband. Conversation flowed from hockey to work to the latest movies. Callen and Alex don't seem to have lost a step in their friendship, which is great.

Despite last night, this morning and the kiss in the truck before; Alex and I seemed to have landed on a comfortable closeness which still felt this side of friendship. Maybe it's being in public or he's not comfortable in front of Callen. Taking a mental note to ask the question later, I stood. "I'm going to powder my nose; do you guys want dessert and/or coffee?"

They both looked up at me and said simultaneously, "Coffee, please."

I chuckled as I headed to the restroom. I saw our server, took a beeline in his direction, ordered the coffees and paid the check.

The coffees arrived at the same time I returned to the table. Bursting at the seams, I yawned and rubbed my stomach, pushing my coffee away. "I'm done for the night gentlemen; I'm ready whenever you are. Plus I'm running in the morning with Jase at five." I cover my mouth while yawning again, shaking my head, "so damn early."

As we were walking to the truck, Cal turned and asked if I was going home with him. I nodded yes, covered my mouth and yawned yet again. He jumped in the cab. Alex grabbed my other hand, pulled me to him and kissed my cheek.

"I'll call you tomorrow night, Trace."

"Okay, sorry practice took it out of me."

"That's alright. I have a huge day tomorrow and still haven't got my paperwork in order."

I squeezed his hand, smiled up at him and made my way to the truck.

*-*-*

I went running with Jase at five. It's going to take a while to get used to that. Apparently I have muscles I didn't know were there. And my lung capacity is surely lacking; I trip all over myself and stop to bend a few times, to get more oxygen. The little shit got quite a few laughs at my expense. I've decided I'm going to give the gym a miss for now until my endurance and stamina is better, I announced this to him. Thank the Lord he agreed, otherwise I'm sure I would have buried him alive in the park where the ducks pooped by the pond.

True to his word, Alex called me tonight. It seemed awkward in the beginning but once we relaxed it flowed nicely. I lay on my bed as we talked about everything and yet nothing too deep.

He invited me to his place for dinner on Friday night. Yay! I danced with excitement while I lay on my bed. Pretty relieved no one could see me; I would have looked ridiculous.

After hanging up from Alex, I knocked then entered the den where Callen was poring over some legal documents. With his back to me he said, "Come in."

"I am," I said smiling at him "Hey Cal, do you have a moment for me?"

"Sure bud, what's up?" He put his pen down and swiveled to face me as I planted my ass in the wing back chair to his right.

"I want to quickly feel you out, about Alex and myself starting a relationship." I look him right in the eye so he knows I'm serious.

"I'm cautiously optimistic."

"What the heck does that mean?"

"Alex... " Callen lets out a big sigh. "Alex hasn't had it easy. I want you to be careful and take it slow."

"I'm not a kid anymore, Cal." Now I'm slightly irritated.

"I know you're not and I'm not trying to treat you like one, but you have to understand. I have you, my career and my friendship with Alex. 

That's it. Nothing else." Callen is waving his arm around. "I'm not trying to pull the Dad card with you but YOU are the most important thing to me. I can't survive without you. I need you here in my life day-to-day at the moment. We lost everything important to us once; we will not lose each other."

"Is that why you insisted I move here with you?"

"Partly, I guess, but the last four years I have been your guardian. Keeping the relationship between us more parent to child. While neither of us is married or committed to anyone, we have the opportunity to get to know each other as brothers and adults. We've earned the right to at least that. I have to go where they send me but you're lucky you can work from anywhere. I know it was an inconvenience but I promised to help you get off of the ground here and I meant it."

I could see that Callen was tearing up, so I sat there to give him a moment to collect himself before I continued and he had me on the verge of tears.

"I get it. Sorry, I didn't mean to upset you. What did you mean by Alex hasn't had it easy?"

"You will have to ask him, it's not my place to reveal anything personal, just like I wouldn't give away anything personal about you." God I love my brother - loyal to a fault.

"That's fair enough." I stood, which prompted my brother to do the same. Leaning forward I pull him into a hug and hold him tight. Whispering in his ear, "Thank you, I love you Cal and promise to take it slow."

Leaving the room, I turn and asked, "Are you lonely Cal?"

He had sat down again and swiveled his chair to face me and replied, "I know I am alone, but no, I'm not lonely, Trace. Thank you for asking. Mum and Dad would be so proud of you."

I didn't believe him about being lonely, but smiled at his praise and mumbled a thank you as I left for the bathroom to get ready for bed.

*-*-*

Last night, Alex called. We had a meaningful conversation and flirted a little. Every time I talk to him or I'm near him, I fall just a little bit. I'm pretty sure I'm up the proverbial creek so to speak. I voiced my concerns from Wednesday night, and he assured me not to worry since he isn't used to being 'out' in public. Working in construction isn't really a place to let your orientation be known so he tried to be careful, but that doesn't mean it won't change. He will get used it, as it's never really been an issue before. I told him I'd spoken to Cal about us and he agreed we should try to take it slow. Let our hearts catch up to the feelings in our underpants is how he put it. Funny guy. Oh yeah, we also agreed to get tested before we do anything that would put either of us at risk.

Friday arrived at a very slow pace. Jase and I jogged around the park, chit chatting about this and that. While we were doing our warm down stretches, I couldn't help but check out Jase's body. He had strong well-muscled legs, no doubt from running and skating. His top half wasn't bad either, with the nice V shape but not overly so, gently defined to reveal he obviously takes care of himself. He stood up straight and looked at me, his mousy brown hair plastered to his head with sweat.

"Did you want to go out to dinner tomorrow night?"

"I wish I could, but I'm sort of seeing someone."

"Oh, OK. Sorry I didn't know." He looked disappointed.

"Don't be, it's new." I smiled kindly. "Look Jase, it doesn't mean I don't want to hang out with you. You're my only friend here in Florida and I would like it to continue. I have the Art and Craft fair in the morning but why don't we find something to do Saturday afternoon?"

"That sounds great. I'll call you and we'll sort something out." He returned my smile.

We left things there and went our separate ways for the day. Cool! I hope we can become better friends, otherwise life will become a little lonely I think without him. I hope he does call me tomorrow; Jase is fun and I enjoy his company.

I had decided to sell some smaller pieces at the local monthly Art and Craft fair which is held on Saturday mornings from eight to noon at the local Episcopalian Church. I met Father Paul when I was helping a lady try and wrangle her unruly escaped mongrel. He ran straight up to the church and in the front doors. I just about knocked the poor Father on his ass. Thank the Lord he saw the funny side.

Father runs the fair and maintains Art and Sports programs for Under 25's in the area. Youth Group, I think he called it. The fair is one of his programs to let local kids show off their work and make a little money for College or their family. He's no pushover either. I had to show him some of my work and prove to him I was making it myself. He didn't want any buying and reselling at his fair.

Father Paul came to visit my workshop sometime last week to make sure I was on the up and up. He is an interesting guy full of passion for kids and young adults. The whole point of the fair was to build the confidence of younger members of the church. Not that I was a member, but he let me be involved. I think he's hopeful I'll become one.

He told me we pay part of our profits as a donation back to the church for the fair costs. It wasn't much at all considering they provided the place, the market stalls and even did a little advertising. I also discovered that Father Paul helped out and provided materials to some of the less fortunate kids with the leftover monies from the takings.

Enough background on the fair! After finding out what he did to help the kids I have decided to make extra knickknacks to sell from my throwaway scraps. Nothing fancy, but little abstract things pleasing to the eye which would probably sell. I would donate the full amount of money from these to Father Paul on top of my donation from normal takings.

That is how I spent today, making knickknacks. I had a ball! My creative juices must have been flowing. It certainly kept my mind off of the excitement of my dinner-date with Alex. I had little men in weird positions - not sexual, you have dirty minds - made from left over 3mm wire as well as flowers which looked like they were blowing in the wind. Coasters with little wood chunks glued together with a light resin top so they stayed together. You get the gist. The ideas were quick and easy and would make Callen happy that I got rid of what he called clutter.

Once I had set out all the pieces with resin to dry overnight, closed up the workshop and cleaned up a touch, I flew down to the local liquor store and grabbed a bottle of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. On the way back in my rusty but ever so faithful beast of a truck - I call him Trusty Rusty - I came across a florist. Standing in front of the store for a moment, having the internal debate: 'should I? ...shouldn't I?' my sappy side won. The further into the store I got, the more my head spun.

So many decisions! Holy crap how does anyone ever buy anything? There are way too many options. Most were very feminine and Alex is definitely not. An older gentleman must have seen me struggling and came over to help. I'm pretty sure it was because I started touching everything in sight. He pointed out different flower types, what they meant and what they were called. I finally overcame my shyness, fessed up it is for our first dinner date and we had known each other since childhood.

I arrived back home happier but poor. I hope Alex likes to receive flowers, or in my case, flower. It's a nice deep purple cymbidium orchid in a long cylindrical vase. The florist put some colored pebbles in the base and fit the bottom of the orchid with a water sock so all Alex would have to do is take the sock off and fill the vase with water.

Onto the shower and decision of what to wear for the evening, I so missed that gay gene. Ugh!! I hate choosing clothes. I'm going safe tonight with a pair of dark khakis and a nice burgundy button down with loafers.

Done.

Alrighty, hair combed, dressed, teeth white and I smell pretty. Ready to roll.

*-*-*

Alex opened the front door. I barely saw him as he rushed away bellowing, "Come in, come in, I have to stir the sauce." 

I closed the door and followed him through to the kitchen. I have no idea how I made it there on shaky legs and the butterflies in my stomach going berserk. Leaving the sauce to simmer he came over to me. I handed him the wine and flower. Putting the flower on the kitchen bench, he looked at the wine.

"Nice, this will go great with dinner. Thank you." He put it in the refrigerator. Next he turned to the flower and turned the vase around on the spot.

"I hope you don't mind, it's a cymbidium orchid. Take the water sock off, fill the vase and put the orchid firmly in the pebbles and you'll have a submerged orchid. I have been promised the effect is something else."

Alex followed my directions, and then put it in the middle of dining room table. With the lighting, it looked spectacular. He walked back to me and put his arm around my waist, while we stood there for a moment looking at the vase. I lay my head on his shoulder and Alex kissed the top of my head.

"l love it, Trace; it's pretty impressive. And you look so handsome tonight. "

I blushed like a twelve year old girl.

The wine went perfectly with dinner; he made chicken with boscaiola sauce over fettuccini. It was very romantic, with Alex holding my hand and listening to me while I talked about the fair and Father Paul. We had American style cheesecake with a raspberry glaze for dessert. The entire meal was delicious. After clearing the dishes and cleaning the kitchen, we moved to the couch to watch a movie.

We snuggled while some Bruce Willis action flick played on the television. I looked up at Alex with affection in my eyes. God, I love being in this man's arms. It's like they built him custom made just for me. He lifted his hand and ran it over my hair and settled on my neck rubbing his thumb along my bottom lip. Leaning down he put his lips to mine lightly, licking my bottom lip asking for entry. As soon as there was air between my lips, his tongue forced its way through into my mouth exploring every corner of it. Once our tongues met they commenced a seductive dance that left us both breathless.

In one very cool and swift move, Alex lifted his leg, wrapped his arm behind my hips and pulled me further along the couch. I was now lying on my back and he was on top of me. Smooth. He pressed his lips to mine and again his tongue dancing with passion, trying to dominate mine, one hand supporting him, the other running up and down the side of my body. He put his hand up inside my shirt and pinched my nipple. My hips jerked upwards pressing his hardness against mine. We both moaned at the pleasure we felt.

Alex nipped and kissed his way down my jaw to my collar bone, moving up behind my ear and hit a spot causing me to release a guttural moan. Breathing him in, he smells heavenly, like soap and a scent which is purely him - so manly. I'm-A-Gonner. My hands reached under his shirt rubbing his skin up and down his back, pulling him to me while I writhe beneath him, our throbbing hard cocks rubbing together through our pants. Oh. My. God. I can't handle this; I need more.

"God, Alex. I need more."

"What do you want?"

"I don't know," I panted "I need to be closer to you."

I tugged at his shirt and pulled it over his head as he sat up to let me remove it. 'Well, fuck me, I'm done for, he's built like a God,' I thought to myself. I let my hands run all through his hairy chest, tweaking a nipple with one, while the other gently runs through the hair of his gorgeous treasure trail.

Alex is looking down directly into my eyes from his kneeling position above me, watching me as I explore his magnificent torso. I sit up straight next to him. Everything we talked about last night was out the window. Can't help it; I'm over the edge flat out in love with this man.

"Fuck, your beautiful," I say. Leaning forward I stick my tongue in his belly button, swirl it around while trying to undo his pants' zipper. His big hands come down, grab mine and pull them away from his crutch.

"Wait, wait, wait, Trace. We made a promise to each other - we need to keep it."

I flop backwards, and cover my eyes with my arm.

"Ugh!! If I ever get my hands on your Maturity Card I'm gonna burn the sucker." I say it with a straight face while I try to calm down. HA!! Who am I kidding? Look what's in front of me. I'll be lucky if the damn thing ever goes soft again. 

God, he's flawless, absolutely text-book gorgeous.

Alex slides off of the couch, grabs his shirt and puts it back on. Fucker! He's just so pretty to look at. He grabs my hand and pulls me from the couch to stand in his embrace, lightly kissing me once, twice, three times - then deepens the kiss for a minute before breaking away to give me this loving look that went to my very soul.

"We need to do this babe. These are the hardest promises we will ever have to keep. If we can manage this, every other promise we make to each other will be a breeze to honor."

"Where is that damn card." I start going through his pockets.

Alex chuckles and says, "You should probably get going, it's getting late and I don't know how much self-control I have in reserve." He kisses me gently and follows with, "what are you doing tomorrow?"

"I have the fair in the morning, then Jase and I will be hanging out for the afternoon. Oh, by the way, in the name of full disclosure, Jase asked me out this morning. I told him I was seeing someone. Don't worry; I didn't tell him it was you." Fuck, did I just out Jase? What was I thinking just throwing out other people's business?

"You can tell Jase. I'm not hiding and you will never be my dirty little secret. I just haven't come across a situation for people to know I'm gay. I'm also mindful of places where it can be an issue, like a construction site or locker room. While we're on the subject, can we keep it cool around the hockey guys for now? I would rather tell them on our own terms than have them find out. At least then we can gauge their true reaction or they'll have time to deal with it at the very least. I'd also like to know we're solid before we go down that road."

"I can understand your concern. What about Jase and work; will that be a problem if he knows?"

"Nope, that kid is loyal and an all-round good guy. He already knows I'm gay and I know about him. He would never out anybody. His coming out was hard, deceitful and downright cruel a lot like yours, but he didn't have his family's support."
