 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

This story is totally unrelated to the previous "Unexpected Aid" and is just titled that way due to their similar nature. They are separate stories within a series. 

All characters are over 18.

*****

There was my half naked, beefy dad on his knees sucking his buddy's dick. He was in his shorts and shirtless, stroking his own huge erection with his hands through the thin material of his running shorts. 

His friend was kinda hot too, and had a good size dick at around eight inches. He was moaning and thrusting forward as my dad took his entire length in his throat. He had clearly been doing this for a while now. And I wasn't surprised. 

My dad was a sexualy frustrated man. His wife, my mom, was a cold bitch that suddenly changed attitudes about her life when she had a miscarriage about three years ago now. She blamed it on my dad for some reason, and decided that she didn't want anything to do with him anymore. But they were still legally married and lived together with me in the house at nineteen, for my own sake. I knew everything though; she wasn't a quiet person when they were fighting or discussing stuff. 

So it had been a few years since dad had gotten a good, legitimate fuck. They had sometimes come around to each other and started it up but it wasn't the same; I knew because I had heard my dad and mom talk about it to others and I didn't hear my mom screaming about my dad's huge dick as much when they did fuck, which was like once every two months. 

So she, being a middle aged woman, moved away from sex, while my still virile father grew frustrated with his full balls and hard dick. I had noticed him acting weird around the house lately, and I decided to get off work early one day to see what was going on in here while he thought both me and my mom were out in our own business. And this is what I found.

Not that I was disappointed or anything. I had done it a few times myself, although I had more been sucked off by other guys horny for a giant dick instead of sucking myself. After graduating high school I had decided to stay home for a year, which was now coming to an end, to raise money for college later by working the whole year. My parents didn't mind but I didn't spend too much time in here anyway, so I went out with friends to play video games or just hang out regularly. Before that, in high school, I was in the football team, and I was one of the stars. And all the legal stars in the team got sucked off by the legal cheerleaders in the locker room before each game. One time we kept the sex mood going after the last game at a friend's house, where a friend of mine said he wanted to taste me, which led to the whole bi thing that we still have going on now. I became famous after that first night. But that's another story. 

I had decided I was slightly bi, but only for foreplay and soft core stuff, since I had no intention of fucking a dude. Regardless, I was still interested in what more devoted guys could offer me, or vice versa. I do love a good mouthful of thick cum from time to time.

That's why I was so intently watching my dad blowing another dude. I had been stroking my bare cut cock since I found them in the living room. I was so hot and hard from watching them I had to cup my hand under my cock head to catch the extra precum it squirted and spread it on my sweaty torso. 

His friend was starting to moan harder and longer and you could see that his naked, lean form was perspiring thoroughly now, ready for orgasm. Frothy spit and precum foam was beginning to appear where my dad's lips met the throbbing meat of his friend. 

Then I heard a strained groan come from his friend's clenched teeth and I knew that he was cumming. My muscular dad swallowed the whole thing like a champ, which made me throb hard. My erection was leaking so much juice that I was rubbing handfuls of it all over my body even after covering my vast cock and balls; that's how horny my dad had me. 

All of a sudden my dad's friend's phone rang in his bunched up pants. It was a message from his wife, apparently needing him urgently for something. I heard him apologise to my dad, although it seemed like he was apologising to my dad's impressive bulge, since he was looking down at it, while he dressed up and left.

I had been standing outside between the bushes near the window of the family, half naked, jacking off and rubbing my own muscles. I stayed in position after I heard the car of my dad's friend turn on and leave. I had parked in a park nearby so that it wouldn't be obvious I was home.

After pulling my pants back up I ran to the front door and went in quietly. I took off my shoes and socks and tiptoed down the hall to the entrance of the family. There he was.

He was standing next to the couch caressing his hairy pecs with one hand and massaging his giant balls with the other. And holy shit were his balls huge! They were the size of oranges, and his dick was long and rock hard, pointing to the ceiling boldly. His furry abs were rippling with his breaths and the pleasure he was giving himself. He was a little sweaty, and his lips were still deep red from sucking on a thick cock. He looked heavenly. Like a muscular, hairy, hung angel. 

His cock was uncut and couldn't look any juicier than it did. It was slick, just like mine, with its own juices that he had clearly smeared all over the length. He looked so fucking delicious and suckable like that. 

I had retained my stiff member back in my cargo shorts before coming in, which hurt. But now I began undressing quietly and I had to step back from the entrance otherwise when I released my cock it would bounce right into view. I hadn't put my shirt back on after lathering my bulging muscles with my sauce, so I just had to take off my pants and underwear.

Soon enough I was fully naked and I began to make a plan for how I would approach my hunky dad. I was definitely doing it, I just had to come up with what to say and how to walk in to make myself look as desirable as possible. I mean, I'm pretty desirable even if I walk in there and trip over myself, but I wanted to make sure. 

Finally satisfied with my plan, I decided to go and satisfy my own heated father. I stroked my cock a few times to draw more oil to rub my shaft and get it glossy and as hard as it will get. 

I took a deep breath and walked through to the family room, making my dad jump with his dick in his two hands. He tried to cover up, but I noticed his dick jump and tense I when he laid eyes first on my physique and then my massive prong. I could feel his big brown eyes traveling from the base of my cock to my angry, purple head. 

"TRAVIS! WHAT THE FUCK DUDE?" He said.

"Nice dick dad. I didn't know you had such huge balls." I replied calmly, yet hungrily. I wanted to let him know I wanted his dick.

"What... What did you just say? You shouldn't see me like this. How long have you been here?!" He said, struggling to keep his rock hard dong from leaving his grip and showing himself to me. 

"Dad stop covering up. I saw everything you did to your friend and I understand. I just want to please that hot prick of yours. You're so frustrated with sex and I want to help. I won't think of you any less if you show me and let me do my thing, and then if you want, you can have my dick and even have some fun with our bodies!" I said excitedly, walking over to him. I didn't hold my cock as I walked, instead let it bounce along with my long stride until I reached him. 

"No, Travis, we shouldn't do this. You shouldn't see your own father this way," He pleaded.

"I don't fucking care dad. I want to help you. Now get those hands off that thick meat and sit on the couch." I said confidently, pointing to where I wanted him to go. My cock was larger, I had him bested by three inches in height, and my muscles were more defined and thicker. He had no choice but to obey me. I even puffed out my chest and flexed my cock.

He was still hesitating, so I pulled his hands away from his gorgeous cock, and he let me. It bounced up, the long shaft slapping my own. I took hold of his dick and squeezed, feeling the crazy hardness of him, then pushed him down to the couch. He tried to grab at my cock but I slapped his hand away. He became instantly interested in me after I showed him I was calling the shots now.

I could barely wrap my hand around his girth. He was so thick and so fucking long. I let go and ran over to the little office we had right in the family and got a fifteen inch ruler. I went back and took his dick and placed the ruler under the massive slab of beef. Fuck! He was a foot long! It was beautiful. But I was gonna have a hard time with this one since I was used to eight inches at most. 

I put the ruler on the end of the couch and grabbed his dick with both my hands. He was so huge his head still showed even though I had both my hands on his beauty. I started giving him full length strokes with both my hands to get him super extra hard. As I did this he moaned and shifted on the couch, barely able to control his body from the pleasure. It was clear he hadn't come in a while.

I moved my hands from his cock to his gonads. Fucking shit! His balls were heavy and hard! I looked down and saw them swollen, their sack barely able to contain their size. They were each the size of oranges. I massaged them and squeezed them lovingly in my hands, hoping he would give me their whole contents. 

My sexy father's cock got thicker and his moaning grew louder till they became screams almost. His balls I could feel were beginning to bunch up between his hard, muscled, hairy legs, so I brought the hand that had been comforting them back to the deep red shaft to jack their master as hard as he deserved.

I found the way his foreskin glided up and down his length to be mighty mesmerizing. All in all his cock was just beautiful. I couldn't believe my mom didn't want a piece of this. I would be begging for it breakfast, lunch, and dinner!

He began to ooze excess of his manly juices to lubricate himself, and I used my finger to collect it and spread it on his length. Finally I saw the biggest load of pre cum coming out of his slit and I realized that it was finally time for him to cum. I flexed my pecs and aimed his staff to them. This was gonna be a big load but my large chest would surely catch it all. 

In a few more strokes he came with a loud groan. He looked so fucking hot, his muscles flexing and his huge dick spasming and shooting his warm liquid all over my pecs. He came like a hose, covering my meaty pecs with seven long strands of delicious cum. I kept jacking him throughout his orgasm, and I was anxious to begin eating up his come. 

I didn't leave his cock until the spasms died down, which took a minute. By then his seed had begun dripping from my hard nipples or collecting between my pecs. After his orgasm ended officially I began scooping up his load from my chest to my mouth, tasting my own father's musky seed. I was savoring the same essence I had come from, and it was delightful.

"Holy shit, boy! You sure can stroke cock!" My dad exclaimed, still breathing somewhat hard. His cock was still rigid and proudly erect, which means I would get the chance to taste him firsthand. 

"I don't think these huge nuts are even running low though, so I'm afraid I'm gonna have to keep going," I said, taking the last bit of cum from my right nipple and slurping it up to my mouth. 

"Oh fuck, Travis. You wanna suck this dick?" He asked me lustfully.

"More than that! I wanna throat your whole shaft," I responded. I grabbed his red cock by the base and aimed it at my parted lips. Then I licked the bead of precum that had formed while he watched me lick up his cum, making him groan deeply, and then shoved his plum sized knob in my mouth, making him moan loudly and put his hand behind my head. 

I felt a blast of precum hit the back of my mouth as soon as he entered me. I was sucking hard on the head like it was a lollipop. I might have well have been sucking on one, since my dad's cock head was perfectly round and smooth when the foreskin was pulled back and it tasted amazing! I enthusiastically sucked on his deep red helmet and bobbed on it, lapping at the spewing cum hole. 

Then I started taking more, keeping the bobbing motion but reducing the strong sucking, until his bloated cock blocked my windpipe as I took him down my throat. The biggest dick I had ever deepthroated was 8 inches long and nice and thick. I was gonna go deeper than ever with my dad.

"You hanging in there, son? I know it's big." 

"MFGHFLFGH" was all I could say with that much dick in my throat. I had gone up for air twice, but had swallowed almost the whole thing, save for three to four inches that were still cold. 

Occasionally my teeth would scrape at his skin, and I would look up to see if I was hurting him. But he either didn't mind or didn't notice through all the awesome pleasure I was bringing him. He was just so thick that it was nearly impossible not to touch him with teeth; and it would be the same with me. I would get scraped too, when girls or my friends sucked me off, but I didn't care as long as I come and it isn't anything major. Now I realize how hard it is to keep your teeth off a thick ass dick!

Speaking of my dick, it was getting desperate as I sucked the last inches of my dad's length into my mouth. It was obvious my dad was getting ready to finish in my stomach, so I didn't hurry to get to my own cock. 

In a few more minutes he was thickening and his balls were next to my cheeks. I pulled back for a breath and plunged the whole shaft back in, making him finally cum a second time.

"FUUUUUUUUUCK!!" my dad yelled. I had a foot long beast in my esophagus, shooting thick loads of sperm straight down to my stomach. After a minute he was done cumming and with a blue face I pulled out for a much needed breath. 

"Your cock is fucking awesome dad!!" I said. I was holding my sticky chest, with one hand by my side. After relaxing, my dad helped me up from the floor where I was kneeling and sat me down on his lap. His soaked prick was down, but it was still a thick looking semi. Sitting on his left thigh, I felt his hairy quads under me, my thick ass covering up a lot of surface area as I sat and my grapefruit sized swollen testicles draping on his tree trunk like legs.

He hugged me back to his torso, letting me feel his hard, hairy muscles on my own muscular back, with made me blush and my cock jerk up and throb. He opened up my legs so that I was basically sitting with my ass slightly parted over his crotch and a leg over each one of his. My balls then covered up his cock almost halfway with the sack and dwarfed his own. Then he began caressing my muscled and cut abdomen, tracing my happy trail under my bellybutton all the way up to the patch of hair in the middle of my beefy pecs. He caressed my ripped torso, formed by football and working out, which got me super excited as always. He even tweaked my nipples, which always brought a pulse of oils from my balls. I just shifted my back against his body to feel his hairy muscles even more while moaning.

He was nibbling at my well developed traps while he eyeballed my rock hard erection. I looked to the side and saw the hungry look he was giving my enormous penis, getting excited at what he would do to it. I couldn't wait. 

Finally he traced my fur trail down to my lower abs, then down to my trimmed pubes, where he took hold of my cock for the first time. I got shivers and goosebumps as he pet me, but now I was just paralyzed with desperation. I could feel his cock rising, lifting my heavy balls along with it.

He began jacking my dick like he was masturbating while I just moaned and squeezed my pecs. He was using both hands and still there were several inches left unattended, but he regularly moved his top hand to different parts of my schlong to make sure my entire meat got beat. I would have never thought my dad would give such great hand jobs, but I am happy he does; it's one of my favorite things to do with other males. 

"I don't know how I never noticed this heavenly cock on you, son," he lamented.

"I am sad I never noticed how frustrated you are sexually. I would have been more than happy to make you shoot a weekly wad; even a daily wad would be awesome."

"That would be awesome. But something even better is having a piece of this monster my beefcake of a son is packing!" He exclaimed, speeding his gliding hands and tightening his grip.

"Oh, God, dad! You can have the whole thing if you're gonna treat it like this!" I exclaimed back. He growled at my offer, and he continued to diligently jack my crank like a pro. I could not keep my mouth shut and I moaned and yelled at him to be harsher. That's how I like my prick to be treated and it triggers insane explosions from my balls.

So he did just that. He punished my giant dick with his death grip and unreal speed. He even let me near orgasm and stopped, slapping or punching my dick as I screamed in agony from having my orgasm denied. But I loved every second of it. 

His grip and speed was relentless and it did not waver one bit until I started showering us in thick cum. Because I was on top of him, most of it fell on me after my dick blasted it upwards almost to the ceiling. I screamed and shouted the whole time from the moment I went over the edge. Afterwards, I felt woozy and just lay on top of him like a rag doll while he squeezed up extra cum from my dick with one hand and scooped up cum with the other hand to put in his mouth. 

"Thank you so much, son, that was quite an exciting blast," he said cheerily.

"No problem, dad. Anytime, really. I'm pretty much always horny and surely you are too," I said with a tired smile.

"Oh yeah, I sure am. But we're not done here," he responded.

"Oh..." I said as he pointed to both our hard pricks. It seems we're just getting started!