 I am bent over my stall table; a shadow looms over the top of me.

A voice quietly says, "Do you sell those metal cock rings here?"

I stand up so quick my head spins, with me staring into a set of mischievous green eyes.

"Well do ya?" he asks, a big smile on his face.

"Jase, you Asshole!"

That, right then, is the moment Father Paul decides to appear at my stall.

"Sorry, Father." I am mortified.

Where is Jase you ask? That's right! Doubled over on the ground laughing hysterically. Asshole!

"Father, this used to be my friend Jase."

"Jase, how are you? We haven't seen you around here for a while."

Jase lifts himself up to shake Father Paul's hand.

"Busy, busy; you know how it can get."

"I'm glad you're here. Actually, I was going to ask Tracy, but I think you might be just what the doctor ordered." Jase looks at me, I shrug. He looks back at Father Paul. "Jase, do you remember a young boy by the name of Cory Peters?"

"Sure Father, his parents were friends with mine. His Dad died not long ago, cancer I believe."

"His Mom has just found out she is ill; she has cancer. Terminal, I'm afraid."

Jase and I gasp at the same time.

"Oh Jeez, Father, how old is this poor kid?" I exclaim.

"He's about to turn fourteen. He didn't handle his father's death well. But he seemed ok, normal grieving for a young boy – I suppose. However, when he found out his Mum was sick too, he became defiant, aggressive and a very angry kid. He has been brought home by the police a few times now, drunk, up to who knows what and they have advised her next time he will be charged. They have also contacted CPS regarding his behaviour. She is beside herself, as what to do."

"Poor family, it's a lot for a kid to deal with."

"I was wondering, Jase, if you could have a chat with him. Maybe take him under your wing a little. See if you can find out what's happening and maybe draw him back from the dark side so to speak."

"Sure Father, happy to. You know I'm not on speaking terms with my family and he may not be very receptive."

"Just give it your best shot."

"Ok! I'll talk to him before I leave; see what we are dealing with."

Father Paul nods and pats Jase's shoulder as he moves along the stalls of the fair.

"Hey Jase, I spoke to Chewy last night. Says he wants to get the team together this afternoon for a game of touch football. I told him I'd talk to you first and get back to him. Did you want to go?"

"Yeah sure, sounds fun; text me the details. I'd better go and find Cory. I'll see you this afternoon." He waves and wanders off.

I text Alex, telling him we were in. He texts back with the time and place, which I forward to Jase. After that it's quitting time, so I pack up my stall, count my takings and separate what had to be given to the church. Once I finish loading 'Trusty Rusty,' I head back to help the younger kids who needed some assistance getting their artwork packed and stalls brought down.

I'd managed to sell $520 of my goods and another $200 of knickknacks. I'm pretty proud of myself, if I do say so. I find Father Paul talking to the parents of an artist who took photos. He introduces me and we all have a quick conversation about the state of education and the arts being underfunded in schools. I hand an envelope to Father, thank him and make a polite exit.

Just as I have one foot in the car, the Father catches up with me. He's panting like crazy.

"Jeez, Father, you need to start running with me and Jase in the mornings. It's only 3 days a week, you might live longer." I commented with some levity.

"Ha! You'd think so, but probably not. I could barely catch you now." He's still trying to catch his breath. "I think you have given me the wrong envelope."

"Um! – $226 should be in there. If it's not enough Father let me get you some more."

"On the contrary, it's way too much; the most we usually get is about fifteen dollars."

"Ah well! Me and God have a deal; it's between me and him. If he comes through with his end of the bargain no amount of money will be enough. Just promise me some of it will go to materials for one of the kids that can't afford it." I wink at the Father and continue with my day. 

Looking in my side mirror as I drive off, I observe the poor Father standing there, looking in the envelope and scratching his head. I chuckle as I recall the deal I made with God late one night. Find my brother someone awesome to love and make him happy. Send Sasha, well, I don't care where; just away from us will be fine.

*-*-*

I see my brother, Alex, Jase and another I didn't recognise throwing the ball around. I walk over to Callen and give him a hug. 

"Where is everyone?" I'm being lifted off of my feet into a backwards bear hug. I can barely breathe.

"I want one too," says Alex.

"Put me down you big bully!" I scream. Very manly of course; everyone thinks it's funny.

Alex returns me to my feet. I swing around, pointing my finger at him. He just smiles and takes off running around hiding behind the guys. As I get close enough to catch him, he flies off toward the cars. I head off after him managing to catch up, jump on his back and cause him to go down like a sack of potatoes. Ooh Yeah! He lands on his back with me now straddling him and tapping light punches into his chest with both fists while he laughs.

"I better get off of you; I'm starting to get hard."

Standing up on my feet again, Alex grabs me in a headlock and drags me back to where most of the team now stands, watching us tussle. 

"We'll definitely continue that later," he growls in my ear.

"Bring it on old man." I get a wedgy for my smart mouth. Apparently this is also funny.

Jase introduces Cory to the team. He's a big kid for almost fourteen. He still has some puppy fat, but also has some muscle. The poor kid just stands there looking like a deer in the headlights. I feel for him. 

Slapping him on the back I bellow, "Are you ready for some Football?"

Huh! I make him smile – Cute. The teams are split up between Alex and Callen. I am on Callen's team and I'm taking Alex down.

No such luck, they keep calling penalties on me. I'm sure they aren't real. The first play, standing there ready to run, my pants are shoved to my ankles. This is a penalty because I have to wear pants when I play. I don't remember seeing this in the rule book. 

Fourth play – Remmy trips just before the touchdown line – penalty on me – tackling in a game of touch football. I happen to be sitting on the bench tying my shoelace at the time.

The game continues this way for about an hour. According to Callen they had run out of fake penalties. The mention of beer and the Lazy Flamingo has everyone's attention, so off we go. The place is loud and lively with conversation and good spirits. The boys who got here first managed to commandeer a few tables and put them together. I'm sitting in the middle next to Alex, Cory and Jase are sitting opposite us. We all had our fill and are sitting around shooting the breeze, mostly about tomorrow's hockey game.

Some drunken asshole stops at our table.

"Cory!" The drunk, screeches. 

"Hey, Michael," Cory replies timidly.

"What the fuck are you doing here with this FAG?!"

Cory sits there, not knowing what to do. I can see the scared look on his face. I leant forward and say to Cory, "Do you know this asshole?"

"He's my brother." Jase, replies.

"Your brother?!" I screech, a lot louder than I intended.

You can literally feel the atmosphere change in the entire room to one of tension. Other patrons are now looking at our table.

The entire table stares at this asshole, except Jase who looks down at his hands and starts trembling. I can see the unshed tears in his eyes.

"Cory, you better come with me. You don't want these fairies turning you into a homo." 

"Excuse me!" Callen stands and faces off with the asshole.

Jase stands up and throws thirty dollars on the table. "Please don't let him follow me. I don't want him to know where I live." Tapping Cory on the shoulder, he adds, "Come on Cory let's get you home." Thankfully, Cory follows Jase out the door. I watch as the two walk dejectedly to his car.

When I turn back to the excitement, Dom, Alex and Remmy are standing four wide with Callen. Arms folded across their chests, their legs are shoulder width apart. It's a pretty intimidating sight to see these four in formation. Funnily enough – but not for a drunk with no filter or boundaries – he's dancing around in front of the four, taunting them.

"What are you gonna do? Huh! Hit me. Go on I dare ya, ya bunch of fairies. Protecting that weak piece of shit, pervert. Watch ya back fellas. Oh don't drop the soap." He starts laughing.

I can see the manager coming from behind the bar, in our direction. He sure didn't seem in hurry to get to us. I don't suppose I would be either with four pissed of giants and one drunken fuckwit.

"C'mon fellas, what can you do? C'mon hit me! I dare ya, in front of God and all these witnesses."

So Dom does as he was requested. He nails him square in the jaw, knocking him over a chair and onto his ass. The whole place goes up in applause. Now the manager has finally arrived.

"You all need to leave NOW!" He spouts.

We all throw some money on the table, no-one really caring if it covers the bill, exiting the building to our cars. We all acknowledge goodbyes and see you tomorrows. 

I had a shower when I got home, and am sitting on my bed putting my socks on, thinking about the look on Jase's face. It breaks my heart. It's only seven, so I call Alex.

"Alex, can you please give me Jase's address. I don't know where he lives and I want to check on him."

"I'm already on my way to you to pick you up, Trace. I want to check and make sure he is not beating himself up and I knew you would want to come. I'll honk when I'm out front."

I finish getting dressed in jeans, a black concert t-shirt and boots. The horn sounds, I pick up my keys, wallet and a baseball cap and run downstairs. Getting into the cab of the truck Alex asked about the cap and chuckles when I tell him it was because I didn't have a chance to do my hair.

Pulling up outside Jase's I notice Callen's truck. When I point it out to Alex, he just shrugs his shoulders. I turn to look around the yard while Alex knocks on the door. It was recently mowed and the garden plots of green shrubbery were all trimmed nicely. He sure does take a lot of pride in how he lives.

Jase opens the door revealing red and swollen eyes. He steps to the side and indicates for us to come in. As soon as he shuts the door, I pull him into the tightest hug, his head buried in my chest. The poor guy releases a whole lot of tears into my shirt, while I rub his back, swaying with him in my arms, gently shushing him. Alex puts one hand on my back, the other on Jase's head and runs his hands over it gently. I ask Alex in a whisper to get Callen to make us all a coffee. He kisses the side of my head, as well as Jase's, and goes off to find him.

Once the tears had subsided, still in each other's arms, I steer us to where the other boys are. Callen had just finished making the coffees, moving them to the dining room table. We all sit around the table, not really saying anything. I reach out and grabbed Jase's hand, without any intention of retracting it. Resting my head on my other arm, I look up at him.

"Are you going to be Ok?"

"I guess I should be used to it by now, Huh?"

"I don't think you should ever have to get used to that, especially from family."

"We can't all be lucky as you, Trace." He squeezes my hand.

"I'm lucky to have Callen, and I know it." I look over to Callen and smile.

I notice a deck of cards on the buffet. Standing to reach them, I get bossy.

"Enough of this shit! Callen, please make some more coffee, Jase, please put on some music. I've got the cards. Alex, please find some munchies in the pantry." I grin at everyone as they stare at me. "Come on people. Chop, Chop. Time's a waistin' and there's fun to be had." I was now enthusiastically clapping my hands. 

They all went about the duties they were assigned. Coming back to the table, Alex handed out the coffees; Callen brought a wood board topped with cheese, water crackers, grapes and cut up apples; Jase came back and sat, turned, pushed a button on a remote and George Strait was playing softly in the background. It was just loud enough to hear, but would not interfere with the conversation.

"Ah! Now this is a way to spend Saturday night. Fun, good snacks, drinks and almost sub-par company." I laughed while Alex grabbed the back of my neck and gently shook me side to side – much to the amusement of the other two. 

Callen and I were partners that night. We got mowed over, four games to two. I blame Alex because I couldn't concentrate. He kept enclosing his feet around mine, then would rub along my legs. I was sporting an erection the entire time we were playing cards. The ass knew what he was doing. Every time I had to adjust myself I heard him snicker. Payback's a bitch my friend. Your time is coming.

*-*-*

Alex is staying here tonight. We do our bathroom routines, then slip into bed facing each other in our boxers. I lean forward to gently kiss him. He opens for me as my tongue slides in his warm, welcoming mouth. As we deepen the kiss, my hardness is humping against his hip looking for the friction it needs. I don't know how much longer I can wait.

While I'm nibbling his ear, moaning, Alex lifts me easily on top of him. Our state of arousal is only separated by our silky boxers, soaked with mutual excitement. Alex bucks his hips into mine. I release a quiet moan.

I use one hand to gently remove his underwear, while running my other through the mat of hair on his chest. I slide up where we engage in a passionate kiss. His mouth is lusciously warm and soft. 

Alex breaks the kiss, moaning into my mouth. "Fuck Tracy! We need to stop."

"I done waiting. I need you, Alex." I feel out of control.

Sliding back down, I take him into my mouth. I pull down my boxers, stroking myself in concert with his pleasure. A make out a barely audible "come with me" as I feel Alex draw to his climax. He guides my head as he drives himself down my throat and explodes. 

I swallow for all my life is worth, not wanting lose a single drop. This is when I erupt, spraying all the way down my stomach.

Alex pulls me up to him and kisses me; it was passionate yet it felt like love.

He gently kisses me again and rests his forehead against mine.

"No regrets?" I question him earnestly, looking in his eyes.

"I'm in real trouble. This wasn't the plan but I've fallen for you – so, so deeply."

My eyes are shining with tears, as are his.

"You're not the only one – I'm hooked and I'm never letting go!" 

There I lay, snuggled in his arms. 

Yummy!!

*****

Thankyou to Ricky for taking the time to help, edit and support my attempt.