 Mmmm... sleep, I reach over to touch Alex as I'm waking but the bed is cold. I listen for him in the bathroom. Nope not in there. Oh crap! Now I have to go. I get up, pee, put shorts and a shirt on, then check my phone -- no messages -- and go on the hunt. Oooh! Follow that coffee smell. Entering the kitchen I see Beth reading the paper at the breakfast bar. 

"Morning Princess, how is ya?" I take my favourite mug and pour myself a coffee. Benny had decorated the mug and given it to me as a present.

"Ha! How am I? Lack of sleep could describe it! Just what were you two up to last night? It sounded like two grizzly bears going at it," she's giggling while she pretends to read.

I start looking around the floor. Where is that big hole to swallow me up? My face must be so red; it feels sunburnt. How will I ever look her in the eye again?

"I'm... Well... You... Alex... I'm so, so sorry Bethy. I c...can't imagine what you must th...think. We got a bit carried away." I stutter my way through my apology without looking her in the eye. Where is that damn hole? "Do you know where Alex is?" 

"Yep! He got called out to one of the job sites. It was vandalised last night. He didn't want to wake you, but did ask me to tell you that he loves you and will call when he's on his way home." I must have a smile on my face because she is looking at me all swoony and jealous.

"I am so jealous of you two, as well as Callen and Jase. Y'all are so in love, and none of you hide it, no matter who's around. It's nice." 

"Nope. It took a lot to get where we are. I love that man beyond anything else in this world and I don't give a flying rat's ass what anyone thinks about it!" 

Beth is laughing at my statement. The doorbell rings and Beth starts to get up, but I wave her off. Me and my coffee go to the front door. As I open it, I am shoved and I drop my coffee mug. Son of a bitch! Alex's father Richard struts further into the house throwing his weight around. 

"Where is Benjamin? I want to see my Grandson. Now!" 

"Uncle Richard, what are you doing here?" I hear Beth say, her tone sounding a little frightened. 

I pull out my phone and dial Alex but get no answer -- Fuck!! -- okay, I leave a message. 

Next I dial Callen, "Get here now - we got troubles." And then I hang up. He better come. Shit - Benny - try Dom. 

"Vasquez." 

"Do not bring Benny here no matter what. We got us some drama. I can't talk right now - just don't bring Benny until you hear from me." I hang up and head through the foyer to the kitchen, just in time to see Richard grab Beth's arm.

"Let go of her." I say in a low calm voice while walking toward them. "She's pregnant. Now, let her go before I make you."

"Go fetch my Grandson -- Fag!" He let go of Beth, she leaves the room quickly and he turns on me. 

"It's Thanksgiving and I have every right to see my Grandson. Who are you anyway? You the leach that's fucking my poofter of a son?"

I'm staying calm - well my head is telling me to stay calm - I'm mostly shitting myself. He's frothing at the mouth and spitting like a rabid dog while he talks . 

"Benny isn't here."

"Benny? You call him Benny? So you're trying to turn him into a fairy like the two of you? You never answered my question -- Who Are You? -- what makes you think you can keep him away from me?"

"I'm not keeping him from you. He's simply not here. Had you called Alex, I assume he could have arranged visitation," I say very matter of fact and dead pan. This guy scares the crap out of me. He's a nutter-butter for sure. But here I stand, feet shoulder width apart and my arms across my chest, head held high and a withering stare. I won't back down. "I think it's time you leave and next time call Alex and arrange a time to see your grandson." 

I walk behind him and try to usher him out of the house. Alex needs to get a security screen door. At least I am now between him and wherever Beth is. I hope she stays there. He whips around and pokes his finger into my chest.

"I ain't leavin' here until I see my grandson. Now, go fetch him." He spits while he's talking and tries to walk past. I move so he can't get around me.

"I've already told you, he isn't here. If you don't leave, I am going to call the cops and have you arrested. Now go!" I am still calm. But I'm like a duck on a pond. Cool and calm above the water, below the little legs are going a mile a minute.

Right at that second, Dom comes flying through the door followed by Remmy. 

"What's going on, Trace?" Remmy asks while looking directly at Richard.

"This is Richard Blundell, Alex's, father. He is demanding to see Benny. I keep telling him he isn't here and to leave but he refuses."

"I ain't leavin' 'til I see my grandson," Richard growls. He is a perfect specimen why Dick is short for Richard, I'm sure.

Two uniform officers walk in and toward Dom. They have a quiet pow-wow.

"Do you know where Benny is Trace?" asks Remmy.

"He's at his friend's house for a sleep over."

"Do you know if any visitation had been or could have been organised?"

"There is no way there was any visitation organised. Richard and his wife are suing for visitation rights. How they can I'll never know." I say rolling my eyes. See I'm brave now there are men with guns to save my ass. Callen is now here and joins the officers and Dom. After a minute, one of the officers comes toward our little stand-off we have going.

"I'm Officer Price. Is there anyone else in the house?"

"Yes, Alex's cousin Beth is here in her bedroom. After Richard forced his way into the house, I made three quick calls to Alex, Callen and Dom. When I came into this room I saw him grab Beth forcefully. I told him to let her go, but he didn't. So, again I told him to let her go or I'll make him. He then let her go and turned on me. She took the opportunity to go to her room. Thankfully she hasn't come out. I haven't had a chance to check to see if she's okay. She's pregnant, so I'm a bit worried." 

"Do you know if she definitely went to her room?"

"No, sir."

"Do you have any weapons or firearms on you?"

"No, sir."

"Are there any weapons or firearms in the house?"

"Not that I'm aware of, sir. I don't live here. This is my boyfriend's house. I'm here often and I have never seen one, and I wouldn't think so because we have a three and half year old son." 

"He's not your fuckin' son, you fairy." Richard tries to get to me but Remmy grabs his arm and twists it behind his back telling him to shut his mouth.

"Where is the owner of the house?"

"As far as I know he was called to one of his jobsites this morning. It had been vandalised overnight and the police and security needed to talk to him. I have called and left a message."

"Okay, sit tight. I'll try and contact him through the officers at the scene."

The officer toddles off and talks into his radio for a couple of minutes spouting codes and nonsense. He then came back to us.

"Mr Blundell, is that the owner? He's on his way home now."

"Thank you, sir."

Beth's Dad, David, Richard's brother, runs into the house. He looks straight at me.

"Where's Beth?" I point toward the bedrooms.

The officer stops David. "I'm sorry, sir, you can't go back there."

"I suggest you take your hands off me now, son. My daughter is back there and nothing, and I mean nothing, is stopping me from going to her."

"Officer Price, let him through, please." Dom says loudly, but with respect to his officer.

No wonder he made captain. Officer Price nods to Dom, and apologizes to David. He seems like a nice guy, just trying to do his job. His uniform fits him well, shows the nice shape of his body. He reminds me of Alex - big broad shoulders, nice V shape to the waist, huge, lovely muscular guns. I love me some nice big arms. 

Remmy looks at me smiling and rolling his eyes. BUSTED!! I give him a smile back and a look that says, just taking in the view, not shopping around. This makes him laugh out loud.

David comes out of Beth's room, storms up to his brother, and says to Remmy, "I want this asshole charged with assault. Beth has bruises on her arms in the shape of your paw print. If these cops weren't here, Brother, I would put you on your ass."

Officer Price is now back on his radio, requesting a paramedic. Then he walks over to David and gently ushers him away from Richard, suggesting he go back and look after his daughter. David thanks the officer and complies. This is turning into a three ring circus. I don't even know if I'm allowed to move.

"Excuse me, Officer Price," I say, calling him to me. He comes over.

"Is it okay if I get a coffee and sit in a chair at the breakfast bar?"

"Are you playing with me?" he says.

"No sir, I've never been in this situation before. Is it okay?"

"Yes, of course you can."

"Would you like a coffee?"

"I wish, but not on scene. Thank you for asking."

"Any chance you can charge him for breaking my favourite mug?" I say in a quiet voice, chuckling. Officer Price smiles at me and squeezes my forearm, then shrugs his shoulder and winks at me before he walks off. I wonder if that was a yes. I crack me up. I pour myself a coffee in a regular mug and sit at the breakfast bar. 

I look over and see Richard throwing daggers my direction. I smile and drink my coffee and keep my mouth shut. He doesn't seem to be so tough now that Remmy has him.

"Where is my grandson, you fucking fruit? You should charge him for assault against a minor, turning him into a fucking fairy. Both of you should be fucking shot, interfering with a child," Richard sneers at me.

"That's some pretty wild accusations you're throwing around there. Do you have proof?" says Officer Price.

"Don't need proof, that useless son of mine. He's always been a fucking perverted no hoper. Look what he's fucking now." Throwing his eyes in my direction.

I stand up and get right in his face, "I don't give a shit what you say about me, but you say one more thing about Alex and I'm gonna put you in the ground. You're a worthless piece of shit and you have never given a crap about him, and you know it! Rather, you have your alcohol and whatever else instead of clothing or feeding your son. He's managed to grow up into a kind, compassionate and considerate man. None of those qualities you possess I assure you, you fucking asshole. This is my only warning to you."

I sit back down and continue to drink my coffee and stare at him. The paramedics come in and they were ushered back to Beth's room. As they are going back to her room, Alex comes screaming down the hall looking for me and makes a bee line as soon as he spots me. He takes my face in his hands asking if I was hurt. He checks my body to make sure I'm in one piece. Then he wraps those gorgeous loving arms around me holding me tight.

"I saw the paramedics and panicked. I love you, Tracy. You sure you're not hurt?" He gives me kisses, then holds me tight. I hug him back. He holds my face in his hands and stares into my soul through my eyes. I see his get watery. He wipes it away. "God I love you, honey. You sure you're okay? Thank God, Benny, isn't here."

I grab his arms tight and say, "I'm fine Bubby. He killed the mug Benny gave me, though. Jackass! I oughta kick him in the junk. Now stay calm. The paramedics are with Beth. He grabbed her really hard and I got him to release her, but he left bruises. They will take her to the hospital to get a check-up as well, I assume, because of the baby. She is okay, though. Her Dad is back there with her." 

He rips his arms from my grip and turns on his father.

"What the fuck are you thinking laying your grubby hands on a woman? You pathetic, vile piece of shit. You will never see your grandson! Do you hear me? Never! And if you come near my family ever again, they won't even know where to start looking for your cold dead carcass. I can't believe we are even related. How dare you come here, uninvited no less, and force your way into my home throwing your weight around." Officer Price is trying to push Alex back.

"Did you hear that? He threatened me? My own flesh and blood. I want to report the threat."

"What threat?" Says Officer Price as he gently ushers Alex over to me and says quietly. "Please calm down, Mr Blundell. I won't be able to ignore that a second time. Now, Tracy couldn't answer this question for me earlier: do you have any firearms or weapons here?"

"Umm... Yes sir, I have three registered guns. They are locked up in a gun safe over in the Barn. Nothing here in the house. Would you like me to find the papers for you?" Officer Price wrote this in his notebook.

"Not right this second, but you may be required later to show the guns with the papers. I doubt it though. Is there a reason for the guns?"

"We have horses and sometimes livestock on the property."

"So, not to shoot belligerent, bigoted fathers?" he says with a smile.

"No, but I might make an exception." Alex fires back laughing nervously.

Two more uniform police officers come in, speak with Dom, then take Richard into custody. Yay, as far as I'm concerned!

"Officer Price, do you mind staying with Remmy and getting everybody's statements? If I don't get home in the next two minutes I'm gonna be crashing here for the foreseeable future."

"Hey Dom, could you please take Benny to Jase and Callen's after the circus? I don't want him back here until I know that nut job can't get anywhere near him." Alex asks.

"Sure, good idea. I'll see you guys later. Officer Price will take good care of you. If not, Remmy will kick his ass."

"Would you like that coffee now, Officer Price?" I ask.

"Umm... Yeah sure, thanks and please call me Adam."

"I'm Alex and you've already met Tracy."

Alex and Adam chat away about this and that while he waits for me to get the coffees ready. Remmy sits and joins the discussion with the boys about the vandalism of the jobsite. I put their coffees in front of them and then excuse myself to take Beth some water and David a coffee.

I walk in her room, hand her the water and ask if she's okay, and hand David his coffee. 

"I'm so glad you were here, Tracy, when that cockhead brother of mine forced his way in. Thank you for protecting Beth. She could have been really hurt if you weren't here."

"Anytime David. I love my Princess. I'm just glad you and the baby are okay. I can't wait to see if it looks like me." I smile and they chuckle at me. 

I make my way back to the others. I can hear them chuckling and ribbing each other. Once I sit down we get through with the business of giving statements. Then, they were talking about the vandalism again. I excused myself to ring Callen about Benny. I didn't see him leave. As I stood up he comes out of the den. He smiles at me and walks over to the table and sits down.

He looks at Alex, "Well, good news. After today, your lawsuit just went away."

I saw Alex relax and the relief wash over him. He leans over and kisses me and takes my hand.

"God, you two are sickening to watch," Callen laughs at his own remark.

Remmy scoffs and retorts, "You're shitting me aren't you? Have you ever seen you and Jase? You're like a couple of teenagers. These two are reserved in comparison." We all laugh and Callen's face goes red.

"On that note, I'm going home to my beloved and my son. They don't make fun of me. See you guys. Love you, Trace. Glad you're okay. Tell Beth I'll call her later." And Cal walks around and kisses the top of my head, daps Alex on the shoulder and starts to leave.

Adam makes a funny face.

"Hey Cal, I've asked Dom to drop Benny off to you. I don't want him here until dear old Dad is no longer in this state," Alex tells Callen and he nods and winks at us.

"Sorry Adam, he's my brother. This doesn't make you uncomfortable does it?"

"This is your home you do what you want. And, no, it doesn't make me uncomfortable in the least. It's kind of nice to see a loving gay couple. We usually only come into contact with the bad stereotypes and that isn't always fun. That goes for all people, gay or straight."

Remmy agrees and leaves to go to the Precinct, or Barn, or whatever he calls it. He leaves Adam with us to get Beth's statement when the Paramedics have finished with her, with instructions to call after he has finished. I make us fresh coffees, bringing fresh cookies with me. We all dig in.

"Do you mind if I ask if you're gay Adam? Please don't feel like you have to answer," I ask.

"Incurably straight, I'm afraid. I just got married 3 months ago and we're expecting our first baby in May."

"Wow, congratulations! That's great! Scared shitless, aren't ya?" I say smiling.

"You have no idea."

"You'll be fine, it will come naturally to you." I say to him.

"This one here is a natural with all kids, they flock to him. Me, I struggle with it. I'm too scared to say or do anything most of the time. I get where you're coming from. Benny's still kicking, though, and he is the greatest," Alex waffles on like a natural Dad. I don't think he realises how good he is at it.

They then went into a discussion of how we have Benny and what he is like as a toddler. The best advice we could give him was pay attention to him no matter how tired you are. Be demonstrative and give him lots and lots of affection. Never take your love away when you punish him but still be firm. And don't forget the trusty favourites, you know - feed him, water him and put him out in the sun. Ha! I'm funny -- in my own head anyway.

Alex invites Adam and his wife around on Sunday for a cook out. He accepts, which is nice. His wife, Beth and Maria are all due around the same time, so they can commiserate together about their morning sickness and clothes not fitting anymore.

The paramedics finally left and Beth came out of her room with her Dad. They were able to ascertain the baby was fine while they were checking her over, so she didn't have to go to the hospital. Just try and have plenty of rest and no stress. Good Luck with that! We let them use the den for Adam to take her statement. He was then picked up by Remmy and we would see him Sunday. We also invited Remmy to the cook out, which he accepted. Free food - of course he accepted.

Beth is feeling a little rattled and fragile, her Dad is trying to talk her into going home with him for a few days, at the very least. Alex and I tell her she should go at least until Richard is back in North Carolina. If she didn't want to come back here, I offer her the choice of living at my place. I'm hardly ever there and none of Alex's family knows where I live, so she would be safe. She says she'll think about it while she's at her parents' place. We make sure to invite her Sunday for the cook out and she agrees. Beth packs her bag while David thanks us again for keeping her safe. They say their goodbyes and her Dad takes the bag and escorts her out to her car.

"Today has been too hard. Your Father is baccarat crazy, you know that right? I'm gonna lock up and go have a nap," I say to Alex while I yawn at one thirty in the afternoon. I could feel myself shaking now. I guess all the adrenalin and excitement has finally taken its toll.

"Oooh, I'm comin' with. I'll demonstrate how to make love properly." He all but runs to the bedroom and is naked as the day he was born when I get there.

I shake my head, get undressed and climb on the bed. I roll away from him and say goodnight. Alex cuddles up and puts his arms around me. Then, all of a sudden, he rolls us and I am on my back with him on top of me. He's like a magician. 

"Are you sure you're okay my love?" Alex asks looking into my eyes, holding my face and giving me no choice but to look at him.

"Umm... I'm a little shakin', I guess. I kind of feel guilty that I let him lay his hands on Beth. But I wanted to make sure I got hold of you, Callen and Dom without his knowledge. Plus, he scares the shit out of me. I have no idea how you turned out the way you did. Are there any other good members of your family?"
