 It's the day before Thanksgiving; Alex has gone to pick up all our happy helpers. While he is gone I'm sitting at the table trying to organize his Christmas present. I am getting him new hockey gear and bag. His current gear is from when Jesus lost his skates and falling apart. He refuses to part with any of it. "These are ok for another season." He says all the time while he is Gaffa taping another piece of equipment together.

Thankfully I have just finished paying when I hear him pull up. I quickly change to Food.com and bring up pumpkin pies. I don't need it, but he doesn't know that. First through the door is Ace bounding clumsily through the house quickly, on his tail is Benny.

"Poppy! Where is you?" I hear him calling me.

"Marco!" I yell back and hide behind the couch. He walks up behind me from the other way around the couch, taps my shoulder, scaring the crap out of me and puts his hands on his hips. 

"Who's Marc, Poppy?" He asks innocently, oblivious that I just shat myself, I was not expecting that.

"Sh...ut the front door!" I yelp.

"Daddy's already did it," he looks at me like I've lost my mind. I drag him over to me and tickle him. When he submits, I start blowing raspberries on his belly. Hayley runs over to try and stop me, so I pick her up and throw her next to Benny and blow raspberries on her belly. The two are squirming, screaming and laughing trying to get away from me.

"That's exhausting," I sigh as I release them from their prison. They took off like a rocket to his room singing you can't catch us. "How are you my boys?" asking Shane and Cory as I stand up and blow my hair out of my face. They both give me a hug and I get the general good all teenagers provide. "Why don't you boys play that game box thingy while I have a quick rest. Then we can all start on the food for tomorrow. Any special requests? Is there anything that your family have Shane?"

Both boys shake their head no and set up the game box. I hate them things.

"Can you boys keep an eye on our babies in the other room please? They're usually okay, but sometimes it can get a bit boisterous in there." They nod 'Yes', I barely know if I have been acknowledged or they heard me.

The little ones are now playing in Benny's room and Alex is in the den doing paperwork. I think I'll take my rest in there. Alex turns to me as I walk to him. I climb in his lap and rest my temple against his cheek. He put his big strong guns around me and pulls me tight. 

"What's up honey?" Alex asks me and kisses the top of my head.

"Nothing Bubby, I want a cuddle."

"Oooh, lucky me." He moves my body around to be more comfortable.

Who knows how long we have been here in the chair, but Alex is gently nudging me awake. 

"Huh! What's up Bub?" I ask sleepily.

"Beth is here."

"Oh shit! I don't have her room ready." I panic trying to get out of Alex's lap, whatever will she think of me.

Alex chuckles. "It's ok Hon, I don't think she'll take offense we weren't ready for her."

We went in search of Beth and found her hugging Cory and Shane. 

"Princess Bethy!" I exclaim with my arms out.

"Oh... My... God... Shreky!" Beth squeals and runs into my arms. I pick her up and twirl her around. "Put me down ya big ogre," she smacks my arms and we both laugh. 

I put her down and she hugs me again. I pull her arms out to her side and step back to get a good look at her. She is still as striking a woman as she ever was. She has changed her hair, to a nice short pixie cut. With her slender face it suits her. It looks like she has lost some weight and could probably stand to put on five pounds. Beth definitely is the quintessential female. She has bags under her eyes and they look sad, even though she is smiling. Usually her eyes are as green as emeralds with flecks of gold, beautiful doe eyes but today they look flat no sparkle. I hope she's alright.

"You're even more beautiful today. I can't believe you're Alex's cousin."

"Well I can't believe you are the one he's been crying about for a year." Beth says sadly. 

I look at Alex and he puts his arm around me and kisses my cheek, "I love you Honey."

"I love you too, Beth and I were in the same dorm our freshman year. We went to a Halloween Dance as Shrek and Princess Fiona," I smile up at him.

"Well at least you two are back to where you should be. Um... I need to talk to you both later when the kids have gone to bed. If you don't mind?" Beth asks seriously.

Alex and I look at each other and back at Beth. We both smile and nod. "Of course," Alex says.

"Now Princess, I forgot to do up your room. I'm sorry but let's get the boys to put your luggage in the room while I make up your bed."

"Yeah lets, I'll help you with the bed," Beth sighs.

Alex went back to his office to finish his paperwork. Cory and Shane put the luggage in her room. Beth and I make up her bed while chatting. As I came back into the room with her towels, I saw Beth all of a sudden sit down hard on the bed holding her head. I quickly go to her, sitting down and rub her back.

"Bethy, are you ok?" She starts crying into her hands. I get up and shut her door then return to her.

"I don't know what I'm going to do Trace," Beth cries. I stay silent and keep rubbing her back trying to get her to settle down. "I'm pregnant. I'll have to leave school. Dad is going to kill me. I have no idea how I'm going to do this on my own."

"What happened to Scott?"

"He says he never wants kids and is not prepared to give up his future. In one argument he even tried to accuse me of trapping him. 'You won't trap me this way, I have a bright future and no bastard child is getting in my way,' I can't believe he accused me. I would never do that to myself let alone a child," she sobs. 

Wow, never thought I could get this mad so quickly. Scott is her boyfriend, well was her boyfriend. He'll barely be alive when I find him. That's before Alex gets his hands on him. I curl Beth into me and hold her tightly, rubbing her back and whispering shh... into her ear. We sit there for a good fifteen minutes letting Beth gather herself. I feel bad for her. If she is going to keep the baby, I'm sure Alex and I can and will help. She won't be doing this all alone. Beth could defer her residency; get a job here for the early part of the pregnancy. Then once the baby is born we can help her get back on track. I'll mention it as an option later after I talk to Alex.

"Don't worry Bethy, we are here to help you. Like you said earlier we'll all talk about it once the kids are in bed. Oh by the way, there is no stealing my Benny, ya got me. He's my buddy, we have no room for you," I say causing us both to laugh and I kiss her on top of her head. "C'mon, I'll put you to work helping prepare for tomorrow."

"I was going to have a lay down. But I'll just end up lying here thinking. The distraction will be a good thing. And don't kid yourself, Benny is mine."

"Huh! We'll see."

We return to the kitchen and start on my preparation list. Cory come to me and said, "Uncle Trace, Benny and Hayley fell asleep amongst the Lego again. I've put them in the bed."

"You're a God send, my nephew. I love you kiddo," I say while he grins like a Cheshire Cat. He stole some cut carrot for him and Shane and went back to killing imaginary army men. I smile and shake my head at the two boys.

Beth and I make quick work of the preparations. We give the boys jobs to do and they oblige happily. It only took a few hours to put it all together once the preparations were done. The turkey is even in the fridge ready to go in the oven tomorrow. Now we can relax, so I make coffees and we sit at the dinner table. Alex come in from the office, got himself a coffee and sit with me and Beth.

"How about we order pizza, I'm all cooked out for today?" I suggest. "Then I'll get the boys to bath the Munchkins. I was also thinking they could build a fort to sleep in tonight, using the couch and table. It should also stop the two big ones trying to play that damn game box all night."

Alex picks up my hand and kisses the back. "Sounds good to me baby," he says.

Beth snickers at us. We look at her and smile. Alex is still holding my hand. I love this man. 

"Okay, I'll go and order the pizza's now. There is no way them two babies are having a bath before pizza, I ain't bathing them twice," laughing and getting up from the table.

I went into the Den to order the pizza. While I am there and in private, I place another call to my brother. 

"Callen Johnson."

"Hey Callen, it's me."

"Hey Trace, what's up bud."

"Will you be able to come to Alex's tonight after dinner? Just for an hour or so. It's about some legal advice for Beth. Jase can come to, but I need him to keep the kids occupied. Do you think he'll be offended?"

"Why what's happening?"

"I don't know how much I should say right now."

"Well I'm going to find out later anyway. Look Trace, I know it's not your place to talk out of school but if you want me to help..." Callen pushes me.

I sigh, "I suppose. Beth is pregnant, Scott has accused her of trying to trap him and she is on her own. She is frightened and doesn't know how she is going to manage by herself. I want her to know her options, she'll have help and support from all of us but she needs to know how to protect herself and the baby legally. I would like Beth to at least be half way to a plan before tomorrow so she can relax and try enjoy herself. Plus the stress can't be good for her or the baby."

"Fuck me," Callen is silent for a moment. "Yep, we will be there. I am going to tell Jase. You know he will keep it to himself. They are good friends so it should be easier for her to be comfortable. Plus she'll know we are all there for her."

"Great, I should of thought of that. Sorry I didn't mean to not include Jase. I forgot they would know each other." I feel wretched for leaving him out.

"That's okay Bud, I know you didn't. You're just looking out for Beth and that's a good thing."

"Thanks Callen, now she will only have a few minutes notice that you are coming when you get here. So I'm not sure what your reception will be like, she's kind of a mess at the moment." 

"I can handle it. See you at about eight thirty. Love ya Bud."

"I love you too Cal, see you then."

The pizza is inhaled by all, not even a piece left. I have the older boys bath the Munchkins and then shower themselves. After all are clean and in pyjamas we help them build a fort. We had to make a one toy per child rule when Benny wanted to take half his room in there. He's such a cute little boy. Beth will make a great Mum; she managed to negotiate without bribing him. I had fed Ace while we were eating so I let him in. All the kids insisted the big oaf sleep in the fort. Alex finally gave in; it's one thing to have one set of puppy dog eyes but another to have five sets. Ace was right there with all the kids begging for his doggy rights.

Cory is reading a story to the fort residents; they are mesmerized so we slip into the dining room. I had spoken to him earlier and explained we needed privacy for a while. He was very good about having to distract the others. He asked no questions just said okay. He will take after Callen if he takes up traits of either of his Dads.

As we sit down the doorbell rings. I get up to leave the room with both pairs of eyes glaring at me. Guess I gave myself away by not being surprized by the doorbell.

"Look, don't be mad. I thought we'd have more time to talk before now. I have asked Callen to come over for legal advice for you Beth," I say apprehensively. 

They didn't seem happy with me at all. Especially Alex, since he didn't know what was happening. I open the door and show them to the dining room. I send Cory in to say hello to his Dads. Then I make coffee for the adults. When I return to the room I overhear Callen asking them not to be angry as I was only thinking of Beth. I enter the room and all eyes are on me. I hand out the coffees and take a seat next to Alex. He put his hand on my leg and squeezes to let me know he is not mad with me. 

Beth starts off with the pregnancy, her fears and then how Scott reacted. We are all very sympathetic and quick to offer help. Callen goes through a few options for custody; child support and having him sign away his parental rights. She seems concerned about the latter option, for some reason she wants him to be able to have access. After a lot of talking, back and forth she finally decides on him signing his rights away will be the best. Understanding that he will not have to pay child support, it also means he can't fight her for custody later. 

With the help of her family and all who love her, Beth will be fine. A plan is in place for now. For the time being she will stay here with Alex and Benny. Alex will accompany her to inform the parents in the morning. She will defer her residency immediately; the hours will be too much for her. Beth will work in the office part-time with Jase to earn money until the baby's born, I'm sure this is so they can keep an eye on her thankfully. Once the baby is born she will apply for a residency at local program. Beth gives the impression she is content with the plan.

While they are winding up with the legal blah blah, I leave to check on all our charges. I poke my head in the fort and all four are asleep using Ace as a pillow. He is drooling on Cory's PJ's. I turn out the lounge and kitchen lights, leaving the stove overhead light on so they can see if they wake. Callen and Jase say goodnight, we'll see them tomorrow for Thanksgiving dinner.

It is only me, Alex and Beth sitting at the table. 

"I'm sorry if I upset you tonight Beth. I didn't want you as stressed out as you were earlier. I thought Callen could give you some peace of mind," I say sheepishly.

"It's alright Tracy. I was peeved at first but I know you were only thinking of me."

I take her hand in mine and squeeze it. Beth looks at me with a sad smile. I get up and hug her from behind around the chair.

"Let's all get some sleep; everything won't be as daunting in the morning."

"Thank you guys, I don't know what I'd do without you," Beth says sincerely.

I'm lying in bed waiting for Alex to finish in the bathroom. I can't help but think about poor Beth and how frightened she must be. I hope she is going to be okay. The nursery can go in the fifth bedroom; Alex has it full of crap. We will clean it out and paint it. Even though it's small, there will be enough room for a crib, rocking chair and a changing table with a tall boy. 

Alex turns the light out to the bathroom, I can see him from the moonlight coming through the window. He shakes himself so I can see his cock jump back and forth, causing me to giggle. He is serious a lot, but sometimes he lets his hair down and makes me laugh till I think I'll pee my shorts. I love it when he's in a playful mood.

"Will you stick by me if you get me pregnant baby?" I ask him and pull him into the bed with me.

"Hell yes Honey, that's our miracle baby. And we are soooo gonna cash in on that," he says chuckling and rolling on top of me. "We can start trying right now if you like." Alex lands little kisses all over my face.

"We could try, but any minute we are going to have two little munchkins in here. I have put a pair of shorts and a t-shirt on your bedside table in case. If I'm not mistaken we'll also have the Mutt. It's not really an appropriate audience for exhibitionism." 

Alex pouts and wiggles on top of me sliding his erection passed my balls and between my cheeks. This action is not very fair because now it's all I can think about. Jackass. I tip Alex off of me and lean over to set the alarm to get up and put the Turkey in the oven. Then I roll over and kiss Alex as if it's life or death, using my tongue to search his mouth. Aha! I now have his tongue and sucking on it as if it were his cock. He starts moaning, I let go and roll over. He chases me across the bed and bites my neck.

"You'll keep young fella'," he whispers in my ear. One of his beautiful strong arms wraps around my waist landing on my chest, the other cups my package. He then pulls me toward him into a tight spooning position, sliding his erection between my cheeks again. I feel loved and safe, wouldn't have it any other way. 

<>-<>-<>

The alarm clock went off at about an hour before Jesus wakes up. I put on some shorts and pull on a t-shirt because all the kids are asleep in the fort. I turn the oven on to heat up and make a coffee while I'm waiting. Once I finish my coffee I put the turkey in the oven as quietly as I could and turn on the timer. I double check all my settings, I can hear whimpering, shushing noises and the side of the fort is moving.

I stuck my head in quickly and Shane pulls himself away from Cory real quick.

"What's going on?" I whisper trying not to wake the little ones.

"Cory was having a bad dream. I was just trying to get him to settle down." Shane whispers in a panic and looking scared.

I lie down next to Cory and hug him. I indicate to Shane to hug Cory from the other side. He moves over and spoons with Cory.

I look Cory in the eye, he is crying. "What's going on kiddo?"

"I had a dream about Mom. It was so real, like I could touch her." He breaks down and sobs, "I m...miss her and Dad s...so much."

"Okay, I have an idea. Boys get up and put some clothes on and brush your teeth. I will be back in a couple of minutes."

I go into Alex and wake him while I put my shoes on.

"What's up Hon?"

"Bubby I need you to go and lay in the Fort with the little ones. I'm going to take Cory to his Mum and Dad's grave. I'm taking Shane with me for Cory. I can't comfort him and drive, plus I think we may need to keep an eye on them two. I'll talk to you about that later. Can I take your truck? Mine still has the child safety seats."

"Of course you can." Alex says as he puts on shorts and a shirt. He comes around the bed and kisses me and walks out to the fort with me in tow.

"Morning boys," he says mid yawn. He then crawls in the fort and lays with the little ones. I hear him snoring as I shut the front door.

I have Shane and Cory sit in the back together. We're all silent; they don't ask where we are going and I don't say. I'm sure they are smart enough to figure it out. I stop at Walmart real quick, lock the boys in the truck and run in. I come back out with a small posy of artificial flowers, it's all I could find. They were pretty enough. I hand them to Cory, he just looks at them and back out the window. I saw Shane reach over to Cory and hold his hand.

We reach the cemetery and I turn the truck off. I look over to the back seat, Cory has tears streaming down his young face. His knuckles holding Shane's hand are white. It breaks my heart this beautiful and kind boy has to go through this. 

"Do you want one of us to come with you?" I ask.

"Um... I'm a bit scared Uncle Trace, I want to go by myself but do you think you and Shane, can come with me and just stay close."

"Of course we can," I reply looking at Shane to make sure he's okay with doing that. He is nodding his head to me.

We get out of the truck and walk toward his parent's grave. They were buried together on top of each other. As we approach, Shane and I hang back and let Cory go by himself. We are close enough to reach him, but not really hear what he was saying. He lay the flowers down and stay on the ground while he has his time with them. 

"Can I ask you a question Shane? I don't want you to be afraid to answer because it's not a big deal, I just want the truth."

He looks at me with worry plastered all over his face. "Sure."

"Is there anything going on between you and Cory?" I look at him.

"Um...A little bit." Shane's voice catches.
