 The weekend flew by. We slept in on Saturday. Then we went and saw Beth to see how she was doing. This was followed by housework and naughty stuff. Adam dropped by with Remmy in the early afternoon to let us know Richard had been charged. Due back in court first week of February, they had confirmation he is back in Durham, NC. 

On Sunday morning we went to breakfast and pick Benny up. We missed him too much to leave him at Callen's any longer. Everyone has decided to go ahead with the horses for Christmas. We had the cookout in the afternoon. Adam and his wife Anna came and we enjoyed their company. Beth, Maria and Anna are becoming fast friends. The Price family is now on our cookout and party list.

Monday is work, work, work. I met with the guy who offered to buy the business and asked for a few more shekels - at Callen's suggestion - to see if he was serious. As he agreed to the price, I would have the contracts drawn up and we would settle Friday after next. The week before Christmas - wow! I'm really doing this. Scary stuff. I spent the rest of Monday sorting out the workshop getting ready for the sale as this will be pretty much all I will be doing between now and settlement.

Tuesday morning already, ugh! I get on with the housework at my place as Jack will be here this afternoon. In the middle of my spruce up, the guy selling Cory's horse calls. He has another buyer for the horse so if we want him we better move our ass and get there as soon as possible. Thankfully, he is only thirty minutes away. I get on the horn to Alex, then Callen. Unfortunately Jase can't come because he is still dealing with the fallout from the vandalism at the job site. No news on that front yet either.

Alex picks us both up and we schlep out to the horse ranch place. Entering the driveway, I expected to see stables and sheds, a farm house, people busy doing their job. But it was a long drive through fields and fields of plush green. Horses dabbled here and there. There was one massive stable in the middle, and a two story farm house on the end of the driveway with a huge tractor shed behind it. That was it - nothing else. Not really what I had imagined in my head.

Anyway, a little man about 5'2" met us at the end of the driveway. He looks after the place and introduced himself as John. He took us to the horse. He is beautiful. The coat, he says, is called Palomino and his name is Random. John and Alex tack up and go for a ride, so they could put the horse through his paces. Callen and I walk around and have a look at the other horses in the stable.

I wander from horse to horse, telling them secrets and giving them embellishments on how beautiful they are. They seem to like it. There was one horse isolated from the others looking sad. He seems definitely disgruntled. The poor thing is pacing in his small box as much as he could, huffing and puffing. As I walk toward him, he throws his head over the gate and nods vigorously. I reach up to pat his face between his eyes and he stops and stands still.

He's beautiful - white with chestnut patches. I keep rubbing and patting his face while I gently tell him all my secrets. He forcefully nudges my chest as though he's trying to get in my pockets. This makes me laugh. I rub his neck, then lean over and hug him. I see Callen, Alex and John come around the corner. John stops them from coming any further.

"Tracy, could you come over here please?" John says calmly.

I give the horse another rub on his face and kiss above his nose, then walk over to where their standing.

"So how did it go?" I ask.

Alex and Callen are looking at me with a funny look on their face, then they look at the horse. I turned and looked back at the horse. 

"He's beautiful isn't he? What type of horse is he? What's his name?"

"What the hell were you thinking?" John's reading me the riot act about approaching the horse. I'm only understanding, well, none of it. "Adonis. He's dangerous! You could have been hurt!" he yells at me.

"He's a pussy cat. He was friendly with me." I say sheepishly, hanging my head.

"Friendly my ass," John walks toward the horse and he starts rearing and kicking. Then he paces his stall again and throwing his head around. I'm not thinking as I walk past John. My only thought is to calm him again. As I approach, he calms some. He comes to the gate and sticks his head over and rubs his head against me.

I rub his face and the sides of his head, I smile at John and say to the horse, "You're a big ol' pussy cat. See you wouldn't hurt anybody would ya'."

Alex is shaking his head and chuckling, when I approach. I ask him again, "So how did it go with Random."

"Perfect, he's a little rough from not being ridden all the time. Cory will knock that out of him with no problem. I think they'll be great together. They both have similar temperament, so they will be good team if he puts in the time. We'll have to make a few new pens and rings at home but that's easy enough."

I so want to hug him right now, but John doesn't seem the tolerant type. I'll just stay here jumping out of my skin. I'll keep a cool exterior.

"Are you okay with this Callen?"

"Yep, I've spoken to Jase about the horse and he's happy with letting Alex decide." Callen smiles and continues, "I've been thinking, I also spoke to the accountant. We should pay for the horses and saddles from the trust. Because we four still have to come up with the money for the rest of the tack, riding gear and food. That is still going to be another couple of grand each. As long as you're happy with this Trace."

I looked to see Alex's reaction. It's not good. 

"Callen, give us a minute. Talk to John and tell him we'll take Random one of us can write him a check and we'll sort it out later."

I pull Alex with me out of the stables. I don't want anyone to hear us have our first fight. Alex is stiff and I can see he's pissed off. We get outside and he stands, looking down at me. I don't how he does that, it's intimidating as hell if you don't know him. 

"I know you're pissed off. I want you to hear me out, okay?" Alex nods his head once, so I continue, "The trust is just money. I don't think about it. I don't use it. It just sits there and grows. We got that money because we lost our parents. I consider it blood money. I hate it. I never wanted it and I never asked for it. I'd rather have Mum and Dad back and be poor. Callen and I feel the same way. The only time I have touched it since our parents died is when he was in hospital and I had no transport. I rang the accountant to see if I could get a cheap used truck, but he organized the Ram for me that afternoon so I could get on the road. That's it. You know I don't rely on the money. Both Callen and I work and live within our means. Let me ask you a question? Do you consider you, Benny and me to be a family?"

"You know I do."

"If that's true, if something were to happen to me then that would mean you and Benny would be entitled to my half of the trust. Correct? And the same for Callen I would expect his half to go to Jase and Cory. Correct?"

"When you put it like that..." Alex says looking away and bites his lower lip. God he's sexy. "I just don't want to rely on you for money, Tracy. It's not right."

Now I'm pissed, raising my voice a little, "But you were completely happy with me staying home to look after Benny and the house and let me rely on you. And you understood how I feel about our finances. What has changed since yesterday? We are supposed to be building a life together. It doesn't matter who earns the most or what, just as long as we are doing our bit and we are happy. 

"How is this fair Alex? I'm just as much a viable part of this relationship as you. I WILL earn money and contribute. If you can't see that, we have big problems. I know I'm usually submissive in this relationship, but I'm able to stand on my own two feet. Don't make the mistake of thinking I'm weak. I love what we have and how we are ... not so much right now."

I storm off to find Callen, leaving Alex behind. I love him so much, but right now I could just punch him in the face. My eyes are watery, not because I'm going to cry, but because I'm angry. Callen takes one look at me and hangs his head.

"Pay for the horses out of the trust, can you organize that from here?" I sternly command Callen.

"Yeah it will take a few minutes. Why don't you go and cool down with your new buddy, Adonis." He says pointing to the horse.

Seems like a plan, I don't really want to speak to anyone at the moment. Callen got the payment sorted. Alex has to go back this afternoon with the horse trailer to pick him up. I sit in the back of the truck on the way home and just stare out the window. He drops me off first. As I'm getting out of the truck he says he's going to get the trailer and then the horse. I nod my head.

"I'm going to get Benny, and bring him back here until Jack arrives. That should give you enough time to come back with the horse." I say in a monotone way that lets him know I'm still pissed. I close the door before he can say anything and walk to my truck. Alex and Callen leave to get the horse. I set out to get my baby boy, the one who will calm me down. Ugh! That is, after, I get out of the fortress of munchkins.

*-*-*

Benny and I are watching Sponge Bob when an old Ford F250 pulls in the driveway. He is drawn into his cartoon, so I leave him on the couch and go out to greet Jack. I help him inside with his bags and show him to his room. I look at Benny as I walk past. He has no idea I've left the couch. He's funny. God I love him. We put Jack's bags in his room and I give him the five cent tour. We end in the kitchen and I give him a beer.

"I bet you could use that?"

"Oh, damn straight. Thank you. You're a legend. And thank you for making all this happen for me, Trace. I really appreciate it. I won't let you down."

"I know you won't, you forget I worked with you during that summer and I've seen how hard you work. You're gonna do great. Alex is easy to get along with. Jase is the office guy and my brother's fiancé as well as my best friend. He's awesome and our age, so you two should have some stuff in common."

"I'm not gay." Jack says really dead pan. Oh...Oh! Houston I think we have a problem.

"I didn't say you are. I meant we are all the same age and could raise hell together. Do you have a problem with gay people?"

"No... Not at all. Sorry, Tracy. I didn't mean to offend your friend." He panics a little.

"Did your Dad not tell you I'm gay? Will you have a problem living here with me?"

"No, I promise I have no problem with it at all. My best friend is gay, it never caused us one iota of a problem, especially, since we never liked the same girl." He adds a bit of humour to the conversation. Poor lad, I've made him so nervous. I laugh along with him.

"Relax Jack. It's all good."

"Popppyyyyy!! Where is you?" Benny calls out.

"In the kitchen, baby," I call back.

He keeps talking on his way to the kitchen, "Poppy, Sponge Bob..." he come in the kitchen, sees Jack, stops dead in his tracks, whispers and points across the kitchen for everyone to hear.

"Who's that?"

"Don't be rude. Come here." He sidles up to me and wraps his little arm around my thigh and stares up at Jack. "This is Jack. He is going to be working with Daddy. Jack, this is Alex's and my son Benny."

Benny let go of me and steps forward putting his hand out. Jack takes his hand to shake with a grin on his face.

"Nice to meet you Jack, and I not a chikin." Benny says shaking his head.

Jack chuckles, "Nice to meet you too Benny, nor am I."

I pick Benny up, "Okay mister. Are you ready to get your hair cut?" Benny snuggles into me and is silent.

"Do you mind if I come with? I should probably get one before I start work."

Off we go to get big boy haircuts. Benny behaves while he has his cut, probably because I cave and let him get the same as me. Marine, baby. I am sick of my long hair. Jack got a popular modern style. It made him look younger. I didn't tell him that, though. He is a decently handsome guy, probably just above average. Brown hair and hazel eyes. He is tall - about six feet - and lean, but not skinny. Jack did dress nicely though, so he still turns the girls' heads as he passes by. 

We are greeted at the door by Ace. He's jumping from one to the next to get his fill of love from the newcomers to the house. He must remember Jack. He whines and rubs himself all over him. We push him away and I steer Jack farther into the house. Alex is in the kitchen cooking dinner. He looks up at us and his eyes get really big. He picks Benny up, kisses him and runs his hand over his new do. Then comes to me and kisses me on the cheek and runs his hand over my head.

"What happened to my men and their beautiful hair?"

I shrug my shoulders and introduce Alex and Jack. They kick off a conversation while I walk over to the stove to see what's cooking. I see someone's feeling guilty. Chicken Boscaiola for dinner, Yes! We should fight more often.

"I'm going to take a quick shower. I can feel all these little hairs itching me. It's driving me crazy, I'll be back in a minute," I say to the room. "No game box Benny. Read a book or play with your Lego."

"How come?" Alex asks looking at me.

"Our son may become a jock, but he'll be a literate jock that can hold a conversation and relate to other people." I retort and Alex chortled.

I walk into the bathroom off of Alex's room. I turn the taps on and wait for the hot water. Just as I'm about to step in the shower, he enters the bathroom.

"How long do you think you'll be angry with me?" Alex asks sullenly.

I wipe my hand down my face, "I don't know, until I'm not."

"I didn't mean to emasculate you. I have never relied on anyone for money and it threw me. I forgot you and Callen can hold your own financially. There will never be another issue with it, I promise. I love you, Honey. Please don't stay angry long. It hurts my heart." 

He leaves the bathroom. I'm guessing he and Callen had quite the chat in my absence.

I jump in the shower and quickly have a wash. How is it they put that little coat around your neck, but you still end up with hair inside your clothes? I dry off and put shorts and a t-shirt on and go back to the kitchen to set the table.

Dinner is a subdued affair. Alex and Jack pretty much keep the conversation going. Benny and I chat from time to time while we eat. When dinner finishes, I clear the table and take the little one for his bath. I think I'm wetter than he is in the end. I sent him to say goodnight and now lay next to Benny in his superman pj's and read him a story until he falls asleep. He has that little boy clean smell. I just love it. I could stay here all night just so I could smell him. It does something to your insides, like a homely comforting aroma.

Man I'm tired, it takes a lot out of you being angry and trying to keep it at a respectable level. Still, I rejoin Alex and Jack in the lounge.

"Jack, it's getting late and you haven't unpacked yet. We should probably get a move on."

He looks at his watch, "Oh, yeah it is. Sorry, Alex. I didn't realise." Alex waves him off.

Alex and Jack stood and shook hands, and he walks us to the door. I give Alex a quick kiss goodnight and we venture off home. The trip home is quiet and I am mulling over the fight Alex and I had earlier. My heart hurts a little bit too. I know we'll be fine, but it still pissed me off how he behaved. I see his point, but he has to see mine too, not just ignore it. I get that he wants to look after me, I wonder if he's ever considered that's all I want to do for him too. Ugh! I hate baggage, the horrible thing is, it's not even from this relationship. It's freakin' money. I'll have to let him off the hook tomorrow; I can see he is hurting.

When we get home, Jack says goodnight and goes to his room. I send Alex a message, 'Home safe, goodnight'. I hope Jack wasn't uncomfortable tonight with the tension in the air. I get ready for bed and lay there going over the day in my head till I fall asleep. 

*-*-*

I wake up with a splitting headache. I look through the medicine cabinet for the Tylenol. It seems like a three tablet problem, so I take three, then set out doing the rest of my morning routine to get ready for the day. As I'm walking out of my room, there's a knock on the front door. I open it to a mass of Red Roses shoved in my face.

"I have a delivery for Tracy Johnson." I take the flowers and put them on the side table. The delivery guy has me sign his gizmo and off he goes.

I take the roses to the kitchen depositing them in the sink while I look for a vase. Ah! There they are on top of the fridge. What a weird place for me to put them. Oh well, at least I have one big enough, there must be at least two dozen roses here. I set the card on the side as I cut and arrange the roses in the vase. Once I'm done, I put them on the dining room table. They're beautiful. I pick the card up to read it as Jack comes in the kitchen.

"Wow, you got flowers. Who they from?" he asks smiling genuinely.

I open the card and it read simply.

I love you so much it hurts.

Yours forever 

Alex XXX

God I love that man. I tell Jack they're from Alex and excuse myself and go to the bathroom where I wash my face so he can't tell I had been teary. Coming back into the kitchen I see Jack flicking the coffee maker.

"Oh, you're a blessing. I can't cope with the day without my morning coffee." I inform him smiling.

"Ha! You and me both."

"Alex and I are going to look at a horse in about half an hour. Do you want to come with us?"

"A real horse or is that a metaphor?" Jack says chuckling to himself while he hands me my coffee.

I chuckle, "Yes, a real horse. It's Benny's Christmas present. We got Cory's yesterday. He's our nephew. He's getting a seven year old Palomino Quarter Horse. Um... he's a stallion and his name is Random. I think I got that right. I get confused - I'm not a horse person."

"Cool! Lucky kids. Yeah, I'll tag along if you don't mind. I finished unpacking last night. I was kind of wired after the drive and couldn't sleep."

HONK!! HONK!!

"That's our cue. Are you ready?" 

We made our way to the front door. The second I shut the front door and look at Alex, I stop and stare at him. Jack makes his way to the truck. Alex gets out of the truck nods to Jack and walks to me. He put his hands on both sides of my face and I cover his with mine. I move and rest our foreheads together and look into his eyes.

He whispers, "I'm sorry. I love you so, so much." I see a tear escape from his left eye.

"I know. I got the flowers. They're beautiful. Thank you. I love you back, old man. More than you could ever imagine." 

Alex brings his lips to mine and gives me the most emotional kiss we have ever had. It hurts my chest - that's how good it felt. We wrap our arms around each other and hold on so tight I could barely breathe. After we break the hug, Alex cleans my face up with his thumbs and pecks my lips again. I love this man, truly and deeply. We hop in the truck. Callen and Alex are up front with Jack and me in the back. Alex thought to bring the horse trailer with him today.

Jack looks at me and mouths, "You okay?"

I smile and nod my head to him. He smiles back and looks out the window. Once Alex is in the cab we make the introductions between Callen and Jack. They say their polite hellos and have a quick chat about what brings him here. The drive is about forty-five minutes. It was a boring drive - all freeway until the exit, and then 5 minutes up the bumpy country side road.

The horse's name is Promise and is perfect for Benny, according to Alex. Well, I have to trust him. He wouldn't put our son in danger. I love the sound of that, I can't stop saying it. Our son. I love my little family. Callen rang the accountant and paid the gentleman. Alex put the horse in the trailer and off we go.
