 Thanks to Ricky for editing. Hope you enjoy.

*****

We drive over to Alex's the next morning, drop off his truck and grab his hockey gear. Alex drives his own truck but I go with Callen. I sit in the back wearing a goofy ear-to-ear grin, asking him questions. I am talking his ear off about anything that comes to mind. We idle in Alex's driveway while he goes about locking up his truck and house. Throwing his gear in the back, he jumps into the front seat of the cab. As we reverse out of the driveway, Callen punches Alex in the arm.

"Ow, what the fuck was that for?" 

"What the hell did you do to my brother last night? Don't try to deny it. I heard the both of you and today he's wearing that stupid, goofy, fucking grin - and he has not shut up once."

Alex looks at me and I smile the biggest, cutest smile I can at him.

"Damn, he is cute as hell though, don't ya think? Look, don't worry. I'll try to find his 'off button' later." He's reassuring my brother he'll fix me.

"Make sure you do." 

I giggle, causing Alex to suggestively smile at me. As we pull into the rink, my brother punches Alex again.

"I just got that, Asshole."

Alex and I crack up laughing with Callen eventually joining in, while shaking his head.

After what occurred at the bar yesterday, the locker room is quiet. One-by-one, each player enquires how Jase is feeling before they leave. He smiles and says, "OK" or "Good, thanks." It's nice to know he has the whole team behind him. It makes me a little more comfortable about me and Alex announcing our relationship, whenever that happens.

We get creamed. The game is an absolute shambles. 

It all started when I was checked into the boards hard enough to have the wind knocked out me and be carried off the ice. When the next line change came, Alex and Callen followed that asshole down to where Dom was waiting and ready. The three of them gave him a bit of a tune up. That move by the three musketeers resulted in a power play. It all went downhill from there. But it was one game I was happy to lose. That fucker really hurt me. I'm almost sure I have a cracked rib or two.

The team goes to Alex's after the game, like last week. I walk into his place like a broken-down rodeo cowboy. Alex helps me into his room and through a door on the other side which is an en-suite bathroom. He runs a bath for me, putting in some muscle relaxer for athletes.

"Get undressed, sweetheart!" 

He helps me get off my shirt. Then looks me over, turns me around and checks my back.

''When you're ready, get in the tub. I'll bring you some fresh boxers." He pulls me to him and kisses the side of my head while hugging me. "Relax in there for a while. It should soothe your achy bones." 

About half an hour later, Callen comes in with a towel and fresh boxers. I have all but fallen asleep. Whatever he put in the bath water really works. Stepping out of the tub and into the towel Callen is holding, I feel refreshed, totally relaxed and in less pain.

"Jeez, Tracy, that bruise is bad. You're going to be sore for a couple of weeks."

I laugh, then wince. "Ow! Not as sore as he is, after you lot finished with him." 

Callen shrugs and smiles. "Get dressed and come join the fun. I love you, Bud."

"I love you to, brother."

Putting myself back together is a mission and a half. I've certainly worked up a sweat. Walking out into the open kitchen/lounge/entertainment area, everyone stands, clapping and yelling funny sentiments at me. "Assholes!" I yell out, laughing with them. Alex takes me by the arm and steers me over to the Euchre table.

"Any of you want to give up your seat for our invalid?" I give him a filthy look.

Tom stands. "Yeah, I will! These bastards are cheatin' and I can't work out how." He clomps off.

"Here, sit down and I'll bring you a drink. Don't move from here! If you need anything ask Jase here next to ya. You'll get whatever he needs won't you?"

"Of course I will." Jase turns to me. "You look like you're in a bit of pain there."

"Nah! It's much better after the bath. I don't know what Alex put in the bath water, but it certainly does the job."

Dom deals the cards for the next round. Alex sits a bottle water down next to me, with a wink and meanders off. We're all laughing and joking, having a good time playing cards in our own world. I can see Alex from where I sit and notice he's moved the orchid so it is on display in the kitchen. I hear one of the girls admire the orchid to him. He smiles and says, "Someone really special gave it to me." When she wanders off, he smiles in my direction, which I return while playing my next card.

Sasha and three of her cronies bulldoze their way into the room from the hallway. 

''Ugh!" I lean toward Jase and gesture toward the ladies - I use the term loosely. "You want to do something for me? Find their broom sticks and put em' in the fire pit." The table all laughs. 

She looks toward the sound, then makes her way over to our table. 

"Where's Callen?" She's bossy, as usual.

"um... who's turn is it?" I ignore her.

"It's Ric's," says Jase.

Sasha storms off in a huff. Naturally, we all chuckle - Stupid cow! The card game continues. When the food is ready, the boys bring their plates back to the table including one for me; we keep playing. 

"Thanks for getting injured Trace! Alex never lets us eat at this table." Dom is smiling.

"Glad my pain can help ya, buddy." 

Sasha storms back through the house, passing us playing cards. She's all worked up.

"Goodnight, Sasha!" That's Ric, calling to her. She stops, makes a squealing noise, pulls her purse to her body and stomps out the door. Again, we all have a laugh at her expense. We aren't what you'd call gentlemen.

It is almost nine o'clock when Callen rouses me to go home. I walk very gingerly out to the truck with Alex helping to support me. He gets me into the cab, gives me a kiss and shuts the door, while asking me to call him. I nod and smile, letting him know I will.

When we arrive home, it's my brother who helps me up the stairs and into bed. 

"Night, Cal. I love you."

"See you in the morning, Bud. I love you too."

<>-<>-<>

Monday morning, I go to the hospital to get some x-rays just to make sure everything is ok. I had cracked a couple of ribs. The doctor tells me I can't work, play or practice for hockey for the next two weeks! Then I need to come back for a clearance. That night, when I tell Callen the results, the Guardian rears its ugly head. The first thing he does is ring Alex to let him know, in case I try to get anything passed him. Stupid fun police.

Since I can't work, the next two weeks creep by at a snail's pace. I clean up around the workshop and make some knickknacks for the church fair. Sometimes I meet Jase for coffee after his run. I go to Alex's in the afternoons to make his dinner, and then his lunch for the next day. I do all the housework at home, as well as at Alex's. The rewards for my efforts are phenomenal. We snuggle on the couch watching television, take showers together and fool around in bed. We are becoming a lot closer and intimate since my time is more flexible. Life is good.

<>-<>-<>

"Yes! I am," I state firmly to Callen.

"You're not." 

I hear the front door open, then Alex walking up the stairs. I can tell it's him by his unique footsteps.

"I can hear you two all the way down the driveway. What's going on?"

"This one thinks he's playing hockey tonight." Callen throws an arm in my direction.

"Well, I am."

"You're not!" This time the response comes in stereo.

I storm off to my room. Of course, I slam the door as hard as I can, throwing myself on my bed, like the petulant child I can be. Curling into the foetal position, I wince. Ooh! ow! I probably shouldn't do that so hard, which makes me see their point - but I can tuff it out. Stupid fun police.

I feel my bed dip, big strong arms wrap around my waist, and he's pulling me into him as he kisses the top of my head. Stealthy bastard - I didn't even hear my door open.

"Come on, Trace, you know we're right. We don't want you to get hurt. Every athlete has to endure this once in a while. It's frustrating, but you'll be back practicing on Tuesday and playing again next Sunday."

I snuggle into his chest, rubbing my face against his pecs like a purring cat. I stay silent.

"Why don't you go to my place while we're at hockey? You can get a head start on the salads for me and make your famous potato bake while you're at it."

"Fine," I whisper. "He rang you because he was frustrated with me - didn't he?"

"Yup."

<>-<>-<>

Once I get to Alex's place, I let myself in with the hidden key and start on the potato bake. I peel the potatoes while gently pan frying some bacon, with garlic and onion. I layer the pan, and every third layer add some cheese. After topping it off with three cheeses and chopped chives, into the oven it goes. I set the timer and done. The great thing about Alex's oven is, it switches itself off after the timer dings. Now I can leave it to cook and stay warm with the oven heat. Yay!

I cut up a green salad, as well as make a pasta salad. Covering them, I put them in the refrigerator and start on the meat. Jeez, Alex had nothing prepared. I bet they planned this, the two finks. I separate the gourmet sausages from each other. I slap the ground meat around, adding a few herbs and spices to make burger patties. I get the condiment basket ready, butter all the rolls as well as fold a bunch of napkins. Checking the clock, it's still forty-five minutes until they get home. Crap! I wipe down all the benches and change the water in the orchid.

I looked at the clock again. Damn! Forty minutes until they get here. I drag myself through to Alex's room, lay on top of the bed and close my eyes. It doesn't take lo...

I can feel something warm and wet on the back of my neck. There is also a hand in my pants, stroking me. My eyes fly open and I turn my head to discover Alex spooning me while kissing my neck.

"Did you win?" My voice is gravelly; I roll onto my back.

"Yeah, we did, Trace; it was a great game. You should have seen your brother. He was on fire tonight."

"That's awesome. I'm happy for you guys." I stroke Alex's face with the palm of my hand.

"Really?"

"Yes, really."

"Well, this morning..."

"I was being bratty. I'm sorry. I wanted to play so badly. I'm sick of sitting around doing nothing. Plus, I like spending time with you, other than performing bedroom Olympics." Alex kisses the palm of my hand.

"Me too."

Sitting up quickly, I say, "Ok, the potato bake is in the oven and it should still be warm. The meat is covered on a tray in the refrigerator. There's a green salad in there too. I also made a pasta salad - I hope you don't mind. The rolls are all buttered and the condiment basket and napkins are ready. I don't think I've forgotten anything, but let me know because I am your willing slave. Now go do your thing. I have to pee and try and get this wood that you created to go down."

"Do you want me to fix it for you?"

"Yes! But, you have a house full of guests, which are still arriving as we speak. If we feed them early, they might go home early. Then you can fix me any way you want." 

"Hell, yes!" He is clapping his hands as he leaves the room. I shake my head and laugh as I head to the bathroom.

Coming down the hallway, I get a text from Jase.

'Where the hell are you? We need a fourth.'

I walk over to the card table and sit to Jase's left. Dom is across from me, and my partner. Joe is to my left. I haven't spent a lot of time with Joe so far, but get the impression he his laid back and easy to get along with.

"Yoh! Joe, whatta ya know?" I dap him on the shoulder.

Joe chuckles. "Less than you'd think, Tracy. Believe me, I like it that way. Ignorance is bliss."

I chuckle along with him while reaching for the cards and start shuffling. I can nearly see both the entire room and the outside pool area from where I'm sitting. The place is bouncing after their victory. Some are playing volleyball in the pool while others are playing video games. Alex and Callen are stuff-assing about in the kitchen getting ready to grill a late lunch. As I deal the cards, Sasha suddenly appears, huffing like a bull. She starts screeching at us, as she stalks over toward our table.

"He doesn't want you, you know!" I think she is screeching at me but she is looking at Jase.

I lean closer to him to whisper. "What's she talking about, Jase?" 

He shrugs.

"How dare you interfere and turn him against me. You can't give him what I can." 

"Well thank God for that. At least it'll stop the spread of STD's." Jase is returning fire.

Now everyone is looking at the card table. You could hear a pin drop.

"You stay away from Callen! He. Does. Not. Want. You." She emphasises each word.

Huh? Callen's straight. I look at Jase, he is staring at Callen. I look over to Callen. He starts backing up toward the hallway leading to the bedrooms. What the fuck is going on?

"Listen here, you pathetic little fag!"

I stand up, moving round the table, and come face-to-face with her.

"I think you've said enough. No-one talks to Jase that way - least of all a self-involved, spoilt brat who can't get her own way. You should leave." I'm spitting through gritted teeth.

"What are you, his boyfriend?"

Alex comes up behind her before I can answer.

"No, but he IS mine and Tracy asked you to leave."

"HA! You have to be kidding me. You couldn't get the original, pining after him for years, so you go after next best, a younger version." 

What the fuck? I feel like I have been kicked in the guts. He's only with me because he can't have Callen? Is he using me because my brother didn't want him that way? FUCK!! I'm letting that cow mess with my head. No! She's just a bitch. It can't possibly be true. I stare right at Alex trying to get a read on him.

"I suggest you go." Alex is still speaking to her.

Silence

"NOW!" 

Sasha turns on her heel and runs from the house. I walk back to my chair and put my hand on Jase's shoulder. He shoots up, throws his cards down and with unshed tears, quietly speaks.

"Thanks for the game guys, but I think I've had enough for one night." He makes a hasty exit, with Alex on his tail.

I head toward the bedrooms, looking for Callen. Opening Alex's bedroom door, I can hear sobs. I find him sitting on the side of the tub, his head in his hands, sobbing his heart out. I'm pretty sure I feel my own heart break a little. Callen is inconsolable. I don't know what to do. He's always the one with his shit together. I don't think he's used to the uncontrollable or the unknown. I sit down and pull him into me. He grabs my shirt in his fists and sobs harder into my chest. I rub his back, making shushing noises and kiss the top of his head. Tears silently run down my face. 

Fuck! What do I do? I'm a little angry about all the information that had been thrown around. Callen was straight as far as I knew. What is he really, I wonder? Straight, gay or is he bi? For the first time, I realise I have no idea. We have never talked about it. Sasha had been at our place a couple of mornings when I woke up. He had also taken her out to dinner a few times as far as I am aware. He never dated anyone in high school, but I thought that was because he hung around with Chewy so much. I heard he was in a relationship in college - I always assumed it was a girl. Now I wonder if it was a boy. Surely Mom and Dad would have said something. Then again, they told me to tell Callen I was gay, when I was ready. They didn't say a word. It could have been the same for him. 

I lay my cheek on top of his head, open my eyes and notice Alex leaning against the door jamb watching us with tears in his eyes. I sit there staring at him, not saying a word, letting the tears fall.

Crap! My head hurts.