 As we are being seated at the restaurant, we could see Callen and Jase walk through the door. I fuss and whip out a baby bib and put it on Benny, who is sitting next to me in his suit. Sooo cute!! He gives me a filthy look. I kiss his cheek and whisper please in his ear. He shrugs and kisses me back.

It's very Callen to propose this way, quietly at a restaurant with just family. Both are quiet and gentle natured. I think Jase will be happy with this as his proposal. They both like simple, easy and are pretty soft spoken most of the time. I'm not sure there is an outlandish bone in either of the bodies. My brother and his soon to be fiancé were both born to give love and affection. It may make them easy to break, but they are also quick to forgive. God I love my brother. I'm so happy for him.

"Now boys, be on your best behaviour. If you are good I'll make sure we stop for Gelato on the way home," I say to the boys and then look to Alex. "You also." He elbows me in the ribs with a grin on his face.

Benny cheerily says, "I will. Yum! Gelto!" 

I smile and stroke Benny's head. He looks up at me like the cat that ate the canary. Callen and Jase are being seated at the table as Cory nods and smiles his agreement. 

"Don't we all look nice, what's the occasion?" asks Jase.

Alex and I look to Callen for a reason. He stares back at us and his face drains of color. Whoops! We probably should have discussed a cover story.

"We've had a lot to be thankful for lately is all. C... Callen is still with us. Out of rehab and back home. He's even back at work. I have my business up and going again and s...stuff. You and Alex finished the job up in Pensacola. And we h...haven't done anything as a family in a long time." I stutter my way through and can't stop fidgeting. Alex puts his hand on my thigh to calm me.

Jase smiles and nods while putting his napkin in his lap. I watch the relief flow out of Callen. Our server come and took our food and drink order. While we wait Cory is telling Jase about his day. Alex is talking to Callen about a contract. Benny is fiddling with his cutlery. I reach across and gently stop him shaking my head. Poor little fellow pulls his hands back in his lap. Then he leans into me for a hug and reassurance he's not in trouble. I give him a hug then kiss the top of his head. He stays there until the food lay in front of us.

The food was incredible, if Cory had been allowed to lick his plate I'm positive he would of. A group of servers came and cleared away our plates. After another couple of minutes an older gentleman; who I assume is the owner brought over a cake in the form of a swan. Why a swan you ask? I don't have a fucking clue, must have some significance to them. The swan had the two rings embed standing up on its back. He lay the cake on the table between Callen and Jase. His eyes light up, and begin to water.

Callen takes the smaller ring, kneels down on his knee and holds Jase's hand.

"Jase, never in my life did I think I would find a person to make me feel this way. We have had a pretty rough year, yet here we are stronger than ever. You stole my heart the minute you smiled in my direction. Cory made us a complete family by stealing both our hearts. I love the life and family we have built together so far and I look forward to our future. All my dreams have come true and I truly am the luckiest man alive. I love you so much. Will you marry me?"

Alex put his hand on my leg, without thinking I put my hand on top of his and entwine our fingers. I am holding my breath, waiting for the answer. Jase nods and throws himself at Callen and whispers what I would guess is a yes in his ear. They kiss; it was a beautiful moment for them. Callen put the ring on Jase's finger and hands the other ring to Jase, who in turn put it on Callen's. 

Most patrons and staff in the restaurant stop what they are doing and watch this outpouring of love between my brother and friend. The second Jase nods his head the entire restaurant claps and cheers. I didn't hear one negative holler in the whole place. How awesome is that.

We stand up and hug, with congratulations. This is so awesome, Callen's engaged. Alex and I are back together and all our boys are settled and happy. I am feeling a high for life I haven't felt in a long while.

"Cory, will be staying with Benny and me until Sunday. You guys have the place to yourself. Congratulations, we will see you Sunday."

Alex hugs the newly engaged again, and then it's mine and Benny's turn. Cory was hugging them both, telling each how much he loves them. They are huddled in a family hug, with tears all around. Watching this display of affection makes me tear up again. Alex turns my face to him and wipes the tears away with his thumbs. I do love this man.

After the gelato, we are all exhausted. Benny had fallen asleep in the truck. Cory went straight to his room after saying a quick goodnight. I put Benny in his jammies and into bed. It's the first time ever without even a stir from him. Wahoo! I'm getting better at this. We'll just forget the poor kiddie was so tired he would have slept through a Gary Allan concert. I kiss him on the forehead and watch him sleep from the doorway. The connection we share is unbelievable. I would never thought it possible to have this much love for a single person.

Alex gently moves me and left a kiss on Benny's forehead. He reaches for my hand, leading back to his bathroom. Without saying a word, we get ready for bed. After cleaning up we lay in bed facing each other. We stare into the eyes of the other.

"Hey!"

"Hey beautiful," Alex brushes hair off of my face.

I need to get closer, so I lean forward and gently kiss him. He holds my face, while deepening the kiss. We pull back panting. Our foreheads are pressed together while we try to catch our breath. 

"God I love you Trace," Alex says, pushing my hair back from my face.

I close my eyes; this feeling is overwhelming and I wish this moment to last forever.

"I love you more than you know. I can't believe this is real, promise me this will never end."

"The only promise's I will be making are; we will always love each other; we share everything together no matter the subject and we will always be best friends." Alex finishes with another kiss.

"They sound like promises I can keep and never break. I want to make love to you so bad, show you how much you mean to me. But I'm so tired I can barely keep my eyes open." 

"Oh, thank God."

Alex pulls my head into the nook between his neck and chest. After kissing the top of my head and rubbing my arm, I feel his breathing even out. I am so happy right now I could cry. Luckily I fall asleep quickly. 

Alex woke me up early in the morning and we make love. It is gentle, soft and erotic. I can't explain the feelings of love we share in this one single act. There is nothing like the feeling of reaching a climax together, amongst a physical and emotional high. After coming down we go to the bathroom to clean up. Alex turns on the taps and kisses me while we are waiting for the water to heat up. 

<>-<>-<>

It's been a couple of weeks since Alex and I reunited. Callen and Jase are happy for us. Benny definitely likes having me around more. It means we play together more often. We didn't make a big deal about it. I think we may have been a little nervous at first. Especially with all the drama that had surrounded our relationship. This is the happiest I ever remember being in my life. After everything we have gone through to get here, I am going to protect this family like a proud lioness.

Alex called me earlier in the day to pick up Benny from care. Callen needed to see him about a legal something or other. 

Trying to get into the child care centre is a freakin' fortress of adventure. First I have to get through this ridiculous idiot proof gate. Now I have finagled my way through that, there is a code on the front door. Crap! I don't have the code and I left my phone in the truck. I push the button on the intercom. I am almost confident they are watching me on a security camera, laughing their ass off.

Finally a voice comes through the box.

"Can I help you?" 

"Yes. I am here to pick up Benny Blundell."

"Do you have a name?"

"Tracy Johnson."

I wonder how long they are going to keep me out here. After about 5 minutes the door buzzes, I open the door and enter the building. There isn't a soul in site. I look around the foyer for an indication of which way I'm to go. Wow this place is confusing. Ok Benny is three, so if I have to guess he would be with the toddlers. He's a bit young for the pre-schoolers and too old for babies.

I follow the signs to the toddler rooms. The class rooms run around the outside of the building. They have windows so you're able to see inside and right through to the playground. The rooms were empty. It looks like absolute child bedlam out at the playground, they are everywhere. Running around, playing in the sandpit or on the play equipment. I go outside to find Benny. Talk about a needle in a haystack. Munchkins... Every.Damn.Where! They move so quickly, it's hard to make out which one belongs to you.

"Poppy!"

I hear him, but I can't see him. BANG!! Someone slams into my legs, two inches to the left and well... You know. I reach down, pick up Benny and throw him into the air. He laughs from the belly, which makes me laugh. As I catch him I pull him in to straddle my waist, holding his head to my mouth giving him lots of kisses. He's giggling, we both love the attention. God, I love this kid.

A lady in fancy clothes walks up to us.

"Tracy Johnson?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"I have had a call from Dominic Vasquez. He would like you to take Hayley with you. I know this is a little unorthodox but Mrs Vasquez was taken to hospital today. He has paid to rent another seat for your car. He requested you pick up Shane also if you could."

"Sure! Thanks, it's not a problem."

"Benny, can you go and get Hayley for me please. Then meet me at the bags." I look at the lady. "I'll get the car seat from you."

I put Benny down on the ground. He nods to me and run back into the fray. Following the lady I pick up the seat Dom has for the night. I sign the children out; get the seat situated in the truck. Fuck me never again! You need a degree to put them things in. Once the kids are secure, I text Dom to let him know I got his message.

Now it's off to Junior High to pick up Shane. Hayley and Benny are rabbiting on a mile a minute about their day. As I pull up I see Cory so I honk the horn. He comes running to the truck.

"Hey Uncle Trace, what are you doing here? Is everything ok?" he's kind of panicking and looking through to the back seat.

I chuckle, god love him. "Everything is fine kiddo; I have to pick up Shane. I saw you and thought you might want a ride or come to Uncle Alex's for dinner." 

"I'll ring Dad and see if it's ok."

"Can you please go find Shane, while you do that?"

Cory pulls out his phone and walks off to find Shane. He come back a few minutes later with Shane in tow. He jumps in the back between the child safety seats and Cory sit in the front. 

"Dad says it's fine, they will come too. He also said it better be spaghetti," Cory is laughing.

We walk in the front door and I can smell dinner cooking. The kids take off for the game box thingy. I curiously walk through the hallway to the kitchen. Alex is busy with saucepans and chopping things. He looks like a graceful octopus doing everything at the same time. I walk to him and put my arms around his waist. I start kissing his neck, he moans that special way that makes me melt. 

"Hey Bubby, you're home early." I point out as he turns in my arms and kisses me hello. 

"Mmmm... Yummy just what I need." Alex says as he pulls me closer and grabs my jean cladded ass.

"Did everything go okay with Callen?"

He looks away and says, "We'll talk about it once Benny has gone to bed."

Pulling his face back to me, I see his eyes have tears in them. "Hey, it will be okay. No matter what, we've got this. We'll talk later." I frown and indicate to the saucepans, "How did you know to cook spaghetti?" 

"I received a very threatening text from Jase on my way home." Alex chuckles sadly.

I stop dead in my tracks.

"What the fuck!" I whisper to myself moving away from him. Alex has a smirk on his face.

I go around the breakfast bar and stand behind the couch. I point to the new feature. There, three quarters up the wall and to the right of the television, hangs a newly framed photo. It has to be four foot by two and a half. It's a black and white photo of me asleep on the couch resting on my side. I'm in a pair of shorts with my hands tucked under a pillow on the couch. Next to me on the couch is Ace, two legs tucked under him and two legs on the floor. He's asleep with his head over my shoulder. On top of my side is Benny in a pair of shorts. He's asleep with his arms and legs dangling either side of my torso. His cute little face is angelically sleeping on the dogs' neck facing the camera. 

"When did...How did...Why?" I stutter through, my eyes following him as he walks to me.

He stands facing my side with his arms around me. Before answering me; he kisses my temple and grins.

"I came home one day last week from the worst day. I was feral. This is what I came home to. My mood disappeared instantly and my heart swelled with pride. There was my family, everything precious to me. In that one scene right there. Look how beautiful you three are." He turns me into him and hugs me tightly and kisses my forehead. "I can't believe how close I came to not having it at all. It breaks my heart, every time I think about how stupid and hurtful I was to you. That photo is a reminder of how lucky I am."

"Don't you think it would look better somewhere else? Like the laundry or the garage?" I say into his chest.

"Uh-uh...I want everyone to see it. Besides you don't live here yet. You don't get a say."

I stand there hugging him. It warms my heart to hear him say 'yet'. 

"Uh...I think your sauce is burning."

Alex moves swiftly to the stove to rescue dinner. How the hell did the kids not notice this new piece of artwork? It takes up half the fucking wall. Not really, but it's huge. I'm sure I heard Ace say my ass looks big on that couch. I will kill Alex.

At about six, the doorbell rings. I open the door to the Vasquez's.

"Got yourself knocked up and dehydrated did ya?"

She scowls at Dom, he puts his hands up in surrender shakes his head No.

"Don't worry my love, it was a guess. You didn't have anything to drink on Sunday. Ha! But now I know your secret," I chuckle. "Don't worry I'll keep it to myself."

She kisses my cheek and gives me a hug, whispering thank you.

"Alex is in the kitchen ruining dinner, I'll make sure it's an ice tea dinner, so you don't have to explain the no wine. It is a school night after all. Go through all the boys are all playing the game box and torturing poor Hayley. Only because she's beating them - I think."

We all laugh. I take their coats and send them through. As I close the door, I see Jase and Callen walking toward me so I open it back up.

"Geez, you'd think being your brother I'd get priority parking. But no! I have to park on the street."

"Not my house brother, all complaints go to the owner."

We have a quick chuckle. I take their coats, add them to my pile and send them through. After hanging up the entourage of suit jackets I go through to the kitchen. They are now all standing behind the couch discussing that damn photo. I will kill Alex. 

"Aw! That's a beautiful photo," Jase says to Alex.

"I know, see my beautiful family." Alex's chest puffs with pride. 

"We need something like that of the kid's honey," Dom says and kisses his wife on the cheek.

"It is a beautiful photo Alex." Marie says softly looking over to Alex.

"Tracy, doesn't seem to think so."

Alex looks over to me with a sad smile. I walk over and kiss his cheek and wrap my arm around his waist. 

"You're missin' is all."

"That would be creepy my love, someone sneaking into the house to take a photo of us all asleep."

Everyone laughs at my humorous beau. I have our guests take a seat and give them some ice tea to drink. While we wait on Alex to finish killing dinner, we chat about the hospital quietly. Thankfully the kids were paying no attention to any of us. Come to think of it Shane didn't even question me picking him up from school. Maybe Dom text him earlier. 

Our impromptu dinner is full of life. The kids told us about their day. Now that everyone has just about ate their weight in spaghetti, I have the older boys clearing the table while I set up desert. I quickly put together a fruit platter with some ice cream and coffees. Don't worry, I gave Mrs Vasquez water.

"I spoke to my cousin Beth today. She will be staying here for holiday weekend. What are you all doing for Thanksgiving next week?" Asks Alex as he looks around the table.

"I hadn't given it much thought, we've had too much going on," Dom looks at his wife, smiling affectionately.

"I thought we would have a quiet one at home." Jase comments, while he steals Cory's watermelon.

"Hey, get your own," he exclaims laughing at his Dad.

"What about we have it here, just these three families? Marie you should be off of your feet. It won't be anything special, Turkey, a little pumpkin pie and football. Trace will help me cook, won't you Honey?"

"Of course I will." Now I have a million recipes' going around in my head, we all know Alex won't be cooking unless it's on the grill. 

"Count us in." Jase looks to Callen for the okay. Callen picks up his hand and kisses the back of it.

"What the?" Marie pulls Jase and Callen's hands to her. "Oh my! When did this happen? Why haven't you told us? Wow the rings really suit you guys. Who asked who? How did you do it?"

"Oh um... Okay... Last week, we haven't really told anyone Alex and Tracy were there, the rings are beautiful aren't they and Callen asked me. The owner of the restaurant stood the rings on a cake and brought them out to the table. Phew!! I think I covered everything." Jase laughs, sweeps his forehead then pretend faints from the effort of answering all her questions.

Dom and Marie stand then walk around to hug and congratulate Callen and Jase. When they sat back down Marie told the kids they had twenty minutes on the game box. The two big ones were gone like lightening. Benny went to sit in Alex's lap to give his Dad a kiss. Hayley didn't move a muscle; she is almost asleep in her seat.

"Thanksgiving here sounds pretty great to me. My family is going to my brothers and now we can't travel. Dom's family, well they're not worth even worrying about. Are you sure it's not too much?" Marie questions Alex. It took him a second to catch up with the conversation as they had been talking about the engagement and Marie went back to Thanksgiving. 

"We'll be fine. Benny will love it. Cory, Hayley and Shane can stay the night before and help with all the preparations. Hayley and Benny can do the decorations and set the table. They can also help me with the pies and desert. Does that sound fun little man?" I ask looking over at Benny, he is smiling from ear to ear nodding his head. He is trying to dip a grape into his Dad's ice cream. 

This little boy was created by the sweetest things on earth. He behaves like any little boy should. Benny loves his super heroes. He wears the cute little outfits and runs around saving the house from danger. I'm not saying he doesn't have his naughty moments, he definitely does. He fusses when he gets tired; he is downright bad tempered when he is over tired. 

Best of all he loves his Daddy and his Poppy. What is more, he loves affection and boy do we love giving it to him. God, I love this kid. We give him so much affection, he never cares when we pull him into a hug or kiss him. He's used to it, he thinks it's normal. He even shows affection to others when he feels it. Wouldn't the world be a better place if all kids were used to that kind of love and affection? Benny just hopped down from his Dad and went back to Hayley and put his arm around her shoulders, waking her up a little bit. She leant into him and he whispers in her ear, kisses her cheek and then she giggles. See, he has no idea kids don't do that.
