 The three of us walk through the glass door to find all our guests have arrived. There were hugs and cheery holiday greetings. I pull Callen tight to me and whisper for him and Jase to meet me in the den in five minutes.

I have them sit, as I pace back and forth in front of them. I have to tell them what happened with Cory this morning and I'm nervous that I fucked it up. My stomach is churning I don't want a bad atmosphere today. I wring my hands together and keep looking at them as I pace.

"Trace, Bud, are you okay? What's happened?" Callen says affectionately.

I turn and face them. I take a deep breath and spout, "Okay, don't be mad at me. I think I've fucked up royally with Cory." 

"What? Why? Is he okay? What happened?" Jase is starting to panic.

"Just tell us Bud."

I lay out the events of the morning concerning Cory and his parents leaving out the relationship between him and Shane. I promised at the table I wouldn't tell and I meant it. I add some of my own thoughts before I let them speak.

"I get the feeling he thinks he is betraying you both when this happens. He loves you both so much and I think... he thinks; you will assume he doesn't if he still misses his parents. I did ask if he wanted to call you and he begged me not to say anything. This isn't really something I feel I should keep from you. I didn't know how else to handle it at six in the morning, he was inconsolable at the time. Please tell me you aren't mad with me."

Callen got up from his seat, come over to me and hug me tight. When he pulls back from the hug he kisses my forehead, then looks me in the eye. "You did what you thought was right at the time. Caring about our son; your nephew by the way and doing something thoughtful to help, even if it doesn't still warms my heart Trace. You're a good Uncle. Cory looked fine to me when you came in the back door. We'll all keep an eye on him today, see how it goes. Jase and I will have a chat with him in the morning. Just to make sure he's okay and that he knows missing them is right and normal and doesn't diminish his love for us. Okay?"

What a relief, I let out a phew. I shake my hands to try and rid my body of the tension and anxiety I'm feeling. As we are walking back to the kitchen area, Jase takes my hand, squeezes it and kisses my cheek. He whispers a thank you in my ear. I smile at him and squeeze back. Wow that's a load off. It's like shit storm overload this morning. 

It's time to get the food ready; I double check the table the two young ones set. Only had to fix a couple of things - they did a great job. I walk over behind the couch.

"Benny, Hayley, come here for a sec my munchkins." 

They both come running around the couch. I get on my knees and put my arms out and fold them into me and kiss the side of each head.

"I just looked at the dining room table for dinner and you both did such a great job. I didn't have to fix any of it, so I'm thinking an extra scoop of ice cream for dessert as a reward. What do you think?"

"Yay!!" They scream in my ear and run to the big boys telling them about their good job and reward. The boys make a fuss over them. They love the big boys making a fuss of them it's so cool to watch. I'm standing here with a huge smile on my face watching them as Alex put his arms around me while kissing my neck. 

"You... are the world's best Dad, you know that?" Alex says softly in my ear.

"Huh? I'm not a Dad!"

"The second you took Benny in your arms at the hospital, you became the other parent to him. He certainly thinks you are. So do I. We are raising him together. You are a Dad. The world's best Dad. Happy Thankgiving Poppy, you are the heart of this family. You and Benny are my heart, my world you're both everything I ever wanted."

There is no place safer and more loving than in the arms of my big strong love. I turn around in his embrace and kiss him with all the love I have in me. I wonder if Benny really does think I'm his parent. How cool will that be? God I love that little boy. And Alex, no one will ever come close to how much I love him. Never will I let anything or anyone come between us. I run my fingers softly down his lips.

"Thank you, I love you Bubby," I say lovingly.

"I mean every word my Love." 

I threw Beth and Maria out of the kitchen; they're supposed to be taking it easy. I have Dom help me get all the food to the table, while Alex fixes drinks for the crew. We have Cory say grace for the table. We don't usually as we aren't religious people, but we did it for the sake of the Vasquez family. Alex then stood at the head of the table and carves the turkey; I say carves when I really mean hacks. Everyone else chats and passes the food around the table. Dom thought instead of the whip around the table for thanks, we should tell all what we are proud to have achieved this year.

It is a great idea, so I thought. We have had such a shit storm of happenings this year. We are pretty much all thankful we had made it through. Alex is first, he's proud of his family which includes Beth, and that I can cook a turkey. Dom is next. He received a promotion to Captain. The entire table went up with hooray's and congratulations. Maria announces they are having baby number three. Shane and Hayley hurry to their Mum to congratulate her; they really show excitement to the news. It gives Beth and me the weepies. 

Shane is next, he stands up and looks at his parents and then at Cory. All I can think is don't do it right now. My heart starts racing, it's one thing to have gay friends and entirely another to have a gay son. I have no idea how Dom and Maria are going to take this. I hold my breath for poor Shane. 

"Mum, Dad, I hope you will still love me after I tell you this. I am proud of what I'm about to tell you, I'm not sure if you will see it the same way," Shane looks over to Cory and keeps his head held high, but a tear falls down his cheek. He quickly wipes it away. "I don't know if I'm gay or not, but I know I love Cory. We are in a relationship, we are boyfriends."

Dom quickly stood from his chair and move toward Shane swiftly. I go to stand from my chair in case this goes badly and Shane took a step backwards. Dom envelopes Shane in a hug and kisses the top of his head.

"We know son, it's okay. You should always be proud of who you are. I know me and your Mother are proud of you. I love you son." He took Shanes face in his hands and kisses him again. Maria looks on with a smile on her face and a tears running down her face. Thank fuck I can breathe again. I think I heard Shane say I love you to his Dad. "If you don't want to get caught kissing, don't do it where you can be seen." Shane and Cory both have fiercely red faces. The rest of us try not to laugh, it's hard enough being fifteen.

Dom then put his hands on Cory's shoulders and leant forward and lay a kiss atop his head. "You take care of my boy, you hear me." He ruffles Cory's hair and sits back down. Cory couldn't have been more proud of Shane; it shows all over his face. I saw him mouth the words 'I love you' to him.

Geez, fifteen year old boys can be fearless sometimes. Maybe I should have kept my mouth shut to the boys earlier. Anyway Cory's up next. He proudly declares his love back to Shane and then adds he has been chosen for the hockey team to play the rest of the season. We all congratulate him and make a fuss. Moving on, Beth tells the table, she is also pregnant. She is no longer afraid to do this by herself, because of the unconditional support she has been given by her family and thanks us. 

Callen first reaches over and squeezes Cory's hand and tells him he's proud of him. Then he informs us the Law Review has chosen to do an article about him as one of the countries youngest up and coming Lawyers. How awesome is that. My brother Ladies and Gentlemen a round of applause please. He's a fucking legend by the time he's thirty. 

Callen obviously hadn't told Jase yet and was saving the information. Jase is in tears and leaning into him for a hug. He says something to Callen, who then smiles and nods his head once. 

"Jase is a bit overwhelmed at the moment," Callen rubs Jase's head while hugging him. "He says he's proud to be the friend of each and every one of us." Poor Jase, he's emotional like me. I'm barely keeping it together myself.

"Who's silly idea was this?" I laugh while questioning the validity of this round table and wiping the tears from my eyes. 

My Benny comes to me and climbs in my lap. He holds my face with his little hands and says. "No cry Poppy, I love you. Pomise." I squeeze him tight cuddling the stuffing out of him, telling him how much I love him too. Such a beautifully natured boy.

"Okay my boy, how about you go and sit on Aunt Bethy. Daddy, and I are going to clear the table and get dessert and coffee ready." I look over to Hayley, "Hayley, honey go and sit on Mummy. It sure looks like she could use some little girly cuddles and kisses. Plus it will keep these damn women out of our kitchen." The latter I say under my breath, they're supposed to take it easy.

Hayley jumps from her chair and runs straight over to Maria and climbs in her lap. Maria smiles at her daughter and gives her a big squeezy cuddle. I pick up Benny and deposit him in Beth's lap and she does the same. Alex stands and stretches then starts clearing the dishes from the table. God love Cory and Shane, they pick up dishes and empty plates and bring them over to the kitchen. Can you believe this, teenagers did this without being asked, they are such a credit to all their parents.

I put the pies in the oven to warm up and start the coffee machine, while the others put all the scraps in Ace's bowl and the plates and cutlery in the dishwasher. Shane took Ace's bowl out to him and we all watch in amusement through the window as he is almost mauled by him in his excitement to get to the food bowl. Such a mooch, poor Shane enters the house mumbling incoherent garble.

"Uncle Trace, that dog is a menace," Shane is calling to me while he straightens his clothes out.

"Hence his name dear Shane," I try to say sympathetically, while laughing my ass off. "Phones over there Kiddo; if you want to report him to the dog shelter for his crimes."

I know the word 'Jackass' is running through his mind while he gives me the stink eye. Cory walks over to him, taking him into his arms and gently pats his back and sarcastically says, "Are you okay Babe, did the big scary dog upset you." Shane follows with an indignant, "Yes!" as he pushes Cory away chuckling and still trying to pull himself together. We adults found this funny. Shane... not so much. Aah! What are you gonna do? The boys sit down and turn the TV to the football.

I went back to wiping down the kitchen sides while I was waiting on the coffee and pies. My Alex walks up behind me, puts his arms around me and kisses my neck. He then whispers, "if you don't quit teasing, wiggling that gorgeous ass at me, I'm going to take you over this bench in front of everyone." Then he pushes his hard self into my hip. I get an immediate erection and smile.

I whisper back to him, "Do it Bubby, I dare ya." I can feel him smile on my neck.

"Don't think I won't Honey. Benny's going to bed early tonight and then your ass is mine."

DING!! Damn it!! 

I leave the pies in the oven to cool a bit, but still stay warm while I make the coffees and have Alex deliver them to the table. I pull two bowls out and fill them with extra ice-cream with sprinkles and chocolate sauce. Cory and Shane took the plates and spoons and hand put them on the table, while I bought the pies and the kids ice-cream. 

The pies are a hit, the conversation is rowdy and upbeat. It had to be over the rumblings of the football. As I'm clearing the dessert left overs my phone rings. I didn't even look to see who it was I just answered.

"Hello."

"Tracy, is that you?" said the gruff voice.

"Bull, buddy how are you? Happy Thanksgiving." I reply as I walk toward the bedroom so I could hear him. We haven't talked in a while. We keep in general contact. I had given him my number before I left Pensacola.

"Yeah, family is good. Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family, what have you been up to?"

I fill him in on the comings and goings. He let me know how happy he is Alex and I are back together and raising Benny. He always was the family man though. You'd have to be with his brood. I ask about his kids. I am given the full run down, who's driving him crazy and who's behaving. His eldest son Jack is graduating from College early, he is doing something in engineering. We talk a little longer with general chit chat, toward the end of our conversation came the real reason for his call.

"Look Trace, I don't like to ask but my son made me promise I would."

"No problem, spit it out," I say chuckling.

"My Jack did an internship through the summer with some corporate building mob, he hated it. He has been offered another one until graduation next year. He would rather do something with a smaller company, I was wondering if your Alex would have room for him. We could try and work something out as far as accommodation and money goes for him. He has some saved but he may just have to get a job at night."

"I'll talk to Alex for you, I can't make any guarantees because I know nothing about his work. If it works out, he can stay with me and we'll work out some kind of deal."

"Thanks so much, I can't tell you how much I appreciate it. Just talking to Alex for me is a big deal; I won't get his hopes up until you get back to me."

"Cool, look I better go. I'll give you a call in the next couple of days."

"Thanks again Trace, have a great holiday."

Alex come to bedroom to make sure everything is okay. I simply nod and kiss him with some heat behind it and rub package till it's hard.

"You little shit, now I have to go back out there with this tent."

"Payback for your stunt in the kitchen, also I think it suits you my love," I leave the room chuckling.

I go back to the dining table to clear away the dirty dishes but the boys have already cleared up.

"I'm keepin' them two boys, they're awesome," I announce to their parents.

"Keep em', they're a pain in the ass!" Dom replies laughing.

Benny screams out to be heard, "Uncle Dom, you sayed a bad word."

Dom covers his mouth with his hand and looks truly chastised, and embarrassed. He apologizes to Benny, and then tries to distract him with different information.

"Why don't you ask your Dad if you can stay over with us tonight? You and Hayley can keep playing. Tomorrow we are going to the circus to see the animals and clowns and you can come with us."

"Yay!!" he is all excited fidgeting in his seat. All of a sudden he stops dead and looks at Dom all serious. "Which Dad, I have two? Daddy, and Poppy," he holds up three fingers for Dom to see.

Fuck me! I burst into tears. Way to make a fool out of myself. Callen come over and quickly steers me into the den, sitting us on the leather sofa and hugs me, holding my head into his chest. He's gently rubbing the back of my head. Alex tried to tell me earlier I was a Dad, but I wouldn't listen. Did you hear that precious boy? I didn't think it was possible for Benny to think of me that way. I also didn't think it was fair to Alex, he was his Daddy. I tell all of this to Callen, once I calm down.

He hugs me patting my back, while he chuckles, "I don't think it works that way baby brother. Firstly, I think it makes Alex more than happy. Secondly, you are helping him raise this baby boy and what a kind and loving soul he is. I certainly don't think he got that from the first couple of years of his life. It came from you and Alex. God you and Jase are alike. You are both always concerned about everyone else first, then yourselves. Hehehe... No wonder I love him so much. Kinda creepy huh!"

"A tad, I don't even know how to respond to that," I reply rubbing my eyes. They were itchy from all the crying now. I blew out a breath harshly trying to get myself together. The door flew open and Benny run to give me a great big hug. 

"Night Poppy, I staying wiff Hayley. Goin' to the circ... cir... to see tha clowns morrow."

"You have fun my boy and you mind your manners. You do whatever Uncle Dom and Aunt Maria tell you to do. Did Daddy give you any pocket money for some candy and a drink?"

"I be good I pomise," he nods his head at me. "What's pocka money?"

I check my back pocket for my wallet, crap it's in the bedroom. I go to stand up and Callen pulls a twenty from his wallet and gives it to Benny. His eyes grew big like saucers. He hugs his Uncle Cal and says Thank you like the good boy he is and carefully hangs on to his money.

"You go and give that to Uncle Dom to hold for you, so you don't lose it okay?"

"K. Pomise. Love you Poppy, I sees you after." And then he was gone, poof! Just like that. But we hear him running and screaming down the hallway. "I's got pocka money." Cal and I laugh.

Dom and his family had left for the evening. Alex come into the den with Jase, and Callen and I were giggling like little school girls. He's regaling how I was at Benny's age. Clearly I was delightful, in my own mind. According to Cal I was quite the spoilt little shit! But it was clear I was Callen's baby, not my Mom and Dads. To him, I was his and he loved me so. That has never really changed. I love my brother so much.

Alex pulls me off of the couch smiling and wrapping his arms around me. To me it's the safest place in the world. 

"Are you okay now Sweetheart?"

"Humph! Yeah! I just got a little emotional to hear Benny call me his Dad. I didn't frighten him did I?"

"Ha! A little. Dom quickly told him about the circus animals and he forgot why he was upset."

"Good, good. Umm... While we are all in one place, I want to talk to you guys about Christmas for the boys. There is something I would like to get the boys each, but I don't think I can manage it by myself."

"What are you thinking Trace?" asks Jase as he sits next to Callen and snuggles in his side.

"Well, I know this is huge and I'm sure they'd love it. I was thinking of getting Benny and Cory a horse each for Christmas. You have the stalls free now out in the barn since the Richter's, moved to Texas and took their horses with them. Or do you rely on the agistment for income? Sorry, I should have spoken with you in private first Alex. Ahhh!! Forget I said anything."

"What made you think to get the boys a horse?" Jase asks gently, I guess he can see I'm a bit upset with myself. I can't believe I just help myself to Alex's barn and land, on top of that I am uncouth enough to talk about his money in front of others. He - Alex - pulls me tighter into his embrace and kisses my cheek. At least I know he isn't mad with me. He is so patient and never really loses his cool with me.

"Umm... well... when Cory comes over to see us and play with Benny, they always go out to the barn. They help me muck out stalls, clean tack and other general chores. Cory, takes Benny, in hand and they say hello and pay attention to every horse individually while we're out there. They love it, I get to see the smiles on their faces; I love it. 

"Cory, just lights up and Benny, is in his element. I mean... Cory, doesn't treat him like a baby in which Benny, puffs out his chest and thinks he is a big boy. He idolizes Cory when he's around. I thought it would be something they could do together. It's hard to have something in common with the age difference, but with the horses they are like partners and they bond. The age doesn't matter. Awesome to watch and experience the two cousins enjoying each other's company, yet there's such an age gap. Sorry I'm rambling now."

"Trace, who is going to teach them about horses and how to ride and look after them properly. Not to mention the up keep?" Callen enquires with concern.
