 It's definitely Monday and been a long, long day today. I never realized how much crap I have accumulated since the move here. The workshop is almost sorted and ready for the sale at the end of the week. Callen finally has the contracts done and sent to the buyer's lawyer. So by Friday it will be done. And the new adventure begins. Oh and Alex's new hockey gear arrived today, his Christmas present.

I walk into the kitchen at Alex's and find him cooking dinner with Ace at his feet the opportunistic menace. Alex is in his suit, he must have had meetings today. He looks so sexy I could just rip his clothes off right there. I go up and put my hands either side of him and trap him against the bench. I reach up and lick the back of his ear and put my hand down the front of his pants and grip his whole package in my hand. 

"You better be quick, my boyfriend will be home any minute," he whispers to me. I fondle his package until I feel him growing in my hand, "how was your day beautiful?"

"Ugh! Long. I can't wait for it to all be over." I kiss the back of his neck.

"Four more sleeps... you'll make it." He says breathing a little hard, "Oh... God Trace, you need to stop. I'm in my suit pants. Wash your hands and finish the salad, while I change my clothes."

So I did, he come back to me wearing just a pair of shorts. Oh dear God. How am I supposed to function when he's walking around dressed like that. So hot! He stands behind me and flicks my pants button open and pulls down my fly then puts his hand down my pants and fondles me.

"Do you want me to stop?" He asks then starts sucking my neck.

"Grrr...Hell no, I have on my crappy work stuff. Fondle away my love." 

I drop the knife on the bench and rest my head back on his shoulder and close my eyes. Alex kisses and bites at my neck then soothes it by licking and gently sucking the spot. I know what he's doing, but it only heightens the feelings from the south. I let out a moan.

"Shh!! Honey, you have to be quiet," As he rubs and tugs.

"Oh! Fuck, I'm gonna blow!" I whisper kind of quietly, his hand gets a little quicker and tighter.

"Oh... Fuck... Alex... Mmm... Don't.Stop.Fuck.Yes... Ohhhh, Thank you!" I blow over his hand and in my boxers. I stay leaning against him while I calm down.

"You're welcome, sweetheart. Anything else I can do for you?" He asks cleaning his hand with his tongue.

I smile and chuckle, shaking my head no. "But you are going to get sooo lucky tonight."

Now he is doing a little dance up against me. Sometimes he cracks me up. 

"I'm going to go clean up before dinner," I toddle off to do just that.

After Benny is asleep, we are spooning on the couch watching some weird movie. It is hard to concentrate. I can't follow the story.

"Oh! How did Jack go today? I haven't heard from him."

"He did great actually. I don't know why I keep being surprised by him. He and Jase get along well. I introduced him around; he was very respectful of the men at the site. At one point I sent him out to check on some work. When he didn't come back, I went to look for him and there he is helping with some struts the guys didn't have enough hands for. I asked the foreman if he had asked Jack to help. He told me, Jack, saw them struggling rolled up his sleeves and got to work and pitched in. Apparently, he already has the respect of most of the men on site."

"Wow! That's great for him. It should make life easier for all of you down the line if you keep him on." 

"Right, if today is anything to go by. He isn't going anywhere; I'll nail his feet to the floor first." Alex says chuckling.

The rest of the week flies by quickly. Friday is here, and I'm nervous about letting go of the business. I arrive at Callen's and open up the workshop. The buyer won't be here for another hour or so. I go upstairs to make a coffee and Callen is at the breakfast bar engrossed in some paperwork. I make us both a mug and give him his. He looks up surprised to see me.

"Oh, thanks, Bud. You ready for today?"

"Eh! Yes and No. What's all this? That has you so smitten you didn't even know I'm in the room." 

"Huh? Oh! Umm... Just some deeds and titles that need to be sorted before Christmas," he starts putting the paperwork away in his briefcase.

"So, when are you moving in next door to Alex?"

"First week of January, we still haven't even started packing yet. I hate the wind down to holidays. Everything is rush, rush, rush..."

"Did you want to come and buy a tree with me today, I hadn't even noticed until this morning we don't have one. Since you're moving and the boys are getting horses, why don't you come early in the morning and we all do Christmas together? It seems silly getting two. By then you'll have a house full of boxes, and a tree seems like a waste."

"Sounds good to me, I'll let Cory and Jase know to meet there this afternoon we can all decorate the tree together. Come on let's do a quick inventory before the buyer gets here."

We take our coffees downstairs. I told Callen the equipment names, and he marks them off of the paperwork. Then he explains the contract to me. There was a non-compete clause for markets and local shop consignment within fifty miles. This is the tradeoff for the extra money. I don't mind because it's the reason I'm selling in the first place, I don't want to do this type of work.

They arrive with a removals truck and three big bear guys soon after. It only took about half an hour for them to load the truck and sign the contracts. I send Alex a text.

To: Alex

Message: I am now an unemployed starving artist. Please throw money into my hat when you see me panhandling on the street. Oh, and Callen and family are coming for dinner.

Now that, that is taken care of, we're off to find a Christmas tree. We are in Callen's truck, he has a longer bed to fit the tree in.

"Thanks, Callen, for all your help. I'm so glad you're around. Make sure you send the bill." I look over to him warmly. I love my brother!

"You're welcome, buddy. I love you! I hope what you do next makes you happy."

"I'm sure it will. With Jase and Jack helping Alex, we'll have more family time. And I am more than satisfied with that."

"You guys are really happy huh? I think it's great Trace."

PING!!

From: Alex

Message: You know I will. Congratulations Honey!! I love you XXX

This makes me smile as Callen continues.

"You know when you were gone; he was a sad and angry guy. He blamed himself for everything, including what happened between Jase and me. Then when he found you, and it didn't go well, he thought he'd lost you forever, it was like he was broken. He and Jase came back and said how thin you were, and you didn't look happy. He couldn't snap out of it. I think if it hadn't been for Benny he wouldn't have made it. Jase said when Alex saw you that day at the hospital; after you had left, he sat there and cried for almost an hour. 

"Apparently he was a bear at work until you two were back together. Then it was like his light switched back on and he was his happy self again. The more your relationship seems to develop the happier he is. And you appear to be just as happy. I'm glad you forgave him, well, all of us come to think of it. It must not have been easy for you. You're a hero in my eyes Bud. We hurt you, and you didn't let it become baggage. I couldn't be more proud of you if I tried. Not that I have any right." Callen finishes and looks over to me. 

I have been crying the entire time he is telling me what happened. He pulls the truck over and takes me in his arms, rubbing my back to settle me down and kept repeating how sorry he is. After about ten mins, I release myself from his arms.

"Are you okay Bud, I'm sorry I shouldn't have told you. I assure you though, Alex's is the happiest I have ever seen him. That's all you, you make him happy. He never stops talking about you and Benny; you two are his entire world of happiness. It's funny when you think about it, you two were always at each other's throats when we were kids. But as adults, it's true love - the forever kind of love that people only wish for."

"You and Jase have that to you know, everybody talks about it. So don't you ever doubt that either. I guess the heavens are making up for taking Mum and Dad away by giving us our perfect love. The rest is up to us I guess." I assure Callen.

"I think you might be right." Callen agrees as he fires the truck up and pulls back into the traffic.

We were at our fourth tree lot. Stupid me has left it so long, and in Florida, most of the trees look like they are ready to collect their pension. It's getting late, so I text Alex.

To: Alex

Message: I don't have time to get Benny, can you pick him up I'm running late.

Callen knew of a farm just outside of town, they would usually be sold out by now, but we are going to try. Luckily the man had some trees returned due to permit issues. We were able to get a decent six and a half footer. No complaints from us, we just want a good looking tree.

"Oh, Alex said to tell you the tack and clothes have arrived. Billy has put them in the old storage room at the barn. I was thinking if you and Alex take care of wrapping all of that, I'll go over with Jase and the kids and we can wrap everything else. As long as you don't mind - of course?"

"That sounds like a good idea, we haven't really gotten anything else for Cory. I will wrap everything individually, so it seems like more. Having a kid and horse is expensive." Callen laughs, "I got Jase all new running gear and a beautiful watch. You gave me the idea when you got new hockey gear for Alex."

"He'll love that. I hate buying presents you never know what to get people no matter how well you know them." I say discouragingly.

We get home, and I leave the tree to Alex and Callen. Oh, shit Jack, and Beth.

I pull out my phone and Jase parks his car. I wait for him to get to me. 

"Can you ring Beth and tell her to get her ass over here to help decorate the tree, see if her folks want to come too?" I ask Jase. He dials Beth as he nods and walks to the house. 

I dial Jack and speak before he can say hello, "Get your ass over to Alex's, you have to help decorate the tree and have dinner with us."

"SIR, YES, SIR!" Comes the reply, I can almost see him put his feet together and solute.

"Smart Ass! I'll text you the address in case you can't remember how to get here." I say laughing.

"Great, I'll clean up and be right over. Do I need to get anything on my way?"

"If you want to drink since it's Friday you can probably crash here, so just whatever you want to drink I guess."

"See ya soon. SIR!"

I hang up the phone laughing. He is going to be fun to have around. I wander into the house through to the living room. They've put the tree against the middle strut on the outside wall going to the pool. It is the focal point of the room and it will look great once we are done. I look at everyone admiring the tree. It's not huge, but it will do. I see Benny crying on the couch. 

I sit next to him and pull him into my lap.

"What's the matter, my sweet boy?" I ask him.

"I did fink Sanna was gonna forget us, but Daddy says he is busy and drop our tree off late," Benny says as he wipes his eyes.

"See he didn't forget us. It's his busiest time of the year. I bet he was taking care of all the toys and trees for the boys and girls who can't afford such things. We are okay, we can afford nice things any time we want. But some boys and girls parents don't have the money to get them things. Don't you think Santa should look after them first? At least that way if he does run out, Daddy and I can get you things that are from Santa."

"The boys n' girls they don't have nuffink?" he asks as if it isn't possible.

"No baby, they don't get new things like you do when you need them. And when they do a lot of the time they have to get things that are already used. It's not fair, is it? There are even some boys and girls that don't have a home to live in. You're a very lucky boy."

I can see the wheels turning in his head, and he's playing with feet. He has that cute look on his face he gets when he's concentrating. I'm waiting to see what he processes from our conversation. I see Jack arrive in the corner of my eye.

Benny looks up at me with those beautiful puppy dog eyes, "we should go get one of em boys. I shared my room and toys wiv him, then he has a home. And... and we can get some more pocka money from Uncle Cal and get a girl a present," he starts shaking his head no, "I don't wanna share my room wiv a girl, I aweady have Hayley. I love her."

The whole room is laughing at this, but every single set of eyes is watery. Alex looks fondly at Benny, I could see how proud he is of him. Callen comes over and hands Benny a one hundred dollar bill.

"You go and buy a present for a girl and a boy tomorrow. When you come home you wrap them and call me, and I will take you to see Father Paul, and he'll make sure that some lucky boy and girl get a present from the most caring boy in the world. How about that?"

Benny threw himself toward Callen. He caught him just in time. Benny kisses his Uncle Cal and thanks him ten times. He turns to me and shows me the pocka money. I smile and nod to him. Cal wanders off with Benny in his arms. Jack sits down next to me, and Jase sits the other side. 

"That was lovely Tracey, what the hell do you teach that kid?" Jase asks.

"It is all him, believe me. We've never spoken about anything like that before. It's gonna be something else watching that boy grow up, I tell ya. He has the biggest heart I've ever come across." My eyes are all watery again.

"Holy, snappin' duck shit!" whispers Jack.

Jase and I look at each other and then at Jack inquiringly.

"Who the hell is the Goddess?" he asks quietly but with a very red face.

I look around and see Beth and chuckle, I look back at Jack, and he is smitten, "Beth, she is Alex's cousin, and the older folks with her are her parents. And more than likely a no go zone. But I will introduce you." I say standing and indicate for him to get up. 

Standing he checks his hair and smooths his clothes. I can't help but chuckle to myself. I take his arm and steer him toward Beth and her folks. I introduce them all to Jack and vice-versa. Poor Jack is stumbling through his greeting. When he's finished, he gets a beer from the fridge and sits down at the breakfast bar. I can see his face is bright red. 

Poor fella. 

I say my own hello's to the new arrivals, when I hug Beth she whispers, "Who's the hotty?" 

I pull her away from the crowd gently as we walk toward the tree. "Jack!"

"I know that, but that's all I know." She says curtly to me.

"Well, why don't you go and get a bottle of water and talk to him and find out. Finding out the information first hand could be fun. Don't ya think?" 

Beth smiles at me and walks to the fridge and grabs a bottle of water. She then leans against the bench in front of Jack and opens her water and starts a conversation with him. I smile and join Alex for a cuddle while he chats. As I sidle up to him, he puts his arm around my waist and kisses the top of my head. I love this man.

Walking away from the crowd I phone and order the $25 per head buffet to be delivered for eight people. There is always so much food. Then I pull out the table to its full size and set it for dinner. I put on a Christmas CD with a mixture of artists singing carols, then remove from the refrigerator some wine to have with the meal. Then I went back and stood with Alex. 

Dinner arrives, and we all sit down and dig in. We ask the kids what they want from Santa. Benny wants everything from a GI Joe to a brother to play with. Cory is non-committal about asking for anything. We talk about plans for Christmas day, everyone agrees to come by early for the kids to open their presents. Dinner winds up, and we all move back to the tree to start decorating.

Jase had the forethought to bring their decorations as well since they weren't having a tree this year. Alex has already brought his from the storage room earlier. All of the attendee's pitch in decorating the house and badly singing Christmas carols along with the CD. The boys and Callen are decorating the tree. Jase and I are putting little Christmas knick-knacks around the place. 

Alex is the entertainment tonight, singing in funny voices and dancing around the room. Rocking around the Christmas tree starts playing, and Alex dances over to me and quickly grabs me and twirls me around the room, while he sings on the top of his lungs. By the end of the song, everyone is dancing and singing.

I think the alcohol might have helped out a little bit. Bing Crosby's, White Christmas plays and all the couples settle in for a slow dance. Alex has Benny in one arm and me on the other, and we move slowly. Cory turns off the lights and lights up the Christmas tree. He then took Benny from Alex, and we dance so close. I lay my head on his shoulder and close my eyes, he rests his head on top of mine, and we sway to the music. 

Opening my eyes I see Jack and Beth, dancing cheek to cheek. Jack has the biggest smile on his face, and Beth looks happy. Callen is holding Jase's hand to his heart and their foreheads resting together. I don't ever remember feeling this much in love before. 

This really is a magical time of year. 

<><><>

Christmas morning finally arrives, waking from my sleep there is a light tapping on my forehead. Slowly opening my eyes, Benny is gently poking me on the head. His eyes are as big as saucers.

"Poppy, come see. Sanna come. He put all of the presents under the tree,"

"Uhh! Coffee!" is all I can get out.

"No Poppy, presents," Benny has slid off of the bed and pulling my arm.

"No... o... o... o... coffee first, where's Daddy?" I cry into my pillow.

"He's wiv Uncle Cal and... and... Unca Jase and... and... Cory. They tell me to get you up."

"Alright, tell Daddy there better be coffee, or I'm going back to bed." 

Benny ran out of the bedroom, it was such a late night, last night. I spent it with Jase wrapping all the presents that weren't horse related. I didn't get home until one in the morning. Then had to put them under the tree, after that, I replaced Benny's milk and cookies for Santa and the reindeer. 

I drag my ass out to the kitchen, not happy to be woken up I assure you. As I come into the kitchen, Beth and her parents have arrived with Jack in tow. Everyone is happy and jovial. Bastards. I shuffle toward the coffee machine, and Alex holds up a mug for me. 

"God, I love you," I reach and take the coffee. 

Jase is waffling on a mile a minute about how wonderful Christmas is. He walks over and puts on Christmas music. He's so happy, how can that be. I'm sooooooo tired I just wanna go back to bed. I sip on my coffee throwing daggers at all the happy people. 

"C'mon Trace, cheer up it's Christmas morning." Jase states with a big ol' smile on his dial.

"Ugh! I hate you." I mutter as I lean into Alex's side and close my eyes while I drink my coffee. He pulls me into a hug and just holds me. I'm pretty sure it's to keep me away from the other humans until the caffeine kicks in. 

"He'll be friendly again the minute that mug is empty - I promise." He laughs telling Jase who laughs along with him.

I take my last mouthful of coffee and pull out of Alex's arms. Putting the mug in the sink, I ask everybody, "Are we having breakfast first?" All the adults are agreeable as well as Cory, poor Benny looks devastated. "Ok, can Benny and Cory open one gift each before breakfast?" 

I look around, and Jase and Alex are nodding 'Yes.' Benny is smiling again. Jase walks over to the tree and gets two presents that have nothing to do with the horses and gives it to the boys. Alex starts on the breakfast, with the help of Jack for the mob. Cory has a new game for the game box thingy, and Benny has a new Legos pack. They're both thrilled, the game went straight into the game box, and Benny is on the floor in front of Cory opening his Legos. Everyone pitches in getting the table set and helping in the kitchen. You gotta love family, no formality just get the job done. 
