 OK so in the midst of a shopping trip in preparation for the local pride picnic, I had an unexpected situation occur. I was on my way heading back home after having done the first bout of shopping in the late morning to early afternoon. An incoming friend staying Tammy place had not yet arrived in town. 

As I was heading down the one main street towards home, probably less than a mile away to turn off when I noticed...there was a car on my passenger side that seem to speed up a little bit to catch up with me. And I noticed that the driver was using his right hand to push up and down like in a pumping action, but not with a fist necessarily.

At first I didn't see what was happening. I just paid my own business driving straight ahead. But then I noticed that the car had, sped up a little bit again to be parallel with me. When I looked over I realized that the guy was looking right at me and was making the same motion again. That's when I thought, "Is he cruising me?" So, I thought I'm not really sure this is what's going on.

And this car in the passenger lane, drifted ahead of me as I let off the gas a little bit. I watched and his tail lights flickered on and off. (AND I'm old enough to know driving cruising habits when they happen.) Then I was completely like a confused and surprised. I wasn't really sure what to do next. LOL

At this point, I decided to catch up a little bit and the person driving in the passenger vehicle drifted back this time, behaving the same way. I figured that's what must be going on. I then made sure to try to wait for traffic so I could get over in the lane behind him. 

Now I would've normally been turning left to go towards home. We approach the traffic light and he decided to make a right turn on an angle to go through a suburban neighborhood area. I followed along at a safe but slow distance; making sure it wasn't being weirdly obvious. He drove through the residential neighborhood for a couple of blocks and then made a left turn back towards the commercial area. 

I followed as well and noticed he made a right turn into the parking lot of a local ice-skating rink. I made the right turn into the same parking lot, keeping an eye to wear his vehicle had gone. His vehicle had pulled through most of the parking lot to the far end where it was not as populated; away from the entrance to the building. 

His vehicle had pulled over in a more empty section and parked. I decided to slowly proceed ahead and not turn right away in the same to direction. I went past him by two rows made the left and came around so that we were going to end up being parallel next to each other, but pointing ahead opposite lanes; basically driver side next to driver side. 

His driver side window is down. I made a couple quick decisions. I put up my windows, turned off the car, and grabbed my mobile phone. I was still feeling a little nervous about if this is a set up or not. I get out of my vehicle, close the door, and walked that just two feet to the side of his vehicle. He saw me standing there and said "Hey". I said "hey" back and asked him how he was doing. He said he was alright. And I noted he definitely seemed nervous which results in me feeling I'm not really sure what was going on.

At this point, I realized it was a make or break situation. If it was a set up, the next things would potentially lead to a not great outcome. Or...things could end up being just fine. I then asked him if he needed any help. He said maybe. I scan down towards his crotch and noticed that his zipper was down, with his underwear covered erection poking through the open fly.

I took the leap of faith. I asked him if I could come inside his vehicle and take a seat. He was a little surprised at first. But he said sure. I walked around and got in on the passenger side. There's an awkward silence. He had his cell phone in his hand, but he set it down. As he did so, I barely caught the screen was going to sleep mode with I thought the GROWLr app icon fading away actually. This affirmed my feeling not only was it a hook up, but it was not going to be some type of set up. 

Also at this point, I noticed that his crotch was moving around. He was flexing his erection as a sign of excitement. I asked him if he minded if I help him with that as I head nodded towards his crotch. He said he didn't mind. I started gasping his erection while still wrapped in his underwear poking through the open fly of his work pants. He was dressed professionally with navy slacks and a button down shirt, while wearing Aviator glasses. This said to me he was definitely either on a break for lunch, in between parts of work maybe, on his way to another location, heading home... I wasn't really sure.

I decided to move his underwear out of the way so I can get a look at his cock. He shifted in his seat a little bit. At first I thought maybe because he was uncomfortable. But then I realized he wanted to try to make it a little easier for comfort. And when his hardon freed of his underwear, I was quite happy with the size and girth. I didn't say anything out loud, as I didn't want to make it any more awkward for him.

And that's when I decided to lean over and suck his dick. He said something about not wanting to be seen. But, I figured he was going to keep a lookout as to who was around. Now, there is traffic going by probably by about 50 to 60 feet on the one main road. But I don't think we were really in that much of a visual shot for anybody to see what was happening. I made a point to get myself as low as possible so there wouldn't be the distraction of my head bobbing up and down if someone could see.

And I then proceeded to give him head, which he really appreciated based on his moans and groans. Interestingly about a minute in, he kind of referenced about not using much pressure. I think one of two things was going on; either he has a sensitive head, or he was that horned up that he was going to shoot literally in just seconds.

I eased off my suction and continue to bob up-and-down while sucking his dick. I really wanted to get his nuts out of his pants. But I realized that this was very much a quickie situation, and his being nervous was not conducive to my desire to getting him half naked.

As I continued, I made a point of pushing his pants fabric down around the zipper opening so that I could get all of his cock outside of his pants as I was blowing him. He used his hips to thrust up and kind of keep himself a little bit pushed off of the seat to make it a little easier on me as well. Honestly, I thought this was really fucking sexy hot and was incredibly turned on. At this point he reached over with his right hand and started massaging and feeling my ass thru my running shorts. I had not decided to wear any underwear that day and I think he figured out I was going commando. But he didn't decide to put his hand down inside the back of my shorts.

Instead he used his middle finger to start massaging and working its way between my ass cheeks with my running shorts fabric between his finger in the crack of my ass. Because this excited me, I increased my speed and pressure while sucking on his rockhard cock. He in turn then used his middle finger in an attempt to find my hole and wiggle around like he was going to finger fuck me. I shifted in the passenger seat a little bit to give him a shorter distance to reach.

And this is when we reach the point of no return, so to speak. He realized he was going to shoot, he said "don't get any on my pants". Which I actually thought was charming and helpfully instructive. I had already decided that I was going swallow his load, but he didn't know that.

At that point, I went full pressure and suction to help him get off, and he started heavy breathing. Soon followed by "Oh my God I'm going to come. I want to come right now."

I made sure to be ready within a second and forced myself all the way down on the shaft so he could unload to the back of my throat. I felt his right hand come over the back of my neck to the bottom of my head and then push down firmly as he unloaded. He let out a really nice guttural groan as he began to shoot his load. His cock swelled slightly as his balls emptied out to coat my throat. And then he collapsed relaxing back into the driver seat. Because he was a well-kept man, he was clean - very hygienic, and as I expected, his load tasted pretty good.

I then continued sucking on his cock to make sure that nothing from his cum got away. [This helped maintain his instruction of not getting anything on his pants.] I think he was surprised by this. I had the impression he felt that I was going to just let off his dick right away. He didn't know that when I enjoy sucking dick, I don't really want to stop.

I've been known to bring guys back around to another erection and a second or third orgasm. I'm not bragging. It's been known to happen and honestly, I really do enjoy that unexpected part of sex. He however, was basically done. I eased up on the pressure making sure that there wasn't anything left when I had fully taken his dick out of my mouth. I actually think he was pleasantly surprised at how clean the whole thing was.

I sat back up, put my ballcap back to the front as he adjusted himself, put his dick back in his underwear, pulled the zipper upright. I said I really enjoyed it. He confirmed that he did too. I said that if he wanted to repeat it again, I'd be perfectly fine with that and he affirmed he would as well. And I told him, "If you want to get a hold of me, you should probably keep an eye out." It seems cheesy now to read this as I type it but, reality is... funnily enough, we didn't exchange any contact information. [I know, I know!]

I got out and went back to my car, sat in the drivers seat full of adrenaline. After he pulled away in the parking lot to head out, I made sure that my phone had scruff and growler open so I could see or maybe figure out which profile might've been his. 

Unfortunately I never did figure out who he was. I did decide once I got back home a few minutes later, to post something on Craigslist here locally. I figured if I described the situation without all the details, he might see it and then reach out to contact me. [As of this posting now days going on weeks later, no follow-up from him but some emails of praise by guys enjoying the post I wrote.]

Now the thing to know is that I haven't hooked up with anybody like this, especially in their car, in probably at least a decade if not 15 years. And I've never hooked up with someone from driving and cruising at the same time. Which is why this encounter was incredibly unexpected and rare in that it never happened before. But could it happen again? Hmm...

And that, as Paul Harvey used to say, is the rest of the story.