 It was getting pretty hot sitting beside the pool so I decided to cool off. I got into the water and felt an instant cooling sensation. I started to relax when I heard a small splash. I looked around and found another man in the water with me. He swam around a bit as I watched him and then came over and we chatted a bit. The weather was the main topic but it soon turned to other things. 

The pool was a saltwater pool and I asked him how it differed from a non-salt pool.

"The salt keeps your skin softer but can dry it out once you're out." He said.

"What's the best thing to do to stop from drying out?" I asked.

"Just shower off after getting out and it should remove the salt from your skin. You can shower over in the men's room. Come on I'll show you." he said.

We both got out of the pool and grabbed our towels. He led me into the men's change area and gave me a quick tour.

"There, you can shower here anytime during the day or night. They're open 24/7," he said.

"Thanks, I think I've had enough of the sun for today. I think I'll shower and head into some air conditioning," I replied.

The shower stalls had an outside door that opened into a small changing area and as I entered the stall, I didn't close the door. I peeled my wet suit off and started the shower. The cool water felt good against my torrid skin and I stood under the spray, letting it cascade down my back. When I turned around, I was surprised to see the other man sitting watching me. He was sitting on the stall bench and was looking at my cock as I stood under the water. I felt my cock twitch and start to rise as he continued watching me without saying a word. As my cock hardened, standing straight out in front of me, the man slowly started to rub his own cock through his suit. The bulge in his suit started to grow and was trying to free itself from it's constrains.

I didn't say anything but just watched the man's face as my cock hardened under his constant gaze. His cock was hard now and he continued rubbing it through the material, all the time, watching my cock and licking his lips. I waited for a few more minutes and then couldn't help but wrap my hand around my hard cock.

"Would you like to do more than just watch?" I asked him.

He looked up at my face and I could see in his eyes, the excitement and lust that he felt.

"Would you mind?" he asked.

I motioned for him to join me and he quickly stood up, shedding his suit as he did. After stepping out of his suit, he quickly turned and locked the door to the stall. He then, turned around and walked over to me, joining me under the water. He grabbed my cock and started to rub his hand up and down its length, groaning slightly.

"You feel so good," he said. 

We were very close now and I could feel his breath against my face. We stood there for a few minutes, looking at each other as he continued rubbing my cock with his hand. He reached between my legs and ran his hand up my ass crack and fondled my balls gently.

"Your cock feels so good in my hand," he said. "The head is perfect and your balls feel full."

I didn't say anything but leaned against the shower stall wall and closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling of his hand pumping my cock. He moved so he was directly in front of me and I felt his tongue on my chest. He licked and sucked my nipples as he continued rubbing my cock. He moved down my chest and licked and sucked on my stomach as he moved down to my cock. Finally, I felt his tongue, lick the slit on my head and I spread my legs a little more. He then engulfed my cock in his mouth and groaned when he did. 

As I leaned against the wall, he started to pump my cock with his mouth. I reached down and grabbed his head, helping him pump me. I started to thrust my hips back and forth as I held his head and was soon fucking his face with rapid thrusts. He was groaning all the time and his groans made me want to fuck his face harder.

He stopped me and took my cock out of his mouth.

"Oh yeah," he exclaimed. "Your cock tastes so good, I want you to fuck me until you come in my mouth."

"Not yet," I quickly replied as I stood him up and turned him around so he was leaning against the wall. "Not until I taste your cock too."

I quickly got on my knees and took his hard cock into my mouth, licking and sucking on his head and finally, taking all of him into me. I took his cock out of my mouth and leaned further down to lick his balls and behind them, towards his ass hole. He was groaning loudly now and I moved back up, engulfing him, pumping his hard cock in and out of my mouth. He held my head with his hands and helped me suck him. 

"Oh yeah, that feels good," he said quietly. "Suck my cock. I want to come in your mouth."

I reached around him and pulled him away from the wall. I grabbed his ass cheeks and helped him pump in and out as I sucked him. It wasn't long before I felt his cock twitch and his balls tighten. I knew he was coming. 

"Wait," he said, stopping me and pulling his cock out of my mouth. "I don't want to come in your mouth here. Let's go over to my place and we can fuck each other's mouths all we want."

"Ok, lets go but first I'll have to tell my wife," I replied.

"Well, don't be long," he said. "I want your cock exploding in my mouth and I want it now. I'm in 206."

As we got back into our suits, I asked him his name.

"By the way, what's your name?" I asked.

"It's Tom," he replied.

"I'm, Ron," I quickly said, as we headed out of the shower area.

"See you in a few minutes," I added as we parted.

I headed back to the pool and told my wife that I had met a guy who wanted to show me around a little and that I wouldn't be long, I hoped. I told her I would see her back at the house later. I grabbed my things and headed out the door. I walked around and finally found 206. Tom was standing in the doorway as I approached and ushered me into his place. I quickly looked around as I entered.

"Do you live here alone?" I asked.

"No, but my wife works so we're alone for a while," he replied.

I quickly looked at my watch and it was 2 o'clock. 

"Don't worry," he said. "She won't be back until after six."

"I told my wife that I wouldn't be too long, that's all," I said.

"Then, let's not waste any more time," he replied, as he moved towards me. I dropped my things and reached for him, wrapping my arms around him. Our lips met and I pushed my tongue as deeply into his mouth as I could. He did the same and we stood sucking on each other's tongues, groaning and moaning at the feeling. I could feel his cock growing against me and I leaned back a little.

"You are really horny, aren't you?" I said.

"Oh yeah," he replied. "Every since I saw your cock in the shower, I wanted to feel you come in me."

With that, we pulled our suits off and reached for each other again. This time my hand wrapped around his cock as we kissed and sucked tongues. I felt his hand rubbing my cock as we stood in the middle of the room for a few more minutes. He leaned back a little.

"I want your cock, now," he said, as he slowly sank to his knees, taking my cock in his hand and leaning forward, sticking his tongue out to lick the slit. He licked and finally, took all of me into his mouth.

I groaned at the feeling of his hot mouth sliding up and down the length of my hard cock.

"Oh yeah," I said. "Suck me hard."

I held his head in my hands and started to pump in and out of him. 

"Wait," he said, as he took my cock out of his mouth. "Let's go to bed first."

He led me down the hall, holding onto to my cock as we went. When we got in the bedroom, he got onto the bed on his back.

"Come on,' he said. "Get on top of me and fuck me."

I moved over him until I was above him, my cock pointing down at his mouth. I slowly lowered myself down until he had my full length in his mouth. 

"Fuck me," he said around my cock.

I started to slowly pump in and out of him as he moaned and groaned around my cock. I grabbed the headboard on the bed and started to speed up my thrusts. He took my full cock into him every time I thrust down against his face. I could feel my balls start to tighten and my cock twitched.

"I'm coming," I yelled at him. "I'm going to fill your mouth with my come."

I exploded into his mouth, sending my hot come down his throat. He swallowed over and over again, taking all I could give him. I finally finished and slowly pulled my softening cock out of his mouth.

He licked his lips to get the little bit that had escaped and grinned at me.

"I knew you would taste good," he said. "Your cock gets so hard and having you fuck my mouth has almost made me come myself."

"Oh no, you don't," I quickly replied. "The only way you're coming is in my mouth." We quickly changed positions and he was soon, pumping in and out of my mouth with his engorged hard cock. I could feel the veins on the side of his cock rub against my lips as he thrust in and out. He was groaning loudly now and I knew he was coming.

"I'm coming," he yelled, as he spurted his come deep down my throat from above. "Swallow all of it."

I swallowed his salty goo and swallowed again and again until he was finished. 

He slowly got off me and noticed that my cock was started to get hard again. He reached over and pumped it a few times with his hand.

"You want it again, don't you?" he asked.

"You up to it?" I asked.

"Just watch me," he replied, as he took my hard cock in his mouth again.

He slowly, this time, pumped up and down on my cock, sucking it deep into his mouth. I lay on the bed and let him suck me until I started to spurt up into his mouth again. He swallowed my offering again and again and then took my cock out of his mouth.

"Man, I could suck you all day," he said. "Your cock gets so hard and you taste so good."

"Any time you want," I said. "You can have my cock every day if you want, but only if I can have yours too."

After that we started meeting daily at the pool or over at his place and sucked each other several times. Maybe this could lead to something else.