 I followed Mason into the cold embrace of his air conditioned home. As soon as the chilly air hit me I was struck by the reality of what we had just done. 

Without really thinking too much about it, I had just sucked his cock in the pool and swallowed a load of his cum. I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about that.

"Do you need some more water?" Mason asked.

I realized I had downed almost all of my glass.

"Sure," I said though I was anything but.

Once again he filled two glasses of ice water and handed me one. 

"Let's head back down to my room."

I was running on autopilot at this point so I just nodded and followed him down the stairs once again. 

Before I knew it we were back in his room.

"Have a seat on the bed. I'm just gonna roll another J."

I sat down and weighed my options. 

It seemed like five minutes ago when I was sweating my ass off mowing the lawn next door. How did I end up here in this high schooler's room smoking pot and questioning my sexuality?

I'd only ever had sex with women and never remotely considered guys in a sexual way. I'd seen plenty of cocks in porn, but I'd never focused on them. I only ever watched the sexy chicks sucking on them and getting railed by the hard dicks.

I snapped out of my daze when I felt the bed move. Mason had finished rolling the J and sat down next to me. 

"Oh shit, I should close the door. Here, you start this."

He handed me the joint and walked over to close his bedroom door. 

I watched him walk and was struck by how cool and casual he was while also being incredibly confident and sure of what he was doing. It was a very attractive quality. I aspired to be the same way but somehow this 18-year-old kid had me beat at the game.

Just before he turned around I sparked the joint in hopes that he wouldn't realize I'd been watching him. 

He turned around and smiled as I inhaled deeply. 

"It's pretty good shit," he said. 

I exhaled and nodded in agreement. 

I passed it over to Mason and he puffed away for a few moments before sending it back. 

He held the smoke in for a long time, much longer than I felt like I could manage. 

Still, I gave it my best effort as we traded back and forth in silence. 

"That really was awesome what you did for me out there," he said finally. 

"Well, I'm glad I could help out."

We both laughed as he put out the J.

"I think it's only fair that I return the favor."

I smiled assuming that I was about to get a blowjob. This afternoon had gone from sweating my ass off to getting super high and receiving a BJ in a stranger's basement. What more could I ask for?

I leaned forward on the edge of the bed. 

Mason got down on his knees and started fondling my cock to life. As it grew harder it began to strain the bathing suit. Mason started to slide off my shorts so I raised my ass and allowed them to slip down to my ankles. 

I was breathing harder now and trying to keep myself under control. 

Once he got me clear of my shorts, Mason attacked my half-hard cock with vigor. I was surprised but I couldn't begin to mind. He expertly worked my cock into peak hardness using his tongue along with an occasional lusty grab of my balls. 

Now Mason was pumping his throat up and down on my rock hard member and making some amazing gagging sounds. He never seemed to be out of control though. Me, well, I managed to hang on for a few minutes but I was quickly overcome by my animal urges.

I couldn't help myself, the sounds, the smells and unbelievable feelings. There wasn't much anyone could do. 

"OH, God! Mason! I'm gonna CUM!" I screamed.

He just continued to slurp on my knob and the next thing I knew I saw fireworks and rocket after rocket of hot cum shot into Mason's mouth. I mumbled something unintelligible and grinned like an idiot. Mason stood up smiling. He grabbed me by the back of my neck and pulled me towards him.

He leaned in and kissed me. I pushed my tongue into his mouth and was rewarded with a tongue coated in thick, fresh cum. My very own cum. It was so hot to be sucking it out of his mouth. We moaned and made out for a few minutes before collapsing on Mason's bed. 

I pulled the covers over and we both scooted underneath. We were both completely naked and we nuzzled each other getting tangled in the sheets, kissing and fondling away the afternoon. 

We locked eyes and we both gave each other a coy look. 

"Now what?" he asked.

"How about another swim?" I said with a devious smile.