 Tom and I fed on each other’s cock for a couple of weeks, regularly meeting at his place. I finally did meet his wife but she didn’t know that Tom and I were having an affair. 

One day as I sat on Tom, feeding my hard cock into his mouth, I glanced up and thought I saw some movement outside the window. It was so fleeting that I didn’t really pay too much attention to it at the time. After we were finished sucking each other dry, I mentioned it to Tom.

“You know, I think I saw someone watching us,” I said.

“Really?” Tom asked. “When did you notice it?”

“Just a few minutes ago.”

“Well, maybe we have a secret voyageur wanting some of what we have.”
“Let’s go see if there is anyone around.”

We got up and pulled our shorts on, heading to the door. I looked around as we went out the back door but didn’t see anything or anyone. Tom went one way and I the other but there was no one to be found.

“Maybe it was the wind,” Tom said.

“No, I definitely saw someone moving outside the window,” I replied.

“Well, they don’t seem to be around now, so let’s go back in because I want your cock again,” Tom said, as he led the way back inside.

Tom got on his back on the bed and I moved above him, slowly lowering my balls to his mouth so he could suck and lick them. My hard cock was sticking above his head and he grabbed it and jammed it into his mouth, groaning slightly as he did.

“Oh yeah, suck my cock you cock sucker,” I encouraged him as I pumped my cock in and out of his mouth. “Suck me until I fill your mouth.”

All Tom could do is groan and take my cock deep into his throat. As I looked up, I saw a pair of eyes watching us from the window. I froze and Tom stopped, pulling my cock out of his mouth.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“There is someone watching us,” I said quietly, motioning with my head towards the window. Tom slowly turned his head and looked at the window. He saw the eyes too and didn’t seem too surprised.

“We have two options,” he said quickly. “We can jump up and try to catch whoever it is or we can give them a good show.”

I looked down at my cock and it was as hard as it had ever been.

“I think a show is in order, don’t you think?” I said quickly.

“Oh yeah, let’s go for it,” he replied.

He grabbed my cock and stuffed it back into his mouth, groaning loudly now so the watcher could hear him. 

“I’m coming,” I yelled at him. “Swallow all of it, you slut. I’m going to fill your mouth and watch you swallow all of it.”

My cock twitched and I spurted a good size wad of come into his mouth as he swallowed it all, gulping it down his throat. After I finished, he pulled my cock out of his mouth and slowly licked and sucked on it, cleaning all the come off it, with his tongue. We really put on a show for whoever was outside and having someone watching us made us horny again. We switched positions and Tom fucked my face for all he was worth, with short, rapid thrusts until he came inside me.

After he finished, we rolled away from each other and I looked at the window. Whoever had been watching us was gone now. We talked about it for a while before I left. We didn’t have any idea who the watcher was but we would be trying to find out over the next few days.

After I got home, I went to have a shower and as I washed the come off myself, my wife came into the bathroom. “How’s Tom?” she asked.

“Fine,” I answered.

A thought hit me like a ton. What if the watcher was my wife? Would she say anything? I had to be careful around her and I tried to be very attentive for the rest of the day, hoping that she wasn’t the one.

A couple of days later, Tom and I found out who the watcher was, quite by accident. We had been sitting by the pool, talking about who we thought the watcher could be when Tom’s wife came over to us. 

“Hi guys,” she said. “Carol and I are going to do some shopping this afternoon. Anything you need?”

We both nodded and told her to have a good time and that we didn’t need anything. 

“Ok, see you later,” she said over her shoulder, with a slight grin on her face. I looked at Tom and he at me. 

“I didn’t know your wife knew mine,” I said to him.

“No, I didn’t either.” 

“Maybe we better follow them and see what’s up,” I suggested.

He quickly agreed and we gathered our things and headed back towards his place. When we got there, he suggested we sneak around the back and see if we could see anything. I agreed and followed him around the back of the house. When we got to the bedroom window, we peeked in and were surprised by the sight. Tom’s wife was on her back with her legs up in the air and was being fucked by a huge dildo strapped onto to another woman. I looked at Tom and he had a funny grin on his face. I nudged him and mouthed quietly to him.

“Who is the one on top?” I asked.

“I don’t know,” he answered.

We watched the two women fuck until Tom’s wife started coming from the pounding she was getting from the huge dildo. The woman on top lunged forward a couple more times and then held the dildo deep inside Tom’s wife’s cunt until she started to relax. She withdrew the dildo and sat back, slowly removing it. As she did, we caught a look at her face and it was my wife, Carol. I looked at Tom and he was grinning from ear to ear and didn’t seem to be shocked at all. Myself, I couldn’t believe what I had just seen.

He took a hold of my arm and led me away from the window. 

“Well, at least we know who the watcher is,” he said. Wasn’t that the sexiest thing you’ve ever seen, two women making love.”

I didn’t say anything because I still couldn’t believe that my wife had any lesbian tendencies, at least she had never talked about them. Tom looked at me and saw that I was upset.

“Come on,” he said. “Don’t be so serious. After all, it’s only sex.”

“I know but I just didn’t expect to see Carol involved,” I replied.

“I don’t know about you but I’m hard as a rock and need a mouth around my cock, right now,” he said as he pulled his cock out of his shorts. “Come on, suck me.”

I looked at his cock and then down at my own. It was hard too and when I looked up at Tom, he was grinning at me.

“It looks like you enjoyed it more than you thought,” he said. 

He reached over and pulled my shorts down, letting my cock out of its constraints. His mouth was around my hard cock in a flash and he sucked and licked it harder than ever before. He really was affected by watching the two women and wanted his mouth full as soon as he could have it. I started to come in no time and filled his mouth again with my hot seed. He groaned loudly as he swallowed and sucked me clean. He quickly stood up and I knelt in front of him, taking his cock into my mouth. He started to fuck my face with rapid thrusts and soon I felt his cream hit the back of my throat. I swallowed all of it and licked his cock clean after he was finished.

We pulled our shorts up and headed back to the pool.

“This puts a new twist into everything, doesn’t it?” he said as we settled down in a couple of lounges. “Just think of the possibilities.”

“I don’t know Tom,” I said. “How are we going to get the women to talk about this?”

“That’s a good question.”

When I got home, my wife was putting a few things away.

“How was the shopping?” I asked.

“We had a good time and didn’t spent a whole lot,” she replied.

“How’s Tina?”

“She’s great, I guess. She doesn’t like shopping that much but put up with me hauling her all over the store. After we got back, I stopped at her place and we had a quick ice tea while she put her things away. They have a beautiful home and she showed me around a little.”

I let her talk and hoped she would trip herself up.

“Their bedroom is bigger than ours and they have a king size bed.”

“Did you try it out?” I interrupted her.

She looked at me and with a slight grin said, “Yeah I did.”
As I know my wife really well, I could tell that there was something she was holding back and without her knowing it, I knew what it was. I continued trying to get her to tell me about fucking Tina.

“How was it?” I asked.

“It was great. Tina said that they make love almost every day and there were semen stains on the sheets.”

“Oh?” “In fact, they were a little damp in spots and Tina told me that it was from this morning.”

“Oh really.” 

“Yeah, she said that Tom fucked her in the ass this morning and it ran all over the sheets when he pulled out of her.”

I didn’t know what to say to that so I kept quiet.

“Tina is very sexy and has a great set of breasts.” My wife continued. “She showed me them as she was trying on a new outfit.”

“I noticed that she is well built,” I said quickly.

“I bet you did,” she added, grinning at me. “I bet you would like to have them around your cock, wouldn’t you?”

“Well, I never thought about it before but now that you mention it, it would be nice to tit fuck her.”

The conversation was getting hot now and I was getting hard just listening to my wife.

“Do you think Tom would let you fuck Tina?” she asked.

“I don’t know and how would I go about asking him?”

“Well, you two spend a lot of time together and I’m sure you’ve compared Tina and me, so why don’t you just ask him next time you’re together.” 

“Would you be ok with me fucking Tina?”

“Sure, as long as I was there and maybe Tom could fuck me at the same time.”

“I’ve never heard you talk like this before. What brought this on?”

“Must be the weather.”

“Are you sure you don’t mind?”

“I’m sure.”

Carol left the kitchen, with me standing there with my mouth open and my mind racing. She came back in and had changed into her bikini.

“Come on, let’s go for a swim.”

We walked down to the pool and met Tom and Tina on the way. Tom looked at me and winked. Tina and Carol hugged and we all settled down in some lounges. It didn’t take long for the conversation to get around to sex.

“Tom, Ron has something to ask you,” Carol said.

“Yeah, what is it bud?”

I blushed deeply and stammered a little.

“Well, I was wondering,” I started.

Carol interrupted me and blurted out, “He wants to know if he can fuck Tina.”  

Tom looked at his wife and then back at us.

“I guess it’s up to her, isn’t it.”

Turning to his wife, he asked, “How do you feel about that, honey?”

Tina smiled and said, “I don’t even know him.”

“Does that really matter?” asked Tom. “He has a great cock and knows how to use it, doesn’t he Carol?”

“He does know how to use it,” Carol spat out, reaching over and rubbing my cock through my suit. “He knows how to use it and gives good head too.”
Tina surprised Tom and I with her next statement.

“Yeah Tom, you should know.”

Tom and I looked at each other and grinned. We had found the watcher.

“Well, now that you know about us, let’s talk about you two,” Tom said quickly.

“We watched Carol fucking you this afternoon and it looked like you were enjoying it.”Tina just sat there, not saying anything. Carol, on the other hand, spoke up immediately.

“Tina told me about watching you two together and we decided that if you could have some fun that we shouldn’t be left out.”

Tina was squirming in her seat as Carol went on about how they got together and what they did. Tina suddenly stood up and looked at us.

“All this talk has made me horny. I need a cock in my cunt, real or fake but I need it now.”

We all jumped up, grabbed our things and headed over to Tom’s place. I watched Tina from behind as we walked and my cock started to rise again, against my suit. Tina burst into the house and was undressed by the time Tom closed the door.

“Who is it going to be the first to fuck me?” she asked, almost whimpering.

“I want to be first,” Carol said quickly as she undressed.

The two women ran up the stair and before Tom and I got to the bedroom, were fucking. We watched Carol thrust the dildo in and out of Tina’s cunt as Tina yelled at her to fuck her harder. I looked at Tom and his cock was standing straight out in front of him. I reached over and wrapped my hand around his cock and rubbed it. He groaned and moaned a little and then said, “Come on, let’s join them.”

Tom got on the bed as I took my suit off. I quickly straddled his head and thrust my hips down, filling his mouth with my cock. He groaned slightly as I started to fuck his mouth. I could watch Carol fucking Tina as I pumped in and out of Tom’s mouth, and the noise from both Tina and Tom made the room come alive and I came inside him in no time. He groaned as I emptied myself into him and Tina came in a shattering orgasm at about the same time. 

We switched positions and before I took Tom’s hard cock in my mouth, I watched Carol spread her legs as far apart as she could and Tina thrust the huge dildo all the way into her, making her yelp.

“Oh fuck me, Tina,” she yelled. “Fuck me hard.”

Tom got my attention and thrust his hard cock into my mouth from above. He started to pump in and out of me and I felt his cock head hit the back of my throat when he thrust down. He came soon after and I swallowed as fast as I could, all of his come which was spurting down my throat in huge gobs. I licked his cock clean when he was finished and Carol started coming just as I finished. The two of us watched Tina bring Carol to a huge orgasm and they were both screaming as they came.

We rested for a little while and then went at it again. Before the afternoon was over, I fucked both Tina and Carol in the ass and Tom fucked the two women in their cunts. We rolled around for a long time before everyone was spent. Carol and I headed home and the next day, we started all over again.