 I want to first thank all of you for your wonderful comments on my previous story. I appreciate all your input and the compliments you've said. Let me explain why it has taken so long for me to provide you with another story. First because I haven't had the time, and secondly because, this story takes place a few months after the first story, so I thought it may be a nice literary move, to continue the time frame in real-time mode. I'm not sure if it will work out that way, but I appreciate any input you may have. Within this story, I added another fantasy of mine, so I hope you enjoy it. Please do not be insulted by any slurs being made, it's a fictional account, treat it as such, and do not get to bent out of shape. Oh, any older men with huge cocks in NYC, give me a ring. 

*

It has been four months since I started working at Harry's company, and let me tell you, it has been a dream. The job is working better than I could have ever imagined, I'm making more money I ever thought possible, and achieving status I never knew existed. I proposed to my girlfriend and gave her a 3-karat diamond ring. WE just bought a beautiful townhouse, and furnished it brand new. Work could not be better, and as for my sex life, I'm blissful. I have my fiancé's pussy anytime I need it, and then I have Harry, to satisfy the other urges I have, life could not be better.

Harry just got into the city this morning, I just finished my work and I'm on my way to his hotel room. Harry and I meet at least once a month, sometimes twice. I come over to his hotel room, and we usually just sit and talk over a cold drink. Truthfully Harry has become more to me than just a fuck buddy, but is a confidant and a friend. Sex with us isn't a lovey dovey thing, it's just something we do to relieve stress, and fulfill the secretive urges we both feel. When I come over we are just too guys hanging out, no kissing, or caressing, just two guys talking. When the night winds down, we undress, and he places his large 14 inch uncut cock in my mouth, I suck him to completion, and swallow every last drop. When I suck him he doesn't run his hands through my hair like I'm some girl sucking on him, I'm a man, and he treats me like a man, pushing his cock as far down my throat as it will go. This was one problem I had with being with men, I love to suck cock, and I enjoy it immensely, but most men treat you like their girlfriend, rubbing your face, touching your nipples, caressing your skin. 

Fucking stop it man, you want to fuck a woman, then fuck your girlfriend, treat me like a man. (I'm sure some of my readers understand what I'm saying, after all many of us are classified as bi, or as I classify myself, straight yet explorative) With Harry that doesn't exist, and it's why I enjoy being with him. We are two friends, both with other women, both love women, but also have an urge to be with a man, and take advantage of that urge. Every now and then, Harry even sucks my cock. I'm not sure if he likes it, but I think he does it as reciprocation. But surprisingly he gives a great blowjob, and he too swallows every drop of my young sperm. AS for fucking, he hasn't fucked me since the first time. I'm kind of disappointed, even though I did not enjoy it much; I kind of miss his huge cock inside of me. I don't' crave it, but I think of it, and sometimes wish he'd tell me to bend over, but I think he enjoys the blow jobs a little to much, so in a way, the fact that he doesn't bring it up, may be a compliment.

So I enter Harry's room, and he greets me with a handshake. We talk about work, he talks about his wife and kids, and I talk about the planning of the wedding. We sit and drink, and talk for about an hour. As I was mentioning the amount of people coming to the wedding, he unzips the fly to his pants, and nonchalantly pulls out his cock. It hangs right over the edge of his pants, semi hard, hanging, like a radiator hose, I'd say about 6 inches. 

"Jack, would you suck my dick."

No need to ask twice, I come over to him, lie on my knees, and aim his cock into my mouth and suck. Up and down, my mouth goes, my tongue rubbing on the back of his cock. Cupping his hairless balls in my hands, I increase speed as I allow his cock to fuck my mouth. A few moments later, quicker than usual, he unloaded his cum down my throat, and said in a whisper, after the moans, "Jack you give the best head."

It was at this time, I was jerking my cock fast ready to cum, and he said don't, I have another surprise for you. What could it be I thought, and then there was on knock on the door.

"Perfect Timing," Harry said, as he walked to the door. I immediately put my pants back on.

The door opened and in walked in a thug locking black man. Not to stereotype, just being descriptive, but this man looked like he was selling drugs on the corner, or just shot the clerk down the street. He was a real criminal looking black man. Skin as black as the dark night sky, stood at about 6'5" wearing baggy ripped up jeans, and a black south pole jacket, 5 sizes too big. He hadn't shaved what appeared to be 4 or 5 days. What is this man doing here, I asked myself?

"Jack this is your present. His name is Tyrone, we have been friends for a long time; he handles all the dirty work of the business. He has my utmost confidence."

"Hi, nice to meet you," I said, with dry cum hanging out of my mouth. 

"Yea," Tyrone said in a low tone voice.

"Now Jack, Tyrone has a cock just as long as mine, but as thick as a beer can, and has lots of foreskin, just like you like it. Now Tyrone isn't gay, or bi, he used to sell his cock to make ends meet, till I hired him."

I began to laugh, thinking Tyrone is another one of me, hired to work for Harry, in return for sex. And then I remembered, a month ago I told Harry I would love to suck on a real hung black man, but I mentioned, I would want a thug looking man, I found that kind of black guy more attractive. A real manly looking criminal, if you know what I mean. And here he was.

"No Jack, it's not what you think, Tyrone and I have never had any type of sex, it's a long story. But the other day, I asked Tyrone if he would mind me buying his cock for someone, and he said sure."

"And man, I won't tell anyone." Tyrone said.

"So Jack, are you ready for your surprise."

Before I could answer Tyrone came up to me, unzipped his fly and said, "Ok now white boy, take my fucking cock out and suck on it." 

I moved my hand in between the slit, caused by the opening of the fly, I then noticed he had on no underwear on, I then felt the skin of his cock, and pulled his weighty man hood out. The length and thickness was no exaggeration. Flaccidly hanging out of his pants, it was delicious looking. A true mahogany rod. I took a smell of his manly must. He was not at all dirty, as I may have expected, the smell of soap still noticeable. I without hesitation opened my mouth as wide as I could, pulled back the hanging foreskin, and stuck his cock deep in my mouth.

"That's it you fucking white boy, suck that nigger cock," he said. 

And I did what I was told. Faster and faster, the tip of his cock rubbing against the roof of my mouth, covering my teeth by bending my lips back, and using my tongue licking the bottom of his rod. His cock got harder and thicker, my jaw was aching, painfully aching, but I did not want to stop, I was compelled to keep sucking. Within minutes, he was completely naked. His body was perfectly sculptured. A man of god, without question. I pulled on his balls as I made love to his cock. His hairless sack hung at least 5 inches from his cock, with balls the size of golf balls. 

Harry was sitting beside me on the couch, jerking his massive cock as I continued to suck my new friend. 

"You fucking piece of shit white boy, you like that cock don't you."

"Yes," I said.

"Yes, sir, you fucking maggot."

Here I was being forced by this black man, dominating me like a submissive whore.

"Ok white boy, you suck cock good, lets see about that asshole."

Fear struck me, this man was going to stick his thick enormous cock inside me, Harry's I could barely take, now this guy, but then at the same time, I wanted it. I've been thinking about it as I told you earlier. So hesitantly yet needing, I turned my body over, and stuck my naked ass in his face.

"Stop, Tyrone." Harry said. "He doesn't like that."

"It's ok," I said. Harry shut the fuck up.

Before Harry finished his sentence, Tyrone was eating my asshole, rubbing his tongue and fat lips over my hole, eating it like a pussy. I jerked my cock off, as the feeling of his wet tongue in my hole was almost unbearable in pleasure.

Then he stood up, put some lotion Harry gave him on his cock, lubricated my ass, and began to enter my tight hole. Oh my, I know I screamed louder than I had wanted as his cock entered me. The pain was too much, and I pulled back.

"No way you fucking faggot, I'm fucking you, you're not pulling back."

And with one heavy thrust he was all in me. And he didn't try and slow down; no he fucked me as fast and hard as he could. The pain subsided, partially because I was numb, and then the feel of pleasure moved through my body. My cock, hardened up, and I heard my self saying, "fuck me you damn nigger." 

"What the fuck you call me."

"You heard me I replied, fuck me."

"You asked for it you little white boy."

He went even faster, hitting my ass with his hand, working on me to cause as much pain as possible, but I loved it. About 20 minutes later of this continuous pounding, I felt his cock thrust inside me, he was about to cum, I could feel it. He immediately pulled his cock out, turned me over with all the force his body could permit, and put his cock in my mouth, and told me to swallow every drop.

And I did, at least I thought, he then pulled his cock out, and finished cumming all over my face, Harry joined in, and also cummed on my faced, and finished jerking off, and came over my entire chest. Both men huffing and puffing, and I was lying on the floor full of cum. 

"Not bad for a white boy," Tyrone said and then laughed.

"Thanks, you were incredible," I replied.

"Tyrone, you did good thank you," Harry said.

"I don't like being with men, did it for the cash, but you ever need me again, let me know, that was the best sex I think I ever had."

Same here, I said to myself, same here.

After a shower, a drink and a dinner later, Tyrone left. Harry asked if I had a good time, and I assured him I did. He then asked, would you still like to continue sucking my dick.

I replied, "Harry, Tyrone had a great dick, but yours is the best for me." 

And I meant what I said. Tyrone's cock was incredible, thicker and maybe even longer than Harry's, but Harry's fit me just right. Hell 14 inches is not so bad, right. Harry explained that he was going back home tomorrow, but he'll be back next month with his wife, for the annual business party. "Guess we won't be having much fun then," I said laughingly. "You never know," Harry said. We shook hands, and I left for home. 

What is in stored for us next, only time will tell?