 It was sweltering outside and I was sweating my ass off working in the conditions. 

I'm Trevor, a 23-year-old recent college graduate without a job. I moved in with my folks while I continued looking for solid employment. I started taking odd jobs on the side to make a little cash in the meantime. 

That's why I was trying to mow a lawn in temperatures reaching the upper nineties. 

The house I was working at belonged to a family friend out of town for the summer. 

I was keeping an eye on the place and maintaining the yard for some pretty good scratch. Today, however, I was questioning if it was worth it. 

I stopped for a minute and took off my shirt. I'm in pretty good shape. I'm 5'9", 160 and with all the outdoors work I'd been logging I was developing a pretty nice tan. 

I started the mower again and finished up another row. I noticed someone come out of a sliding glass door one house over. 

The backyards touch, and despite a few trees, are open to each other guarded by trees behind. It's far enough from the road that it's very secluded and quiet, aside from the damn lawn mower. 

I mowed down and turned back to face the other yard again. The neighbors had an above ground pool with a deck that connected to the house. It was a nice setup just made for parties. 

The person who had come out of the house was standing down on the deck by the pool. It was a young guy, probably in high school. He tossed a floating raft into the pool and eased his way in up to his chest. 

He noticed me and waved a friendly hello. I waved back and continued in my task, desperately wishing I could jump into that pool to cool off. 

I kept mowing for about fifteen minutes while the kid next door floated in his pool. 

I stopped to remove the bag and when it caught on the mower's frame, grass spilled everywhere. 

I yelled and kicked the bag drawing the attention of the neighbor boy.

I turned the mower off so I could clear some grass clogged underneath near the blade. I flipped the device right side up and reattached the bag. 

"You look like you could use a dip!"

I turned and he was smiling at me. 

"Yeah man, I'm jealous."

"You should come over and go for a swim."

"Actually, I'd love to but I've got to finish this first," I said gesturing toward the remaining lawn.

"Well, come over afterwards. I'm just hanging out all afternoon."

"Thanks."

I went about my task and using the thought of a swim as motivation I was soon finished. 

I put away the equipment and walked over toward the neighbor's pool. 

I came up to the edge and the kid opened his eyes. 

"All done?"

"Yeah. That was a huge pain."

"Well hop in and cool down a bit."

"Thanks. Maybe I'll dunk my head. I realized I don't have a suit or anything."

"Oh that's okay you can borrow one from inside."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah no problem. We've got some extras laying around."

I got out of the pool and walked up to the sliding glass door he'd exited earlier. We went inside to a large living room with high ceilings that was open to the kitchen. 

I followed further around a corner and down some stairs to the basement which is where his room was located.

"I'm Mason by the way," he said finally. 

He opened a drawer and pulled out a pair of board shorts like the ones he was wearing but with a slightly different color scheme and pattern.

He casually tossed them to me, then reached into another drawer. 

"Do you smoke?" he asked.

To remove any doubt of what he meant, he produced a large blunt and a lighter.

I laughed and nodded in the affirmative. 

"Cool. Let's take this out in the pool. You can change in here. I'll be upstairs."

I quickly changed and joined him in the kitchen. He got two glasses of water and handed me one. I gulped down half of it. He took it and gave me a refill laughing while he did. 

I followed him outside down to the pool deck. He sat down on the edge with his feet in the water and I joined him.

I sparked the blunt and we smoked and chatted, getting to know each other a bit.

He was eighteen and spending his last summer at home before college. He didn't know many people in the area his age as he had only moved a year ago and he took mostly advanced courses up at the local community college. 

"So I pretty much hang around here by myself," he said as he put the blunt out. 

"Well, there are certainly worse places to hang. This place is a great hideaway," I offered.

"Yeah, but there aren't any chicks around and I'm real horny."

The directness of this observation took me off guard, but I had to agree with it.

"Yeah I know what you mean. I don't know that many girls around town anymore either."

We were both chest deep in the water. I dunked my head under really fast and instantly felt much better.

We swam around for a few minutes and Mason lifted himself back to a seated position on the deck. 

For some reason, I started to focus on the fact I was wearing Mason's swimsuit. For some reason it excited me. 

"You know, you seem pretty chill otherwise I wouldn't mention this..." 

He broke my train of thought and with it the silence that had settled over the pool.

"What?"

"Well, we could help each other out. I mean, we've both got needs that aren't being met."

It took me a second to process before I realized what he meant.

"Wait, really?"

"Don't be offended. We're both good-looking dudes with raging boners that won't go away. I'm sure we could take care of that. No one's around. The neighbors are out of town and my parents work until late."

I thought for a moment. I'm not gay and never have been. I've never even messed around with a guy but in that moment in that pool, I was suddenly somewhat open to the idea. 

There was no way anyone would suspect we even knew each other let alone had sex.

"How would we...I mean to start..."

Mason smiled and lifted himself high enough in the air to remove his shorts. I was about five feet away and his cock was now totally exposed and right at the level of my face. 

"Why don't you start by sucking my cock?"

He said it so casually, like it wasn't remotely a big deal. It was reassuring, though my brain was still completely at odds with what I was about to do. 

I eased over to Mason and looked at his cock up close. He'd been stroking it to full attention and it now stood a very proud 8 inches. I reached out tentatively and grabbed on to the base.

I stroked it myself a few times and he moaned slightly.

I leaned forward and put the head in my mouth and attempting to no avail to adjust to the to the sizable member. I choked and pulled back. 

Mason didn't force me. He allowed me do things at my own pace knowing full well he was about to get a blowjob. Why rush it? 

I started to bob up and down with more force and confidence. I licked the underside of his head and worked the slit hard. I imagined I would really enjoy this blowjob on the other end. 

I also started to realize that I was enjoying it from this end. I worked up and down Mason's dick with my left hand while my right worked over his balls.

Loud, obscene slurping was the only sound in the room. A thin mixture of saliva and precum was leaking around the cock and out of my mouth lubing the process. My mouth, nose and chin were completely covered.

My cock was rock hard and aching to be touched, but I didn't have a free hand. My left continued blazing a trail on Mason's cock while my right hand now pulled his ass closer to me. 

I bobbed diligently up and down on the sloppy cock much to the delight of Mason.

His breathing quickened slightly and I gave even more effort, eager to meet the challenge of getting Mason off. 

He didn't last much longer. Suddenly he pulled back slightly and started shooting into my mouth. 

Blast after blast of cum roped into my waiting mouth. He pulled free and shot two more times onto my face. I didn't know what to do so I just held his load in my mouth stunned.

I swirled it around with my tongue getting a good sample of the flavor. 

"Better to swallow it. Wouldn't want it messing up the pool filter or something."

He smiled. I returned a devious grin as I made a lewd show of proving I still had his cum. I stuck my tongue up in the air and let the cum run down it back into my mouth. He watched transfixed until I finally sucked down his potent load and slurped the cum off of my face.

"That was great! You really give awesome head."

"Thanks," I blushed slightly at the strange compliment.

"Let's go inside and relax," he said.

I splashed some water on my face and pulled myself out of the pool. Mason tossed me a towel and I followed him in.