 It was Saturday and my mom had been badgering me about getting a haircut for several days, so since I wasn't doing anything in the afternoon, I dropped into the neighborhood barbershop around 3 pm. It was pretty busy and I had to wait, but pretty soon it was my turn. Fortunately, I got my favorite barber, Chet. The shop had 3 barbers, but the other 2 were in their 50s and Chet was in his early 30s and seemed to identify with us teens better.

"OK," Chet said, "it's your turn, Scotty."

I got up out of my chair and walked on over.

"You're looking really good, Scotty - slim and sexy." He smiled and winked. Chet always made me feel good about myself.

"Aw, come on, Chet. I'm nothing special. It looks like you're pretty busy today." (There were 4 other guys waiting still.)

"Yeah, we are pretty busy - but don't worry, I'll take my time with you. And yes, you are something 'special' - if only you could really see yourself," he grinned. "What are you, 18 now?" I nodded. "I bet half the girls and probably even some guys at your school drool over you."

I was embarrassed by this attention and sat down quickly to hide it.

He draped an apron over me and turned me to face the mirror. He ran his hands through my hair and then began rubbing my shoulders.. "You have such nice hair, Scotty - smooth and silky - and the sun has really done you some favors, bleaching it some so it's a sandy brown that goes great with your complexion. So what do you want me to do today?"

"Mostly just a trim, Chet. Cut it shorter on the sides though and shorten the sideburns too. I don't want to look too clean-cut, so leave the back long and just make it even."

Chet picked up his scissors and began snipping away. He was working really close to the chair and he frequently brushed against my arms as he worked. I've always enjoyed going to a barber because I like the body contact and the feel of another guy touching me, so I didn't move away from his touches and in fact often pressed back against them.

As Chet worked with the scissors with his right hand, he laid his left hand on my thigh which immediately gave me a boner. I get boners all the time, so this wasn't anything new and it did feel good, especially when he gave my leg a squeeze every couple minutes.

I looked around to see if anyone was noticing, but no one was paying any attention to us. I guess Chet had looked around too and he had also noticed that I hadn't objected. He took his hand away to get his clippers and then put it back, but this time his hand went under the apron and right on top of my crotch. 

I looked up at him and he smiled at me and then winked and continued on working on my hair. But his left hand wasn't working on my hair, but instead had unbuttoned my jeans and pulled down the zipper.

I was so surprised, but still, I went "uhhhhh?" - like did he know what he was doing? I moaned softly as his fingers went into my briefs and pulled out my hard cock. They fondled the head for a few seconds, but then he removed his hand and went over to the counter and put some oil on both hands and came back and began putting it in my hair. But again his left hand went back under the apron to my hard-on and began stroking me with his oiled hand. 

It felt so good and I hadn't cum since yesterday, so I was really hard.

After a minute or two, the barber next to us asked if I was OK - he seemed to think I was breathing funny - and I WAS. Chet stopped stroking me for a minute and assured the other guy I was fine - he said I just had a slight touch of asthma and would be okay in a few minutes.

I had started breathing normally again and tried to make my breathing more normal as he continued stroking my hard dick.

Every few minutes, Chet would withdraw his hand and look around to see if anyone was paying any attention to us. Then he would return to jacking me. Several times I got really close, but each time he would remove his hand and look around. I was tempted to finish myself off, but I liked the feel of him stroking me so much that I waited. He must have done this about 5 times!

Finally, the last time he started jacking me, the feeling just got too strong and my cock started shooting - I shot about 10 times into his hand and onto my stomach. It was a fucking MESS!! Chet pulled his hand out from under the apron and got a couple of damp washcloths, giving one to me to clean up with and using the other to clean his hands.

I must have grunted or something when I came, 'cause the other barber turned around again. "You're sure that boy's alright, Chet? He's looking sorta pale."

Chet asked me, "You doing OK, Scotty?" 

I nodded yes and he told the other barber, "He says he's OK."

He then finished my haircut like nothing had happened. As he lifted off the apron to put it in the clothes hamper for cleaning, he leaned over and whispered, "Try to come back in about 3 weeks - and wear shorts. I'll might have a real surprise for you." 

I didn't know what to think or say, but just nodded, paid, thanked him and left.

I was very curious about what the 'real surprise' was, but I was sure I'd be back again. And I did know that I had just had the best orgasm ever!

*****

If you liked this story, please write to me at the link in my author profile. Thanks!