 Carol and I spent a lot of time with Tom and Tina over the next few weeks. We went out together and slept together. Almost every waking minute of the day, we were together. Today was going to be like any other day in that we would spent some time relaxing and then would end up in bed with each other. This did not turn out to be an ordinary day though. 

Sitting at the pool, the four of us chatted about anything and everything before the topic turned to sex. Since we had fucked each other so often over the past few weeks, it was natural and very frank, the discussion.

"I love watching Carol's cunt lips open and close around your cock," Tina said. "It seems to be pulling your cock deeper and deeper and it holds the cock in place as it slides in and out easily."

"Your cunt lips look so sexy when one of their cocks is pounding in and out of you," Carol said quickly. "I looks like a vice, holding the cock in place and letting it thrust in and out."

"Now girls," Tom interrupted. "Look what you're doing to Ron and I," as he motioned to our hardening cocks, straining against our suits. "Its not fair that you girls can talk about sex and don't really show how you feel but us guys have a hard time keeping our excitement in tact."

The two women laughed and Carol moved over to Tom, reaching out and squeezing his cock through his suit. 

"I see what you mean," she said with a grin. "I think us girls had better make you two feel better."

The two girls got up and wiggled their asses at us and invited us home for a little screwing. Both Tom and I jumped up and followed the women back to Tom's place, happily watching the swaying asses of the two women as they walked in front of us. 

After the first session of fucking was through, we all relaxed. 

"You know," Tina started. "We've all fucked each other but the only thing we haven't done is have the men fuck each other."

"You're right," Carol spoke up. "I think its about time the men found out what it is like to have a hard cock up their ass and feel it's come spurt up inside them."

"Yeah, come on boys," Tina yelled. "Let's see some man to man fucking."

Tom and I looked at each other and then back at the women. We both were sporting hard cocks and the women were encouraging us to fuck.

"Oh, what the hell," Tom said. "Do you want me to fuck you first or do you want to fuck me?"

"I don't know but I think the women are right. It is time we felt a hard cock up our asses," I said.

Tom moved over close to me and turned around, wiggling his ass in front of me. I didn't waste any time in getting between his legs. His cock and balls were hanging down between his legs and he raised his ass hole further up into the air, offering me more access. I moved up and rimmed his ass a little before I pointed my hard cock at his hole.

"Let me know if I hurt you too much," I told Tom.

"Go ahead," he half groaned. "Fuck me with that hard cock and make me come."

I pushed the head of my cock against his hole and felt it start too enter his ass. I had to push really hard to get it in but after some grunting and some yelling from Tom, I managed to get the head inside him. I stopped and held myself still, waiting for him to tell me to go ahead. He had his head down in the pillows and was groaning a little.

"Push it further in," he moaned. "Push it all the way in."

I slowly pushed my cock inside him, feeling the walls of his canal rubbing against my cock as I did. I pushed until I was completely inside him, my balls resting against his ass.

"Oh, that feels good," he said. "Now, fuck me."

I slowly started to thrust in and out of him, pulling my cock almost completely out of him and then thrusting it fully back inside until my balls slapped against his ass.

"Oh yeah," he screamed. "Fuck me hard, you stud."

I could hear the girls telling me to fuck him and I felt two hands on my ass cheeks, helping me thrust in and out of Tom.

"Come on baby," one of the women said. "Fuck him harder and come in his ass."

He was so tight that it didn't take long for my cock to start to spurt deep inside him, sending wave after wave of come up his canal. I finally finished after exploding inside Tom and held myself against his ass before slowly pulling my cock out of him.

"Wow, that felt great," he said as he turned over to face me. "If I had known that being fucked felt so good, I would have done it a long time ago."

We sat and grinned at each other for a few minutes and then Tina spoke up.

"Come on Ron, now it's your turn. Assume the position."

I moved into the middle of the bed and got on my hands and knees, pointing my ass up in the air. I cradled my head in the pillows and waited for the onslaught that was coming. I wasn't sure I could do it but I wanted to feel what it was like to be fucked.

As I availed myself to the three of them, I felt a tongue licking and sucking on my hole. A hand wrapped itself around my cock and started to rub it, making me hard in anticipation. I had never had my ass licked before and the sensation was erotic. After a few minutes, the tongue was replaced by a hard cock. I felt the pressure of it as it tried to enter my ass. Suddenly a seering pain shot through my abdomen. The head of the cock had entered me and it hurt like hell. I groaned into the pillows and tried to ride it out. After a minute or so, the pain subsided and I wanted more of it inside me.

"Push it in," I said into the pillow. "Push it all the way in."

As the hard cock slowly pushed it's way up inside me, I realized that it was not a real cock but the strap-on that the women used. It was hard and rough, the ripples on it rubbed against the walls of my canal as it pushed up inside me. Finally, it was all the way in and stopped. I still felt a little pain but nothing like the first jolt I felt when the monster invaded me. I waited for a minute to let the pain completely subside. The pressure inside my gut was almost overwhelming but I wanted to feel the cock fucking me.

"Ok, fuck me now," I said into the pillows. "Be gentle and do it slowly."

I felt the hard cock withdrawing down my canal and then being shoved fully back up inside me. Whoever was fucking me was going slow but I knew that soon, they would be pounding in and out of me as hard as they could. Once I really got used to the cock inside me, I pushed back against it as it was thrust up into me. I could hear the squishing noise as it pumped in and out.

"Oh yes, fuck me."

As the cock started to thrust harder and faster, I could feel the strap on it rubbing against my cheeks every time it fully entered me.

"Fuck me harder," I yelled.

I felt whoever was fucking me get up and straddle my ass, pounding the hard cock up and down into me from above. I could hear the heavy breathing and felt the sweat dripping on my back as whoever was above me, fucked me for all they were worth. I could faintly hear the others encouraging us and with all the noise and the feeling of the cock, it didn't take long for me to come, spurting all over the bed under me. I didn't want to know who was fucking me until they were finished and soon after I came, they stopped pounding me and pulled the fake cock out of me. I slowly slumped down on the bed and rolled over. Carol was sitting with the strap-on sticking out from her groin and was grinning at me as she fell back on her hands. She was completely soaked with sweat and was breathing heavily.

After a few minutes of rest, Tom spoke up.

"Well bud, how did it feel?"

All I could do is grin and I winked at him.

"That good huh."

"Now you both know what its like to have a cock inside your ass and after watching both of you get fucked, I think us girls need some time together too," Tina said.

She slowly removed the strap-on from Carol's sweaty waist and put it on herself. She then gently pushed Carol down on her back and mounted her, thrusting the hard, fake cock fully inside her in one thrust. She didn't waste any time in starting to fuck her and was pounding the dildo in and out of her as fast as she could.

"Oh, god that feels good," Carol yelled. "Fuck me Tina. Fuck me hard."

Tom and I watched the two women go at each other until they were breathing so heavily and sweating so profusely, that they had to stop. Tina pulled the dildo out of Carol as Carol cried out in orgasm. They both were spent and needed to rest.

By now, Tom and I were hard again and I wanted to feel his cock inside me. I rolled over to him and turned around. I pointed my ass at him and wiggled it a little, inviting him to fuck me.

"Oh no you don't bud," he said. "I want to watch your face as I fuck you so turn over and spread your legs."

I rolled over on my back and spread my legs as far apart as I could, raising them up so my ass was at his cock level. Without hesitation, he thrust into me in one thrust of his hips, slapping my ass with his balls as he did. He started to pump in and out of me.

"Oh yeah Tom," I yelled at him. "Your cock feels so good inside me. Fuck me stud."

I groaned every time his balls slapped my ass and finally he grunted.

"I'm coming Ron," he yelled at me. "I'm going to fill your ass with my hot come.'

"Come on stud, fill me up with your come."

He grunted loudly and I felt his cock spurt inside me, wad after wad of come, spurting up my canal. It was hot and I felt it trickling down my legs as he slowly pulled his cock out of me. He was breathing heavily as he rolled away from me and I lowered my legs. Now I knew what it was like to be fucked. I could still feel the come running down my legs and the heat from it inside me.

"Wow, that was great," I grinned at Tom. "You can fuck me anytime you want."

He grinned back at me and I knew that from now on, there would be some extra fucking going on between the four of us. That night, my ass was a bit sore but I had enjoyed the feeling of a hard cock up inside me that I didn't let the soreness bother me. I knew I would feel Tom's cock inside me again and soon but I also wanted the dildo fucking me too.

The next few months were spent fucking each other regularly. I even fucked Tom in the shower room. The four of us are now, completely bisexual and enjoy fucking and being fucked. We try new positions all the time and Tom and I have even talked about maybe getting others in the complex involved. Maybe we will or maybe we won't.