 When I lived in the midwest in the mid-90's, I was alone for 6 months after I accepted a new job, and my wife elected to remain on the west coast and follow me when her employment contract was up. During this period of forced bachelorhood I masturbated every evening to hard core porn videos. I became quite turned on and infatuated with facial cumshots, ie. guys spurting big loads on girl's tongues, mouths and faces. On many occasions I would jack off in front of a full-length mirror at the foot of the bed, and just as orgasm approached I would scoot my legs up on the headboard to position my erect cock to ejaculate directly into my mouth and face. At first I shot all over my face, forehead, chin, etc....but eventually I became a better shot, and managed to direct most of my cum into my mouth, so I could enjoy the warm, soapy taste and consistency of my own semen on my tongue before swallowing it. It quickly became an acquired taste. 

Prior to this period in my life, I rarely sucked cock and had never taken a guy's cum load in my mouth....and then I only sucked off a very few good friends. Most guys I encountered sucked me off, for the most part. However, as my solitary masturbation orgies grew more intense, some lasting for hours, I found that my desire to perform fellatio and have cum spurted in my mouth and face increased. I think I wanted to emulate the girls on the screen. Unfortunately, being new in town, I had no friends or sex partners with which to act this out. 

Then one day...a light went on. I thought I might have found a solution to my dilemma. I had just contracted with a decorator to have window coverings installed throughout the downstairs of our condo. After I met Corey, (he was in his 50's) I had the sense that he might be a little light in his loafers, and a very likely candidate to approach.....but how to do it? After we concluded our deal, he called for an appointment for installation. I happened to be going out of town the day we selected, so I decided to set an interesting "trap" to see if I could tell him what I had in mind. I arranged a number of tell-tale indicators around the condo that only he would pick up on if he were indeed gay and so inclined. I left a bottle of JO lube on the bedstand, cum-stained underpants/kleenex on the bathroom floor and more in the hamper and wastebasket, a hot gay video in the VCR key'd to a great cumshot (turned on with the counter at zero), a greased dildo in a half-opened drawer, and finally - I laid a very graphic gay magazine on the floor peeking out from beneath the bed.....in which I slipped a note that read something like, "If you're reading this, then you might be interested in getting together sometime to play. If so, please jot your thoughts on the reverse side and I'll call you to when I return to pursue this". I remembered exactly where everything was, so if anything was moved I would know. 

(I'll bet you're dying to know how this turned out) 

I returned home 2 days later to absolutely gorgeous Plantation shutters, but that wasn't what I was excited about. Sure enough, everything had been checked out and moved, and the video had been played. My carefully arranged cum-stained underpants had been moved, and were even damp with a new crust in them. But most importantly, the note had been answered on the flip side asking that I call ASAP. Apparently, Corey had brought his very young live-in partner, Kevin (who was in his 20's), to help install the shutters and the two of them had a grand time in my bed fucking and sucking to my video, etc (as they told me later), then drafting a reply to my note together. Needless to say, all of this gave me an immediate hardon, and I was on the phone even before I unpacked. I got Corey on the 2nd ring, and we immediately launched into a fabulous conversation of how we both had wanted to connect, but neither of us had had had the nerve to ask the question. They were as excited as I was, and couldn['t believe it when they discovered my note. He admitted jacking off and shooting into my underpants over my initial cumstain - so did Kevin. I masturbated the whole time I was talking to him, and told him so. He was also. 

The three of us went out for a night on the town the following evening, where we enjoyed a gourmet dinner, after which they gave me the grand tour of all of the gay hotspots in town. I would have not known where any of these spots were otherwise. We concluded our whilrwind evening after midnight, upstairs in their master bedroom (which was quite elegant, as one would expect of a successful decorator). I stripped down to my underpants with a big erection poking straight up, and leaned on the footboard while they sat facing me naked, both sporting their own hardons. 

My decorator friend broke the ice and crawled over to me, slowly removed my briefs, placed my underpants over my face, and introduced my to the use of poppers for the first time....which he held up to each of my nostrils as I sniffed thru the cotton. I got an immediate rush, and I was on fire at that point with sexual desire. Then Corey bent forward and took my penis in his mouth. Kevin, the young stud (and he was that), straddled me and I played with his rock-hard 8-9" cock. Then I couldn't stand it any longer, and I leaned forward and wrapped my lips around that gorgeous penis of his, and he started to slowly mouthfuck me, as Corey sucked me off down below. I had never been so sexually euphoric. After a few wonderful minutes of this long-awaited fellatio, Kevin warned me that he was about to cum. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and started jacking it off just above my outstretched tongue. I was more than ready and anxious to experience my first cumload. He arched and groaned, and ejaculated. His first spurt hit me right in the eye....then my nose, then my chin, and finally onto my outstretched tongue. God, what a load this kid shot. My face looked like a glazed donut, and I couldn't see a damn thing out of my right eye. 

Then I came myself in Corey's mouth, but that seemed secondary compared to the facial I'd just received from Kevin. It was really intense...made moreso by my new discovery, Corey's bottle of "Rush" poppers! After cleaning up we relaxed for awhile with a most welcome glass of wine. Corey lit a fire in his fireplace. It was a delightful afterglow. Then we went at it again about 30 minutes later. I sniffed poppers, thru Kevin's underpants this time, and I turned into a ferocious cocksucker - on a mission. One-at-a-time, I knelt down and sucked both of them off, and took both of their spurting loads in my mouth...Corey finished my blow job by then jacking off as he stood over me so he could watch his cum spurt onto my tongue, which he said he liked seeing. I accomodated him with an outstretched tongue, then swallowed it down. 

Then I moved over to Kevin, who had been masturbating as he watched, and bobbed up and down on his huge erect penis. Surprisingly, when he came, his spurts were almost as strong as the first time. Ah, to be twenty again. He shot 3 loads in my mouth and on my face that night. The last time he moved his penis around my entire face as he was ejaculating. I was a mess.....and loved it! I'll never forget that evening. It fulfilled every fantasy I'd built up those many months jacking myself off in my own bed. 

We had many more similar episodes just like that one before I moved back west, and it was a defining new chapter in my sexual development that turned me into a devoted cocksucker and cum hound. Once you're hooked there ain't no going back!