 Jamie Flint*

"Why... the fuck did you even keep going back to him? I mean... I mean... the guys a proper shithead!"

I couldn't help but laugh. He was spot on. Good ole Kyle was always a straight shooter.

"He had his good qualities."

He scoffed, "Like what?"

I thought over that one.

"He had an ass you could bounce a nickel off of."

Kyle nearly fell off the couch, howling the whole time.

"Seriously man, when you're on your back and he's riding you facing the other way, and you're just watching your dick go into this haven of muscle..." I moaned, a little too caught up in my memories.

"Calm down cowboy. You know, I didn't even know you were gay till he showed up." His face contorted in a way like a puppy who'd been chastised.

"I don't exactly advertise it."

He seemed satisfied with that.

"You know, back when we first started, he was actually really sweet, innocent even." He scoffed again.

"I'm serious. He always made me feel special. Like someone actually needed me... cared for me even. I don't know at what point he changed... I must've been looking somewhere else at the time."

"It's not your fau—" He hiccupped. "Fault." He finished with a grin.

"Who knows. Whenever he came back, I always got to pretend, for a month or so, that things were like they were, you know, man?" I waved my glass in his direction. "I didn't even get that this time. It was shit the whole time."

"Alex told me how ya'll met." He blurted out.

"Figured. I can remember that day like it was yesterday. Gavin was cornered by these wanna be Billy bad asses. He was genuinely scared. All I could think was these guys are up to something, and the something is pretty cute." I laughed before taking a long pull on my glass, emptying it. Kyle immediately filled it up again. Good man.

"So I's walks up to the guys, right? And I says to them, I says, 'ya'll got a problem?' of course they said they were just having a little fun with the local fag. Bobby!" I suddenly remembered his name. "It was Bobby Landon... or Lambert... it doesn't matter. His dumb ass was the one that said that. I hit him as hard as I could. The rest of the fight, it was three on one cause Bobby was too busy rolling around on the ground holding his nose." I held my nose and yelled, "My nose! My fucking NOSE!!" I rolled around on the couch, my head in Kyle's lap.

We stayed like that laughing. He started to run his hands through my hair, sifting through it. He always said it looked like a wide, long Mohawk.

"Alex said one of them was the principal's son."

"Yeah, he was. The Dill Pickle, as I called him, was Mr. Turner's second son. Right prick."

"Why'd you call him the Dill Pickle?" He looked cute when his eyebrows drew together. Who am I kidding? He's always cute.

"Despite some character flaws, Dylan is hung like a fucking horse."

We both broke up laughing.

"Really?"

I held my hands about ten inches apart, then held my hand in a circle which I left open. I couldn't get my hand around it, and I've got big hands. Nothing like P.E. showers to help a young lad compare his worth.

"You seem real familiar with him." He looked down at me questionably.

"I've only seen it in the showers. Gavin on the other hand..."

"Really?" his eyebrows shot up.

"Blew him in the summer before this little punch up happened. You know what they say, the worst homophobes are often homos themselves. I should really look him up on Facebook, see if he ever came out." The giggles started at that.

"You're wrong." He slurred after our giggle fit had ceased.

"About what?" I was confused. I hadn't said anything he would know about.

"About people caring for you." He was looking me right in the eyes, though his were glassy. "People here care for you. You don't need his ass."

"I meant in a romantic sense you drunky." I poked the end of his nose. "Both of my friends are straight. The one guy who flirts with me was even straight." We'd already talked about the restaurant fiasco and Nathan.

"Who's your other friend?" His brows scrunched together again.

"You and Alex." I said simply. He was drunker than I thought.

"You said you have two straight friends though. Who's the other?"

Now I was confused.

"You. And. Alex." I said slowly.

"But I'm not straight." He said, again sounding as confused as I was.

"But... but... you have to be!"

"Why?"

"How did I not know this!?"

"Calm down. I didn't know about you either."

He seemed so chill. I was freaking. It was as if suddenly, someone had told you it was okay to unwrap your Christmas present, but you weren't really sure if it was okay. So many thoughts crossed my tipsy brain, trying to see what I had missed before.

I felt the urge and went with it. My hand shot up to the back of his head. He eyes widened as I pulled him down, while I reached my head up to meet his lips as soft as I could while drunk and excited.

"Mhhmmm!" he mumbled, which turned into a groan shortly thereafter.

We kept at it for the longest time, him hunched over top of me, before I sat up to straddle him. This proved a little awkward with our height differences. Made it work though. His hands were planted on my hips as our mouths dueled, his tongue flicking mine. He tasted like man and strawberries. I couldn't get enough. I wanted, needed, more.

My tie had long been loose, so I just ripped it off and threw it behind me. Before I could start on the buttons of my shirt, his hands were there.

"You look so hot in a suit." He said when we broke apart. His hands went to my ass once the shirt was off. "Your ass is so fucking hot in these pants."

"Really?" I said. "Gavin hated them."

He nipped my bottom lip.

"He's a fucking moron." He was nibbling his way along my neck to my ear, stopping to whisper in my ear before nibbling on the lobe. "Don't mention him anymore tonight. You're mine now. Right?"

"Oh fuck yes!"

This dominant streak Kyle had going was really turning me on. For all the spitfire Gavin was in public, he always wanted me to take charge behind closed doors. I'd only ever bottomed twice for Gavin. I loved it, but he was too gentle and slow for my liking. He wanted me to fuck him into the mattress, yet wouldn't do the same for me.

He pushed me up till I was on my knees in front of him. His hands undid my belt with speed unbecoming of someone drunk. The zipper didn't have time to sound ominous. My pants dropped enough him to fish my dick out the fly of my purple boxer briefs. Before I could say anything, his lips wrapped around my tip.

His tongue flicked over my slit five or six times before he bobbed down about halfway and came back up. Trailing kisses, he went up and down the sides of my shaft before taking me in again for another few bobs. It was the most pleasurable, torturous foreplay I'd ever experienced.

"Babe..."

He came off me with a slurping sound.

"I like that. 'Babe.'" He giggled, then went back down on me.

"Oh fuck, I can't take this. I'm going have a heart attack."

"So long as this stays hard, I'm good." He emphasized 'this' with a couple strokes of his hand.

"You are that...Oh fuck yeahhh..."

He took me to the back of his throat and swallowed around the head. I almost shot, but he pulled off.

"Baby...Please..." I panted as I begged.

"Nope. We aint done yet."

He made me stand up, where I kicked off my pants. My shoes had come off when we'd gotten home. One less obstacle as far as I was concerned. He grabbed my hand, pulling me towards the bedroom. My dick flopped back and forth through my fly, bouncing off each thigh, like a dog wagging its tail.

He began stripping the second we crossed the door frame. I stood watching till he was through. When he was naked, I picked him up, setting him up on the mattress. My bed's tall, the top of the mattress about three and a half feet off the ground.

I bent over to do what I'd wanted to do since I'd met him. I felt like a man who won the lotto with a losing ticket. Just wanted to take the money and run before they stopped me. I was going to have him before this dream ended.

There's nothing like the salty taste of a man's essence or the smell coming from his balls. I'm seriously addicted to both. Kyle moaned as I went up and down his length. Maybe about six and a half inches. A little longer than me, though slightly skinnier. We weren't porn stars. God, he tasted good. I was really getting in to it as I sucked on each of his balls. He pulled me up and kissed me just as it was getting good.

"God I love that..."

"Then let me finish." I teased him with a few strokes.

"I'd love to." I started to move down again. He stopped me, pulling me to him again, his lips going to my ear lobe. "I want more than a blowjob Jamie."

"God I need you to fuck me." I groaned.

He pulled back to look me in the eye, his eyebrows in his hairline again.

"Really?"

"Fuck yes." I kissed him while pulling my purple undies off.

"I just assumed it'd be the other way around."

"Maybe another time. This time, I really want to feel you in me."

His eyes shut and he moaned.

"If you talk like that much more, this'll be over before it starts."

"Wouldn't want that, would we?" I kissed him again before walking to the nightstand to retrieve the condoms and lube.

"I should've looked in there before. Would've saved me some trouble." He had looked over my shoulder and seen my vibrator. It wasn't much, just four and a half inches and modestly thick.

"Maybe one day you can use it on me. If we tried that tonight I wouldn't last five minutes. As it is, I probably won't."

"You don't have to tell me."

I hopped up on the bed, the lube and condoms lying atop my pillow. We kissed some more before I turned to get on all fours.

I saw his hand trail up to grab the sundries while his teeth played with my ear. The man had found my weakness, among many.

The lube was cold when I first felt his finger. It warmed up soon enough as the first finger slipped in easy. It hadn't been that long since I'd last used my little purple friend. Yes, at least half of everything I own I purple.

"Another!"

He quickly obeyed, his fingers begging a scissoring motion. There was little to no pain. I've always heard people talk about the pain involved in bottoming. I'd never really felt it. For me, it was always just a slight burning at most. I have a high pain tolerance, so maybe that's it. I didn't care at the moment, deciding just to be thankful for it.

The prostate is proof that there is a god, and that he loves us. When he touched that, I almost shot off the bed.

"Fuck me!"

"But—"

"Now dammit!"

"Up to you babe."

I felt the head of his dick line up and braced myself, not for pain, but for pleasure. I didn't want to shoot all over the bed on the first thrust. The burn was there, as expected, but the sensation of being filled up quickly overshadowed it. He started slow, allowing me to adjust.

I reached back, grabbed his hip, and pulled him flush against me.

"Oh fuck!" He shouted.

"Hell yes..." I moaned.

He pulled out to the tip, then slowly drove back in. this went on for a minute before I was ready for something more.

"Baby, please... fuck me."

"You want it?" He asked.

"Yes."

"What do you want?

"I want you to fuck me!"

"How?" He said pulling out.

"God dammit Kyle, I want you to fuck me into this damn matter—" I was cut off by a silent moan as he suddenly slammed it home.

Thrust after thrust, he pounded into me just right. One arm went under me to my chest. He pulled my back up flush with chest, his teeth finding my ear again. My back arched, bowing out away from him, as he continued to pound in and out of my ass. His dick was nailing my prostate on every drive. I could my own leaking onto the covers.

"You going to come for me baby?" he asked.

"Oh fuck..." I moaned.

"You want me to come while your ass squeezes around me when you shoot all over this bed?"

"OH FUCK! Fill me up babe!" How I despised that condom, though I knew it was the safe way to go.

A few more thrusts and I could feel him start to spasm inside.

"Come for me Jamie."

I shot a gallon of cum all over my wolf blanket. Laundry could wait though. Right now, I was enjoying the fading sensations as he pulled out. I vaguely noticed him put the condom in the trash, the extras in the drawer along with the lube. I raised up enough for him to take the blanket to the laundry room. I felt so good. Words can never come close.

"You going to sleep on me?" he said from the doorway. He looked so sexy standing there, a sheen of sweat over his chest, half hard dick between his thighs.

"Why don't you join me?"

"I can do that."

He climbed in beside me. I wrapped around his back, pulling his ass up to my crotch.

"Be my boyfriend?" I asked while I played with his hair, watching where the cyan gave way to blonde. The color matched his eyes pretty well.

"I thought you'd never ask." I snickered.

"That was corny."

"I'm still wishing I'd opened that nightstand months ago. I could've had this," He reached back to place a hand on my ass. "A long time ago."

"Is that a yes?"

"It's not a no."

"Kyle!" I bit his ear a little harder than what could still be called a loving manner."

"Shit, I didn't know you were into the pain scene."

"You still moaned."

"Yes I did... I moan for just about everything my boyfriend does to me."

"I like it when you smile like that."

"Good, cause it's just for you."

I breathed in his scent till the world faded away.