 I am continuing this long dormant story of male discovery by request. 

Saturday morning I woke up early. The anticipation and resulting anxiety of that night's date had invaded my usual easy slumber. I sat on the edge of my bed trying to decide what to do. Greg was in his own bed snoring away. As had become our habit he was sleeping in the nude. Since the warm night had caused him to kick off the covers I had a nice view of his sexy body. He was on his side in a semi-fetal position with his back to me. As always his hot sexy ass drew my attention. I recalled the days when I had tried to sneak looks at my lover's body as I drank in the sight that was then mine for the asking. Of course my thoughts turned to sex. I even considered crawling into bed with him and snuggling up. I didn't want to wake him for sex but I knew that having his flesh next to mine and letting my semi-erect cock nestle in his ass crack would feel good. 

I got up walked over and looked down at him. He seemed so at peace I decided it would be wrong to disturb him. I reached out and touched his shoulder lightly to satisfy my need to touch my lover. He murmured softly and rolled toward me without opening his eyes. I was sure he was still sound asleep as I stood there looking down. His soft cock called to me but I resisted its siren cry. Instead I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around my waist. I stepped into the stillness of the hall and headed for the shower room. I was surprised to find another guy already up and showering. It was our neighbor Jeff Gross. He and I had shared a class and spent some time studying together. Though he never said anything I often wondered if he had ever heard Greg and me fucking through our shared wall. Since he was covered in lather from head to toe and had his eyes closed he did not see me enter. The sound of the water beating against the tiles kept him from hearing me as I took the far shower head leaving one place between us. The situation allowed me a few seconds to admire his body unnoticed. 

Though not nearly as athletic or well defined as Greg the tall redhead was still very attractive. His full rounded ass looked like a couple of soft pillows and the slight love handles held an odd intrigue for me. In our previous encounters it had only been his cute impish grin and stunning emerald eyes that I had noticed. His body and its soft red fur coat added to the appeal. The long thin pale cock hanging from a thick red bush between his legs aroused my curiosity. He was probably the hairiest guy I had seen naked to that point. There was so much hair around his dick that his balls were nearly obscured from my view. I was nearly caught ogling him when he suddenly rinsed his face and opened his eyes. 

I turned my own face into the flowing stream of hot water as he greeted me, "Hey man, good morning. When did you sneak in?"

"Just been here a few seconds," I lied. 

"Big surprise to see another guy in here on Saturday morning. I thought the rest of you guys were all late sleepers on weekends," Jeff continued.

"Yeah, Greg and I don't usually see daylight until much closer to noon. What the fuck gets you up so early on Saturday?" I asked.

"Guess I have always been kind of a morning guy. But even if I wasn't with the roommate I have I would be. Fucker does a long run every Saturday morning and he has the loudest alarm on the planet. Surprised you can't hear it through the walls."

I briefly wondered if his roommate might be doing more than he was letting on to wake him up. I was pretty sure the comment about hearing the alarm through the walls was a hint that he had heard the activity on our side. I decided to let that thought go however. With my big date coming up that night I figured even if he was into a little fooling around it wasn't a good day to be expanding my horizons. 

"So what the hell is there to do at this hour? I can't hang out in the room. Greg will be snoring for hours yet," I said as I causally soaped up my body.

"I don't know other than catch an early breakfast. I mostly just hang since Danny is out. You're welcome to hang with me."

Again I wondered if maybe I was being given an opening. I decided to try a test. Something I had way too little practice at.

"I don't want to intrude on your alone time. I know how little chance there is to let it all hang out so to speak when you live in such close quarters."

Jeff laughed and then said, "If you are talking about what I think that isn't really a problem since Danny and I aren't shy."

He had turned off his shower as was pretty much just standing there watching me as I rinsed the soap off my body. He had clearly picked up the reference to getting naked. But his answer didn't say as much as it seemed on the surface. I decided to press the issue even though I still didn't want the talk to end with Jeff and me in bed. 

"Well, I am certainly not shy. But there are times when a guy just needs to be alone," I said as I finished rinsing and turned off my water.

He grabbed a couple of towels and handed me one before starting to dry off.

"Fuck, if you are referring to jerking off, I have heard Danny boy spanking the monkey so many times in the dark that I just do it as the need arises." 

I was surprised at the remark. Very few guys admit to jerking off and none had ever talked to me about doing it with another guy in the room other than Greg. I was also pretty sure Jeff was leaving something out. I figured they were at the very least spanking each other's monkeys.

"Oh I guess that makes things easier," I half mumbled not really knowing where to take the conversation as I wrapped a towel around my waist.

"You mean you never fucking jacked off while Greg was in the room? Not even when he was asleep man?" He asked sounding honestly incredulous. 

"No," I was able to answer truthfully.

Of course I didn't add any information about having sex with Greg.

"Shit I think I would go nuts if I suppressed my urges like that. Since he is sound asleep you ought to try it. It is actually fun," Jeff suggested while grinning at me.

"Yeah well he doesn't sleep that soundly. I was worrying about waking him just getting dressed."

"Damn you are a nice guy! I should have you for a roommate," Jeff declared. "If you are really concerned about waking Greg you can come to my room as you are. No need for formalities it is just the two of us."

I surprised myself by accepting his invite. Curiosity had taken over. I already knew that at least one other of our suite mates was into sex with guys. I wondered if the guy-guy thing was more common than I imagined. When we got to his room I stood there feeling a bit awkward. It seemed rude to sit on his roommate's bed in a wet towel. But I didn't feel comfortable with the idea of whipping off the towel and baring all. 

"Fuck man you need to relax. You look as tight as an old maid's virgin cunt,' he joked as he causally dropped his towel and sat on one of the beds. "You said you weren't shy right?"

"Um, no not shy," I agreed and pulled my towel lose.

I sat on the other bed. We began to talk as we sat there opposite each other in our birthday suits. I wondered if I would have found the situation more or less awkward if I still thought that I was straight. I also wondered about Jeff's sexual orientation. He certainly made no overt moves that would suggest he was interested in sex. At the same time he didn't bother to disguise that he was getting a good look at my exposed body. Of course sitting like we were it would have been hard not to seem like we were looking each other over. The way he sat with his legs spread his hairy balls and cock seemed to be on display. I had taken a slightly more modest stance. 

"So what the fuck you got planned for this weekend?" he asked after awhile.

"Greg's got some big plans for us for tonight that he indicates will continue into Sunday."

"Special occasion or just two studs on the prowl?"

"My birthday actually. He has set up a small party; the two of us, his girlfriend and a friend of hers on a double date. He insists I am going to get laid tonight."

"Lucky you. But if it turns out she doesn't give up the pussy; don't forget what I told you. I am sure Greg won't mind if you jerk a load while he is sleeping." 

I couldn't help but comment after he brought up the subject again, "You really are into that sort of thing huh?"

"What sort of thing?"

"Jerking off while another guy is in the room, sleeping or whatever."

"Oh yeah, but it is even better if the other guy is awake and jerking too," He responded with a wicked look on his face.

"Oh I see," I said not expecting the bold admission.

"What you never circle jerked?" 

Truth was I had a couple of times with some of my buddies while we watched one of the guy's father's porn movies. But that had been strictly kid's stuff. We didn't even take our clothes off and we barely looked at each other while we did it. But then there was what Greg and I did as well as the shower incident with Jack and Steve. 

"Come on Adam, I can see it in your eyes man!"

By the way I should probably explain. Greg called me Jerry, my high school nickname. Most everyone else called me Adam which was my real first name. Adam Gerald Petronovich, a huge fucking awkward mouthful if there ever was one. I have always envied people with names like John Smith.

"Yeah well I guess most guys try it."

"Adam, truth time. You and Greg get kind of loud over there some nights and we don't hear any female sounds."

I wanted to run away but chose to go on the offensive.

"Well if you know, what the fuck are we dancing around about? I'm bi, Greg and I are lovers. Happy now?"

"Cool," He said with a big smile. "Although I have fucked a couple of chicks I am pretty sure that I am gay."

Suddenly he poured out his history to me. He had had a secret boyfriend his senior year in high school who broke up with him for a girl first semester of college. After that he had spent a year trying to be straight and that is where the chicks came in. Though they had had sex both relationships were fairly disastrous since his heart wasn't in it. His roommate Danny was straight but bent things a little to get his rocks off. It started with them jerking off together. Things progressed to where Jeff was giving Danny blow jobs but Danny didn't reciprocate other than watching as Jeff jerked off. Some of Danny's running buddies occasionally partook of Jeff's services without reciprocation also. One of them unbeknown to Danny was even fucking Jeff. Other than a few times getting together with Jack and Steve, Jeff was giving without receiving much in return. 

When he finished his story, I sat there stunned not knowing what to say.

"Wow, that kind of sucks, Jeff," Finally came out of my mouth.

"Yeah well, what the fuck can I do? It is a straight guys' world. You just got lucky with Greg."

I wasn't so sure he was entirely right. It certainly was a straight guys' world and things were far less open back then. But I was sure that there were plenty of nice guys out there for Jeff. The question was how to find them. I wished that I could give him what he needed. But there was no way I could offer a relationship and sex at that moment was not appropriate. I did move over next to him and take him in my arms. The friendly hug might have become more except for the untimely return of Jeff's roommate.

"Damn, got yourself a little sissy-boy friend there Jeffy!" Danny exclaimed.

For Jeff's sake I bit my tongue. I couldn't much blame the guy for what he was thinking anyway. He had found us naked locked in an embrace on the bed. He knew his roommate was gay. The logical conclusion was that I was gay too and we were having sex. His use of the term sissy-boy was hardly unusual for the time. As progressive as we thought we were back then, homosexuality had not yet begun to gain any level of acceptability. It wasn't until he opened his mouth again that I became indignant.

"So which one of you faggots is going to suck my dick first?" He asked as he started to strip off his sweaty running shorts.

"Fuck you, asshole! Nobody wants your sweaty cock in their mouth," I yelled, "Come on Jeff. Get dressed and I'll go with you to the housing office. You don't have to live with this gay bashing piece of shit."

Danny looked like he could spit fire as he stood there with his shorts halfway down his legs expecting one of us to drop to his knees. Jeff just looked pitiful. His sparkling emerald eyes were filling with tears.

"I can't. I'm sorry, Adam," He said softly.

"Fuck you can't! This bastard doesn't have the right..."

Danny cut me off, "I think you better get your cock-sucking ass outta of our room, queer-boy. Jeff knows what he wants. He doesn't need you screwing things up!"

I wanted to jump up and beat him until he was bloody. But I somehow knew that would just make things worse for Jeff. I grabbed my towel and headed for the door. I told Jeff that if he changed his mind I would always be there for him. 

When I returned to my room, Greg was still sleeping. I was too upset to be the polite quiet room mate. I knew my new friend Jeff was on his knees slurping on that asshole's foul unwashed cock. I pounded my fist on one of the built in desks as I fought to get the image of that sweet guy obediently sucking that homophobe's dick out of my head. My rampaging woke Greg.

"Huh, what the fuck!" He exclaimed as he sat straight up in his bed.

"I'm sorry, bad morning babe."

"Bad morning? What are you even doing awake? Where you been?" He asked after glancing at the clock to check the time.

I told him the story of my morning; every detail right up to what I imagined was happening at that moment in they next room.

"Fuck, that cunt is a dead man," He said looking around for a pair of shorts.

"No babe. I tried telling Jeff to get out. I don't know why but he didn't want to," I protested.

Greg took me in his arms as tears of frustration began to flow down my cheeks. Being in his arms with him caressing my back helped. But still the experience was devastating. It was my first experience facing such awful hatred. However, had it just been Danny's prejudice and ignorance that I had seen I would have been able to shrug that off. Danny was an insignificant piece of excrement as far as I was concerned. It was Jeff's hopelessness and his feelings that his only hope to have his sexual needs met was to put up with ass wipes like his room mate that truly got to me. Greg led me to the bed and we sat there with him holding me in his arms offering comfort. He let me get it all out. He offered only tender kisses and the warmth of his comforting body. He did not speak until my tears had all been cried.

"Baby, don't worry. We will talk to Jeff together. I am sure we can convince him that he doesn't have to live that way."

"Thanks. He is a really nice guy. I just can't believe he feels stuck with that jerk off."

"What really sucks is that there are a lot of Jeff's in the world babe. Whole shit load of Danny's too and worse."

He went on to tell me about his own run in with a group of gay haters. When he was a senior in high school he had a brief thing with one of the football players. It was basically mutual cock sucking. It was a lot of fun until somehow someone else found out about it. When the football player was confronted he claimed it was started by Greg offering a blow job. For whatever reason the team let the player off with no more than the cold shoulder treatment. Greg recalled the day he was confronted behind the school gym.

"Mutha fuckin faggot! What the hell is your problem. You don't fuckin go aroudn trying to turn straight guys into queers by sucking their dicks," A mountain of man who played linebacker said. 

Five other players stood behind him backing him up and hurling insults of their own. Greg tried to protest as the group berated him while slowly backing him towards the wall. The football players weren't hearing a word he had to say. The first punch landed squarely on Greg's jaw and sent him flying into the brick wall. Greg felt as if all six of the burley athletes were punching him at once. Pain soon gave way to confusion and fear. He imagined dying as the players took turns with the fists while continuing to call him the foulest of names. When he felt his pants and undershorts being yanked off his hips he feared that they were going to rape him as well as beat him. One of the players grabbed Greg and held what appeared to be baseball bat in his face. 

"How about it fag boy, ready for a real good ass fucking?" The attacking player asked so excitedly that spittle flew into Greg's face.

Greg was trembling and tears were flowing down his face. He was almost too panicked to speak and had no idea what answer would save him anyway. 

Another player laughed and declared, "Jesus fucks the queer whimpers like a fucking bitch!"

Greg was forced to his hands and knees. He felt the smooth wood of the bat being rubbed on his behind.

"Oh god,no, please," He finally managed.

The begging hurt almost more than the beating. But he knew that if they tried to shove the bat up his virgin ass he would die. He had no choice.

The one who had been laughing roared, "I guess sissy boy doesn't like big dicks in his fag ass. Come on cock sucker. I am sure you will like it if you give it a try. Hold him good!"

Two of the guys took a firm grip on Greg. He felt his ass cheeks being pulled apart and the butt of the bat pressed against him.

"Please, no!" He wailed.

"Fuck come on guys. That's enough!" Someone behind him said firmly.

"What the hell, you a fag bitch too, Bobby?" Laughing boy asked in a sinister sounding tone.

"No, but even if he is a cock sucking queer, he doesn't deserve that. Fuck you will kill him, Jack!"

The two guys holding Greg backed away. The idea of killing a guy seemed to get to them.

"Fuck all you sissies!" Jack yelled as he pulled the bat away from Greg's ass. "I am going to goddamn kick everyone of your pussy asses at practice! Fuck you know he deserved this for turning Trevor queer."

Then he kicked Greg causing him to fall. He instinctively curled up into the fetal position. 

As the others ran away Jack added, "Ok fag boy, you got lucky. But if you say one fucking word about this to anyone you are going to take every inch of this pole and then I am going to beat you until you wish you are dead."

Greg passed out and was found about an hour later by some of the girls in the pompom squad. He was naked from the waist down, bruised and bleeding. He claimed he never saw who attacked him. His football player sex buddy never even checked on him. He transferred to a school across town to finish his senior year.

I was devastated that the guy I cared so much about had been treated that way by such assholes. I was also terrified that someday the same thing might happen to me. 

"Damn, baby that is fucking scary and god I feel sick that happened to you," I said not knowing how to respond to hearing that story.

"Yeah well it is scary but it is history. I am past it. One thing I know though, I am not going to let Jeff go on getting abused."

"What the fuck can we do? Jeff seems to think he is getting what he deserves." 

"We will just have to educate him, lover. Now think we can forget all this shit for a bit? I got a wild time planned for us tonight."

"Fuck, I am not really in the mood for partying," I said sincerely.

"Come on man. The girls will be really disappointed if we cancel now. Maybe I can improve your mood," He said as he reached for my towel. 

Suddenly I was naked he was on his knees at my feet. He began kissing and licking my balls and still flaccid cock. Even after the day I had there was no way I could resist the look in my lover's incredible blue eyes. He was looking up at me while he licked my cock. The effect of seeing the loving look on his face as he erotically teased my dick with his lips and tongue caused a kind of temporary amnesia. What was happening in the next room was gone from my head. Greg and I were the only two people in the world. My cock quickly grew to full erection. He fondled my balls gently as he took my cock into his mouth.
