 Bryce's left hand was groping against the tile wall, looking for something stable to grab onto as he felt every muscle start to tense up. "I've got to cum. I NEED to cum. FUCK I want to shoot my cum!" His eyes were closed tight. His mouth gaped open in a silent scream of pleasure and ecstasy. But just before he released his seed, Bryce looked down at his cock, his hungry eyes singularly focused on the nearly 8 inches of manhood in his hand. Tunnel vision blurring out all else. Nothing but cock was in his mind. And just as Bryce was about to cum, he pointed his prick at his own face and let loose.

"I need it. I fuckin' need..." Bryce thought as rope after rope of thick cum shot out of his dick and splattered against his face. "Holy shit that's a load!" Bryce's mind reeled from the shock of the first volley, but desire soon took hold as a desperate thirst to taste his own seed. He found himself opening his mouth wide, his tongue out to catch the arc of cum. White hot sperm shot into his mouth, and dribbled down other parts of his cheek, chin, and eyebrow. "Fuck yeah! I shot that shit all over!" As the orgasm subsided, the spurts of cum landed on his chest and rolled down his pecs and settled into the crevasses of his abs. Bryce squeezed out every drop of cum just as he milked the last waves of his orgasm from his dick. But the look of hunger didn't subside. "...So fucking hot..." With both hands, Bryce scooped up the cum all over his body and fed it to himself, licking every finger clean. "Mmm, fuck..." Bryce thought, savoring the taste as he rolled it across his tongue.

The sound of the door startled Bryce, nervously whistling while he quickly cleaned himself up under the shower head. Snatching his towel to covering up, he tucked in his semi and started to the exit when he passed Lee, barely registering the fact it was his roommate. Instead, he furrowed his brow trying to wrap his mind around what just happened in the shower while he made his way back to the dorm, still lost in thought. His mind refused to move on, insisting to wander through the moments that just unfolded. Slowly it began to dawn on him that he just ate his own load, something he never had done before.

Absentmindedly reliving the moment again, Bryce grabbed his half-chub, his gaze unfocused far off down the empty corridor. The image of a cock shooting cum replaying through his mind's eye. As his fingers touched the brushed metal door knob of his room, an image of Lee flashed through the jock's mind. Not any normal image that would have come to Bryce, but rather an image of Lee nude, as seen from below, with a steely-hard cock throbbing above his face. A twitch of his own dick made him snap out of the trance and hurry inside.

