 The evening New England air was getting colder and crisper as the days slowly marched towards the beginning of Fall. The semester was starting soon, and Lee was glad to be going into his senior year at the local university. He sharply took in the air through his nose before letting out a fog off his breath. The weather had been very favorable lately: sunny cerulean skies in the day and dead clear starry skies at night. After a moment appreciating the temperature, Lee left the openness of his parent's back yard behind and trekked into the thin forest that dotted the old neighborhood. The footfall-crunch of newly fallen leaves here and there softly echoed through the wood as Lee followed the small worn path deeper into the forest. He knew the path well, having forged it himself; taking countless short hikes along it in every feasible lighting since his family moved into the house when he was in fifth grade. He even had his first kiss on this trail.

It was summer break many years back. It was the cute blonde boy down the street with those blue eyes and Lee was an unabashed adventurer. Of course, having the coolest bike on the block didn't hurt either — at least in Lee's mind. They were 10, he was nice, and Lee was smitten. It was innocent enough, though, and nothing ever came of it given Lee watched his friend move away that winter.

He brushed the summertime memory from his mind as he approached his destination — his little sanctuary in the woods. That was almost 12 years ago and in the time since, Lee became more introverted and guarded after coming to terms with his own sexuality. Now that he was a young man, he knew very well what he liked and didn't, but didn't see a reason anyone else needed to know. He had had many relationships since. Some were great. Most, terrible. But none were the reason or purpose of his nighttime jaunt, so he put it from his mind entirely.

The full moon cast the shadow of Lee's medium build across the private clearing — a granite formation that long ago pushed aside the trees as if to part a river of foliage for a peak at the sky. His brown hair, cropped short, rustled in the weak breeze that briefly kicked up. Lee surveyed the area with discerning brown eyes, and in nodding approval to himself, knelt at the granite ground.

Long worn into the rock, chalk lines criss-crossed into delicate patterns that reflected the complexities of his surroundings. Lee's rendering, meticulously developed to be in tune with the nature that surrounded the circle, amounted to his sacred place. The place where he gathered his thoughts, his feelings, and his power. Lee removed his shirt, revealing a modest definition of muscle covered by tan skin that reflected the moonlight like bronze. The 22 year-old reached out with his arms, fingers splayed in all directions. Candles flickered aflame and cast amber light that danced with the shadows across the solid rock ground. Thick rivers of hardened wax could now be seen telling of the years of practice that Lee spent out here communing with his great god and goddess, each giving him the strength he sought over, what Lee thought was, a very complicated life. The equinox was coming and the time for celebration would be at hand in a few weeks. It all made Lee happy to have something to celebrate all to himself, but for now he just wanted to clear his mind for the start of the semester.

After an hour, Lee blew out the candles and sighed with a sense of accomplishment. He felt the most relaxed he had been since starting his summer internship at the tech company his father worked. Lee lightly rubbed a shoulder and felt the familiar tingle he got from the air moving across his bare skin. His other hand idly rubbed his crotch as he thought about the sweet piece of ass he worked with. It was one of the IT guys who had quite the set of muscles on him, and the jeans he wore every day left little to the imagination of how tight that round ass would be. More than once Lee had to hold his breath after catching the jock reaching upwards and revealing the telltale 'V' lines that spell nothing shy of an 8-pack under that polo.

Lee got up and kicked off his shoes as he walked towards the far edge of the clearing where a rock slab lay at waist-height. Unbuttoning his jeans, he pushed them down his waist and removed them completely. It was not unusual for Lee to go commando, so his erect cock had immediately slapped his flat stomach the moment it was released from its denim confines. Lee then laid out on the rock, still radiating the day's warmth, with hard-on in hand and his other cradling the back of his head for comfort.

Stroking his thick 8" dick, Lee began to moan towards the night sky as he worked a slurry of precum all over his fat cockhead before beginning to pump into his fist. His taught ass bounced off the rock slab with every thrust into his hand. The breeze kicked up again, licking over his nude body and sending Lee into a full body shiver, erecting his nipples. This had always drove Lee wild — nothing between his skin and the open wilderness, the feeling of the wind rush over his body like hands everywhere at once — and he responded by moaning a deep and guttural, "fuuuuuuuck" into the night air. He picked up the pace, a steady stream of precum lubing his thick cock. He repositioned himself to use both hands, leaning back on his shoulders with both feet planted on the slab. Double-fisted, Lee fucked the air mad with lust. He thought of the IT jock riding his dick and grabbing Lee's chest for support as the college boy railed into those mounds of muscle. Lee pictured the jock's cock twitching from the pounding, the pulsing of a hard dick in his ass driving the big hulk into the ecstasy of orgasm. Lee wanted to fuck the cum out of that jock, and in his mind's eye there were ropes of it nearly drowning him as he pumped that fuckstick deep into that jock's tight ass.

Lee could feel it building. The nut churning in his balls, as they slapped into his fists with each thrust. His toes started to curl. His breathing became shallow. Lee pushed his steel-hard dick one final time through his aligned fists and watched the shining head flare to beat of his pulse now pounding in his ears. He watched as thick cum shot from his pink tip and arced over his head. "Fuck yeah," Lee panted, as he quickly jerked off the final throws of his orgasm, spurting his jizz over and over. Cum splattering onto his face, his neck, his chest. Each rope hitting closer and closer to his navel with each spasm of his prostate and pulse of his ridged dick.

The cool air brought a chill over Lee's sweaty body, the goosebumps reminding him how cold it really was. Haphazardly dressing, he went back home to shower. Tomorrow he was moving into the dorms.