 Hey guys,sorry for the delay, i hope that i can get the next one posted a bit faster. hope you enjoy and please dont kill me.



When I opened my eyes I had to blink a few time. Chris. 

I am starting to sound like a love struck girl! Is this how I used to act... do I still act like this?! ...Sorry, back to the story...

He was lying on his stomach, facing me. His blond hair fanned out on the pillow and shone from the sun peeking in the windows. Damn, Now I sound poetic! I propped myself up on my elbow and took him in. God, I was lucky. Yes I loved him. I loved Chris. As I thought of that simple statement in my head my chest started to feel bigger. I have never said those words to anyone outside of my family before. I watched as his nose twitched, then slowly his eyes slowly fluttered open and looked up at me.

I smiled at him and kissed his forehead, which was still hot. "Morning," That's all I could say?! Where did that poetic shit go when I needed it?!

He yawned and simply said a muffled morning, before snuggling back under the covers against me. 

"Are you feeling better?" 

He nodded yes. Do not pester him. Do NOT pester him. I had to say to myself... I wanted to know what happened to him that made him avoid me, but apparently it was something big, otherwise I don't think he would have wound up on my porch soaking wet and upset.

"Want something to eat?" I asked softly rubbing my hands up and down his side.

He looked up at me with his big grey eyes, and then shook his head no. "Ok then, be right back," I started to get out of bed but he grabbed my hand. That made me stop. He never reached out for me, Chris just wasn't that forward. I turned around and looked at him. God he looked like an angel. He was just sitting up the covers slipped to show his chest, and the dark treasure trail of hair down the middle of his stomach. He was pleading with his eyes.

"Pl-" his voice rasped as he tried to talk. "Please... please don't leave me," His voice was soft, and I knew it hurt his throat to talk.

"I'm just going to the kitchen, I want some cereal," I was getting lost into those grey depths. I looked away and tried to stand again but he held on and whined. I turned back around to check on him, his eyes were brimming with tears. "Chris," I breathed. I sat down and pulled him into my arms, his head rested along my shoulder and I could feel the tears start to hit my chest.

God help me! What do I do with an upset angel?!

All I could do was hold him. I softly rubbed up and down his back and threaded my fingers through his hair as an attempt to calm him down. He started to shake and sob, I believe he tried to hold it back but it was too strong. It was breaking my heart to hear Chris cry, nothing nor no one should ever make him cry, he was just too sweet and pure. He had stopped his whimpering and he was still shaking in my arms, but he wasn't weeping anymore. I was leaning against the headboard and Chris was on top of me his head pillowed on my chest. He was calm. Well calmer.

I'm not sure how long we sat there, until I heard him actually say something "...hate me," he whispered.

"What?!" I was a bit shocked he said something.

"She hates me,"

She? "No one hates you, everyone loves you" I tried to look into his eyes but he still had them closed.

"She doesn't. She doesn't care about me at all," A large tear rolled down his cheek, leaving a glistening trail of moisture.

Guess ...everyone loves you... is too common of a phrase today, I wish he would have picked up on that subtle hint, too subtle I suppose. "She who?"

"My mother,"

"Why would you think something like that?" I looked him up and down. AGAIN, how could anyone hate him!?

"I don't think, I know,"

"Well why would she hate you?"

Chris opened his eyes and looked at the wall in front of him blankly, "I'm not the son she wanted, I'm gay, and that just fucked up her plans."

"Wait... did you just say fuck outside of the bedroom?" I chuckled. He looked up at me and blushed. "So she doesn't like you because you are gay?"

Chris nodded slowly. He was looking at me with sad pleading eyes.

"Well beautiful, I know you don't want to hear this but..." I sighed. "...sometimes shit just happens like that," I'm not good with this stuff, what should I say?

"I know, it's just that she doesn't try to hide it... even in public," He hugged me tighter, and looked away. "She calls me 'that thing',"

"Just stay away from her, you don't need her, you have me with you," I kissed his forehead.

"She needed me to go to my aunts funeral, and then to the reading of the will last week," He sighed and buried his head into my chest. "My aunt liked me, and after I inherited some things that my mother wanted, She got really mad, she tried to take it from me, she started fighting and yelling. She called me all kinds of horrible names, and when we walked out of the lawyer's office she slapped me,"

He shuddered from the memory. I held onto him, rubbed his back, and "shh"ed him. 

"I think... I think that she would have really hurt me," He said softly. "I'm afraid of her Jay,"

"It's ok Chris, you're safe with me, I won't let anything happen to you,"

"It took two cops to get her away from me," He looked up at me His grey eyes looked dull. That bitch really took a toll on him. "I ran here,"

"Good, you will always be safe here," I hugged him tightly and stayed with him in bed, until he sat up and looked at me with a broken smile. 

"Thank you, Jay, you really helped me," Chris then started to cough.

"Ok sickie, brekky, ASAP, then once you are healthy you can get out of bed, ok?"

He nodded and when I asked him about brekky again he asked for a bagel with cream cheese spread.

As I gathered breakfast items together, I thought of Chris. No wonder he was so scared when I got mad, that bitch had probably threatened him before. Maybe even hit him! Then he came to me, I wonder how much I mean to him since he came to me for refuge... I sighed and grabbed the milk out of the fridge and poured it in my cereal. I would tell him soon that I loved him and see how he feels... Shit! That's really going out on a limb. I had to do it though.

When I walked back into my room Chris was snuggled under the blankets snoozing. That beautiful little twerp, now I had to wake him up. I sat down on my side of the bed and he quickly sat up. I chuckled and handed him his bagel he took it and slowly nibbled on it. We sat in bed and watched cartoons and some boring documentaries about animals.

Did you know that giraffes have twenty-one inch long tongues? Well something like that... 

I SHOULDN'T KNOW THIS SHIT!! That little twerp does stuff to me. For him I would watch those boring shows and lay in bed all day. Even though I hated it I would do it for him.

"You can stay here from now on,"

Chris looked away from the giraffe show. "What?"

"Stay with me, ...move in," I said suddenly nervous. "Your mom won't be able to find you at least,"

He smiled and nodded happily before turning back to his show.

**********

It had been a week since I came home to find Chris on my doorsteps. He was doing better...

"Jay, come on, wake up!" Chris mock whined as he bounced on top of me.

... That was an understatement. 

The twerp was perfectly back to normal, and preventing me from getting any sleep. I moaned and pulled a pillow over my head.

"Jay you said that you had a surprise for me when I got better," He pouted at me.

I peeked out from under the pillow. Chris was sitting on top of me in his boxers with the puppy face. "Ugh fine! Get off me and we can go!"

"Yay" He jumped up off the bed and ran out of the room. Where did he get that energy from? 

I sat up and put my feet on the floor, resting my elbows on my knees and my head in my hands. Suddenly seeing the real, happy, carefree Chris made me realize how similar he was to Danny. I sat there in shock amoment... not another danny!?!?!

"Jaaaaaaay!"

"whaaaaat?" I hollered back.

"I got breakfast, come on,"

I stood up and walked out towards the kitchen, "Aren't you just the eager one?"

Chris blushed and looked up at me. "It's just a very plain omelet," 

I looked down at the counter were Chris had placed two plates with omelets, some toast, a glass of Milk for me and a glass of cranberry juice for himself. He liked that disgusting stuff.

"That looks so much better than the bowl of cereal I have every morning," I walked up to him and kissed his forehead. "Thank you, beautiful,"

He blushed a dark shade of red before a smile spread across his face. 

After breakfast he pulled me back into my bedroom, where he debated his clothing choices. "What do I need to wear? Is it formal? Casual? Inside? JAY give me some hint," He said after throwing all his clothes around.

"Nope, that's not how it works just throw something on that's comfortable," Sitting on the bed and watching his muscles flex was just torturing me. I walked up behind him, wrapped my hands around his waist, and started to kiss and nibble on the nape of his neck.

"Jay," Chris whispered. "I...need...dressed,"

"You don't sound very convincing on that," I said softly breathing into his ear.

"But my sur-p-prise...?"

"Alright then, grab some cargos and a t-shirt maybe a jacket since its sprinkling out and let's get out of here," I said abruptly stepping back.

Chris stood there a moment before sense came back to him. He glared at me a moment before saying "That was an evil trick... you will pay!"

Chris spun around and quickly got dressed before we headed out to my truck. He was so impatient that he was fidgeting in the seat the entire way there. It was a long drive to get to our destination, surprisingly Chris sat quietly but anxiously next to me. When I saw the city coming up on a highway sign I looked at him "Almost there now babe," 

"So where are we going to now?" He said peering out the windows.

"Oh. Thanks, that reminds me..." I pulled out a blindfold that I quickly shoved into my pocket before leaving the apartment. "Here put this on, I can't have you peeking,"

He looked at the blindfold and his mouth dropped. He then turned to look at me, before shaking his head no. "Jay, what the heck! This is getting too much,"

I laughed loudly. "No its not. You are just super anxious and you want to see it,"

"No fair!" He pouted looking down at the strip of cloth with his arms crossed over his chest.

"Come on beautiful, put it on... it's worth it," He looked down at the strip of cloth calculating. He heaved a heavy sigh and then tied it around his head. 

"There are you happy now?!"

"Always happy when you're around, Beautiful," I smiled and reached over and placed my hand above his knee.

I quickly navigated through the city... making it a lot more complex than it had to be, knowing Chris he probably could figure out where we were going by the turns and the directions. After paying to park, and parking the truck I sat with it still on a moment.

"Are we here... there?" He looked in my direction with a smile on his face.

"Yeah, we are but- Hey wait you can't take that off yet!" I leant over and quickly grabbed his hands and pulled them away from the blind fold.

"But you said we are here," He stomped his foot on the floorboard of the truck.

"We are, I just want to walk you up to the gates before you see it."

"Are we at an amusement park?"

"...No," I sighed. "I'm never setting up a surprise for you again... you don't like them." I turned the truck off and got out. 

I walked around the other side, seriously debating my choice of surprise. I didn't even know if he would really like this or not, it's just something that came to me. What if he didn't like it?! Slightly angry I opened the door and even with the blindfold on I could tell Chris was upset.

"Sorry I'm being a pain, I'm just anxious to see where we are," His cheeks were blushed and he wasn't looking in my direction.

"It's alright, I understand, I just don't want to mess this up," I blushed and kissed his lips quickly making sure not to be spotted. Thankfully it was slightly raining so it wasn't going to be anywhere near busy.

He held out his hand for mine, I took it and helped him out of the truck. I grabbed my camera and then headed towards the gates. Chris held onto me with both hands. I could feel him shaking from excitement. GOD, what if he doesn't like this?!

When we were just out of the parking lot and in front of the gates, I told him to take off his blindfold.

He quickly tore it off and his jaw dropped. SHIT! Wrong place. I sighed and turned away. 

"This is great, Jay!" He had a huge smile as he stared at the gates to the zoo. "I've never been to the zoo!"

He grabbed my arm and pulled me through the gates. More like dragged me. He was so excited to that he couldn't hold still. We went through the aquatics and marines first. He pet the dogfish sharks and watched the little show they had, before moving to the penguins, sea lions and polar bears.

After that I took him back to the Safari. We saw the zebras and antelopes, and he even paid 50 cents to look through the binoculars. Then it was time for the giraffes. I thought that this would be his favorite part. Chris saw them before we got close to the enclosure, their heads reaching above the tree line.

"Jay look!" Chris grabbed my sleeve and tugged on it while pointing to the giraffe's. I chuckled as he ran towards the overhang in the giraffe exhibit. I hated it when girls were clingy towards me, but Chris, he had that irresistible cuteness about him. He could be utterly cute and honest about it... he wasn't pretending to get my attention... why the hell do girls do that?! Chris never tried to play the sweet and innocent card... that was just the way he was... sweet innocent (for the most part) and pure.

"Jay come on hurry!"

"Alright, alright I'm comin'" I looked at my cellphone before heading over... it was 11:25. I looked around me and found what I was waiting for. Two keepers were walking up, one held a bucket in her arms. I rushed over to Chris and hugged him from behind. "Are you enjoying today?"

"Yes, I love it jay,"

I smiled and dug into my pocket and pulled out a twenty and handed it to him. "You are going to need this,"

Chris looked at the 20 dollar bill then up to me, "Why do I nee-"

"Hey guys, are you here to feed the giraffes?" One of the keepers asked.

I held in my laugh as Chris's jaw dropped and his eyes grew wide. "YES!"

I stood back and watched as Chris fed the giraffes. He would laugh as one of their tongues would snake out and grab a slice of sweet potato off his hand. God I could watch him forever. I quickly took a photo of him. He looked over at me then as a wide smile spread across his face, and I snapped another photo.

Once he was done he walked straight up to me and threw his arms around me and hugged me. His face buried against my neck I felt him kiss me. "Thank you Jay! Today has been amazing..." I wasn't even embarrassed by his outburst. I leant down and kissed him right on the lips.

"I am glad you are enjoying yourself so thoroughly, ready to go see some lions?"

Chris nodded and hurried to the lions. We spent the whole day at the zoo going from one animal to the next, we even got to see the newborn elephant. We ate some pizza at the food court before hitting the dolphin show. Then we viewed some more animals, before we left I bought us some ice cream cones. His eyes lit up when he saw them he snatched one out of my hands and started licking it, his eyes closed as he savored it. "mmmh... soo good,"

Damn it... "you know I got something else you can lick like that," I husked into his ear before looking at the front of my pants.

Chris blushed but smiled mischievously. "That our cue to go home?"

"Maybe not home... I don't think I can wait that long," 

And for the second time that day I kissed him without a care as to who was watching.

**********

I knocked on Danny's door.

"GO AWAY, ASSHOLE!" Oook, did I have the wrong door? I checked to make sure I had the right apartment. Yeah I did so what did I do to poor lil Danny?

"Danny?! What did I do?!" 

"Jason?" He sounded awful surprised.

"Yeah Danny it's me, look whatever I did can I come in and talk to you about it so we don't make a scene in the hallway?" It was currently empty at the moment but you know how nosey people can get.

"You're alone?" He said carefully.

"Yeah I'm alone,"

Danny opened the door a crack and peeked through.

"I'm sorry," I said. He poked his head out the door and looked both ways down the hallway before letting me in. Once I was in he immediately locked the door.

"Sorry Jay it wasn't you I was mad at it was my... never mind," He sniffled and wiped his nose on his baggy hoodie before looking at me. "What's up?"

"Danny?" Something was really wrong. His hair wasn't gelled up and he was wearing comfy clothes, you know the ones that look horrible but make you feel better when you are upset.

"Don't worry about it Jay," He sniffled and looked down at the ground.

"I wanted to know what... well what you would want to receive on Valentine's Day,"

Danny cocked his head to the side, "Valentine's Day is like 9 months away," He looked up at me like I was stupid.

"I know," I shuffled my feet and looked at him.

"A steady boyfriend?" Danny sighed. He walked back towards his couch and plopped down with a groan.

"Well I meant what should I give a man? What should I give Chris," I said softly.

"Chocolates? Roses? A teddy? I don't know, Jason, I really haven't had anyone give me anything before," Danny said softly. I hugged him tightly.

"So am I going to have to take you to a bar sometime soon?" I asked trying to get his spirits up. He sighed softly.

"No, I just want someone that likes me for me and will stay faithful. Why do I always go for the assholes? I just want someone to tell me that they love me and will hold me in his arms and stick up for me... is that really so much to ask for?" We sat quietly for some time before it hit me.

"Danny! You just gave me the perfect idea!" He looked up at me like I was crazy. 

"What are you doing?"

"I want to tell Chris that I..." I blushed as a smile spread across Danny's tear stained face. I ruffled his hair and stood up to stretch. "Anyways... what's going-"

Danny's phone started to ring, and his face fell... "You going to answer that?"

Danny nodded no as I grabbed the small device. I looked at the caller id.... ASSHOLE... presumably the one that he just broke up with. I pressed the answer button and put it to my ear.

"Danny look, it isn't what it looked like. I wasn't... he was, is a friend... nothing-"

"This isn't Danny" I said stiffly. So the guy cheated on Danny... the poor guy he had the worst luck.

"Who the hell is this?!"

"Danny is no longer any of your business, I suggest that you leave him be before you regret it," I hung up on the guy and turned to Danny. "If he calls you again... ignore it, if he keeps persisting then call me and I promise you I will go kick his ass for you," I kissed his forehead then turned to leave, "I must go now I have something I must attend to,"

**********

I had it all planned out now, I just got my package in the mail. Chris was going to be busy this morning so he was clueless. I quickly stashed it away and went out to grab a few more things. When I had everything together I spread everything out on the bed.

I then called Chris, "Hey beautiful!"

"Hey Jay,"

"What are you up to?"

"Helping my friend shop, she's trying to find a dress for a ballroom dance contest,"

"How is that going?"

"It's a hassle, for some reason even though I am into guys she wants my help in finding something that will look good on her," He sighed heavily.
