 I live in south Florida in a small city. By small city I mean that between Miami and Fort Lauderdale it seems to be a never ending big city and there are small cities that could be seen as neighborhoods. Only locals know where one city begins and where it ends. My city extends all the way to the beach. I live about two miles from the beach.

This particular day I had an early appointment for a job interview. After my interview was over I was heading home. With so many things in my mind about how the interview went and if I could have done better. So, to clear my mind I stopped at the coffee shop maybe some coffee would clear my mind. After buying a cup coffee I went and sat at a table outside. In south Florida most coffee shops and restaurants have outside sitting.

While I was sipping my coffee I was checking messages on my phone. For some unknown reason I looked up and saw an older man staring at me. He was a mature man of over sixty years. He was tall maybe over six feet tall, white hair, not over weight and he was not to thin either. Our eyes met as we looked at each other I turned my eyes to look at his crotch and could not see the outline of his dick just a small bulge. I am sure that he noticed this. I returned my eyes to his and smiled. He walked toward me and stood maybe couple of feet from my face. Since I was sitting down it was his crotch right in my face. From his crotch I looked up and his eyes were on me.

"Do you mind if I sit down," he said. To which I answered not at all, "please have a seat."

He sat down next to me and introduced himself, "My name is Milton," he said extending his hand. I shook his hand and said, "I am Danny." As we chatted I found out he was 68 years old and weighed 196 lbs. he looked so well for his age. He also told me he had divorced some years ago and decided to move to South Florida after the divorce. He was retired and did some realty business on the side. I told him about my interview and he tried to comfort me some by telling me that all will be fine.

After a long talk I had finished my coffee and I was ready to leave. He said that he enjoyed my company and if I did not mind he would like to invite me to his apartment so we can continue our conversation. I agreed and we left. We came to his apartment it was not too big. He said it was a small two bedroom that is all he needed. We went in to the living room which was nicely decorated.

He invited me to sit on the couch while he prepared a couple of drinks. When he came back with pair of cocktails he sat at the other end of the couch while we continued our conversation. He then excused himself to go to the bathroom. When he came back he stood in front of me only this time I could see the outline of his cock. It was a nice view. It seemed like about 7 1/2 inches semi hard under his pants. His crotch was just a few inches from my face.

He said, "Well you want it, don't you."

I reached and started stroking his cock and it started to get hard. I pulled his zipper down and with his help his cock came out. I was feeling it with my hand and felt so nice and soft I had to put it in my mouth. I started going in and out gently savoring every inch of his cock massaging and sucking the cock's head which was pretty big. While I was sucking it he took his shirt off and grabbed my head with both hands and started face fucking me sticking it all the way to my throat.

He told me, "Take my pants down and you will get a mouth full." 

I took his pants down and put his cock all the way in I could feel the cock's head in my throat. He grabbed my head again and face fucked some more. "Suck that cock," he said. I felt his cock getting bigger and was waiting for him to shoot his cum. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and told me to take my cloths off. While I took my clothes off he sat on the couch and put a cock ring on. His cock swelled up and looked much bigger.

I went down on my knees in between his legs put his cock in my mouth started sucking again with no hands and taking it all the way in. Something that gets me excited I always try to deep throat. He told me to suck and lick his balls which did. I could hear him moaning in delight. When it felt he was cumming he stopped me again. He told me to get on the couch on all fours and to suck his cock which I did. No hands and massaging his balls with my hand. After enjoying his cock for while I felt it get bigger and his cock's head swelling up in my throat he started shooting his nice creamy cum all the way to my throat.

I was trying to swallow all that cum as fast I could as not miss one drop. His cock was pulsating in my mouth as every wave of cum came shooting in. After swallowing all and cleaning his cock with my mouth. I kept sucking his cock for a little while something he enjoyed. His cock started to get flaccid at that point. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and kissed me. We sat on the couch for while as we recovered from an intense session.

As I was getting dressed he told me he enjoyed our encounter very much and that we should do it again. To which I agreed only to add that next time after he cums in my mouth I want him to fuck my ass. He said he would look forward to my next visit.