 Colin had already accepted the fact that if you signed up to fuck Raja, you got the whole package: a short temper, an inability to keep still and poor emotional regulation. 

It wasn't perfect or ideal, but still, Collin didn't want it any other way. 

Those characteristics were what made Raja, Raja. And Colin had also accepted the fact that he loved Raja, despite his flaws. He could live with the short temper and the buzzing, almost uncontrollable energy. 

Raja's tendency to drop by at three in morning, however, Collin could live without.

Collin groaned and pulled the pillow off his face when the doorbell rang again this time accompanied by three loud and rapid knocks. Scratching his thigh and tugging on some loose sweatpants, Collin made his way to the front door. He wasn't surprised to find Raja waiting for him on the other side, leering at him with half-lidded and an absolutely filthy grin plastered on his lips. Colin's cock throbbed with sudden interest. When Raja looked at him like that it always meant he was in for a treat. Whether that treat consisted of a tight ass around his cock, a pair of lips sucking him off or dick in his own ass depended on whatever mood his friend was in.

"Are you just going to stand there and look at me, or are you inviting me in?" The smaller male didn't even wait for a reply before he made his way past Colin and toed off his boots , walking into the apartment.

"Make yourself at home, "Colin snorted fondly and closed the front door as Raja walked past him, already acting like he owned the places.

"Trust me, I will," Raja called over his shoulder, winking at Colin before he disappeared into the living room.

"So, is there any particular reason you're knocking on my door in the middle of the night?" Colin asked even though he already had a pretty good idea. The truth was, he just wanted to hear Raja say it, wanted to hear what filthy possibilities Raja's deviant mind had come up with.

He stopped dead in his tracks when he entered his living room, finding Raja lounging in the armchair, one leg popped over the armrest, giving Colin a perfect view of how his pants stretched across his crotch, revealing the bulge there. Unconsciously Colin licked his lips, making the other male smirk at him, flashing an eyetooth in his crooked smile.

The dark-skinned male hummed low in his throat as his gaze traveled up and down Colin's body, suggestively as trailed his hand down to cup his own cock through the tight pants. Colin knew he looked fairly average. Not really attractive but not bad looking either with his gangly body, big blue eyes that were better suited for a puppy and a nose a tad too big. But with Raja looking at him like that with hunger and lust so evident in his eyes, Colin did feel handsome and even sexy. 

Brown eyes sought out Colin's blue ones, leering at him, taking in the control Raja wielded over Colin. All Colin could do, would do, was hold on for the ride, until Raja finally gave in, and allowed Colin to take control. It only happened on the rarest of occasions. Raja wasn't one to offer of his throat and submit willingly. It was only when the smaller male felt like it, and even then, Colin would have to work for it.

Humming deep in his throat, Raja raised his chin in what Colin believed was an unspoken challenge. "Well, I don't know. What do you think, Colin?" 

Colin thought a lot of things. He thought about how beautiful his friend looked and how much he wanted to call the man in front of him his boyfriend. He thought about how much he cared for the stubborn male and how much he wanted to tell him that. Colin knew he couldn't. He knew Raja would label it as sentimental bullshit and push it aside, maybe even leave if Colin kept bringing it up. He thought about all that, feeling a deep-seated longing burning in the pit of his stomach, but no matter how much he wanted to turn what they had into something more, his thought always returned to the fact that he felt lucky with what the smaller male was already offering him, and he didn't want to screw that up by demanding more. He couldn't tell Raja any of that of course.

"I think you came here to sit on something other than my chair," Colin suggested, pleased when Raja grin widened.

Dragging his leg of the armrest, Raja placed both his feet firmly on the ground and spread his legs, patting his inner thigh. "You bet your ass I did. Or in this case, my ass. Now, come over here and suck my cock, before I find someone else to fuck." It was an empty threat. It was something Raja needed to make whatever they had together less soft and sentimental. Colin knew that, but he didn't want to leave Raja exposed and vulnerable by pointing it out. 

Colin obeyed without hesitation. Slowly, he sank to his knees and crawled towards his friend, settling himself between Raja's thighs. Burying his face in Raja's crotch, Colin nuzzled his cock through the fabric. While he mouthed at the hardening cock and made sure to make a real mess of it, covering both his chin and the front of Raja's pants it in spit. He groaned into the thigh when he heard Raja's breath hitch above him and felt how slender fingers buried themselves in his hair, tugging enough to make his scalp burn.

"That's good Colin. It's like you're made for it," Raja drawled as he pulled out his hairband, causing his mop of messy brown curls to down his shoulder. Colin shuddered at the display, recognizing it as not only a nonverbal permission to not tug and pull the hair later, but also a silent demand to do so. 

Raja tilted his head, jaw falling slack with a moan when Colin undid his zipper and pulled his cock out before he licked and long wet strip from the base to the tip, "You're being so good for me."

Colin shivered at the praises falling for his lover's lips. He gripped the clothed hips tighter, nails digging in as he inhaled the scent and groaned, not holding himself back any longer as he took the cock into his mouth, sucking and licking at the head, while his hand worked the spit-covered base. Sucking on the head and licking at the slit, Colin moaned at how heavy the cock was on his tongue and enjoyed how it restricted his breathing just a tiny bit. Enough to get him to work for every lungful. Colin's own cock throbbed for attention, but he ignored it. 

Tonight wasn't about him. It was about showing Raja that he was always welcome, no matter what. 

Above him Raja groaned breathlessly, hips twitching up excitedly of their own accord- almost making Colin choke on it. The corner of his friend's lips twisted upwards, as he did it again, this time harder while he used the grip in Colin's hair to hold him in place, making the blue-eyed male gag around the cock in his mouth. When Raja eased his tight grip on Colin's hair he pulled off with a gasp, breath ragged and heart pounding. The view of the spit covered cock and those beautiful half-lidded brown eyes had him growl. 

Raja's breath hitched, his pupils blowing wide, and before Colin had a chance to take in the response, Raja pushed him back with a hand against his shoulder, as he got out of the chair. "Move it. Going to get out of these clothes, and then a want you to lick my ass, make me nice and ready for you."

Colin'd never understood why people talked dirty during sex, he'd never really been into it. In his ears, it had always sounded forced and fake, and kind of just ruined the mood for him. Then Raja had opened his mouth and spoken the filthiest shit he'd ever had the pleasure of hearing, and then he had understood completely. Raja undressed slowly, one piece at a time, as he looked Colin dead in the eye, a cheeky pretense at resistance that Collin wanted to pin him down and make him moan. Even when they were both hard and needy Raja still had to make it difficult, make it a constant back and forth-Colin pushing to Raja's pull, riding out his bucks and attempt to throw him off, until he calmed and allowed Colin to come closer, to show him love. His mouth wanted when Raja turned slowly on his heels, showing Colin his backside as he pulled down his pants and exposed his plump butt to the chilly air and Colin's hungry gaze. 

Colin wanted to bury his face between those meaty cheeks. The thought of it was driving him mad, made his face and chest flush bright and his teeth clench. It itched in his fingers to grip Raja tight and bend him over the chair to have his way with him.

But Colin waited. 

Like a loyal dog, he stayed put, waiting for Raja's permission to touch him. His entire frame was shaking with the effort it took to keep himself in check, but it didn't go unrewarded. Raja leered at him over his own shoulder and continued to look at him, as he crawled back into the chair, hands gripping the backrest, spine arched, and thighs spread.

"Come and get me."

Colin didn't need to be told twice. He gripped his friend's ass hard and pressed his face between the cheeks, fingers spreading them and tongue licking a hot strip up his perineum to lab against his puckered asshole, dipping the tip of his tongue inside. Above him Raja moaned and trusted back, fucking himself on the tip of Colin's tongue. The pleasured sounds he made only urged Colin on. Knowing his partner felt good was almost as much of a turn for Colin than the act itself. It made his skin hot and his cock hard. He treated Raja's pucker to a slow lick while he slowly pressed a finger against the rim without penetrating it, just teasing. He pressed his tongue in again, hot and wet and slick, licking his friend, his lover, open. 

Lapping at his hole, Colin propped his fingers on Raja's perineum, stretching and massaging the skin to help it relax. A thrill went down his spine at how quick the male relaxed and opened up for him. Colin felt those meaty and muscular hips rock back against his face, his cock throbbed with the pounding of his heart in his ears, hips twitching up at the sight before him. He fucked in deeper and deeper with his tongue and dipped in a finger when he deemed his friend ready. He was rewarded with a low moan that trailed off into a growl.

"Now we're talking. Come on, Colin, I'm not made of glass. Give me another one," Raja demanded from the chair, and Colin new better than deny him what he wanted. It would only result in a pissed-off Raja and a pair of blue balls. While Colin knew Raja could take a rough dicking, he also knew his friend had no sense of self-preservation, making it most likely for the smaller male to something push himself to close to the edge without even realizing it. Or maybe he did, he just didn't care. But Colin cared.

"I'll give you as many fingers as you went, hell just say the word, and you can have my fist, but I'm not doing it without any lube," Colin said, words just a tiny bit muffled by the cheeks framing his face.

Raja growled but still mentioned towards his abandon pants with a wave of his hand, "Knew you were going to say that," he complained and even managed to make it sound like Colin was in the wrong for wanting to do it right and make it good for Raja, "I got some in my pocket."

Sure enough, there between lint and coins were two packets of lube. Colin couldn't help but smile to himself. He knew Raja would have thought of him while he packed the lube. While none of them had confirmed anything verbally, it was an unspoken agreement between them, that while they weren't together, they didn't fuck anybody else. Raja often threatened he would, but Colin knew better. He knew Raja got mean and rude whenever unwanted or scary feelings rose to the surface within him, but he didn't mean anything by it. He didn't mean to hurt Colin, it was his twisted way of coping. Therefore, instead of getting mad at him, Colin did his best to help Raja contain those scary emotions, helped him learn that while they were uncomfortable they weren't dangerous. Raja's hurtful comments had slowly started to decrease after that.

Colin tore open the first packaged, grinning when he watched how Raja's body shivered at the sound, and slicked up two of his fingers, tracing Raja's puckered hole, before gently pushing the tip of one finger inside. Raja took it like he was made for riding dick. Colin watched in amazement as his digit disappeared in and out of Raja. When Raja's muscles relaxed and grew pliant, Colin worked in another long, thin finger, rocking them in and out. He stretched Raja ever so often by widening his fingers before continued to fuck deeper and the widened again, all the while he kissed, nibbled and licked at Raja's inner thighs, covering them in small marks. He knew Raja would bitch about it later, but he also knew that if he looked close enough he could see Raja smiling whenever he caught the sight of them in a mirror.

Working in his tongue alongside the fingers, mixing spit and lube Colin continued reducing Raja's ass to a wet mess, but by the sound coming from the smaller male, Raja was enjoying every bit of it. He back tensed and his hips arched. Raja tilted his head back, mouth falling slack with a moan as he buried a hand in his own wild hair.

"That's it. Just like that, Colin. Give me one more."

Like that with his eyes closed and breathing praises and demands for more, Colin thought he looked almost peaceful. Free from terrors of his past and worries about his future. Like that, arched against the chair with two fingers up his ass, he could ground himself and stay in the present. Colin felt proud of being part of what made that possible. It made him want to work even harder, make it better for Raja. Narrowing his tongue to a point, Colin licked hard and fast, working in the tip between his two fingers, before he softened it to dab the outside. He pushed a third finger into Raja stretching what his tongue couldn't reach and once Raja was clutching helplessly around him he moved to continue sucking hickeys and gnawing bitemarks into his lover's inner thigh, where he could hide it with the pants the next day, but he would still feel it whenever he moved.

Raja clenched around him as Colin worked in the third finger. Both of Raja's hands were back on the backrest, nails digging into the fabric and his head hung low between his shoulders, his long hair fanned out across the dark skin. Colin could hear his friend's chest rumble with what he assumed was satisfied growls and groans. Watching all three fingers dip in and out of the smaller male, Colin's hips jerked upward with the building need to trust and rut and fuck. Watching Raja's hole stretch around all three of his fingers didn't help at all. But Colin was being good. He would wait for Raja's signal, for his permission to continue, and only then would he open his zipper, pull his cock out and bury himself in the hungry ass presented to him. 

A whole-body shiver wrecked through Raja when Colin spread all three fingers inside him. Wanting even more of those wonderful reactions from his friend, Colin reached around a meaty thigh and closed his fist around Raja's leaking cock. He jerked him off slowly in tandem with the fingers fucking in and out of him. Colin thumbed the head, smearing precum all over it, before going back to pumping his cock. Raja hissed, and his thighs quivered and shook like he had trouble keeping himself upright at this point. 

Maybe he would let go of the control and allow Colin to take over for once? Colin would like that. He loved their games of back and forward but treasured whenever Raja allowed him to be in charge. Usually, he used those rare moments to reduce his friend to a sobbing mess in his lap, that begged Colin to fill him up and fuck him good. Getting Raja to that state was only possible because Raja himself wanted it, no matter how hard he fought it when Colin tried giving him what he wanted and sometimes even needed.

Colin had just gotten his hopes out, when Raja raised his head a peered at Colin over his shoulder. "Out. I want to sit on your dick." Even when out of breath, voice dark and husky, Raja still managed to sound firm and in charge, convincing Colin, that tonight wasn't one of those rare moments where Raja would let go and just trust him. Colin didn't take it personally. He knew Raja found trusting people hard. Which made the rare moments without any mental defenses separating them all the more valuable.

Slowly Colin pulled his fingers out of Raja, leaving his ass gaping and clenching on nothing. Colin stroked one of Raja's strong thighs, smirking when he watched it quiver with covert want. Usually, Raja's body was a whole lot more honest than the young man himself, and over time, Colin had learned how to interpret those little non-verbal means of communication, allowing him to react on his partner's needs without Raja having to speak them out loud. Dipping his thumb back in, Colin pulled and tugged at the lube-slick rim. Raja's breath hitched, and his hips jerked backward.

"Just look at you," Colin hummed, lazily fucking his thumb in and out of his friend, "opening up so nicely for me. So eager for my cock."

Raja glared at him over his shoulders, but the harsh look lost some of its force because of the deep blush kissing Raja's cheeks. "I would be a whole lot more ager if you actually did as you were told and gave me your cock," he complained, thighs flexing like he was deliberating if he should donkey kick Colin in the chin or not.

Not wanting an unnecessary bruise of having to deal with a pissed and horny Raja, Colin ripped open the second pack of lube, pouring some directly into Raja, making the smaller male jerk in surprise.

"You could have warmed it up, jackass," he grumbled, but all protests and complaints were lost once Colin started fucking the lube deeper into him.

While keeping Raja entertained, Colin fumbled to get his pants opened with his free hand. Once his cock sprung free, Colin pulled his fingers away from Raja, earning him a gasp from Raja, and slicked himself up with the remaining lube. At this point, he was aching hard and the small touch of his fingers smearing slick over his heated cock had him close his eyes and tilt his head back in a moan. When he opened his eyes, he found Raja looking at him with half-lidded eyes and a crooked smile. Colin's cock throbbed impatiently. Even if he wasn't allowed to dominate Raja tonight, that hooded look told him, he was in for quite a ride nevertheless.

"Move," Colin, not ordered, but asked as he gently slapped Raja's ass, watching with satisfaction the slap made both cheeks bounce and shake. Raja moaned and his body tremble. It made Colin wonder if his friend would be appreciated being pulled over Colin's knee and spanked until his cheeks were burning red and they were both hard. He made a mental note to bring it up next time an opportunity presented itself.

For now, he had a horny fiend to worry about. 

Raja moved from the chair with surprising ease and before Colin knew it, Raja was up and biting his neck and stretching blunt nails down his stomach, never breaking the skin but leaving behind angry red lines and dark bruises they both knew Colin would bear with pride. A wicked grin spread on Raja's lips as his fingers sprawled across Colin's chest. Then he pushed. A not so manly shriek left Colin as he lost balance and tripped back into the chair, landing with a loud thump. Raja was on him immediately, straddling his hips and rubbing his cock against Colin's stomach while he bit, licked and kissed his bony collarbone.

"You're going to feel so good inside me," He purred against the skin as reached for Colin' cock. Calloused fingers wrapped around his length pumping it and thumbing the slit in a way that made Colin gasp. Raja leaned back and grinned at Colin, slowly totting and shaking his head when the simple touch made Colin's hips buck and snap forward. "Somebody's impatient," he drawled, leering down at Colin as he positioned himself above his erect rock.
