 It's past my usual quitting time on a sunny Friday when I finally close the door to my office and leave the building. It's been a stressful week, and I'm tired, brain-dead, and ragingly horny.

Hitting the gym takes care of some of the stress. I work through my usual circuit, resting shorter intervals than usual between my sets. I feel the blood course into my muscles, pumping them up. By the time I done I'm looking pretty good. I glance at myself naked in the mirror as I head for the showers and catch a guy sitting on a bench checking me out. He's cute and normally I'd consider flirting with him, but not today.

I step into one of the stalls and turn on the warm spray. My cut cock swells as I soap myself. But I'm not going to jack off here, even though there's some privacy. There's only one person who can help me with this itch that I have, and I'm heading for his place as soon as I'm done. He's e-mailed me that he's at home, waiting for me. I can't disappoint him. I've even gone to the gym today, tired as I was, because I wanted to look my best for him.

Never mind that he's never actually seen me.

His house is in a modest subdivision in the north part of town. It's easy to get there from either work or the gym, just a quick freeway drive. I'm always a bit nervous getting out of the car, but that's just me--usually no one is around, and the few times there have been people they haven't paid any attention. It's far enough away from where I live that the chance of seeing friends or co-workers is practically nil.

Even so, I walk quickly up his driveway and to his front door. I know it will be unlocked but I knock anyway so as not to look suspicious. I step into the cool silent front hallway.

He has left a chair for me to put my clothes on. I look to the right, to an open doorway. The dark heavy curtain has been hung across it as usual, a small rectangular hole cut into it in the center, less than halfway up. Beyond it the room is dark, but I know he is in there behind the makeshift barrier.

He is kneeling, blindfolded and naked, waiting.

My cock is hard, hard inside the jockstrap I'm wearing underneath my gray wool dress pants. I'm still wearing a necktie from the office. I undress in the hallway, slowly, making him wait. He likes the anticipation, he's told me. I slip off my black leather shoes and line them up neatly by the chair. I peel off my dark socks and stuff each inside a shoe.

I undo my belt, making sure the buckle clinks. Then I lower my zipper slowly, so that he'll hear the raspy buzz as it descends. I pause, and unfasten the button at the middle of the waist. My pants fall from the weight of the belt buckle and hit the floor. The air is cool on my bare butt.

I step out of my pants, pick them up and fold them neatly before I place them on the chair. I loosen my tie and undo my cuff buttons, but leave my shirt on. This is part of our foreplay--he likes to finish undressing me.

I sense movement behind the curtain, and imagine I can hear him. I stand absolutely still and silent, making him wait some more, wondering where I am and why I don't come. Finally he can't stand it any longer. I see a finger poke through the slit in the curtain. He parts the opening enough so I can see his open mouth. My cock leaps up and strains against the elastic pouch of my jockstrap. I'm through teasing him--I want this as much as he does.

I walk to the doorway and stand so that my bulging crotch pushes through the opening. Now for sure I can hear him breathing. Suddenly I feel the moist heat of his breath seeping through the elastic cloth of the pouch. His lips find the outline of my hard shaft and take hold. My own breath is coming quick and shallow now, my heart pounding with excitement and anticipation. He knows how to make me wait too.

I reach around the curtain with my arms. My hands find his head and grab it, not roughly, not yet. I stroke his hair.

"Oh yeah," he whispers. His own arms snake around the curtain and take hold of my butt cheeks, sliding across them, caressing them. His hands slip under the straps of the jock and pull at it. I help him by pushing the waistband down in front. My half-hard cock flops out, head already moist with precum.

"Oh yeah!" he says again, more excited. His hands tug harder until the waistband is halfway down my thighs. I feel his tongue tickle the head of my dick. It hardens in response.

"Suck it," I urge him.

He chuckles in response, makes me wait just a little longer. He licks and kisses the shaft, tantalizing me further. Then, all of a sudden, I'm engulfed by the sliding, slippery warmth of his mouth as he takes me down to the root. I let out a grunt of surprise and satisfaction. My clutching hands force his head deeper into my crotch as I fuck his mouth, shoving my cock so that it bumps the back of his throat. I hear air whistling from his nostrils as he tries to catch a breath, then gagging noises. It's okay--he likes it rough, he's told me. Nevertheless, I let him go. He pulls back, gasping. 

"Fuck that's great," he says. His hands rove up my chest, tweaking my nipples and making me grunt. They fumble with the knot of my tie. I loosen it for him and let him draw it off. He unfastens my collar button, slides my shirt off my shoulders. It falls to the floor. He slides the jockstrap down the rest of the way and I step out of it. Now I'm naked, shivering in his air-conditioned hallway, and hard as a rock.

Let me tell you how I met him.

I'd answered an ad for a "private glory hole" on Craigslist. I'd always been into anonymous sex and a glory hole in the safety and privacy of someone's house was right up my alley. I'd hoped I'd at least get good suck job when I walked into his place for the first time. I'd been a little disappointed when I saw that the glory hole wasn't a real wall, but just a curtain. Still, now that I was here I thought I might as well go through with it.

That first time I didn't strip, simply unzipped and stuck my cock through the slit he'd cut in the heavy dark material. He'd taken his slow, sweet time with me, driving me crazy with his warm wet mouth, his soft lips and caressing, flicking tongue. He'd let me pull back when I got too close--we'd wait, frozen and silent while I cooled off just enough, then he went back to work. Finally after half a dozen trips to the edge and back, his hands had clamped onto my butt and pulled me deep into his throat when I tried the same trick again. He'd slid back and forth harder and faster on my shaft as my weak protests turned first into whimpers, then roars of delight as I'd unloaded what felt like a gallon of cum into his eager mouth.

My legs were rubbery and my hands shook so that I had trouble zipping myself up in the aftermath. "Thanks, man," I said to the empty air, after I'd managed to catch my breath a little. "That was awesome."

A soft chuckle. "My pleasure." He paused, then added, "You like edging, don't you?"

"Edging?"

"Pulling back when you're about to cum. Making it last."

I couldn't keep the eagerness out of my voice. "Yeah. That's my favorite."

"Come back and I'll keep you here twice as long."

I knew then I was going to take him up on his offer.

So my visits to his place had continued. We'd agreed to keep things as anonymous as we could, no last names, no faces. The house was always in semidarkness when I walked in. He'd taken to wearing a blindfold, even behind the partition, so he wouldn't see me. I'd caught glimpses of his face, his mouth, clutched his head and hair, let my hands rove over his naked body, tasted his lips, tongue and cock. Yet I wouldn't recognize him if I passed him on the street, and the thrill of knowing that kept the chemistry between us going.

Today is maybe the eighth or tenth time we've met. Precum drips from the head of my cock as I thrust it through the curtain.

"Suck it," I tell him again.

"Mm hmm," he says, and takes it into his mouth. I grab his head and push his face all the way into my crotch again, thrusting my hips so that my cock bumps the back of his throat over and over, fucking his face. Then I push his face against my pubes until I hear him choke, finally letting him go so he can gasp for air.

"Oh yeah!" he says again, when he can speak.

"You like that?"

"Fuck yeah," he says.

"I like it too," I tell him. He begins to suck me again, more gently this time, occasionally teasing the head with his tongue, or sliding along the length of my shaft with his lips, before taking me full into his mouth again. His hands are in constant motion too, grabbing or slapping my butt cheeks, sliding on my stomach and up to my pecs, flicking and twisting my nipples while he sucka me. This last especially drives me crazy and I can't keep from moaning with delight when he does that.

"God, I love your body. Smooth butt. Tight abs. So hot."

After a while I get dangerously close to cumming and pull back. He lets me go and I kneel, whispering through the gap in the curtain, "Kiss me."

Our mouths find each other and meet in a long, wet, passionate kiss, lips and tongues tangling while muffled moans and whimpers of delight rise from our throats. We break apart, then come back together, over and over again. Finally he pulls back and gets to his feet. A moment later his thick, stubby, circumcised cock pokes through.

"Suck me."

Since he's giving me a fantastic blowjob I'm happy to oblige, though I'm not nearly as good a cocksucker as he is. I take his cock in and work on it, back and forth, while he moans encouragement. Salty precum flows into my mouth. Even though he hasn't sucked me for minutes my own cock is still rock hard. By now a film of sweat coats my body and dampens my hair despite the air conditioning. All trace of the cool, well-dressed professional who left the office a couple of hours ago is gone. I'm naked and disheveled, in a stranger's house, taking his cock down my throat and sucking it like an animal. There's nothing better than dirty, sweaty, totally anonymous sex between two men whose only thought is to get each other off.

He doesn't usually get off in our encounters, actually. Today, though, I want him to come too. I think of a way to get him there. I wet his prick with as much spit as I can before I stand up and turn around. His cock nudges at my crack.

"Oh yeah!" he mutters excitedly. "You want it up your ass?"

"Yeah," I say. "Fuck me."

I bend over, pull my cheeks apart, push back against him. He's thick, but not that big, and gets inside me pretty easy with a little help. I feel the swelling heat of his prick force me open. My own cock takes another jump upward and a thread of my precum drips onto the hall rug. I wonder if I've ever been this turned on. 

He grunts with satisfaction as he begins to thrust into me. I don't have anything to hold on to and have to put my hands on the floor, painfully stretching my hamstrings, making the blood rush to my head. I look up between my legs and watch his bare shaft pistoning in and out of my hole, making my balls shake every time he hits bottom. He's exactly the right length to give maximum stimulation to my prostate and the fire builds up higher inside me.

As he fucks me harder he grabs my hips with his hands, keeping me from falling forward. He grunts louder and I know he's getting close. I push back on his cock and urge him on. "C'mon, fucker. Give me that load. Breed my hole."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah...Oh God!" His words turn into harsh gasps as he thrusts all the way into me and holds himself there. I squeeze my ass muscles as tight as I can and feel his shaft throbbing as he empties his load into my innards.

We stay that way, joined together, as long as we can. Finally he lets go of me. My exhausted thigh muscles give way and I fall to my hands and knees, but right away I'm up and turning around, aiming for his cock. I take his softening organ, slick with my spit and ass juices and his cum, in my mouth, hearing him gasp as my tongue makes contact. I know he's sensitive in the aftermath so I clean him off gently.

He pulls back and his cock disappears back behind the partition. "Your turn," he whispers.

"I got your cum inside me. You want mine now?" I know the answer to that one.

"Damn right. Give it to me."

I stand and push my cock back through the curtain. His mouth surrounds it and he goes to work. No more pulling back from the brink, no more edging. He's sliding back and forth with maximum pressure, his spit coating my shaft and dripping off, bent on pushing me over the edge. I reach behind the heavy cloth with both my arms, grab his head and fuck his face. He moans encouragement.

"Take my load man. It's going to be a big one. Ready for it?"

"Mm hmm," he says, sliding even faster.

"Oh god...here it comes...Take it, fucker!" I shout. I lose all control as the sperm boils up from my tense balls, mixing with the fluid from my engorged prostate and exploding out the head of my cock, hitting the back of his throat and filling his eager mouth. My head whips back as I utter wordless cries of delight, my hands holding his head in a viselike grip as I push him as far as I can into my crotch, thrusting my cock as far down his throat as he can take it.

Dimly I'm aware that he's making small whimpering noises, choked by my hands and the flood of sperm filling his mouth. I realize he needs to breathe and relax my grip. I hear a noisy expulsion of air and spittle, then great gasping breaths as he catches some oxygen. 

I take a step back, withdrawing my still twitching cock from the glory hole. My chest is heaving. I'm covered with sweat from head to toe. My thighs are aching from being tensed for so long. My asshole is burning from the recent fucking it's gotten. I feel something wet on my leg and realize that his cum has leaked out of my butt and is running down my thigh.

"You okay man?" I ask.

No answer for moments, just more gasps. "Fuck yeah!" he finally says. "That was fantastic."

I laugh, a bit shakily. "You're telling me."

"You taste wonderful. Like always. Thanks for the great load."

I can't help chuckling a bit at how polite he is, considering we've just been fucking like dogs. "My pleasure. And thanks for yours."

Now it's his turn to chuckle. "I wasn't planning on that. But you got me so turned on..."

"It's running out of me," I tell him. "I need to get cleaned up before I go."

"You can use the shower right behind you in the hall. I've put a fresh towel there in case you needed it."

I head into the bathroom he's pointed out, leaving my clothes in the hall. I turn on the warm spray and wash my sweat and his cum off of me, taking my time. I can't help hoping there's a bit left inside to take with me from today's encounter. It's only fair since he has so much of mine.

I towel myself off and head back into the hall. As I pick up my clothes and start to get dressed I look at the curtain. He's still back there, and I see a finger poking through the hole, beckoning.

"One last taste. Please," I hear him whisper.

I walk over, let him have my now soft cock. He licks at it, puts it in his mouth gently, finally releases it with a kiss on its head. His hand pats my behind.

"I know you have to go. Have a great weekend. Till next time."

"Take care man. Thanks again."

Moments later I shut his front door behind me. I'm dressed and put together, at least on the outside. My heart is still beating faster than normal and my balls are aching from the aftermath. There's a smile on my face and a spring in my step, though. I'm going to get a good night's sleep and have a relaxed weekend, thanks to my unseen lover.

END