 I don't even know where to begin... I am writing this down in an effort to sort out my situation in my mind. My name is Doug, and I am a married man in my 40s - approaching my 27th wedding anniversary. My wife is a beautiful, loving woman, and a wonderful mother to our 4 children. We both make a good living with our professional degrees, hold somewhat prominent positions in our community, have a lovely home and a vacation home. We both stay fit (I am 5"10" 180 lbs, lift weights 3x per week, and ride about 50 miles per week on my road bicycle). We rarely argue, and our children are well-adjusted. Life in our mid-sized Kentucky town was moving along seamlessly - until HE came along.

Ok - who am I kidding? My life had been veering toward a cliff out of control. You see, I have long been secretly bisexual with a strong attraction to twinks - lithe smooth males in their early 20s. I had messed around with a couple of guys when I was in my teens. In these interactions, I had always been more submissive. I gave oral more than I received, but it never went further than that. After my early twenties, I met my wife, and had not been with another person since, male or female. However, recently I was becoming restless; my desire to explore growing stronger each day after more than 25 years of monogamy.

Last fall, my youngest child was preparing a school project addressing LGBTQ youth issues (we have intentionally raised socially progressive children). She wanted to interview a member of the LGBTQ community to gain further insight on this issue. I immediately knew who to ask. Several years earlier, I had been the varsity soccer coach for a local high school and had a promising young player, Perry, quit the team after his freshman year. I later learned that he had withdrawn from all extracurricular activities due to bullying by schoolmates over his homosexuality. Had I known what he was going through at the time, I would have taken steps to intervene and provide support. I have always considered this episode my greatest failing as a coach.

When I called Perry, now a 20 year old college student, he readily agreed to an interview with my daughter - said he was honored to be asked. I planned to use this meeting to apologize to him for not knowing about his situation, not asking, not doing more when I was his coach. My daughter was excited, Perry was eager to help, and I was excited for the opportunity to reconnect with him and to make my apologies. 

The evening of the interview (after hours at my office), I mumbled "Holy Fuck" to myself when Perry arrived. He was so damn hot - dressed in tan skinny jeans, a multicolored woven pull-over hoodie, his long curly hair back in a bun. Perry is about 5' 6", maybe 130 lbs, and very fit. And he has the most striking hazel eyes - to this day my favorite of his features. We exchanged greetings, then he and my daughter went into the conference room for the interview. As the conference room door closed, I noticed his intoxicating scent - vanilla and lust (if that is a scent). 

I patiently waited for them to complete the interview - "patiently waited" means that I sat at my desk drinking gin and cranberry juice. Multiple (that wouldn't be the only thing that was multiple that evening). The gin and juice, along with Perry's scent, were both intoxicating. I was so nervous to be around him that I continued to drink. As the interview concluded, my wife arrived to take my daughter home, and Perry agreed to stay to talk for a while - "I have the whole evening free" he said.

We moved our conversation to the back of the office and caught up with each other's lives. He was in college and was actively pursuing a music career (and my god he can sing). I offered him a drink (he declined), but I continued to drink, the alcohol continuing to erode my defensive walls. As I sat with him, I was transfixed by his smile, his smell, his eyes, everything about him. I'm certain that I was staring too intensely. There is no way he didn't notice - he was just so beautiful. What the fuck is going on with me? This guy is young enough to be my son. In fact he's younger than my son.

During our talk, I was able to bring up the issue of him quitting soccer and how I regretted not being more attuned to what he was going through. He denied that I had any responsibility, and claimed that he was actually happy with the way things worked out because it gave him more time to focus on his music. The conversation was pleasant.

And despite my uncomfortable staring, Perry was in the mood to talk - shifting the conversation to his current family situation. He told me I was a strong male role model in his life when he played for me. He had a cold, absent father who had never told him he loved him. Perry was clearly gay, but his father had never acknowledged that fact. Perry also disclosed to me trauma from his childhood - he had been sexually abused by a family friend when he was younger. He was raw with emotion during our conversation. I then blurted out that I too had been sexually abused by a family member during my youth. 

Why the fuck did I say that; I had never disclosed that to anyone. I just felt that we had a kinship that I hadn't felt before with anyone else; that he was the person who was safe for me to tell. Due to that connection (and a lot of alcohol), I also felt safe to disclose to him that I was bi-sexual, but never acted on it. 

"That must be hard." he said.

My laughing response: "Hard all the time, but nothing that a gay porn and masturbation can't take care of." 

We playfully discussed the type of porn we each liked. He showed me a few of his favorite porn clips on his phone. We had similar tastes. He asked me to show him some of my favorites. I loaded up a clip and went over to the desk where he was sitting and got down on one knee to show him. 

I said jokingly (?) from my kneeling position, "I'm not trying to suck your dick - I would - but I'm not trying to." 

He looked at me and said "Do you want to?" 

I gazed into his beautiful hazel eyes - fuck, I was frozen. Frozen by fear, excitement, desire, lust, guilt, craving. Mostly craving. I had never wanted anything more than to dive down on his dick right then and there. But I couldn't respond. My world was frozen. I was sure I would be going home for another date with my right hand.

"Do you want to suck my dick?" he repeated, louder.

"Would you really let me?" I whispered.

"Hell yes I would."

"Then FUCK yes I want to!" I blurted out quickly and loudly. I couldn't believe I said it. I couldn't believe he agreed. Things like this just don't happen to me. Fuucckk!

Before I knew what was happening he had his pants at his ankles. I was almost speechless at what was before my eyes. He was beautiful. His cock was fucking amazing!

"Holy shit Perry, what a fucking cock!" I stammered.

He smiled - he was proud (as he should be). Before my eyes, on this lithe little twink was a 7.5 inch hard cock with shocking girth. From the base, jutting out from his closely cropped pubes, it widened slightly as it approached the middle, then tapered off slightly until it reached a thick flared head. I'm sure it looked even larger because of his slight build. The shaft was pale pink, meaty and veiny. The flared head darker. It was a stunningly beautiful cock - and I wanted it in my mouth. Desperately. 

I again whispered "You'll have to tell me what to do - I haven't had a cock in my mouth in a long, long time." He simply smirked and pushed my face into his crotch. 

I buried my nose between his balls and his thigh - you know the area. My god the smell was intoxicating. I was mesmerized and completely content for a time to just stay on my knees and take in his manly, musky scent. But he had other plans. 

"Lick it" he directed.

I took his cock in my hand, taking notice of its heft, and instinct took over. It was like I had been sucking cock my entire life. I slathered his balls in spit and then sucked each one into my mouth. I then dove into the crease where his balls met his thigh and went to work with my tongue. I was in heaven and, based upon his moaning, he was too. I rubbed this beautiful cock around my face, leaving a trail of pre-cum on my face and lips. I was quickly becoming a cock slut. His cock slut.

I then slowly licked from the base of his shaft to the tip. What a fucking cock. He was leaking profusely as I swiped my tongue across his slit and around his head. I was adDICKted. 

"Suck it - now" he commanded. I eagerly complied. It was now or never - I stared into his beautiful eyes as I took the head into my mouth - so full, so spongy. And then, after giving the head a thorough tongue bath, I went down. Too aggressively; too optimistically. My gag reflex made me pull quickly back - much to his amusement. 

"I love your eagerness, but take your time - I'm not going anywhere."

With that lesson learned, I became a cocksucker. I began to slowly work his cock into my mouth and it seemed so natural, like that is where it belonged. His cock felt so hot, so hard, and yet so velvety soft all at the same time. I bobbed my head in short fast strokes, then thoroughly licked the shaft and head, sucked and licked his heavy balls, then took him back in my mouth for long slow strokes, trying in vain to take that slab of meat into my throat. He was pumping out the pre-cum - I was gladly swallowing all he offered as I continued my new obsession. I tried to maintain eye contact as much as possible - my god those eyes were mesmerizing. He was vocal, directing some of my actions, praising my eagerness and skill, and moaning the sexiest moans I've ever heard. Please don't let this be a dream.

Then he directed me, "Lay on your back - I'm going to fuck your mouth." Holy shit - I feel like I'm in a porn movie. Was this really happening to me? Was this 20 year old twink stud making me submit to his wishes and desires? Fuck yes he was, and I was all in. 

As I lay back, Perry took off his shirt and I saw his completely smooth, defined chest and abs - again, something from my fantasies. Perry then removed his pants from his ankles, straddled my chest, and then did something I was not expecting. He sat on my face - his hole right on my mouth. I had never rimmed anyone - hadn't really ever planned to. "Eat my ass". I didn't hesitate. Holy fuck, from the first tongue swipe across his hole, I was hooked. I loved it; I licked, probed, sucked. He ground is ass into my mouth. He was in control and Jesus it was fucking hot.

After he almost suffocated me with his beautiful ass (that would've been a good way to die), Perry then moved back down my chest and began to slowly feed me his magnificent cock. He was using me to pleasure his fuck stick - that's what it was now - a fuck stick. And he was fucking my face to the point I thought my heart (and dick) would explode from lust overload. Slowly at first, he then began to pick up speed and soon his balls were bouncing off my chin as he drove his cock into my throat. Nothing in my life had prepared me for the overwhelming desire I was feeling. After almost 30 minutes of me pleasuring him with my mouth, Perry drove his cock down my throat and froze. Without any warning, I felt pulse after pulse as he unloaded down my throat. I was dazed, my face covered in spit, and I was gasping for breath. And I reached down to discover that even after my throat had been so roughly assaulted, my cock was hard, as hard as it's ever been. My god he was a fuck machine. My only disappointment was that I didn't get to really taste his seed because he shot it straight down my throat. 

"Take off your pants." he ordered me out of my daze. Again, I eagerly complied.

"The only thing that turns me on more than someone sucking my cock, is sucking cock myself." Perry then dove down on my cock (6 inches and girthy) and took it to the base. He then proceeded to give me a mind-blowing blow job - by far the best I had ever received. Tongue, lips, hands, throat and those eyes - my god. I was ready to marry him and be his bitch forever.

I still don't know why for sure (maybe the alcohol, the nervousness, the guilt - or a combination of the above), but I couldn't cum for the longest time. After his 15 minute assault on my cock, I exploded with the most intense orgasm of my life - and Perry gulped it down. And he appeared happy to do it. 

When I couldn't take any more stimulation, I pushed Perry off and onto his back and for the first time noticed his arm pits. I hadn't ever really thought of arm pits as sexy, but fuck was I wrong. I dove in and devoured his lightly hairy pits. The smell, the texture, the taste drove me wild. I then worked my way down to his chest, with his small nipples hard to the touch. Licking and gently biting as I worked them both over. He moaned as I licked and sucked my way down his completely smooth tight body. I started to take his cock into my mouth, but he pulled his legs back by the knees, again giving me access to his ass - and what an ass. I didn't get to look the first time because he was sitting on my face, but his hole was clean, pink, hairless. I dove in again. I began moving my tongue in circular motions around his pucker, then began fucking him with my tongue. What the fuck has gotten into me - I'm willingly sticking my tongue inside someone's ass - and I don't ever want to stop. Perry is moaning and bucking his hips. Fuuucckk. 

As his moans increased, I took his cock back into my hungry mouth because I was afraid he was going to unload, and I wanted to taste every drop. He was raging hard. I slathered his angry looking cock with spit and took it as deep into my throat as I was able. Over and over and over (he had incredible stamina), feeling every ridge, every vein, tasting his pre-cum. I looked into his eyes as I used my hands, my lips, my tongue, my throat. Anything I could use to achieve my sole focus in life at that moment - for Perry to make my face pregnant - again. But I wanted it in my mouth this time; I wanted to taste it; to savor it. After an exhaustive and exhausting effort, he said the words I craved to hear:

"I'm cumming!" 

I didn't break pace, continuing my favorite new hobby - bobbing on Perry's fat cock. I felt his cock expand and harden even more, and then fill my mouth with his sweet nectar. Shot after shot - maybe 6; fuck, maybe 20 - I don't know - I was drunk with liquor and lust. All I know is that my mouth was flooded. The taste - HIS taste - was unlike anything I had known before- and it was love at first taste. 

"Swallow it" he said. And I swallowed (I never even considered not swallowing this stud's seed) and swallowed and swallowed again. Man, were his balls full!

I continued to nurse on his cock for a few minutes and clean him up, making sure I got every drop of his offering. I looked into his eyes and they were glazed but still mesmerizing. His legs were quivering. 

"Fuck man, that was the best blow job I've ever gotten." 

I said "That was the best blow job I've ever given." 

He told me that I was the only person who had ever made him cum twice during one encounter. (Fuck yes I was!). And I'd do it again; and again; and again if he'd let me. I think part of the reason that I worked so hard to please his was because I didn't want this to be a one time thing. I wanted Perry to want to come back for more. Mission accomplished. 

We laughed and kissed. Not a peck - a deep kiss. And then another, and more. I had never kissed a male. It was, despite all the other things we did that night, my favorite thing. The kisses were full of want and desire. Gentle at times, aggressive at others. Even at my age, this make out session got me hard and ready to go again, but we were out of time.

We then slowly got dressed, made small talk and he left. But not before we made plans to meet again. And we did met again, and again and again. I have become an avid cocksucker for this twink stud. I have lost my anal virginity (at least for the first time with my consent) and loved it. Perry is a talented and caring lover who always makes sure my needs are met (even though I would be content just pleasing him). If I want it rough, he gives it to me rough. If I want a slow sensual fucking, I get that too.

So like I said at the beginning, my life was going along just fine until HE came along...