 I just didn't feel like working that afternoon, so around lunchtime I started complaining about a stomach- ache and said I was going home to bed. There were three other pharmacists in the store that day, so I figured they could do without me. I was driving down the Federal Highway when I passed the mall and saw the foreign movie theatre had a Japanese picture that I wanted to see.

I knew I could never see it at night. Susan, my fiancée, hated foreign films. She said the subtitles gave her a headache. So mostly we just sat around at night in her apartment and watched television until eleven o'clock when I went home and she went to sleep. We still hadn't had sex, because we had decided that we both wanted to be virgins on our wedding night. And that was fine with me. I'm not one of these gross guys who can't control themselves, and would be tearing at her clothes. Not at all. I was perfectly satisfied to wait. I know you think it's funny that a twenty-five year old guy with blond hair, blue eyes and a nice build is still a virgin, but I believe sex should only be used as an expression of married love and for having a child.

The parking lot at the mall wasn't crowded, so I was able to get a spot right near the theatre. I locked the car door and walked over to buy a ticket. Then I went inside. At first I couldn't see, having come in from the sunlight. But as my eyes became accustomed to the dark I could see the theatre was pretty empty. "Great," I thought. "no one to bother me. I can really concentrate on the picture." I walked down to the third row (I like to be close) and took a seat in the middle of the row. There was no one within ten rows of me. That's the way I like to see a movie. 

I was just getting into the film, when about twenty minutes later, this guy comes in and walks down to the third row, and damned if he doesn't walk into the row and sit down right next to me. With a thousand empty seats in the theatre, he decides to sit right next to me. Great. I looked at him out of the corner of my eye. He was a really big buy, about 6 feet 3 inches. I was only about 5 foot 10. He was wearing some kind of uniform. I didn't know what it was, but it wasn't just a shirt and a pair of pants like I was wearing. 

He was massive and powerful looking, and I felt a little overwhelmed. Big strong legs, strong muscular arms. You could see the muscles because his shirt sleeves were rolled up. He was a handsome guy with a head full of thick red hair, which you could see was a great color even in the dark theatre. He seemed totally oblivious to the fact that we were sitting next to each other and he seemed to be concentrating on the picture. See. You can never tell. To look at him you would never have suspected that this guy would be interested in Japanese films. He was the kind of guy you would think would buy tickets to a movie like Charley's Angels, with those three hot girls and all that action-adventure stuff.

I went back to concentrating on my Japanese movie, when about ten minutes later, I felt something pressing against my leg, slightly. I looked down. It was his leg. Well, he was a big guy and I guess he needed a little extra room, and he probably didn't even realize his leg was touching me. I decided to just ignore it. 

Little by little I became more and more conscious of that leg. Was he pressing harder, or was it my imagination? I moved my right leg a teeny bit, until I couldn't feel his leg any more, and went back to watching the movie. About five minutes later, I felt it again. Could it be that this wasn't an accident? Why would somebody do that? Did he want to rob me or something? I began to get a little nervous. At the same time, I was getting other strange feelings. I could feel my heart beating a little fast, and there was a little film of sweat on my forehead. My throat started to get dry, and I gave a little cough. When I coughed, his leg really started to press against mine. I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to get up and move. That would really be impolite. I would just continue to sit there and try to ignore the pressure. 

I started to sweat a little more and I could feel my penis getting stiff. Terrific. In the middle of a Japanese movie sitting next to this big guy, I had a tremendous urge to jerk off, which obviously I could not do just at this moment. I peeked out of the corner of my eye again, and I thought the guy was looking down into my lap at my stiff prick pressing against the fly of my pants and, I guess, making a noticeable bulge there. 

Then, a really strange thing happened. His leg started moving against mine. Not just resting now, but really moving, up and down massaging the side of my right leg, pressing harder and harder. My throat was so dry, and my penis was practically bursting. I furtively turned my head slightly and gave him a quick glance. He turned his face toward me for a second and gave me a big grin. I smiled back, because I didn't want to seem rude and unfriendly, and went back to trying to watch the movie. Good luck. How can you watch a Japanese movie, when somebody's leg is moving up and down pressed against yours? A big, tall guy about 40 years old, and so good looking, not that I cared about that.

This went on for another ten minutes or so. I thought I was going to die right there in the movie theatre. Suddenly, something else happened. His hand grabbed mine and brought it over to his lap and put it down on what I could feel was his hard cock inside his rough pants. He kept his hand on top of mine and kept moving my hand back and forth on his lap. I didn't know what to do. I didn't dare look at him. I tried to pretend that I was concentrating on the movie and didn't really know what was happening to me. Out of the corner of my eye I could see he was also watching the film, and smiling again. It was a mean kind of smile, not a happy kind of smile.

What was under my hand seemed like a monster. It was hard to tell without seeing it but it felt very long and very thick. I was wondering how thick it really was, but I just kept my hand flat. I didn't want to close my hand around it or this big strong masculine guy might think I was queer or something. I just kept trying to measure it in my mind. 

"Great picture, isn't it?" he whispered in my right ear.

"Yes. It's really good." I answered quietly but hoarsely. My throat was getting drier and drier. I was afraid I was going to choke. Too bad I didn't bring my little bottle of spring water, which I usually carry.

"It's going to get even better," he whispered.

"Is it?" I asked naively. "Have you seen this before?"

He didn't answer me. He just laughed. I was puzzled.

This went on for a few more minutes, with his hand moving my hand around in his lap, feeling his hot cock through his pants, then he put his right hand over mine and moved his left behind my back, grasping my left arm. "Come on," he said. "Let's go." He stood up, lifting me with him.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"Someplace nice," he answered.

"But what about the movie? I didn't see it all."

"You can come back and see it tomorrow. Right now, we've got better things to do."

I didn't know what could be any better than a movie, but he was sort of forcibly dragging me up the aisle with his arm around my shoulder, while I kept turning my head trying to look back at the screen. 

"Forget the damned movie, you moron. Let's go," he hissed. 

I didn't answer. I just kept letting him pull me along. Towards the back of the theatre some old guy gave us a funny look, and my new friend smiled at him and said quietly "just watch the fucking movie. Okay?" The old guy nodded and turned his eyes back to the screen. 

He dragged me out into the sunlight and I tried to shield my eyes. Near my car, I saw this great big eighteen-wheel truck parked, and we were heading toward it. I realized he must be a truck driver, and this must be his truck. I had never been in a big truck like that, and I was kind of looking forward to climbing up and sitting in that high seat, but we were headed towards the back of the truck. Still holding me, he lifted a bar and swung open the big door. "Climb in," he said as he shifted his other hand under my ass and boosted me up into the back of the truck. It was empty back there. There was only a great big soiled-looking mattress on the floor. He pushed me over onto it harshly, pulled the doors shut, and lit a lantern he had back there. He stood over me, grabbing my hand again and putting it right back on the fly of his pants, and kept moving my hand up and down, slowly, looking at me. Just looking at me. Staring into my eyes. 

"Get on your knees," he ordered. I did what he said. "Now, why don't you pull the zipper down," he added. "Go ahead. Do it!" I didn't think I had any choice in the matter, so I obeyed. This was really embarrassing. 

"What do I do now?" I asked.

"You don't know?" he asked back.

"How would I know?" I asked again.

"You really are a little dunce, aren't you?

"I guess so." I shrugged my shoulders.

"Why don't you start by opening my belt, you little asshole?" He wasn't being very nice. "Now, just lower my pants down to the floor. Okay?"

"Okay," I said following his orders. He was standing there looming above me with his strong legs in front of me, and his short white underpants. He grabbed my head and pressed it against his groin. I sensed a warm muskiness, as he rubbed my lips and nose back and forth against that lump, and I was starting to get excited. I don't know what was making me so excited, but I was. 

"You see my under shorts?" he asked. I looked up at him and nodded. "Take your little hands, and roll them down my legs."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Do it!" 

I did it, and right there in front of my eyes is this enormous penis. About 11 inches long and as thick as my wrist. I swear.

"Kiss it," he demanded.

"Kiss it?" 

"Just do it!" Again, I followed his instructions and started kissing around the head of his big penis, as he pressed my head into it.

"Use your tongue," he ordered. "Lick it, guy." I started licking it. It was kind of an interesting experience. As I was licking it, I was getting off on the heat of it and the taste of it. This was something different than I had ever done. I brought one hand up, and grasped the gigantic instrument firmly as I was licking around it. He maneuvered around so that his hug balls were in front of my mouth, and he forced my mouth over one of them. "Yeah. That's right," he groaned. "Suck my goddamn balls, you little faggot" I cringed when I heard that word, but I didn't dare pull my mouth away. "Yeah, run your hot tongue all around my balls. That's it. That's right. Oh, man. That's so fucking good. Suck those balls. Do the other one. Go ahead. Oh, yeah I fucking love this. Suck, suck, suck, baby. You really know how to get your daddy off, don't you?" He tilted my head so that my eyes flashed up into his, as he smiled. I nodded, as I continued to suck on his juicy balls.

"Now, back to my cock, baby. He pulled my head up towards the point of what he was calling his cock. "Now open your mouth big, sweetheart, and let daddy put that inside. Okay?"

"Okay," I whispered and than opened my mouth as wide as I possibly could as he slowly eased the big thing over my tongue and towards the back of my mouth.

"That's it, honey. Now you're doing it. You like it?" I wanted to answer yes, but I couldn't talk with that big thick thing filling my oral cavity, so I just made strange little noises as I slurped away. He was moving my head backward and forward on the big rod, and each time, he sneakily pushed it in a little bit deeper than before. I have a little bit of a gag reflex and I was starting to choke.

"Too deep for you?" he asked. 

"Yes," I tried to answer, not very successfully. 

"You'll get used to it," He assured. And he held it in place in my throat without moving for almost ten minutes. Then, slowly he started moving again, getting it deeper and deeper. I was really choking on it, but I was taking it. He did something with the position of my head and neck, and shoved almost the whole thing down my throat. I gagged, but I recovered. I could feel his big knob hitting the back of my throat, and I know this sounds crazy, but I was kind of pleased with myself for being able to do this trick.

"Suck on it, baby. Suck on it," he urged. With the front of my mouth I tried to make sucking motions on the shaft, as the tip was buried down my throat. He fucked my mouth for about ten minutes, moaning and groaning. "Oh, yeah, honey. You do that so good. You know how to make your man feel real good. Don't you?"

I made more mouth noises, as the saliva spilled out of my mouth all around his fantastic stick.

"I know what you want," he said. "You want me to shoot my big thick hot load of cum right down your gullet, don't you?"

I looked up at him, a question in my eyes. I hadn't thought of that.

"Oh, yeah. That's what you want, all right. Daddy knows what his baby wants. You want that whole hot load running down your little throat into your belly. That's what you want." He paused for a moment, still fucking my mouth. "But I don't think we're going to do that." Slowly he withdrew the enormous pole from my mouth. "Can you guess what we're going to do?" he asked.

"No," I admitted. "I don't know."

"Daddy's gonna fuck his little baby, okay?"

"What do you mean?" I asked warily.

"Daddy's gonna stick his big thick cock up your tight little ass, okay?"

"I don't think so," I mumbled nervously.

"You don't think so---what does that mean?"

"I can't do that. That thing is way too big," I answered. 

"It's not TOO big," he said. "Between the two of us I know we can get it in."

"No, I can't" I insisted. I tried to get up. "I'm not going to do it," I said.

"Oh, yes you are," he said pushing me back down."

"I'm not going to do it," I said again. Suddenly he smacked me across the face. A hard smack. 

"You're going to do it, all right. Or else I'm going to hurt you. I'm going to hurt you real bad. You understand me?"

"Yes," I answered. I felt a tear rolling down my left cheek where he had slapped me.

"Get up and take off your pants," he said. "That's right. That's a good boy." He patted me on top of my head. "Now the underpants. That's right. Get 'em off. Wow. What a nice little ass. I'm gonna really enjoy myself here." He rubbed his hand firmly and lovingly all around my rear end. "Now take off everything else and lie down," he said pointing down at the mattress. I looked nervously at his giant erection and followed his orders, lying face down on the mat, and feeling a spring digging through the material at the level of my chest. Little by little, he took off all his own clothes, and when he was completely bare, he said down on the backs of my thighs with his weapon pointing at my little untouched asshole. 

"I'm gonna make it real easy for you," He said. "Daddy's gonna give his little guy a lot of pleasure. You don't even know how much you're gonna love this, honey." 

I sobbed slightly, knowing very well that he was going to rip my guts and that I would be in agony, and would probably have to go to the hospital. And how would I explain this? I ran into a doorknob???

He reached over and pulled some stuff out of his pants pocket. There was a tube of KY Jelly. I know what that is. I'm a pharmacist. It's used for lubricating the internal mucous membranes of the body. He opened the top and I could hear him slathering it all over his big dick. Then I had this funny cool feeling in the center of my being. Cool, but also warm. His hot finger was easing the cool gel gently into my asshole. A little bit at a time. First the tip of the finger, then the knuckle –then more gel, and the whole finger sank in and moved back and forth in my hole. I couldn't help it, but I moaned a little—it was starting to feel nice. "How's that, baby? You like that?" he asked. 

"It's okay," I answered, not wanting to appear too enthusiastic.

"Just okay?" he asked slyly. And now I felt a second finger join the first. I decided to just lie there and let him have his way. Two fingers. Back and forth. Back and forth. Now three fingers. Back and forth. Back and forth. Working his hand around to gently enlarge my anal opening. Then I felt his pinky finger slide in also, and he just kept rotating his hand around, spreading the sphincter muscle. Working it open, working it open until in would be big enough to take his crazy sex organ. I moaned a little more, and starting rotating my ass around his fingers. Trying to take more and more. Was my ass enjoying this? Then slowly he withdrew his long digits from the cavity and I felt a blast of empty air for a second. But only a second. Because right away I felt the tip of that big monster, pressing slowly at the door, seeking entrance into my hitherto pure body. It pushed and it pushed trying to ease into the hallway, then something happened and the very tip of the head got in. But he wasn't going to stop there. No way. More pressure. More pressure. Then more of the head was in, then more—then oh, my god, the whole enormous head of his dick was inside of me. And it hurt like hell. 

"No," I screamed. "It hurts. Take it out."

"Sshhh," he soothed. "Daddy's just gonna hold it in this spot for a few minutes until baby's ass get used to it. Okay?"

"It hurts," I cried. "Oh, it hurts."

"Sshhh. Sshhh." He patted my cheek with tremendous tenderness and even bent his head down to lick my ear. While this was happening, my head which was turned to the side saw his hand reach out and grasp a little brown bottle. I heard him opening the bottle above my head, and then his hand with the bottle was down in front of my face, pressing the bottle into my left nostril as he closed off my right nostril with his other hand. "Sniff it in," he said. Then he switched and did my other nostril. 

I felt a hot flush. My whole body was bathed in a warm glow, and my mind was off somewhere, and my whole consciousness was centered on the delicious warm plug in the center of my asshole. He felt me relax and eased more of it inside me. Then he gave me another two-nostril hit from the little brown bottle, and ecstatically I felt the whole machine glide easily inside me. He started with a gentle to and fro motion, grinding his body against my buttocks as his big balls hit against mine on the downstroke. I was moaning and moaning, discovering the most incredible sensations that my body had ever experienced. "Oh, god. This is wonderful. What joy! What Joy! Fuck me! Fuck me" I thought, but I didn't say it. I just didn't want him to know how much I was loving this.

I felt his movements start to speed up, and now he was pounding into me. His tight belly resting on my asscheeks and on the small of my back as he hunched and hunched his powerful thighs, digging his cock into my body deeper than you would have thought possible. "Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my ass, daddy. Fuck your baby's ass. I want it. I want it. I want all your hot load deep inside my ass, running down into my intestinal tract. Come inside me. I want your hot cum in my ass. I want it! I want it! " This time I didn't just think it. I said it out loud as I was screaming in pleasure, that big thick dick scratching the long itch all the way down my asshole.

"You want it? Well this time you're gonna get it. Your gonna get my big thick hot load all the way up your tight little asshole." And with that he slowed down a little and really started to hunch his hips, grinding himself to completion. What heaven. I swear I could feel his whole big thick cock swelling even more, inside my body, and then I felt blast after blast of hot male juice shooting into my canal. I squeezed my asshole down on his rod to milk it and get every drop that was in there, all the time gasping for breath and even sobbing a little. I guess all good things come to an end, and bit by bit I felt that magnificent hammer withdraw itself from my body as it lost it's incredible rigidity. As he pulled his thick needle from my rear end, suddenly I felt a spasm, and all of a sudden, quite unexpectedly, my own measly little load of cum, dribbled pitifully out of my average size semi-hard dick, making yet another stain on the—all right let me say it---on the already filthy cum-stained mattress. 
