 Everyone knows Bobby and I are friends, but the don't know how close of friends were are. He's known about my crossdressing for sometime because we have been lovers for that long. 

One weekend my folks were away Bobby called me and asked if I'd like to get dressed up and go to the movies. At first I balked at the idea of going out in public dressed up, even though I do pass for a girl, but he told me he was going to take me to the adult movie theater that is open all night. he said we would go late enough where there wouldn't be a lot of people. Also the theater as private booths for couples. I really was then turned on by the idea, but I pretended I needed coaxing into it. Bobby talks so dirty to me then. Finally I agreed to the date.

As the minutes grew closer to our date I became more and more aroused. I decided to wear the bear minimum. I dressed in my white bra with matching stockings and garter belt. I put on my make up and long blond wig. 

It was 2:00 a.m. when Bobby knocked on the door. I put on my oversized rain coat and hat then opened the door. Bobby smiled as he me how eager I was to be going out with him. "Mmm..I can't wait to see what's under that coat," he purred to me as he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me towards him. As our lips touched our mouths opened. His tongue entered my mouth and wetly petted mine. I felt my cock spring to life as well as Bobby's bulge as he pressed it against me. Bobby broke our embrace and said, "Let's go Shelly".

As we rode to the theater I was practically sitting on Bobby's lap as he drove. My left hand gently massaging his hard on through his jeans. "Excited baby?!," he said smiling. "I am so hot Bobby..I can hardly control myself," I told him.

We pulled into the parking lot beside the theater. I was glad to see that there were only 3 other vehicles parked. Bobby walked up to the ticket booth as I stood behind him. "A private booth please," Bobby requested to the teller. The man in the booth glanced behind Bobby to get a look at me. He smiled at Bobby took his money then gave him a key. "Enjoy the show," he then said giving Bobby a wink. Bobby turned to me and replied, "We sure will". I took Bobby's hand and we walked into the theater.

Bobby and I raced up the stairs to our booth. As I entered behind him he locked the door. The room was dark except for the light shown in from the movie screen. There was a medium size couch facing the screen where a girl was doing some serious cock sucking. Bobby and I sat on the couch. The aroma of dried cum permeated from the cloth of the couch was intoxicating. Bobby and I began kissing passionately. Our tongues moved in and out of each other’s mouths, our hands moved up and down groping at the others body. Bobby undid my belt and opened my coat. He wrapped the fingers of his right hand around the shaft of my stiff cock and began to jerk me off. "Oh Bobby," I hissed as he pumped my dick up and down.

Bobby stood and began to strip off his clothes. I took the coat off and spread my legs apart and began to play with myself. The sound of the girl sucking the cock in the movie caught me attention for a moment and I looked at the screen. When I looked back at Bobby he was now naked. I sat up and took hold of his rod in my right hand opened my mouth and put his dick in my mouth. I then moved my hands to the cheeks of his gorgeous ass as I bobbed my head back and forth. Bobby put his hands on the sides of my head and guided me as I sucked him. "Yea Shelly...that's it..take my cock baby...suck that dick girl," he softly spoke. The loud sound of the guy in the movie groaning as he was receiving his blowjob encouraged me as I sucked Bobby's bone.

I let Bobby's cock out of my mouth and pushed my face into his spit-covered rod. I moved my head side to side rubbing his cock into my face. "Oh Bobby fuck me..fuck me with your cock," I pleaded with him. I felt like such a slut begging to be fucked in a dark dank dirty XXX rated movies house.

Bobby reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a small tube of lube and sat down next to me. He poured a dab of it on the head of his hard on and I lovingly used my hand to apply the lotion on his cock. I then straddled his lap and spread my ass. I opened my mouth and breathed deep as I felt his head slowly penetrate me. I moaned lowly as I eased my body down impaling myself on his stiff dick. I placed my hands on the back of the couch and slowly started humping my hips up and down. I squeezed my ass muscles together to better feel Bobby's cock drilling my butt. Bobby took the bottle of lube and poured some of it on my cock and started jacking me off. This caused me to squeal every time I humped down on him. 

Faster and faster he jerked my cock up and down and I kept pace by fucking him just as fast. Finally Bobby pulled his head back and groaned loudly as I felt his cock shot loads of hot cum inside me. The sensation was more than I could control as I was moaned louder and louder until I cried out, "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh," as my cum jettison out of my cock and spurted over Bobby's chest.

We cuddled on the couch watching the rest of the movie when Bobby said that we should make a movie of our own. So we headed to my parent's home and....