 Hey! My name is Jaymes and I am just dying to tell you about my first encounter with my lover, Ben.

I was a Freshman in college and a theater major. I was in the production week of one of the shows I was starring in, when I met this guy. He was about 6' tall with medium length blonde hair, green eyes, and a muscular build. He was wearing all black, which really showed off his sexy muscles on his arms. I later discovered his name was Ben and he was lighting the show for us. 

During our lunch break, I took my chances and hunted down this cute guy in the lighting booth. I knew he'd be alone, since no one else was allowed to work up there except for the techies. Everyone else had left for lunch, so he was up there playing with the lights. I climbed the ladder to the booth and took a deep breath as I stepped through the door. I guess I caught Ben off guard, because he jumped a little bit and I saw his hand quickly move from his crotch to the table. He flicked one of the windows off on his computer and smiled at me nervously.

"Hey, Jay! How are ya?" Ben eyed me closely. I could see that, through his black jeans, a lump was forming. I couldn't help but put my hand in my pocket and re-adjust my growing erection. 

"Fine, Ben. No one was doing anything exciting for lunch, so I stayed behind. Need some help?"

"Nah, just checking some things out on the internet here... needed some... uh... gels for the lights before the show!" Ben looked a bit flustered.

I looked at Ben suspiciously and tried for a sly comment and a smooth line. "Really? That's cool. Ya know, I was once a light tech myself in high school. Lemme check and see what you're getting, so I can make sure that it's the right stuff." Before Ben could utter a word, I reached over and quickly clicked the window open of what he was looking at. Ben turned about ten shades of red as I got a look at what he was checking out. A picture of two hot guys in the shower feeling each others cocks and getting soaped up filled the screen. I grinned to myself and turned to Ben. "Looking for gels, eh?" Ben looked down at his lap in embarrassment. "Hey, man, that's cool. You know, I think I've seen this site before. I really love this picture, don't you? My cock's about the size of his." I watched Ben's eyes light up, half in amazement and half in disbelief, while I pointed to a picture of a guy with a 7" dick.

"You mean, you're...?" Ben started.

"Gay? Oh sure... have been ever since high school. I was on the football team for a while and couldn't stand staring at all those gorgeous guys in the locker room everyday. Gave me a hard on that was sure to cause some trouble if I kept it up. So I dropped the team and started acting. Found out you could meet a lot of accepting people in this field."

"Well, I am straight, man." Ben turned his eyes from my gaze.

"And is that why your cock is buldging out of your jeans like that?" I asked quickly. Ben smiled sheepishly and shrugged.

"So maybe I think of guys now and then. I've never done anything with them." Ben answered me.

"Well, no one's around. Wanna try something?" I asked devilishly. Before Ben could protest, I bent down and kissed his cheek and then lightly kissed his lips. He returned the kiss warmly, filling my mouth with his tongue, playing with me feverishly. I felt his hands reach up and grope for my cock through my pants. I shushed him and knelt down. Unzipping his pants, I watched as his 8" dick sprang from his crotch. My delighted eyes grew wide and I flicked at the head with my tongue. 

I watched as Ben moaned while the pre-cum oozed from the tip. I poked my tongue in the little hole and swirled it in his juices. In one quick motion, I took his entire length down my throat and sucked firmly and slowly. Ben was near screaming, and I squeezed his balls lightly and sucked each one in my mouth. I doubt he knew what was happening, but, in no time, he was moaning in pleasure as his cum spurted out from his cock and covered my face and tongue. I smiled and licked it all up. Ben sighed and reached for me. I kissed him and let him taste his own cum.

"I wanna please you, Jay! I wanna feel your cock!" Ben sighed and kissed me back. 

"Do you still have your key to every room in the theater?" I asked.

"Yes."

"Even the catwalk?"

"Yes."

"Then come with me." I led Ben to the door which opened to the catwalk above the theater. He unlocked the door and we climbed the ladder to the platform that was suspended over where the audience sits. From that height, we could see a few of the actors returning from lunch, so we kept it quiet. I pulled Ben's jeans down to his ankles and told him to bend over. I licked from his balls up the sensitive skin all the way to his puckered hole. I flicked my tongue around it, and heard Ben try and suppress a groan. I got his ass all nice a wet with my saliva and slapped his cheeks a few times with my rock solid dick. 

Slowly, I pressed a finger into his asshole and felt Ben tense up. He eventually got used to the pressure and loosened up enough for me to fit two fingers all the way in his ass. He was groaning, but biting his lip to keep from attracting attention from the others below us. I touched the tip of my cock to his hole and pushed gently. It slipped in without difficulty and I slowly moved the length of my shaft in and out. Ben began to get used to the feeling and he was bucking his hips back, urging me to thrust harder and faster. I could see Ben grabbing at his cock, and the sight of this turned me on so much. I could feel his ass shutting itself around my cock. It was so tight and warm, and I was getting close. 

I told Ben I was gonna cum soon, so he began pulling on his dick faster and faster. I couldn't contain it anymore. I began to feel that telltale throbbing in my balls and I shot off all over his ass, covering him globes with milky cum. It wasn't long before Ben came as well. However, he was aimed in a not so opportune direction and he blew his load right off of the catwalk. I watched as it fell directly onto my friend, Jake's, neck. He looked up quickly to see me and Ben half naked on the platform. A huge grin came across Jake's face and he began walking out of the theater and towards the door to the catwalk, adjusting his growing erection as he went...