 Trembling with excitement, he fumbled with the stranger's zipper. He had waited so long for this, and he could barely contain his lust. The stranger had already stripped off his shirt, revealing a tanned and sculpted body rippling with powerful muscle. He felt his lust flare even more. The stranger's handsome face broke into a wicked grin. "See how bad you want my cock," he jeered. "Man, you're one hungry faggot..." he chuckled.

Finally, he managed to tug off the tight jeans. A skimpy pair of black underwear was all that concealed the stranger's cock. It made a big, obscene bulge in the thin fabric, which couldn't hide the thick, curly black pubic hair at the beginning at the waistband. It looked delicious. He reached for it, but the stranger grabbed his hand, menacingly. "Not so fast..." he said, tauntingly. Slowly, he sat on the couch and spread his powerful legs wide, invitingly. 

"Beg for it," he said.

"Please, let me suck your cock. I need it bad," he said.

"You mean this?" the stranger teased, as he playfully grabbed the huge bulge. "Get on your fuckin' knees, bitch," the stranger commanded. He got on his knees, his face level with the bulge. 

"Smell it, fucker," the stranger ordered. He inhaled deeply. The smell was heavenly – a musky and ripe mix of sweat and cum, and it further aroused his already incredibly horny senses. The stranger's hardening cock was now clearly visible as it strained within its tight confines. Unable to stand it any more, he pulled down the waistband of the skimpy bikini briefs, and the stranger's hard cock flounced out with such force that it hit his chin. He gasped in delight at the size and thickness of it – eight inches of brown, throbbing and veined suckling fun, protruding from a dense thicket of jet black cockfur, so hard and erect that it pointed directly in his face. The stranger's balls were two big, round furry eggs which somehow anchored the beautiful cock at its base, gathered and heavy in its loose, velvety pouch of skin. The magnificent eight inches was crowned with a big pink cockhead, which partly disappeared each time the stranger stroked his shaft as his uncut foreskin slid up and down, brown and pink...up and down...brown and pink...

"Don't you want to touch it...?" the stranger asked softly.

His heart pounded with excitement as he reached for it. Then, at first contact with the hard cock, he almost came just from touching it. The stranger's cock was hard as steel and hot to touch. As he clenched it in his fist and jerked it, the cock felt turgid and springy, like a well developed muscle. He wanted to masturbate it smoothly and erotically, but his unbridled excitement compelled him to grope it, to feel it and squeeze it. It was big and firm, and it felt so right in his hands. Clenching the cock in a crude fist-fuck, he watched in lustful fascination how the foreskin gathered at the top with each upward stroke, obscuring the cocktip. Then, as he stroked downward, the cocktip reemerged like a blooming rose. He did this quickly, then slowly, and the effect each time was different. The stranger chuckled softly in amusement.

He thwacked the heavy shaft against the stranger's navel to play with his balls. Compared to his own, the stranger's balls were enormous. They hung pendulously between his muscular thighs. There was something very macho and manly about the stranger's huge balls, they were the big balls of a wild daredevil – the big balls of a big, bad boy. His lust soared as he cupped and squeezed the stranger's balls, feeling the little curly black hairs, the same color as his pubes and eyebrows. He scratched and tickled them, massaged them and slapped them, and just watched as they hung beneath the stranger's powerful fuck tool, full and ripe with the cockjuice he will later swallow.

"You like my cock, huh? Now THIS is what a real man's cock looks like, bitch. Suck it."

As the stranger cock's slid into his mouth, the stranger sighed and leaned back in relaxation. He folded his arms behind his head and closed his eyes, saying "Yeah...SUCK that cock, you little faggot. Mmmmm...this is your favourite huh? Yeah... Ooooooh, that's it, up and down, up and down...tickle the head, mmmmmm...fuck...". 

Spurned on by his erotic encouragement, he sucked and licked the cock feverishly, tickling the head and licking the shaft. He played with cock for a long time before servicing the stranger's big hairy balls, each of which he suckled exquisitely. All the while the stranger was enjoying the blow, undulating his hips, trying to fuck his mouth. He patiently allowed him to kiss his muscled body, suck his nipples and lick his sweaty armpit before pushing his head back for him to eat more of his rock hard fuckstick. 

Sucking deep, he could taste the stranger's delicious precum. Closing his eyes, he began to deep throat the stranger's cock, slowly, right to the balls, his lips tugging sweetly and wet on the pulsating shaft. Lodged deep within his mouth, the stranger's cockhead tickled his tonsils. He plucked out the wet cock and lifted it upwards, giving access to the stranger's balls. He loved the balls best, and he sucked and played with each one. The stranger's balls were big and full within a soft ball sack covered in a sprinkling of black cockfur. They felt so soft and warm and tasted slightly salty as he licked and mouthed each one. Then, he'd cup the balls and watch the stranger's precum slide down the shaft onto the balls before licking the precious liquid. The stranger's balls looked so beautiful hanging soft yet firm between his powerful thighs. He couldn't get enough of fondling, eating and scratching those balls. He pulled on them, twanged them, and molded them into all kinds of interesting shapes with his fingers.

"Stop playing with my fuckin nuts and eat my dick," the stranger ordered.

He slurped in the stranger's cock and savored the sensation. This was his favourite thing in the world – sucking cock. He loved everything about it – the filthy intimacy of someone's cock in his mouth was pure sex. He sucked it hard, loving the intrusion of the stranger's hot, solid pole of meat fucking the warm wetness of his mouth. He was an expert cocksucker, and the stranger could barely contain his ecstasy as the blowjob became more and more urgent.

After a while of cocksucking, he asked the stranger if he was ready to cum.

"Hell yeah, I'm ready to fill your mouth with my cream," he answered.

"But this is the best fucking cum of your life, I promise you. You have to be really ready for it" he said. 

The stranger scoffed. "Show me what you got," he said.

"Are you sure you're ready for it?"

"Just do it motherfucker".

He took a deep breath and gripped both sides of the couch for support. He blew on the stranger's cock until it quivered and throbbed in anticipation. Suddenly, in one swift movement, he slurped in the whole cock and sucked it so hard that he felt the stranger's cock lodge on the roof of his mouth. The stranger gasped at the force of the sucking, and had to restrain from buckling his hips. He felt the urge to cum immediately. The stranger shouted:

"Oh fuck yeah. FUCK yeah. That's it. FUCK YEAH. Fuck it all, just suck it, oh yeah FUCK! MOTHERFUCKER SUCK MY FUCKING COCK! I'M GONNA FUCKING CUM IN YOUR FUCKING MOUTH!!!!

Cupping the stranger's balls, he continued the rough sucking. His cheeks were inverted from the effort of the sucking, which made a loud and wet squelching noise. His brows were furrowed with concentration, and all he could focus on was the stranger's pulsating cock. With each forcible suck the stranger felt closer and closer to orgasm, all the while shouting "FUCK!!!" and pulling his hair. Finally after only a few more moments, he came – hard. The stranger roared as his cock erupted, the first spurt hit the back of his throat so hard he gagged. Spurt after satisfied spurt of hot white cum, jetting deep into the mouth of the blissfully happy cocksucker...who later snuggled into the warmth of the stranger's arms for a nap...a big, cum-stained grin on his face.