 I had been talking to him via instant messenger for some time now and we had discussed my fantasy of being raped several times. I had told him that I would be in his city for work in a couple of weeks and would like to get together with him if possible.

When I got to the hotel and settled in I messaged him and told him the room number. He told me to set up my laptop and videocam and to begin broadcasting myself stroking my cock. He was logged onto the same broadcast and watching and directing me online. He made sure I had left the door to my room unlocked for him. He had me put my mask and neck/wrist restraints on and lay on the bed with my dildo in my ass and the camera trained on me for everyone to see, and wait for his arrival.

I heard him enter the room. He began talking to me. He was saying, well well, what have we here? I heard him removing his clothes and then felt his weight on the bed with me. He straddled my chest and began slapping his hard cock across my face and telling me that he was going to fuck my mouth and then my pussy. I struggled but it was no use, he forced his cock into my mouth. He used my mouth like a cunt and just kept fucking in and out of it. His cock began to swell and he shouted that he was going to cum. His hips bucked uncontrollably as his cock began to spurt his cum into my mouth and I tried to swallow as much as I could to keep from choking but he was cumming too much and a lot of it was running out of my mouth and down my chin. When he was through he took his cock out and rubbed it all over my face, spreading his cum around and telling me what a cum slut I was.

He got off of me and said to get ready for round two as he had taken a little blue pill and was still hard. I told him I had had enough that I really didn't want to be raped after all and begged him to let me go. He took off the mask and told me he wanted me to see what he was doing. He laughed and began messaging online about what a good cocksucker I was and how he was going to make me beg him to fuck my pussy. He told people he would put up my location when he was done with me and they could fuck me if they wanted to. I begged him not to do that and I would do anything he wanted if he wouldn't give out my location, he just laughed and typed in the city for all to see. The screen began to flicker with replies asking for the address. He then laughed some more and began undoing my wrist restraints. 

He then tied me spread eagled on the bed with two pillows under my ass to raise it for easier access. I saw his next message online. It said, If he doesn't beg me to fuck him I will post the name of the hotel where he is. He then turned to me and began to fuck me with the dildo asking me if I wanted the real thing as he was ready to fuck me now both hard and deep, breeding me with his baby seed. I still refused to beg him and he pulled the dildo out and roughly shoved his hard cock in in one one hard push. I screamed as he began fucking me hard. The pain slowly began to feel pleasurable and I began to fuck back. Just when I was starting to enjoy it he stopped and asked me what I wanted from him. I said I wanted him to fuck me. He said then beg me. I still refused to beg

him for it. He pulled out of me and went to the computer. I watched him type in the name of the hotel and hit enter, again the requests for more information came across the screen. He then said do you want me to continue fucking you? If so then beg for it or I give them the room # and he began typing room # and hit enter again. He typed in the room # and before hitting enter he came back to me and pushed his cock all the way into my pussy

with one hard push. I moaned and pushed back at it and said please fuck me, breed me please! It didn't take him

long before he started to shoot his hot load of baby seed deep into me. He pushed in and then stopped moving as he shot load after load deep inside me. I shot a load of my own cum all over my stomach and just lay still breathing heavy as he slowly pulled out of me. He then began to dress and I asked him to please let me go. He laughed and said no, I think I will give them what they want instead. My eyes opened wide as he hit the enter button and sent the room # out to everyone, then left me there.

I could see the screen as I struggled to free myself. The messages were moving across the screen telling me that that person would be over to use me soon and then that person would log off and another one would do the same.

I finally gave up trying to get loose after about 20 minutes of no results and just resigned myself to my fate.

Sure enough after about 30 minutes two guys walked in. They stripped and as one forced his cock into my mouth the other one slid his cock into my pussy and began to fuck me. It wasn't long before they both shot off into my holes, got up and sent a message online saying that I was indeed a good fuck, then left leaving the door wide open.

For the next several hours I was fucked in each hole and in every imaginable position by at least a dozen men. 

About 5am my original friend came back and fucked me one more time before freeing me so I could go to work.

As he was leaving I told him I would let him know when I would be back again. He said well, I have some great ideas for the next time and you will get even more cock and cum in you then.