 One day after a morning workout at the gym I had just stepped out of the shower and was getting dressed. I thought I was alone when all of a sudden two black guys that I noticed while working out came in from the shower. They were much bigger than me. I couldn't help but notice their cocks. They were huge. 

One guy looked at me and noticed that I was looking at his cock. The other guy grabbed me and forced me to my knees and held me there. I was scared to death but excited all at the same time. Immediately my cock began to harden. The first guy grabbed his cock and forced it into my mouth. I tried to spit it out but they were not having any of it. The guy holding my arms grabbed my hair and forced me up. 

My mouth was open and quickly filled with cock. I couldn't breathe as he slammed his cock down my throat. They only laughed as I choked. Pretty soon I relaxed my throat muscles and was able to take it. I started to massage his balls as he quickened his pace. His balls tightened up and I knew he would cum soon. That's when he pulled out and shot a huge load all over my face and chin. 

He told me to clean his cock up and clean myself up because I wasn't finished. I put his cock back in my mouth and cleaned it with my tongue. I also wiped my face off. The guy who just came told the other guy that he knew I was a little white faggot and was dying to suck our cocks. The next guy forced me back on my knees and told me it as his turn. 

His cock was twice as large as the first guy. I was afraid I wouldn't be able to take it and I was soon put to the test. He slammed it to the back of my throat and I almost passed out. I didn't get time to enjoy this. He was taking me. I again started to relax my throat when he screamed get ready bitch. That's when I felt stream after stream of hot cum shoot down my throat and into my belly. I didn't even get to taste it. 

They finally let me go and I thought that was it, when they noticed how hard my cock was. They thought my little prick was pathetic. They told me to take my underwear off and jerk my cock. I started to stroke thinking of them fucking my mouth. I almost started to cum when they told me to catch it in my hand and eat it. That put me over the edge. I came in my hand and licked my fingers clean. They left calling me a pathetic white faggot. Fortunately for me that wouldn't be the last time I had an encounter in the locker room. 

PART II

Fresh off my rendezvous in the gym I wanted more cock, a nice large black cock. I stroked my cock every night thinking about that big black cock invading my tight little man pussy. I would cum all over my belly and lick my fingers clean. I was becoming a little cum slut and I wanted more, more than just my own.

A couple of weeks later I went looking for that black cock that had fucked my mouth. It took me awhile but I found him working out and I followed him. I learned his routine and waited for my moment to present myself. His name was John. I followed him to, of all places, the locker room. 

He undressed and headed for the shower. I hid in the dark shadows and watched him soap up that monster. It was beautiful. My cock was hard as a rock. I took it out and started stroking. I envisioned being his little white cock slave. I wanted to worship his cock. I wanted to be his. I must have been in the moment because the next time I looked up he was gone and then I felt someone behind me. 

It was him. I tried to pull my pants up quickly but I was caught. He said,"Well, well, well, if it isn't the little white faggot. Couldn't get enough of this big black cock, eh? Well, I am more than happy to give it to you again." He then grabbed my arm and pulled me to the janitorial closet in the back of the shower. It was a changing room or maybe an office I guess for the janitor. He locked the door and pushed me over a chair. 

I caught myself on the seat but he had already ripped my pants and underwear down. He was ready to fuck. He kicked my feet apart and I felt his monster at my pussy. He tried for awhile to enter me but I was way too tight for him. He grabbed my waist and pulled me up. I was then face to face or face to penis with his cock. He didn't have to say anything, I devoured it. 

He pulled my hair and told me to slow down. I wanted to taste his cum. He however wanted to deposit his seed elsewhere. I was more than happy to oblige. I bent back over the chair and waved my ass at him. He kicked my feet apart again and this time using my saliva as a lube pushed right in. My poor little rosebud was on fire. He was huge. Next thing he did almost made me pass out. 

He slammed in to the hilt. I almost lost consciousness. I could feel his balls on my balls. He paused for awhile to let me get used to it. His cock was a good nine inches and it was imbedded in my ass. This is what I wanted after all, what I jerked off to at night. The pain quickly turned to pleasure and I started to push back against him. He must have sensed what I wanted because he started to slowly fuck me. I moaned with pleasure. 

I told him to fuck me and fuck me hard. He started to long stroke me. This was working on my prostate good. I felt my balls tighten and I shot my cum right on the floor. He saw that and start calling me names. His little white queer and his cock slave. He said only a bitch would cum without touching his cock. I was in heaven another wave of pleasure hit me and I came again. He had to hold me up. I was on cloud nine. 

I came at least two more times before he started to fuck me faster and harder. He then tensed and shot what seemed like a gallon of jizz deep into my bowels. I couldn't take it and came again. He slowed his motion and I finally felt that monster soften and fall out of my ass. He immediately pulled up my underwear and pants and told me to save his cum for later. I passed out. 

I awoke about an hour later and John was gone. I gathered my things and went home. I undressed when I got home and dipped my fingers in my ass and took a taste of John. Mmmmmm. I jacked off and went to bed.

I never had another encounter with men but every now and then I would stroke off thinking of that black cock. I discovered something even better though. I found I was really attracted to women and pussy was for me. I could never go back to cock but my wife with a rubber cock will do..........lol