 I must be losing my mind. Here I am, a 54 year old divorced man, who has discovered a wonderful world of MILFs, and yet, this had to happen tonight. And here in my office no less.

In my high school and college years, up until I was 35 years old and married, I lead a perfectly straight love life, experiencing over 63 women. Marriage stopped all of that, but four years ago my marriage came to an end and after a one-sided judge gave my ex wife nearly everything I ended up in a small apartment near the beach here in Southern California. 

In the past four years I have discovered the joys of oral sex with men. I had met up with married men whose wives no longer enjoyed sucking their cocks. I wasn't interested in a relationship with another guy, just oral sex. Women still turned me on, but the thought of a man making me suck his cock and balls, and swallow his load, just turned me on to the max.

In nearly four years I had met up with 10 guys, at different times, all very willing to feed me their cocks and their cum. I always made guys cum, but I was picky about what I swallowed, so I only swallowed if I was told to. It's just a rule I have. 

Then I met Jennifer, my new 35 year old love interest. She's wonderful, with a very high sex drive and because of her I'm getting back into better physical shape and getting laid nearly every evening. I lost the thought of ever being with a guy again.

That's what I don't understand. I'm in love with Jennifer, so why then did this have to happen?

About 2 hours ago I was checking out my on line AOL mailbox and lingered a little too long on my screen name when someone sent me an instant message.

IM: Hey guy, you lookin?

ME: Just checking things out, getting ready to call it a day.

IM: Don't let me stop you, but I'm so horny I thought I'd ask if you were interested in sucking my uncut cock?

At this point in our conversation I realized two things. First, I had not eliminated my old profile, so it clearly stated that if I was on line I was there to find a hard cock that needed to be drained. The second thing I discovered was that I was getting turned on by the thought of being with a guy again. Why?

ME: Well, I don't have a place to meet, do you?

IM: No, where are you now?

ME: Office. 

IM: Where's the office?

ME: Anaheim.

IM: Perfect, when are you free?

The person on the other end of the net had me. Our chat went on for a few minutes more when I discovered myself sending him my office address. He had taken full control of the conversation telling me he needed his 7 inch uncut cock sucked, licked and worshipped. He also said he loves to have his balls licked. I agreed because of his commanding tone.

He then told me he loves a hard tongue sticking up his ass.

That's when I put my foot down and replied: You mean you want me to suck your cock? Suck your balls? Eat your ass? I don't even know you!

He told me on line that he not only wanted all of that, but he wanted me on my knees, and when he came he wanted me to swallow every drop of his cum. 

I answered the only way I could... OKAY!

An hour later, after my office cleared out I heard a knock at the door. It was now or never. I had let Jenny know I would be very late and told her to go out shopping if she wanted to and that seemed to pacify her. 

I opened the door and was shocked to see an older black man standing there. 

"Um, I think you forgot to tell me you're black."

"Does that make a difference," he asked.

"Well, it's just that I have never, um, you know, I've never been with a black guy before," I replied.

He pushed his way into my office and asked where we were going to do this. I directed him towards my private office, where I have a black leather sofa. I was not sure I could go through with this, but I followed him as he walked toward my office.

In the blink of an eye he had dropped his pants, turned around and sat down on the sofa. 

"Pull off my boxers buddy," he said.

I hesitated, still unsure of myself. Gosh, sucking cock was one thing. Sucking balls was, for a straight guy, a bit disgusting. I mean, I love it when a woman sucks balls, but think about it. I had to put a stop to this now.

"I said, pull of my boxers, or I'll bitch slap you. Do it NOW!" 

My brain heard everything he said and reacted to his commands, ignoring my attempt to stop.

I dropped to my knees and slowly pulled off his boxers. His 7 inch cock jumped out at me and I noticed the foreskin, something new to me. All of the other guys I had sucked before were cut. 

"Go on, Suck it. Worship it. You did say, anything oral, and I expect you to fulfill my need orally, or ELSE!.

This guy may have been older than me, but he was also quite muscular and very much in control of this situation. 

I leaned forward, kissing his cock, getting ready to suck it slowly into my mouth when he grabbed the back of my head and pulled my face on to his cock. I thought I was going to choke as my gag effect kicked in. 

He allowed me to back off a bit, but I knew he wasn't going to settle for a quick blow job. I slowly took as much of his cock as I could, moving my head back and forth, slowly at first until I got used to his still increasing cock size. 

Suddenly I didn't care any more. I though of Jennifer, but then realized I had a huge cock in my mouth that required my services or I could be punished. Satisfying the needs of this older black man was my number one priority, nothing else mattered to me. 

"That's it buddy, keep it up. I want you to worship that black beast," he said. "Now, go down to my balls and take each one slowly into your mouth . Love them. Ouch, easy with the teeth, unless you want to lose them."

I must have sucked his balls, one at a time, for over 8 minutes before he finally told me to lick the area between his balls and his ass. My mouth was full of saliva and it was easy to suck his lower balls. Then he pushed me even lower as he adjusted himself on the sofa. 

"Stick your tongue up my ass as far as it you can get it. I just love a tongue fucking my ass hole buddy."

I did as I was told. I was very fortunate that he was freshly showered. Eating ass is the most disgusting thing in the world to me but I knew he had to think I loved it, so I did as I was told and ate his ass, sticking my tongue in as deep as I could. He was loving it, and I finally slowed down after five minutes of sucking and licking his ass.

"You love eating ass don't you buddy? I can tell by your attitude that you were made to eat ass."

I only tried harder to satisfy this man, to get him off as quickly as possible. 

"Damn that was hot. I can't believe you did that. You did tell me anything oral, and you are living up to that buddy. Now eat my cock, all of it.

I moved around to his cock, which had softened just enough to allow me to get it all into my mouth. I was learning how to get it into my throat without choking. I was starting to get into this. I started to pay attention to my surroundings. I was on my knees, a black cock in my mouth and realized it didn't taste any different than a white cock. But it did taste very good. His black skin seemed a bit rougher than any other man I had been with. And his wiry hair was very different than what I had tasted before. His cock was hairy as were his balls, so I was getting some of his hair in my mouth... But I loved this moment. 

His cock suddenly hardened just a bit more and he let loose a shot of hot cum. I was caught off guard and tried to pull off his cock, but he grabbed me by the back of my head and forced my face down on his cock as his second and third blasts filled my mouth. I had to swallow to make room for the additional blasts. This guy really came. It was hot, and salty, and bitter. If someone had fed me his cum, I would have spit it out and said it was disgusting. But with his cock buried in my mouth I was swallowing it all and waiting for more and more, and he kept it coming.

When he finally stopped my face was covered in cum. I thought I had swallowed every drop but I had missed a lot. He made me wipe my face with my hand and lick my hand clean.

Finally, it was over. I started to get up.

"Hey buddy, where's the john?"

I showed him where the bathroom was and he told me to follow him. What now?

"I've got to take a leak buddy, and you did promise anything oral.

My stomach turned. No way. Not this. I had already crossed too many boundaries tonight, I thought to myself.

"Just get on your knees and aim my cock into the bowl. Don't worry, you didn't think I was going to make you drink my pee did you buddy?"

Whew. I did as he said and about 40 seconds later he finished. It was strange, holding another man's cock while he took a leak. 

"Okay buddy. One more thing. Lick my cock clean, and do it NOW!"

I hesitated. 

Do IT! You did say ANYTHING oral. Now lick it clean.

Once again my brain did what it was told to do. I moved my face next to his cock and kissed the head, then took it into my mouth. There was one, maybe two large drops that I licked off and swallowed. Very salty, very strange, but not so bad in that small amount. Another bridge crossed. 

"Good buddy. Now suck it a little more, I'd love to give you a final reward," he said.

I couldn't believe it. Was he already recharged? I wrapped my lips around his wonderful black cock. At that same moment he let loose a torrent of hot piss. Not much, but enough to fill my mouth. I was about to spit it out when he grabbed the back of my head and plugged my nose. I had no choice. I swallowed the entire mouthful of his piss.

"Ha. You did it buddy. Just like you promised on line. You were great. I can't believe I could get you to eat my ass and swallow my cum and piss. You're one hot slut buddy.

I moved away from him, realizing how stupid I had been for inviting him to my office, but hoping he would leave and never come back.

"You're so hot that I am going to want this again and again. Once a week is good for me," he said. "Does that work for you?"

"Um, no. I'm not really gay. I just got turned on by meeting you on line," I responded, "but I don't' ever want to do this ever, ever again."

"Sure you do buddy. You'll do it for two reasons. First, I now were you work and I can walk in here any time and ruin your job if I tell your coworkers you suck black cock and eat cum and piss. Second, I know your girl friend, Jennifer. You don't want her to find out about this. Do you?"

It was like I was hit by a ten ton truck. My insides went numb, the hair on the back of my head stood up on it's ends. What was I going to do?

To be continued . . .