 The first thing I noticed when I woke up is that I was unable to move anything but my arms. I was lying naked, on my back, strapped down onto a padded leather surface. 

I couldn't really see what was holding me in place as my head was tilted back quite far by a wide leather strap wrapping around my forehead. I could reach up behind my head, but there were no clasps or latches to release my head from its awkward position. They must have been behind my back where I couldn't reach.

Feeling my way around, there were two more straps pinning my shoulders to the bench. It was something similar to a backpack harness, with another joining strap running across my chest, making the top half of me completely immobile.

My legs were attached with larger, wider straps to a frame which kept them raised and spread, similar to an obstetrician's stirrups. I could reach around the back of my thigh and felt a sequence of holes and lacing but I couldn't find any knots. The cord used was reasonably thick, and not something I could hope of parting with only my fingers or nails.

Between the chest harness and the frame holding my legs in place I found I had a little amount of movement available if I twisted or rotated my hips, but nothing that would allow me to free myself. There was no way I was escaping this contraption without being intentionally released.

I wondered how I got here in the first place. I was just enjoying a drink in a new bar that had recently opened in town. And that is the last thing that I remember. I hadn't even talked to anyone, so I was pretty confused and a little scared to end up where I was.

"So, you are awake." said a male voice.

If I could have jumped, I would have. As it was I jerked violently against the straps with the shock of hearing someone speak.

"Sorry I didn't mean to startle you." said the voice.

"Who are you? Where am I?" I stammered.

"I am the man in charge, and you are exactly where I want you. You'd be well advised to keep quiet unless you want something nasty to happen to you."

His voice was quiet, but I could sense the purpose behind those softly spoken words. I felt certain that unless I played by the rules, I might end up yet another missing person statistic.

"Mmmmm... A quick learner." He said. "Well, that should make the night go a little smoother for us all."

Smoother? What the fuck does he mean by that? I was feeling vulnerable not just because I was strapped motionless and naked to this bench, but because I was not able to see the speaker. I don't know what he was doing, but he could damn well see a lot more of me than I would normally let any guy see.

After a short while he spoke again, this time almost a shout. "Hey guys, come on in!"

I could hear the padding of several sets of bare feet on a wooden floor. It sounded like maybe 3 or four people.

"Not bad." said a voice, different to the first. "I think this is going to be as much fun as you said it was."

I was near panicking now. What the fuck is going to happen to me? Whatever it was, it wasn't for my benefit.

The first voice spoke again. "Now my quick learner, I'm going to explain some rules of this game to you. And don't you worry, you'll get a chance to influence events, so don't get too worried just yet."

He moved around into my field of view. From my position, I was looking at him upside down. The first thing I saw apart from the fact that he was naked, was his enormous cock. The bench that I was strapped to was at about waist height, so it was at the same level as my head. He was holding both of his hands behind his back. The rest of him was pretty ordinary. A short haircut and average build with no tattoos or anything else to distinguish him. Just a fucking huge cock, which I knew was destined for me.

Apart from a prostate check during a medical once, I've never had anything inserted into my arse, and I knew that I would suffer some serious damage from something that huge.

"This is how we play."

He brought his hands out in front of him and showed me two dildos. One was about six inches long and proportioned like a normal penis with a flange at the base. The other was almost a foot long, same as his cock, and almost twice as fat. It was about the same diameter as a large orange. Both were very realistic looking, much like the real thing.

From the sounds of more footsteps I could tell the other guys were gathering around me. One of them to my left was breathing quite heavily. Then suddenly, both of my arms were grabbed and twisted down and below the bench. Nothing too painful, but nothing I could imagine breaking out of, it was an awkward position and I just wasn't strong enough.

The guy holding the dildos walked around to between my legs as he explained. "The smallest dong is to give you an idea of what you are in for. The biggest one is for ripping your ring-piece out if you decide to pull any tricky shit before we are finished with you."

I felt something probe and stretch my arsehole. He was pushing one of the dildos into my arse. It hurt, but at least it felt like the smaller one.

My cock started to stiffen. Fuck knows why, as I was so scared I thought it would be impossible to get a hard-on. But as that dildo was pushed all of the way into me my cock started to stir. Then I felt a warm mouth wrap around the head of my cock.

I felt him use his lips to slide my foreskin back over the head. Then he took more of my cock into his mouth, moving his lips further down towards the base. That was enough for me to get completely hard. My cock is about six inches long but much fatter than average.

Once he got a little over half of my cock in his mouth it felt like that was as much as he could get in. But then I felt him take a deep breath, swallow and go even further. The feeling was incredible, the head of my cock was partway down his throat, and his lips were wrapped around the base of my shaft. He had swallowed my entire cock.

My original captor spoke once again. "Now here is the point where you get a choice. Firstly, you can choose to cooperate. In which case, you will be allowed to leave unharmed at the close of tonight's game. However, any funny business from you will result in a lot of pain followed closely by another kind of end. But that isn't the only choice I'll give you. Listen closely now as I explain the rest."

The mouth that was sucking my cock slowly removed itself and my arms were released. Then three naked men and the speaker moved into my field of view.

"The rules of this particular game are simple. Each man here is allowed to orgasm once, and once only. Once orgasm is achieved, they are out of the game, and can no longer take part in the normal fashion. When one person leaves the game in this way, any other player still in the game may switch to that position if they choose. Your choice tonight, is who starts in which position."

That was about as clear as mud to me. "Sorry? What do you mean I choose which position?"

"Well.", he said with a slight smile. "There are four positions. One is fucking your arse; another is fucking your mouth. The other two positions involve your hands. If you manage to masturbate someone to orgasm before either of the two fucking your arse and mouth have finished, then they no longer get to play. Simple."

Simple, my arse. But to save it, my arse that is, I had to make a choice.

In the end it was pretty simple. The speaker had the biggest cock, and one of the other guys was also decently hung with a largish cock. I didn't want either of those two near my arse or mouth, so I chose them to start at my hands. The guy who was breathing heavily had a slightly smaller cock, and another guy licking his lips had a tiny penis. I chose tiny penis to start at my arse and heavy breather to start at my mouth.

All four of them looked very pleased. Smug shits. They moved into their respective positions.

Both guys with big cocks guided my hands to their equipment. Biggest-cock was at my right-hand and Just-Big-Cock at my left. Since getting both of them to orgasm quickly was my best bet, I started wanking those cocks for all I was worth. To my distress, the biggest cock seemed to get even bigger. It felt like I was masturbating an elephant! I had to make him cum and fast!

I got a little distracted when tiny cock pulled the dildo out of my arse. But that was nothing compared to my shock when he started sucking my cock. I was completely frozen when heavy-breather slapped his cock against my face and simply said "Suck!".

Resuming my stroking of the two large cocks, I opened my mouth, which was quickly filled by a very hard cock. I could taste the pre-cum on my tongue as the head slid past. He kept pushing that cock into my mouth, so far that I started to gag.

"Don't choke him!" said Biggest Cock. "I'm just starting to enjoy this."

"Well, he has to take my whole cock in his mouth then." said Heavy Breathing in an almost pleading tone. "C'mon man, swallow the whole thing."

I did my best. I still gagged occasionally, but Heavy breathing started pushing his cock in and out of my mouth, each time going down my throat slightly. It definitely started to get a little easier after the first few thrusts. He was going in as deep as he could, his balls banging up against my nose each time.

He was obviously enjoying himself as he started moaning, the only one of the four men to actually make much noise.

I focussed on the two big cocks again. I had to make them come quickly!

Mr Little penis had continued deep-throating my cock. I was grateful for the not inconsiderable amount of pleasure I was getting, but also, the longer he sucked, the longer he would take to orgasm. Unfortunately, someone else noticed that too.

"Stop sucking over there and start fucking", said the guy on my left. "I want a bit of that arse once you are done."

I could feel his mouth slid almost the whole way off of my cock, until just the head was in his mouth. Then I felt something probe at my arse. It wasn't a finger, as I could feel both of his hands had a strong grip on my hips.

It was his cock! He had the head of my cock in his mouth, yet he was still able to push his cock into my arse.

"Flexible little shit, aren't you." said the guy to my left. "If your cock wasn't so small, you'd probably be able to suck yourself off".

Biggest-cock to my right spoke up. "He can suck himself off. He can fit his entire cock inside his mouth."

I could feel tiny-cock was in to the hilt. It didn't feel like much after the dildo, but I still knew there was a cock inside me. Once in, he didn't pump away, but rather started bobbing his head and rocking slightly. The feeling for me was fucking incredible.

I still had a cock in my mouth and was wanking away two more in either hand, but I could feel myself plunge towards orgasm. Tiny-cock pulled out of my arse and pushed his mouth down over my cock, once again taking me into his throat. I couldn't hold back. I came like a river and he let it all run down his throat while sucking on my cock for all he was worth.

Now spent, my cock started to shrink slightly. Tiny-cock removed his mouth and moved around to behind Heavy-breather. I hope to god he wasn't thinking of sticking his cock in my mouth after it's been in my arse. I'd throw up.

But no, that isn't what he had in mind.

Heavy-breather stopped at the deepest part of his thrust. His cock-head was in my throat and I was finding it difficult to breath, but manageable. He bent forward at the waist slightly.

Big-dick at my left spoke up again, this time in a jovial way. "I don't think that is the arse you are meant to be fucking".

Tiny-cock was fucking Heavy-breather's arse! I could feel him pumping by the pressure of Heavy-breather against my face.

"I'll come quicker this way", said Tiny-cock.

Oh-no! I renewed my efforts on the two big cocks. I had to get them to cum, otherwise they'd end up in my arse or mouth. And I wasn't sure I could take either of them.

Funnily, everything fell into a rhythm. Heavy-breather seemed to like being fucked by Tiny-cock, as he'd given up thrusting into my mouth. He'd pulled back a bit so the head of his cock was at the back of my tongue, and just getting pushed back and forth by Tiny-cock's thrusting.

Being able to breathe easily meant I was now able to concentrate on wanking the two big dicks. The cock in my left hand was oozing pre-cum, and had I used some of it to lubricate my hand. In my right hand was that massive beast that I wanted to avoid at all costs. I was pumping my right hand about twice as fast as I could my left.

Next thing that happened took me by surprise. I felt warm cum shooting onto my chest and neck. "Fuck", said Big-cock at my left. I was elated when I felt his cock pulsing. One down, one to go. I let go of his cock just as another jet of cum squirted onto my forearm.

Now if I could just get Biggest-cock to cum as well, I'd be a lot less nervous about surviving the game. I kept wanking his cock with my right hand, while cradling his balls with my left.

Then disaster struck. Tiny-cock thrust extra hard, pushing Heavy-breather deep into my throat. Tiny-cock was moaning, "I'm cumming..." Again I gagged. I wasn't ready for cock down my throat. I tried swallowing several times to feel better, when I felt Heavy-breather's cock pulse. Then it hit me, he was about to shoot a load down into my mouth!

Cum squirted down my throat. I could feel the jet of semen. I could taste it too, as some had squirted onto my tongue with one of his thrusts. He'd started thrusting as he came, driving deeper into my throat than he had earlier. The thrusting forced me to keep swallowing so I didn't vomit. Here I was, swallowing his cum.

Heavy-breather pulled out and I got an unwanted look at Tiny-dicks shit-covered shrunken and spent cock.

"Just me left now", said Biggest-dick. "Do you want to blow me or should I fuck your arse."

God! What a fucking difficult choice. After feeling and tasting a cock in my mouth, I didn't want any more, but his dick was way too huge for my no-longer virgin arse. That dildo had taken my anal cherry, and Tiny-dick had fucked my arse, but it really wasn't that big a deal. This cock would make permanent alterations!

"In my mouth please", I could hear myself say. I swallowed again to clear the last of the cum in my mouth. I wanted to spit, but I was still a prisoner and wanted to be as obedient as possible in order to get away.

Biggest-dick moved around to my head, getting ready to fuck my mouth. He moved his cock to about 6 inches away and stopped. I reached forward with my arms to guide that monster home when my arms were grabbed again. This time, they weren't going to be released. My arms were quickly bound at the wrist, holding them alongside my body.

"You don't really need those any more", he explained.

He pushed his cock forward; the head of it touched the bottom of my nose and upper lip before it slid into my mouth. He kept pushing slowly forward, completely filling my mouth, until his cock could go no further. He had maybe four inches inside my mouth and about six inches outside.

I knew there was no way he was going to be able to push that cock any further into my mouth. He pulled his cock almost all the way out and then slowly pushed it back again. As he did, I tasted the pre-cum from the head of his cock. It tasted better than Heavy-breather's sperm did, and my mouth started producing more saliva, making his thrusts easier.

"Hey that's cheating!" he said. What the fuck was he talking about? Was my producing saliva seen as cheating?

He wasn't talking to me.

"You are already out of the game."

Just-Big-cock replied, "Well, now that you are the winner, I thought I'd join in again... any objections?"

Biggest-cock didn't reply. He might have shrugged or shook his head, but I didn't see or hear anything. I sure felt something though. Just-Big-Cock was pushing his cock against my arsehole.

I tried moaning in the negative, but Biggest-Cock had chosen that moment to make his move. Well lubricated now, he pushed his cock past the back of my mouth and deep into my throat. Not to the hilt, but I had more cock in my mouth than was outside.

At the same time, Just-big-cock was stretching my ring with the head of his penis. I don't think his was as hard or as big as it had been when it was in my hand, but fuck it still hurt.

Once he got the head of his cock inside me, I could feel my ring-piece tighten around the shaft. The rest of his cock slid inside me easily and I felt completely filled up. I guess he must have used some lubricant. The pain of being stretched started subsiding, but I still felt a little uncomfortable. More because his cock was going deep inside my arse and it felt a bit weird.

Meanwhile, my mouth and throat were still filled to capacity with a giant unmoving cock. I'd been holding my breath for the last twenty seconds, but was being to feel faint. Biggest-cock pulled out, just enough for me to breath again before shoving his cock deep inside my throat once more.

Being fuck by two huge cocks was pretty unreal. Even more unreal is that I was getting another hard-on. My cock was about the only thing that had any freedom. My mouth and arse were getting raped while the rest of me was completely immobile.

Biggest cock pulled out once again. This time he left his cock-head near the base of my tongue. I busied myself with licking and sucking that cock to stop him from thrusting too deep into my throat. Only I didn't realise that is what he wanted.

The more I licked and sucked on that cock, the wetter my mouth got, both with pre-cum and saliva. All so he could completely bury his cock in my mouth and throat.

He thrust again, this time his cock went completely into my mouth. His balls pressed up against my nose. If I could breathe, I would have smelt his scent, as it was I started to choke. I'd gagged again, but now couldn't swallow properly, his huge cock prevented that. So I started choking. He pulled out again enough for me to recover. No sooner than I had, he thrust just as deep again.

My eyes were streaming tears from my choking fit, but this time I was a little more ready. I still gagged a little, but managed to settle with that huge cock resting in my throat.

I felt hands on my cock now. Someone was putting lubricant on my hard-on. Tiny-dick or Heavy-Breather, but my bet was it was Tiny-dick. After he finished lubricating my cock, I could feel him climb onto the bench I was strapped to and grip my cock with his hand.

Something pushed against the head of my cock, enveloping it, squeezing it incredibly tightly. My cock was going inside someone's arse. It felt so good I arched my hips, straining at my bonds in order to get more of my cock inside that tight hole. At this point something snapped in me. I no longer worried about what was going to happen to me. I started living in the moment, the sexual lust flowed through me, and all I concentrated on were the feelings I was giving and receiving.

Don't get me wrong. If I could have chosen a place to be, this would have been about the last place I'd pick. But since I was stuck with it, I made the most of it. Tiny-cock started riding my cock with his tight arse and I loved every second of it. I was even starting to enjoy the feeling of the big cock fucking my arse. The cock in my mouth was still giving me trouble though.

I love the feel of my cock in someone else's mouth, and the thought that Biggest-cock was getting those same feelings being in my mouth was a bit of a turn-on. I wasn't so much enjoying the deep-throating though, as it was impossible to breathe when his cock was all the way inside my mouth. Also, I couldn't help but gag occasionally. Swallowing helped that reflex, so I did it as much as possible, but my throat was starting to feel sore from the abuse it had gotten.
