 "Taken To the Limit " - Friday 

Part 1: https://www.literotica.com/s/used-for-a-week-pt-01

Part 2: https://www.literotica.com/s/used-for-a-week-pt-02

Part 3: https://www.literotica.com/s/used-for-a-week-pt-03

Things we do in the heat of the night can look insane in the daylight of the next morning. Waking up Friday I recalled the events since William came back into my life and had to wonder: was that really me doing all that I had surely done? And more importantly this: What did he have planned for me tonight, his last night in town? 

As requested (ordered?) I wore women's panties all day at work. And to be honest, I enjoyed this so much I knew I'd be doing this again in the future, even after William was gone. I sent him the usual noontime proof picture. He responded positively, and instructed me to meet him at the bar after work. 

It was a hot day, and the bar's air conditioning was on the fritz. We sat at the end of the bar, both of us sweating, talking politics and sports. It was all quite 'normal' until the conversation turned to sex. "This has been quite a week, my friend," he told me. 

"For me, too." That was an understatement. 

"There's something about..." He lowered his voice since we were within earshot of the other customers. "about 'us'... that makes some activities more possible than with our wives." 

I couldn't imagine doing any of this with my wife. 

After that we headed to his motel. On the nightstand I placed the butt plug and lube I had purchased the night before, then without instructions immediately undressed, stripping down to black lace panties, ready for his inspection. While I did this, he fiddled with the TV remote, turning it on and ordering up a porn channel. He took off his pants, folding them over the back of a chair. As he walked to get the plug he pointed to the bed. "Bend over." Those were the first words spoken since arriving. I realized that while we were 'friends' at the bar, here in this room we were something else. 

He was rough with me. Even with the lube it hurt. But eventually he got it fully inserted. He wiped his hands with a tissue then finished undressing. "I think a shower is in order." 

I stood up carefully, trying to adjust the plug, not wanting it to slip out or do any internal damage. I slipped the back of my panties over it, and caught my sight in the wall mirror. I was prepared to wait for him but William, at the bathroom door, stopped and turned to me. "You, too. Come. And take those off for now." 

Well, this was unexpected. But again, nothing I was opposed to. 

Inside the bathroom he leaned into the shower, turned on the faucets, felt the water, then stepped in. I stepped in the back end of the shower. 

He was fully wet, running his fingers through his hair. He stepped forward so that the shower stream was hitting his back and handed to me a tube of shower gel. Knowing what was expected, I lathered my hands, prepared to serve him. I used the soapy suds to cleanse his right arm, then his left. More suds for his shoulders. When he raised his arms I scrubbed his underarms, then his hairy chest and belly. To get his legs I knelt down, and washed each leg and foot. When I reached for his firm, but not erect cock, he said, "No, not yet."

He turned around, I stood up, lathered up, and scrubbed his back. I used both hands to wash his ass, and even cleansed his crack. When my finger dabbed at his asshole, he leaned forward and spread his legs, allowing me to clean the opening. I was prepared to finger him further, but he straightened up, an indication he didn't want that. Kneeling again I washed the back of his hairy legs. 

When he turned around I soaped up my hands and placed them on his cock, massaging him. I wanted to get him hard, but he had other plans. "Stop." Then: "Put your hands behind your back."

It took only a second to realize what he had planned, something he surely would never do with wife. Only with me. 

I closed my eyes and waited what seemed like minutes, and wondered if he was making me wait on perhaps to taunt me. There I was, kneeling in the shower, my ass plugged, ready to be urinated on. I thought of pee play videos I had occasionally watched; I always wanted to try it, but not in this position. Soon enough a stinging stream of hot piss hit my right shoulder. Then it moved down my chest, onto my stomach, then up to my other shoulder. I angled my head backwards so he wouldn't get my face. He aimed higher, splashing my neck, left and right, right and left, before aiming down my belly and onto my hard cock. Yes, my cock was fully erect! 

His stream ebbed, then a second, shorter stream came. And then it was over. When I finally opened my eyes I wondered what he thought of me. 

He stepped back out and the full river of hot water hit. I found the shower gel, and lathered up to cleanse myself. When I finished William stepped closer to me and grasped his cock. "Now." 

More lather. I wrapped my soapy hands around his firmness, then used one hand for his testicles. Of course it didn't take long for him to get fully hard. Hot water rushed down his chest and onto his groin. When the suds washed away, I took him in my mouth. But he stopped me before I could get much further. He shut off the water and grabbed towels. We dried off in silence, stepped out of the shower, then returned to the bed, our bodies damp, our hair still wet. I slipped on the panties and waited for him to once again tell me to lean over the bed. 

I felt his hands run down my back roughly, then his fingernails draw lines over my ass cheeks. He must have grasped the butt plug, because I felt it being jostled inside me. "Relax," He told me, which made do the exact opposite. He used one hand to spread my ass cheeks and then I felt the plug being tugged. Of course, my sphincter was wrapped around the narrow area between the plug and the handle. Fortunately I was decently lubed, so even though it hurt to have it pulled out of me, it was manageable. 

I knew not to move until instructed so I stayed there, feet on the floor, my torso on the bed. By now I suspected what was to follow.

"I have always wanted to fuck my wife's ass," he told me, as he tugged my panties down onto my thighs. "She has an amazing ass." I felt him run his cock up and down my crack. He reached for the lube on the bed and squirted onto his cock. I felt the cold goo on my crack. "Every time I mentioned it she screamed, 'No! No! No!'" His hands spread my cheeks open wide, and then the tip of his cock tickled my hole. 

I was thankful that his cock wasn't terribly long or fat. 'This won't be so bad," I tried to tell myself, even though I knew it would. There a difference between a plug or finger and a real cock, and I was about to learn the difference intimately. "Again, relax," he told me, and his cock inched inside me. He stopped to let me catch my breath. Another inch; I flinched. "You're so tight. It's like fucking a virgin." After a minute another inch and my ass began to burn. "You can do this. You can take this." Another inch and I let out an ouch. He took a breather. He backed off a bit, then slid in a bit, and rocked back and forth a few times, never going any further. "I can't wait to cum inside you. Do you want that? Do you want me to cum inside you?" He pressed further another inch I just grunted. "We're almost there." 

And then he was fully in me. This wasn't pleasure for me. It hurt. It filled me up and stretched me. It was painful. 

He stayed there, buried inside me for a while, waiting for me relax. I realized my hands were clenched in pain, but as the seconds ticked by, I eventually eased up. Sensing this, he began to slowly and gently fuck me. "There, there," he told. It felt good when he was pulling his cock away from me - a sensation of relief more than pleasure - and it felt unpleasant but bearable when he pushed into me. Fortunately his rhythm was slow and patient, giving me a chance to breath, a chance to accept this. 

But he couldn't stay patient forever, and when he grabbed me by my hips I prepared myself for him to speed up. "Oh, God," he let out as he started fucking me properly. As I started moving my body to match his movements, I wondered if he were imaging that he was fucking his wife and not me. "I can't wait to fill you up." My cock had softened before but it was now fully erect from rubbing against the bed sheets. "You fucking slut, you..." He was thrusting into me now. "Tell me you want this," he said, "tell me.." 

I wanted him to cum, not only to please him but to end my pain. "Fuck me, William... Fuck my ass goo... Fill me with your cum." My god, I sounded like a whore, but it did the trick. I felt sudden warmth inside my rectum, and from that and his grunts and the tightness of his grip, I knew he was cumming. And cumming good. 

When he was done he released my hips but placed a hand on my back to settle himself. "Whew... Amazing..." 

It hurt when he slipped fully out of me. My ass was sore, and yet my cock was hard and needing release. I needed release and needed it badly. 

I moved onto the bed and flipped over, onto my back. I grabbed my cock with one hand and started stroking it. My other hand reached below my cock, until my finger fingertips felt liquid dripping from my ass, a mix of lube and cum. I scooped some up and wiped it on my cock. William was in front of me now, with his cell phone out, filming me. "For posterity", he told me. Did I care? No, I was that far gone. In fact, being filmed got me hotter, got me more turned-on. My hands worked overtime. And soon enough, my climax came upon me, and cum shot out from my cock, landing on my stomach in two places.

William put down the camera and moved onto the other side of the bed. I closed my eyes and waited for my body to stop heaving. As usual, after an orgasm I quickly returned to reality. I could hear the sounds of the porn video on the TV. I thought of my wife for the first time since we had gotten here. I thought of all that had transpired since seeing William on Sunday, all the changes he had put me through. 

When I opened my eyes William reached into the cooler by the bed, withdrawing two beers. He handed me one. "Here, you deserve it." I took a long, refreshing swig. Then another for good measure. I stared my panties on the floor - when had they come off? I spied the butt plug on a washcloth and glanced at William's now limp cock between his legs - had they really been inside my ass? And there in the wall mirror - who was that naked man on the edge of the bed? Was that really me? 

I took another swig of beer. I knew that before the night was over I would suck William again. And if he wanted, I'd even let him fuck me a second time. But Tomorrow he would be gone, and this week of being used and controlled would be just a crazy memory, and something I would fantasize about for a long time. 

But then William smiled and patted me on the shoulder. "I can't wait to come back again next year." 

End of Part 4 / End of Story 

Note: This is fictional story and is Copyright (c) 2018 by MRALX99. You may not copy or use it for any commercial purpose.