 [[Some back story in italics. Hope you like it.]]

The classroom was noisy with the excited talk of children. A new term had started and they were all catching up on what they had missed out on. Gossip was being swapped, rumours already starting and girls were fawning over some of the boys at the back. Frank Falmer, Jason Biggs and Nile Rosenthal were three of the most popular boys. 

They and a few others always spent time together in school and out. It was Frank's general bad attitude that had got them a bit of a bad reputation, but they were mostly harmless. They attended regularly and got good grades so they pretty much did what they wanted. Jason Biggs was the adopted son of multi-millionaire heir Casey Biggs and Josh Biggs. Casey was Greg Donta's son - the man behind donta.com a huge computer and internet corporation. He had chin length braided black hair and dark oval eyes. He had come from nothing so never let his new financial status change him, he loved Casey and Josh firecley and wouldn't have a bad word said about them. He also adored Nile, they were best friends. However, he thought Frank was a knob. Frank was nothing special to look at. He had brown hair and eyes but he was into his sports and excelled at them all. He was well built and had a good body. This teamed up with his confidence made all the girls like him, and he liked them too. 

His relationships never lasted more than a few months before he moved on to a different girl. He liked Nile so he tolerated Jason. Nile was pierced. A lot. His septum, ears, tongue and snake bites and a few more he hid. His hair was tan/blonde and normally messy. He adored Jason back and tried his best to make sure that Frank didn't throw his weight around too much. 

"Class, class!" Mister Shott called for silence and a few seconds of mumbling gave way to quiet. "Thank you. Now we have a new student joining us this term, he is called Leander Atouri please make him feel welcome." A few of the girls gasped and they heard Frank swear under his breath. 

"Fuck, there goes a lot of our pussy." He mumbled. Jason had been talking to Nile and glanced over at the new boy. He felt his own breath catch in his chest. Leander was amazing to look at. He was stunningly handsome, think of a young Marlon Brando and Travis Fimmel in *those* Calvin Klein pants, long blonde hair hung down around his lower back and his big blue eyes shone with confidence. Frank motioned for him to join them and he came over and sat down greeting Frank and Nile who introduced him to Jason.

"Hi Jason." Leander smiled and Jason felt himself bite his lip sightly before he said hello back. That was how it all started.

Leander thought back to that meeting as he lay in bed with Jason pressed tightly against him. It seemed so long ago now as he lay here with him, they had been through so much recently. Their life was changing, it was only a month or so until the end of their life in school. Then they would be young adults, Leander wasn't sure what that meant. He knew Nile had wanted to be a history teacher since he was little and Jason had just wanted to be somewhere stable. He himself had no idea what he would do. As long as he was with Jason it didn't matter, he was all he needed. Plus he was sure Casey wouldn't see Jason go wanting for anything. He ran his fingers up and down Jason's back as he thought. He wanted to do something for him. He just wasn't sure what. Something to show people that he loved Jason and was intent on keeping him forever. Maybe if he did that it might help him to figure out where his life was heading. He was still pondering when Jason stirred and woke, looking up at him.

"Hey." Jason said sleepily.

"Morning beautiful." Leander stroked his forehead. "Sleep well?" Jason nodded and motioned for a kiss. Leander leant down and gently kissed his lips, Jason was warm and fluid against him, he slid a hand into his hair and pulled him down on top of him. "Mmm you want some morning fun huh?" He mumbled between the kisses they shared.

"Yeah, I want you." Jason purred kissing at his neck. "I still can't believe you're mine again." He felt Leander smile against him. It had been a few months since they had got back together and it was going pretty well for the couple. It still felt like a honeymoon period, there was a lot of laughter, a lot of time spent together and a lot of sex. Leander wanted him all the time and wanted to make him feel good. Their shared orgasms helping them to gain their bond back again. Jason moaned as a well prepared Leander slid into him, feeling his girth stretching his hole. "Ah Leander...' He gasped and wrapped his legs around his waist, pushing him in deeper and bringing his body closer. Leander kissed the permanently marked spot on his neck and began to push into his lover. God they had done this so many times but it always felt amazing.

"So I heard you had to change schools because you fucked a teacher, that right?" Frank asked as Leander lounged on his sofa.

"Uh..." Leander's jaw dropped.

"Gossip gets around!" Nile grinned. "So is it true?"

"It was a teaching assistant..." Leander shrugged with a smile. 

"Ahaha! Fucking awesome." Frank high fived him. "The girls wont know what hit them!"

"Nah, I think I'll have a while of being single." Leander lit up a cigarette and looked at a puzzled Frank. "Y'know, just time to myself. Scope them out. And besides it wasn't just for that reason, Dad wanted a new house."

"That he's never in." Jason mused.

"He mentioned something about tax, I dunno." Leander shrugged. "Probably wants the old place for his mistress." The group of boys talked for some time and smoked a bit more. When they left Jason went back to Leander's empty house for a coffee.

"Frank is obsessed with sex." Leander commented.

"Yeah, he always has been." Jason nodded as the blond one brought him a cup over. "He was well pissed off when you turned up. Thought that you'd take all the girls away from him."

"Hah, well he's got nothing to worry about there." Leander smiled over his cup.

"What do you mean?" Jason asked with a frown.

"Well." Leander put his cup down on the table. "I'm not interested in the girls." Jason just looked blankly at him. "I'm gay."

"Oh." Jason said and remained looking blank.

"I thought I could tell you, y'know. With the situation with Casey and Josh?" Leander worried that his honesty would lead to bigotry.

"Yeah, yeah it's cool." Jason finally smiled. Leander wondered what had been going through his head, he'd have been amused to know it was hundreds of fast paced gay fantasies that had been plaguing Jason since the other arrived. "Are you going to tell the others?"

"Not yet, I mean I am not ashamed, I just want to settle in a bit more. They'll all assume I want to bone them and that isn't right." Leander rolled his eyes.

"Not your type?" Jason laughed and watched Leander smile.

"Wouldn't say that. But no one is out and I don't want to make a move unless I'm sure the other feels the same." Leander ran a hand through that gorgeous hair.

"So..." Jason looked puzzled. "That teaching aide type person?"

"Was a guy." Leander nodded and put a hand on his face. "Oh it was so embarrassing." 

"Were you caught fucking?" Jason asked.

"Nah I was blowing him." Leander shook his head. "We had fucked though, luckily no one ever caught on. It was just a coincidence that the head teacher walked in." 

"Have you been with many guys?" Jason looked into his cup, not wanting to seem too interested.

"Hmm. Yeah." Leander nodded. "Probably more than I should have." He laughed and waved a hand. "That is also why I want to slow down a bit." He grinned and Jason smiled back.



"Oh god Leander!" Jason cried out as he came underneath him, the hot white jets coated his stomach and his body went limp in Leander's arms. Leander smiled and thrust a few more times before he flooded him with his own load. He gently pulled out and lay next to him, kissing his temple softly. "Mmm you're amazing." Jason turned to kiss those lips again, he would always love to kiss this man. He was surprisingly soft and tender but when he wanted to be he was fierce and passionate. It made him love him even more.

It had been a while since Leander had come out to Jason and he'd noticed a slight change in the braided haired ones character around him. He wasn't too bothered, he'd had it happen with other friends when he'd first come out. They normally settled down after a week or so. As time passed Jason didn't change, he was slightly edgy and didn't meet his eye. Leander was pretty pissed off, he liked Jason and didn't want to not have him as a friend. Plus he was sexy as hell. How many nights had he tossed off to the thought of sucking his cock and swallowing his cum? The thought of it made his cock twitch. 

Jason went to visit Leander one day after they had finished their classes. They chatted for a bit about school work and who they didn't like, mainly Frank, and then it went silent for a bit. 

"What's it like to kiss another guy?" Jason asked quietly. "Is it different from kissing a girl?" 

"Dunno, I haven't kissed any girls." Leander shrugged. "It's probably just the same." Jason didn't say anything, just sat looking forward, obviously thinking. Leander took the initiative and leant over, taking Jason softly by the chin and bringing him close. "Here." He gently kissed him. When he pulled away Jason gasped a little 'oh' and looked totally stunned. "Is it different?"

"Uh, I guess not." Jason coughed and blushed furiously. Leander smiled to himself. That was their first kiss.

"Uuurgh I don't want to wear a suit." Nile grumbled.

"Well you have to for the end of school prom." Jason scolded. "Now go and try that one one." He pushed him into the changing room and sat back down next to Leander. "It is so hard to dress him."

"You'd know." Leander teased and got a punch in the thigh. "Argh you sod." There was a few groans of protest and then Nile walked out. He was wearing a blue pinstriped suit and he looked amazing in it. 

"Wow, you look fucking hot in that." Leander purred and Jason punched him again. "Ow! Well he does. Noah isn't going to be able to keep his hands off you." 

"Oh shut up." Nile scowled. "Is it okay? Can this be the last one I try on? I am sick of it." They nodded and he stomped back into the changing room. Leander and Jason had already chosen their suits and had gone for traditional black.

--

"Hmm." Casey looked unsure. "Are you sure?" 

"I am. One hundred percent." Leander nodded. 

"You'll do it wether or not I say yes wont you?" Casey smiled. 

"I will indeed." Leander grinned. 

"You're young..." Casey began.

"So what?" Josh spoke up. "We were young when we first started dating and we're still together." Casey exhaled. He wouldn't win this discussion. 

--

The boys were all round at Frank's again. They were watching the big game and had bought lots of beers and pizzas to tide them over. Leander and Jason were sorting out the pizzas in the kitchen, Leander took this opportunity to have a quick make out session with him. They had been spending a lot of time together lately. 

Leander had slowly introduced him to many new things. Most involved his talented tongue and that tongue now gently stroked over Jason's and he felt the other melt. It had only been the night before that Leander had gently made love to Jason for the first time, taking his time and allowing the other to get use to the new sensations, they had woken up cuddled together. Jason wasn't quite sure what was happening but suspected he might have acquired a boyfriend. 

"You guys got the be..." Nile walked in and stopped. 

"Yeah here." Leander didn't miss a beat and picked up a case and handed it to him. 

"Um, thanks." Nile walked back into the lounge. Jason looked nervous but Leander planted a kiss on his forehead and took some pizzas in. Nile didn't mention anything in front of the the other boys. He would wait for Jason to talk to him.

They sat in his room a few days later watching some program on the television about people who bought storage lockers in silence. Jason was restless and fidgeted constantly until Nile hit him with a cushion.

"Will you relax? What's up with you?" He asked.

"I've been...uh... doing stuff with Leander." Jason told him, cheeks flushing red.

"Hmm yeah, I kinda guessed that something was going on after seeing him with his tongue down your throat." Nile smirked and Jason blushed more. "Have you...you know?"

"Yeah we have." Jason nodded. "Only like twice." 

"So are you gay? Not that it'd be a problem." Nile reassured.

"I'm not sure. I don't think so." Jason frowned. "I'm just...I dunno." 

"Just see how it goes." Nile shrugged. "Go get me a coke?" And that was it, Jason had told Nile about his relationship with Leander. He later told Casey and John that he'd been 'fooling about' with him but wasn't sure if it was serious. They were obviously supportive and told him to take his time and enjoy what was happening without worrying about putting to serious of a label on it. 

Prom night was approaching and it was all the school was talking about. Girls were discussing/bitching about each others dress choice and who would be taking who. 

"Who are you taking?" Leander asked Nile as they sat on one of the tables scattered around. 

"I am going with Lauren." Nile said between mouthfuls of burger. "She's the only choice really." Lauren was one of their close friends - Leander had come out to her before Jason and she remained a good friend for all their life. "What about you? Taking Jason?"

"Of course." Leander frowned. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"Dunno really." Nile shrugged. "Does Jason know?"

"Do I know what?" Jason came over and sat down next to him, taking his burger off him and taking a bite. Leander felt his stomach gripe at their closeness but let it rest. 

"That I am taking you to the prom." Leander told him.

"That's a bit gay isn't it?" Jason asked. Leander looked puzzled and opened his mouth to say something but then decided to leave it. "I mean, you haven't even asked me."

"Oh Christ." Leander rolled his eyes. "Jason, may I escort you to the prom where you'll probably get drunk and vomit on my shoes?"

"I'll think about it." Jason smiled and winked at him. Leander groaned and went to his hockey practice mumbling something about 'I don't know why I bother'.

--

"Leander don't go..." Jason began.

"I am not stopping here with someone who thinks what we do is wrong." Leander growled. 

"Oh I didn't mean that." Jason ran a hand through his braids. "I just meant it feels wrong."

"Isn't that the fucking same?!" Leander snapped.

"No, I just. I. I don't know what to feel." Jason sat on the bed. "Its all so fast and so new. I am not sure what I want from you." Leander sighed and sat next to him. "I'm sorry."

"It's okay." Leander grumbled and rubbed his back gently, he couldn't stay mad at the boy he loved. "We've moved pretty fast so I guess this was expected. How about we take a break and see how you feel?" Jason nodded. "Okay. I'll catch you at school." Leander left. Jason lay back on his bed and groaned. He didn't know what to think. He enjoyed what he was doing with Leander but all these feelings that came with it confused him. He had never experienced love before, if he had he would have recognized it instantly and probably not have been so freaked out. 

Instead he dragged himself to the lounge and slumped on Josh who cuddled him without asking any questions. This happened a few times over the next few months, the two got to a certain stage in their relationship and then Jason would freak out and want to call it off. They had one serious split before their eventual break up. They had both seen other people in this time and this was when Nile and Jason had hooked up. When they eventually got back together it wasn't the same, Leander wanted something serious - a declaration of love and a relationship but Jason couldn't do it at that point in time, so they amicably split though the feelings never went away....

--

"So is Leander taking you to this prom then?" Josh asked Jason who was lying on the sofa with the cat.

"Yeah I think so. I just hope it goes smoothly. Trevor will be there, I'm not exactly his favourite person." Jason stroked under the cats chin.

"I am sure he'll be okay. He's not been that bad really has he?" Josh sat on the arm of the sofa. 

"He's not spoken to me." Jason frowned. "When I see him he stares daggers at me. I'd rather he just said something offensive." Leander came in and scooped his legs up, sitting with them across his lap. "Hey." 

"Hey." Leander smiled. "What you talking about?"

"Oh just the prom and Trevor." Jason told him, the cat got up and stretched before going to lie across Leander. "Hoping it all goes well."

"Eh, I am sure it will." Leander shrugged. "I doubt he'd make a scene, maybe he's over it now."

"Yeah hopefully." Jason frowned, he didn't like confrontation and he still really liked Trevor. Leander headed up to Jason's room and Jason followed him sullenly. 

"Don't sweat it Babe." Leander smiled. "It'll be fine."

"I might just not go." Jason huffed. Leander's eyes went wide.

"No you have to go!" He said quickly. "Its the big event!" Jason grumbled to himself so Leander slid his arms around him and nuzzled his head. "Seriously, it'll be okay."

"I still feel so bad." Jason told him. "It was so out of character for me."

"I know, but it was going to happen in the end so at least its out of the way." Leander hushed him. They sat on the sofa and Leander stroked his back, soothing his lover. Jason snuggled closer and kissed his neck lightly. Leander always made him feel safer.

"Uh, you hard?" Jason asked.

"Um. Yeah." Leander grinned guiltily. "You know what you do to me." He dropped his head and kissed Jason softly. Jason ran his hands up Leander's thighs and under his t-shirt, feeling that warm, hard stomach that he had. Slowly he worked open his jeans and freed his lover's erection. He smiled deliciously at him before shuffling himself down to kneel before him. Leander slid a hand into his hair and held his head as he began to suck his cock. "Ah fuck Jason, there's no one as good at this as you." Jason hummed his appreciation and continued to suck at him, one hand gently rolling his balls. He opened his dark eyes and looked up at the blonde, he had his head back, one arm over the back of the sofa and his eyes closed. He was beautiful, and he was all his. He smiled around his member and shut his eyes.

*

Everyone was talking about the prom and Jason was just getting more and more het up. During lunch he went to the bathroom and saw Trevor at the sink. Trevor narrowed his eyes at him.

"Uh, hey Trev." Jason said nervously.

"Hey." Trevor turned back to the taps and continued to wash his hands. It had been a few months since the breakup. Trevor was still feeling bitter but seeing Jason there so nervous made him feel a bit better.

"Look Trevor..." Jason began. "I..."

"Don't start Jason. I know you didn't mean for it to happen etcetera. No need to tell me again, it wont make a difference." Trevor frowned. "I bet you wish he never laid eyes on me huh?" He went to walk past him when he heard Jason respond.

"No." Was all Jason said.

"What?" Trevor turned back and looked at him.

"Well..." Jason straightened up. "Leander is amazing. Its not all about sex appeal. He is kind and loving. You were this terrified, insecure guy who was getting the shit beat out of you. Leander came into your life, he sorted out Frank, he loved you, he made you see that you were beautiful inside and out. He took your virginity in a loving way when you were ready, after all you went through with your uncle he was the perfect guy to make love to you. And look at you now. You're this self confident guy with your whole life ahead of you. The only thing I was pissed off about was that he got you first." He smiled and glanced away. Trevor stood still and just looked at him. It was all true. Leander had been amazing for him. He had thought that if they ever broke up that he'd never cope but here he was, alive and kicking and getting on with his life.
