 My housemate and I had been living together for almost two years. We became good friends during my first few weeks at college. I'd had a crush on him since first day that we met. He has always known that I'm gay, but not that I wanted him. 

Danny had always been a ladies man. Each time he brought a girl home, my jealousy grew. I would hear them having sex in the next room, his sexual moans drove me insane.

While horny and alone, my imagination was running wild. I slipped my hand under the bedding and reached for my cock. I was already semi hard, so it didn't take much teasing to get my cock fully erect.

I gently stroked myself, thinking of Danny the whole time. My cock began to leak when my thoughts went to him fucking me. I slid my other hand under the covers and gripped my balls, squeezing them. I brought my knees up a little, enough to give me access to my ass. Reaching down, I started to tease my hole. 

Still stroking my meat with one hand, I brought the other out from under the bedding. I slipped two fingers into my mouth, making sure to get them good and wet. I once again reached for my ass and brushed my wet fingers over my ring. I pushed a little, slipping two fingers into myself. Slowly fingering myself, I imagined that it was Danny that was inside me. 

Knowing that I was about to shoot my load, I released my cock. I cupped my balls while forcing my fingers deeper into my ass. Picking up the pace, I began to finger myself as hard as I could. Panting while moaning Danny's name. 

I was forced from my fantasy when there was a tap on the door. I quickly took my fingers out of my sensitive ass and pulled my hands from under the bedding. 

"Yeah?" I said, still gasping for air.

The door slowly opened. 

"Can I come in?" Danny said, pushing the door fully open. 

"Sure" I sighed. 

I sat up, trying to hide my boner. Danny walked in and stood next to the bed. I could barely see him, so I reached for the lamp. After switching the lamp on, I got the shock of my life. Danny was completely naked and his cock was right at my eye level. 

I looked away from him, resisting the urge to dive in mouth first. 

"What are you doing?" I asked, turning back to look at him. 

"You have seen me naked before." Danny said, grinning. 

"Yes, but from a distance." I said, laughing nervously. 

"Would you be more comfortable if I sat down?" He asked. 

"Yes." I quickly answered 

I moved to the other side of the bed, allowing Danny to take a seat beside me. It wasn't until I moved, that I realized that my cock was still solid. I brought my arm down to rest on my crotch, in hopes that it would stop me from pitching a tent in front of Danny. 

"What did you want, mate?" I said, still a little confused. 

"I couldn't sleep." He said. 

"Why not?" I asked. 

"Well, you know that I have a high sex drive?" He said. 

"Do you?" I asked, unsure of how to answer him. 

"Fuck yeah, I struggle if I don't get some every day." He said. 

"Ok..." I pressed my arm against my twitching cock. "Just have a wank." 

"It doesn't help, mate." He said. 

"You can't get one of your girls round?" I asked, hating the idea. 

"I messaged them all, but they all said that they can't come." he said. 

"That's ironic, neither can you." I said, with a giggle. 

"Fuck off." Danny said with a cheeky smile. 

As happy as having Danny in my room made me, I was getting a little uncomfortable. I was torn between my mind and my cock. One telling me that I shouldn't be near him right now, the other telling me to pounce on him. 

"I was in my room, thinking about you." Danny said, a little sheepish. 

"Oh yeah." I said, even more confused. 

"Your gay." He said. 

"Yes." I said. 

"You must be good at sucking cock." He said. 

"I like to think so." I said, expecting him to come out with a sarcastic comment. 

"So, how about sucking mine?" He said, unable to looking at me. 

I felt my cock jump at the thought.

"What?" I said, trying to figure out if he was joking or not. 

"You heard me." He said. 

"Dude, your straight." I said, nervously. 

"I am, but you're not." He said. 

"Yes, but isn't getting a dude to suck you cock....a Little gay?" I said. 

"Just a friend helping another." He said, seemingly unconvinced by his own words. 

"Are you sure that you want this." I asked. 

"Mate...." He leaned toward me. "I need this." 

With his face being only a few inches from mine, I couldn't help myself. I launched forward and planted a kiss on his plump lips. 

"Sorry..." I leaned back against the headboard. "I got a little carried away."

Danny said nothing, he just gave me a look that I'd not seen from him before. His hands rushed toward me and took hold of my face. He quickly pulled me toward him and kissed me hard. In no time at all, we were making out. 

While our tongues wrestled, I reached down, in search of his crotch. When my hand connected with his cock, I jumped with shock. He was already fully erect and ready for play time. 

I wrapped my fingers around his solid shaft and began to gently stroke it. He gasped with each movement of my hand. I pulled out of the kiss, desperate to see his cock in my hand. 

He was bigger then I thought he would be, He was definitely a grower. 

"Wow." I gasped. 

Danny just smiled, while watching my hand work on his tool. 

"Come and lay down." I said, ushering him to lay beside me. 

He turned himself around and laid back, resting his head on a pillow. I disappointingly lost grip of his cock during his movements. 

I shuffled down the bed and climbed between his legs. Not wanting him to change his mind, I wasted no more. I dove forward and brought my tongue out to meet his balls. 

I slowly licked at his sack, tasting his sweat with each lap.

"That feels good." Danny moaned. 

I looked up at him, to see him looking down at me with an amazing smile. 

"Suck my cock." He ordered. 

Wrapping my fingers around his throbbing shaft, I brought his cock up toward me. While gripping the base of his tool, I wrapped my lips around him and slowly worked my mouth down his thick shaft. Feeling his fat helmet hit the back of my throat, I kept it there and massaged his cock with my tongue.

"Fuck..." Danny placed a hand of the back of my head. "That's awesome."

Danny held me in place, not allowing me to remove his cock from my throat. Tightly gripping his shaft, I started to wank him off. With each movement, I felt him filling my throat with his pre.

"Oh fuck!" Danny moaned. 

That was the only warning I got, he began to cum into my mouth. His juices filled my throat so quickly, I almost choked. His load was so big, I didn't think it was ever going to end. 

"Wow." Danny gasped, Taking his hand from the back of my head. 

Free from his grip, I slowly slid his cock out of my mouth. I swallowed hard, making sure to take every drop that he had given me. His juice tasted so good, I couldn't help but lap at the cum that still coated his helmet. 

Danny reached down, gently took hold of me and pulled me toward him. As he did, I fell forward, ending up laying on top of him. I felt my solid cock press into is stomach.

"That was awesome, mate." Danny said, still catching his breath. 

"I'm glad you enjoyed it..." I planted a gentle kiss on his lips. " I didn't expect you to cum to quick."

"Dude, is was the best blow that I've ever had, there was no way that I could hold back." he said.

I just smiled at him. 

"Right, I'm going back to bed now." Danny said. 

I honestly thought that he was joking. That was until he pushed me off him and jumped off the bed. He gave me one more quick kiss then rushed out of the room, closing the door behind him. 

My cock fell flaccid through disappointment. I sat up on the bed for a few minutes, debating whether or not I should go to his room to say something. There is nothing worse then being used, although I loved swallowing his meat. 

I climbed back into my bed and fell to sleep, while thinking at him leaving me like that.