 Christmas eve was good for me, I had some friends round and after a few drinks ended up being the last guy still awake with an old school friend of mine. I don't remember how it started as there had been some drinking and some bragging and boasting which lead to dares and challenges. I knew he had a wide taste when it came to sex, he made no secret of that, but I had never even touched another guy, even if the thought had entered my mind before many times.

I guess I must have asked the right questions as there I was laying on the floor as he was licking and sucking on me cock, and it felt so good. I have had many blow jobs from girls before and all have been fantastic but there was something he knew that made it better than any I have ever had. Maybe its true that you only really know how to treat a cock if you have one, I don't know but he was deep throating me as I was trying not to moan loud enough to wake anyone.

I don't know how long he was doing it for but he stopped too soon. Also I didn't notice that as he was sucking on me had had taken his own cock out and as he pulled his mouth off of mine he leant back and pulled my head down towards his. I hadn't ever said anything about wanting to try doing that to him but with my cock still throbbing from the way he had pleasured it I couldn't stop myself. The feeling of his hard cock in my mouth was amazing, it was such a strange feeling to feel something pulse in my mouth, and I held onto it and stroked him as I sucked. It was weird to think that I hadn't had another guys cock in my hand before I had one in my mouth, but both together just made me so horny. I couldn't take it deep but loved slipping the tip of my tongue in his little slit. 

As I was sucking and licking his cock he was wanking me hard with a firm grip, getting faster until I started to moan. To keep me quiet he pushed my head down and I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my throat and I couldn't control myself and fired cum into his hand. I kept on sucking, the feeling of a cock throbbing in your mouth is so addictive, as he moved his hand behind me and I felt his fingers, that were covered in my cum, pressing against my hole. I've played with my arse before and once when a girl was sucking me off she fingered me as well and I almost blew her head off. But right then with his cock in my mouth and feeling him use my cum as a lubricant when he slipped a finger into me I was more turned on than I have ever been. He finger fucked my arse fast and deep, I wanted more and he seemed to know as he pulled it out of me then pushed two fingers in. I could feel my arse being stretched and it hurt a little at first, but the feeling of being filled at both ends soon took over and I started stroking my already hard cock.

After he had finger fucked my arse with two fingers I knew that I needed to be fucked for real, I couldn't stop myself from taking his cock out of my mouth and turning my back to him. He moved onto his side and rubbed the tip of his massive cock between my arse cheeks. I started to moan so he reach round and put his cum covered fingers, fresh from my arse, into my mouth and I sucked on them as I felt the pressure of the head of his cock press against my hole. Then his rock hard cock, wet from my spit and cum, pushed hard and popped into my tight ring.

He just held it there, my arse adjusting to having a cock in it for the first time, as I sucked my cum off of his fingers. Then he slowly pushed deeper into me, it felt like he was ripping my arse apart but was so slow that I could take it. It just kept getting deeper then when I felt his balls against mine I knew he was all the way in. I thought his cock felt big in my mouth but it felt ten times bigger filling my arse.

He held it there filling me, I could feel his cock throb inside me as he reached round and stroked my cock again which was already hard. Very slowly he started to pull out, I could feel every inch of his cock, then when just the head was still in me he pushed it slowly back deep inside. he did this a few times, it felt so good every time then he quickly slammed his cock right up into me in one fast thrust. I couldn't stop myself from letting out a loud moan and we waited motionless to see if anyone had heard, if they had and come in then there would have been no hiding the fact I was being fucked.

We waited in silence, I could feel my heart and his cock throbbing, then he started to fuck me slowly using his whole length. It felt so good when it was moving inside me but what really got me hot was that I knew how big his cock was from trying to fit it in my mouth, so every time I felt his stomach against my back I knew just how much was inside me. He got faster and his breath got deeper and I could feel him twitching inside me, I knew he was going to fire into me and I wanted to feel it so bad.

We got to the point of not trying to be quiet, the noise of his thighs slapping against my arse turned me on even more. He pushed me face down and held my hips as he used his full weight to drive his cock right up me. I couldn't move if I wanted to but all I wanted was to feel his spunk in me. He let out a moan as his last thrust made him empty his balls into me, I could feel his hot seed inside me as his cock twitched and throbbed.

We lay there with him throbbing inside me for a while then he pulled out, that felt so good feeling my arse slide around the head of his cock. then he turned me over and knelt beside me taking my head in his hands, I didn't need much prompting and took his cum covered cock fresh from my arse into my mouth. I sucked it hard and felt the last drops of his cum go down my throat. Feeling it in my mouth while I could still feel where it had been in my arse. After I had given it a good clean we lay down to sleep without saying a word, but he gave me a look that said that he knew that he could use me any time he wanted and I knew he was right.