 This is a true story. I hope you enjoy and I enjoy your comments too! Thanks.

***

I was parked in the lot of a park near the University of Texas at Dallas as the sun was going down. I would sometimes stop at this parking lot to stroke in my car before going home which was not too far away. I had also used the parking lot as a meeting place for hookups that wanted to suck my cock. It is a good spot, in that, the approach for cars and foot traffic are very visible and no one can really surprise you as long as you keep watching rather than closing your eyes while getting your tool worked. Of course, that is sometimes difficult.

Mine was the only car there until another small sedan pulled into the lot. I stepped out to smoke a cigarette and stare at porn on my phone. It was getting dark fast now. Dark enough that I had not zipped up nor fully put my dick back into my boxers after stroking some in my car before. I was extremely horny but had been unable to find an available sucker into car head (which is a big turn on for me).

After about ten minutes, I hear a car door close from the other car which was a good 100 feet away. A young twinkish white boy, clearly a college student, started walking over towards me. I was surprised because I had never been approached here before. He walked up and greeted me and asking if he might bum a smoke which I supplied. We started making mild chit chat and he asked me what I was up to and it was plainly clear to me that I was being cruised. I was thrilled!

I answered with "just hanging out here before I head home" and the tension was palpable. It was fully dark now. He clear saw that my pants were unzipped and I did not conceal that I had porn on my phone. I decided that fortune favors the bold and asked him if he liked to suck cock...which he replied with an enthusiastic yes.

I wanted him to get on his knees right there with my car blocking the view from the road, but he was too nervous for that. So, we got in my Corolla and I pulled down my trousers and boxers releasing my stiff cock. I'd been turned on for hours and the precum had been oozing for quite a while. My cock is a grower and was rock hard at its six and a half inch potential. Not the longest, but I do have some good girth and a well defined mushroom head. I was aching for some release and the wet spot on my boxers and the glistening cock head reflected that fact.

He leaned over the console between us and took me in his mouth. I drew in a sharp breath upon feeling his warm wet lips engulf me and I heard him moan as well. His tongue swirled around my head as he held me in his mouth and used his hand to squeeze out all the precum from my cock from root to tip. I love a sucker who likes precum because I ooze a river of it.

I checked around for uninvited guests while I felt him sucking and nursing my cock head as his right hand cupped my ample ball sack and he gently kneaded my balls. I breathed a little harder watching his head slowly go up and down. I ran my hand through his soft mop of brown curls and moaned with delight. My legs opened a little wider and I leaned the seat back a little more hoping that sweet mouth would take more of me in. He worked me up and down at a slow steady pace twisting his head to the right and left from time to time. I heard him softly moan and his breathing increased. He re-positioned himself onto his knees so he was more directly over my dick. It was very clear that this kid was no newbie to sucking cock nor doing it in a car. I fucking loved it.

My left hand gripped a handful of his hair, an action he loved, because he throated me to the root. My leg shook with the pleasure of it and he whimpered his own. I told him he was such a good boy and a dirty cock sucker and his enthusiasm increased, It was clear that he liked a little humiliation and dominance which I supplied. 

I pulled his head off my cock by the handful of hair and put his mouth on my sack. He moaned loudly and eagerly licked and sucked by balls. I pressed his face into my sack and pulled him off and onto my dick. His moans increased as my hips began to rock and my hand forced his head down onto me as I face fucked hm. His breathing increased and the slurping/gagging sounds uttered from him as I pumped his tight mouth. It felt so good to feel his face depressed into me and the tightness of the back of his throat as he struggled to yawn it open to avoid gagging.

I released him and he shot up taking in a deep breath. His watery eyes and wet chin enhanced the little wicked smile on his face. He loved the throat fucking. I told him that the three day load in my sack was his now to take. He lowered his head back down and draped himself across the seat and console. He surprised me because rather than start pumping my dick for that load...he lightly and sweetly tonuged my cock head. The tip of his tongue flickered with energy at the hole and under the head. The sensation was electric to me. I squirmed and moaned in my seat. My legs shaking involuntarily as he worked it. All his skills were on display to me now. 

I managed to look around again and the coast was still clear as started to pump and suck and lick and stroke my dick. The pressure and speed varied as well as the depth of his oral assault. Both legs were quivering now and my hips arched forward. My arms were spread with one hand on the door and another on the passenger seat. I felt the swelling beginning and I told him I would cum soon. His only response was to cup my sack again and start to pump my cock from tip to base with his mouth moaning and whimpering all the while. 

Cries began escaping my tightly closed mouth as my orgasm approached. I cried, "Oh my God!" when the first jet of cum shot like a rocket from my dick coating the back of his throat. He squealed at the same time and my right hand pushed his head down deeper onto me. My left was white knuckled as the second rope sprang out and he swallowed as best he could. My body convulsed and trembled with each eruption and I tried to keep the volume of my ecstasy at minimum which was very difficult! 

He squeezed my nuts as four more ropes of cum pumped forth into his hungry throat and mouth. I felt him swallow again and as the last rope exited me the tension released and I collapsed back into the seat. He slowly sucked me and worked out all the cum he could from my spent dick. I shuddered and trembled each time he squeezed the head. I sat there trying to breathe as my world spun around me. He gave my wilting cock one last head sucking pop and sat up. He smiled in the dark and whispered a thank you before exiting which I barely had the wind to return.

The End