 Matt perused his way through my well-appointed apartment very freely. He felt very comfortable and was relaxed enough with me to feel at ease in a stranger's home. After all, we just met some two hours ago at the pool, took a naked shower together, groped each other's genitals in the lockers and made out in the car. Can this afternoon get any more extraordinary than it already has? I guess I will find out. 

"Matt, would you care for a beer?" I asked my young friend? 

"Um, sure, its just that I've never had alcohol before, my parents have been really strict about it." 

"Well, your parents are not here are they." I winked at him, to which he gave me his very best attempt at a sexy smile back. It made him look all the more adorable and extremely alluring. 

I cracked open the ice-cold beer and handed it to Matt. The beer was of a stronger variety and I hope that it would sooth his nerves if not his inhibition. I took one for myself too. 

"Come, let's sit on the couch." 

I took him by the hand and led him to our comfortable sofa. Matt sat close to me, his thighs touching mine while my arms draped around the back of the couch. He seemed very relaxed and our energies mingled very easily. 

In front of us was my large screen TV. It was connected to my computer. I looked over at Matt and smiled and naughty smile. 

"So, what would you like to do now?" 

"I dunno,"Matt smiled back, "what did you have in mind?" 

"Well, I thought perhaps we could enjoy our beers, relax and watch some porn together." Matt's eyes widen, his breath shortened a bit and I could see his heart beating a little faster.

"Really? We could do that?" Matt had a wide smile on his face. The idea of it made him very flush. 

"Yes cutie, I think it would be fun." I leaned in and kissed the tip of his nose, which made him giggle. 

"So what are we going to watch Josh?"

As I looked over at Matt, I could see his young erection had grown considerably in his pants. It pushed proudly against the length of his zipper in his khaki shorts, which were a size too small. 

I stared openly and smiled and Matt parted his legs slightly as he caught my gaze. He bit his bottom lip as he allowed me to drink in his ever so youthful and pristine body and the expression of his swollen member in his shorts. 

It was all I could do not to reach out and grab him. However, I wanted to savor this moment and not rush it, we had all weekend and the beer was slowly kicking in. I turned on the TV and switched the source mode to PC. I could hear Matt's breathing had increased and he held his beer tightly and sipped it frequently. 

"I have quite a few different type of movies saved on my hard drive, is there anything you like?" I asked. 

"I don't know, like I said my parents are very strict and they keep close track of my computer and stuff. The only time I get to watch porn is when I am at a friend's place." 

He looked a little forlorn, which meant that I would be the one to induct him into new and sexy experiences. 

"Well, we will have to change that now won't we," I said with a smirk. 

Matt smile eagerly back at me. "Yes we will," he chuckled. 

I worked the mouse and found one of my favorite movies; it was a compilation of cum shots, facials and sexy girls devouring penises and inordinate amounts of sperm. The movie clip came on instantly with no preamble, it opened with a scene of a gorgeous, well hung, shaved penis being sucked on by a well made up young porn star. 

The music was raunchy and the action quite raw. A woman's red lips wrapped around a swollen manhood as her hands worked his shaft, his cock was glistening with spit from her ministrations. 

The head of his cock regularly protruded from her cheeks as it slipped back and forth past her lips. It was a particularly hot and erotic scene. I looked over at Matt, his mouth was ajar and his eyes were the size of dinner plates. He was not moving, just sitting there, holding his beer, staring at the scene before him; the music, the dirty moans and groans and the explicit sexuality unraveling on the screen. His penis at this point was at full erection. It could not have protruded any further in his ever so tight pants; the fabric was stretched to the maximum and I loved how it looked. 

It was not long before the onscreen Adonis had a powerful orgasm and erupted an unconscionable amount of warm semen all over the actresses face. She held her mouth open and he filled it with what seemed like endless streams of cum. Her face was covered in man seed and she added to the raunch fest by letting the sperm overflow out her mouth and down her chin. The scene ends. 

I reached for the mouse and quickly paused it; Matt took a breath, sat back in the couch, took a quick sip of his beer and looked over at me rather incredulously. I wasn't quite sure if that was too much for him. 

"Soooo... what did you think of that?" I asked tentatively.

He just stared at me for a while as he tried to form his thoughts. "I've never seen anything like it..." Matt paused and gazed around for words to complete his sentence. "It's amazing!!" 

Phew. 

He liked it. 

"Oh yeah? It's not too crazy for you?" 

"No! I've always wanted to see movies like that." 

He looked back at the paused screen again with the blurred abstract picture of sperm dripping off chin. He still looked somewhat stunned, but it seemed like a good stun and his gorgeous erection certainly approved. 

"Shall I continue?" 

"Oh...yes please." 

So I clicked the mouse and continued the clip. The next scene was a threesome scene, it was just a few minutes long, but it covered all the bases, the finale was particularly unique and extremely erotic. The two young actresses were in a sixty-nine position, moaning, writhing and eating each other out while the hung actor was penetrating the girl on top. 

The camera cut to a close up of the penis entering the very pink, wet and bald pussy. Before long, the actor tensed and begin ejaculating hard inside the girl on top, you could see his cock twitch and small droplets of sperm escaping the side of her labials. 

As he finished his orgasm, he slowly pulled out and along with it a deluge of cum came streaming out from the pussy of the girl on top. The girl on the bottom opened her mouth and started to lap up the warm creamy fluids. 

She peeled her friend open and slid her tongue deep into her wet hole, encouraging even more sperm to flow out into her mouth, which she quickly devoured. I paused the movie again. 

"So? What did you think of that one?" 

"Wow! I've never seen stuff like this before. That was so...um..." 

"Explicit?" I helped him out. 

"Yeah, it was. But I liked it, I mean, look." Matt led my gaze down to his shorts and his prominence was all too apparent. 

"Mmmm that looks very sexy Matt."

I reached out and slowly caressed his erection through his shorts. Tracing the outline from top to bottom. Matt sighed and closed his eyes, he let out a soft moan and I slowly teased him. 

"Josh?" 

"Yes?" 

"Can I have another beer? I like how it is making me feel." 

I lifted my hand off his crotch and grabbed us a couple more cold strong beers. 

"Before we continue with the movie, I have a suggestion." 

"What is it?" Matt asked. 

"Lets strip down to our undies, I want to see more of your gorgeous body." I smiled at him. 

It was all I had to say, Matt placed his beer down, stood up and took off his t-shirt and teasingly pulled of his shorts. His young erection pushed firmly against his briefs, lifting the band 

off his belly by about half an inch. I stood up next and undressed to my briefs as well, Matt, a little more uninhibited, kept his eye on my body and my manhood as I threw my clothes to one side. 

We both sat down again, laid back and splayed ourselves out on the couch and gazed over at each other crotches. This time I placed my arms around Matt's shoulders and held him close to me. Without any protest, he cuddled up into me, looked up at me with those young puppy dog eyes, leaned over and gave me a long deep kiss. 

It was wet, sensuous and extremely erotic. I don't know how, but I hardened even more. I reached over and stroked his naked chest, Matt moaned softly as my fingers found his nipples. We kissed for a few minutes and then I broke the seal of our lip lock. 

"Ready for more porn gorgeous?" 

Matt beamed me a beautiful smile back and nodded. The next half hour or so passed with varied scenes of creampies, cum swapping, cum eating and just general raw explicit sex. Cocks, lips and pussies were the main characters of this viewing genre, while supporting the sexy filth was lots of sperm and pussy juice filling tight holes and warm mouths. 

As I cradled Matt in my arms, and we both took in the display of hardcore eroticism, I would keep reaching over and touching my boy. Caressing his chest, gently sucking on his ears and the nape of his neck, as well as reaching down and rubbing his throbbing erection through his briefs. 

Matt in turn would reciprocate in the same way. We both loved rubbing each other's bulges and it wasn't long before that was all we did as we enjoyed the hardcore sexuality before us. 

"You are making me so hard Josh," Matt said through shallow breathing. 

"I can see that handsome... so what do you think, shall we get naked?" I smiled sexily at Matt. 

"Yes, I'm definitely ready." 

I paused the movie again and we both stood up. Matt stood facing me, I pulled him close, looked him in the eye, smiled and leaned in and gave him a wet sexy kiss. Mat moaned deeply, the reverberations passing through his chest into mine. 

I wrapped my arms around his waist, moving my hands slowly up and down his back, our lips were locked and our tongues intertwined. Behind us was the frozen screen of a beautiful face covered in sperm. 

As we kissed, I could feel Matt pressing his young beautiful cock against me through his briefs. I responded by pressing back and slowly grinding against him. I could feel him move his hands unto my butt, pulling me closer, wanting to feel more sensation and pressure as his cock rubbed up against mine. 

I broke our kiss and start to lick his neck, slowly and sexily. Matt leaned his head back slightly, groaned and exposed his bare flesh for my licking pleasure. That was all we seemed to do, grope, caress, lick, kiss and moan. 

We were both pretty heated and well warmed up at this point. Our inhibitions had flowed away like the sperm off the women's faces. Still passionately kissing Matt, I moved my hands down his back till I found the band of his briefs. I slide my hands under it and began to pull his bottoms off. It fell easily to the ground and I could feel Matt's gorgeous bare hard cock pressing on my belly. 

I kept my hands on his perfectly shaped, taut, young ass, kneading them, massaging them all the while pulling his erection onto my own. It was Matt's turn next to return the favor, his hands found my undies and made short work of them. 

There we were, two naked guys in my living room. One fit, lean, older man in his early forties embracing and passionately consuming a young, slim, good looking youthful boy. Our two raging erections rubbed slowly, but intensely against each other. 

Matt's hands was groping my bare ass, as my hands roamed his young naked body. We kissed, licked, moaned and we ground our hard cocks together. I could feel our precum flowing copiously and mixing, leaving wet warm sticky trails all over our bellies. It was simply divine. 

"Oh Matt, I am so glad I met you. I love that you are here with me... I want you all to myself sweetheart," I moaned in his ear. 

Matt reached down and found my cock; he grasped my length in his hands and started to stoke me. 

"Josh," he breathed heavily "I can't believe this is happening... mmm... I'm totally losing control... and I love it," he said between breaths. 

I gave Matt's beautiful lips a kiss again, "I love it too my beautiful boy, I feel like I am having the sexiest dream right now." 

As we stood there in my living room, buck naked, groping, kissing and grinding, an inspiration came to me. 

"Matt, I've got a very naughty idea." 

"What is it?" 

"Why don't we make our own porn video? I have a video camera and I want to film us having hot sex together in my wife's bed." I gave him a very naughty smile. 

Matt lit up, "Wow, that does sound very naughty. I'll let you do it on one condition..." I reached out and fondled Matt's balls, 

"What's the condition sweetie?" 

"I'll let you film us having sex as long as I can call you Daddy ." 

Oh My God! I just about exploded. The passing of the last two hours flashed through my head, meeting at the pool, flirting, kissing and now this?! Wow, ask and ye shall receive indeed. 

"I would love it if you called me Daddy, as long as you will be daddy's baby boy, " I cooed. 

"Ohhhhh... I'd love to your baby boy!" he said joyfully. 

"Let's go to my room lover, daddy wants to sex you up on his bed." 

"Mmmm, please sex me up daddy." 

... 

I set the video camera up on our chest of drawers facing the bed. The camera was a gift from my father-in-law. It was meant for our honeymoon and all the trips my wife and I would take together. At first it was put to good use, but after a few years, it simply sat in the gadget drawer gathering dust. 

As I checked the display of the camera, it showed a previously recorded thumbnail of my wife and I on our very last trip together. After a reminiscent pause, I set that memory aside as I had more immediate things in front of me at the moment. What's more important, there is still a lot of recording space left on the camera. 

The power light of our Handicam glowed red and the lens whirred into focus. I stood with Matt at the edge of the bed, we held each other's hands and gazed and smiled into each other's eyes. Our cocks were still rock hard, the tips brushing up against each other. 

Matt took the initiative, stood on his toes and gave me a loving kiss. I opened my mouth and received his lips and tongue that followed. The whole intensity of our energy had settled a little and it feels we could pace our pleasure with a little more control now. 

"Sweetie, have you ever tasted a man's cock before?" 

"Mm, no daddy, I haven't, but I suspect I am about too..." Matt said with a twinkle in his eye. 

"Get on your knees for me baby boy," I smiled. 

"Okay Daddy," Matt smiled back with delight. 

Matt got on his knees in front of me. He looked up and saw my proud member and full sexy balls above his face. I looked down and saw a beautiful young boy, ready to be initiated into pleasure beyond his, and my, wildest dreams. 

I started to caress his face with my cock, rubbing his cheek slowly from one side to the next with my erection. Matt closed his eyes, smiled and moaned as I teased him. I moved the head of my cock and gently brushed it over his lips. I did it a few times and with each pass, he opened his mouth a little more. 

On the fifth pass, Matt opened his eyes, gave me a smile and allowed me to slide my manhood into his mouth. 

"Ohhhhhh!" My eyes rolled back into my head. 

Time stopped. All that existed was the warmth and wetness of his mouth. After a long moment, I opened my eyes and looked down at the vision beneath me. My cock was encircled by Matt's full luscious lips. What a sight. 

I slowly began to move my cock in and out of his mouth. He followed my lead and started to match my rhythm, applying nice pressure on me as he gave his first blowjob. I reached down and held the back of his head to guide him, Matt in turned closed his eyes and reveled at the thought that here he was, naked, on his knees, with an erection in his mouth, about to have real sex for the first time with an older, handsome, married man. 

For someone who was still a virgin, he sucked with great intuition. I could feel his tongue swirl around my cockhead, he wasn't shy in exploring the meat of my manhood, all the while he could taste the salty precum following freely down his throat. 

In the mean time, the camera whirred quietly in the corner, capturing the illicit sexuality of the moment. After about fifteen minutes of the most incredible oral pleasures from my young boy lover, I stood him up and gave him a deep wet kiss. I wanted to taste my own juices in his mouth and he happily obliged. 

We swap spit for a about minute and made the sexiest wet slurping sounds as we kissed. I broke the kiss and swallowed what was left of Matt's spit and my precum. It was yummy. 

"It's your turn my baby love. Lie on the bed for your daddy, I want to taste my baby boy's cock." 

"Ooo, yes Daddy." Matt lay on my wife's side of the bed, he made himself comfortable on her pillows. 

I crawled up from the bottom of the bed towards him and fixed my eyes on his beautiful young erection. He instinctively parted his legs and I laid on my belly, between his legs, with his cock inches from my face. 

Matt looked down at my expectantly, his breathing was heavy as this would be the first time he would experience a man's mouth on his cock. I held his shaft gently and kissed it softly on all sides. I could feel him tremble as I made my way down and licked each of his balls. They certainly undulated their approval. 

As I pleasured my young lover, I used one finger to gently tease his anus. He responded immediately by raising his hips, spreading his legs wider as his eyes rolled back in ecstasy. A small rivulet of precum began to flow down the bottom of his turgid shaft and I lapped it up as quickly as it flowed, relishing the sweet salty fresh taste of teen cock. 

With the picture of my wife on the side table overlooking our passionate encounter, I brought my boy's erection into my mouth and began to suck him in earnest. He cried out loudly as the pleasure overwhelmed him. I worked my lips and tongue slowly from the top of his cock right down to the base. I sucked him from all different angles, his cock pressed and protruded against my cheeks from the inside, just like the porn stars did on the TV. 

After a few more sucks, I could feel Matt tense up. His orgasm was about to arrive, so I kept the rhythm steady and firm. With one last gasp, he arched his back, grabbed tightly at the sheets and exploded forcefully in my mouth. It was the orgasm that didn't stop, his whole body convulsed on the bed as he screamed his pleasure. 

"AHH! AHH! Yeearghhh...!!" 

His cum was incredibly fresh and sweet. I swallowed as much as I could, but what extra was there began to overflow out the sides of my lips. It was delicious dirty and sexy. His cock

was a sight to behold, completely covered in warm creamy liquid, now flowing down to his balls. I just kept lapping at it until I was satisfied. 

Finally, he slumped back into the bed and released the sheets from his death grip. I climbed up next to him to check on his condition, he batted his dilated eyes at me, smiled a half smile and mouthed, "Daddy I love you." 

And with those words, the world began to fade for him, consciousness began to slip and he fell into a sleep of deep content. I reached for the Handicam on the chest of drawers, saved the file and turned it off. I crawled into bed with my young lover, covered ourselves with the duvet and cuddled his body into mine as I joined him in the peace of sleep. 

This has been a very memorable afternoon. Our affair had just began. 

*** 

Thank you for following this series. If you enjoyed it, please do take a moment to vote and comment, as it is very encouraging and inspires me to continue writing. Cheers!