 As Matt got into the front passenger seat of my car, I unlatched the ragtop and flipped the convert switch. There was a whirr of small servos and the roof gave way to bright sunshine and the rustling of branches and sparkling green leaves. 

We were in the parking lot of the community pool; it was mostly empty as most of the summer swimmers were at the National Fair that was in town. I looked over at Matt, my heart clenched with excitement, my stomach with butterflies and my manly cock twitching with anticipation. 

Here was a young, barely 18-year-old boy sitting in my car, ready to go home with me. He was looking back at me with lovely eyes, full sexy lips and a healthy bulge to match. He was in a pair of khaki shorts that was half an inch too short. The fine blonde hairs of his smooth young thighs were glistening in the sun against the creaminess of his slender legs. He was not doing much to hide his erection that pressed urgently against the fabric of his pants, forming a nice unmistakable full bulge along axis of his zipper. 

After our encounter in the shower, we were both noticeably more relaxed, as well as braver in how we expressed ourselves with each other. Matt leaned back a bit; all the while holding eye contact with me, smiling and suggestively stuck his hips out, I followed his gaze as he looked down toward his crotch, his beautiful erection straining in his pants. 

It was like he was silently saying to me, "Here daddy, this is for you, this is how hard your boy is". "Damn..." I whispered quietly. I could not help myself; I reached out and slowly caressed his thighs, applying firm but sensual pressure. I ran my fingers against the glistening fine blonde hairs on his legs, trying to feel each one rise as it met my touch. 

Goosebumps appeared instantly, his breath quivered and we both seemed to stop breathing for an eternal moment. All that was present was the rustling of leaves and the shower of sunshine pouring all over our freshly cleansed and aroused bodies. It was electric and I was alive. 

I was the first to open my eyes and look over at him. His head was planted in the headrest, eyes closed and chest heaving erotic breaths. I moved my hands up between his legs and slowly rubbed his crotch through the khaki. In that same moment, I leaned in and gave him a long, slow, wet, sexy kiss. It was the most sumptuous thing I ever experienced. 

I parted his lips open with my tongue and sealed our labials together. His tongue snaked out to meet mine and our kissing was like two wet fleshy serpents writhing in the heat of mating. I moaned my pleasure, he groaned his surrender and I grabbed a hand full of his young lovely erection in his shorts and slowly tried to pump him. 

Then it occurred to me that we were in an open parking lot, the top down, in full view of anyone that was coming or going. If you were to walk by, you would see moving limbs, lips, tongues and lustful gropes. If you walked closer by, you would hear the "Mm's" and "Ah's" of our passions mingling and mixing like our spit. If you got even closer, you would notice that here was a man passionately consuming a boy, with hands fondling crotches and genitals be groped and massaged. 

Not surprisingly, that thought sent a jolt of sexual electricity straight down to the very tip of my swollen cock. I could almost hear it go pop. The forbidden-ness of what we were doing, the taboo factor of the age difference and the fact that he was barely legal stirred the furnace of a sexual fire I had not felt since my marriage some ten years ago. This was what I have been longing for, this was what used to make me feel so alive, this was what I'd happily cheat on my wife for. 

Oh goodness...my wife! 

I'm MARRIED! 

SHIT! 

I forgot it all in that moment! Suddenly, images of church bells, flowing gowns, champagne glasses and white roses flashed through my head. I am cheating on my wife with an 18 year old boy! What am I doing?! 

I opened my eyes and came back into my body, into the car and realized that I was still clutching on to Matt's twitching erection through his pants. He was laying there with eyes closed with a pained looked of pleasure furrowed in his brows, completely lost in the pleasure of it all. 

In that moment, the bubble burst with a mighty "thwump" and reality came rushing in like a bad flush. I looked around and realized where I was and what I was doing. Oh god! What just happened?! What did I just do?! 

I quickly let go of Matt's crotch and looked at my hands in disbelief, like as if it was just possessed by some unknown demon. I strained at my hand to see if I could catch a glimpse of that invisible puppeteer. 

With a heavy sigh, I fell back into the leather of my seat. All I knew was that I was breathing and something powerful had just overcome me. I couldn't tell you if I was in shock, bliss or, worst still, trouble. All I knew was just my breath and somewhere I heard a bird chirp. 

Then slowly, images start to filter through my consciousness. Shower, soap, cock, tongues, moaning, a young face, hurried gropes and hungry kisses. I was there, it was not a dream, it happened. My heart squeezed, paused and then fell into the pit of my stomach. I just seduced a teen boy and had nothing short of a powerful sexual exchange. 

For God sakes, I felt like we both fucked each other's aura till it oozed and dripped with cum. 

I unconsciously rested one arm on the car door and braced my head on my hand. Reality ended. ... I couldn't say for how long I stayed that way, it felt like lifetimes had passed, but I was brought back from my trance when I felt a warm hand slide onto my thigh. 

"Wha...??" 

And there he was, Matt. He was still beside me, sitting there lost in his own world, completely oblivious to the armageddon that had just passed through my system. 

"Hi", he smiled, his eyes still vacant and lost in the stupor of the pleasure he just experienced. 

"Mmm, that was so amazing Josh. I think I must have fell asleep for a bit, did I?" 

"Um...I dunno know, I was pretty...er...gone too." 

"That's good", Matt said. He took a restful breath, closed his eyes and turned his head back straight on to the headrest, seemingly luxuriating in the afterglow of our sexual tryst. 

Interestingly, I found myself relaxing and my stomach unknotting. "It's okay", a voice in my head said, "apparently you didn't do anything wrong, he is totally blissful". I let out a long sigh of relief. It's all okay. I didn't break him or corrupt his soul into eternal damnation. What am I saying, I didn't corrupt MY soul into eternal damnation. "Pheww." 

"Hmm? What's that?" Matt said half consciously. 

"Oh, um, nothing, just loving what we just experienced." I said with a half nervous smile. 

"Yes, I loved it to, that was so amazing." With a little more life in him, Matt turned toward me again, placed one hand on my thigh, leaned in and gave me a loving kiss. 

"Mm...Oh my", I thought to myself, "that...feels really nice." 

My lips parted for Matt and we kissed, softly this time, with a sweet earnesty and with much less urgency. His hands gratefully rubbing my thighs as his lips made love to mine. 

Along the sidewalk that ran the length of the parking lot, at an almost safe distance away, a couple was pushing a pram. The wife looked over and caught a glimpse of two guys making out in a convertible. She nudged her husband and pointed her chin in our direction. She whispered something to him and he nodded with raised eyebrows; they continued their walk. 

I wonder if they knew what was actually going on, I wonder if they knew how young the other guy was and that Matt had already slipped his hand onto my now hardening cock and was massaging me.

Matt's warm wet lips and slow kisses started to bring a warmth of assurance and confidence back into my being. The storm of emotion and along with the specter of having committed an unthinkable act, slowly begin to dissolve the apparition of confusion and guilt. 

I reached up to his face and caressed it as I returned his kisses. The feel of his hands playing with my cock roused my spirit and the feelings of life and living returned to my soul. His kisses moved from my lips to my neck. He slurped slowly along the length of my sinews and my eyes began to roll back into my head. 

I reached out to him and searched for the promise land, finding it quickly, growing once more under my touch. Secretly, I wondered if that couple would walk by again and catch us in our open display of affection and lust. Secretly, it turned me on. Now that fear had turned to back into poise and concern into certainty, a conviction began to grow and root itself deep in the atoms of my being. 

I had passed through the gauntlet of my mind and made it out the other side and I felt it is time I committed myself to this new, shall we say, adventure. The heat of our lust had initiated an alchemy that has now taken me past the point of no return. What was once unthinkable, a boy, an affair, a gay affair, was now seemingly becoming a new found reality. 

As our energies mated intimately together, with our hands between each other's legs and tongues down each other's throats, my young lover and I were initiated onto a journey few traversed, a journey that braved new boundaries and challenged old ones and set new standards of experiencing love and lust. 

Hence, in this one afternoon, after passing through heavenly pleasures and the hell of guilt, the doldrums of marriage, midlife and complacency turned into rebirth and a new found spirit in my soul that started to burned away all the dross of normalcy. 

And we hadn't even left the parking lot yet.

*****

Stay Tuned for part 3.

If you enjoyed this story, do drop a comment and a vote. I appreciate it a lot and it inspires me to keep writing. Thanks so much!