 It was Friday around Christmas time, and my buddy and I been out for the day, doing our own things but met up at around 5 as we were driving out of town to catch a jazz show at the University. It was only a 2-hour drive. The time was spent smoking cigarettes and talking as we always did. About half-way there, his van had engine trouble, forcing us into a small town. Of course the only service station was closed so with no choices, we left the van and walked to the motel to hopefully get a room for the night. Money was tight so after picking up a bottle of rum, some food or other, some coke and a few beers, we took a room and headed inside. 

It was pretty early, maybe 7 - we watched hockey, drank and hung out. Eventually, we smoked a joint, and because we were both getting ready to pass out, turned off the TV, killed the lights and took our last beers into the one bed in the room. We took pillows to opposite ends of the bed and passed the last few minutes finishing our beers in the dark, and then went to sleep.

I woke up a little while later, and went to pee, and it was still very dark out and it was snowing. The lights from the parking lot were annoying, as the drapes didn't seem to block out the light. I could hear people outside and remember that as always been the case, I felt like opening up the second floor curtains and standing naked in front of them, but thought better of it and got back into bed and had a smoke.

As I lay there, I became aware that the gym shorts my bud chose to wear to bed were very loose at the legs, but I dismissed any curiosity as I had seen him naked plenty of times since we lived together. Plus I was getting so much pussy that I couldn't believe I was even thinking about this.

I finished my smoke and turned on my side. I was looking at his knees, but I drifted off, waking up again to find that we had both shifted our bodies down toward the middle of the bed, and I found that my hand was only about an inch from his waste band. 

I lay silently, but as usual, my cock started to tell me what to do. I had never felt this before, at least not with another guy. He was sleeping soundly, and any serious attempts to stop thinking these nasty thoughts were negated by the stiff cock between my legs. 

I slowly moved my fingers down toward the baggy legs of his basketball shorts, and gently moved upward, under them, until I was touching the inside of his thigh. He moved so I stopped. Every time he stopped moving, and being satisfied that he was sleeping, I moved slowly higher until I felt his balls. I froze there, and waited. He turned on his side and my hand was not inside his shorts anymore, but I slid down lower until my head was about a foot from his crotch. I waited for a few minutes, and then I slowly reached out and ran my fingers over what would have been his pubic hair, and then he stirred. I stopped and then thinking that he was waking up, I started to pull downward on the elastic waste band of his shorts so I could see his blonde hair. He assisted by pulling them down a little but not all the way. At that point, I stopped because I wasn't sure about all of this. He got up and went to the bathroom. I stayed where I was. 

When he came back to bed, he lit a smoke, and from his back, pulled down his shorts again until his hair was completely exposed. I put my hand on his stomach and rubbed it gently, but worked my way over his abdomen and eventually I was running my fingers through his cock hair. It was thin and wispy. He finished his smoke and when he returned to his back after putting it out, I moved over and started kissing his stomach, moving slowly downward. I could smell his cock, and it was then that I made the decision that I would pull his shorts off. I first wrapped my hand around the hard cock under his shorts -- the first time I had ever done that- his cock was pulsating and he lifted up his butt so I took my cue. Pulling them down his legs, I returned to my position beside him on the bed, me on my side and him on his back. He was smoking again. I was massaging his warm cock with one hand and my other hand was around my own. He was very wet with pre-cum. I knew I liked the taste of that, because I liked to taste my own. 

I propped myself on my elbow and knew I didn't have to ask. I stuck my tongue out and licked the head of his cock. I liked that feeling. The pre-cum was running down the length of his cock, so I licked him down the shaft and then put it between my lips so I could kiss it up and down. I was very horny and he was obviously ready to cum, so I grabbed his hand and put it on my cock. He immediately squeezed hard. He was massaging my cock and balls and was pulling my sweat pants off at the same time. The waste band popped over my cock and he started to pump me. I reacted by taking his cock into my mouth all the way down to his balls. I felt the silky head of it trying to tickle my throat but I didn't mind. 

We were about the same size, well he was maybe a little bigger, but when we were not hard, our cocks looked the same. When I was staring at his from this distance, it seemed like something I could manage so I continued to suck him off, and he continued to hold my cock and tickle and squeeze my tight balls. I liked the way my lips moved up and over the head, but the feeling of having that warm pulsing cock all the way in was better. I held it and did circles around it with my tongue. All of this lasted maybe 5 of 6 minutes, until I felt his cock move with the telltale signs that he was going to cum. I made small movements with my tongue and then it started shooting hard into my mouth. He shot about 3 hard loads of cum and then I needed to breath. I removed my wet mouth from his cock and let most of his cum drip onto his cock and balls, but I put the head back into my mouth to feel the last of his warm cream flowing from his slippery cock. 

He simply lay there for about 10 minutes, his hand still massaging my cock gently as we smoked our cigarettes. I was alternately smoking my cigarette and kissing his wet cock, stopping occasionally to kind of pet his cock. I remember telling him that his cock tasted good. He just kept staring at my bare stomach and his eyes moved to my cock and he whispered that he would suck me off. He never took his eyes off my hard cock, and hearing him say that made me want to cum very bad. 

His breath was warm on my cock as he finished his smoke, kissing my shaft and running his thumb over the little slit on the head. I knew I would cum as soon as he put it in his mouth, because I had only had one blowjob to that point and had a low breaking point. I was right about that as he continued to kiss my cock and finally take it in his mouth, only feeling his lips on the head of my very hard cock, I came directly in his mouth. He withdrew and I did the rest on his cheek and neck. He swallowed what cum was in his mouth. He kept my cock in his mouth, very slowly sucking it in and out, allowing the head to slide over his lips and then running his tongue over it. He let my cock slowly get soft. I have always managed to stay hard for a while after cumming, so I enjoyed his mouth playing with me for a good few minutes. 

What followed was kind of surreal as we just lay there at the same end of the bed now, propped up on pillows, naked, maybe a little embarrassed, a little confused, and not saying anything.

There was still a haze of booze confusing us, but that didn't stop us from enjoying another joint. I have no idea what time it was, but if I had to guess it was very early morning, perhaps three o'clock. 

A half hour passed and I guess sleep consumed us. I woke up with him kind of cuddled into me from behind. I could smell soap. I figured he had showered. I also smelled perfume or something scented on top of the smell of soap. I turned slightly and he pushed back on my shoulder to prevent me from moving further, and with that I felt his hard cock pushing into the area between my balls and my ass. It was slippery down there. He had used the lotion from the bathroom to lube up and it was his obvious intention to fuck me. I told him I couldn't do that, and went for a shower. 

I washed my hair and then began soaping and washing myself, paying special attention to my cock and tight balls, and of course, I got hard as a rock again, thinking about that blowjob and also how nice it was to have his nice firm cock in my mouth. 

I started to stroke myself, using lots of soap as lubricant, and then ran a finger inside my ass. More soap, and two fingers, thinking about how it was kind of hot that he was trying to fuck me 15 minutes ago. I had enough, and rinsed well, and towelled off, wrapped it around myself and returned to the room. 

He was on his back, naked, legs were partially spread, hand on his abdomen and a smoke in the other hand. He looked a little shiny in the glow from the outside lights, but it was still dark enough that my inhibitions melted away. I dropped my towel, and climbed in beside him, facing the opposite direction. I noticed the little bottle of hand lotion was still on the nightstand on his side. 

He moved in tight to me and I immediately felt his cock pushing at the little space between my balls and my ass-hole, but I reached behind and found his cock and moved it away from my ass and onto my leg. He was ok with that and was rubbing my shoulders. 

I was getting more relaxed until I started to think about his cock again and how it felt as he was pushing it against my leg and because of how slippery it was; it began to find its way back between my legs again. He reached between us and placed the head against me, and whispered that he wanted to fuck me there. I said nothing and waited for his cock to start to enter. 

The head slid in easily, because he was so well lubed up, but he stopped there. I honestly felt nothing except good, so I pushed against him, giving him the green light to start to go all the way. I took it all, and he decided to fuck slowly which suited me. In and out, I felt his hot cock moving inside me. His pace remained the same until he pulled it out and came on my ass. It felt odd getting fucked as opposed to having my cock inside a pussy. 

Well, what a night that was. He and I had a little difficulty being normal on the drive home, after one more equally strained night in that motel. The second night did not include any cock sharing. He would experiment with his sexuality for a few more months, and eventually, we went our separate ways. 

I still find myself returning to that night in my fantasy time, and even after all these years, I still can say I enjoyed sucking cock and that getting fucked the following morning was not the bad experience I would have imagined it to be. I was only 18 at the time and probably made the decision, due to my good luck with fucking and playing with girls, that this was one for the books, and it can simply remain as one of the best sex memories I have.