 Many people were involved in making their story, so thanks are in order. To June, for being an amazing fag hag and a wonderful editor, to Jacques and Neapolle for the support, and to Leizle for supplying me with facts to interspace with the fiction.

Radleigh from "Promises" makes an appearance in here, to know more about him just check out my other stories.

All characters in the story are 18+. Enjoy!

ooOoo

Part 1

"The research paper you just submitted constitutes 25 percent of your grade. I hope for your own sake you took this project seriously and did well with your assigned topics."

Just get your lecture over already! It's the last day of classes for Christ's sake, Gavin thought while rubbing his tired eyes, forcing them to stay open while listening to his professor's lecture. He was up all night with many of his classmates to finish their research paper, and right now he just wanted to go home and hit the sack as soon as he arrived. He looked out of their classroom's window and saw students from other classes dismissed early by their professors, already enjoying the late afternoon sun and the semestral break.

"One more thing, the dean of our college wants to inform everyone—"

The bell rang, signaling the end of their class. Gavin did not hear what the dean wanted to inform everyone as all around him his classmates cheered, celebrating the end of the semester. Gavin looked at his professor and was amazed to see that he was smiling himself, obviously looking forward to the break just like his students. Gavin stuffed his things inside his bag and started for the door, when he felt his hand pulled by someone. He looked back and saw Valerie, a petite black-haired girl and his good friend, holding his arm.

"Vin, there's going to be a bit of get-together at Jamie's place tonight to celebrate, want to come over later at 6?" Valerie asked him.

Jamie was Valerie's boyfriend and also their classmate; both of them close friends of Gavin. Gavin looked at his watch and saw that the get-together was going to be in less than four hours. He was looking forward to sleeping and not waking up until tomorrow, and he wasn't really up to the idea of tiring himself later.

Valerie saw the hesitation in his eyes and prodded, "Come on Vin, we'll just be chilling out. A few drinks, pizza, movies, you can even sleep over if you want. I only invited our close friends so there wouldn't be much of a crowd. Please Vin, tell me you'll come. Jamie! Convince him."

Valerie pulled her boyfriend beside her. Valerie was very small compared to Jamie's huge and muscular build, but somehow they look very good together. Jamie didn't need to convince Gavin anymore as Valerie set her hazel eyes to Gavin, giving him a look of pure innocence effectively hiding the feisty and headstrong girl that she really was which made her loved by many, Gavin couldn't say no to her.

"Fine, I'll be there," Gavin relented.

Valerie squealed with delight and hugged him, "Great! See you later at 6!"

They said their goodbyes, and then went their separate ways to prepare for the evening.

ooOoo

A few hours later Gavin was making his way to the apartment Jamie was living in. Jamie's hometown wasn't anywhere near the university, but he was born to rich parents who insisted on having their son live on an apartment rather than crowd himself with other boys in the college dorms. This gave Jamie the freedom to do whatever he wanted without bothering other people, so it was natural that any parties and get-togethers of their classmates were done in his place.

Gavin was already a few meters away from Jamie's front door when he heard the door of the next apartment open. Out came two girls and two boys Gavin did not want to see at the moment, or ever.

"Vin!" one of them, Jack, called him, "It's been a long time since we've seen each other! How have you been, still in the closet?" This earned him a laugh from his companions.

Gavin started to cringe, but caught himself in the last moment. He did not want to let this people know he was affected.

"Whatever Jack, I'm not gay. Go bug other people," he said, causing another round of snickers from the group. Gavin rolled his eyes while the other guy, Radleigh, approached him.

"Come on Vin, you know we're just joking," Radleigh said, though his tone was anything but, "however, should the time come that you start liking the D better make it public as soon as possible. Look at Jack and I, our lives have never been dull ever since we came out. Plus, the girls dig gay guys. Isn't that right, Jonie, Flo?" he added, facing the two girls.

Jonie playfully punched him in the arm, "Shut up. We're only sticking with the two of you for your gaydars. It pays to know whether a guy's interested in my goods before I start wasting my emotions on him," she said.

Jack laughed. "You're full of nonsense. You're a natural-born fag hag, your gaydar's just as high-caliber as ours," he countered.

"Anyway," Radleigh said, facing Gavin once again, "we're having dinner together, and then catch up on all the latest gossip. Wanna come with us?"

"No, Jamie's having a get-together with our classmates next door, I already said I would come," Gavin refused. Also having dinner with them just to get grilled about his sexuality is the last thing Gavin would do.

The four of them didn't insist any further, and said their goodbyes to Gavin. He sighed as they walked away, absolutely certain that he's going to be one of the topics of their gossip for tonight. That was why he didn't fancy seeing them at all.

Gavin approached one of the cars parked outside Jamie's apartment and checked his reflection in the mirror. He swept his hand through his black hair. Having cropped his hair close to the skin last month after a frustrating exam he did not worry about having his hair cut right now. His eyes were a different matter altogether. Dark circles were already starting to form around them due to many sleepless nights, though the nap he had earlier returned a bit of life to his brown eyes. He looked at his attire. He woke up having only enough time to take a quick shower and pull on a shirt and jeans. Knowing that he would only be in the company of friends for the night dressing up wasn't that practical.

Gavin entered the apartment without knocking. Located close to the university, Jamie's apartment was Gavin's napping and study place in between classes. Some of his things were also here, in fact he considered this his second home. Being a medical technology student he was loaded not only with course units but also books, equipment, supplies and other medical paraphernalia—having a place that he could leave them but still made them accessible when needed is indeed an amazing asset. Gavin lived only thirty minutes away from the university, but with his very busy schedule he opted to leave many of his things in Jamie's apartment. He made his way to the living room and found out that most of his friends were already there sipping beers and watching The Notebook on the television. Valerie saw him a few seconds later.

"Gavin, I'm so glad you came! I thought you'd sleep and never wake up," Valerie gushed, pulling him to the couches. His other friends greeted him and offered him a beer, which he accepted gratefully. He sipped his beer and relaxed on the couch. Grades were coming up a few weeks from now, but at the moment all that Gavin wanted to do was unwind, he decided that coming to Jamie's wasn't so bad after all. He was here to have fun.

They were halfway through watching the latest installment of Scream when the doorbell rang, causing many of the girls to shriek.

"Gavin, can you please check who is outside? Please!" Valerie implored, hiding her face behind her boyfriend's arm. Jamie looked at Gavin apologetically. Gavin couldn't help but laugh at her while he made his way to the door. If there was indeed a serial killer on the other side Valerie's screams were enough to give him a headache and cause him to look for other people to victimize.

Gavin opened the door and was overwhelmed by the wonderful scent of a designer perfume that was all too familiar to him. Standing outside the door was not a serial killer but he still made Gavin's heart stop for a little while as he looked at him. One name was the only thought in Gavin's mind.

Kiran.

Though he wouldn't admit it to anyone, Gavin took more notice of a man's body than that of a woman. He was always fascinated with the veins crisscrossing a man's arm, the waves of muscles in their abdomens as they took off their shirts after PE classes, the defined contours of their legs emphasized when they run. He watched a lot of porn, but all of them were straight, though he was more amazed by the guys cocks as they went in and out of the girl, how they watched up close as the girls wrapped them around their lips and sucked them. Nevertheless Gavin passed these as nothing but observations, not enough to make him believe he was gay.

The exception was with Kiran. He had round eyes; colored such a dark shade of brown they almost looked black. Every time Gavin stared at those eyes he felt like Kiran could see into his soul, penetrating to the very core of his being. Kiran had a face that would make Botticelli's angels cry in shame. His lips looked so soft they always made Gavin wonder how they would feel against his own. Standing in front of Gavin, Kiran wet his lips with his tongue, the action sending a rush of blood to many parts of Gavin's body.

Gavin didn't realize that he was gawking until Kiran cleared his throat, making Gavin jump a little.

"Hey there hot stuff," Kiran said, grinning, "see something you'd like to eat?"

Yes, you, Gavin thought. The look in Kiran's face was mischievous, his smirk showing the devilish personality hidden by the angelic façade. He was nothing but trouble.

Gavin loved trouble.

"Ha-ha, you wish," Gavin said, belying his thoughts, "What brings you here?" he asked. Kiran wasn't their classmate so Gavin wasn't expecting him to come.

"Val told me about your little party here. My class is not as fun as yours so I asked her if I could come. She invited me over," Kiran replied.

"Oh, come inside then," Gavin said, holding the door for Kiran.

The doorway wasn't that large, and as Kiran went inside his body came in contact with Gavin's, causing shivers to run down Gavin's spine. Kiran's scent was more overwhelming now that they were so close with each other; Gavin had no choice but to close his eyes to clear his head of any unwanted thoughts. Gavin closed the door and followed Kiran to the living room, where Kiran was giddily welcomed by his classmates that already had too much to drink.

When the movies got cloying they decided to share their funny experiences of the semester, many of them so hilarious that Gavin couldn't help but howl with laughter. As the night progressed Gavin didn't notice that Kiran was getting closer to him—one moment he was across the room from Gavin, the next he was beside him, patting Gavin's back while they laughed. Gavin was too far gone from the alcohol that he let himself enjoy his close proximity with Kiran.

Later into the night their classmates started going home one by one, most of them just like Gavin who lived in the same city as the university and had curfews set by their parents. Gavin already asked permission from his parents to sleep over Jamie's, so he was in no hurry to go home. With the departure of one of their classmates it was only Gavin, Kiran, Valerie and Jamie left in the apartment.

Gavin was wondering when Kiran would go when Kiran spoke up.

"Hey Jamie, is it cool if I crash here in your place for the night? My folks aren't home and I don't like being left in the house all by myself," he said.

"Sure," Jamie replied, "you can share the second bed with Vin."

That sobered Gavin a little. I can barely control myself when we're in the same room, how much more in the same bed! Gavin thought. Valerie and Jamie were already making their way to the bedroom so Gavin had no more chance to voice his disapproval.

Jamie's apartment had only one bedroom, but it was a big one with two queen-sized beds separated by a divider that serves both as a bookshelf and closet. The other bed was for Jamie's brother when he visits him, but otherwise it was used by guests.

Gavin went to the bathroom first to clean up before going to bed, allowing Kiran to settle himself first. Gavin had half a mind to sleep in the uncomfortable living room couch and spare himself from any unwanted bodily reactions with Kiran on the same bed as him. However, exhaustion overcame him and he dragged himself to the bed. Kiran was facing the wall, his back against Gavin so he couldn't see if Kiran was already asleep or still awake. Gavin shrugged and went under the covers. Not long after sleep overtook him and he was dozing off.

ooOoo

For what felt like only five minutes later Gavin woke up to the sound of moaning and headboards bumping against the wall. He checked his bed to see if it was the one making the noise. Seeing that the bed was still stationary he deduced that it was Valerie and Jamie throwing themselves into fits of passionate love-making. Gavin groaned inwardly, covered his ears with a pillow and turned to face the wall.

Gavin came face to face with a mischievously smirking Kiran, obviously wide awake.

"Are they always like this?" Kiran asked. His voice low so as not to be heard by the other pair.

"No," Gavin whispered back, "they're usually very silent with only the occasional sighs, but not like this, probably a celebratory fuck."

Kiran chuckled, and then fell silent. He looked at Gavin with those deep dark eyes, holding Gavin in place that he couldn't help but stare back. Gavin held his breath, willing himself not to move, but it was taking all of him to stop himself from pulling Kiran close to him, finally getting to know how those lips felt against his. Kiran brought his head close to Gavin's, his brows furrowed as if asking a question.

Whatever that question was, Gavin answered it as he met Kiran's lips with his own.

Burning, that was what Gavin felt, his lips against Kiran's. It was as if he was burning, but it was a wonderful feeling. Warmth engulfed his body, drowning him in such bliss he never felt before. Then Kiran wrapped his arms around Gavin's waist, pulling their bodies together. Then Kiran pulled the rest of their body together and opened his mouth, his tongue seeking entrance to Gavin's. It took all of Gavin not to moan, and he willingly let Kiran in. Their tongues battled, their bodies grinding against each other. Gavin was sure Kiran was enjoying this as much as he was, evidenced by the hardness in Kiran's pants that rubbed against Gavin's own.

The need for oxygen forced them both to separate, though their arms were still wrapped around each other. Gavin looked at Kiran and saw his eyes filled with desire. Kiran brought his hands down, but Gavin stopped him.

"Let's just take it slow, okay?" he asked Kiran. Kiran understood, and kissed Gavin once more. There were lots of times to do other things, but not this time. Gavin let Kiran turn him around, and Kiran kissed the back of his neck, spooned against Gavin. There was also time to think about what they're doing, how this would change everything, but right now all Gavin wanted to do was revel in this discovery, never wanting to let go of the happiness he felt. With Kiran's arms wrapped around his waist, Gavin slowly drifted back to sleep.

ooOoo

Gavin woke up to an empty bed beside him. He panicked momentarily and thought Kiran left without saying a word when he heard the toilet flush outside. Moments later, Kiran returned to the bed, sending a wave of relief to Gavin.

"Hey there hot stuff, had a wonderful sleep last night?" Kiran asked. He didn't wait for an answer and pounced on Gavin, putting their lips together once more. Gavin was happy that last night wasn't just a one-time affair brought about by alcohol. Then he remembered that Valerie and Jamie were still on the same room. He pulled himself from Kiran.

"Look," Gavin said, "I really love what we're doing right now, but I have lots of questions in my head and I know you want to ask me some things too. Also, I'm not yet ready to let others know about this, is that okay?"

Kiran took his hand and held it against his. "I understand, why don't we have lunch later? Let's go home and I'll pick you up around noon," he offered.

"Like on a date?" Gavin asked, smiling.

"Do I have to make it more obvious?" Kiran answered, raising his eyebrows. Gavin laughed, then together they went outside of the room to get some breakfast.

They were halfway through their cereal when Jamie and Valerie came out of the room, looking very disheveled. Valerie had that rosy glow in her face that only signified a very wonderful night.

"Good morning lovebirds," Kiran greeted them, "I assume you had an amazing sleep, or judging from the looks in your faces, lack of?"

Valerie blushed. "Shut up Kiran," Jamie said, but he was grinning, "I hope we didn't disturb you," he continued looking at Kiran and Gavin.

"No worries, I was zoned out the whole night," Gavin replied. Kiran raised his eyebrows to him, but didn't say anything.

They finished their breakfast in silence, the events of last night filling their thoughts. After their breakfast Kiran and Gavin said their goodbyes to Valerie and Jamie, with promises of meeting up some other day. When they were a good distance away from the apartment Kiran stopped and faced Gavin.

"I still have a few errands to run before I go home, see you this noon?" he asked.

"Sure, I'll be waiting at home," Gavin said. Kiran checked their surroundings, and after being convinced that they were alone, he placed a chaste kiss on Gavin's lips. Gavin blushed, then said goodbye to Kiran.

ooOoo

"You can relax now you know, it's not unordinary for two friends to have lunch together," Kiran said, smiling at Gavin's evident nervousness.

Gavin made a face. "It's not that, it's just, this is my first time on a date and I don't know what to do," he admitted.

Gavin couldn't help but be nervous ever since coming home that morning. He kept on replaying the happenings of the previous night in his mind, the feel of Kiran's lips still ingrained into his thoughts. He had a hard time deciding on what outfit to wear, and in the end decided on a plain-colored button-down shirt and gray pants. He was a bit on the thin side, so his arms didn't fill out the sleeves of his shirt. He decided against inserting the seams of his shirt inside his pants, both on the counts that that look was way outdated and that it would make his legs look even longer and disproportionate to his body. At 5'8" he had to watch out for those things. He put on his feet his trusted sneakers and sat on the living room, waiting for Kiran.

Five minutes before noon his doorbell rang, causing Gavin to jump from where he was sitting. He opened the door and was faced by a breathtakinglyhandsome Kiran. He was wearing one of those shirts styled to look like he was wearing another shirt over a collared one, and the baby blue looking good against his fair complexion. He was wearing khaki pants and a pair of brown leather shoes. Standing nearly the same height as Gavin he made Gavin looked terribly underdressed.

Kiran brought him to a Mexican restaurant that Gavin has been to lots of times and one he absolutely loved. Gavin was pleased to see that Kiran has already made a reservation, sparing them the hassle of waiting for others to finish eating.

"Well, we can start by ordering something to eat. I'm starved!" Kiran declared, perusing the menu in front of him and returning Gavin's thoughts to the present. Gavin didn't have to look at the menu and was set in ordering his favorite chicken dish. The waiter arrived and took their orders, and they had nothing left to do but wait for their food to arrive, and also voice out the questions that had been bugging their minds since last night.
