 Luke tried to ignore the images flashing in his head, but his willpower was considered an outright failure since morning. Even as Brenda, his girlfriend of the same age, kept her primary focus on the new music from her favorite pop singers, the nineteen-year-old Korean man struggled to pay attention to her exact words. She expressed opinions and he couldn't discredit them. His mind wouldn't let him disregard fantasies involving her best friend's boyfriend.

Dorothy had already met her significant other a few months before high school graduation. From what Luke had heard and witnessed from these two young women, nineteen-year-old Adam had kept a stable relationship with Dorothy throughout the entire summer. Now that all four of them had just finished their first week in college, they got to know each other a little more, including a tiny fraction of Luke's cerebral struggle. Luke never expected to feel so fascinated with Dorothy's boyfriend when he met him for the first time. In fact, he never expected to form extensive daydreams that involved a more personal connection between the two men. Luke tried to push the mental images away, realizing that it would spoil his original opinions. He tried to inform Brenda of this turn of events, but he couldn't bring himself in harming their seemingly unbreakable relationship. All he could do now was wait until they reached their intended destination.

The afternoon sun began its daily descent toward the opposite side of the earth. The clear blue sky grew dim, with shades of orange entering typical human eyesight. The city of Anaheim, as well as the rest of Southern California, would soon experience its routine consumption of nocturnal activities. Luke and Brenda had just exited the freeway. It would take only several more minutes for the two Korean individuals to reach the apartment where Brenda's best friend resided in. Once they parked their car on the blacktop, Luke followed his girlfriend to the second floor. Brenda knocked on the door and just as it opened, she smiled and hugged her best friend right in front of Luke.

Dorothy let her two visitors inside. The two-bedroom apartment looked spacious and comfy, with plenty of standard furniture and appliances that would decline tedium of all sorts.

Luke complimented Dorothy on having such comfortable living arrangements.

The young white woman replied, "I owe it all to Adam."

Brenda asked, "Where is he, anyway?"

"He went out to get a few drinks. He'll be back."

Luke took a seat on the black leather couch. "I have to say that you're a lucky woman. From what I can tell, Adam's got the right stuff."

Dorothy gave a little smile. "You sound a bit too truthful. You're not showing your true colors, are you?"

Luke quickly shook his head. "Of course, not. Why would I do that?"

Brenda chuckled as she sat down beside him. "Don't put ideas into his head. You don't want me to lose my own boyfriend, do you?"

Dorothy let out a short laugh. "Say, about that fifty bucks you owe me."

Both of them laughed together. Luke stayed silent. Common sense would drive him to play along with their comedic timing. But deep inside, he found nothing funny about his newfound fixation.

The sound of a key turning prompted the three of them to watch the front door.

Dorothy murmured, "That must be Adam now."

The door opened, and there he was.

Adam appeared to be one of those young white men on earth who would have no trouble in getting what he wanted. The nineteen-year-old college student was quite muscular, which assisted in strengthening his cunning attitude. He had short brown hair and hairless arms and legs. He wore a pair of brown cargo pants and a plain white t-shirt, almost perfect for today's Mediterranean weather.

Luke tried to smile. "Hi, Adam, it's nice to see you again."

"Nice to see you again, too."

Luke wanted to look away, but he had trouble restricting his temptation. He eyed Adam from top to bottom without hesitation. Just the sight of another young man made him shiver.

Adam asked him, "Is there something wrong?"

Luke quickly shook his head. "No, not at all."

"You look like I've done something wrong...or right."

"It's nothing. Don't worry about it."

Dorothy chuckled. "We just talked about Luke showing his true colors right when you came in. Now you're making us form ideas in our own heads."

Adam gave a little smile. "Whatever you do, don't blame it all on me."

Luke already realized that he kept his eyes on Adam. He shifted his gaze onto the carpet. He had an uneasy feeling that Adam was still staring at him.

"Uh, where's the bathroom?"

Dorothy pointed at the hallway. "It's right at the end. You won't miss it."

"Thanks."

He picked up a little speed when heading for the bathroom. Soon after trapping himself in silence, Luke turned on the faucet and splashed his face with water. He wanted to lash out at himself from such frustration brewing in his current mental state, but it would have been meaningless to do so. He let out a big sigh. He never felt so spellbound by a man's alluring exterior. He still had feelings for his own girlfriend, but something about Adam made him go against his traditional mindset by accepting such an unexpected fixation.

Luke dried his face with a towel and looked at himself in the mirror. He was indeed a handsome Korean man. He started to wonder if Adam had an unbroken fascination in exotic individuals.

He opened the door before hearing the front door opening and closing. He returned to the living room to see Adam sitting calmly on the couch.

"Did you remember to wash your hands?"

Luke replied, "Yes, I did. Actually, I just washed my face and that's it."

He looked around to see if Brenda and Dorothy were still present. "Where did the girls go?"

A little smile had formed on Adam's face. "They went to the store to get some stuff. They said they'll be back in an hour or so."

Luke had to stop himself from trembling. "Oh...so we have this place all to ourselves for the next hour?"

Adam stood up from the sofa. "You got that right."

He headed for the front door and turned the deadbolt lock to the right supposedly for additional security.

Luke placed his hands in his pockets. "So what should we do in the meantime?"

Adam turned around to show off a sly-looking smile. "You know what you want to do."

Luke tried to laugh, but failed. "I don't know what you mean."

Adam stepped closer. "Why do you like to stare at me?"

"I don't, actually."

"Come on. Don't be so dishonest. Just tell me how you feel."

Luke started to feel more nervous than ever. "You're making me feel very uncomfortable."

Adam chuckled. "You want me, don't you?"

His choice of words should have startled Luke, but instead, it made him feel entranced by Adam's smooth voice. He snapped right out of it and took a few steps back.

"I don't like where you're going with this. Maybe it's best that I leave."

"If you did, I'd have to tell the girls that you want me to fuck you."

Luke almost gasped. "I...I don't know what you'd think I'd want that."

"You always stare at me. That's a clear sign right there."

Luke could no longer hide the truth. "Well, I'm sorry. At least it's not your fault."

"I don't want you to leave."

"Why not? You already found out about me. Why should I stay?"

"Because I'm a little bored."

Luke already knew what he meant by that. He kept his eyes on the front door. "You're making me feel naughty, and I don't think it should happen."

Adam lunged at him and grabbed him by the shoulders. Despite the sudden action, Luke wanted to fight against the man's clutches. But instead, he stood frozen as he stared right into Adam's hungry eyes.

The white man whispered, "Why are you fighting yourself?"

Luke took deeper breaths. "Because I'm scared of what's gonna happen next."

"Try not to feel that way. You shouldn't feel so nervous when you can get what you want."

Luke held his breath as Adam let go of his shoulder.

"Anything can happen in the next sixty minutes."

Adam just stood there with his little smile still in place. It seemed as if his silence signified preparation for a more intimate bond between the two.

Luke couldn't conceal his newfound ardor any longer. He embraced Adam and gave him a long hard kiss. There was no turning back after this. Adam wrapped his arms around the Korean man's waist. The two men stayed close together as they shared their first intimate encounter behind closed doors. Luke didn't want it to stop. This warm feeling that formed deep inside his body and soul helped him reject negative energy. He loved the embrace, and he wanted more from his new companion.

Adam stopped the kiss and whispered in Luke's ear, "Show yourself."

Luke knew what he meant. Without delay, he took off his shirt and threw it in the corner. Adam examined him with considerate eyesight. Luke's slim physique must have become the embodiment of authentic allure. Adam slid his fingers across Luke's bare and hairless chest. Human touch never felt so divine.

"You've got something really good here."

Luke wasn't afraid to smile. "I like the sound of that."

Adam took off Luke's belt and slid his pants and boxer shorts down his legs. Luke kicked his remaining attire away. Adam eyed him from top to bottom. Luke never undressed himself in front of another man, but this new experience became so electrifying in his mind. Adam took it even further by grasping Luke's penis. The sudden stimulation helped in solidifying the cylindrical piece of flesh even more.

Luke gasped. "Oh...it feels good."

Adam's smile grew larger. "Don't expect me to stop, because I won't."

Luke let it happen because he wanted it to. He watched as Adam unclothed himself and brought him closer. They held each other in their arms. Their long kiss conveyed a sumptuous flavor fit for validation. Their rock-hard cocks touched, giving the two men yet another reason to prepare for a brand new experience between them. Adam grabbed Luke's hips and pushed it against his own. The mild collision between their boners encouraged their five senses even more.

Luke started moaning. "Oh...I don't wanna stop."

Adam didn't stop with the pelvic thrusts. "I really love your voice."

He lay Luke down on the carpet and murmured, "This is how I get what I want."

Adam lowered his head and licked Luke's nipple. Luke let out a deep sigh. "This is making me crazy."

Adam didn't have to say anything. He started sucking the nipple in a slow manner. Luke closed his eyes to immerse himself in this particular method of heightening his stimulation.

He took quicker breaths. "Oh...oh, yes."

Adam stopped sucking and asked, "Don't stop me. I'm in control now."

Luke waited for it. The anticipation almost made him lose his composure. He watched as Adam got down on his knees and grabbed his own cock. 

"Show me that you want it."

Luke spread out his legs even more. "Put it inside me."

Adam lowered himself down and shoved his lethal injector inside Luke's tight little hole.

Luke gasped. Adam grabbed Luke's legs and began his slow but powerful thrusts. Luke had to grab on to the carpet. The unbelievable sensation that quickly arose inside him made him tremble.

His moaning grew louder. "I can't believe it! Oh, yes! Keep fucking me."

Adam's forward motion picked up speed. "Fuck, yes. This is our time."

"Don't stop! Fuck me hard!"

Adam grabbed him and brought him up from the carpet. Still on his knees, Adam let his Korean acquaintance wrap his legs around Adam's hips. Luke sat himself down on his lap. Now, Adam thrust his ravenous cock upwards. Luke held on to Adam's shoulders and went along with the ride. As he bounced up and down, he watched as Adam gained more potency in his overall strides. The thrust were quicker and stronger. Their embrace did little to tone down their frenetic attitudes.

"Oh, Adam!"

Adam's embrace grew even tighter. "There's no stopping me! Just take it."

It lasted longer than what Luke had even imagined. Fifteen minutes must have passed after the first insertion. He lost track of time. He had to wait until Adam would accomplish the final stage in their connection. But even then, he didn't want it to end. He couldn't stop feeling the burning sensation inside him. He wanted more of Adam's frenzied industry. The aggression made him give Adam short but passionate kisses, some of which weren't complete because of his tongue searching for another between Adam's lips. The two young men stayed close while the momentum between them intensified to immeasurable heights.

Several minutes later, Luke had a strong feeling that the climax approached ever so closer. 

"Let me have it! Put it all inside me!"

Their embrace grew tighter. The final stage of their private connection had finally arrived.

"Oh, fuck! Yes!"

The climax became reality. The eruption inside their bodies validated the most unforeseen liaison possible. Everything changed right in front of their eyes.

The two nineteen-year-old men collapsed on the carpet. Luke lay on his back with Adam lying right on top of him. The young Korean man closed his eyes for a moment. He could feel the burning sensation below his waist cooling down ever so slowly.

Adam's calm voice helped him stay at ease. "You love it, don't you?"

Luke opened his eyes once again to see Adam's devious little smile no longer hidden away once more.

"You just can't get enough of these strange feelings."

Luke shook his head. "I don't want to."

Adam whispered, "How can you say that when it's already happened?"

Luke could only remain speechless at this point.

Adam chuckled. "It's okay. You don't have to say anything. I know what you're thinking."

"That I should tell Brenda about what we've done?"

"What would be the point of that?"

Luke could feel Adam's potent cock finally easing its absolute power as it shrunk inside the Korean man's lower outlet. He could also feel the warm and velvety injection spilling out from between his legs.

Adam pulled his tour de force out of Luke and kissed him on the forehead. The lips, moist and congenial, helped Luke reinvigorate his mental capabilities. And since the redetection proved to be successful, he had almost forgotten how much he enjoyed this private time between him and his new companion.

* * *

The two young women had finally returned from the store. They opened the door and walked inside. The apartment didn't appear unfazed by unwanted intrusions at all. Everything had stayed put the entire time.

Dorothy called out Adam's name. It took him a little while to depart from his bedroom and help his girlfriend with her plastic bags.

Brenda asked, "Where's Luke?"

Adam set the bags on the kitchen counter. "He's in my room examining the posters on my wall."

Dorothy laughed. "Why are you guys so obsessed with hockey?"

Adam shrugged his shoulders. "It's just the way we're wired. You can't deny that."

His response was immediately followed by Luke leaving the bedroom and joining the others. The four of them continued on with their trivial discussions before dinnertime. Luke let the conversations flow with smooth transitions between males and females. It went along nicely. Neither of the young women sounded suspicious. Luke had already kept a promise. He would never even dare to tell his girlfriend what had transpired behind closed doors.