 This is intended to be the first of a series of short stories inspired by explicit Victorian pornography photographs. This story includes intimate natural smells, mutual male sexual activity and an open approach to natural bodily functions - if any of this doesn't sound like it's for you, read no further. If this excites you, let me know what you think of my first story!

*****

George Forbes, a young gentleman in his early twenties, was temporarily the master of the house. His father was away on business accompanied by George's mother and two sisters, leaving George for the first time in charge of their house in town and its small staff of maids and servants - including George's personal valet Andrew. 

Andrew, similar in age to Master George, was also new to his role and responsibilities as valet, and was enjoying the new authority the position afforded him with the other staff, particularly the more junior maids. In all honesty, both George and Andrew were still exploring their new master and valet relationship and, like so much else in both their lives, it was still a process of exploration and discovery.

Returning from a day of exercise with other members of the young gentlemen's sporting club he attended, George was flushed, glowing and a little sweaty. He had that wonderful buzz that he always felt after vigorous exercise, and he burst into the hall to the surprise of the new scullery maid who was scrubbing the tiles. Hot at his heels, Andrew began to remove his riding coat, scarf and gloves as the maid returned to her work. 

George casually regarded the kneeling form, his eyes tracing the nape of a slim neck down to a prim waist. As she bent her attention to a stubborn stain, she raised her arse a little higher, displaying two firm, slightly rounded, petite and perfectly formed buttocks. 

George's cheeks flushed. She exerted herself further, and for the briefest of moments lifted her rear to such a height, dresses awkwardly hitched round her thighs, that George had an unprecedented flash of bare leg and white undergarments. To his embarrassment a jolt of blood rushed to his penis which immediately engorged somewhat and deposited a thick globule of male fluid in his underpants. His flushed cheeks became a blush, and he awkwardly cleared his throat.

Without noticing his master's discomfort, Andrew also stole a glance over his shoulder at Margaret, of whom various mental images (and a number of covert sightings in the servants' quarters) were the current subject of frenzied and sweaty self pleasuring under the privacy of his blankets. His penis also responded with a distinct swelling which caused him to hastily step back from the proximity of his master's rear.

"Your bath is preparing master George," he said.

"Thank you Andrew."

Both men gave a last fleeting glance towards those raised buttocks before ascending to George's rooms. 

Now, secretly it had been George's custom to enjoy some private relaxation after an active day, usually naked in the comfort of his rooms. He had always enjoyed his own nudity, and the lazy exploration of his own body while gently unwinding. However, with the new dynamic of the master valet relationship, George had found himself somewhat self conscious in the company of another young man at all times of the day. Today however he felt that male stirring in his loins even more strongly than usual and, despite Andrew's presence, looked forward to an opportunity to remove his restrictive clothing in advance of the tub warming by the fire. 

"Andrew, I will undress," he announced.

"Of course sir."

Andrew began removing his master's outer layers before crouching to assist with the removal of his boots. George placed a hand on Andrew's shoulder to steady himself as he lifted one foot out of its boot, looking down at George's blazing bright red hair that was greased and swept back into a neat helmet. As his feet were released the warm room was punctuated by a slight musty odour of well worn woolen socks and feet after a day's hard riding. Looking down, George wondered absentmindedly if the hair on other parts of his valet's body was as red as that on his head, just as the fur that adorned the roots of his own penis was as darkly black as that on his own head. Whilst George had seen many of his fellows naked, he had not often studied their varied appearances, and knew none with features as characteristically 'ginger' as Andrew's. This train of thought led to George imagining what the soft down adorning Margaret's sex must look like, and that thick stirring in his private parts returned even more strongly.

Still kneeling, Andrew undid the fastenings of George's trousers and allowed them to fall to his ankles, revealing his gartered socks and starched white linen undergarments. Whilst he was busy removing the trousers from around his master's ankles he was startled to notice, inches from his face, the fat, bulbous, glistening head of George's penis drooping just below the hem of the thigh of his undergarments. A thick and unmistakably male scent hit Andrew's nostrils, and he inadvertently gasped when he realised what the length of the appendage must be for the smelly mushroom to be visible below his drawers. 

George had been lost in a reverie in which, in his imagination, Margaret knelt cleaning the floor whilst completely nude. A faint breeze on his stiffening manhood alerted him to his situation and his face flushed beetroot as he took a hasty step back. The jolt of shock caused a tremor in his undercarriage and to his shame and horror a large clear globule of lustful liquid welled from his exposed mushroom head and dripped to the floor with an audible splat.

Andrew, still kneeling, closely watched the shiny string of male slime with fascination, aware of a sympathetic dampening in his own drawers. Looking up he recognised his master's discomfort and immediately felt a duty, and desire, to ensure his comfort and ease. 

"One of those days I see Master George," he said impassively. "Have you experienced much discomfort?"

"I'm afraid," George stammered, "I mean it, well, it seems to occur if i find myself in a state of, erm, arousal. And, well, the inconvenience, the embarrassment, I suppose I should seek advice."

"I believe it is an entirely natural occurrence Master George. If it gives you any ease, I'll admit that I too experience significant discharges and often at inconvenient times. I do believe it is a part of the male affliction of, erm, lust I would suppose."

"I must confess Andrew, I have been more than usually, erm, lusty these past days! Fresh air and exercise seem to contribute to it." 

"Indeed sir. I often find the same."

"And, Andrew, if I may make an observation: I must admit to finding the new scullery maid,"

"Margaret sir." Andrew's penis twitched inside his drawers.

"I must admit to finding her rather pleasing to admire."

"Indeed sir. I have made the same observation."

The two young men made eye contact for a moment, Andrew on his knees looking up with his blue eyes at his master's dark eyes looking back down. Both felt for the first time a distinct bond of companionship, and ease in one another's company. 

"It is liberating to discover that other men share these sensations," George said.

"It is Sir. I've always felt it natural to relish my masculinity and my body. I suppose it's the same for all of us."

"Yes, certainly. I've been accustomed to enjoying these quiet hours of the late afternoon alone in my rooms, often undressed to some extent if not completely, simply relaxing and exploring my, erm, maleness." 

"I used to do much the same Sir." 

"Used to Andrew?"

"Well Sir, my new position brings with it longer hours, and, now that I share a room with your father's valet, less privacy than the loft used to afford me." 

"Indeed Andrew. I also find that with my new seniority I have less solitude." 

"But you are in the privacy of your rooms now Sir. Why shouldn't you continue with your routine? Not on my account I hope. My duty is simply to look after your comfort and convenience. Allow me to continue to undress you if you wish. You have the evening to yourself." 

"Indeed. Thank you Andrew." 

The sharing of such intimate experiences had affected both men, and George's penis had continued to generously lubricate itself while the shiny purple head had continued to swell. There was the beginning of a ripe, male odour permeating the room. Shifting on his knees, Andrew was also aware of a damp weight in his undergarments.

"Shall I remove your drawers Sir?"

"Please Andrew," George answered with a new found confidence as he unbuttoned his own undershirt. 

George grasped the loose material of his masters undershorts and slowly pulled them down. His eyes bulged as the descending waistline revealed inch upon inch long, pale pink penis which, as the head was released, bounced wetly in a downward pointing curve, swinging like a fleshy pendulum and releasing yet another arc of odorous fluid that hung down to the floorboards. George's undershirt was now open, and Andrew stood up in front of his master who was clad only in his gartered socks and open shirt, revealing a slim, lithe physique, smooth belly, and a neatly matted moss of dark pubic hair around the base of his generous manhood.

George walked to the leather chair near the fire and sat with a sigh of contentment. Legs spread, his penis coming to rest across the top of one thigh, he placed his hands behind his head and gazed languorously at Andrew as he poured a brandy and passed it to his master. 

"You know Andrew, now that you're denied the leisure you used to enjoy, there's no reason why during these quiet private hours you shouldn't also partake in a bit of rest and relaxation." 

"Sir?"

"I mean, only if you wish of course, do feel free to disrobe yourself for a while. You are not strictly on public duty now." 

"In which case, Sir, might I..."

"Undress Andrew, if you wish. We are men here, and free." 

"Well Sir, I confess, it has been some time since I have been able to fully relax. If you are sure?"

"By all means Andrew. Let us both enjoy this time, as nature intended. Or at least go about whatever tasks you have here in a little more comfort."

Andrew smiled, and found his hands shook a little as he began to unbutton his waistcoat then his undershirt. It had indeed been many months since he had last enjoyed an afternoon liberated from his clothes (in the abandoned barn of a country house the family had been visiting at the time and where he had been billeted). George watched as his valet removed his shirt, revealing a wiry and almost pure white torso. He bent to remove his shoes, his uniform trousers stretched taut across a well defined muscular male rear. He undid his trouser buttons, and in one movement removed trousers and drawers to a pile at his feet, out of which he stepped. 

George was intrigued to see a blaze of bright ginger wiry hair at the base of Andrew's abdomen, immediately beneath which swung a slab of meat, shorter than George's but phenomenally thick and so dark with a flush of blood that it appeared a purplish brown. Freed from its confinement it visibly increased in size, a thick hood of foreskin pulling halfway across a wet, shining bauble of a head. Even as he watched, George felt his own penis scrape across his leg in a wide arc as it began to stiffen in sympathy with his companion's. 

"Brandy, Andrew?"

"Thank you Sir. I'll tidy away these things before I drink it." 

George's valet turned his back on his master, stooping to the floor to gather the discarded clothes. In the process George was inadvertently exposed to an unobstructed view of Andrew's firm, pale arse cheeks, which immediately opened as he bent, stretching to expose a dark, musky hole perfectly framed by two globes of firm white flesh. George had never in his life seen such an intimate part of a person's body, other than investigations of his own in the mirror. He had long harboured a fevered interest in this most hidden of a person's intimate bits and was completely unprepared for such exposure, albeit from another male. Before he even realised it himself, his long penis was rigidly pointing at the ceiling, and expelling a stream of fluid which rolled slowly down the length of his shaft and worked a path across his stiff scrotum. 

Turning, Andrew's gaze immediately took in the priapic state of his master's manhood, and his own uncontrollably responded in kind, thickening to a solid horizontal rod of dark veiny flesh that protruded before him, slick and reeking of penis. 

"Ah," said George. "A bit more relaxed I see - as it should be between men. Now, a brandy Andrew." 

He rose and padded across the rug, around nine inches of pink flesh preceding him and lolling as he walked. He handed Andrew his glass, and raised his own.

"To companionship."

"Companionship Sir." 

Facing each other they drank, Andrew a white naked figure much like a classical marble statue (apart from the obscene expression of his erect maleness), George in open shirt and knee-high socks, his pink length drooping slightly towards the floor under its own weight. George gestured to the settee and they sat, turned slightly to face one another companionably. 

"So Andrew, I gather you also have noticed Margaret's, erm, charms." 

"Yes indeed Sir. A most attractive young woman and, I confess, something of a distraction."

"Agreed, haha. And, Andrew, are there any particular charms of hers you find most distracting?"

"If I may be so honest Sir, I admit to finding posteriors a particularly fascinating part of the human anatomy - and I consider Margaret's to be an especially fine specimen." 

George breathed heavily, and the thick scent of maleness increased. He brushed his free hand along his own thigh, briefly nudging his scrotum.

"I fully understand Andrew. I too find Margaret's bottom, and in fact the thoughts of bottoms in general, particularly - invigorating." Andrew nodded, slightly breathlessly. "Tell me Andrew, if you will - do thoughts of such things come to you when you are, ahem, masturbating?"

Andrew's stiff penis spontaneously overflowed with clear liquid which pattered onto the soft leather and he sighed. "If I'm honest Sir, yes, very much."

"As do I, Andrew. I often visualise the sight of such a thing and, perhaps embarrassingly, the... scent."

Andrew's cock was dripping freely now and he smiled conspiratorially. "Please sir, don't be embarrassed. I often ponder what the intimate scents and tastes of a woman are like. I believe it has something to do with the intimacy. I must also confess that, when naked and alone, the private scents of my own body intrigue me."

"Me also Andrew! It is so refreshing to speak openly of these things. I fantasise desperately about intimacy with a woman, but cannot imagine finding one who would willingly indulge such perversions. May I ask - do you also find your personal scents arousing?"

"Very much so. Indeed, often I will picture the object of my fantasy while indulging in my own odours, imagining they are similar." 

"And how do you indulge Andrew?"

"Why," said Andrew, reaching down and fondling his wet, bulbous cock head. "I find the odour of masturbation on my hands can be pleasing, and..." George watched as Andrew spread his legs on the sofa, lifting his knees slightly towards his chest, and reached under his arse cheeks to gently rub the cleft of his anus. "This musky odour can also prove arousing." He brought his fingers to his nose and inhaled. 

Inhibited no longer, George reached down and slowly massaged the length of his fully erect penis. Staring at each other in silence, Andrew slowly brought his hand to within a few inches of his master's face. Tentatively George leaned forward and inhaled.

The musky scent that hit his nostrils was intoxicatingly intimate. Familiar and yet different, there were earthy tones of sweat and musk. George was thrilled that he was almost certainly the only person other than Andrew to have experienced that scent so intensely. His massaging gave way to a firm pumping action and his penis stiffened to a frighteningly unprecedented state. 

"Andrew, I wonder if,"

"I suspect our thinking may be the same Sir."

Slightly shaky and somewhat dazed, Andrew manoeuvred himself on the sofa so he was kneeling upright with his back to his master. Slowly, his cock rigid, he bent forward and rested his elbows on the arm of the sofa. Electrifyingly aware of his naked arse facing his master, Andrew was terrifyingly aroused.

George sat stroking for a moment, admiring the pale, firm, naked buttocks of his valet. Then, gingerly, he leaned forward and placed one hand on each. They were surprisingly soft and warm. Breathing shallowly, heart racing, George gently spread Andrew's arse cheeks, revealing a seamed crack framing a star-shaped, greyish intimate ring of skin. A firm, swollen pair of balls dangled between Andrew's thighs. George pressed his face up towards the dark ring and sniffed. Waves of arousal coursed through his body and a thrill of knowing a companion so completely, so intimately. For long minutes he inhaled and relished the experience, even going to far as to tentatively plant his lips between those cheeks so that he pulled away with a hint of that male musk left on his face.

"Thank you Andrew."

Flushed, Andrew turned his head and croaked, "you are most welcome Sir."

"Andrew, I imagine you're not interested, but if you wished..."

Silently Andrew climbed off the sofa, rigid cock bobbing, and knelt between George's legs. Raising one, he place it over the arm of the sofa, gently lifting the other towards George's chest. Grasping his knee, George now reclined back on the sofa, legs spread, penis, balls and arse crack exposed to his valet. Andrew savoured the dark pubic hair, the dusting of dark hairs across the scrotum, the reddish crease of arse crack and the dark, pronounced anal ring. His initial sniffing, causing a flood of his fluids to flow freely onto the rug, gave way to a bestial lapping and licking of his masters most intimate spot. George sighed audibly, his priapic cock twitching and bucking in the air. The sensation of the warm wet lapping at his arse had him closer to completing without touching himself than he had ever been. Suddenly Andrew pulled away and stood, cheeks blazing, cock straining.

"I am sorry sir, I think I may,"

"Relieve yourself if you must Andrew, do not worry," croaked George.

Andrew had barely placed his hand round his member when it seemed to explode, and a single unbroken stream of hot, yellow, strongly smelling ejaculate squirted as far as George's chin, slapping wetly and endlessly across his chest, belly and balls. Two more obscenely copious ropes of thick fluid flung themselves across his naked body before Andrew ceased, shaking, dripping and blushing. 

"Sir, I,"

"Turn around Andrew, and kneel," growled George.

Andrew complied, and from the comfort of his seat George gazed at the exposed anus of his valet, aimed his rigid length, and pulled. His engorged head ejected spurt after spurt, spray after spray of thick globules that showered Andrew's buttocks, balls, crack and anus. Eventually the fountain subsided, and both men remained as they were, panting and spent.

After some moments George spoke. "Andrew, good fellow, I shall take my bath. And when I am finished I think you had better use it too."

"Yes sir."

***

Outside on the landing Margaret knelt with her face pressed to the keyhole. Her dress was hitched round her waist, and, back arched, one hand was firmly rubbing her arse while the other frantically toyed with her clitoris. As she watched the naked men shower each other with yellow seed her frenzied masturbation reached a climax and she shuddered uncontrollably, a wet slap of female juices hitting the wooden floor. She reached for her floor cloth.