 It was just after dusk when Kevin left the house. As usual, he paused to peer through the crack in the fence surrounding the back yard of the house next door. The lights were on and he felt the familiar stirring in his crotch. Kevin slipped silently through the gate and softly crossed the lawn.

Music was blaring from the TV in the den. Kevin cautiously peered through the dining room window. Nobody was in the kitchen. Good. He moved closer so he could see through the dining room and kitchen into the den.

The TV screen was showing a curly-haired blonde boy and four other teenagers kneeling on a garage floor, jerking off. There was an old convertible behind them. A younger-looking boy was standing in the car, beating his meat as he watched the others. The camera zoomed in for close-ups as each boy shot his wad in turn.

Kevin watched for a while, with his young cock straining against the fabric of his jockstrap. It was always exciting, seeing all those different men having sex on the screen. But it was time to move again. The TV was just a sideshow and he was ready for the main attraction. Kevin slipped across the patio and looked in the window.

The den had a high vaulted ceiling with dark wooden beams. The fireplace and one wall were made of rough stone. The other walls were covered with wood paneling. A big black couch extended along two walls. One of the walls opposite the couch was dominated by a projection TV. A muscular young man was leaning back on the couch, watching the television and stroking his long hard cock.

The end of summer was approaching in Austin. Even after dark, the temperature was well over ninety degrees. Kevin was dressed for jogging, wearing running shoes, jockstrap and shorts. Tonight, he was wearing his favorite pair of shorts, the tight skimpy ones made from fabric resembling a Texas flag. He always liked the way his eighteen-year-old body looked in the mirror when he was dressed for running, especially the way the thin fabric bulged over his cock and cupped his ass cheeks.

Kevin reached inside his shorts and released his cock from the confining jockstrap. His erect member strained against the flag fabric as he stared in through the window. He rubbed his hands over the slick nylon covering his bulge until he felt warm stickiness spreading inside his shorts.

It had started in early spring. Kevin had been in his yard, throwing a Frisbee for Peaches, his German Shepherd, to chase. The Frisbee went over the fence. The house next door was owned by a single man. His name, according to the mailbox, was Dan Hansen. Kevin sometimes saw Dan working in his yard. He was about thirty-five, six feet tall, and weighed 180 pounds. He had slightly long curly black hair, dark skin, and a muscular, hairy body.

The Frisbee had been hard to find in the darkness of Dan's back yard. Kevin finally located it under a bush beside the den window. He was starting to leave when he heard a man exclaiming, "Fuck me! Fuck my ass real good!"

What the hell was that? Kevin dropped down behind the bush. There were more gasps, groans and cries of "fuck me," but now there was also disco music thumping along under the sex noises. Kevin rose cautiously to his knees and looked through the branches of the bush. The lights were on and he could see into the room.

There was only one person visible. Dan was kneeling on the floor in front of the couch. He was stark naked and his seven-inch dick was sticking straight up. Dan's left hand was caressing his balls while his right hand moved in time with the music, jacking that big cock off while he stared at the screen.

Kevin couldn't do anything but crouch by the window and stare. He'd always looked forward to showering with his high school football team so he could see the other boys naked. Now, this sight of raw man-sex was stirring desires he'd never even suspected he possessed.

Dan finally groaned and shot a big load onto a towel on the floor. Then he sat down with his back against the couch and started scooping his cum off the towel and rubbing it over his stomach and chest. Dan closed his eyes and let his head fall back onto the couch.

That broke the spell. Kevin took the Frisbee and went home. But he couldn't stop thinking about Dan's naked body and spurting sex. That night, Kevin couldn't go to sleep until he locked himself in the bathroom and jerked off. He got up again after midnight, slipped into the back yard, and beat off while staring over the fence at Dan's house.

A pattern was established over the next few months. Dan usually came home around dusk. The way Dan was built, Kevin figured he went to the gym every day after work. Whatever Dan did, it sure left him horny. Dan almost always watched a porn tape and jacked off after he got home.

Kevin started running every day, right after sunset. If Dan was home, Kevin would hide by the window and watch him masturbate. At first, he waited until he saw Dan come and then hid behind the trees in the vacant lot across the street to beat off. Excitement soon overcame caution and Kevin started kneeling behind the bush with his shorts and jockstrap down around his ankles, jerking his cock in time with Dan's strokes. He usually came within moments of seeing the thick white juice spurting out of the man's swollen rod.

By standing at the dining room window, Kevin could look through the kitchen into the den and see the TV screen. Even on the big projection screen, the picture was too small and he couldn't see anybody in the den, but it was still wonderful. He'd never imagined men could do all those things to each other.

Tonight, Kevin was thinking about Dan and the figures on the VCR. He wanted to do all the things he'd seen on the tapes, with Dan. Sometimes he thought about just knocking on Dan's door and telling him everything, but he was afraid the man would get mad about being watched.

Two weeks ago, disaster had almost struck. Dan's house was dark when Kevin left home, so he went on with his run. When he returned to his place by the window, he saw that Dan had brought another man home. They were sitting on the couch smoking a joint. 

"I'm going to put a tape on," Dan announced as he got up and moved toward the TV. Kevin shrank back from the window. 

"That's far out," Dan's companion answered, sounding rather stoned. He was a muscular blonde, wearing a camouflage tank top and tight black parachute pants.

Kevin waited until the tape had been playing for a couple of minutes before returning to the window. He couldn't believe his luck. Dan had opened the parachute pants to reveal an incredibly long, thick dick. "What horse did you steal this thing from, Jeff?" he asked.

"So you like my dick, huh?" Jeff responded slowly. Dan started sucking the giant member. It was so long that he could wrap both hands next to each other around the shaft and still leave Jeff's cock head exposed.

After a while, Dan got up and disappeared through the door leading to the front of the house. He came back a moment later, carrying towels and a tube of lubricant. Dan stripped quickly and then peeled Jeff out of his tank top and pants. Jeff lay on his back on the floor while Dan sucked and jerked that horse dick to full size and stiffness. It took some time, and it was obvious, even from six feet away, that Jeff's dick wasn't as stiff or firm as Kevin's or Dan's swollen peckers.

It was still good enough for Dan. He smeared some grease on the fleshy tower and sat on that massive motherfucker. Kevin could hardly believe his eyes. It was taking Dan a while to slide all the way down Jeff's tool, but he was making steady progress. Kevin had never seen a man take a dick that size on the tapes.

Without realizing it, Kevin had torn off his shorts and jockstrap and moved in front of the bush. With his blonde hair and light skin, he was clearly visible through the window, but he didn't notice. He was only aware of the men coupling on the floor in front of him and the fire in his own loins.

Dan was riding Jeff's cock like a cowboy on a bucking horse. The TV was blaring "I can't wait any longer." Dan screamed and cum erupted from his dick, splashing all over Jeff's face and chest.

As usual, Kevin had been beating his cock in time with Dan's. Suddenly he realized he was shooting his load against the window glass. Several more jets hit the glass before he got his hand cupped over his cock head. The cum just wouldn't stop spurting out of his dick. He tried to wipe the window with his free hand, but that just smeared the mess even worse. "Maybe I can wipe it off with my jockstrap," he thought dizzily.

As he was staggering away from the window, holding his still-spurting cock in one hand, Kevin's foot struck the cats' food dish. "CRASH - CLATTER - CRUNCH!!!" To Kevin's already jangled nerves, it was as startling as if a UFO had crashed into the patio cover. He jumped almost a foot and came down on scattered cat food and the water dish. "CRUNCH - SPLASH!" He managed to keep his balance, but his hand hit the broom leaning against the house. "KER-THWACK!"

Kevin had reached the gate before he remembered his shorts and jockstrap. Oh shit! He dived to the ground, rolled behind a bush and looked out anxiously. Nothing seemed to be happening at the house. The patio lights were still off and nobody was opening a door or looking out the window. At least, not yet. The TV was still blaring. Kevin rushed to the den window and grabbed his clothes. Then he hesitated. He knew he should dress and leave, but he had to have a quick look into the room first.

Dan was still impaled on Jeff's mammoth cock, but he was gradually lifting himself off. Eventually, he pulled free and the donkey dick collapsed onto its owner's belly. Dan stood up and walked over to the window. He thought he saw something white behind one of the bushes at the edge of the patio. Was there something smeared on the glass? He moved closer.

He felt a hand on his ankle and turned around. Jeff was smiling up at him. "It felt real good fucking you," the blonde said.

Dan bent over to kiss him. "Thanks, Jeff. You fuck real good, too." When Dan turned back to the window, there was nothing behind the bush.

Kevin was sure Dan had seen him when the man suddenly looked out the window. Then he'd miraculously turned away. That gave Kevin a chance to leap up, streak out of the yard, and run naked under the street light toward the wooded area across the street. Car headlights flashed on his bare butt as he reached the far edge of the road and plunged into the tall grass, but the driver didn't slow down. Kevin hid in the trees and dressed quickly. No sign of pursuit. He stepped into the street and started jogging away, not daring to look back.

It was almost two weeks before Kevin worked up the nerve to venture into Dan's back yard again. The television was blaring and Dan was masturbating, just like before. Kevin had been afraid that Dan would close the curtains, at least. Instead, it was almost like the man was putting on a show for Peeping Toms. He stood up and strode around the room, beating his meat and fingering his ass. As soon as Kevin freed his cock from his jockstrap, he came in his shorts.

Dan must have seen the cum Kevin sprayed on the window. A lot of boy juice had splashed on the patio, too. Maybe Dan figured that the cats had made the mess. Maybe he didn't care if someone was watching . . .

That was last night. Now Kevin was pulling his flag shorts down to his knees as he stared through the window. After working his dick for a long time, Dan spread a towel on the floor and picked up the lubricant. He removed the cap and squeezed the tube. Nothing came out. Dan dropped the tube, got up and left the room, slowly stroking himself.

Kevin was trying to keep his hands away from his own throbbing dick. Dan had left the VCR running, so he'd be back in a minute. Kevin was so horny he was sure he'd shoot as soon as he saw Dan resume stroking that slick cock.

Suddenly, Kevin felt something looming over him. He looked around and gasped. Dan was standing behind him.

"Hi, Mister Hansen." Kevin couldn't think of anything else to say. Dan looked at the clothes bunched around Kevin's knees, then let his gaze drift slowly upward. Kevin's cock was still sticking straight up and Dan stared at it for a moment. Finally, he looked into the boy's eyes. They were filled with a mixture of lust and fear.

"You've been watching me jerk off." It was a statement, not a question. "And you've been doing it for a long time."

There was no sense in lying. "Yes, sir," Kevin responded.

Dan smiled slightly. "Stand up," he commanded. Kevin almost stumbled and Dan caught him by the arm. "You got your rocks off while you were watching me, didn't you?" Kevin nodded. Dan's smile grew broader. "Why don't you come in and see everything close up?"

Kevin was having trouble speaking. He just nodded again.

"Get dressed," Dan said. "The back door's still locked and we have to go around to the front." Kevin noticed that Dan was wearing sandals and shorts. The outline of his cock was clearly visible through the thin fabric. It was growing as Kevin watched.

"Sit down and make yourself comfortable," Dan said as they entered the den. Kevin settled on the couch, still feeling nervous. "Want to smoke a joint?" Dan asked.

"Sure." 

Kevin hadn't bothered adjusting his jockstrap and his dick was sticking straight up under his shorts. Dan returned and whistled at the sight of Kevin's bulge. "That's quite a pole you've got in your tent," he said as he sat down and lit the joint.

They watched the tape while they smoked. The plot, such as it was, seemed to revolve around Brian, the blonde boy, and his friends finding parts for the old convertible they'd bought. An older man helped Brian get a transmission, then went home and fucked his lover in the shower. After that, one of Brian's teenage friends got his ass fucked after being caught attempting to steal car parts.

They finished the joint. Kevin's fear had long since evaporated. He felt like he was floating in the air over the couch. The images on the screen were unnaturally sharp and intense, as if he were part of the video. Now Brian was in a garage, negotiating with the mechanic for car parts.

Kevin's attention floated back to his surroundings as he became aware of the very real physical sensations in his crotch. Dan's hand was tracing the outline of Kevin's cock under the flag shorts. Pre-cum was starting to soak through the fabric. Dan removed Kevin's shoes, followed by the shorts and jockstrap. It only took Dan a second to strip off his own shorts. Kevin moved into Dan's arms and the two men's mouths locked in a kiss. The slight roughness of Dan's beard against his face was startling but incredibly arousing. 

Kevin felt his erection growing even harder as Dan's tongue darted against his and he felt the pressure of the arms around him, the soft springiness of the man's chest hair under his hands and the incredible sensation of their stiff cocks rubbing together. 

The voices from the TV brushed the edges of Kevin's consciousness: 

"I really need this stuff, but I don't have enough to pay for all this. / Maybe we can work out some kind of deal. You ever get it on with a guy? / Well - a few times the gang and I beat off together. / Is that it? / Well, I let some guy suck me once. / How'd that feel? OK? / Well - actually, it felt kind of great. I don't think I've felt anything that feels better. / Well, maybe we can start our little trade-off that way."

Dan moved off the couch to kneel in front of Kevin. He opened the boy's legs and took the young penis in his mouth. 

Kevin had never imagined that having his cock sucked would feel this good. The mouth enveloping his shaft felt much better than his hand ever had, and the tongue caressing his head and probing his cock-slit was driving him wild. The action at his groin was mirrored on the screen, where the mechanic was sucking Brian's incredibly large erection. Without warning, cum erupted from Kevin's dick. Dan eagerly gulped it down, sucking and jacking the throbbing tool until he had milked every drop.

TV: "Why don't you suck on mine while I suck on yours? / Gee, I dunno . . . / Feels good, don't it? / Yeah, but . . . / Feels good to do it, too. / Well, I guess I could try."

In the video, Brian was holding the mechanic's dick gingerly in his hand and grimacing as he gave it a few tentative licks. He was rapidly gaining enthusiasm, but Kevin wasn't paying much attention. He was discovering for himself how exciting it was to suck cock, especially when the cock was Dan's big beautiful tool.

TV: "Ever fucked anyone before? / Not . . . What? Yeah, a chick a couple of times. / Ever fucked a guy? A lot of guys think it's hotter than fucking a chick. Want to try it? / Sure. / All right. Let's go for it."

Dan sat up and looked at Kevin. "How would you like to fuck me?" he asked.

"Oh, yeah!" Dan had brought a new tube of lubricant in with the joint. He greased Kevin's cock and got down on his hands and knees in front of the TV. 

Kevin stuck his dick into Dan's ass crack and pushed. Nothing happened. He pushed harder, with no results. Dan reached between his legs, took Kevin's cock, and guided it to his asshole. Suddenly, Kevin felt Dan's tight little ring of anal muscles gripping his cock head. They caressed his pole as he pushed forward.

Now he was all the way up Dan's ass. He'd never imagined anything could be so hot and tight. Sliding his dick in and out of that man-hole was giving him the best feeling he'd ever had. Kevin marveled at the sight of his poker spreading Dan's buttocks. When he finally glanced up and the television in front of him, he saw the mechanic on hands and knees on a car lift with Brian fucking him from behind. The lift had been raised, so they were in mid-air, screwing over the camera. "We look just like that," Kevin thought.

Dan was moaning with pleasure. "Let me turn over," he gasped. In a moment, he was on his back with his ass sticking up in the air. Kevin didn't have any trouble finding his way back in. Now he could see Dan jerking that seven-inch dick, as well as watching his own cock piercing the man's asshole.

Kevin looked up to see Brian spraying cum all over the mechanic's back. That did it. He started moaning and pumping man-juice up Dan's ass. When Dan felt the hot liquid flooding his guts, his cock started spurting in time with Kevin's thrusts.

Kevin collapsed on top of Dan. Brian's voice drifted down from the TV. "Have you cum yet?" Apparently not, because he said, "I'll help you." Kevin twisted his head to look up at the screen. The mechanic was kneeling over Brian, who was on the floor sucking the man's dick.

"I'm getting cramped," Dan said. Kevin's now soft dick slipped out of Dan's ass and the two lay on the floor in front of the couch. The mechanic was shooting a load all over Brian's face.

Kevin turned away from the screen and buried his face in Dan's thick chest hair. He was so happy to lie in Dan's muscular arms, feeling that wonderful hard body against his and gazing into those deep brown eyes. The TV voices continued in the background.

"You sure shoot a big load. / Well, when it's good, I always do. / Must have been good, huh? / It sure was. / Then does that mean . . . / It means all those parts are yours, and I hope you'll come back for some more. / Maybe I can come back when I don't need any parts? / That would be even better."

That made Kevin laugh. "That's just what I was going to ask," he said. "Can I come back some time and do some more of the things on the tapes?"

Kevin's dick was stiffening again. Dan wrapped his hand around it and replied, "You sure can. Do you have any particular times and things in mind?"

"Would tomorrow be OK?" Kevin was fondling Dan's balls and watching the man's member slowly swell. "I'd like to feel what it's like getting my ass fucked. And there's a lot of other things on the tapes I saw through the window that I'd like to try, too."
