 I felt guilt-ridden, taking pleasure from staring at the cute guy's cock. In any case, I reasoned, it was his own fault for wearing a wide-legged, boxer-style swimsuit; and therefore, I was entitled to continue admiring his jewels with impunity.

It was very early when I got to the beach. There was hardly anybody else there. I had lain on my blanket to take a little sun and had dozed off. I thought I hadn't slept very long but when someone's beach ball bounced off of my head, I awoke. There was hardly enough room for another blanket on the sand. Raising my head, the first thing that came into focus was a guy's cock. He and a girl were on a blanket about two feet from me. 

His raised knee had also raised the wide leg of his boxer-style swimsuit, offering a clear view of his gorgeous, uncut erection-provoking, cock. Lying on my stomach atop my throbbing hard-on had become very uncomfortable. The girl being beside him made it impossible for me to tell him that he had a problem- not that I really wanted to. There was nowhere else for me to spread my blanket, so I had to resign myself to stare at it, while fantasizing that I was bringing it back to life with mouth-to-cock resuscitation.

Its owner was about six feet tall with an enviable tan on a chiseled, cougar-like, wiry body. His strong, muscled arm, across his forehead, shaded brilliant blue eyes from the sun's rays. In his late teens, I would've scored him a nine on ten. His girlfriend or wife; however, was totally unworthy of him.

Her hand was on his stomach, close to where I wanted mine. I didn't care for her, naturally, but her actions weren't completely without merit. I couldn't see clearly enough to know what she was doing but I detected slight activity in his shorts. Right before my eyes, the single-eyed beauty had awakened and was bursting out of its nest.

The girlfriend, - or wife - having unwittingly awakened it, picked up her bag and, without even a goodbye peck, left him. What did it all mean, I wondered. My cock twitched when he slipped his hand down the front of his shorts to reposition his cock before raising himself to a sitting position. 

He took a cigarette from a pack and began looking around. It excited me tremendously when he gazed imploringly into my eyes to softly ask, "D'ya happen to have fire?" He kinda flicked his thumb and finger at the tip of his cigarette; perhaps by way of making an international request. When he flashed his brilliant, sun-rivalling smile, I would've sacrificed an orgasm to have a lighter, or matches. Just imagining, flicking my Bic and holding it close to his face was awesome. 

"Nope, I don't smoke," I said, regretfully. Then, thinking quickly, I added, "But I was just going to get a soft drink," I lied, "And I'd be happy to get matches for ya."

"Oh, no, I couldn't let ya do that," he said.

"Hell, it's no problem, man, I'd love to do it...I could even bring ya a drink. Wha' d'ya like?"

"No, really, thanks a lot...I can go without.."

"I wanna get a light fer ya, huh, wha'd' ya say?" I was already on my feet. "Don't let anybody glom my blanket an stuff," I said, as I ran like a deer toward the lodge. I stopped to look back and burn his image into my memory. I saw, through lust-filled eyes, a beautiful orchid in a field overgrown with dandelions. I was ecstatic, observing that he paid no attention to the big-boobed, bikini-clad bimbos parading before him. 

"Wow, thanks, it was real sweet of ya to do that," He said, when I returned with matches, drinks and chocolate bars.

"Ya can't imagine what a pleasure it was for me; I wanted to do it," I assured him, now sitting where the girl had lain. "My name's Mathew but everyone calls me Matt, Matt Brant," I added, offering my sweating hand.

"Vincent Luciano, but I'm mostly called Vinny," he said, shaking my hand and smiling. "Are you this obliging for everyone?" He asked, lighting his cigarette.

"Oh, no, " I said laughing, "Only for the old people."

"Good heavens," he asked, wide-eyed, "How old do you think I am?"

"I was only kidding...I'd say we're about the same age. I'm nineteen."

"Yeah, so am I."

"Your girlfriend is really something," I lied.

"She's not my girlfriend. I only met her here, this morning...We were talking and realized we lived not too far from one another in Province town...She's staying up at the lodge with a bunch of girlfriends...Do you think she's beautiful?"

"Nope, in fact, I only said she was, 'Really something'..,I thought she might've been your wife, or somethin'," I told him, laughing.

"You do aim to please, don't ya? She's what you call, being beautiful from far but being far from beautiful...Where you from, Matt?"

"New York City but I'm stayin' here, in Wells, for the summer."

"I'm up at the Lodge...I'll be here for for the two weeks so I guess we'll run into each other, plenty, during that time."

"Yeah, I sure hope so, Vinny...Are you alone?" I asked, with my fingers tightly crossed.

"Yeah, I just decided to get away by myself for a while." He explained. 

"Ya don't think y'all get bored, being here alone for two weeks?" I asked, surreptitiously rubbing my hand over my crotch. I hoped he'd get the message. But there was no response. I got hard again when I fantasized pushing him back on the blanket to lie on top of him and suck on his tongue.

"I dunno, Matt," he said, thoughtfully, "I can spend a lot of time in the ocean...and I love sunning, of course...What're you gonna be doin' with yerself?"

"I got lots to do...there's a car I can use whenever I want...ya could go to a different beach every day, along the coast line, and not be able to cover them all." I told him, excitedly.

"That sounds real cool." A wave of euphoria swept over me when I realized how many candies I could offer him.

"Do ya like sailing?" I asked, seductively.

"I don't have many opportunities to sail but, on the rare occasions when I did, I loved it...Are you a sailor, Matt?"

"No," I replied, laughing, "but I can handle a small sailboat, like, up to a thirty-two footer...Y'interested in fighting the sea with me before ya go back to P-town?" If my new buddy was at all into man-on-man games, the P-town reference should clue him in.

"Ohh, would I...Anytime ya want a deck-hand, Matt, just let me know...Oh, my God, that sounds so exciting." He was beside himself. I couldn't imagine why I hadn't thought of all the great things I had at my disposal. My grandma owned a large resort in Ogunquit and nothing gave her more pleasure than to give me anything I needed.

"Fantastic, Vinny, there's so much we can do together that your two weeks will seem like two hours," I assured him, shaking with excitement. Of course, Vinny had no idea of why I was so incredibly wired. It was all coming together so perfectly I could already taste him.

We had exchanged cel numbers but hadn't spoken since we were on the beach, two days ago. He had called on three occasions, leaving messages for me to call him back, but I did not. It had been very difficult for me to not see him but I thought he might be more pliable if he didn't think I was too anxious. He'd seemed quite excited when I called to invite him to go sailing.

I wanted to make sure everything would be perfect. Soap as thick as whipped cream covering my body, I ceremoniously eased my foreskin back and twisted my fist every which way around the knob, being sure to get the soap well into my pee hole. I had already scoured my upper body and now concentrated only on the most interesting areas. Everything had to be done with great care and self control. The danger that I might cum was very real. I didn't want that right now; every milligram of my cum had to be saved for Vinny. 

My balls were full and heavy as I slipped them from hand to hand in the hot foaming soap suds until they were immaculately clean and smooth as silk. It had taken a long time to satisfy myself that my front was as appetizing as the finest Maine Lobster; Lenny deserved nothing less than the best, I silently told myself. 

Rear end Maintenance was what I enjoyed most, although it was the most dangerous from the point of view of involuntary orgasms. I had no idea of what my little sponge-on-a-stick was originally intended for but, as soon as I saw it in the drug store, I knew what I'd use it for. The fine, soft sponge was sphere-shaped and approximately five inches in length. Overall, it had been about a foot long, but I cut it down to eight inches. 

Well soaped, I inserted it in my butt. The sensation, of course, was quite delightful. I twisted, pulled and pushed it until the soft, slippery tip was tickling my insides. The operation was repeated, as often as necessary, until the sponge would come out immaculately clean. Then, with the water as hot as was bearable and the pressure at full power, I spread my legs. With my free hand I stretched my butt hole and directed the hot, powerful spray into my rectum- it was heavenly. I was content, now, in the knowledge that Vinny's tongue could explore, lick and suck me anywhere he wished.

Bare chested, I wore Nikes and white shorts when I picked Vinny up at the lodge. I felt weak when I saw him. He was even more gorgeous than I'd remembered, even though he'd been constantly in my mind. He, too, wore Nikes. His abs seemed more prominent and sexy, but most exciting was the outline of his cock in the tight, white mini-shorts. There could be very little doubt that Vinny wanted me to see what he had, not knowing that I'd already seen his cock at its best. 

It was the first time I'd seen his butt and I wanted to eat it right away. I couldn't help wondering if he knew how I felt. I wondered, too, what I might do if he didn't wanna play. I couldn't recall ever being so horny for someone. "Hi, Vince, great seeing ya again," I greeted, offering my hand. I hadn't intended to be so formal but I couldn't wait another minute to touch him. That tiny gesture was sufficient to send a massive high-voltage shot through my cock.

"Same here," he said, really showing his beautiful teeth for the first time since I met him. "Been havin fun, since I last saw ya, Matt?" he asked, seating himself in the Jag. "Some wheels ya got, Matty, I love it."

"It isn't mine, ya know...Ya got enough leg room, or ya want me to put the seat back a little?" 

"It's fine fer me, thanks. Yer lookin' real fresh this morning, Matt...an' ya smell pretty good, too," he said, exaggeratedly sniffing the air.

"Yer lookin' an' smellin' pretty good, yerself," I said, shocking myself by squeezing his knee. He looked directly into my eyes when he smiled. "Am I being too familiar?" I asked, feigning grave concern.

"No, not at all, I'm comfortable being close...See," he said, smiling as he reciprocated... "Ya might wanna ease up on the accelerator, Matt, that is, unless y'intend to pass that patrol car."

"Oh, shit," I said, taking my foot from the gas pedal just in time; I could see the cop peering in his mirror. "My mind must've been somewhere else," I explained. I knew where my mind was. I couldn't think of anything other than getting him on the boat. I had been visualizing licking and sucking his balls while imagining I could smell his crotch fragrance. And, of course, watching every movement of his hand, resting on his cock, had also distracted me terribly. Fortunately, the resort was in sight and with any luck at all we'd get there alive. 

"Gram, I'd like to introduce you to my friend, Vincent Luciano...Vince, is an illegal, Italian immigrant, Gram, I rescued him from Ellis Island, " I told her, but Vince's surprised expression contradicted me.

"That's good, Mathew," she said, smiling benevolently. Vince looks like too nice a boy to be in detention," she said, smiling at Vince. "Be nice to him, Mathew...What are you children up to?" She asked.

"We're going sailing," I told her.

"Well, be careful...Don't go too fast," she advised. 

We had been on the water for about two hours and were approaching Neddick Harbor, when I suggested we drop the sails and have a beer and sandwich. For at least the last hour-and-a-half I'd been lustfully studying his smooth, wiry body, as well as the outline of the big cock I prayed I'd soon be worshiping . On the edge of an anxiety attack, I knew I couldn't take much more of the nerve-wracking uncertainty. I had made up my mind to put him to the test, once we got below deck. He led the way down the stairs and stopped to turn and look up at me when he reached the bottom. "Are y'okay, Vince?" I asked him, anxiously. His forehead was beaded with perspiration and he seemed awfully twitchy.

"Yeah, I'm fine, Matt," he said, smiling apprehensively. I thought I was going to fall the rest of the way down when his smile widened and he grabbed my cock. "Matt, I need ya; I can't wait," he said, quickly, as he wrapped his arm around me to pull my mouth to his. He was shaking, anxiously, when he opened his mouth to probe my lips with his tongue. I opened my mouth and allowed him to enter. Meanwhile, my hand was in his shorts squeezing the long, hard cock I'd been lusting for; it was almost beyond belief, and there was no doubt in my mind, now, that he and I belonged to the same fraternity.

It had become a case of wanting to do everything simultaneously but of having no idea of where to begin. His eyes glowed with a flaming passion. We sucked each other's tongue and ravenously swallowed hot saliva. "Vinny, let's lie down, huh, I'm being squashed against the stairs." Neither of us wanting to separate, we awkwardly shuffled across the cabin until we fell, still attached at the mouth, onto the bunk. Vince kicked his shorts across the cabin and was moving up on me to shove his cock in my mouth. I grasped it hungrily with both hands and quickly brought the large,shiny knob to my lips. His warm, sweet pre-cum oozed onto my tongue. 

Vince became like someone possessed. He was panting and shaking uncontrollably when he pushed his large knob, non-stop, all the way into my throat. I didn't care if he choked me. I had to have every bit of his incredible cock inside of me. I wanted to smother in his lush pubic hair. Slowly, now, he fucked my mouth tenderly. He pulled his knob out to rest it on my lips, where his pre-cum continued flowing. Then, he withdrew his cock completely and helped me to get out of my shorts. "Oh, my god, Matt, I'm sorry," he said, gasping for breath, "You must think I'm a freakin' animal."

"Vince, ya can't imagine how much I enjoyed that reckless, insanely-hot face-fuck...I don't know how I kept myself from cumin'." 

"Matt, I've been dreaming and fantasizing the weirdest things...I couldn't get ya outta my mind, awake or asleep," he said, "I've never been this horny, Matt, I swear." He pushed me back on the bunk to lie on top of me and lick me all over my face. He licked my shoulders, my neck and my pecks. I shouted out when he bit down on my nipple, but I encouraged him to continue doing it. The pain was incredibly exciting. My body was electrified. He grabbed my wrists and held my hands above my head to lick alternately from one armpit to the other. The feelings were unreal. Heaven couldn't be any better than this, I thought.

Oh, Vince, I've never felt sexual excitement like this before," I said, softly, "I couldn't get you outta my mind either. I'm ecstatically happy, Vince." His warm, saliva-slicked tongue moved slowly down my stomach. He tugged my pubic hair between his teeth. It hurt, delightfully. When he twisted his wet lips around my knob, I thought I was going crazy. He sucked me into his throat several times before licking and sucking my balls. I hoped my heart was strong enough to handle all the excitement. Vince moved up to my head to whisper sensually into my ear, "I'm gonna roll y'over an' lick yer ass hole, baby, d'ya want me to do that to ya?" He asked, "Ya wanna feel my hot tongue up in your butt, huh?"

"Ohh, fuck, yeah, Vince," I said, my voice quivering, "Yeah, baby, please." He began at my shoulders and slowly licked down to the start of my crack. Noisily, he spit and dribbled slippery throat mucus into my hole and followed it with his digging tongue. "Stop, Vince, I don't wanna cum right away. It's my first time being ass-licked...I think it takes a bit of getting used to...Ohhhh! God help us," I said, when he rammed his fingers into me. I hadn't had any idea that I enjoyed pain.. 

I wished I had the nerve to ask him to spank me. I got up and turned around into the sixty-nine position and swallowed his cock until my face was in his pubic hair. He did the same, and began bouncing up and down on me. I sucked his large balls and delighted in the divine scent of perspiration. By now, we both were sweating like pigs. Holding his bubble butt open, I licked, passionately in his crack. His ass smelled as clean as I knew mine was. The more excitement I precipitated within him the more passionately he sucked my cock. I was feeling spasms at its base and my knob was tingling. "Vince, I think I'm gonna cum, oh, fuck yeah, Vince."

"Me too, Matt," he said, breathing rapidly, "Cum in my mouth, baby, I wanna eat it."

"Go as fast as ya can, Vince, I feel it boiling up...My cock is gonna burst. Ohh,yeah, Vinny...beautiful." My knob was deep in his throat when I exploded.

"Get ready, Matt, oh, ohh, god, yes!" I continued sucking him and shooting into him until we had both softened. "Matt," he said, his voice shaking, "If this is a dream, please don't wake me."

"I think we're awake, Vince...That was a fantastic trip." I said, burping appreciatively and wishing I could enjoy the aftertaste of his cum forever.

"It was fantastic fer me, too,...Can I arrange for another appointment, Matt, I gotta fuck yer gorgeous ass?" He grinned widely in anticipation of a favourable reply.

"...I've been thinkin', Vince...like, ah, would ya...there's no point in stayin' alone at that Lodge...If yer okay with it, why don't we go over there an' get yer shit an' ya can stay here...ah, like that is, if ya don't mind livin' on the boat?" 

"Wow! I'd live on a raft if I knew I could wake up every morning with my throbbing cock up yer butt."

"My ass is twitchin', Vinny, baby!"