 After David left for home I kicked back on the couch for a while and replayed in my mind all the unbelievable things that had happened in such a short time. Had I really just sucked off my best friend and swallowed his cum? Did I really let him try to fuck me in the ass? My emotions were off the chart, questions whirling through my head, and they all served to do nothing more than make my cock rise again.

I kicked off the underwear I'd put on after we'd finished and settled back on the couch. I slowly stroked my cock as I assessed the situation. Yes, I'd done all those things. And I felt really great about it! I felt proud for having the nerve to act on my desires, and for somehow knowing he was into it too. That fact alone was enough to send me reeling. I'd known him for years and never had an inkling that he had the same secret sucking fantasy that I'd carried inside me for so long. 

I actually made the first move! I actually had my friend's dick in my mouth, and that was his cum that I could still taste! He really did suck my cock and swallow my cum! All these random thoughts enthralled me as I stroked myself, as turned on as I'd been not an hour before.

Without stopping to think about it I soon found myself upside down on the couch, my knees at the top of the back and my feet out behind. I looked up and watched as I jacked my cock, my hand pumping faster as I felt the tension rise. A hunger began in me and I felt myself getting closer, wanting to taste my own cum for the first time in a long time, to compare it to the load I'd just sucked out of David. 

With a groan out loud I was there, convulsions ripping through my cock as my hot cum spilled out and down, onto my face and chin and into my waiting mouth. Considering that I had just blown a huge load not long before there was a hell of a lot more of it than I expected. I missed the first two shots but after that I managed to aim correctly and received a mouth full as my reward. The taste was somewhat different than 

David's cum and I savored it for a minute before swallowing. At that point I knew I wanted more of his dick. I just wasn't sure how he would feel about it after he'd had time to think over what we'd done.

---------------------

I didn't hear from David for a few days and as the weekend approached I began to wonder if I would. We'd crossed a serious boundary in our friendship, and while I was secure in how I felt you can never really predict how someone will react to a major change in a relationship, you know? 

I needn't have worried though. He called me on Friday when I got home from work, asking what I had planned for the weekend. My heart raced as I considered what that meant. He was obviously ok with what we'd done but I just couldn't bring myself to say "Your cock in my mouth" out loud. 

I kept waiting for the conversation to get weird but surpringly it was like nothing had happened. We agreed that he'd come down on Saturday. His wife was leaving to spend the weekend with her parents about a hundred miles away so he wouldn't have a time limit. He'd told her we were going to go fishing and then hang out and party, then he'd probably crash here. I had to smile when he told me that, it let me know he'd been 

planning his next visit as eagerly as I was anticipating it myself. Neither of us said anything about what had happened but it was clear that we were both thinking about it. 

I'm not sure what I dreamed about that night but I woke up early with a raging hardon. Ordinarily I'd have taken the problem in hand right then but I decided to wait and see how the day would unfold. I figured there was a better than average chance I'd be cumming in a nice warm place sometime soon, and I wanted to savor the anticipation as long as possible. 

I spent the morning puttering around the house with my cock at half staff most of the time. By 9 o'clock I was bored enough to decide to go out and wash my car, and that's what I was doing when David arrived. My heart fluttered a little when I saw him pull in but my cock jumped a bit as well. I needn't have worried though, he bailed out of his truck with a cooler in hand and a huge smile on his face that made me grin right back at 

him. 

He set the cooler down and handed me a beer from it, then took one for himself. I asked him, "Isn't it a little early?" and he replied, "Are we going anywhere?" We both laughed and sat down in the shade. He pulled a nice fat joint out of his pocket and lit it, then passed it to me.

We sat there and shot the shit like any other day, both of us getting pleasantly buzzed and just enjoying the freedom of a Saturday morning off from work. We finished the joint and I drained my beer, then went back to finish with the car. David stripped off his shirt and grabbed the other sponge, and in a short time we were finished. 

I put the hose away and the washing gear back in the garage, kicked off my wet shoes and invited him in. David did the same and followed me inside. He set the cooler on the table, saying "I brought supplies." Curious, I looked in the cooler and laughed out loud: A 12 pack (minus 2), a bag of joints and a new tube of KY. "Everything we need, huh?" I laughed and he blushed a little but I could tell from the way he was acting he was pretty excited. And the KY kinda gave it away too. 

You have to remember we had known each other for a very long time and we were as comfortable as two guys can be when they've been friends for years. I was still marvelling over what we'd done and how I'd never suspected he had the same desires that I had. We'd worked together, partied together, lusted after each others' wives and shared pretty much everything two friends can share with their clothes on. And now we'd 

swallowed each other's cum. My mind boggled at the thought.

We sat down at the kitchen table and I waited for him to say something, anything, to indicate what he was thinking, but I guess he was more nervous than I thought and just rambled on about normal stuff. He lit another joint and it made me smile to see that his hand was trembling slightly. David was a few years older than me but at that moment I felt a kind of need to look out for him and, for want of a better way to 

describe it, to take care of him. He was obviously waiting for me to break the ice and take the lead as I'd done the last time I saw him. 

But I also felt the need to fuck with him a little bit first, just to see what he would do.

I stood up and tossed my empty can in the trash, then said, "I'm gonna jump in the shower and clean up. It's fuckin' hot outside." I smiled and turned my back to him, unbuttoned my jean shorts and dropped them to the floor. Stepping out of them bareassed, I bent over and picked them up, then slowly straightened up and turned to face him. 

What I saw made me grin but he never knew. David's eyes were locked onto my cock, displayed so unexpectedly and brazenly, and the look on his face was pure hunger. 

I loved it.

"I'll be out in a few," I said, then turned and walked around to the bathroom. I started the shower on warm, then stepped in without looking to see if he'd followed me. I'd left the light off and the door open so the bathroom was semi-dark, the translucent shower curtain showing me a silhouette of the open doorway. 

I washed my body, then my hair, taking my time and wondering if he was going to balls it up and come in. As I was rinsing out the shampoo I sensed a change in the light, then heard the shower curtain ratchet back on the curtain rod. As he stepped into the tub I turned to face the shower head to rinse the soap out of my eyes. I leaned in to do so and that's when I felt his hands begin to caress my ass. 

My pulse quickened as I turned my face away from the falling water. I angled the shower head down a little until the spray was against my chest, then pressed my palms against the wall of the shower and waited to see what he would do. 

I didn't have to wait long.

David continued to rub my ass for a minute or two, then slid his hands up the sides of my body and around to my chest. My cock rose to full alert when he gently pinched my nipples. Yes ladies, we love it as much as you do. Remember that. 

I moaned involuntarily and pushed myself back a little until I was pressed against the front of his body. He reached down to reposition his cock, pressing the length of it between my cheeks like the hotdog filling the bun, then he pulled me close, one arm around my chest and the other hand wrapping around the steel bar my dick had become. He slowly stroked me as he slid his throbbing member up and down my crack, and my heart skipped a beat as I felt it pressing against my still-virgin asshole. It was clear he still wanted to fuck me but I have to admit I had my trepidations about how that big cockhead would feel when he eventually put it inside me. Yeah, I was nervous but at the same time I was resolved to let him have me in the most intimate way, mostly because it was obvious that it was something he really wanted, but also because I'd always wondered how a woman felt when she opened herself and was impaled on my cock. As I said, I was experiencing some strange nurturing feelings and more than anything I wanted to please my best friend.

We continued like that for several minutes until, with difficulty, I straightened up and turned around to face him. The look on his face was priceless and something I'll never forget. Imagine what you must have looked like the very first time you realized you were finally going to stick your dick inside another person, and that person really wanted you to. That's what I saw on David's face. That's what gave me a warm rush 

throughout my body.

With a shuffling of feet we managed to switch our positions so he was under the shower. I reached for the body wash and poured some into my hands, then began to wash him. He stood passively in front of me, one hand on the wall and the other lightly holding the shower curtain rod as I washed his upper body. I took my time and explored as my hands touched and cleansed every part of his chest, then reached around and washed his back as he stared me in the eyes, still with that look of wonder on his face.

I poured more soap into my hands, then knelt down in front of him. With loving care I washed him, sliding my hands all around his legs and ass,and I laughed as he kept turning by degrees, always angling his raging cock at my mouth. Like I needed a hint, right? 

When I finished washing everything else I finally took his cock in my right hand. He stumbled slightly as I squeezed it in my slippery fist, then very slowly stroked his length. The swollen head of his cock looked even bigger than it had the last time, and I had another momentary misgiving about whether it would really fit inside me and how it would feel. I'd already made up my mind to do it, but it still threw me a little when I thought about it as more than an abstract concept. I wanted it, I think, as much as he did, but still...I mean just picture yourself bent over with your best friend's dick buried to the hilt in your asshole. 

Got it? I thought so. 

I continued stroking him with one hand and with the other busied myself gently washing and caressing his balls. His sack was stretched tight despite the heat of the water, and that told me he was definitely close to giving me a shower of his own making.  

Releasing my new toys with regret, I took his hips in my hands and turned him around to rinse. As the soapy water streamed down his body I slid a finger between his cheeks and rested the tip against his hole. I began teasing it with gentle strokes and probes until I heard him groan in pleasure. 

Aha... 

Not wanting to waste what I'd been waiting for I turned him back to face me once again. I looked up and saw him gazing rapturously down at me, his cock bobbing in front of my face. I locked eyes with him and took that big head into my mouth. He stared down in wonder as I slid forward, slowly engulfing him an inch at a time until I felt that slight gag reflex when he pushed against the back of my mouth, then slowly back until just the head was inside my lips. I bit down gently and lightly scraped his cock with my teeth, causing him to moan and reach for me as he pushed forward.

He held my head and started slowly fucking my face as my tongue pressed firmly along the underside of his cock. I took his balls in my hand, rubbing them softly as I pleasured him with my mouth. I sucked him with delight, savoring the taste and the feel of having my lips stretched around his cock again, knowing how good it felt to him as it slid in and out of the heated pressure of my eager mouth. His breath came fast as he watched me devour his most precious possession and I had to wrap my hand around his shaft to hold him back from trying to shove it all the way down my throat. 

I caressed his swollen balls with one hand while I nursed hungrily on his throbbing cock, the taste of his oozing precum on my tongue resonating at a primal level somewhere deep inside me. I wanted nothing more at that moment than to suck, just suck until my craving for cum was satisfied.

But I also wanted to savor it as long as possible and to give David a day we'd both always remember, so with a feeling of regret I pulled back, sucking hard as I did until I held just the big head in place with my lips. I probed his tiny slit with my tongue one last time, then pulled back again, making a popping sound as the swollen head slipped my lips.

I looked up at him and grinned at the look I saw on his face, his almost desperate desire for the pleasure to continue to it's ultimate ending. He groaned as I swallowed him one last time, then sighed as I backed off and stood up.

"Good stuff, huh?" I asked with a smile. We both laughed. Then, taking my rigid cock in his hand he asked, "What about you?"

"Let's dry off and see, ok? I think we're running out of hot water," I laughed.

We rinsed off one last time, then I turned off the water and we stepped out. He handed me a towel as he took one for himself and we dried ourselves off quickly, both of our stiff members bobbing in the cool air. I was as fascinated with his as he obviously was with mine since we were both staring hungrily and I had to wonder: 

What the hell was I becoming?

When we'd hung up the towels we went back to the kitchen naked and sat down at the table. David pulled another joint and two more beers from the cooler and lit up, then passed it to me along with a beer. I popped the top and drank deeply, the alcohol making me a little dizzy so early in the day. I leaned back and savored the taste of the smoke as we looked at each other, both of us grinning like idiots.

We smoked, drank and relaxed for a few minutes, not saying much. It was a totally surreal scene: I was naked with my best friend, also naked, smoking a joint and drinking beer at my kitchen table on a Saturday morning. I had a steady stream of images flowing through my head; 

touching him, holding his cock, the close-up view of it as I opened my mouth to suck, the feel of his rod jerking as he emptied his balls into my throat and the sounds he'd made while doing it. I still couldn't quite wrap my mind around everything we'd done...and the things I still wanted to do.

It seemed that I had assumed the more dominant role in the situation and I was warming to the task as the beer and the excellent smoke took hold. I started telling David about what I had done after he'd left that night, jerking off and eating my own cum, and he listened with rapt attention. He responded by telling me about how he had gone home that night and fucked his wife until she screamed, all the while thinking about what we'd done. She was a sexy thing and one I'd always wanted to fuck, and the visual of him pounding her pussy made my cock rise to full attention once again.

I took a last long pull on the joint, then stood and walked around the table to where he was sitting. My cock jerked as I faced him and I stepped closer. His gaze never wavered as he wrapped his hand around my dick and started to stroke it. He took a last drink and held it in his mouth for a few seconds, then swallowed and immediately engulfed half of my length at once. 

The coldness of his mouth shocked me to the core as it met the radiating heat of my cock and my knees wobbled a little. I put a hand on his shoulder to steady myself and pushed my hips forward, watching eagerly as my best friend swallowed my dick for the second time. With the same enthusiasm I myself felt he began sucking me in deeply, then sliding all the way back until just his tongue caressed the head for a few 

seconds, then plunging back down again. 

It was heaven. You know what it's like to be sucked by someone who is totally into it, don't you? And how hard it is to step back from the feeling that you'd do anything...anything to keep the pleasure going until you cum? I did though, and with a gasp I pulled back and disengaged myself.

He looked up, a little confused at first until he saw me reach into the cooler and get the lube he'd brought.

"Come on," I said softly, then turned and walked toward the bedroom.

He followed me in and I gestured toward the bed. He lay down obediently and I crawled over to him. With both hands I moved his knees apart and nestled myself between his legs, his pulsing and swollen cock in front of my face. I took it in my hand and slowly stroked him. "Don't cum yet, ok?" I asked. "I know what you want...and I want it too, but I want this first." 

A look of joy filled his face as I took him into my mouth once more. I took my time, savoring every bit of it, burning the sights, sounds and tastes into my memory. He moaned softly as I ministered to his manhood, sucking and nibbling along the length, then swallowing every inch as he bucked involuntarily. 

It was every bit as good as it had been the first time. I could feel the blood pulsing inside his hot dick as I did my best to take him as deeply as I could. I knew I'd never be able to swallow that big mushroom but I sure spent plenty of time sucking on it in different ways. I could have gone on for an hour but his breathing started becoming ragged and I knew that it had to be soon or I'd lose him in the pleasure. 

I released his cock and moved to his side, remaining on my hands and knees, and believe me, he knew what I wanted. David moved quickly behind me and I heard him fumbling with the KY. I gasped as he spread some on my virgin asshole, remembering too late that it had been in the cooler and was fucking cold!

"I know, right?" he said with a smile in his voice. "Shoulda warmed it up." His finger did warm it pretty quickly, which says something about how hot we both were. He probed gently, sliding his finger into me to the first knuckle and lubing my tight ass for my first fuck. My breath hitched and my mind reeled.

I was really going to do this. I was really going to let another man fuck me in the ass! Part of me wanted to think about the implications of it but much more of me wanted to feel it for myself.

David moved closer to me, one hand on my hip, and I felt the big head of his cock press against my asshole again. He didn't push forward, knowing I'd never done this before, and I was grateful that he let me take the lead. Or maybe he needed me to in order for him to keep himself in 

check. I've never been sure, but he held his throbbing cock steady as I pushed back, slowly allowing my ass to stretch to accommodate his size. He moved just a bit, helping me get the angle right, then suddenly it was in! With a gasp I felt the huge head of his dick slide past my defenseless asshole and stop a couple of inches inside.

I'd fucking done it! 

David asked, "Are you ok?", and I just nodded, unable to speak. I grabbed one of the pillows and wrapped my arms around it, resting my head on it as I slowly became accustomed to the feeling of him invading my slowly yielding asshole. It was a little painful at first, but surprisingly not nearly what I'd feared. I started liking it pretty quickly. 
