 I was planning a trip to visit friends in the Denver area. I work out quite frequently and prior to my trip searched on-line for a local gym with a pool. I came across a site called the Denver Swim Club. I clicked on the link and was surprised to find more than a pool. I must have spent 5 hours looking at that website over the course of a week.

To begin with, I'm married. I would honestly say I am straight. Well as straight as a guy can be, who messed around with guys in his teens and with a roommate in college. But I haven't sucked or fucked with a guy in over a decade –those are stories to share another time. 

After arriving in Denver, I drove toward the club. I told my friends I would be arriving later in the day, so I had time to burn. I saw the building. Pretty non-descript from the outside. Suddenly I became nervous. What if someone saw me? 

After circling the block a couple of times, I got the nerve to pull in the parking lot. It was mid-morning on a Saturday and there were only a few cars in the lot. I wished I had worn a baseball hat. I swallowed hard and took a deep breath. Walking with my head down I made it to the front door. Upon entering the building I entered a small foyer. Boy, did I have the jitters. 

A handsome guy in his early 30's greeted me at the counter. Cute and about my age. I was fumbling around and he asked if I had ever been there before. I said "no". He told me I could get a locker or a room. I decided to try a locker. I handed him the money and he gave me key to a locker and pointed me in the direction of the locker room. He buzzed me in and I walked into the club. 

The first thing I noticed was the temperature – it was nice and warm. It was dimly lit and had music playing. I made it down to the locker room and found my assigned locker. Inside was a towel and condom. As I started to get undressed, I worried about someone coming on to me...and also worried about being rejected. On top of that, I was concerned I would bump into somebody I knew. Funny – I was 2000 miles away from home. 

I stripped and wrapped the towel around my waist and put the key band on my arm. Next to the locker room was an exit to an enclosed pool area. It was warming up to the 80's, but nobody was in the pool yet. I started to explore the rest of the club. 

I walked down a hall to the pool and hot tub area. Dipping my foot into the pool, I decided it would be great for laps. To calm my nerves a bit, I dropped my towel and climbed into the hot tub. Boy did that hit the spot. There was a porno playing on a small TV on the wall. I know this will sound dumb, but I was surprised to see such hardcore action right away. I stayed in the hot tub for about 10 minutes and didn't see anyone else in the club. I got out of the tub, wrapped myself with the towel and wandered around again. 

I entered a room called the video lounge. There were about a dozen beds tiered throughout the room. Some were bunked. A 30 year old Hispanic guy was laying down on his stomach with his towel covering half his ass. He had a nice body with a slight trail of hair down his crack. I thought he was sleeping, so decided to keep looking around.

I walked across the club and found the rooms; they were up and down three hallways. I looked into one and saw a bed and a footlocker. I came across the shower area and steam room. The cleaning crew was just finishing up, so I continued my tour. I came across the glory hole area, a small room with a sling and another video room. I turned to head to the shower area and walked right into another guy. I about pissed myself. He reached out and lightly rubbed my crotch through my towel. 

I said thanks and moved on. I didn't think I could go through with this. The guy wasn't bad looking and had a nice enough body. I needed to chill out a bit. I walked back to the video lounge to lie down and think. When I entered the video lounge an older looking guy was on the bed next to the Hispanic guy. The older guy was in this early 50's and fit. I was rolling a condom down his very erect cock and fingering the Hispanic's ass. I lay down across from them and watched for a while. 

My nerves were starting to be replaced with desire. The older man shook his head at me, so I decided to leave the room. When I was walking out, he mounted the Hispanic man and I could hear them both groan as a hard six inch cock slid into a welcoming hole. I guess the Hispanic wasn't sleeping after all. There was much for me to learn in bath house etiquette. 

I decided to walk outside to the pool area. I decided if I wasn't going to hook up, at least I could work on my tan. I climbed onto a lounge chair and covered my crotch with my towel. I have never tanned in the nude and didn't want to burn in the warm Colorado sun. I must have dozed off.

I was awoken by a splash. I looked into the pool and saw a gorgeous looking guy. Late thirties, about 6'2" and 200 lbs of lean muscle. Sandy brown hair capped his head. He glided through the water and his ass danced in the water. It was hairless and beautiful. I watched him swim a couple of laps and climb out of the water. His chest was broad with nice pecs and nipples. The only body hair he had was under his arms and what framed his cock and balls, which swung heavily in the morning air. As he walked by me he dripped some water on me and smiled. 

He bent over on the next lounge chair and dried off his legs. His ass spread ever so slightly. Enough so that I could see a light dusting of hair in his crack. His balls hung loosely. I stared at him with my mouth wide open. He was why I came to this club. I would have done anything he asked to have a crack at him...and I mean anything. 

He walked past me and headed back into the club. I waited a moment and thought to myself – it is now or never. I wrapped my towel around myself and went to find him in the club. I looked around and couldn't find him. I came to the sauna area. The entrance was covered in clean plastic. I hung my towel and walked inside. It was dark and appeared empty. The entire wall of the sauna overlooked the shower area. Inside the shower was my man. I climbed back on the steps and watched him like a voyeur. The water was running down his arched back. This guy was hot. I decided to sit down and let the heat penetrate my body. 

I was relaxing in my own world when I heard a foot tapping. I strained my eyes to see in the dark, and could barely make out the figure of a man at the end of the sauna. He tapped again. I was torn. Did I leave and join Adonis in the shower and risk being rejected? Or should I stay in the safety of the sauna and watch? As I considered my options a hand came out of the darkness and lead me over to the corner. I sat next to a mid-40's gentleman. He appeared to be in good shape. His skin tone was dark. I didn't know what nationality he was. I am not a bigot – I have never been with a person of color before...man or woman. He leaned over and said "suck me". 

This was too much for me. Granted, I was in a gay bath house, naked with a man in a sauna. But I was scared to go down on someone when I couldn't see them. I told him I needed to be safe. He grabbed my hand and placed it on his cock. It was big. It was about 7" long, but very thick. I could barely get my hand around his cock at the base. I started pumping his cock and he did the same to me. 

I am about average at 6" and modest thickness...never had any complaints. My claim to fame is I come in gallons and am hard like a rock. My balls usually stay close up to my body and I don't shave down there. I like the natural look and feel. In college, my roommate kept my balls shaved and the rest of me trimmed, but I didn't like the maintenance. Apparently, neither did my sauna buddy. He had a brazilian, with a 5 o'clock shadow. 

I was temped to go down on this guy. He started oozing precum. I had to keep telling myself "you are in a gay bath house, you have to be careful" (if this would have been the Adonis in the shower, I would have let him fuck me right there without a condom...STUPID!). He asked me a couple more times to go down on him and I declined. He said he was going to come and told me to stop jerking him so he could recover. He pushed me over toward the edge a bit and I was worried I would fall over. I put a leg over his for balance and leaned against the wall in the corner. He continued to jack me and started pinching my nipples with his other hand.  

He started sucking on my ear. My dick stretched to a new record, I could have pounded nails with it. I was in a pretty trusting position. Legs spread, leaning against a ball...when all of the sudden he brought his fingers down to my balls. In reality, I knew what he was going to do but it still surprised me when he rubbed a finger against my asshole. He slowly added pressure and entered me. I saw stars. My ass is connected to my cock and I told him so. 

He continued his assault on my ass while jacking me off. When he leaned over and kissed me, he could have had his way with me if he wanted. I almost picked myself up and dropped down on his bare cock until he started massaging my prostate like a pro. It was like lightning struck my entire body. I told him I was going to cum and he said "do it man, cum baby cum!" I blasted off so hard the first three shots covered my face and open mouth. I drank myself in and moaned like a whore. I came so much my balls hurt. The room as silent. He let go of my cock but added another finger to my ass and said, "next time this is mine". His fingers were so coated with my cum they slide right in. I opened my legs wider and he pumped me for a couple more seconds. My cock barely deflated. I climbed into his lap facing him and kissed him like crazy. I grabbed his thick cock and put it under me, between my ass checks. I dry humped him for a minute or two and again considered dropping down on his cock. I got up and left the sauna, planning to grab a condom down the hall. I grabbed two for good measure. I had a lot at stake. A family and my health were at the top of the list. When I came back into the sauna he was gone. 

It was probably a good thing. It gave me time to think with my big head for once in the last ten minutes. I decided there was too much at stake for me to risk (I know, easy to say after I got my rocks off). I headed for the showers and cleaned myself off. I was covered from head to toe with cum. While I was in the shower another guy in his 40's came in the gang shower. He was stroking himself. Decent enough looking guy, OK body with a average sized cock. I decided it was time for me to go. 

I headed back to the locker room. As I passed the door to the outside pool area I looked to see a 19 or 20 year old guy floating in the water. I laughed to myself and thought of him as raw meat. My cock was starting to deflate as I dropped my towel in the locker room. As I bent over to pick it up, the older man who had been with the Hispanic was behind me and rubbed his cock up against my hole. When I stood up to and turned my head to look back, by ass checks held his cock perfectly at the entrance to my asshole. My cock started to respond, but as I looked at the guy I thought I don't even know him. This is ridiculous and dangerous to boot. His crown rubbed and sought entrance. He handed me a condom. I told him "thanks", but said I really had to go. I dressed and walked out of the club into the morning sunlight thinking I was glad I experienced a bath house, but it would be a one-time event in my life. 

I jumped into my car and drove toward my friend's house. I was really looking forward to catching up with them but wondered if there was a real gym around for me to pick up a quick workout this weekend.