 "Miss Lendell, please send in my next appointment."

I stretched behind my desk wishing the stress of the day to ease up. A romantic dinner with Beth would make it all worthwhile I thought as I cleared my desk in preparation for my next new parolee. I heard my office door open and I asked them to come in and take a chair. When I looked up I froze involuntarily.

The boy that stood in the doorway wore a black leather jacket and tight fitting jeans and he was so beautiful that it took my breath away. My first thought was that I was being set up by some candid camera thing and that this young man must be some sort of model at the very least. But what drew my eyes even as I willed them not to go there was the enormous bulge in his jeans where his cock rested.

I managed to pull my eyes away and open the manila envelope that lay in front of me.

"Mr. Devins, I believe." I said again raising my eyes to look directly into his deep blue ones.

"Please come in and take a seat Mr. Devins and we will begin." and again I pulled my eyes from his and forced them to the dossier in front of me. I felt him come in and take a seat at my desk and I left him to get a look around my office as it settled most of my parolees and allowed us to build a better rapport. As I scanned the list of charges that had brought him into my life I saw that it was a sexual based case. I leaned back in my chair and once again his eyes were on mine. His hair was so dark it was like pitch, falling loosely just a little past his shoulders with natural waves that framed his cute face which was carefully neutral, giving away nothing of what was going on inside of him.

"Well Mr. Devins it seems that you are here due to a sexual assault charge. Why don't you tell me about it and we will go from there." I offered as our eyes never left each others and once again I told myself that something was wrong with this whole scene and found I had to force myself back into my professional stance and that somehow it wasn't easy.

At first there was only silence as my eyes moved ever so slightly to his mouth. I wanted somehow to tenderly kiss him and I ached for his returned passionate kiss, tender yet hungry. When my eyes found his again, they had changed somehow. There was a knowing look in his eyes that had not been there before and he looked away for a moment.

"Well sir, what can I say really. I had a sexual relationship with a person younger than eighteen and I am here sitting with you now...being punished for god knows how long." and a mixed look of pout and defiance etched his face and he went silent.

"Dennis that doesn't tell me very much about what really happened and I'm afraid I don't have the details in front of me as of yet so please, once again tell me what happened." And I turned to pick up my coffee from the corner of my desk with as nonchalant an expression as I could manage. He let his lips part just so and I almost dropped the coffee in my lap when he did it. But I was in a relationship with a hot woman and I loved her. What in the hell was I doing fantasizing about this boy?

"Well, if you really are interested in all of the details Mr. Scollins I'll give em to ya" he said his deep blue eyes still on mine. There was no look of anger or animosity in his eyes at all, just a look of resignation. I nodded for him to proceed with his telling of his side of the story.

"I am a senior at Glenblade High school and I don't have many friends cause my mom and I just moved here from Florida. I do all of the normal teen stuff but I'm into photography not sports so there's not a lot for a guy like me to do ya know?"

I nodded that I understood and he continued. As he talked I watched his mouth move and once he stopped in the middle of a sentence and licked his lips and I realized that I had been staring at his cute mouth and started suddenly when I knew that he had caught me. He showed no indication whatsoever that he was aware that I had been staring at his lips and fantasizing thank god and I let him continue, purposely forcing my eyes back from his face to his rap sheet so as not to lose myself again.

"There was a girl in my homeroom class that seemed kind of a loner also and I found out that she was the photographer for the school paper. So one thing led to another and we started hanging out."

Here we go I thought as he related the story to me...here is where his awesome looks make the girl melt and he fucks the shit out of her and somehow this kid gets caught. But I was very wrong.

"We started sharing pics and shooting stuff around the school and we really enjoyed being around each other. She really knew a lot about photography and she taught me a lot. One day I went home with her to see her camera and her makeshift darkroom. It was cool and everything and really she was a lot better shooter than I will every be but as we were there looking at her pics, her brother walked in on us."

And then he stopped talking as if he had run out of story to tell me. I looked up and realized that I had been letting my eyes slowly wander all over his body while I had been listening to him. Shit.

This time there was a strange look on his face and he was looking right in my eyes.

"Please continue Denny." was all that I could manage and I suddenly realized in horror that I had a raging hard on and that it was showing big time. Thank God I was behind my desk and he couldn't see it or it would have been very awkward to say the least.

"Get a grip on yourself for gods sake" I thought

"Mr. Scollins, excuse me for asking but are you alright? You seem kinda distracted or something."

I looked at him again and he had a defiant look of "I know" on his face. I didn't know what to say to him so I brushed his comment away with my hand.

"Just a lot of cases on my mind Denny. Go ahead."

" Ok well we all started hanging out and Paul and I, that's her brothers name ended up hanging out more together because well hell, we're guys right? Anyway we realized how much fun we had together and one night he and I were drinking some beers that I had gotten a hold of from a friend and it just happened..."

I was frozen to my seat as the details of this young studs sexual escapades aroused me until my cock ached inside my suit pants. But what I couldn't understand is what had happened? Had he fucked the sister late that night or had something else even more unbelievable happened that night.

"Ok what um just happened Denny?" I asked clearing my throat.

"Well Paul and I had sex sir." he said as he looked away in embarrassment.

"Ok, I understand please continue." I managed to say with a neutral voice but my mind was picturing the entire scene. Dennis Devins naked, his beautiful cock being sucked on by some other gorgeous teen hunk and Dennis moaning in pleasure as thick spurts of cum squirted from his sweet cock.

"Sir... Mr. Scrollings? Are you ok sir?"

I managed to pull my mind back to reality in time to see Dennis looking at me with a strange look on his face.

"You just kinda went away there for a minute or two sir, um are you ok?" he asked sweetly, a genuine note of confused concern in his voice. I felt myself blushing even though I tried so very hard not to.

"Yes, yes Dennis I'm fine just remembered something that I needed to take care of this afternoon that's all, I apologize." I lied picking up my coffee to sip at it again.

"Well sir that's really all that I know. We had a great time together and we wanted to see each other again we both agreed. Then the next day I was arrested at school and taken to the police station where he and his parents were. They had set up some kind of hidden camera in his room for gods sake and that's how they found out. He said he cared about me and didn't regret being with me but they insisted on pressing charges, soooo again....here I am."

I let the information sink in and fought to keep my face neutral as I responded.

"Well Dennis, we all make mistakes. That is what in fact makes us human right? I'm going to talk with your lover and his parents and see if we can't get this whole thing reduced somewhat alright?" I said as I smiled encouragement at him across my desk.

"That would be really awesome sir, I mean I know that you know I've never been in trouble before and I was locked up for over two weeks already. I thought I was going to jail or even maybe prison but when the judge just gave me parole I felt like I could still have a life after all ya know?" he said half smiling in a unbelievably cute way.. I felt my dick harden again and now it ached for release.

I stood signaling that the interview was over forgetting about the huge boner in my pants and he stood also his eyes going immediately to the unhidden bulge in my suit pants. He cleared his throat and looked away embarrassed. I felt myself blushing again and walked to my office door opened it and said goodbye with as much dignity as I could and closed the door behind him.

I sat stunned behind my desk for how long I was not sure and then it was Launa gently knocking on my office door to ask if I wanted her to bring me back Chinese from her lunchtime. I thanked her and declined saying that I needed some fresh air and was going out myself. I walked to the mens room and went into one of the huge stalls and sat on the toilet finally releasing my stiff cock. I immediately started to stroke it thinking about Dennis on his knees with his beautiful pout mouth wrapped around my cock and sucking me slowly, gently, loving every minute of it and it wasn't half a minute until cum burst out of me and I couldn't help but cry out in pleasure. I came and came and then I just sat panting with sweat all over my forehead and face as my heart pounded out my wicked lust. I relaxed for a few moments and cleaned myself up and left the building feeling strange and dreamy somehow and I hoped that it wasn't some candid camera setup as they would just have caught me jacking off to one of my parolees!

I found a quiet little Italian cafe around the corner and went inside for a slow lunch and a bracing glass of wine while I figured everything out. I ordered a simple lunch of soup, salad and bread sticks, and ate quietly absorbed in my newfound lust for a young man whom I had just met in my office. My God, I jacked myself off thinking about him! I thought as I finished my meal and sipped at some cinnamon flavored coffee.

I left the restaurant and headed back to my office and the real world of cons and parolees and crimes and the law. They system of which I was a part and of which up until now I had excelled at. Now all of the colors had seemed to turn from a black and white to a shade of grey.

Just as I was about to cross the street and enter my building, I looked across the street and there stood Dennis. He wasn't wearing his dark leather jacket but I would know him anywhere after today. Just then a bus passed between us and when it had passed he was gone from sight. Again I found myself standing on the street corner stunned like a love sick teen.

I found several phone messages on my desk upon my return and there was one that piqued my interest. It said simply to go to club Pleasures at ten o'clock on Wednesday night and that I might see something that I would find interesting. The note had no name and no return phone number and I asked shiela about it and she explained that after giving the message the person had just hung up, and that it had been a woman who called. I returned to my office and tried to work but my mind kept wandering, so I told Shiela that I was going into the field to do my rounds and I would see her tomorrow.

Tuesday came and went without any special occurrences and Tuesday night Beth and I went out and had dinner and afterward we went back to my condo to relax and she planned to spend the night. We had slow wonderful sex that night, but as she was sucking on my long cock I was fantasizing that it was Dennis and that he couldn't get enough of my dick. I exploded into her mouth with such force that she even mentioned that whatever she did to turn me on that much she should do more often because she loved having me cum so forcefully, really squirting it into her mouth. I smiled and lied to her telling her that it was just her that had me so worked up and that it was her oral skills that made me cum so hard and so much.

Wednesday went by slowly with the usual parolees coming in to either register with my office or to give me their latest excuse as to why they had gotten into trouble and would I give them a break. After work I went home and took a nap as I wanted to be fresh for whatever waited for me at club Pleasures at ten that night. Ten o'clock saw me pulling into the dimly lit parking lot downtown and I surveyed to surroundings as I exited my car. Typical downtown, with a few homeless people and druggies wandering the streets looking for something, they knew not what. The air smelled slightly of wet and garbage and all of the buildings seemed grimy in the dim streetlights. I checked to make sure I had my badge with me and took a deep breath and headed towards the red door at the entrance.

I could hear the music from outside as I pulled the door to the club open and stepped inside. The room was filled with plumes of smoke that rose like smoke from a hundred fires. The club was filled with people and I just stood in the doorway for a moment to let my eyes adjust to the darkness.

A long horseshoe shaped bar stood in the middle of the room where men and a few scattered women talked and laughed raucously. Not wanting to stand out I made my way to one of the seats and the bar and sat down. The bald guy behind the bar made a vain attempt at a welcoming smile and I ordered scotch with ice. He nodded and moved away after giving me the once over and prepared my drink. I pulled out a twenty when he served me and that brought a bigger smile from him as he must have realized I was no deadbeat. Now I had time to let myself scope the place out.

The first thing I noticed was that there were a lot more men than women in the place and when I saw how the guys were kissing and holding hands, I knew I was in a gay bar. I scoped the place out even more looking at the crowd nonchalantly for any sign of a face I recognized. My eyes took in face after face as the music continued to thump away, making it hard to think. Suddenly my eyes fell on the face of a man sitting alone at the far end of the bar. He had long blond hair and a mustache and immediately warning bells went off in my head. His eyes were looking right back at me and I forced my eyes to continue moving around the bar as if I had not recognized him. A moment later I let my eyes flick back to him and he had a smirk on his face as our eyes met again and then her looked away.

I felt a sense of danger as I knew that someone here had recognized me and that could not be good. Was he a parolee? Or was he someone else from the past that had slipped from my mind in the line of people who I met every day in my work? It was then that the music changed and I noticed that the stage that stood behind the bar led to a curtain which guarded a portal of some kind in the back wall of the club. Curiosity got the best of me as I wondered what kind of show went on in the pleasure club. I didn't have to wait more than a minute as a gorgeous young man dressed up in a scanty cowboy outfit danced his way from the portal out the where the crowd gathered at the bar. Immediately the mood in the place changed and there were hoots and catcalls as this hot guy began to gyrate and tease the crowd into a frenzy. Men went forward to slip money into his g string which he wore around his leg close to his crotch and from the look of things he was doing ok. He was blond and wore a mask but I could tell that he was young, probably just out of high school.

He began to strip as the next song began and shortly he as bare except for a g string and silver cup which barely covered his cock and balls and as he danced I expected them to fall out free at any minute. A new bartender showed up at that moment, a gorgeous woman and she whispered into the bald mans ear and he relinquished the bar to her. The first thing she did was to come and ask if I cared for another scotch and I agreed, pushing money at her as she served the scotch. She smiled and moved on to serve the other patrons and I let my eyes slip back to where the blond man that I had recognized sat, but he was gone. A sense of apprehension swept over me and I quickly scanned the entire club to see if I could locate him. I felt better knowing where he was rather than him having the drop on my in a strange club. In my line of work one has to be constantly on guard against angry parolee's who feel you have shafted them and are out for revenge and this thought swept through my mind as I failed to locate him anywhere.

I made myself relax and force my attention to the stage where the young blond boy was just finishing up his act as his cock had grown since his last dance. The music ended and he allowed a few men to slip money into his g string and one or two let their fingers caress his dick unashamedly as he bent down to let them whisper into his ear. A sound at the bar directly in front of me startled me and I saw the hot female bartender setting down a new scotch and ice for me. I nodded and began to sip it.

Once again the music changed and the blond moved off of the stage to accept drinks from his adoring fans. The performer that came on next was just as young even wearing his little mask and his upper body was bare showing off a beautiful toned chest and cut muscles. Unlike the first boy this young man didn't seem to have any tattoo's on him but I let my eyes sweep over him from his dark hair to the costume her wore. Suddenly I realized it was a prison uniform complete with I.D number and it stunned me as she began to dance to the somewhat slow music. If the first boy got it off to a rock and roll start, this guy wanted to ease into it and let the desire build slowly.

I again sipped at my drink and felt a warm glow of pleasure spread over me as I realized I was enjoying myself and that everything was ok with the world. Why should I deny myself a little dark pleasure in a place like this? I worked damn hard and I needed to let my hair down a little so to speak. I looked up at the male dancer and that was when it hit me. The dark hair, the pouty full lips, and the huge bulge in his prison costume. My God it was Denny, and I was watching him perform a strip tease in some seedy bar downtown! I drained my scotch and instantly the barmaid was there with another one as I looked down to keep my head from swimming. I felt warm and happy but a little dizzy and I put it down to realizing that I was actually getting to watch my fantasy boy strip for me.

I felt my dick begin to stiffen in my pants as me approached Denny to slip money into his g string which was biggie than the other dancers had been.

Probably due to the fact that his lovely cock is so much bigger I thought.

He moved his hips in a tantalizing movement that seemed to hypnotize me as my eyes were riveted on the bulge in his g string. I just watched and let my mind run with the fantasies that came to me. The barmaid asking if I wanted another scotch pulled my eyes away from the object of my lust and I nodded with a silly smile.

"I'd better slow down a little" I told myself as my drink came and I received a flirty wink form the sexy barmaid. When I looked back up at Denny he was staring right at me and standing over me as his hips moved in slow grinding circles as our eyes met. He was not smiling at me, just looking into my eyes and then he reached down and let his fingers slid over his bulging cock and my mouth fell open in desire as I silently mouthed the words "Oh my God". He smiled then and winked at me and slowly pulled the rest of his costume off revealing his gorgeous legs and muscular ass.
