 My name is Jason and I was a 26 year old virgin. I've always been interested in sex and constantly horny, but the opportunity had never presented itself. That was until last night when I was perusing a dating/ hookup app, and the local guys.

 Let me start out by describing me before getting into the action. As stated, I am a 26 year old, white male. I stand roughly 5 feet, 10 inches tall and weigh in at 135 pounds. Now I don't frequent the gym, but I do keep in good shape, resulting in toned arms and chest, and a little definition in my abs. Moving south, I have a 6.5 inch cock which is nice and thick, and a tight round bubble butt that guys just love. I keep my cock and ass shaved so that they are nice and smooth and presentable.

 Now I've always been sexually attracted to both males and females. I've always dreamt about and gotten excited at the thought of bottoming for a guy. I had toyed with the possibility of doing this multiple times, posting online and frequenting dating/ hookup apps, but nothing peaked my interest enough to pull the trigger. That was until last night when I started talking to a 19 year old in my area.

 I started chatting with this young man and he told me how he had never done anything with a guy before either. He was not a virgin as he had dated and fucked girls in the past, but he was looking to have his first experience with a guy. Through the chatting we determined that we were interested in each other and decided to swap pics. He too was a white male with some nice definition in his torso and arms, a nice long thick cock with a monstrous mushroom tip, and a pretty taught ass to top it off. We talked for a little while about what we were interested in doing and decided it was time for us to meet.

 Knowing that I was going to be bottoming, I went to get ready. I made sure that I shaved myself smooth everywhere. I cleaned my chest, back, cock (so that I had my landing strip), and my ass. I then went through the process of making sure I was clean and ready to go and it was time to warm up. 

 Now since I have never had sex before, I had to keep myself satisfied in other ways. That is why I have my dildo. 6 inches of ribbed pleasure which allowed me to get off, and in this case warm up for what was about to come. So once I was clean and ready to go, I lubed up my ass and slide down on top of my dildo. I grinded on in and bounced up and down slowly just to get used to it again, and then began to ride it with some vigor, stretching my ass out. As I was really getting into it I heard a knock at the door and yelled for the person to come in. The gentlemen obliged and walked in to the sight of me with a dildo up my ass.

 He was immediately excited and wanting to have some fun. He placed the lube that he had brought with him down on the table and I told him to pick up the camera and phone that was there. I love recording when I play so I already had a computer set up capturing the action and these were for him to capture a POV perspective. He picked them up and walked over to me, ran his hand down my back and rubbed my ass. He got down on his knees to get a closer look of the dildo up my ass and felt how wet I was with his finger. It was all too much for him now and he was ready to go. He stood back up, walked in from of my and began to unbutton and slip off his pants.

 As his pants fell to the floor, he exposed that delicious cock I had seen in his picture. It was just what I was craving. While still bouncing feverously on the dildo I reached out and grabbed his now semi-erect cock. I began stroking it as I moved it closed to my mouth. As it reached my mouth I stuck out my tongue and began teasing him by flicking it in his pee slit. He loved it and when he couldn't take it anymore he grabbed the back of my head and shoved it all the way in. I sucked his cock with long, slow strokes and began to get a rhythm going; up and down on the dildo, while in and out of the cock. I had to have sucked him for at least 15 minutes, getting it all wet, sucking on his balls every now and then and flicking my tongue in his slit. Eventually I couldn't wait any longer, and I needed that cock in me.

 I pulled his cock out of my mouth and told him to sit down on the couch. He sat down and rubbed his now wet cock as he watched me take a few more bounces on my dildo. At this point it was not necessary, but he lubed up his cock as I got up off my dildo and slowly made way over to him on the couch. I needed his cock in me so bad, but there was still time to tease him once more. When I got to in front of him, I turned around, bent over, spread my cheeks and showed off my tight, yet stretched, asshole for him. He loved it and took his lubed up fingers and inserted them, just to get a taste. It was enough of the foreplay though, and time to get to the main event.

 I straightened up, turned towards him and slowly lowered myself onto his cock. There was little resistance as I slowly rocked back and forth and up and down on his cock getting used to this new sensation. All while doing this my rock hard cock is rubbing against his stomach and chest. He was in sheer bliss, just laying back and enjoying it. Then he popped up, out of his slouching position and I felt a hand on each of my ass cheeks grabbing a handful. Each hand gives my ass a spank and then spread my cheeks wide, providing a great view of his cock deep in my ass for the camera's which are now placed in front of us. With my ass cheeks spread wide and my ass taking all of his cock deep, he decides it is time to pick of the pace and begins fucking my faster, harder, deeper. My legs and feet, which were perched bent on top of his legs, now fall to the side as he is in complete control and I am lost in ecstasy. After doing this for a while he tires and his pace lessens. That is when I moved back into control.

 I spin around with his cock still inside me, plant both feet on the ground and continue to bounce on his cock hard and fast. I make sure his cock is pounding me and being buried in my ass. He likes the view, as I am bent over, and he smacks my ass as I take care of his cock. His stamina was amazing and I was shocked he hadn't cum yet. I decided it was time to give him a bit of a break though. I got off his cock and positioned myself on the floor, face down ass up. While doing this, I reached being me and spread my ass wide beckoning him to come over. He obliges, gets down on his knees and begins to like my hole and tongue fuck me. It drives me crazy and I want his cock again, but he isn't done teasing me; it's his turn to do it now.

 To tease me he positions his mushroom tip against the entrance to my hole. He beings slapping his tip against my hole and sticking just the tip in and out of my hole. I beg him to give me all of his cock and eventually he obliges and plunges his entire length balls deep into my ass. He decides he is going to use all of my ass now and he is going for goal. He pounds away at my ass so hard all you hear is the sounds of bodies slapping together and moaning. He pushed my shoulders down for leverage, grabbed my hips and shoved his cock in me as deep as he could. I could feel the amazing sensation of his taught ball sack slapping against me the whole time. 

 I could tell he was getting close as he grabbed my ass on either side and began going as fast as he could for as long as he could possibly stand it. I told him to fill my ass with cum and he buries his cock deep in me one last time as I feel him explode. I feel rope after rope of hot, sticky cum shoot out of his cock and coat my ass. I couldn't believe the size of it or ow long it took him to get it all out. Eventually though he finish, removed his cock from my ass and came around to the front of me. He put his cock in my mouth and I sucked him clean.

 Needless to say we didn't just do it once last night... It may have been my first, but it won't be my last, especially with him.