 "Hey Jim, you enjoying the party?"

I looked up, and saw that it was my host, Bruce, walking up to the couch I was sitting on. I was a co-worker of his sister, and she was constantly bragging about his parties, and that I should come to one with her. I gave in, more out of curiosity than anything, and here I was, sitting on his couch, drinking his mojito, and people watching.

"I am, thanks Bruce, just taking a load off for a minute."

"Sounds like a good idea, I'll join you."

He eased into the other seat of the two-seat sofa, balancing his wine.

"You have a great house."

It was great, a two story place, one level below a McMansion, Bruce was a software developer with at least one nice patent, or so it seemed. The living room, where we were right now, was quite large, with five other couches spread around in the very dim light, all of them occupied in some way. You couldn't see specific faces unless you knew them really well, just shapes. I had mingled a bit earlier, but the only one I knew at the party from before was his sister.

"Once we've both rested, I'd be happy to show you around."

"I'd like that, thanks. You throw a great party."

"I'm glad you could make it, Lisa has told me a lot about you."

His sister was not a dating candidate for me, she was into rocker types that I totally wasn't. But we were the same age, 26, and had enough in common that we were close friends at the office, and buddies outside of it.

"She's always bragging about you too."

"Is she your date tonight? No girlfriend?"

"Not right now, just haven't met the right woman. What about you? No man to share this with?"

"So she told you I'm gay?" An eyebrow was raised.

"Of course, shouldn't she have?"

Bruce was 33, medium sized in most ways, with dark hair. He didn't look 'gay', but only in that he wasn't effeminate. Stylish would be the right word.

"Not at all, I just forgot that you two are such close friends. Have you ever experimented with a man before?""

"No, never." Most gay guys I met asked me that, so this wasn't a surprise. Either it was part of their way of putting me at ease, or they just wanted to sniff out a homophobe right away, or both.

"Grossed out by it?"

I laughed.

"If you'd asked me that 5 years ago, I'd have said yes. But now, I just haven't had the inclination."

"Interesting. Too bad too, you're the kind of guy that I usually go for."

I was very flattered at hearing that, this guy could have his pick of gay guys.

"Well thank you, that's nice of you to say. The type of guy you go for as a boyfriend? Or sexually?" I knew at once that I shouldn't have said that, but I hid it, as it was too late now. I had fallen into a slight trap of sorts, without realizing the full implications.

"Both, if you want to know the truth."

We got off that subject for a bit, instead talking about Lisa and what she must be up to right now in another room, she was a bit slutty.

"You haven't been with her?"

"Just a kiss or two at New Year's, that's it."

"You don't want to?"

"I don't know, we're just too good a friends to mess with it." Not true, I would nail her in a minute if I could, though I would never count on her to be faithful. But even with a gay man you don't admit that you want to fuck his sister. It's just not done.

We talked about other things for awhile, and wound up sharing his wineglass for the last few sips, as mine had run out. The party was still in full swing, and swing was right, as a couple in the couch opposite us had started to make out, heavily.

I couldn't help but notice, and Bruce turned his head too. He leaned close and whispered to me:

"They really should get a room, but I don't want to be a spoilsport."

"I think they're probably not the only ones going at it right now." 

He had scooted over to do the whispering, his arm on the back of the couch behind me, and now his breath was warming my face. It felt good, and I didn't want it to stop as he replied.

"Good bet. You need to imitate them, find a nice girl to hook up with." There were straight people at the party of course, it was probably 50/50.

"I'm fine where I am, you should find a nice boy." 

"I'm fine where I am, but I appreciate you thinking of me." His arm was now around my shoulders, and without thinking I slipped mine around his waist.

"No problem. Will you stop them if clothes come off?" Now I was thinking about that arm, but he had moved his body so that it would be awkward to take my arm away. 

"I don't know, I wouldn't want to ruin your show. It's two guys you know, doing that."

I couldn't really tell, only that they were both slim, but I guess I would have to take his word for it.

"So that's why you're not stopping it."

"I'll give you $100 right now to go over there and say something to them." He quietly chuckled.

I laughed quietly at the offer, the coin wasn't worth what the reaction would be.

"No thanks, not going to do your dirty work." Plus, it was too much fun watching them, I was hoping that clothes might come off.

His arm squeezed around me.

"Admit it Jim, you're turned on. You hope that one of them will start sucking the other off."

"Of course I'm turned on, it's sexy as hell." The two figures were now fondling each other, while still making out heavily.

"You really never thought about being with another man?"

"I never said that, I said that I have never had sex with another guy, not that I never thought about it." No, I'm not a lawyer.

His reply was to reach down with his free hand and feel my cock.

"You're hard Jim."

"I know." Boy did I know, I was hard enough that I didn't take his hand away, even though I knew that a line had been crossed here, even more than the arms around each other.

"This turns you on."

"A lot, yeah." Dangerous to be so honest with him, maybe it was the booze talking.

"Turn your head this way, I want you to see something."

I did as told, and looked at him, wondering if someone was fucking on a different couch.

"See what?"

"This."

He leaned the rest of the way over and planted his lips onto mine, holding my head as his tongue easily sundered my defenses, entering my mouth with a smooth thrust.

Now, I'm not going to sit here and tell you that I didn't know that this was going to happen. I did. From the moment his arm went around me, and I didn't resist, I knew that a move was coming, it was just a question of when, and what would I do about it. Well when was now, and his hand was still on my cock, very slowly rubbing it.

When I'm horny, I'm very suggestible, very. So him rubbing my cock through my pants, guaranteed him as long a kiss as he wanted. And he wanted a long one, and I responded, thrusting against his tongue with mine, enjoying the experience of my first time kissing a man. His tongue seemed heavier than a woman's, and his face was of course rougher, even after a clean shave before the party. I thought about those things for a few seconds, then just gave in to the tongue action, the slight amount of alcohol I had imbibed smoothing the way for it. We went at it for a few minutes, deep making out. I have to admit that the forbidden nature of the thing was the real turn-on here, though he was an outstanding kisser. I couldn't remember ever being this eager for a kiss, and being this hard from it.

Without breaking mouth lock, I reached over to feel his package, though I'm not expert enough to know how big it was right then. But he liked what I did, and we were now like the other couple, making out and fondling. I was trying to undo his belt, very clumsily, when he pulled off my mouth.

"So how about that tour of the house?" He wasn't even breathing hard.

I, on the other hand, was about to faint, even though the kiss had barely lasted five minutes. I've made out for an hour without being this out of breath.

"Whatever you want, sure." I knew that I was about to get a good look at that cock, I guess he didn't want that look to be in public.

"Excellent, let's go." 

He got up off of the couch, and offered his hand to me, to help me up. I took it, and came off the couch right into his arms, where he met me with another kiss. He wrapped his arms around me, and I couldn't help but do the same as we made out, standing, right there in the living room. 

It was official, now that I was standing up: kissing a woman had never made me this hard, not as an adult anyway, and I was now resolved to do whatever he wanted. I heard some of the party noise in the background, but no one seemed to be commenting on us, or the couple on the couch. I guess this kind of thing happened often at his parties. But mostly I thought about how aroused I was, and about what he would want next. This kiss was a bit more sensual, and a little slower, but I was loving every second of it.

He ended the kiss, slowly extracting his tongue.

"Nice Jim, very nice, you kiss like a pro."

"Thanks, you do too." I could barely talk, and my cock was so hard that it almost hurt.

"Your first with a man?"

"Of course."

"Let's find somewhere private, and give you some other firsts." 

I didn't get a chance to respond as he put his arm around my shoulder and guided me out of the room. I was a bit sobered up now, and was really hoping that I wouldn't see Lisa on the way to wherever we were going. We were friends, but you never know what she might say at the office.

But we didn't, and Bruce led me up the stairs and down a long hallway. He produced a key from his pocket, and unlocked a door at the end. He saw my questioning look.

"I don't want anyone fucking on my bed, unless it's me, and these parties can get a little wild."

"Good idea." I didn't know what else to say.

We walked into the room, and it was a very nicely decorated master bedroom. Huge bed in the middle, with all the usual accoutrements around the room. There was no mirror on the ceiling or anything like that, like I had wondered about on the way up. It wasn't a fuck pad type bedroom, it was just a typical master bedroom with a huge bed. The décor didn't even look, for lack of a better word, 'gay', though neither did he.

"Now Jim, are you ready for this?"

Was I? But it was really too late by now wasn't it? I was still half hard, and he hadn't done anything more than put an arm around my shoulders for the last couple of minutes. But I had to answer fast:

"Yes, I believe I am." Surely we would kiss more, which would make me hard enough to go through with this.

"Good, you do seem to have a bi side at the very least, judging by how you kissed me back. Not too many straight guys would make out without another man that well, or be that into it. Who knows, you might be gay, not bi."

"I don't know." But I liked women, didn't I? I was certainly attracted to them like crazy. But I just shrugged this off as him setting a mood.

"Do you want me to guide you?"

"Yes, please." It would be easier if I just let him tell me what to do and how to do it, I decided.

"I'm happy to, you're a nice guy and it'll be my pleasure to initiate you into gay sex."

"How often do you do this?"

"Break in straight guys?"

"Yeah." I had the feeling that I wouldn't be his first.

"Not that often, but you're not straight Jim, like I said, you're just inexperienced. Take your shirt off and come over here." He crooked his finger at me.

I did as he said, while he took his off, and then walked the five paces over to him, next to the bed.

"Do you want to kiss some more Jim?"

"I'd like that, yes." It would keep me horny if nothing else, and he was really good at it. My cock jumped just at the suggestion.

"Good, so would I. I'll put one hand on your head to keep us together, while you use yours to take off my pants and underwear, then I'll use my free hand to remove yours."

"Okay, sounds good." I was a bit relieved that he was so detailed about it.

"Don't worry, it's okay to be nervous, it would surprising if you weren't." 

I didn't answer, as he pulled me into our third kiss, while I again fumbled for his pants, this time with no couch contortions getting in my way. 

Now of course I've multi-tasked like this before, kissing and stripping, and I'm usually pretty good it at too. But this time, the removal of the other person's pants would produce something long and hard that was going to enter me in both major holes. That made it different.

But I managed to get the pants down, and the underwear, boxers, off in short enough order, while still thinking fuzzy because of his tongue in my mouth, and oh man was it a talented one. I knew that he was going to be the one fucking me, not the other way around, and I was going to be sucking him any second now, but a small part of me was hoping that his talented tongue would be on my cock at some point.

I got my first feel of a cock that wasn't mine, and it was very strange to be touching it from the angle I was, since I was used to gripping my own cock from 180 degrees opposite. I didn't want to be too rough, so I started gently caressing it with both hands. I felt his slight moan in my mouth, as his free hand now went down to my own slacks. 

He had them, and my own boxers down in about half the time with one hand that I'd needed with two, all the while deepening our kiss. This guy was skilled. 

Now that we were both naked, each taking care of our own socks, he pulled me right against him, and our cocks were now touching. I couldn't stroke him now, so instead I started massaging his ass cheeks as I pressed my lips harder into his, trying to make his tongue go deeper into my mouth as our cocks rubbed together. It did, and my moan was very deep and very long as he soul kissed the life out of me, and all the resistance. 

We must have made out for 10 minutes before he pulled away, my cock was so hard right now it hurt.

"No straight or bi man kisses like that Jim, you're gay. I'm so pleased to be the one to show you your true sexual self. Now, what do you want to do?"

I still didn't think I was gay, just bisexual and very horny. But I didn't want to argue with him, not if there was the slightest chance that he would back away because of it. I had to have him.

"Whatever you want me to Bruce." Said in a quiet voice.

"Do you want to suck my cock Jim?"

"Yes please."

"Say it, it's the next step for you. I can feel your need, now I want to hear it." His voice was very convincing, though not quite hypnotic.

"I want to suck your cock Bruce." It did feel better after I said it, for some reason.

"Why Jim? Why do you want my hard 8 inch cock in your mouth?"

"Because the idea of it makes me so horny."

"More horny than licking pussy?"

"Yes." That was easy, I wasn't wild about sucking pussy with the best looking of women, the smell and the hair were both kind of a turn-off.

"Before this night is over, I'm going to make love to you, and after that, you're going to tell me that you're gay, I guarantee it." He sounded very confident.

"What makes you so sure?" No way, women were too attractive.

"I can feel it in you Jim, your mouth said it without talking. Your cock is so hard right now, because you know you're about to be changed. Now I'm going lay on the bed, and you do what you want to do." He got on top of the bed, settling in a sitting position, his legs spread.

My legs were trembling as I got up on the bed, between his legs. I was actually shaking all over, but I was about to lower my head when his voice paused me.

"One more time Jim, I want to hear you tell me what you're about to do."

"I'm going to suck your cock Bruce."

"Whenever you're ready Jim, please do."

I didn't need another invitation as I bent my head and tentatively stuck out my tongue, touching the tip of his cock with it. It had a musky taste at first, which was pretty good, so I began licking the head, up and down. I had received enough blowjobs, and seen enough porn, that I more or less knew what to do.

"That feels good Jim, just do what feels natural to you." He sounded pleased so far, which I took as a good sign.

At that very moment I was lowering my mouth over the head, kissing it as I went down, and swirling my tongue. It's hard to describe the feeling, having a tube of flesh in my mouth for the first time. Even though he was rock hard, it was still very easy to tell that this was part of his body, it felt so alive in my mouth, twitching as I ran my tongue all around it. 

Yes, it felt amazing.

I went down a little bit more every minute or so, always keeping him in my mouth. I had one hand under him, palm holding his ass cheek, while the other hand was just kind of hanging out, before I decided to touch his balls. I was very careful not to tickle them too hard, while at the same time not scraping his cock with my teeth. The latter was more difficult......I was going to say 'harder'.......because his cock was pretty thick. Overall it was an inch longer than mine, and about 10 percent thicker. Mine was still totally hard while I was doing this, which helped a great deal, or so I kept telling myself.

He didn't say much else while I sucked him, just a lot of 'mmmm's' and 'ahhhh's'. I guess I never did badly with the teeth, because surely he would have mentioned that. I tried to go all the way down, be a deepthroater, but my gag reflex would only go 6 inches for me, but he still sounded happy as he made his noises, and he never asked me to try to go further. He seemed determined to let me do it my way, with no training.

"Jim, I'm about to cum in another few seconds, think about where you want it."

That was the easy one, I didn't do all of this to not taste the cum after he shot it. I withdrew enough so that just his head was in my mouth, and then I took my hand off his balls and started jacking him a little. 

He didn't say a word, just a loud grunt as his cock stiffened up, and served me his cum. It was surprisingly warm, you hear the term 'hot cum' and think it's hot in a different way, but no, it was quite warm.

And very salty, and I swear I could taste wine in it too, but it was not a liquid I would want to drink for the hell of it. I reflexively swallowed the first two spurts, but managed to keep the rest in my mouth as he finally stopped after six spurts, the first two were quite long too, hence the swallowing. I heard his breathing slow down to normal, and I pulled off his cock, keeping my mouth closed. I waited until he was looking at me, and then I made a big show of swallowing all of the cum that was in my mouth. He did look impressed that I didn't spit any of it out.

"You were terrific Jim, the best oral sex I've ever had from a virgin before."

"Thanks." The residue was very strong, and I had no doubt that I needed some gum for my breath. He seemed to think of that.

"Lay down here next to me, let's wash your mouth out."

I did as he said, and he rolled on top of me, kissing me. It was a long, languid kiss that involved his tongue examining every inch of my mouth. All the while his cock was rubbing against mine, and I could feel it getting harder with every passing moment. I had managed to look over at the clock as I laid down, and my blowjob had taken 15 minutes exactly, which said a lot about his stamina, and about my technique too. We kissed for an equal amount of time, me loving every second of it, as he was now fully engorged again.

"How was your first blowjob Jim?"

"It was wonderful." My horniness was like a drug now, and my hand was lightly playing with his cock.

"You're a natural, you knew just what to do. Your mouth is very skilled, both on my cock, and with kissing."

"I do love kissing."

"You do it very well."

"So do you, your mouth is perfect. I really love kissing you." With my other hand I was rubbing his ass.

"How did you like having a cock in your mouth?" He was caressing me now, which was keeping me rock hard.
