 This, the third part of my story is actually based on experiences that I actually got to enjoy. The role of Gavin is actually a mould of a few different partners I had while experimenting with men, and for the most part everything I describe pretty much happened, though perhaps not all at once or with the same partner.

Thanks for reading, and of course, enjoy.

***

Gavin and I arrived fairly early, about 9am. We parked and started on the 30 min walk to the secluded nudist beach north of the main beach. I'm not the fittest guy in the world, so the walk on the soft sand had me panting a bit when we finally arrived, though I took solace in the fact that Gavin was also panting a bit and he was definitely fitter than I.

We had planned this visit to the nudist beach for some time now. From what we had heard, the beach was used mainly by gay guys, and there were quite a few stories doing the rounds of hook up's on the more secluded sections of the beach.

The relationship between Gavin and I had grown comfortable, we met up when we could, spoke about politics and sport and when we were ready, we stripped down and explored the sexual sides of ourselves that we couldn't in our real lives. Both Gavin and I were in long term relationships with our girlfriends but it seemed we both craved that guilty pleasure of man-love enough to risk the odd meetings.

Gavin first brought up the nudist beach after a hurried afternoon of banging. His slowly softening cock had pretty much just slipped out of my mouth when he brought up the subject.

"I read about a gay beach that just an hour or so from here. Mike from work was telling me." he said.

"Yeah?", I grabbed the towel nearby and wiped away Gavin's warm cum from my face and lips.

"Apparently there's not just nude tanning, but some hook up's as well". Gavin got off the bed, his beautiful cock that I had moments ago been worshipping still glistened from his cum and my saliva, a tiny drop of cum caught the light as it fell from the tip of his cock making my stomach muscles tighten with fresh desire.

"Sounds interesting," I said as I stretched over to fondly his heavy balls some more, "what were you thinking of doing?".

Gavin dodged out of reach of my hands and instead climbed onto the bed beside me and rolled me onto my front. I felt lube splash on my butt and then Gavin's hands massaging the lube over my butt and into my crack, pretty soon his fingers were slipping in and out of me.

"I thought we could visit and just check it out." Gavin paused and his fingers left my hole, I squirmed at this suddenly feeling of emptiness, but then relaxed as I felt my favourite toy, a prostate massager, being rubbed against my lubed up hole.

"Who knows" Gavin continues, "maybe we meet someone who's keen to make our twosome a threesome." Gavin worked the massager deep into me and switched the vibrator on, rolled me over and swallowed my cock.. I quickly became oblivious to the world as I dissolved into feelings of pleasure that only a massager and a willing mouth can produce.

Fast forward two weeks and here we were, spreading our beach towels on what was a nudist beach frequented by gays, or so we hoped.

The first thing I noticed after the towels were spread was the fact that there was no one else on the beach apart from us. 

"I think it gets busier later" Gavin said. He hardly paused before he pulled his board shorts off and stood there nude. Gavin and I got on well in spite of only meeting a few months ago, though it felt like years. As I admired his body, I reflected a little on our relationship and the roles we naturally fell into.

I enjoyed being a sub of sorts for Gavin. It's a role I wasn't accustomed to at home with my girlfriend or at work, where in both cases I was expected to take the lead. It was Gavin that took the lead in our relationship, he has slowly blossomed into a confident sexual partner for me and was keen to flex his new found dom nature.

I had fantasized about three ways as had Gavin, but it was he who was taking the lead on this. On a previous meet up I had arrived at Gavin's place to find he had purchased a real looking dildo that he had fastened to his glass shower door with it's suction base. Needless to say it wasn't long before I had been backed onto the dildo in the shower while Gavin pounded my mouth with his cock. I loved it and was keen to see where this day was heading.

We spent the next 30 minutes or so chatting idly. I finally pointed out the obvious, that there was no one else but us on the beach, and that maybe we were either in the wrong place or perhaps this wasn't a gay beach at all.

"Well," Gavin paused and looked about, "we're still on a secluded beach, if no one else arrives, we can still enjoy each other here."

"I like that idea!" I grinned back at him. 

Gavin lay on his back, propped up on his elbows. I was kneeling to the right of him, naked as well. I was still a little nervous, but the thought of messing about in the open like this with the likelihood of being caught a reality, well I'm not sure anyone could avoid being turned on.

"Rub sunscreen onto me." Gavin ordered. I grabbed the bottle and squirted the lotion into my hand, and started slowly applying it to Gavin's skin. I started at his chest, allowing my hands to glide gently over his body, using the sunscreen as a lube of sorts.

I ran my hands down his arms, enjoying the muscular hardness of them, first one side then the other. I ran my hands over his chest, enjoying the sensation of his nipples hardening against my palm. I continued down to his flat belly, and around his sides.

I skipped over his soft cock and started on the top of his legs. Gavin cycles often his his legs were muscular and defined. I ran my hands down to his ankles, and then returned to his thighs.

As I got to Gavin's thighs, he parted his legs slightly, an obvious invitation. I glanced about the beach but still couldn't see anyone yet; either we were really early or in the wrong spot. 

I looked back down at Gavin's resting cock. Usually when we found time to hook up together it was quick but very passionate. I had all the time in the world today though, and was determined to enjoy myself. I lay down beside Gavin in a 69 position. He still lay on his back, eyes closed, mouth slightly open. 

At first I merely enjoyed the view I had of Gavin's cock. It lay soft against his left leg, he was definitely a grower, soft he was only about 2 inches. One of my favorite things to do was take him soft into my mouth and swirl my tongue about his head as he grew larger in my mouth.

Gavin was not circumcised, neither was I, and for a reason I don't know, this turned me on as well. He was also clean shaven, though a bit of stubble was showing on his balls. I leant forward, my mouth maybe half an inch from his cock, and I inhaled deep. 

The scent of his cock, a manly musky smell with faint scent of soap, these smells coupled with the smell of the lotion, the sand and sea all came together in a rush! I actually felt slightly faint headed from all the feelings of desire and pleasure it invoked.

My breath on Gavin's cock had some reaction and his cock spasmed a little. I couldn't help but smile how such a small action could make me feel so good in spite of the fact I had let to even touch him. 

I leant forward and now took his slowly hardening head into my mouth. I didn't do anything at all, just held his cock still. I felt Gavin's cock start to swell in my mouth, I could even feel at his foreskin start to roll back a bit. I pulled away and watched as his cock now took on a life of its own.

It rose steadily, with slight jumps, his foreskin pulled about halfway down the head. I again leant forward and this time licked his cock from the base of his balls to the tip of the head. As I reached his head I swirled my tongue around his foreskin, almost as if I was trying to get my tongue under the skin itself.

Gavin's hips fairly jumped up. I went back down to the base of his cock and licked my way up again, swirling my tongue against the sweet spot at the base of the head, even pushing the tip of tongue against the pee hole.. I explored his throbbing pole with my tongue, following the blue veins up and down. 

I Rubbed his cock over my face, allowing the bulbous red head to slip into my mouth. Gavin pushed hard every time his cock slid into my face, grunting as his did. I felt his balls slap against my my face as his cock slid down my throat; it took a great deal of patience and practice but I now could deep throat without gagging much.

My own cock had reached for the sky and Gavin turned his head and took it into his mouth. 

What a feeling it was, The warm sun on my skin, a faint breeze dancing along my body, my hard aching dick being sucked on, and of course my own mouth filled with Gavin's dick. Gavin now reached down and pushed me away from his cock. 

I lay back as he began to work earnestly on my cock, sucking and licking away at it. I groaned loudly each time he pulled away and then plunged back onto my cock. I knew I wouldn't last much longer and told Gavin so.

Gavin pulled my cock from his mouth and got up and climbed onto my chest, my arms pinned against my body by his thighs and his cock inches from my mouth.

Strands of precum and my saliva fell from his cock and onto my face. 

"Open wide as you can" Gavin said. 

I complied, and Gavin's hips thrust forward, his cock probing the back of my throat. I immediately tried to suck at him.

"No!" Gavin exclaimed "Just keep your mouth open. And wank yourself off".

I did as Gavin instructed. I lie there on the empty beach, my mouth open wide as Gavin fucked my mouth like it was a fuck toy from a sex shop. After every few thrusts he pulled out dropped his balls into my mouth, then went back to pounding my throat. At the same time I wanked myself furiously.

"Fuck I'm gonna cum" Gavin groaned after a few minutes of ravaging my throat. He pulled away and stood. "Cum on my cock" he urgently commanded.

I needed little persuasion, I was close myself and within a few seconds strands of my cum started to land on Gavin's cock. 

"Onto your knees" Gavin commanded.

I dropped to my knees and opened my mouth. Gavin grunted as he shoved his cock back into my mouth, his cock wet with my saliva, his precum and my cum. To be honest I never tasted anything, Gavin forced his cock so deep into my mouth and throat, I only had the sensation of slickness and my mouth became full.

Gavin grabbed my head with both hands and banged away at my mouth like never before; clearly the thought of fucking in the open with the risk of someone arriving excited him as it had me. We were both so overcome with passion that we could have had an audience and I would never have noticed a thing besides Gavin's frantic thrusts into my mouth.

I have no idea how long he kept fucking my face, if felt like hours but was probably just minutes, but he suddenly stopped thrusting and stood still with just the tip of his cock in my mouth. I looked up at him and saw he was watching me. 

Without any words he slipped just the head of his cock in and out my mouth a few times, the sweet spot of his glans rubbing against my bottom lip..

"Keep you mouth wide open and keep looking at me!" Gavin didn't need to tell me twice.

I knelt there in the sand before him, my mouth wide open and my head tilted back, just the head of Gavin's cock in my mouth, and he began to cum. The first spurt caught me by surprise a little, it went straight to the back of my throat. And then the gushing started and Gavin's cock pumped and endless supply of cum straight into my mouth. Some of his cock leaked out around my mouth and down my chin, but still I knelt there, mouth wide open.

Gavin pulled his cock out and with a dreamy expression on his face and eyes closed, gently rubbed his still oozing cock over my face. Finally he snapped out of his reverie and half collapsed to the sand. 

"Fuck that was incredible!" he said, "Was it okay that I did that?" Gavin also asked.

"Anytime you want." I replied back at him with a smile.