 This is a story about a trip to the strip club that took an unexpected turn and ended up being one of the hottest sexual experiences I have ever had.

I'm bi and occasionally go by myself to the strip club to relax, have a few beers and enjoy watching the sexy women. Usually days like this end up with me jerking off when I get home. On this particular visit there were two younger guys sitting next to me at the bar. They seemed to be blue collar types, maybe around 22 and were obviously enjoying themselves.

Listening to them telling one another what they would do to each of the dancers was starting to turn me on. They started to get more aggressive with the girls as they came around to collect their tips. Much more grabby with fingers trying to get to places and dirty with their comments. I overheard the taller of the guys say he had to piss and told one of the dancers he wanted to pee on her while she danced.

I was super horny by now and decided to see if I could have some fun. I bought a round of beers for them and they both accepted and were extremely happy about it. They began to include me more in their conversation and my mind was racing. 

The dancer who the tall guy said he wanted to pee on was disgusted by the comment but I got turned on by it. I have peed on myself while masturbating a few times and it was sexy so I could only imagine if I had a hot guy peeing on me what it would be like.

After I bought another round for them the tall guy, Luke, said he was really starting to like me. His friend was in the bathroom at the time so I took my chance. I told him I would keep buying if he would pee on me like he told the dancer he wanted to do to her. 

He was pretty buzzed by now and looked a little caught off guard to say the least. 

He said "are you gay or a fucking queer or something?" 

I looked him in the eye and said "no I'm Bi".

With that he took another sip of his beer and said "I'll piss on you if that's really what you want, I don't care."

I was surprised when his friend came back Luke was acting like nothing happened and was continuing on as before. When he got up to go to the bathroom my heart started racing.

I followed behind about 30 seconds later. It was perfect timing as his friend was gone getting a private dance. When I got to the bathroom he was waiting for me. He was not the bear type I usually go for. Was very tall and lean, probably 6'2 and 175. He wanted to pee on me in the stall but that was too gross for me. I led him outside to an open field that was next to the club. 

He kept saying, or slurring is probably more accurate, "I'm not doing anything else, got it man?"

Once we were far enough away I sat down and stated to strip. When I was naked I spit in my hand and started rubbing it on my growing cock. Luke was looking at me like I was nuts. I looked at him and asked him to pee on me like he told that girl. 

He took his cock out and I was happy to see a nice hairy mound surrounding a soft but super sexy cock. His stream first hit me on my moderately hairy chest. I rubbed it in as I stroked then scooted back so it was streaming directly onto my cock and the hand that was stroking it. Then his dirty talking started and I was nearing cumming so quickly. 

He was saying stuff like, "YOU LIKE THIS FAGGOT?" and "is this what you want bitch?"

All I could do was stroke my cock and enjoy this amazing feeling with his hot pee splashing all over me as I stroked now furiously. He thankfully had a lot of pee stored up inside him. 

He stopped only for a second and then said "open your mouth bitch". I immediately did as I was told and he directed his stream into my mouth. I couldn't take it anymore and shot a huge load into my hand as his warm piss shot into my eager mouth. 

I licked up all of the cum out of my hand and it tasted so sexy mixed with his pee. He zipped up then went back inside the club. I stopped at my car and dried myself with a t shirt I had in the back seat then headed back inside too.

Luke was obviously talking to his friend about me when I was walking over to my seat next to them. His friend was looking at me a little weird now too.

I bought one last round to relax a little figuring the exciting part of my day was over now. Then Luke's friend gets up a comes to sit next to me. My heart started to race wondering what he knew and how he would react. 

He whispered in my ear, "I hear you're a real piss slut" and "how come you didn't want me to piss on you?" Then as I was already getting so turned on he says " I'll piss on you faggot bitch but you're going to blow me too."

Wow this night isn't over yet I thought as I just looked him in his eyes shaking my head up and down without saying a word. He got up then went to sit next to Luke. Whispering in his ear something while looking at me smiling.

I finished my beer and was talking with one of the dancers while trying to be patient waiting for them both to finish theirs.

As soon as Luke's friend got up he nodded at me "let's go" my heart sped up again. I followed them both as Luke knew where to go. 

I had slides on and just my shorts and a t shirt since I didn't bother putting on my underwear after cumming earlier. I was naked in a second and Luke's friend had his cock out pretty quickly. It was a nice fat hairy one, just what I like and he wasted no time letting his piss wash all over me. I eagerly rubbed it all over my chest and cock and begged Luke to pee on me too. He then started and now I had two warm streams of pee spraying all over me. It felt incredible and I started to stroke my cock, occasionally taking some of each into my mouth and drinking what I could. Luke then suddenly started walking away and said he needed to go and that his wife was waiting on him. 

His friend then said "I want that blowjob now my little bitch."

Here I am sitting naked covered in piss from two guys, in the dark, in the middle of an open field, and I'm feeling so horny and turned on. 

He smelled musky as I rubbed his semi hard cock all over my face. I loved the look on my drunken friends face as I took his entire cock into my mouth and began sucking on it. My heavy suction had him rock hard in no time and he then grabbed my head from behind and began face fucking me. A couple of times I almost couldn't take it and gagged a little. 

He released his grip on my head and slapped me across my cheek saying "come on bitch, you can take it". This was something I had never experienced before but the weird thing is the more he did it the more turned on I got. 

I was jerking my cock furiously while squatting in front of him getting my face pounded. As his pace quickened his dirty talk got to a whole other level. He reached down and started teasing my ass with his finger. Fuck this got to me and my cock was now harder than ever. After what seemed like 30 minutes he shot several squirts deep into my throat. I don't even think his cock was done pumping yet and he turned, put his pants back on and walks away without looking back or saying a word.

I hadn't cum yet so I finished myself off, sliding a few fingers in and out of my ass while shooting another load all over myself. Laying there for a few minutes thinking how lucky I was. After all when I left my house I thought I was only going out for a beer or two by myself.

The thing about experiences like this is I know it is going to be hard to find other guys who will do this to me again. I know it sounds so strange but it was so hot. I actually had to write this three separate sittings because I had to stop to JO since writing it got me so hot.