 It was my first weekend visiting my brother at university, the first time since he moved there to study art and design. He had told me all about the great parties. I had hoped to attend some, but also for a bit of time to myself to pick up some hot uni guys. I was off to study at university myself next year. I hadn’t come out yet to anyone at home so I figured this was a good chance to make an move away from people I knew. Up to now I’d only jerked off once with a friend.

My brother’s residence hall was a bit crazy but fun. Later in the evening we were invited to a party at a house and decided to go with a few of my brother’s friends. One from his photography class and another from the football team. His friend from class had a camera and was clicking photos all evening. “That shit is getting annoying,” my brother said. His friend didn’t care and kept snapping. I thought he was good looking so I didn’t complain. I was happy to be in his pictures.

As the night wore on we all got drunker, and my brother drifted away to try to pick up girls. I decided to see what I could pick up but wasn’t having much luck, so I headed off to the toilet to jerk off. I was so horny with all the hot guys about. I turned the wrong way at the top of the stairs though and felt my way in the dark hallway for a light, stumbling into one room where a guy and girl were fucking, and then another where a guy was getting sucked by drunk blond girl. 

There were a couple of guys hanging about and girls were popping up to see what was going on in this part of the house. Various guys and girls would hook up. With the dark hallway I guessed quickly that it was designed to be that way. I was happy to watch for a bit.

It was then that I realised that the hallway was dark enough that I may get the chance to randomly grope a drunk guy looking for a girl to fuck. I stood in the dark hall and waited. I brushed against one guy’s crotch who ignored me and stumbled past, then I got a grab of a guy’s ass but that stopped quickly when he felt back and realised I was a guy too. I laughed it off and joked I thought he was a girl and maybe got away with it.

Just after that I found myself grabbing at a new crotch. The guy was quite drunk and already pretty hard. “Yeah baby, you like that?” he whispered into my ear. I could smell the alcohol on him. I couldn’t believe my luck. I said nothing and stepped back a bit so he wouldn’t grab me and find out I was a guy too, but not too far that I couldn’t continue to feel his cock hardening in his jeans. “Mmmmm baby you make me so horny,” he slurred, and reached for my chest. I stepped back again and the guy said “Don’t be such a tease baby.” When I put my hand back to his crotch I touched flesh and I realised he’d pulled his cock out. 

“Mmmm you like that baby? Come on and taste it,” he said and put a hand on my shoulder before I could step away. He started to push down on my shoulder so I got to my knees. I was about to suck my first dick! I opened my mouth and tasted the sticky end. I heard the guy sigh and start to push it between my lips. I let him and started to suck his hard cock, wrapping my hand around it and working on it. I was loving it. The guy attached to it was too.

It was then that there was a flashing light and a bit of a commotion in the room next to us, and I could hear my brother’s friend with the camera getting pushed out. He’s going to get his ass kicked, I thought to myself, ignoring him and working on the hard cock in front of me. I heard another door open, say two more flashes and I heard him stumble down the stairs, just as the guy I was sucking grabbed my head and shot a big load of cum into my mouth. It took me by surprise but I swallowed it all of him then left quickly as he zipped up his jeans and before he could talk to me.

The party went on another few hours and I fell asleep on the sofa until my brother’s friend with the camera woke me up to go. He told me that my brother and the footballer had both gone home with girls, so we headed back alone.

When we got back, my brother’s friend plugged his camera into the computer to go through his pictures. He had some great photos from the night, and about 60 pictures in, I could see why he got kicked out of upstairs. He managed to catch a few photos of some people fucking. We laughed as he went though them but both stopped on the 73rd picture. It was one he took in the hallway, and you could clearly see it was me on my knees, sucking the cock of a drunk guy. It was then I saw that the cock I had sucked belonged to - and the load that I’d swallowed earlier - was my brother’s.