 Noah: you out this weekend gorgeous? x x x

Nile: Not this weekend no, with my girlfriend for the weekend. x

Noah: Mmm lucky girl. x x x

Nile rolled his eyes and stuffed the phone into his pocket. Noah was certainly interested in him, nothing he did put him off. He had tried not replying but then felt bad so caved in. He sighed and let himself into Jasmine's room. She was sitting on her bed with a smile and he sat next to her. 

"How are you?" He asked kissing her.

"Mmm I am good." She smiled again, but there was something not just right. He looked at her and narrowed his eyes a little. "Nile..." She began. 

"Ugh." He stood, knowing what this talk was going to be about. "You want to fuck that Richard guy don't you?"

"It's not like that..."Jasmine began. "We've just got really close and..."

"Whatever. Couldn't you have text or emailed me this so I didn't have to come all this way over? Fuckssake." Nile headed for the door.

"Nile wait...you never normally get like this." Jasmine stood too. "We just don't have that kind of relationship."

"Yeah well maybe I am sick of being treated like shit." Nile left her room and house. He got into his car and drove away angrily. He scowled to himself. It was true their relationship was pretty open. Nile had never really wanted anything serious or defined. It was nice to have someone he could be with and not have to get to know over again. When they broke up he normally would hook up with one or two girls he knew for some no strings fun. But this time he just felt crap about it. Maybe Jasmine was taking advantage of him, he had never ended their relationship. Maybe the fact they were at different schools and lived apart was also a factor.He drove into a service station so he could make a phone call to Jason. He asked him if he had any beer in, Jason guessed the reason he was coming home early and said he did, he and Nick would wait for him and console him. He got there and Casey let him in, giving him a hug.

"Ah Nile." Jason hugged him. "Seriously, forget her. Find someone else. Amy's nice."

"She is, but she's thick and I am sick of just fucking someone." Nile pushed Nick over and lay on the sofa melodramatically. 

"Maybe have a break then?" Nick suggested. "Take some time to yourself and then see where you want to go from there." 

"That is a good idea." Nile agreed. "Still feels like shit though." They chatted for a while until Nile was happy enough. Josh drove him home and he fell asleep pretty much instantly. 

--

Noah: hey gorgeous what you up2? x x x

Nile: coursework. Exciting. You? x

Noah: Not much. we're out this weekend are you and co? It'd be nice to see you. x x x

Nile: yeah not sure where i'll end up but i fancy getting hammered. x

Noah: tough week? I could relax you y'know. ;) x x x

Nile: shit week. And behave. x

Nile laughed to himself. Noah certainly was determined. It was the first time he'd chuckled all week. He was sure his friends were getting sick of his grumbling and rantings about women in general. Trevor had been very sympathetic and had mothered him for most of the week, bringing him drinks and sweets to lighten his mood. But he could hardly admit that it was the texts from someone he'd only met a couple of times were making him feel better.

--

The friends had been drinking for a while now and Nile guessed pretty soon they'd want to go to The Serpent and dance together. Nile didn't want too, he wanted to stay in the nice warm bar they were in and get happily drunk. None of his other friends were out so he either went with the flow and ended up at the gay bar or he went home where he'd just get moody and sulk. Leander looked at his phone again and they saw him sigh.

"Trouble?" Nile asked.

"Hm, no not really." Leander shrugged. "Just Trevor being a little insecure."

"About you two?" Jason looked over.

"Yeah, he just seems a bit paranoid at the moment." Leander frowned, not knowing that the previous encounter with Noah's friend had planted the seed of doubt. "I am sure he's just having a moment. He'll be okay." He smiled it went silent for a moment with the tension but no one wanted to break it. Nile decided he'd be brave enough and suggested that they move on. He reluctantly said he'd go to The Serpent if he could be left alone in a booth to drink and wallow while the other two danced. They told him that he was a killjoy and that some dancing might cheer him up. "Does Noah know you're single?" 

"No, and let's not let him know." Nile frowned. "He'll go into over drive." 

"Does he get in touch?" Jason asked as they walked out of the bar.

"He asks if we're out at the weekend, that's about it really." Nile lied, he sent him messages every day. They proceeded to the gay bar, Nile secretly hoped they'd be refused but with Jason's social standing and Leander's good looks they were almost VIPs. They got drinks then headed up to a higher tier of the club. Nile sat on one of the seats and Jason sat on the other while Leander went to mingle with some people.

"You okay?" Jason asked.

"Yeah I am. I will be when I have more drink." Nile grinned. "I shall just take some time to myself and enjoy being free and single." Jason nodded his agreement, then his brow furrowed before breaking into a smile. "What?"

"Leander's back, he looks guilty." Jason looked over at the blonde. Nile scowled as he came over.

"Noah's downstairs with his crew." Leander put a hand on Nile's shoulder. "I told him you were a little down so he's going to come up soon and cheer you up."

"Oh thanks." Nile scowled. "This is the last thing I need."

"Aaah don't fret. A little socializing will do you good. Plus someone hitting on you is bound to do the ego some good." Leander suppressed a chuckle. "Mister Biggs, shall we dance?" Jason nodded and they headed off to the dance floor leaving Nile muttering into his beer bottle. Noah left him alone for quite a long time but sure enough he soon came up the stairs. He was wearing a tight tank top that showed off his toned arms and cargo pants. He smiled at Nile who just scowled back.

"Hey don't you scowl at me." Noah sat next to him. "I brought you a beer and everything!"

"Sorry. Thanks." Nile took it. 

"Still grumpy?" Noah sat back and looked at him.

"I guess." Nile sighed. He kind of wished that he was nearer the dance floor, then the music would be loud and he wouldn't have to talk. 

"Want to talk?" Noah prodded him with a finger.

"Not really no." Nile shook his head. "I am not much fun tonight sorry."

"It's okay. I can just look at you and imagine what I am going to do when..." Noah began.

"Oh stop it!" Nile couldn't help but smile. "You are something else."

"Ah there we are, a smile!" Noah leant forward and grinned. "Girl trouble?" Nile reluctantly nodded. "She dumped you?" He nodded again. "Ah shit. Not good. Well, I am sure we can help you feel better with drink!" Nile was shocked that Noah hadn't instantly pounced on him and begun to relentlessly hit on him. Maybe he had change his mind. They chatted a bit, Noah told him about his work and his housemate. Nile felt like a little kid compared to him, still doing coursework and living with his parents but Noah didn't seem to mind this. "Are those two still not fucking?" Noah asked tipping his bottle towards Jason and Leander who were dancing. 

"No they're not. They have..." Nile started.

"Yeah yeah, boyfriends. We know. We all know. They're like the two most wanted guys here. Then you appeared and added this alternative mystery." Noah smiled. "But I told the guys to back off. You're mine. Leander pretty much did that with you, Jason and his boyfriend anyway."

"Why me?" Nile asked.

"Because he wanted to look after you I guess. You come in here being all hot and sexy and don't expect to be pounced on?" Noah raised an eyebrow. "Leander made it pretty clear that no one touches you."

"So why do you get past his barrier?" Nile smiled.

"He knows me. He knows that I am not a douche." Noah finished his drink. "Shall we get another?" Nile nodded and they went to the bar, Leander watched them with a smile as Jason moved against him. Noah and Nile stayed downstairs with some of Noah's friends. They were friendly to him, some of they ribbed him lightly about Noah's intentions but by this time Nile was rather drunk and took them with good humour. "Shall we go back and see Jason and Leander?" Noah asked, wondering if his friends were a little too much.

"Yeah can do." Nile nodded and turned to go.

"Hey you watch him." One of the men said with a smile. "He'll break you in hard." Nile looked shocked and Noah just shoved him away while giving his friend the finger. They went back upstairs to find the others still dancing away. They stood by one of the rails and watched the people dancing below. Noah scooted towards him .

"Fuck. Leander told me you'd been dumped so I said I'd leave off hitting on you but it's so hard. You really are hot you know." Noah turned to face him. "I could make you feel so good." He rubbed his arm.

"Ha ha, aww well at least you tried." Nile laughed. "You know I'm flattered and if I said I wasn't a little bit curious I'd be lying, but I'm not gay." 

"Ugh, don't get hung up on labels." Noah rolled his eyes and closed the distance between them, pressing his lips against Nile's gently. He pulled back and looked at him, gaging his reaction before kissing him again, this time opening his mouth slightly and encouraging Nile to do the same. Nile resisted at first but then kissed him back softly. Noah slid a hand onto his side and held him. He slipped his tongue in slowly at first, feeling Nile respond and pressed his against Noah's, he felt Noah moan against his mouth and stopped the kiss. "Mmm you have a piercing?" Nile nodded and stuck his tongue out for Noah to see. "That is so fucking hot."

"So you're just after my piercings huh?" Nile smiled, slightly embarrassed.

"I am after a lot more than that baby boy." Noah smirked.

"Stop calling me that!" Nile laughed and went over to Jason who was heading his way. Jason threw his arms around Nile and hugged him. "Time to get you home before you do something you regret?" Nile asked.

"I wouldn't regret it at all!" Jason slurred with a grin. Leander joined them and they said their goodbyes to Noah, he winked at Nile and then went back to his friends. 

--

Trevor and Nick were pinning costumes together in the drama hall until Leander and Nile came in. Trevor smiled widely and went to sit with him, snuggling close. Leander put his arms around him and kissed him. He knew Trevor was feeling a little uneasy at the moment, he had spells of insecurity that were normally unprovoked. Leaner wondered if Trevor could sense something, he didn't think his attraction to Jason was blatant enough to be noticed, especially not in the school situation. He was still as loving and sexually attentive to Trevor, just things had shifted in his heart. Trevor was warm next to him and seemed happy enough. Claudia and Jason walked in, holding the door open for Nathan and his crutches.Jason lay on the floor to the side of Nick and rubbed a hand through his hair. Nick smiled at him and handed him some pins. Trevor fidget about on the sofa, he was restless and his squirming was bothering Leander. 

"What's up Babe?" Leander asked then looked stunned at himself. Nile had looked over in shock too. Jason had kept his head low and was focussing on his pins, no one else noticed but his cheeks were burning red. 

"Nothing just getting comfortable." Trevor settled with his head on Leander's lap. Leander rubbed his neck with a smile and avoided Nile's glare. Nile sat on the floor with Jason and Nick and helped to pin things together.

"Who's going to sew these together?" Nile asked, giving up after he stabbed himself a third time. 

"Miss Staff said she would. She's got a sewing machine." Nick told him. 

"Are you staying with me tonight?" Jason asked sitting up and looking over at Nick who nodded his response. "Cool, we'll watch something cheesy shall we?" He pressed a kiss to his forehead.

"I think I'll go grab some food. Anyone coming?" Nile stood. Leander gently moved Trevor and followed him. They walked in a tense silence for a bit. "What the fuck are you doing calling Trevor Babe?"

"I don't know, it just slipped out I guess." Leander tied up his hair and sighed. "No one noticed."

"Jason noticed, he was almost glowing red." Nile frowned at him. Throughout their relationship Leander had always called Jason Babe. In fact he had very rarely used his real name. 

"Everyone just thought it was an affectionate term. No harm done." Leander shrugged.

"You were thinking about him though. Weren't you?" Nile asked. 

"I was." Leander said quietly. "He's all I think about at the moment. Is it obvious?" 

"To me it is blatant. I doubt the others have caught on. But I have known you a long time. What are you going to do about it?" Nile looked at him, he looked tired and unhappy. 

"I don't know. I will think of something." Leander worried at his lip but then smiled. "So did you get anywhere on Saturday? Get a little somethin' somethin' off Noah?"

"No!" Nile laughed. "Hey, thanks for telling him to ease up on me."

"Ah no worries. I am surprised that he didn't try anything at all. I did tell him he'd probably get a snog out of you if you were drunk enough." Leander chuckled to himself.

"He did kiss me yeah, but I told him I wasn't really interested." Nile shrugged awkwardly. "You shouldn't encourage people to take advantage of me when I am drunk." He grinned. 

"I bet you loved it!" Leander gave him a friendly shove.

--

Nick grumbled happily as Jason's kisses fluttered down his chest and stomach, trailing little warm spots down to his groin. A hot warm mouth soon enveloped the top of his cock, taking in it's width and taste. Jason sucked it and ran his tongue around the head softly, listening to the appreciative noises that Nick was making. Slowly he took it deeper until his nose was nestled into the curls of auburn hair. He pulled up and slid back down a few times, softly cradling Nick's balls as he sucked his dick. As he was doing this he lubed up his fingers and began to circle the entrance to Nick's body, gently sliding a finger in.

"Oh, oh Jason..." Nick rocked his hips loving the feeling of being so far down Jason's throat. Jason was busy stroking his own cock with lube, getting himself ready to enter him. He took his mouth off Nick's cock to much protest.

"Oh how you complain!" Jason teased pressing the head against his ass. "You ready for me?" Nick nodded and pushed down as Jason pushed himself into him fully, groaning at how good it felt. They began to move together, Jason littered kisses over his shoulders and neck. "Mmm you feel good. You doing okay there?"

"Yeah, yeah..." Nick stroked along Jason's chest and began to stroke his cock. "I feel so close..." Jason moaned and began to thrust faster, swatting Nick's hand away and replacing it with his own, stroking him fast. He felt Nick's body tense and looked down to see him coming onto his own chest. Jason cried out and filled him with his come, as always the lingering memory of Leander flashed behind his eyelids, it had happened with all the people he'd slept with after him, he accepted that it'd probably be there forever. He blinked it away and leant down to kiss Nick. "Mmm Jason, you're amazing."

"I know." Jason grinned and gently pulled out of him, rolling next to him and pulling him close. "You're not so bad yourself." He kissed along his neck and rubbed his chest. If he was lucky he could get him hard again soon and finish off the blow job, he'd come pretty fast that time and Jason wanted a longer session.

"Trevor's not happy you know." Nick said sadly.

"I just make you come and you're thinking of Trevor? Nice." Jason teased and stopped petting him. 

"Oh be quiet. It's just been playing on my mind." Nick picked at a fingernail. 

"What's wrong with him?" Jason asked, feeling his desire for more sex dwindling.

"Nothing really, he just thinks Leander's changed recently. He just seems a bit, I don't know how you'd say it. Not there maybe? Distant?" Nick shrugged. "I've not noticed anything so maybe he's being paranoid about it."

"Want me to talk to him?" Jason propped himself up on his hand, he did love this stunning redhead in his own way. 

"No no." Nick quickly answered. "Trev swore me to secrecy. He'll be mad if he knows. He doesn't want to scare Leander off by being too needy."

"I doubt that would scare him off." Jason told him. "I was..." Then he stopped pulling a face.

"You what?" Nick looked up at him.

"No I was just going to say something but it doesn't matter." Jason shook his head. Nick urged him on. "I don't like talking about previous relationships, especially not just after sex."

"Oh go on, it's alright." Nick grinned at him. "It really doesn't bother me."

"Well I was just going to say that I was a bit of a dickhead to him and he stayed with me, so a little bit of insecurity wont push Leander away." Jason smiled.

"Why were you a dickhead?" Nick asked with a devious smile.

"Ack, I just didn't know what I wanted. I didn't know if I was gay, didn't know if I wanted a relationship, didn't know if I was happy with just no strings sex. I was very mixed up and I flipped between wanting him and not wanting him hourly." Jason lay back down. 

"Did you figure out what you wanted?" Nick snuggled up to him.

"I got you, didn't I?" Jason said softly and happily that ended the conversation. Jason lay there with Nick nestled against his chest, his hand stroking the redhead's side slowly. So Leander was behaving differently around Trevor was he? Maybe Trevor had sensed the change in the blonde. Jason put it out of his head and cuddled up to Nick, hoping sleep would come soon.

As Jason was trying to sleep Nile was busy avoiding doing his coursework by playing video games. He was roaming around San Andreas and stealing cars.

Noah: I want 2 kiss you. x x x 

Nile grumbled to himself with a smile. He cursed himself for getting drunk and cursed Leander for spurring Noah on. He pondered over what he could reply with that would be neutral and not encourage him. 

Nile: That's nice. I am playing GTA. x

Noah: ooo i have that its good. u should come 2mine one day and play. Make a day of it. x x x

Nile: Sounds good. up to anything fun? x

Noah: not really just watchin crap with my housemate. u lot out this weekend? x x x

Nile: Not sure, Leander's boyfriend is a bit needy at the mo. Not sure if he's up for it. x

Noah: I'd be needy 2 if my bf was tryin 2 fuck another guy. x x x

Nile: He isnt. it just seems like it. x

Noah: oh well. so. can i kiss u again? ;) x x x

Nile bit his lip and thought that is was probably best to not reply. 

--

"Trev, what's up?" Leander asked pulling away from his kisses.

"Nothing, why?" Trevor smiled.

"You just don't seem to be the same happy Trevor recently." Leander stroked his face.

"I just worry that you're getting sick of me." Trevor frowned. 

"If I was getting sick of you would I be like this?" Leander took Trevor's hand and placed it on his swollen crotch.

"I guess not." Trevor grinned and began to unzip his flies slowly, leaning in to kiss his boyfriends soft lips. "I guess I just..." Leander cut him off with more kisses and pulled his shirt up and off, it made the black haired boys hair fluff up which always made Leander smile, he was just so cute. He began to kiss along his neck and collar bone, about two inches down was a love bite that Leander had put on him, he likes to leave it there as a mark of ownership, it would always make Trevor go fuzzy at just the thought of it. Leander maneuvered Trevor so he was lying on his back, he began to work off his jeans, kissing exposed skin. Trevor squirmed with pleasure as he felt Leander's breath on his balls, he licked them softly, sucking gently. He flipped Trevor onto his stomach and began to kiss down his back, kneading his buttocks with his hands, biting down his back until he got to his ass crack. He licked it gently, moving lower. Trevor tensed and rolled back onto his back quickly. "No Leander..."
