 It was a warm spring day in May and the local elections were being held, one of the people working at one of the local polling stations was Riley doing his first day of assisting the voters to complete their vote by signing them in and giving them the relevant paperwork and assisting them should they need it.

Riley was a good-looking lad, muscular build, shaved head, he had bright blue eyes and a cheeky little smile that he would use when flirting and would make people gooey, this with his charismatic charm made him a right catch.

The day started early for Riley as he had to be at work for around 6:30am so he could assist in setting up the local village hall he was assigned to for the day, ensuring that the signs were up, posters with instructions were clearly displayed, voting booths confidential so no one could see who was voting for which party.

Around 7:30am once everything was set up, Riley attended his staff briefing with another colleague and his supervisor and the doors opened for the day ahead until 10pm when they could finally close up and go home.

The day was going slow, only 70 people had come through the door by 2pm that afternoon and the sun was shining outside, so at every opportunity Riley and his colleagues would go outside and bask in the warming spring sun.

During quieter periods Riley would log into Grindr a local gay app which uses location services to find local gay guys around the area would use to have a quick hook up and maybe on the very rare occasion something more long term.

Throughout the day, Grindr would go off and Riley would get a message asking if he was interested in meeting and although he really wanted to meet someone, he could not due to the fact he was working till late and would most probably be too tired to meet after.

At around 5pm things started to pick up at work and voters were coming in thick and fast, this helped pass the time and make the day go lots quicker.

With the sun still shining and giving some heat off, it was still becoming very humid in the hall, with everyone coming in and out and bringing the warm air with them.

When It started to settle down and the rush had gone just after 7:30pm, Riley and the team would go outside and cool down now that the sun was setting and the air becoming cooler, the cool air regulating their body temps so that they wasn't over-heating.

Riley checked his phone and noticed that there was more messages on Grindr this time from someone who he had been chatting to for the past few months. This man was very attractive and very much Riley's type and they had even spoke about meeting up a few times but timing was never convenient for both parties.

He replied to his message of hello and asked him how he's evening was going to which the guy responded that he was bored and proceeded to tell Riley how his day at work had been.

They exchanged a few messages back and forth and the man suggested meeting up later that evening once Riley had finished his work, but was aware that it would be a late one due to what time he finished.

Being as cheeky as he was Riley suggested that this guy came down to the local village hall where he was working so they could say hello there and meet for a brief period while he had a break from working, explaining that his colleagues could take over and cover for him while they chatted.

The guy was keen for this as he did not live that far from where the village hall was and was excited to meet Riley in the flesh after chatting so long, it was a great opportunity and he told him that his name was Steve.

Steve proceeded to say that he was getting dressed and would then come down and would message when he was 5 minutes away so that cover could be arranged, meaning that they could actually speak without being interrupted.

Within 15 minutes, Steve arrived at the local hall and was met by a cheeky smiling Riley outside, they said hello and Steve went in to give Riley a kiss on the cheek and Riley went in to give Steve a hug, which made them both giggle as it was a bit of an awkward moment.

They stood there chatting and looking deep into each other's eyes, gentle and subtle touching of each other. Riley looking up at this tall dark haired man, with his bright eyes and his mini beard.

Steve was taller than Riley was but also quite muscular framed with a little bit of a dad bod to him also. The connection between these two was undeniable, you could see the chemistry between them and could see as clear as day how much they wanted to make out with each other but because Riley was working, he could not be too unprofessional.

Before they both knew it, Riley's break was up and both noted this when his supervisor came out for some fresh air. As Riley started to say goodbye, he's supervisor said that he could stay out longer with his friend as it was now expected to be quieter.

This made both him and Steve happy as it meant they could continue to flirt for little bit longer, Riley taking this opportunity he made a usual cheeky comment to Steve, about how he was noticing him smiling so much that he could see that he was wanting to kiss him.

Steve looked away and flushed a little crimson and just looked at Riley all coy and yet still did not deny it but after a few seconds looked at him and just replied "maybe" to which Riley responded in the same way with a smile and flushed a crimson in his cheeks.

After an hour of chatting, flirting and gentle touching of each-other they arranged to meet up again that night so that both of them could get that kiss that they were both hoping for but couldn't have in that moment.

Riley said that he would most likely go for a run later that evening to wind down from the day he had and would pass Steve's house on his route and pop by for a quick kiss and return home after that.

When the evening ended and the hall was closed, Riley went home and got changed for his run that he had planned and asked Steve for his address so that he could program it into his navigation guide.

Riley got home quicker than when he went there that morning because of how excited he was to be seeing Steve again. He left his house and messaged to say that he was on his way.

Riley started off on a good pace and was so excited to get there that he got lost and forgot to follow his navigation guide so ended up no-where near to where Steve lived.

He phoned through to Steve who was close to going to bed, told him where he was, and asked how to get to his quicker. Steve laughed and asked if he wanted him to come and get him and Riley being full of pride declined the offer and asked how best to get to him.

Steve explained that his place was a nightmare to get to, and he was more than happy to come and collect him. Knowing that he would not have long with him if he declined, Riley gave in and met Steve at a petrol station close to where he was.Once Steve arrived in his car he had the same cheeky grin on his face that he had only a few hours before. They drove back to Steve's house laughing about how funny it was that Riley had gotten lost to which Riley became flush in the cheeks again.

They arrived back at Steve's and he led the way down the garden path and into the house, stopping in the living room. Riley put down his phone and headphones that he had been running with on the side and turned around.

As he did Steve was stood there staring down at Riley, he grabbed him and pulled him in closer, pulling him back onto him so that Steve's back was against the wall and Riley in-front of him, and held him ght in his embrace.

The kiss between them was nothing like Riley had ever felt before, the electricity surging through all of his body made his whole body tingle and his cock started to throb in his shorts.

Reaching his hand up and placing it behind Steve's head caressing the back of his neck pulling him in closer, their heads moving from side to side, their eyes closed as the passion began to flow between them.

Each of them giving just a little taste of their tongue to the other massaging the others with their own. After a few minutes, they both opened their eyes and to their amazement noticed that the other was looking back at them.

Steve reached down pulling out his throbbing boner from his ¾ length shorts and forced Riley's head down so that he was on his knees and so that his mouth was level with his cock, Steve then proceed to grab the back of Riley's head and began to thrust his throbbing manhood deep into Riley's Mouth.

Riley was not going to say no at this exciting opportunity and began to take Steve deep into his mouth, his mouth began to produce so much saliva from being so excited and as he swallowed tasting, the sweet pre cum that Steve's cock was producing.

Riley continued to suck on Steve's thick man meat while Steve threw his head back and began to let out gentle groans of please. After nearly gagging several times on his penis Riley looked up to catch Steve's eyes but he was too busy with his head back against the wall, letting out deeper groans.

Riley pulled back and got back up to standing level catching Steve's eyes as he rose up, his own man meat now throbbing just as much as Steve's. Steve got down on his knee's sliding his back down the wall pulling out Riley's meat as he went and began to take his meat deep into the back of his throat.

Groans of ecstasy were soon leaving Riley's mouth, the same as they were just leaving Steve's moments before and he soon had his head thrown back forcing as much of his cock down Steve's throat as he could.

Steve licked up all the pre-cum that Riley was offering and stood up, towering over him again looking down deep into his eyes, grabbing him at the back of his neck and began to kiss him again making him taste his own pre-cum.

Steve took Riley by the hand and began to lead him upstairs to the bedroom, sat Riley on the edge of the bed and continued to kiss him, towering over him; Steve's hands placed either side of Riley's face.

Riley slid back onto the bed, up towards the headboard and placed his head upon the pillow as Steve slowly crawled up the front of him until they were face to face. Steve's body pressed up against Riley his hands either side of his body.

Steve kisses Riley along his neck making the hairs on his arms standing on end as his body began to tingle the feel of Steve's beard brushing up against Riley's Chin as he moves across his mouth, their lips gently pressing each-others as they pass and Steve moves to the other side and kisses along his neck again.

Steve began to remove Riley's T-shirt exposing his hairy chest and tiny nipples which were rock hard from being so stimulated, Riley's back began to arch as Steve began to kiss down across Riley's chest and licking around his nipples taking each one in turn in his mouth sucking on the tip teasing it, then gently taking it between his teeth nibbling ever so gently.

Riley sat up and began to remove Steve's top and before it could even be removed was kissing him along he's hairy chest teasing his nipples the way that he teased Riley's. Riley moved back up to Steve's mouth and began to kiss more running his fingers through Steve's beard, reaching around to the back of his head pulling him in closer so there lips were tightly pressed together.

Steve undid his ¾ shorts buttons and began to slide them off whist still lip locked and Riley began to take off his shorts at the same time so they were both in just their underwear, Riley in his tight black Andrew Christian boxers and Steve in his tight bright Next branded boxers.

Both of them bulging, their throbbing erections poking through the material, their boners pressing against each-others bodies, as they continued to feel and explore each-others bodies.

Riley began to gently scratch down Steve's back while they continued to massage each-others tongues with their own, Steve began to gently thrust his hips against Riley's in effect dry humping with him, making him feel him pressing into him making Riley let out more gently moans and groans.

Steve reached over onto the bedside cabinet and grabbed a bottle and unscrewed the cap off, instantly recognising the smell, Riley knew that Steve had reached for some poppers and watched as Steve took a sniff deep into each nostril.

He offered them to Riley who took them from him and took a deep inhale into each nostril.

Both of them instantly felt the effects hit them, their hearts beating faster, their faces becoming flush, their bodies reacting to every little sensitive touch. This made the experience much more intense for them both.

Pre-cum began to soak through each person's boxers, making it more sticky.

Steve quickly and forcefully removed Riley's underwear and threw them to the side, then removed his own just as quickly and threw them alongside Riley's.

Steve began to work down Riley's body again covering more surface area, working his mouth down to Riley's leaking man meat, taking it all deep into the back of his throat again, deep throating like Riley had never experienced before.

Steve then kissed all in-between Riley's groin working his way slowly down to his balls, taking them into his mouth and sucking on them one at a time. Riley's back began to arch again, chills working its ways up and down his spine and going down into his arms, down past his elbows and into his fingertips. From his groin down into his buttocks, down past his knees and into the tips of his toes, making them curl.

Riley lifted his legs up and spread them so that Steve could get better access to them, this in turn also exposing his hole to him. Steve's tongue working its way down his perineum his tongue meeting Riley's sweet tight hole.

Steve worked his tongue around the outside teasing every inch of it before slowly inserting his tongue deep inside. His tongue reaching depths unlike anything has been for a long time. Steve spread Riley's cheeks apart so he could get in as deep as he could go.

Groans were coming hard and fast from Riley now, it was the sound of someone really groaning in ecstasy and having a great time.

Once Riley's hole was wet, Steve began to slowly insert one of his fingers into him, working his way towards his prostate applying the right amount of pressure, milking his sweet spot.

Riley was getting so turned on that he started begging for Steve to fuck him, but Steve ignored this and continued to use he's fingers getting faster and faster, the pressure building deep inside him.

Riley continued to beg Steve to fill him, wishing for his man meat to be deep inside his hole.

Steve spread Riley's legs, pushed his legs back towards his head, pressed the tip of his penis to Riley's hole soaking it with his oozing pre-cum lubricating it ready for him to fill his hole and once it was completely sticky, slowly began to fill him with his full length.

Starting gently at first so that Riley could adjust to this thick cock entering his tight hole, then once he was fully in began to thrust as deep as he can go. Riley's breathing became rapid, his hole on fire from being stretched so much.

It was a pleasuring pain, which soon passed and turned to pure pleasure the deeper he got hand fast Steve's hips got, Riley reached round and grabbed onto Steve's hips pulling him deeper into him. Riley's eyes began to open and roll into the back of his head, occasionally going crossed eyed.

Riley pushed out Steve's cock, lent up, kissed him and turned over onto his front, arching his, back so that his hole was exposed. His legs spread giving Steve access to insert his even more throbbing meat again.

Again Steve slowly inserted his penis into Riley's wet hole, this time with less force as he had previously loosened it up. Sounds of pleasure now coming from both Steve and Riley's mouth as he entered.

Steve was soon back to picking up the rhythm again and Riley met his speed by pressing his hole as deep as it would go, ensuring that all of Steve's length was inside of him. Groans getting increasingly louder again.

Steve covered Riley's mouth muffling the sound of his groans, whispering in his ear to be quieter but Riley found this too hard but soon did as he was told.

Steve started pushing deeper and deeper into Riley, Riley pushing back onto Steve harder, both men now becoming sweaty. Steve began to kiss the back of Riley's neck making his hole tighten around Steve's cock.

Riley knew that Steve was getting even closer to peaking and turned to the side and began to kiss Steve keeping them both quieter.

Steve's breathing became more and more rapid, Riley lifted himself up further and began to stroke himself tugging on his throbbing boner, again making his hole even tighter around Steve.

With one last deep thrust and one long last moan and groan Steve began to deposit his load into Riley's bare, raw hole, spurting load after load into him; Riley continued to stroke himself as Steve shot deep inside.

Shortly after his load was deposited, Riley was close to peaking himself. While he still had him inside of him Riley began to pull harder, bringing him closer and closer to peaking, until finally he shot his load covering a big patch of the bed in his hot sticky liquid.

Once they both released their loads they lay there next to each other, sweating, both panting hard. Riley placed his hand onto Steve's chest and began to play with his chest hair.

Once they cooled down and began to get their breathing back to normal Riley got dressed, left Steve in bed and continued on his way on his run, Steve's hot liquid still inside of him where it remained for the remainder of his run until he got home and until the next morning.