 It had started raining early in the day and didn't show any signs of slowing down or stopping. Kayden was more disappointed than Ryan because he was really looking forward to spending the day at the beach, maybe even take the paddle boat out for an hour or two. Unfortunately that didn't look like it was going to happen. Ryan didn't care either way. He wasn't that overly fond of the beach, or nature, or even leaving their apartment. He'd much rather spend the day in front of the TV watching a good movie or sleeping. 

Erik Hadn't expected his two roommates' home for hours. He knew how long Kayden had been planning this trip. He'd waited months just to get the weekend off of work and he'd nagged Ryan for weeks to go with him. The night before they left, Kayden was eagerly packing his bags and talking, endlessly, about how much fun they were going to have. Ryan had rolled his eyes as he threw a few things into an old beat up suit case. 

"Explain to me again why I have to be dragged along on your vacation?" He grumbled. 

"Because I don't want to go alone and plus you need to take a few days to relax some." Kayden smiled at him and winked. "Maybe you'll even meet someone. There will be plenty of singles there; I think the hotel is even having a singles dinner."

"Not interested." Ryan snapped. "The last thing I need is to get involved with someone."

"Fine." Kayden sighed, "Then just get laid and spare the rest of us your melodrama." 

Ryan couldn't help but smirk as he drove back to the apartment. Kayden was seated beside him, arms crossed, glaring angrily out the window at the rain as it fell in heavy drops, beating against the glass. The sky had grown darker, the wind was picking up, and Ryan was having a hard time seeing the road. He drove extra slow just to keep from going off the black top into the woods on either side of the car. 

"Oh stop being such a downer." Ryan told his friend. "You still have the entire weekend off work; you can find something else fun to do."

"I don't see why we couldn't have stayed. The rain would have let up eventually." 

"The forecast said we're in for a major storm. It's not going to let up anytime soon and it would be a waste of money to sit in a hotel room for three days with nothing to do."

"So we can sit at home for three days with nothing to do then."

Ryan grinned, "At least it's free."

Erik was in the living room lying on the couch. He had just stuck in a DVD and was ready to press play on the remote. He stretched out and made himself comfortable. He'd been waiting for a while to watch this film. It wasn't easy getting time alone when you had two other roommates and unfortunately the DVD player in his room had been broken for close to a year. Normally he would never do this in the living room but since he was alone he didn't care. 

The movie came on and the first scene was of two men sitting at a table drinking coffee, their wives told them they were going shopping together, kissed the men good-bye, and then left the room. The men immediately began to kiss and then undress. Erik was already starting to get turned on by the film. He unzipped his jeans and slipped his hand down his pants, stroking himself as the men on the television set had begun stroking each other. The cuter of the two men got down on his knees and took the other into his mouth. He began sucking him, slowly at first then faster and more vigorously. Erik moaned loudly as he started pumping his cock in his hand. The release was going to feel amazing. He'd jerked off plenty of times while living there but he was always careful not to make too much noise. It was different now though, he was home alone, and he could masturbate without restraint. 

Erik was so into what he was doing to himself that he never heard the front door open. He was jerking himself off furiously, his rock hard cock quivering in his hand, begging to cum and he was close. Any minute now he would feel the warm, wet, juices of his own orgasm ooze over his fingers and down his hand. 

Kayden walked into the room and stopped suddenly nearly causing Ryan to run into him. "What the hell." Ryan snarled, "Watch where you're going!"

"I...ummm...maybe we should leave." Kayden whispered. 

"What, why?' Kayden didn't need to answer that question though. As soon as Ryan looked up he saw what had stopped Kayden in his tracks. He suddenly burst out in a round of loud, deep bellied, laughter. 

Erick shot up straight on the couch, his cock still in his hand. He turned around and saw his two roommates standing inches from the door. Kayden looked away, blushing, but Ryan was in hysterics. 

Erick quickly shut the movie off and adjusted himself back into his pants. "What the hell are you two doing back here?" He was angry but also embarrassed. He didn't know which was worse, being caught in the act, or having Ryan stand there laughing about it as though it were all some big dumb joke. 

"We got rained out." Ryan said as he flung his bag on the floor. 

"You could have called!" Erik sneered. 

"Well we didn't expect you to be jerking off on the couch to porn. You have a bedroom for that."

"Kind of hard to do without a DVD player." Erik narrowed his eyes. "So just because your weekend is ruined you thought you'd come back early and ruin mine then?"

"Cool your jets man." Ryan glared at him. "We live here too you know."

"Besides..." Kayden finally joined in the conversation after having gotten over the initial shock of seeing his roommate and best friend jerking off on the living room couch, "There was nothing to do there. We would have been stuck in the hotel room the entire time watching it pour outside."

"Separate hotel rooms?" Erik asked.

"No." Kayden answered. "We were sharing a room."

"I'm disappointed in the two of you." Erick suddenly laughed out. "I could think of a few things the two of you could have been doing in the hotel room to pass the time."

Ryan raised an eyebrow. "Yeah well, sex isn't as enjoyable when you have to pay so much for the damn room."

Erik snickered. "Hell, I'd pay for the room just to watch the two of you get it on."

"Really?" Kayden asked. "Why would you pay to watch us have sex?"

"Oh come on." Erik said. "That would be like a dream come true, better than any stupid porn, and live too. Hell yes I would pay to see that."

"How much?" Ryan asked.

Erik blinked. "Huh?"

"How much would you pay to watch us?"

"Uh...I dunno..." Erik scratched his head and thought about it. "Twenty bucks maybe."

"Twenty bucks!" Ryan laughed. "That wouldn't buy a pizza! You just said you would pay for a hotel room to watch us fuck. Well we don't need the room so how much would you pay each of us to let you watch?"

"You're not serious are you?" Erik looked from Ryan to Kayden, searching their faces for any sigh that they were joking. 

Ryan looked at Kayden. "What do you think, fifty for each of us."

Kayden shrugged. "Sounds fair to me. He's just watching right?"

"Oh yeah." Ryan said quickly, "Just watching. I won't let him cop a feel." He winked at Kayden and Kayden stifled a laugh. 

"You're both fucking with me, right?" Erik asked. 

Kayden looked at Ryan and then shook his head. "I'm not. Are you Ryan?"

"Nope." Ryan said flatly. 

"Okay, Okay, wait a second. Let me get this straight you two..."

Ryan rolled his eyes. "Look Erik, the offer is on the table right now, but it won't be for long; a hundred bucks; fifty for me and Fifty for Kayden. You pay us and I'll fuck him and let you watch. It's plain and simple, but the clock is ticking so make up your mind."

"Umm...Give me like thirty minutes." Erik said quickly. "I don't keep that much cash in the house. I'll run to the bank and get the money." 

"Hurry." Ryan told him. "I'm not in the mood to wait too long. We may start without you."

Erik nodded then grabbed his keys and headed out the door. 

Kayden took a quick shower. He washed himself all over then stood under the shower and let the hot water run down his back. It felt so good, so relaxing, and plus he wanted to smell good. 

"Can I wash your back?" Ryan pulled the curtain back and stood there watching Kayden intently. Ryan was already naked. Kayden could tell by looking at him that he was getting excited. 

"Sure." Kayden told him. "That would be nice."

Ryan stepped into the shower and closed the curtain behind him. 

"Is this a prequel to the show?" Kayden laughed. 

"We'll save the good stuff for the bedroom." Ryan smiled as he poured body wash into the rag and begin to wash Kayden's back. 

He washed the back of his neck, then over his shoulders before finally working his way down. Kayden lifted his long dark hair and cocked his head to the side. 'God he is so beautiful.' Ryan thought. He watched the water drip down Kayden's already wet body. His skin was glistening with the moisture. The thought of what was to come made Ryan that much harder. Ryan let his hand fall to the soft flesh of Kayden's round, firm ass. He squeezed gently and Kayden shivered some. Ryan squeezed again and then gave Kayden a sharp slap. "Ohhh." Kayden moaned. Ryan slipped his hand around Kayden's throat and pulled him hard against him. "Do you like that?" He whispered. 

"Yeah I do." Kayden told him. 

Ryan smiled then slapped his ass again. He pressed his hardened cock against Kayden's ass then wrapped his arm around his waist, stroking his stomach with his free hand, trailing his fingers along the small track of hair that lead from his navel to his crotch. 

"Ummm." Kayden closed his eyes and learned his head back. "That feels so good." He said softly. 

"I'm going to make you feel good in a few minutes." Ryan whispered into his ear. 

Kayden grinned, "I can barely wait." Kayden's cock was so hard and aching for Ryan's touch. He slipped his own hand down between his legs but Ryan slapped it away. "My job..." He told him. "But you have to wait. I want you to beg me for it." 

"Please.' Kayden cooed, "Please I want it."

"Not yet." Ryan smiled as Kayden squirmed against him. "We still have a show to put on you know."

"Is Erik back yet?" Kayden asked, anxiously. "I don't think I can wait much longer. I want you so bad right now."

"I'll go check." Ryan gave Kayden's ass one finally slap then stepped out of the shower. 

Erik was standing in the living room when Ryan walked out, still completely nude and wet from the shower. Erik looked at him and nearly dropped the hundred dollar bill that he was holding. Ryan grinned slightly when he saw the look on Erik's face. "See something you like?" He teased. 

Erik turned red and he looked down at his shoes. "I...I have the money." He stammered. 

Ryan took a few steps towards the other man. "Not getting shy on me now are you?"

Erik shook his head. "No, it's just, well-you look really hot right now. I seriously want to fuck you myself."

Ryan walked over and gently took the money from Erik's hand. "But that's not what we agreed on." He told him. 

"I know." Erik shuffled around nervously. "Maybe later on, I mean, if you want..."

"Let's just concentrate on what's happening now." Ryan turned and headed for the bedroom. "Come on." He told Erik. "Kayden's almost ready."

Ryan sat on the edge of the bed and Erik sat in the chair across from him. He had a good view of the bed, and of Ryan. No matter what position Ryan and Kayden ended up in, Erik realized, he would have a perfect view of them. 

Kayden came into the room a few minutes later. He was still wet but had a brown towel wrapped around his body up to his chest the way a woman would. He crawled onto the bed and sat near the head of it with his legs bent underneath him. He held onto the towel tightly and kept his head down as though he were embarrassed. Erik wondered if maybe Kayden was having second thoughts about the whole thing but then Kayden looked up at Ryan finally and smiled at him seductively. 

Ryan moved closer to Kayden and brushed a strand of hair from his face. "You have a beautiful face." Ryan said to him. "Don't cover it up so much."

Kayden bit his bottom lip, blushing a bit. "Do you want me?" Kayden asked softly. 

"You know I do." Ryan answered. 

"Good." He moved closer to Ryan, whispering something in his ear. Ryan nodded it in response to him. "It's in my wallet. You'll get your share later."

"Awesome." Kayden grinned. "Then it's show time I guess."

"Ummhmm." Ryan put his hands under Kayden's knees and drew him forward; he laid him down against the mattress then pushed the towel up past his knees spreading his legs apart as he did. Ryan positioned himself between Kayden's legs and lowered himself down on top of him, his bare chest pressing against the towel that was still wrapped around him. Ryan pressed his lips against Kayden's and kissed him passionately on the mouth. Kayden put his arms around Ryan and pulled the other man against him. Erik was watching them intently, growing more and more aroused with every second. 

Kayden lifted his leg so that his foot rested against Ryan's ass. Ryan slid his hand along Kayden's thigh, pushing the towel up even further. His hand rested on Kayden's ass and he stroked it slowly before giving it a gentle squeeze. 

"You like that thing don't you?" Kayden mused.

"Oh yeah." Ryan kissed him again. "I can't wait to stick my cock in it."

"Ummm...me either. I want to feel you deep inside me."

"Oh you will baby, trust me on that. I'm going to fuck you harder than you've ever been fucked before."

"You're getting me so hard Ryan." Kayden shifted on the bed beneath him. "It's been so long since I've had a proper fucking."

"Well you're getting one tonight babe." Ryan moved his hand around to Kayden's hip. He let his fingers dance across Kayden's naked flesh. Slowly he worked his way round to the front, pushing the towel open and exposing Kayden's erection. He leaned down and kissed him again while he took Kayden's shaft in his hand and began stroking him. Kayden moaned and lifted his hips off the bed some. "Easy boy, we're not quite there yet." Ryan kissed him harder, shoving his tongue into Kayden's mouth and Kayden opened to his kiss. He stroked him harder and faster now, working his cock hard. Kayden squirmed and took in a deep breath then bit his bottom lip. 

"Yeah, you like that don't you?" Ryan teased. Kayden jerked his hips telling Ryan just how much he did like it. 

Ryan pushed the towel open the rest of the way. Kayden's nipples were rock hard and his chest was heaving with short, quick, erotic breaths. Ryan leaned down and licked his nipples then sucked at them hard. Kayden pressed his lips together and closed his eyes tightly. He whimpered as Ryan worked his cock. "Not yet." Ryan demanded. "I want to taste you first." 

He slid his hands under Kayden's ass and lifted him up closer as he slid down and pressed his face between Kayden's legs. Ryan put his hand around Kayden's cock, jerking it violently before taking the length of it in. He tasted salty in his mouth as the first drops of pre-cum escaped his cock. Kayden arched his back, pushing himself deeper into Ryan's mouth. Ryan sucked Kayden's dick hungrily. He began massaging his balls as he slid his lips up and down Kayden's meat. Kayden wasn't a big guy. He wasn't overly muscular and was more slender than Ryan actually liked but he had a beautiful cock. Ryan silently wondered why he hadn't done this sooner. He was sure that if he'd made a move Kayden would have responded eagerly. He'd seen the way he'd been looking at him recently, like a hungry predator looking for its next meal. He had to admit to himself, it was pretty sexy the way Kayden looked at him, and flattering too. Until now, he'd never realized just how sexy Kayden actually was. 

Erik had slumped down in the arm chair he was seated in. Watching his two roommates was really getting him excited. He slid his hand down the front of his own pants and started rubbing his hardening cock through his jeans. He loved watching these two. Sex was great but there was something really arousing about watching another couple. He liked the way they moved together, the way Ryan's hands explored Kayden's body. Kayden was cute but he really wasn't Erik's type. Ryan on the other hand was a God among men. He was the bigger of the two, taller, and more muscular. He had a shock of blond hair, cut short in the back, but a little longer in front so that it just barely covered his ears. Kayden's hair was dark brown, almost black, and past his shoulders. Erik didn't really care for guys with long hair though he did imagine what it would be like to bend Kayden over the bed and plow his ass while pulling on that hair. 

The more he watched, the more these types of thoughts popped into his head and he suddenly found himself wishing that their agreement had gone beyond just watching, he suddenly wanted to join in, and more importantly, he wanted to shove his cock deep inside Kayden's sweet little ass. 

Ryan sat up on his knees and picked Kayden up off the bed effortlessly, moving him around as though he were a child. He tossed the towel onto the floor, and then laid down on his back, situating Kayden on top of him. He moved Kayden around so that Kayden's face was in Ryan's crotch. Ryan once again took Kayden's cock in his hand and began stroking the tip of it with his thumb before moving his fingers along the length. He pulled Kayden's hips down closer to his mouth and took him in again, sucking hard as he had done earlier only this time he inserted a finger into Kayden's ass and began moving it in and out of his hole as he sucked him. 

Kayden gasped as Ryan put a finger in him. His entire body shuttered with pleasure. He began to jerk Ryan off, sliding his hand up and down Ryan's huge cock. Ryan moaned as he sucked Kayden and Kayden began stroking him faster. 

"Suck." Ryan demanded suddenly. "Suck it hard and good baby." 

Kayden obediently put his mouth on Ryan's cock and began to suck him. He wrapped his lips around the head then teased him with his tongue, moving it around the tip of Ryan's dick before licking up and down the shaft. 

"Oh God yes!" Ryan moaned. "God baby, you are so good at sucking cock." 

"Ummm..." Kayden moaned, "So are you." Ryan sucking his dick felt so good that Kayden nearly forgot about Erik watching them. His attention was on Ryan, and on pleasing him as much as he was pleasing Kayden. Each stroke of his hand or lick of his tongue sent rivets of shivers through Kayden's body. He reciprocated by taking the full length of Ryan into his mouth and sucking him hard. Ryan was so huge that it was no easy task but Kayden liked the challenge. He'd never had a cock this huge before but he did his best and gave Ryan a good tongue bathing while gently massaging his balls. Ryan's cock was swelling even bigger with each stroke and Kayden could tell by his moans that he was enjoying every minute of it. 

Kayden closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he plunged Ryan's massive boner into his mouth again; his own cock was trembling with unreleased pleasure. His knees felt weak and his balls ached so badly. He whimpered as Ryan continued to tease him with his tongue. Ryan shoved another finger into Kayden, stretching him out more; two fingers now working his hole, moving in and out with short but violent little thrusts. Kayden was close to tears as his entire body began to shake. 

Hi cock jerked violently, pulsating in Ryan's grasp. Kayden gasped as his entire body was suddenly rocked with the intense exhilaration of his climax. 

Ryan gripped his cock even tighter and sucked hard as Kayden let loose. Ryan drank him in greedily, licking every drop of cum that Kayden spilled. Kayden cried out with great relief at finally being allowed to come. Ryan rubbed Kayden's ass gently as he sucked up the last of his juices. He pulled Kayden closer to him and began licking his hole, still stroking his ass and moving his fingers in and out. Kayden moaned, his body breaking out into an array of quivering and shaking as he strained to remain propped up on his arms. Ryan licked him some more, spreading his ass apart with his fingers before assaulting Kayden's hole with his tongue. When Ryan felt that Kayden had had enough, he pushed him off and back onto the bed. 
