 I'd found the park on a gay web-site that rated cruise site and gave tips about the best time to go and what to look out for. So I can't say that I was completely innocent about what went on there. The Wagner Park had been there for years. I'd even played junior league games on the baseball fields and had never once imagined what went on here in the woods across the big parking lot. Actually back then I was so naïve that I didn't even know that things like that even went on. Other than curiosity I'm still not sure what prompted me to split off from my buddies at lunch and ride my bike there. 

The park was near enough to the high school that on my ten speed I made there in less than twenty minutes. I was surprised at how many guys were hanging out in that section of the park at that time of the day. There were guys hanging around there of every shape size and description...from a big flannel shirt wearing red neck walking his dog to a salesman type in a white shirt and tie enjoying his brown bag lunch out in the fresh air away from his job. 

I got a lot of interesting looks and even though I look a couple of years older than my eighteen years in broad day light I still looked young enough for them to be cautious.

I rode my bike over the foot bridge and around the walking trail, scooping out several likely places to step off the trail into the bushes and have a little privacy. I saw a couple of guys walking together but noting out of the way.

I got back to school late and missed my next class. Thankfully it was study hall so I didn't miss anything. Mrs. Gibson never took roll so I was never even missed.

Thanks to a good head light on my bike I came back that night around ten, hid my bike in the bushes and sat down on a bench near the turnaround in the corner of the parking lot. I didn't sit there long before someone else showed up. A big red headed guy.

I didn't know the ropes yet so I didn't recognize his signal that he was interested so I didn't follow him across the foot bridge into the dark. When I didn't respond he stopped on the foot bridge and looked back my way. 

When he made eye contact, he headed on up the footpath. 

He walked a few feet and again stopped, looked back and made eye contact. 

Finally getting the hint, I nervously got up and slowly followed him. Once he was sure I was following he walked on, pausing occasionally so I could catch up with him.

When I did catch up with him he'd stepped off the trail into the bushes and was taking a piss. Without a word I sunk to my knees beside him and stared with awe at the first adult cock that I'd ever seen.

When he finished pissing he turned slightly putting his cock mere inches from my face. It was so near that I could see the moonlight glistening off little beads of piss that linger in his pee-slit waiting for him to shake it. Mesmerized, I reached out and touched it. 

I'm not sure what I expected but it felt warm. And both soft and hard. Like a piece of flesh covered steel. I could the feel the power, a power I would find grew even greater as his cock got harder. As I knelt there trance like with his flaccid cock held between my thumb and forefinger, he put his hand on the back of my head and pulled me forward. As the head neared my lips my mouth of its own volition opened and he slipped the head of his cock into my mouth. He still hadn't shaken it so it tasted a little pissy. I needn't have worried though. After he moved it around in my mouth a little the pissy taste was washed away to be replaced with a salty male taste...not unpleasant but different.

I could feel his cock hardening and growing in my mouth. This being my first time and me not really knowing what to do, I started swirling my tongue around the head. Beginner or not, five minutes into sucking his dick the red head started laughing. Kind of like a small giggle followed by some all-out laughter. I smile and asked, "What's so funny?"

He said, "You give some damn good head. Nobody's ever sucked my dick like that before." 

My confidence bolstered by his compliment I say, "Well it's about to get even better." Then while stroking his dick with my left hand, I pulled his pants down lower and took his nut sack into my mouth. His demeanour changed from funny to surprise to pleasure. While his balls were in my mouth he just closed his eyes, leaned his head back and enjoyed the oral attention. 

Pushing forward, I took him as deep as I could down my throat. He moaned, "Uugggghhhhhhh," and put both his hands on my head. 

"That feels good," he groaned. "Keep sucking." 

Then he started pushing my head up and down, moving my mouth on his shaft as if giving me permission to make him cum.

"Oh fuck. Oh fuccccck. Oh man you're gonna make me cum. Oh god, don't stop now...don't stop...oh fucking yeah." 

He was just going on and on while I tighten my lips around his sensitive cockhead. His legs were shaking now too. I push his cock in as far as I could into my mouth and down my throat. When I massaged the underside with my supple tongue his balls pull up really tight.

"Ohhhhhh fuccccck...here it is...I'm cummmmming...oh god, I'm cummmmming...please swallow it. Oh shit..." then like a machine gun, his load spewed across my tongue, hit the back of my throat and oozed on down my throat into my belly. I looked up and his mouth was working like a fish out of water. He was unable to breathe. His eyes were kinda rolled back in his head as I continue to slowly bob up and down trying to swallow what he was feeding me.

Soon the pulsing stopped and I pull off. As his arms hang limply at his side, I licked his nut sack and dick clean. When he opened his eyes and smiled at me I asked, "Did I do good?" 

He nodded and zipped up his pants. Before he could walk away I gave him my phone number and told him that I'd be more than happy to blow him again. "When you call ask for Charles," I said.

He said, "Thanks, we'll see," and then leaving me there still on my knees, walked away.

As I rode my bike home I wondered what my friends would think about what I'd just done. Chuckling to myself, I thought that if James knew, he'd probably want me to suck his cock too. But I don't guess it really mattered what they though. All that really mattered was what I thought about it. Licking my lips I taste the salty taste of his cum and thought that it had been fun and I planned to do it again soon...real soon.

As I peddled on through the night towards home I found myself wondering if James really would let me suck his cock. 

Starting that afternoon at school I started working on James. He was such a horn dog getting him to talk about sex was no problem. As often as not, he'd be the one to bring up the subject. Getting to admit, even when we were alone, that he'd never had one was the hard part. Once he admitted it, it was easy to whet his curiosity about what it would feel like to have someone else hand on his cock stroking it. 

At the movies Saturday afternoon, as was the custom we sat in the back left corner in the darkest part of the theater. The lights were out and it was 5 minutes into the feature when also was the custom, James laid his trench coat across his lap so no one could see him Jacking off. I don't think I'd ever been to a movie with him where James didn't jack off. It was a running joke among our gang.

He always did it slow so it would last through most of the movie.

I gave him a few minutes to get started and then I slid my hand under his coat and put my hand over his. As our two hands moved slowly up and down his shaft he turned his head and kinda looked at me funny. Then turning back towards the screen, he slipped his hand out of the way. My hand now the only one on his cock I continued to slowly stroke it. After about 10 minutes of slow stroking he slip his hand back under the coat. Wrapping his hand around mine, he started moving our hands faster. Sure I'd gotten the idea, he removed his hand.

Tightening my fingers I started moving my hand faster. Soon I was moving it so fast I was bouncing his trench coat. 

It wasn't long until he gasp and threw his head back. As cum exploded out of his cock I thought he was going to sing out in pleasure. It was a visible but he contained himself. As I wiped the cum off on his underwear I thought if getting jacked off excites him that much, how's he going to react when I suck him off. 

Over the next week or so we managed to be alone long enough for me to jack him off. The horn dog was really getting into this being jacked off thing.

Friday night he had his mom's car so he invited me to the drive in. the Downs drive --In was typical for the times. Playground equipment near the screen to entertain the kids while waiting for the movie. In the center of the parking area was the projection booth, concession area and restrooms all in one low white building. 

We park in the very back row to the right in what would be the darkest area. Because most people parking back there were couples on a date it was an unwritten rule that no one park near each other. This gave the couple privacy to make out. And in our case privacy so I could jack James off. 

Everyone parked and immediately ran to use the bathroom and load up on candy and cokes before the movie started. I was smart. They always showed previews and ads at first because they started before it was completely dark. As soon as the previews came on James and I strolled to the restroom and the concession area. Everyone else was back in their car so there was no line in ether place.

James worn a t-shirt and blue gym shorts with a white Gopher, the school mascot on the left thigh. As we trudged back to the car, each carrying one of those cardboard trays loaded down with cokes, popcorn, hotdogs and candy I could tell by the bulge in the front of his shorts what James had in mind. 

As soon as we were in the car with our containers of junk food stashed safely on the dashboard, James demonstrated why he'd worn gym shorts. In seconds he had them off and was sitting kinda of sideways with his legs spread so I'd have complete access to his dick.

Tonight James was in for a surprise. He looked at me funny when I got on my knees on the seat facing him, then lowered my head toward his lap. There was an audible gasp as I took him in my mouth instead of my hand. At first he was tense. But as I clamped my lips around his hard shaft he soon relaxed. With a sigh he leaned his head back on the seat and relaxed.

Being a short fused 18 year old he was soon breathing heavy. When I sensed he was getting close, and not wanting things to end that quick, I back off and took a sip of my coke. When I was sure he'd calmed down a little my face was back in his lap. James's hand was on the back of my head and he was grunting, "Ugh, ugh, ugh," as I worked his cock. In a few minutes when I sensed him get close again, I pulled off again. This time he moaned, "What the fuck?" But I pulled off anyway. The third time I pulled off he was even more upset.

This time when I took him back in my mouth he grabbed the sides of my head to make sure I didn't pull off again. 

Tightening my lips, I used my tongue to tease as I bobbed my mouth up and down. The swollen head was soon bumping the back of my throat and James was bouncing his naked but off the seat, meeting my thrusts.

When the time came James was stiff as a board and gripped my head so hard I thought he was gone to break my neck. He exploded with a scream that I know they heard in the other cars. When he finished gushing, he collapsed against the back of the seat all but unconscious.

Even when he could finally breathe, James didn't say anything for a long time. When he did finally speak, he said, "Damn...that was fucking amazing."

Then he silently put his shorts back on and we ate our junk food while we finished watching the movie. Tonight was a John Wayne western double feature.

Still not having said a word, at intermission we went to the restroom and loaded up on junk food again.

When the movie started he looked at me and meekly asked, "Will you do that again?"

When I said yes his shorts flew down and off so fast that I wasn't sure he'd even been wearing them.

This time he knew more about what to expect so he was a little more participative and if possible enjoyed himself more.

James fell in love with my mouth. Friday nights was still our regular drive-in night, but a couple of times a week he'd borrow his mom's and take me parking at a secluded spot at the lake. But instead of necking I sucked his cock. We almost got caught by the cops at the lake. After that instead of the lake on Tuesday night we went to dollar night at the drive-in. it was a dollar a car load. 

Occasionally one of our friends would invite themselves along to the movies. When they did James would have to wait until we drop them off to get his blowjob. 

I couldn't believe how much cock I was getting. When I wasn't sucking James's cock I was at Wagner Park sucking off strangers. Well, not always strangers. A couple of times it was people I knew. But in all the cases we both acted like we didn't recognize the other one.

It didn't take me long to figure out that Sunday evening as a good time to be in the park. I'd been several times and now knew the ropes better and had more confidence. Again I was sitting on the bench on the turnaround. From there I had an unobstructed view of the park entrance. I could see any arriving police in amply time to hop on my bike and exit the park via the wood without ever being seen. I fortunately never had to execute this plan but it was nice to know I was prepared.

A white Chevy El Camino pick-up pulled into the turnaround and stopped at the curb near me. I got up and moved near the pickup giving him the opportunity to make contact. When he didn't take the opportunity I paused by the open driver's window and said, "Lovely night we're having isn't it." I got some kind of unintelligible comment back. Leaning down I saw the driver was mid-20s and alone. Leaning down to the window I asked, "Do you like to play?"

When he looked at me like I was crazy, I bluntly asked him, "Do you want your dick sucked?"

For a minute he was stunned. Then he said, "Yes."

I went around and got in on the passenger's side. He was short so he had to scoot the seat back so I could get in. by the time I got seated and shut the door, he had his pants open. His cock wasn't hard yet but it was out.

Turning and kneeling on the seat, I put my face in his lap. I took him in my mouth and started sucking. As he hardened in my mouth, he leaned his head bock and purred like a kitten.

Not in any hurry I took my time and made his cock feel good. Head still back, he casually stroked my hair and continued to purr. When I sensed the time was right I accelerated my mouth action. Lips clamped tight around his hard shaft, my mouth was quickly bobbing up and down his shaft when he cummed with a scream. He cummed so hard that he lost his breath. For a minute or two I thought I'd given him a heart attack but he finally gasp and started breathing.

Damn, sucking dicks is fun.