 Gabriel

Harp was one conspiring lady. I looked at this kid and realized instantly that she was trying to get me to move on from Maggie. Unfortunately for me, it was working to well.

Dammit.

This kid was beautiful, and I say kid because I'm in my early thirties and this guy looked like he was probably still in school. It didn't take away anything from his appearance, in fact his youthful glow just made him all the more appealing. 

Dammit. 

He had a pale complexion, his skin looking like heavy cream. He was almost as tall as me, probably about 6'. His face was all sharp lines, with a strong jawline and cheekbones that could cut glass. His face, and what I could see of his body, had a smatter of dark freckles, which helped to round out his chiseled face. He was lean with a light covering of muscle. His eyes were dark dark blue, almost black in the right light. His hair was a dark chocolate brown, and it was styled up in a very modern haircut, with a lot of light pieces wavy and styled back messily like he had recently run this fingers through it, with the sides fading down. He was dressed in a coal gray button down, a tight leather jacket, and black jeans that looked tailored to his lean legs. He was my type down to the smallest detail. 

Dammit

I had dated some men in college, all for experimenting while I was young and had the time. I dated one guy for a couple of months, but it never got serious and we parted mutually. After college, I hadn't really dated any guys because I hadn't found any man that had caught my interest in that way. I assumed it was just some college flings and assured myself and my sisters that I was straight. 

They had taken my assurance with a grain of salt, and had offered to set me up with many men and women after college. I had turned down all of their setups, whether they were a man or woman. Blind dates had always made me very uncomfortable, and I'd rather naturally fall into something rather than suffer through hours of bad conversation. It seems as if that hadn't stopped them this time, since they had pretty much just offered me a filet mignon to a lion. 

I wanted to eat him up. 

He looked uneasy in my presence without my sister. I understood, since he had just been left in a basement with a total stranger. Anything could happen. I know what I wanted to happen, but I also knew he would probably never go for it. 

He probably had some super hot college lady hanging off his arm. He probably had never even given thought to being with a man, let alone me. I don't know why people always assume gay men have a great internal gaydar, because I can't tell worth a dime. 

I realized I had been staring at him for the better part of a minute without saying anything, and he was beginning to grow uncomfortable. He was biting his lip lightly with his teeth in the bottom corner of his mouth. His bee stung bottom lip poked out a little bit, and I wanted to be the one nibbling on it. 

"Alright, well this is the basement, I converted into an office space so I could have a place to get away from my crazy sisters and concentrate. I tried to set it up as much as I could so it would go less from creepy warehouse basement and more creepy office, and I think I did alright."

He finally stopped biting his lip, which helped my concentration immensely. He grinned shyly, his ocean eyes staring into mine, then staring at anything other than me.

"It looks really well done. I love the lighting, it definitely lessens the creep factor."

"I"m glad! That's what I was trying to go for. Our next stop on the grand tour will be the brewery side. Please follow me, and make sure to stay with a buddy."

That made his face break into a full blown grin, and his eyes fucking twinkled like a disney movie. I vowed to try and make that smile come out as much as possible that night. 

I rose from my chair and his eyes followed my movement. His gaze roved up and down my body, and I swear I could detect a hint of lust in his eyes. His tongue peeked out between his lips and his face grew a little pink along the edge. He looked fucking delicious.

He seemed to shake himself out of his thoughts, and ran his eyes back up to mine. When he saw me staring back at him, the light pink of his cheeks turned into a full blown blush. He waited for me to walk around my desk and I walked in front of him to lead the way.

Once upstairs, I explained all of the machinery. I explained the brewer, and the fermentation tanks. I explained how though Leigh was the master brewer, I loved to work with the beer and help with flavor ideas or the brewing process. 

Though he probably had little to no reason to, he listened intently to me the whole time. I felt his gaze go through me the entire time I was explaining the beer making process. It became very difficult to concentrate on what I was saying when my thoughts kept straying to Gabe.

Gabe in just those jeans. Gabe in nothing. Gabe pressed up against the fermentation tank, breathing heavy as my hands roamed his chest and down to his cock...

"... and this is our um, our um, yeah this is the tank where we keep our yearly beer."

It was almost impossible to keep up this tour guide ruse. He didn't seem to notice, luckily. It would suck to get into an argument with such a sexy man, especially since he liked the beer so much. 

"So that pretty much finished the downstairs tour. Would you like to go upstairs, and see the balcony?"

"Yeah that sounds great."

I heard a quiet ping in the air, and saw his eyebrows furrow in annoyance. He looked down at his jean pocket in disdain, and pullet out his cell. 

"Sorry about that. My boyfriend, Logan, ditched me and I wasn't able to find him before. That's how I started talking to your sister in the first place."

Boyfriend.

Boyfriend.

I both mentally celebrated and growled in anger. So he was at least bi, but of course he already had boyfriend. A hot, young thing like that could probably grab any man that he wanted. Why would he want a man probably ten years older than him at least that had begun to get soft around the edges and made beer for a living. This gorgeous babe could probably bag anyone he wanted, and I highly doubted he was gunning for me 

His voice finally broke through my mental tirade. 

"Are you fucking kidding me! He just texted me saying he left, and he's the one that wanted to come here in the first place. I mean, he didn't even text me saying he was leaving. He just texted me saying he was home and he would try and see me tomorrow. What the fuck!"

I don't know why anyone would ditch a cutie like him, but I wanted to punch this Logan in the fucking face for making Gabe so upset. His eyes had hardened and his face scrunched up as if he had bitten into a lemon slice. Even with him looking royally pissed, he still looked hotter than hell. 

"If you need to head out and find him, that's ok."

"No, no he already left, no use in chasing him when he obviously doesn't want to be with me. I texted him already and told him I left too and went back to my dorm so I hope that makes him feel a little bad. Let's go check out the balcony." 

We climbed up the stairs, myself leading again. I didn't like looking at his beautiful face when he looked so upset, so I tried to cheer him up as much as I could when we got up their. 

"This is my favorite spot in the whole place. I keep all of the most important things up here. All of my favorite recipes, spices and idea books are up here. When I'm not in the basement or talking to customers out front, you can always find me up here working on a new brew or staring at the stars."

I pointed up to one of the many skylights above us, with a large one sitting right above us. His eyes grew huge as they took in the sky above us. His dark eyes reflected the stars, and I looked at him while he looked up. I had finally found a sight that could capture me more then the night sky.

"So boyfriend problems, huh?"

Dammit Wes! He probably doesn't want to talk about his boyfriend with you! What the hell are you pulling right now? He probably is just struggling to get through this tour so he can go back to his room and figure out how to make up with his boyfriend in the morning.

"Yeah, we've only been dating for a couple of months so it hasn't been that bad. The first months were great, but recently it seems like he rather wants all of my attention or doesn't want to talk to me at all. I don't want to complain, because he's really a great boyfriend when he's around. I just wish he were here more."

Of course. The guy was probably great and just busy. I'm sure in a couple of weeks they would be wrapped in each other again. Young love was tumultuous and intense, so of course they would have heated disputes before having some super hot make up sex. Gabe probably pushing his boyfriend down into the mattress, riding him for all he was worth. His cock bouncing in between, streaming pre cum like a faucet...

Dammit.

"I'm sure he's just busy right not. Is he in college? He may be busy with schoolwork."

"Were both seniors at Westwood U up the street, so we kind of have the same course load. I just feel like if he wanted to hang out with me more, he would make the time, ya know?

I shrugged nonchalantly, not at all matching how I really felt. I would drop everything for this kid if I was his boyfriend, finals be damned. 

He had been lazily staring up at the stars and myself, flicking back and forth in between the two. He turned now, instead of having his back resting against the railing, he was now facing toward the inside of the warehouse where you could see the bar on the other side pretty clearly. It wasn't a huge space, so all of it was pretty viewable from the second floor balcony.

What was in my view as he turned around was his backside. I hadn't yet really gotten to look at his other side since I had been mostly leading our way through the crazy brewery downstairs. His shoulders tapered into a thin waist that I could tell cut in since the leather jacket clung to him like a second skin. His perky ass pushed out as he leaned his elbows on the railing, and my mouth salivated. You could easily bounce a quarter of his cheeks, they were round and full. It was a surprising ass on such a string bean, but not impossible. I wanted to take a bite out of it.

I rose my gaze from its obvious staring, thanking God that he had his face turned away from me. I walked up to his left side, and leaned my elbow right next to his. My right arm and his left slightly brushed together. The hair on my forearms rose slightly from the touching. 

We watched the room in amicable silence, while music streamed into the warehouse via speaker systems I had set up on the balcony and floor level. My sisters and I had a schedule about whos Spotify playlist we listened to each night, and tonight was my night. Louis the Child "It's Strange" was booming through the speakers and laying down a nice bass that matched with the vibe.

"It's Strange

But I don't need space from you

And every single thing you do, I like

I've been chaste

Maybe I just knew I had to wait for you

Draw a knife and carve a little space for you

It feels nice."

Gabe tore his gaze from the bar and glanced over at me with a hint of a smile on his face. "Do you choose the music?"

"My sisters and I rotate each of our Spotify playlists, but luckily tonight is my night, why?"

"Oh I just really love this song. I don't usually hear music like this in bars I go to."

"Yeah most of my playlist has songs kind of like this. Harpers is more pop and oldies, while Leighs is mostly old punk jams. We forced her to remove any of the screamo songs from the playlist, which caused her to throw a huge fit. She almost didn't come to work the next day, till i lured her in with the promise of dinner on me and her choice for a new type of wheat to use next season."

Gabe laughed at that, one loud laugh that bubbled out of his mouth almost like he was surprised that he felt so happy. I was warmed with pride at being able to turn his mood. 

"That's hilarious! The music choices fit your sisters perfectly, and I can totally see Leigh doing that, even though I barely know her."

"I know, everyone in my family is pretty much an open book. Were pretty up front people with our hearts on our sleeve."

"That's so nice. I love my family, but I'm an only child and even though I'm 22 sometimes my parents can treat me like I'm 8. I wish sometimes they wouldn't keep things from me just to protect my feelings, I'm sure I can handle them by now."

I didn't exactly want to talk about parents, not with the way mine are. That would be a long story that I probably shouldn't share with a gorgeous stranger.

"Yeah, parents can be rough, but at least you're away from them."

"It does help going to school far away. I'm from New Jersey, so when I said I wanted to go to college in Maine, my mother almost fainted. Luckily, I can make them agree to almost anything, so it was easy to convince them that I needed this. Now that I've been here for a while, they've completely come to terms with my moving, and actually love Westwood."

"That's good at least, they must not visit a lot because of the distance."

"They try as much as the can, but..."

Suddenly he stopped talking and let out a long breath of air. We had been staring out at the crowd for a little bit, and I saw him staring straight down to the bar area. I tried to trace his line of sight to see what had come up.

It seemed like he was staring at some guy in the crowd. He had black hair that looked as if he had a superman curl from what little I could see. He looked to be completely ripped in muscle, and his arm seemed to be around some tiny little blonde twink.

We weren't exactly a gay bar, but we were definitely a free for all, so it really wasn't that big of a deal to see a multitude of different couples. I don't know why it upset Gabe so much, since he had just told me he had a boyfriend. 

I watched as the black haired boy uproariously laughed at something the blonde had whispered in his ear, and when his head came back down he kissed blondie right on the lips.

Gabe gasped beside me, and his eyes went round as saucers. He looked incredibly upset.

"Gabe, whats wrong?"

He looked at me with glassy eyes. Then, suddenly his face changed from disbelief to anger and determination. I swear I could hear him mutter under his breath, "Oh fuck it." Then, he grabbed the sides of my head and pulled me down for a brain melting kiss. 

*

Gabriel

That fucking asshole! First, he says that he left, I guess assuming that if I thought he left I would leave. Then he starts kissing and groping some fucking freshman in public right in front of me. What a fucking tool.

"Gabe, whats wrong?"

I guess I was showing my emotions a little to well on my face. Wes picked up right away on how I was feeling. Sweet, hot Wes. Showering me with attention and having a great taste in music. 

To bad he was probably straight. 

But maybe he wasn't? I swear I caught him staring at my ass earlier, but I couldn't be sure. 

Well, it wasn't as if I had anything to lose from testing my theory. Except Wes and his gorgeous smile and jean covered bulge and honey eyes. 

So I had a lot to lose, but I was at a pretty awful tipping point, so the world seemed to have very few consequences. 

"Oh fuck it."

I grabbed onto the back of his head and the little bit of scruff on one side, and pulled him to me. For a nano second, I felt him breathe out as I breathed in, letting him settle into my lungs. Then my lips went after him.

He closed his mouth at first, seeming completely disoriented. I didn't let that last long, teasing the seam of his lips with my tongue. His mouth opened to my ministrations, and he let my tongue slip in. His hands slipped down to my hips as he turned my body and pulled me into him. He did this while we still stayed connected at the mouth, with his tongue finally taking the journey into my mouth. Once that happened, I lost control completely. I let him use my mouth and body the way he wanted as I felt my muscles turn to goo. He suddenly stepped back, keeping his hands resting lightly on my hips and not gripping like he was before. We both took in huge gulps of air, and I slowly raised my lids to see his dazed face

"What in the hell was that? Don't you have a boyfriend?"

He whisper shouted that to me as I just continued to pant and stare at his plush mouth, wanting another taste. 

"I did, until about five seconds ago when I saw him making out with a blonde twink down their. So I figured, that relationships over, time to move on to better things. Hopefully your better." I then unwrapped my hand from the side of his head and lightly grabbed his crotch. "And bigger." I whispered in his ear. 

He moaned into my neck, gripping my hips again and pulling me into him. His mouth was now parallel with my neck, so he began to leave small butterfly kisses and licks up and down the side. I panted slightly, my neck being a very sensitive part of my body that was connected directly to my dick. 

Wes suddenly bit down on my pulse point. Hard. 

"Oh fuck Wes, jesus."

I felt his grin in the curve of my neck, then he continued to nibble and suck all along my collarbone, stopping mid chest to look up at me. He looked absolutely ravishing. His hair was all messed up, his lips were swollen and red, and his eyes were giving me a hooded glow that I could drown in. His eyes continued to stare at me as his face moved from my collarbone to my right ear, gently biting the lobe. His knee came in between my legs and ground into my cock, and I almost came in my pants like a teenager. 

"Baby, if were going to continue this, you need to let me know I'm not just a rebound. I don't do one night stands, and you're not about to start that trend. I want so bad to drive you crazy, but you have to tell me now if this is just a one time thing." 

Fuck. The way his voice rasped out the word baby almost made me choke. I had to use all my willpower to focus on the words he was saying and not riding his leg.

"No, fuck it's not. As long as you want me after, I want you."

He growled lowly at that, somehow pushing his body even closer to me. His knee, unfortunately, slipped out from between my legs. He gripped onto my right hand and placed a breathy kiss on my palm. I swear, I swooned like an old southern belle. 

He pulled me through the balcony and down to the steps. When I turned around to begin climbing down the ladder, we stood face to face and I felt all kinds of urges to wrap my body around his and never let go. I knew we were getting to that, but I was growing impatient. I lightly teased his mouth with mine, lightly touching our lips together and poking my tongue out onto his bottom lip. Then I began my descent, my eyes never leaving his. 

At the second step down, my face was eye level with his crotch. I grinned up at him like a cat that got the canary. I could see his thick rod making a noticeable outline in his pants, so I mouthed at where I thought the head might be through the denim. 

"Oh my fucking God, shit Gabe, get the fuck downstairs. I can't wait and I'm done teasing."

I smiled around my mouthful of cloth and cock. My mouth slowly left its place, and continued my descent down. Wes scuttled down as quick as he could, never more than three rungs above me. As soon as we both hit the bottom, he grabbed me by the ass and lifted me up off my feet. I wrapped my legs around his middle and screeched, surprised at the feeling of being swung into the air. 

"Sh baby, it's alright I got you, let me take care of you gorgeous"

His strong build crowded me up against a wall behind one of the huge tanks. I tried to remember the use of the tank, but all the great facts I had learned were slipping from my mind as I delved into pleasure. 
