 I stood in the secluded forest clearing. I looked down at the beautiful man who was on his knees in front of me. He was a few years younger than me. His blue overalls were freshly washed but had some old oil stains on the sleeves. I wondered if he was a mechanic. He was certainly very skilled with his hands. He had shown that he was very good with his mouth.

His lips met the tip of my cock as he stroked my shaft. He reached up and undid my hiking pants. They fell to my ankles. I kicked them away so I was naked from the waist down. His hand rubbed the lower edge of my stomach as his mouth slowly worked along the length of my hardon. I put both my hands on the side of his head. I felt my cock touch the back of his throat. I felt his warm saliva swirling around my dick as his cheeks moved to the rhythm of his gentle sucking. His tongue caressed the underside of my cock. He fondled my balls. I could feel my load building. My cock was ready to explode.

He was quietly groaning. Both his hands were now firmly grasping my butt cheeks as he increased the pace of his head movements. He greedily swallowed every inch of my cock. I held his head as I felt one of his fingers rubbing my ass. I was so close. 

I heard a slight noise, like a twig breaking. A guy was standing on the path watching with his hands buried deep in his track suit pants. I was so close to release that I just didn't care. All that mattered was my hardness and the eager mouth that surrounded it.

The guy on his knees really went to town on me when he spotted the other guy. His mouth felt perfect. I was really getting into it. I encouraged him by whispering that he was a great cock sucker. I begged him to make it last. He released my meat for a moment. He told me that the last guy had been just another cock but this was something special.

Picking up the action I was given everything that I had ever experienced in the cock sucking world. My knees started to buckle as his finger worked its magic on my butt. That beautiful tongue danced along the underside of my cock. He held my balls tightly to stop me shooting as he tried to suck the foreskin from my uncut cock. I was so hard. His mouth was warm and wet. He looked up and me and released my balls. I grabbed his head. My cock exploded down the back of his throat. He sucked hard, swallowing each spurt. I came in a thick torrent that filled his mouth. 

After he sucked the last of the juice from my balls, he rose and kissed me lightly on the cheek.

By now we had an audience of two. They were starting to walk towards us so I picked up my pants. As I started to walk away my new friend lightly grasped my arm.

"I'm not up for a gangbang." He whispered "Do you want to find somewhere more private? I live close." His pants had a big wet spot so I figured that he wanted me to return the favour I had just received. We chatted for a few moments before he kissed me again. This time he put his lips firmly against mine. I opened my mouth in response. I could taste my sperm. Our tongues wrestled for some time before he pulled away. His cum soaked jeans bulged from his erection. He obviously had a huge cock.

The other two guys went further into the clearing. I watched them take off their pants and hang them on a low hanging branch. They started to fondle each other as they turned their backs on us. They embraced and kissed. I watched as their hands explored each other's butts. 

The taller of the pair turned and put his hands on his knees. The other guy spread those delicious cheeks and aimed his cock at the waiting hole. He pushed slowly and firmly until his cock was fully inside. He then reached for the guys nipples and started pinching them.

The guy begged for more and his wish was granted. The guy was soon pounding into him, pulling that thick cock all the way out and slamming it back in. 

My friend and I stood watching until a deep moan told that a wad of semen had been deposited deep inside that hungry hole. They stood motionless as they caught their breath.

We walked back to the car park. I wrote down his number. As I got into my car he told me that he was married. Apparently she was going away for a few nights. He asked me if I wanted to come over for a few few hours. I declined but made a date to meet him at this spot the next day. He told me that I was a real gentleman. We kissed again before I drove away. 

I was starting to get hard again.