 I am a landscape gardener. It's hard work that involves long days of manual labour. One of the benefits is that I can take a day off whenever I feel like it. If I wake up horny l sip my morning coffee while checking out the latest internet pornography. If I don't relieve my aching cock at my desk I can devote the day to the pursuit of pleasure.

If the weather is good I will head for one of several spots around the area that are good for casual, outdoor sex. Sadly, there aren't many openly gay guys so "walking the beat" often leads to frustration rather than satisfaction.

Yesterday morning was a typical day off. I hadn't had any sort of sex for a few weeks. I woke up with a massive boner. I pulled the sheet over my head and lay on my back. As one of my hands wandered along the length of my erection I massaged my balls with the other. I started reminiscing about a beach that was a haven for gay encounters.

After a few gentle strokes of my cock I decided to save my load and take a walk along a particular hiking trail. Over coffee I checked my emails and was disappointed not to find any from my new pen friend. I read a couple of his older emails.

One was very hot. He described a recent hook up with some strangers. I could just picture him on his knees with a penis in his mouth. He related that the first guy's cock was almost too big but he managed to take it all. The guy had face fucked him before he gave it to him from behind. A load of warm cum rewarded that eager butt and then he was ready for the two men who had been watching.

Reading that email soon had me hard again. I found myself casually stroking my dick as I used one hand to navigate the net. I leaned back on my office chair and looked down. Once again I decided to save it for later. I took a shot of my manhood with the web cam. I emailed it to my pen friend just to let him see what he was doing to me. I concluded the email with "more please". Those two words turned out to be the theme for the day.

I finished my coffee. My penis returned to normal. I wiped a drop of precum from the tip as I put on my hiking gear. Half an hour later I was in my car alongside the trail. This is a good path, well made with plenty of small picnic areas. It is intersected by several roads so you don't have to traverse the whole thirty miles to get to the interesting spots.

As I sat in the car I started getting hard at the thought of what might eventuate. It was early so I turned on the radio and started reading last week's newspaper. After about twenty minutes two cars parked alongside mine. The drivers headed in the same direction. I felt my pulse quicken. I waited for about five minutes while I rubbed my dick through my shorts. I then tucked it away so that I could get out of the car.

I unzipped my fly and walked in the direction that the other guys had taken. The path meanders through many bends so you can't see what is ahead. I passed a couple of picnic tables and entered a densely forested section. Many small tracks lead to secluded spaces. 

I paused. The sounds of cock sucking could be heard. I quietly proceeded toward the sound as I released my cock into the chill morning air. I casually stroked it to maintain my hardness. I followed my cock until I could see two men. They were in a small clearing. The older of the two, dressed in a business suit, was standing. His cock was proudly erect. He spotted me but said nothing.

The other guy was dressed in overalls. He had his back to me. He was on his knees and holding the other guy's penis. The business man turned slightly to give me a better view. The other guy leaned forward slightly. I was close enough to see his tongue touch the tip of that hard dick. The guy on his knees noticed me as he caressed the cock with his mouth. I took a few steps closer and took a firm grip on my hardon. I was now about two feet away from the guys.

The guy on his knees kissed the other guy's knob. He got a lip lock on the head then slowly moved forward to accept the full length of it into his mouth. The business man put both his hands on the guy's head. He stood there, glancing across at me and then down to the guy as he fed him cock. The guy worked his mouth up and down. I watched his cheeks puff in and out his tongue worked its magic. The business man started moaning.

It was a beautiful cock, nice and thick. The guy's saliva made it look delicious. I was so hard. I played with my balls and pinched my nipples under my shirt. My cock wanted to explode. The guy on his knees increased his pace, greedily sucking all that cock. The business man started thrusting savagely as he cursed, calling the guy a filthy slut cock sucker. 

He pounded that mouth as the guy looked up at him and tried not to gag. Suddenly they both tensed up. I saw cum trickling out the side of the guy's mouth. The business man held his head still as he moved his cock in and out. They remained like that for some time. Eventually the business man pulled away and walked off. He winked as he brushed past me.

The guy on his knees wiped stray drops of semen from his chin. He looked at my hardon. I was desperate to cum. I took two steps towards him. The tip of my cock was in front of his face. He smiled up at me. He had pale blue eyes. My dick was so ready.

"More please." he said. Then he opened his mouth.

It had been such a long time since my last orgasm. I was determined to make this a long, slow blowjob. I place one hand on the top of his head and guided my erection into that eager mouth. As his lips closed around my shaft I thought about my pen friend.