 I just went to have my yearly physical. My doctor said I needed to start exercising to shed the ten pounds I have gained from the previous year.. I decided to go out to the state park not far from where I live. I took a drive out there one day. When I pulled into the parking lot there were only two other cars there. I smiled and figured I had the place mostly to myself. I walked down one of the paths for maybe ten minutes. The trail came to a fork. One went to the right and the other went up a hill. I took the path upwards in order to give my heart a workout. 

I huffed and puffed until I got to the top. I had to rest a minute to catch my breath. I started to walk down to an open area where there were some tall trees maybe one hundred feet tall. I suddenly thought I heard voices. Damn, I was hoping I wouldn't run into anyone here. I walked closer and then I saw them. It was two naked men and they were fucking. I stood and watched them for some time. I hated to admit it, but I was getting excited.

My cock was swelling up in my pants. I considered myself straight, but I had begun to wonder what it would be like to be with another man lately. There was a tree that had fallen down and one guy was bent over it. The other guy was standing behind him thrusting his cock into his ass. I stepped closer to see them, but I must have stepped on a dried branch. The guy doing the fucking turned around and saw me. He quickly pulled out and gathered up his clothes and went running off bare ass naked.

The guy being fucked turned around to look at me. He must have been in his early twenties. He was thin and his cock was dangling down between his legs.

"Are you the Park Ranger?" He asked me.

I told him I wasn't. He gave me a big smile.

"Do you want to fuck me?"

Damn, I was horny from watching them both. I had never done anything with another man before. I walked closer and the naked guy bent over the tree once more. I could see his pucker hole looking right at me. I surprised myself by starting to undress. I took off my shirt and then my pants and undies. I only had my shoes on. I turned around and made sure no one was watching. I walked closer and I took hold of my cock. 

I rubbed my shaft up and down the crack of his ass. My new friend let out this moan. My dick was rock hard now. I slowly positioned my mushroom at his opening and started to push into him. My friend was so tight. I had to work some minutes before I had half my dick inside his bottom. I placed my hands on his hips and I started to stroke his ass. I have to admit I loved how it felt. I kept working into his hole until I was totally buried in his ass.

We got into it. I was pounding his tight rim and my lover was crying out as I thrust my dick in the whole way. I placed my chest on his back and gave him every inch of my cock. I am just an average six inches in length, but my cock is pretty thick. I guess I lost control of myself and started to fuck his ass as hard as was possible.

"God, your dick is big!" He shouted at me.

I was glad he thought my cock was bigger than normal. There we stood, naked and fucking like two wild animals in heat. I gave his tight hole a hard fucking and my lover used his ass muscles to grip me firmly. I would have liked to have told you that I managed to last a long time. Maybe it was the excitement of doing it there in the woods. A few minutes passed before I felt like I was getting close. I didn't have time to worry about whether I should have pulled out or not. 

I arched my back and then flooded my lover with my thick seed. I must have had a lot of cum stored up. I kept pumping into his hole and he used his muscles to milk my froth from me. I had to have shot six or seven good blasts of man cream into his body. The whole time my lover was moaning and gripping me hard. I kept thrusting into him until I eventually went soft. I left my dick inside his ass until I finally had to pull out. 

When I removed my dick my cum started to leak out his ass and onto the ground. My lover's body shook as he was pushing my hot load out and onto the ground. My lover finally turned around to face me.

"That was so hot," he told me.

It was hot, that much was for sure. My lover told me his name was Ben. I said that I was Dan. Ben came over to me and kissed me on the lips. That took me by surprise. I can't remember ever kissing a man before. Ben said that the guy who had run off and he had met online. They had come out here a few time to fuck in the woods. Ben also said he was crossing that guy off his list after he ran off like that.

"Do you want to meet here and fuck again?" He asked.

I did want to have Ben again, that much I was sure of. We did meet up the following week. I brought my old sleeping bag along and we fucked lying on top of it. I knew I didn't want to keep coming to the woods, so I invited Ben over to my place. It was much better fucking on a soft bed. I did learn a few things with Ben. I sucked his cock for the first time. Ben said he preferred to be fucked, but he did like his cock sucked occasionally.

I took Ben down my throat. I do admit I gagged the first time trying to take all of his cock. Somehow I did manage to take Ben down to the root. Ben had his hands on he back of my head as he urged me to take his erect cock. He ended up shooting his thick, white cum down my throat. I hadn't planned on swallowing, but he didn't give me a choice. When I finally pulled off his dick, I had his white cream dripping from the corners of my mouth.

I also took Ben's cock in my ass. I asked him to fuck me just this one time. I wanted to know what a man's cock felt like in my belly. Ben said just this one time he would give it to me. I got on all fours and Ben got behind me. He pushed his dick in the whole way. I did scream as Ben fucked me hard. Ben liked to go fast the whole time. He rammed my ass and I gripped him with my ass muscles. It wasn't as fulfilling as I might have liked. 

Ben wasn't able to hold out very long, fucking as fast as he could. He did blow a huge load of seed deep inside me. I loved feeling the heat of his cum as it entered my body. For the most part I ended up fucking Ben. I never thought I would like being with another man, but I do. We have our favorite position where Ben mounts me and we fuck while I am on my back.

I pull on his ass cheeks and Ben slams his ass down hard onto my shaft. I lost count of how many loads of my cream I have given him thus far. We do still take walks out in the woods from time to time. We have fucked out in the same spot as where I first met Ben. Ben and I plan to move in together in the near future. I will be able to have Ben's ass whenever I need it.