 My dog Skippy is going on two years old this year and I've been taking him down to the local park just about every morning for all of that time. 

I usually get to park around 6 AM to get Skippy in a quick walk before I get ready for work. I rarely see anyone else at all at the park except for the occasional jogger.

On the weekends and holidays, of course I sleep in a bit and I have to share the beautiful park with many other folks.

This particular week, I was on vacation and it had been raining early in the morning so I waited for the weather to clear before I made my way down to the park.

I parked in my usual place and wandered down the trail through the still misting day and dripping woods to the small clearing where I could safely let the dog off lead to race about freely for a little while and waited for the little dog to do what he needed to do. 

We made our way back to the area up on the hill where my car was parked. I noticed another vehicle parked a few spaces from my car. It was an ordinary sedan, four doors and silver in color. As I approached closer I could see there was a single man in the car. 

He appeared to be around my age, cleanly shaved and neatly, if casually dressed. He seemed a bit nervous, glancing at me then appearing to stare out the front windshield of his car.

As I drew closer, I noticed the top of his arm and shoulder appeared to be moving slightly. I thought to myself, that's a bit strange. I wondered at first if he was scratching himself but as I drew nearer, I thought, wow, this guy's jerking off. 

I found the thought strangely erotic I felt my cock begin to swell slightly and I decided to make a point of getting close enough to confirm my observations. 

I walked around to the drivers side of my vehicle making the turn wider than needed to allow me to glance through the side window of the sedan. 

I didn't see anything clearly, but his arm movements left little doubt to the nature of his activities. I looked around and there was no one else parked near by or walking around in the light drizzle. 

He looked at me invitingly or at least it seemed that way to me. I put Skippy into the car, closed the door and stood by my car, unsure of what to do next. 

I felt a wave of nervous excitement wash over me. My heart was pounding, my mouth dry and my cock was now chub.

I stepped the short distance to the car, close enough so I could peer into the drivers side window. 

The guy smiled at me and I could clearly see his erect penis. He held it tightly at the base with his fist and it extended easily four inches beyond. 

It was thin, much thinner than any cock I had ever seen. The shaft was a pale white, smooth with small blue veins but the head was an almost grotesquely large in comparison.

He squeezed and stroked it and resumed his masturbation, obviously pleased to have my attention. He indicated with his head I should join him in the front seat of his auto.

I looked around me and saw no one moving in the misty parking lot, my cock was now engorged to it's full length. I hesitated and felt a shiver run through me. 

I found myself at the passenger door my hand on the handle. 

The scene took on an almost dream like quality as I opened the door and quickly slid into the front seat. I began to panic a bit as the door clicked shut, my breath came in quick gulps. Slowly my tension melted and I took measure of the man in the seat beside me. 

The vehicle smelled of cock, I could see the pre-cum glistening on the extraordinarily large red head of his manhood. He stopped his stroking and used the muscle at the base to twitch the long shaft.

"You like?" The thin young man whispered to me nervously. 

"Yes." I mumbled. While still glancing around to see that we were indeed alone.

The windows of the car began to lightly fog.

"Take it out, let me see your cock." he asked with a disarming smile. 

It was almost a plea. I pulled the leg of my shorts aside dug through my undershorts and pulled out my now hard cock. I squeezed it and began to stroke myself. pre-cum began to ooze out and dripped down my shaft.

"Oh, yessssss!" the stranger hissed, his head back and his stroking quickened at the sight of my shorter but fatter manhood.

I was as fully sexually excited by the eroticism of the moment as I have ever been in my life. I don't remember ever being so turned on. My excitement grew even more as I sensed the man only a few feet away from me was about to cum.

His strokes quickened and he grunted his pleasure.He lifted his hips from the seat and closed his eyes. A few seconds later the first of several long squirts of cum exited his long thin white cock, I thought he would never stop ejaculating.

I came off, suddenly and shockingly, my eyes closed as the waves of orgasm rocked through me.

My companion was leaned back his softened cock limp in his hand, his cum still oozing and dripping out of his extraordinarily large cock head. I quickly slide my still wet cock back into my shorts and bolted from the car, still looking about to ensure I wasn't seen. 

I was ashamed of myself and my actions, I could feel my face reddened. For a moment I thought I would cry. 

I quickly made my way back to the safety of my car. Skippy of course was happy for my return and barked, wiggling his pleasure. I found the sound assuring. 

The silver sedan backed out of the parking space and slowly drove away. I leaned back in my seat, relieved that I would never have see the man with the strange misshapen cock again. I found some tissues and tried as best I could, to clean myself up.

I drove home slowly, my wife of fourteen years would be awake and getting our two boys ready for our trip down to the aquarium.

I looked down at the wet stained shorts I had on, the guilt again washed over me, my face flushed anew. 

How could I do that? I asked myself in disbelief. I'm not gay, I have no desire to have sex with men. 

The ride home was a short on and yet I found myself driving quickly. My heart was still pounding and I knew my face was flushed. I could smell my own cum and feel my cock chub in my cum splattered shorts. I hoped I could get into the bathroom and get out of these clothes and cleaned up before my wife or my children saw me. 

Luck was on my side and there was no one between me and the bathroom. I let Skippy off his lead and he bounded away in search of the children.

In the bathroom, I quickly disrobed and turned on the shower. I did my best to wash out the smell of semen from my shorts and buried them in the hamper.

My cock was semi-hard and swung against my leg as I adjusted the shower and let the hot water wash over me. I soaped myself and my cock hardened while I cleaned off the sticky cum. 

I knew as my cock swelled in my hands, I would have to relieve myself again and I pictured the strangers oddly shaped cock as I quickly reached my peak and ejaculated. 

My wife knocked on the door to tell me she and the kids were ready and waiting. I dried myself and headed for the bedroom to change.

The next few days were sunny and bright and the park busy with joggers, bicycles and strollers. 

I had masturbated several times since the incident, replaying the scene over and over in my head. The young man's long thin white cock with it's red mushroomed head. The smell of my own ejaculate returned me to the front seat of that strangers car and the bizarre sexual act I had shared with the stranger.

I was obsessed with the act. I hadn't mounted my wife since the incident and I had no interest in mounting her. 

I found myself on the net searching out and watching porno clips of men jerking off. I had often watched porn but certainly never gay porn. Now I would watch men cumming until I had to relieve myself of my sperm and run to the bathroom to squirt another load into the sink. I came off four times one day.

I knew now, I wanted cock. I wanted to touch one and taste one. I wondered if I were actually gay but, I really had no interest in men. I only wanted a cock. 

On the last day of my vacation, I awoke to the sound of rain. I dressed quickly, I wore no underwear and my thinnest short pants a light tee shirt and a cap. 

Skippy was ready, bouncing up and down with anticipation for his walk. I was nervous and hopeful. My cock was already semi-hard. I squeezed it hard on my way out the door.

As I had hoped there were no other cars in the lot, no sign of joggers and the rain was beginning to taper off once again to a light foggy drizzle. 

Skippy strained against the lead as I headed down the trail. I let him off the lead and he began to race around sniffing for rabbits and the tell tale odor of other canines.

I walked around in nervous circles chewing at my nails waiting until I was sure Skippy had burned off his excess energy, taken care of his needs and was ready to go home and eat.

Finally after what seemed like hours the dog raggedly and tongue lolling out made his way back to me. I leashed him and hurried back up the trail to the parking lot.

It was there. The sedan with the young man was again parked by my car. My heart pounded loudly in my chest as I made my way up the hill to the vehicles. I quickly loaded the dog into my auto and headed around to the passenger side of the silver sedan.

His cock was out but it hung limply with only a few inches expose and of course the strangely shaped head protruding from his jeans.

"Hi", he said, "I guess I should at least introduce myself,my name is Sean, I live here in town. "I take it you come here often?"

Again he flashed his comfortable smile.

"Yes" I answered, "I walk the dog here every morning before work, my name is Angelo, I live about a half mile from here." "I'm married with two kids." I blurted out.

Sean chuckled, smiled and said. "Me too, only I just have one child, a little three year old girl. "I'm not gay either, I come down here for the thrill, I guess I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, I like to show my cock to strangers, it gives me a real thrill." "I do believe you enjoyed my show, at least it seemed that way to me."

"I guess I did." I answered sheepishly."I will admit I have been hoping to run into you again,although part of me is horrified by my reaction to all of this."

Sean laughed and continued to smile as his hand began to manipulate his now swelling cock.

"I've been hoping we could repeat the act again, I'm so glad I didn't scare you off." I so did enjoy seeing you cum off so quickly!"he said perhaps just a little too quickly, I understood now that he also was nervous and unsure of the situation. 

For some reason, I took comfort in that. "Take it out, take out your cock." he asked glancing furtively about. I pulled my shorts down to my thighs with my balls hanging over the elastic waist band of my thin summer shorts, my cock was squeezed up into my stomach. I could see he was now fully erect. He pulled his shorts down to his knees so I could see his cock and balls completely. 

He was even longer than I remember. Again I was fascinated with his apple sized cock head mounted on the pencil thin white shaft. His balls were tiny, he stroked his thin shaft, the top of his pumping hand banging into the underside of the crown. His eyes were closed as I watched clear pre-cum drool out and over,dripping onto the floor.

"Have you ever sucked cock?" he asked quietly. 

"No!" I answered quickly and perhaps just a bit to sharply. "I told you I wasn't gay." 

"I know, I know," he said quietly, "I'm not either but I want to suck you, will you let me suckle your dick?" "I want to suck a cock, I want to suck your cock." 

I could see he was breathing hard and he was nervously awaiting my answer. My mind reeled, my cock throbbed. "Yes, okay,suck me." I pulled my shorts and let them fall to my ankles. I lifted my thighs up and tilted toward the young stranger to allow him easy access to my hot dripping cock.

I felt his hot mouth engulf me and my hand instinctively reached for the back of his head forcing my full length into his willing mouth. He gagged as my cock head slammed to the back of his throat. 

I released him and he pulled back and coughed. "Sorry" I apologized quickly. I could see his eyes were teared up and he struggled to regain his breath. "Sorry" I repeated, "I guess I'm not to good at this."

We both laughed. "Let me try again." 

His warm mouth again engulfed my harden dick, he did suckle me gently, I could feel his tongue, the tip of it, against the rim of my cock head. My head began to swim and I knew I would cum shortly.

"I'm going to cum off." I gasped holding his head tight to my belly. I felt my orgasm rising and heard Sean grunt with pleasure as my ejaculate pumped into his warm mouth. He gasped and began to cough, my cum spilled down his face and neck. He quickly recovered and swallowed what remained in his mouth.

"Wow" he said with a chuckle, "that was exciting.That was everything I hoped it would be.I loved every minute of it."

His cock was limp and he began to squeeze and pull on it. "I need to cum off myself now, I think you understand why." His dick quickly hardened beneath his manipulation and he began to shoot his load.

The car wreaked of semen and every one of the windows was completely fogged.We both laid back and slowly regained our composure.

" I need to go now." I said, "My wife will be getting worried."

I walked slowly back to my car. I started it and drove slowly home to my wife and children