 "What do you think of him," I asked, pointing to an older man with a combover. "He looks like he won't spit on our food."

"Ugh, I hope not. He looks like the kind to talk about his grandkids to us for twenty minutes and then forget to take our order."

"What about her?"

Jason rolled his eyes at me. "She's wearing cat ears, Levi."

"How about him," I gestured towards a young man coming out of the kitchen.

He eyed the distracted waiter. He wore the standard-issue black pants and white long-sleeved shirt with and apron tied around his slim hips. His pants were fitted perfectly to him, held up by a black leather belt. His shirt sleeves were rolled up just below his elbow, revealing shapely forearms decorated with dark hair.

"Hmm," was all Jason had to say as he continued to study the man. He slowly raked his eyes up and down the stranger's body and began to bite his lower lip.

"Hey, still there," I asked, breaking the prolonged silence.

He snapped back to reality, looking at me with widened eyes, his cheeks turning a light shade of pink.

"Um, yes, I am," he said with a small forced laugh.

"I do have eyes, you know," I reminded him with a raised eyebrow, "and I can tell when you're admiring another man."

"I know, sorry. Why, are you jealous," he teased me.

"Not at all," I shot back, unwilling to let him have the upper hand.

"Well that's too bad, because I thought it was kind of hot," he whispered as he leaned in closer to me. He gave me a small kiss beneath my ear, then sat back into he seat with a sly grin.

"Hi there, my name is Trevor, I'll be your server for tonight."

Jason and I turned our heads towards "Trevor": he was the attractive young man. We exchanged a knowing glance.

"How're you two doin' this evening," Trevor asked. He had a hint of a Southern drawl, and a very obvious "gay accent".

"Hi, Trevor," Jason greeted him, his voice higher than usual.

"What can I get started for you," he asked Jason pointedly.

I cleared my throat, forcing Trevor to acknowledge me.

"We will have two Cokes, please."

"Actually," Jason spoke up, "I think I'll have a beer."

I gave him a questioning look he didn't notice, too busy listening to Trevor ramble on about beer options. He decided upon some variety of light beer; Jason wasn't a beer-drinker at the best of times, and usually held a special distaste for light beers.

"Alrighty then, I'll be back in a minute your drinks," Trevor said as he turned to leave.

"What are you doing," I asked as soon as he was out of earshot.

"What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean."

"I'm just being a friendly customer, Levi," he tried to reassure me. I made a sound of dissatisfaction, but didn't press the issue further; Trevor had come back.

"So, that was a Coke for you," Trevor trilled as he set a glass in front of me, "and a light beer for you," he smiled at Jason, who smiled right back.

"Are we ready to order," he questioned him, without so much as a glance in my direction.

"What would you suggest," Jason asked, batting his eyelashes.

"Our specials this evening would be the mushroom risotto, rack of lamb, and our stuffed chicken breast," Trevor tried to keep the illusion of a professional manner.

"What's your favorite thing on the menu," Jason challenged.

"Call me unrefined, but our burgers are great. We have a French onion soup inspired one that's top-notch." His demeanor changed slightly as he continued. "Yes, it's big and juicy, and you can't help but have some of it leak out and down your chin."

"It sounds good," Jason commented in low voice with a calculated look.

"Delicious," Trevor agreed as he licked his lips.

"I will have the mushroom risotto, please," I interrupted, allowing more than a little acid to seep into my voice.

They both straightened when they heard me speak, as if they'd forgotten I'd been sitting there. Jason looking wholly unrepentant, Trevor a mixture of annoyance and surprise.

"Ah, yes, of course. Would you like a side-salad with that, or a cup of soup?"

"I'll have a salad, please," I requested icily.

"Sounds great," he mumbled as he scribbled onto his notepad, before turning back to Jason.

"And what would you like," he asked with considerably more warmth than he'd addressed me with.

"I think I'll have the stuffed chicken breast after all," he replied, wisely a bit more subdued.

"With a salad or soup for you?"

"I think I'll stick with a salad for tonight."

"Fantastic, we'll get right on that for you," Trevor said as he collected our menus. "If you need anything, don't be afraid flag me down." He gave Jason a wink I wasn't meant to see.

"He seemed friendly," Jason had the gall to say to me.

"Jason, just what do you think you're doing?"

"Making conversation with our waiter," he tried.

"You are flirting with our waiter, Jay," I hissed. "I am right here, not two feet away from you! What makes you think that this is an okay thing to do?" "Oh, calm down, Levi. You yourself have said I'm the biggest flirt you know. Isn't that what you liked about me in the first place?" "Yeah, sure, when it was me you were flirting with - not a complete stranger. And in my presence, no less!"

He put his hand on my arm.

"Levi, you can't take these things so seriously; you know I don't mean anything by it."

Though very much unsatisfied with his excuse, I didn't press the issue - we'd only end up going in circles if I did. I occupied myself with reading the dessert menu.

No way in Hell are we staying for dessert, I thought as I flipped through the various pages of chocolaty cakes and mousses.

"Sorry for the wait," Trevor apologized, appearing out of thin air. "The kitchen seems to be a bit backed up. I pushed your order to the front of the line, so it'll be done as soon as possible."

Of course, this was all delivered to Jason with another wink. I put down the booklet and took hold of Jay's left hand, toying with the gold band on his finger. Making sure Trevor noticed.

He's married, fruitcake. Just get me my food and screw off.

"Don't you worry, we're patient," Jason assured the server. I squeezed a couple of his fingers at this, signifying that I, for one, was not patient. He gave me a sideways smile before turning back.

"We understand that you're not at fault for any of this," he added.

"Oh, thank you," Trevor praised him, "I'm relieved that you're so understanding. I wish everyone else here were half as gracious as you." With that, he was off again to tend another table.

"Suddenly fascinated with my wedding band, are you," Jason tried to tease.

"Much more fascinated with it than you seem to be," I murmured.

"Hey, our food's getting made quicker than anyone else's; that has to count for something."

"I did not sign up to play this game, Jason."

His eyes gleamed at that, and he leaned in close enough that I could feel his breath on my neck.

"Oh, but this is such a fun game to play."

He kissed my neck, then my jaw, then beneath my ear. I was ready to make him stop, but I saw Trevor out of the corner of my eye, headed our way with a tray in his hand. Instead, I turned my head so that I was able to kiss Jason full-on. He seemed surprised but didn't stop my advance, so I stepped it up and slipped my tongue between his lips. I kissed him ardently and intently, one hand tugging at his hair, the other on his thigh. His breath washed over me, hot and heavy.

"Ah, excuse me, your, uh, food's ready," a red-faced Trevor interrupted us.

"Thank you, Trevor," I smirked at him as I pulled away. Jason watched him as he placed our food in front of us, ears burning. Without another word he scurried away.

"Shall we," Jason invited as he picked up his fork. I followed suit and didn't make an attempt at conversation. He didn't seem inclined towards discussion either, so we ate quietly for some time.

"What do you say we head home after this,"Jason suggested.

"Exactly what I was thinking."

We relapsed into our previous silence as we finished our dinners.

"How are we doing," a feminine voice inquired.

"What happened to Trevor," Jason wondered at our new waitress.

"Trevor had to leave, so I'm here in his place. Can I offer you two any desserts?"

"Just the cheque would be great, please," I requested.

"Alright, here you go. Have a great night," she beamed at us in a signature fake smile.

"Thank you, to you as well," I returned, though she'd already gone.

We paid, then left to the car; I got into the driver's seat, Jason to my right.

"That was nice," Jason remarked. I made a non-committal noise in return. "Levi?"

"Yes?"

"Is there something wrong?"

I gave him an incredulous look.

"Jason, are you kidding me?" He gave me a blank look. "You completely embarrassed and disrespected me this evening; I don't know where you got it into your head that I would be okay with any of it, but I'm not. I'm pissed off, Jason. Extremely pissed off."

He shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "Levi, I ... I hadn't meant to ... I wasn't ... "

We arrived at our home and I turned to face my stammering husband. He trailed off uneasily, not knowing where he should look. I turned off the car and stepped out. Jason didn't look like he planned on moving, so I poked my head back in.

"Are you coming inside?"

"Ah, yes," he answered nervously as he fumbled with his seatbelt. I went inside, and could hear him following shortly behind. Once inside, we stared at each other, unsure of how to proceed. I was furious, he was at a loss, and neither of us were ready for the fight to come.

Jason was the first to break the silence.

"Levi, I - "

I put my hand up, signalling him to stop. Tension shrouded us again, and Jason tried once more to explain himself.

"Listen, please, I'm so - "

"I wanted you to be quiet, Jason," I spoke with unnatural calmness. After a beat, I continued. "Go into the bedroom."

His eyebrows knit together, confused.

"Bedroom, Jason," I spoke deliberately.

He hesitated for a moment, but did as I asked. I followed shortly behind, taking my shirt off as I went, not caring where it landed.

I entered the bedroom to find Jason faced towards the door, waiting for me. He took note of my shirtless state, and gradually, the atmosphere in the room shifted. The tension melted away, forgotten for the time being, and the air turned electric while we studied each other. I stepped towards him slowly and came to a halt in front of him.

Silently, I closed in on him; I cradled his head with one hand, and placed the other on his hip. I brought my lips to his and kissed him, softly at first, then with increasing intensity. I pulled his hair with the hand that lay on his neck, and he made his way to the buttons of my jeans. I put my hand over his to stop him; he ignored this and continued in his pursuit.

"Don't Jason," I spoke strictly against his lips. He pulled away to give me a questioning look.

"Do you trust me," I asked him seriously. He nodded his head without hesitation.

"Good." I brushed his neck with my lips and laid a kiss there before coming upon his ear. "Because I'm going to make you as angry and frustrated now as you made me all night." At this he shivered and looked at me with cautious anticipation. I gazed at him with darkened eyes.

"I want you to take off all your clothes, except for you underwear. Now."

He did as he was told, and was soon standing before me in only a pair of black boxer briefs.

"You drive me insane," I spoke lowly. I went up to him, traced my hand down his chest and followed the curve of his hip with my fingers. I stood behind him, breathing on the back of his neck, watching the way the hairs stood up as he shifted. I grabbed his hips and pressed him against me.

"Do you know how crazy you make me," I asked him as I nibbled on his ear lobe. "Do you know infuriating you are?" I bit down harder, causing him to breathe in sharply and his breath to grow heavier.

"Why do you tease me?" I dug my fingernails into him. "Why do you like to make me jealous?"

I stepped away from him with a kiss. I was completely turned on by this point, my erection making a tent in my jeans.

"Turn around and get on your knees, Jason."

Almost instantly he was kneeling before me, looking up at me with lust-filled eyes.

"Finish undressing me," I directed him.

He tugged at my jeans, and they fell to pool around my ankles. Without breaking eye-contact he slowly drew my underwear off, his fingers lingering just above and running down in a sensual tickle. Jason smiled widely as he continued to lower my underwear, my erection proudly springing out to meet him. I kicked my clothing behind me with one foot.

"Well, don't just stare at it, Jay."

He licked his lips before bringing them forward and enveloping me. I moaned as his tongue twirled around me, his lips soft and tight around me.

"You know, you look good with my cock in your mouth," I complimented him.

He made a noise in response that caused vibrations to dance around me, eliciting another moan from me. I brought my hands to his head and twisted my fingers in his hair. He began to bob his head back and forth over me, stroking the underside of my cock with his tongue. I felt his hand begin to caress the bottom of my ass.

"Hands to yourself, Jason," I breathily warned him again.

He crossed his arms behind his back, his rhythm continuing uninterrupted. He swirled his tongue around my tip maddeningly, leaving the rest of me exposed and wanting. I groaned in objection; he paid me no mind. He slipped me out of his mouth entirely, placing a kiss delicately upon my leaking tip.

"Jason," I complained, pulling his hair.

"Let my touch you," he argued. I smirked at him.

"Not on your life. You made the choice, baby. Flirt with our waiter all night, fine, now you have to pay the price."

He pouted at me sexily, but didn't bring me back into his mouth. I tugged his head forward, urging him.

"Keep going, Jason."

He continued to refuse me while biting his lips: a challenge. I took a step away from him.

"Very well. You don't want to do as you're told?" I went to my bedside table, taking out two pairs of restraints. I began to fasten one onto the bars of the brass headboard. Still on his knees, Jason watched as I walked to the foot of the bed and attached another restraint on a bar there.

"So, you want to touch me, Jason," I asked idly. "You want to grab me by my ass, my shoulders, my arms? You want to knot your fingers in my hair and pull at it? You want to feel every part of me, caress me, fondle me, run your hands up and down over me?"

I tied the last restraint to the bed, then turned to face him. The corners of my lips curled up in anticipation.

"We'll see how much you like this, then. Lay down on the bed," I commanded.

With narrowed eyes he did as he was told, carefully laying himself down, watching me in the same way you would a spider found on your shower ceiling.

I took hold of his right wrist and tightened the Velcro straps around it. I did the same with the other three restraints, running my hands over his legs, chest, and arms as I went. Once I'd finished tying him up, I pulled down his boxer briefs until the waistband was just barely concealing his manhood - which was very much hardened, and standing straight up by that point. I tousled his hair for the final touch, and took a step back to admire my work.

"Jason, you look incredibly hot like this. I mean, you're a fucking fantasy come to life." I fingered one of the restraints, testing it's hold.

"Do these feel okay," I asked him, momentarily serious. "They don't hurt?"

He smiled at me seductively.

"No, they don't hurt. Yet."

I walked around the bed and sat beside him. My hand reached out to scratch down his chest, from his collarbone to just below his navel. I brought my lips down to one nipple and enveloped the pebbled peak in my mouth; I could feel him moaning beneath my lips in pleasure. I twirled my tongue about it as he'd done to my cock, lavishing the small, sensitive bud . He cried out when I lightly brought my teeth together around him; his cries grew louder when I soothed him with my tongue before clamping my teeth around him again, even harder this time. I began to roll his other nipple between my fingers, elongating it, making him squirm beneath me.

I pulled my lips away from him only to take them to his other, thoroughly toyed-with, nipple. I repeated the practice I'd established with the first nipple on his second, relishing the way he writhed under my attentions. He moaned loudly as I pulled myself away from him, his sensitive peak still gripped between my teeth. With a final flick of my tongue I released him, causing him to breathe out heavily in return.

I got off and climbed completely onto the bed - or, more accurately, onto Jason. I sat atop his groin, grinding against his hard cock. Taking hold of his hair, I dipped down to kiss him; he kissed me back passionately, invading my mouth mercilessly. I moaned into his mouth and tugged insistently at his hair. I could feel him pulling at his restraints by the way his shoulders shifted beneath me and he groaned loudly, this time in agitation.

"Feel it, Jay," I mumbled against his lips. "I want to drive you mad."

"Oh, trust me, you are," he assured me in a husky voice.

I sucked my way down his neck, his clavicle, his sternum. I shifted my ass lower to allow for easier access as I made my way along his torso. He fidgeted under my lips, and made some contorted noise when I stopped just before the base of his cock - just barely restrained by the waistband of his underwear. Enjoying his protesting cries, I took my lips to his right hip. I licked my way to his left hip, still not daring to so much as glance towards his crotch. From the way I felt his legs move underneath me, I knew that he was again fighting the ties that held him in place.

"Oh, fucking fuck, Levi," he groaned in frustration.

With a smile, I traced my tongue just above the waistband of his shorts. He was salty and smooth, tasting deliciously of home. Unable to contain myself any longer, I yanked down his boxers to his knees, adding another factor of restraint therein; but, more importantly, it granted me access to his marvellously hardened cock. I licked my lips at the sight of his engorged, leaking tip that was absolutely begging to be sucked. Moaning to myself, I did exactly that.

I gently sucked the tip, not giving him nearly the satisfaction he craved, but maintaining the balance of pleasing and punishing. I looked up at him to gauge his reaction; his head was thrown back, his lips parted slightly, his wrists fruitlessly straining against the black ties.

Impossibly, he looked even sexier than he had when I'd primped and preened over him.

I took him deeper into my mouth as I brought my hand to his thigh, and a low, guttural moan slid between his lips. My hand's grip on his thigh tightened while I tickled the back of my throat with his dick. I moaned around him, increasing both our pleasures substantially; as if to provide proof of that, Jason bucked his hips up to meet me. My throat constricted around him, stimulating him that much more, his pleasure made evident by his cries of delight from above me. I lightly began to fondle his testicles with one hand, and used my other hand to assist in fellating my overcome husband. My tongue twirled around his tip while my hand rubbed up and down his length, lubricated by my saliva. With my hand still stroking him, I took leave of pleasuring his cock in favor of licking and sucking at his balls. Ever-sensitive and responsive, Jason shivered at the redirected attentions I was paying him.
