 Note: This story explores a bisexual/bi-curious relationship where two friends explore the boundaries of their sexuality. 

*

"Here goes nothing," I thought as I clicked submit. I had finally mustered the courage to post an advertisement. For quite a while I had kept my online habits a dirty, little secret. I'd go on chat sites and swap porn links with other guys. It was such a turn on to chat dirty with them about the women in the pictures. We talked about what we would do to them, what made us hard, past sexual experiences. My tastes are fairly diverse when it comes to perversion, from mature to fit to group, my appreciation for women in all shapes, sizes and colors made it easy for me to get on with many of my fellow chatters. 

After years of online fun, I was putting up an advertisement on an adult site to find a jerk off buddy in my area. I had been transferred to a new town for work and didn't know anyone there. The anonymity of meeting someone new made me nervous, in a good way. I was excited about the prospect of doing what I've always done online with someone in real life. However, I could not ignore the knots in my stomach. 

The following day seemed to crawl by as slow as it could. I was eager to get home and check for responses. I was not even sure what I wanted out of the experience but something about it gave me a raging hard on. When I finally did get home, I signed onto the website where the ad was posted. There were three responses. One was simply, "Hi," another was obviously a spam link for a nude live cam show. The third however, seemed to be more promising.

"Hey, I saw your ad and I thought I'd say hi. I'm from your area and wanted to get to know someone. Perhaps we could chat online a bit and see where things go?" 

He included his email address which I assumed was newly created for this purpose. My heart-rate increased. I quickly added the email address to my Yahoo messenger. He was online.

"Hi," I typed after deliberating what to say. "Oh hi. Guessing you got the reply to the ad?"

"Yea, thanks for replying, I was wondering if there was anyone out there," I felt so awkward.

"Haha, yea. I'm used to online chat sites, but never really done the whole ad thing before. I'm actually new in town too. Not that new, a few months. But I don't know very many people here." 

"Oh ok, that's cool. Yea, it would be good just to chat online for now. I'm a bit nervous about doing the in-person thing right away."

"Yea man, I totally get you. Same here."

"Nice, that's a relief. What are you into?"

"Almost everything I guess. Big breasts, nice ass, chubby sometimes, mature, Latina, fit...yea pretty much everything except the weird stuff."

"Perfect, me too, got any links?"

"Sure give me a sec."

We began trading links. Usually I'd browse sites and post some of the better pictures I found on a chat site. This time I went to some of my 'favorites' and shared it, hoping to get a feel of my new friend. From what he sent, we were on the same page as far as taste went. The first chat went on for a couple hours and I was content with the results of my ad.

"That was awesome," he said after letting me know he came."Mmm, nice,"

"I'm Chris by the way,"

"Oh, Jon here. Totally forgot about names, lol"

"Ha, yea. Same time tomorrow?"

"Sure."

Falling asleep that night, my mind wandered. I wondered whether I did the right thing giving this stranger my real name. Whether we would ever meet in person, whether we ever should meet in person. Finally, I fell asleep and it didn't matter anymore. 

The next day, I kept glancing at people I passed. Anyone could be Chris. It's a fairly large place, he could very well be a half hour away, but still, I kept wondering. That night, sure enough we chatted again. This continued for a few nights. It was basically the same as what I'd do on the chat sites. Share links and chat about them. Then one night Chris seemed ready to push the envelope a bit more.

"What would you do with a guy in person?"

"Not sure, never thought too hard about it, to be honest."

"Would you jerk off in the same room as another guy?"

"That idea turns me on...you"

"Same. Something about seeing another guy horny with an erection makes me really hard."

My stomach felt weird, but I was definitely turned on.

"I'm hard right now," I confessed.

"Mmmm...I wish I could see that." His comment made my cock twitch.

"I wish you could..."

"Ever do cam2cam with a guy?" he asked.

"No...been way to shy." I had to admit, the idea did seem fun.

"I do sometimes. I don't show face though."

"Mm ok. So just jerking off on cam?"

"Pretty much, it's huge turn on." He informed me before asking, "Do you have a cam?"

My stomach tightened, "Yea..." my cock was rock hard. Should I do this? I mean, we are still fairly anonymous. Yea, he knows my name, but....we're not going to show face.

"Would you like to try?" he finally asked. I swallowed hard before clicking on the 'Video-Chat' button.

"Can you see me?" The camera was aimed at his crotch. He was wearing black boxers and it was clear his hard cock was beneath it. I could see it twitch. Then I noticed how hard I was.

"Are you going to take yours off?" he asked. I felt nervous, but I was sure I wanted to take my underwear off. While I fiddled with mine, I saw him peel his off, revealing the hard smooth cock that was trying to hide before. I was so turned on.

"Mmm, nice, " he wrote. He gently caressed his cock as he continued posting links. I was so horny. The link sharing continued. It felt really natural. Between the porn and the voyeur/exhibitionism, it was the most turned on I had been in quite a while. The edging prolonged the experience. If we had just started jerking off from the start, I probably would've came within ten seconds. Holding out was a big part of the fun. It went on for about an hour. 

When we finally did start jerking off, we both took a break from the links and focused on each other. It was no surprise how quickly we came. I saw his cum shoot out and his cock slowly deflate, as did mine. We caught our breath for a few seconds. It got a bit awkward but we gradually said good night and headed out. After I signed off, I got ready for bed. Lying there, I thought back on the experience. My cock was hard again. I thought about how hot it was, and how it would be to jerk off together in real life. I pumped my cock to the image and came once more. That night I slept very soundly. 

The following day all I could think about was the previous night. I thought about how abruptly it ended and wondered whether it was too awkward. Whether he would be online again, or if it was just a onetime thing. My thoughts fluctuated between fantasizing about doing it again and wondering if we'd do it again. 

When I finally got home that night, and went online, Chris was not online. My heart started beating faster. "I guess it got too weird. Maybe it was something I said." All these thoughts rushed through my head. I just sat there for about ten minutes, thinking. Then, at the corner of my screen, I saw Chris sign on. He started the conversation, and we chatted as usual. About ten minutes later, he sent a video call. I quickly accepted. This time his boxers were already off. I followed suit. Things went on pretty much the same as the night before and so it continued for about two weeks.

Every couple nights or so, we came on, traded some links and jerked off together. As time went on the dirty talk went further and further. It went from chatting about what we'd do to the women, to commenting about each others' cocks and how much seeing the other one horny turned us on. How if we were with each other we'd give a hand. As things progressed, I finally brought up the idea of us hanging out together. Chris was game. We decided to meet up at a local pub. 

The meet--up was nothing eventful. It was like two old friends getting together. We had a couple beers and chatted about regular stuff. Nothing sexual came up at all. I was a bit disappointed but relieved for the most part. The following night our online activities continued. It wasn't until a few days later he mentioned the meeting, saying that next time we could probably have some more fun. That was about it.

Two more weeks passed by before Chris invited me over to his house. I didn't expect much, I was sure it would be pretty much the same as last time. When I got there, Chris opened the door to his apartment and I noticed he was only wearing boxers. He was slim, not very muscular, but in good shape. He invited me in and offered me a beer. We made our way to his couch where we sat and chatted for a bit. I was expecting the rest of the night to be the same, until Chris brought his laptop out. He connected it to his TV and loaded up some sexy pictures.

"This was a site I stumbled on the other day, aren't they fucking hot?" he asked as I surveyed the very beautiful women before me. I glanced at Chris in my periphery and saw he was touching his cock. I kept watching the photos he was scrolling through, but I was very aware of his growing erection. Finally, he put loaded a video. We both sit back and watched intently. I very badly wanted to reach over and stroke his cock. I was more turned on thinking about this than about the video. I imagined what it would feel like. How he might react. Would he moan?

I couldn't stand it anymore. I moved my hand slowly over. I could almost feel the heat his cock emitted. Then, I slowly dropped my hand onto his boxers. I could feel his cock twitch. It was so warm and hard. I caressed it, moved my hand along, feeling the entire thing through the fabric of his underwear. He responded by unzipping my jeans and prodding for my already hard cock. 

"Take it off," he whispered as he tugged at my belt. I stood up and pulled my pants down, leaving my underwear on, then Chris took his off and reached across and pulled mine down too. I sat back next to him and he loaded another video. We then started playing with each others' cocks as we watched. 

My cock is so hard now just thinking about it. The room began to smell like sex. I could smell his cock and loved the feeling of it in my hand. He was a bit longer than me, but it was not as thick. It was very smooth, and before long my hand was wet with pre-cum. I looked down at it. I wanted to suck his cock so bad. I took a deep breath and went for it. He let go of my cock and put his hands on the back of my head. I swirled my tongue around the head of his penis first and then gradually explored the entire body of it. It felt great in my mouth. I began to bob my head back and forth while playing with different levels of suction. I could feel his body moving and his breath getting shallower. His cock pulsated as he announced that he was close. I played with his balls while I increased my intensity with my mouth. Before long he came in my mouth. I continued sucking and licking slowly until he was limp. 

Chris collapsed on the couch, catching his breath. As soon as he did, he made for my cock. In the excitement, I had forgotten about my rock hard prick which was creating quite a bit of pre-cum of its own. He took it in two hands and leaned over it. I felt his wet, hot mouth enclose me. As he moved back and forth, I lost it. Before long I came. Chris sucked me dry. We both lay there for what felt like ten minutes then Chris got up to pee and I scrambled back into my underwear. When he came back, we both had a beer and watched TV for a bit before I left. 

Since then Chris and I continue to chat online and also meet up almost every week for more fun.