 Note: See "Was I Raped"

*

15 minutes after my new Daddy fucked me, I met him back in the bar. The sexual haze having worn off, I planned on setting him straight.

"Look you brute," I said, mustering all the indignity I could. "I don't appreciate you bullying me like you did. I have half a mind to call the cops on you."

Slap.

Daddy had grabbed me by my upper arm and hit me.

"You fucking punk. I took your ass and you loved it."

Slap.

"Oh God, please stop. You're hurting me!" I pleaded.

"Listen to me bitch. this can be easy or this can go hard. It depends on you. I've turned lots of sissies out and believe me, you got more bitch in you than that waitress over there." Daddy was whispering in my ear.

I looked to where he was pointing. A pretty young woman was watching the interaction between my rapist and me. She as well as the other patrons had seen me getting slapped and pleading with Daddy to stop. They were snickering among themselves.

"Please sir" I cried softly. "Please don't hurt me anymore."

"What's that sir stuff girl? I thought I told you to call me Daddy."

"I apologize Daddy. This is a shock to me. I have a wife I have to go home to in a day or so. I'm not gay. I like having intercourse with my wife." I was trying hard to convince Daddy to leave me alone, that he's made a terrible mistake.

Taking me by my wrist, Daddy led me to a corner table. The other patrons were still snickering. 

"What if it was them?" I thought smugly. "They wouldn't be laughing then."

Daddy let me sit first. "At least he's a gentleman" I thought.

Sitting close to me, both of us facing outward, Daddy dried my tears with his finger. then he offered it to me. He just held his finger at my lips waiting. 

Instinctively I knew what he wanted. I opened my mouth slightly and leaned forward, sucking his black digit into my mouth.

Daddy smiled when he saw how compliant I was becoming. He began to slowly finger fuck my mouth while talking to me. "In a little bit sweetheart, this finger will be replaced by my cock."

I shuddered at the thought.

I was still gently sucking Daddy's finger when the waitress who had witnessed my humiliation came over to take our order. I tried to pull back from the invading finger but Daddy locked his thumb under my chin, keeping his finger in my mouth. He ordered for both of us.

"Anna, how are you tonight?" Daddy was familiar with our server.

"Fine Earl. I see you're breaking in a new one," she said as if what happened and was happening was normal.

"Yeah baby doll" Daddy chuckled. "This one show lots of promise. Look at her soft fat lips, working my finger like a miniature cock."

I blushed at the compliment, my eyes closed, my face burning. I swirled my tongue around the length of Daddy's finger.

Daddy took my left hand and brought it down under the table to his crotch. "She's only had this up her pussy but right now she's practicing for the real deal." Daddy smirked at me while addressing our server.

I felt the bulge that had violated me earlier. It was impressive to say the least. Still soft, I couldn't imagine taking that thing, when erect, up my ass. I found myself stroking it, trying to gage the length and girth. It twitched under my manipulation. I squeezed it and held it is if I was afraid it would get away. 

"Christ, what was happening to me?" I wondered as I continued bobbing on Daddy's finger while openly playing with his manhood. And what a manhood it was. As it hardened, I could feel it get warm and throb.

"She is cute Earl," Anna said. "She needs some work but not much. You'll have her turning tricks in a week I'll bet."

"Sooner" Daddy laughed. "This bitch took to getting fucked like a duck to water. She tried to tell me she's not gay but she has real sissy potential in her."

Humiliation burned within me. Hearing these two talk openly about me like I wasn't there affected me deeply. My dick throbbed and I found their abuse excited me.

"What can I get you two love birds?" Anna asked with a smirk at me.

"I'll have a double scotch rocks and she'll have a Cosmo."

When Anna left us Daddy finally took his finger out of my mouth.

"I think I'll call you Pink. That's got a nice ring to it. Pink the Twink. So Pinkie girl, I need you to grow your finger nails out. We'll get you a suitable hair style, one easy to care for in between tricks. Do you have panties and hose?"

I starred at him wide eyed, processing his words, unable to speak.

"No, probably not. This time tomorrow night we'll have you looking fine Ms. Pink. You like what you have in your hand girl?"

I nodded, afraid the wrong answer would cause me pain.

"Listen Pink, you didn't have to join me here after I fucked you did you? No, you could have gone to your room, called the cops, fled, any number of things am I right? But you came. You came and were on time. I appreciate that too baby. My time is valuable and I really get upset when my whores waste it."

"Daddy," I said pleadingly. "I have a life, a job. I can't stay here with you. I don't want to be a sissy whore either."

Anna returned with our cocktails and set them down in front of us. Seeing my hand still clutching Daddy's cock, she smiled at me, "nice one, isn't it?"

I didn't answer and she just laughed and walked away.

I watched her leave us and began to take notice of the other patrons. There was something a bit off about the women with their men. Most of the women were white but their dates, their men were black. 

"My God Daddy" I blurted out. "Those black men are with transvestites, men dressed like women."

Daddy smiled and congratulated me on my observation. "Very good Pink. Soon enough you'll be one of them. You'll be working this lounge like they are, fucking and sucking the many black cocks of my customers. The one difference though. You'll be prettier then those cunts. You have a fine bitch in you Pink and I'm gonna bring her out."

I thanked him for the compliment, still holding his cock. Daddy downed his drink in a single swallow and taking me by my wrist, led me through the crowd, out of the bar area and to the elevators.

"We're going to your room Pink. I think it's time you become familiar with your true calling."

And just like that, I found myself naked, kneeling before Daddy, opening his pants and fishing out the cock that had fucked me only an hour ago.

Daddy pulled my hair out of the pony tail and brushed it out along the side of my face. I gazed up at him as he told me how pretty I was. He was smooth. I gave him that.

I smiled at his compliment and found myself holding a massive, black cock. 

I'd never sucked a cock before and certainly never had seen one so prodigious. I used both hands to jack it up and down.

Daddy pulled my air, bringing me closer to his crotch. I licked my lips and then his shaft. I held his balls and took as much of his manhood in my mouth as I could.

I knew I had to be gentle and not to scrape his with my teeth. I tongued and lapped the monster cock, bobbing my head as I jacked him off.

Something inside me clicked. It was like an epiphany. I don't know where it came from but I felt like I was already an accomplished cock sucker. It just came natural. I moved down and smothered Daddy's balls with kisses.

"Ooooh that's nice girl. You're a natural born cock sucker Pink. Can I spot em or what?"

Now I'm beginning to get in to a rhythm. I wanted to please this big man. I wanted to eat his cum. I sighed and looked him in the eyes and gave him the best head I could.

Daddy was appreciative. He grunted, held my head and forced his cock deep in my throat. I gagged at first but when he told me to breath through my nose and relax, I became accustomed to the large cock.

I felt Daddy throb and he began to cum. "Eat it bitch, you white fucking faggot. Take my cum cock sucker. I knew you would make a fine whore. Suck it cunt."

The taste was musky, almost gamey. His sperm was thick and rich and I savored it, feeling like I'd earned it.

As Daddy finished his orgasm, I stayed on his cock, gently nursing on it, as it softened. I made sure to clean it of all his offering and gave it a kiss on the spongy head before sitting back on my heels and smiling at my captor.

"Pink," Daddy said. "You're gonna be the rock star of my stable of sissy whores. I'm gonna love fucking you and you're gonna make me a lot of money."

Later, when we went to bed, Daddy spooned me. I have never felt so insignificant as a man as when he curled up behind me and put his soft cock between my legs. My little white dick looked so small, lying on top of his large fat black cock. I did marvel at the contrast of white against black, but also the size difference. He stuck out a good four inches past my own appendage.

I settled in against Daddy as he pinched and pulled on my nipples and told me how he was not going to let me out of his sight.

"I'll protect you baby girl," he breathed in my ear. "I'll make you a star, my star. Face it Pink, you're mine and you're gonna stay mine until I'm done with you."

A wave of feelings washed over me. This man so easily dominated me from the start. He was right. I didn't have to meet him in the bar. I could have done a number of things to get away but I didn't. Maybe some part of me enjoyed the ass fucking..... "no I thought. Not true. I did enjoy it," reliving the act in my mind. Daddy fucked me and I came. What kind of man am I?

"You were born to please cocks Pink. Big black cocks. That's what your future is girl. You'll work the lounge downstairs, you'll pull tricks from bars. I'll advertise you and your skills on the internet. You, Pink, are going to be a busy bitch in the very near future."

"Don't worry about your wife Pink. I'll take care of everything for you. I look after my girls. Maybe I'll have your wife taking tricks along with you. That way you two could still be close."

I turned my face to look into his dark brown eyes. My heart fluttered. I kissed him under his chin, hoping maybe that he'd respond. Instead I learned a little more about my new Daddy.

"Stop it bitch. I don't kiss faggots. I fuck them and let them blow me. Otherwise, you're only a source for cash for me."

With that he fell asleep with his large black arm holding me possessively.