 Up until about 2 years ago I had never entertained the thought of being with another man; but after my wife, Kat, and I had joined a swingers website and had a few experiences with other couples I found myself watching her sucking on and riding another guy's cock and wishing I could do the same. I had told Kat about these fantasies and she had loved them, partly because it gave her reason to use her strap-on with me on the basis that she was 'preparing' me for the real thing.

Over the following weeks Kat practically ignored my cock when we had sex, instead she used her tongue, fingers, butt plugs and a strap-on to fuck me with. She would talk dirty to me as she abused my ass, one day she even had me shave off all my body hair and fucked me in the missionary position, my legs wrapped around her back as she told me what a dirty bitch I was and how much I loved cock; she said that when it happened for real she would make me wear a pair of sexy knickers for the guy to pull to one side and fuck me like a proper little whore. 

About 6 months ago Kat was away for the week on a work related course. One evening I decided to go onto a gay/bisexual chat room and eventually got chatting to a guy called Danny; he told me he was bisexual and enjoyed playing the dominant role during sex. Danny had a girlfriend but she was unaware of his bisexual activities. Danny lived about 60 miles away from me but when I mentioned I was alone in the house for the week he suggested travelling to my town and meeting up. I asked for a picture of him and when I saw him I agreed straightaway, he was good looking, toned and from his picture, had a good sized cock. 

I invited him to just come straight to my house, at the end of the day we just wanted sex so I didn't see any point in meeting in town for drinks and wasting time. After I logged off I rang Kat and told her what I had arranged; she was as excited as me and said that if Danny was okay then I had better invite him back again once she was home. Kat also told me to try and get some pictures; I said I would try my best.

The following day I spent my time getting myself ready, I shaved and trimmed my body hair and got myself sorted for Danny coming around at 7pm. I felt nervous but extremely horny as I imagined what the evening would bring. I made sure that tubes of lubricant were available downstairs and in the bedroom, just so we wouldn't have to go looking for it if things worked out the way I hoped. Before showering I had used one of Kat's larger vibrators on myself but resisted masturbating as I wanted to save cumming for later on. By the time I had finished I was sure that my ass would be ready for Danny.

Danny arrived on time; he looked like he did in the photograph I had seen. He sat down in the front room and told me to get him a beer. When I returned he told me that as of now I was to do what he said, and that if I refused he would leave. After all my expectations for the evening there was no way I was going to disobey anything he said. As he sipped on his drink he told me to kneel between his legs and suck on his cock. I removed his jeans and his underwear and took in the sight of my first ever cock; he was semi-erect and shaven. I licked first at his balls, sucking gently on each one, after a few minutes his cock was solid and I licked my way up it. 

Danny put down his drink and using his hands, forced my mouth down on his cock, almost gagging me. I took as much of his length as I could, while I worked on his cock he was saying that I was his cum slut for the night and that by the time he left I would have a stomach and ass full of his cum. This just got me hornier and I wanked his cock as I licked his swollen helmet, he groaned in pleasure and then without warning my mouth was full of his thick cum; I swallowed as fast as I could but still some dripped from my mouth onto his balls. When I had swallowed what was in my mouth, Danny told me to clean up the rest of the mess and I eagerly licked up the cum that I had spilled. 

My cock was solid under my jeans and I wondered when or if I would get to have an orgasm; as I knelt back, Danny noticed my erection and told me that I could forget about cumming, this evening was all about his pleasure. I was a little disappointed but then again, being used like this was a massive turn-on for me. As Danny fixed himself he asked if we had handcuffs in the house, I said we did. He then told me that I was to go upstairs, strip naked and handcuff myself to the bed; he was going to finish his drink and would come up in 10 minutes. I went up to the bedroom and took off my clothes, I laid our digital camera on the bedside table in the hope that Danny was use it. I then laid on the double bed and managed to handcuff myself to the headboard as I lay there with my cock throbbing. 

Danny came into the room and started looking around and then went to the drawers where Kat had her underwear. He pulled out a pair of satin knickers and told me that I was going to be wearing them while he fucked me like the little slut I was; he slipped them on me and then picked up the camera and took some pictures of me. After that he stripped off and knelt beside my head, feeding his cock into my mouth as he leant over my body, putting his hand into the knickers and fingering my ass. I groaned in pleasure as he slipped one then two fingers into me. He straightened up and took another picture of me with his cock in my mouth and then put the camera down. 

He moved around and knelt between my legs which were spread like a cheap whore. He pulled the knickers to one side and started to push his solid cock into me. Once it was halfway in he moved over me and kissed me on the lips; he was being quite rough but this just turned me on even more. His cock went deeper into me until I could feel his balls against my ass and I wrapped my legs around his back. Danny started to thrust into me, slowly at first but after a few moments he was hammering his length up me and tonguing my mouth, occasionally biting on my lips as he fucked me with all he had. I could tell he was nearing orgasm as his breathing quickened and then with one hard thrust he groaned and I felt his cum spurting into my virgin hole. 

I clamped my legs around him, pulling him deeper, wanting every last drop of his cum in me; Danny stayed where he was until his cock stopped twitching and started to soften, at which point he pulled out of me and knelt back up, looking down at my stretched ass oozing his creamy sperm. He slipped a finger around my ass and bought it to my lips, covered in his cum. I sucked it off eagerly. Danny said I was a total cock whore and that this was the first of many fucks I was going to have that night. I didn't care, I just wanted this man to use me however he wanted, to leave me fucked and used, like the male whore I knew now that I had become.