 Recap: As I walked back in, though, I noticed that it wasn't just James in the room. Ashton was there, too.

I froze.

"A- Ashton?" I asked shakily, frozen in the doorway to James's bedroom.

He responded with those four words everyone dreads: "We need to talk."

I nodded, seemingly mute, and forced my legs to move. I dropped down onto the sofa, practically collapsing as my mind raced.

"Yeah, I'm just gonna... go... do stuff," James said awkwardly, grabbing his coat and running out the door, leaving Ashton and I alone in the apartment.

I stared up at Ashton. He was standing by the kitchen counter, leaning on it. He seemed to be thinking, and my traitorous eyes gleefully drank in his appearance. He was wearing one of those muscle shirts. I could clearly see his biceps and the outline of his abs through the white shirt. Blue jeans and a thick brown belt covered his lower area and a cross necklace dangled from his neck. His beard looked unkempt and his eyes had bags under them.

"So James tells me you are feeling rejected," Ashton broke the silence.

I bit my lip, shrugging my shoulders and nodding a bit. I felt raw and helpless. I most certainly did not want to be having this conversation with him right now. I was exposed, and I could just feel his gaze boring into me.

Ashton's eyes flickered down to my lips, and I swear I saw something flash there, but it was gone too soon for me to tell what it was.

"Well?" Ashton prompted me.

"Well?" I asked back, puzzled.

"Explain."

I hesitated, but at his glare, I quickly opened my mouth. No words came out.

I tried again. "It's just that, I kissed you."

Ashton raised an eyebrow.

"A- And, you left," I said, whimpering pitifully. I lowered my gaze as redness filled my cheeks. 

'God, why am I such a wimp?!' I internally yelled at myself.

"Let's get something straight here. We're not dating. I'm not under any obligation to fuck you."

I winced at the harshness of his words. "I get it, you don't want me. Fine," I mumbled. I forced myself up from the couch and scurried towards the door. As I was opening it, I heard a, "Wait."

Freezing, I stopped with the door half open and one arm in my coat.

"I never said that."

At my silence, he groaned. Suddenly, he spun me around, slamming the door shut.

"We're not done here," Ashton growled, and I'd be lying if I said I didn't get turned on by that.

"Sit down," he said roughly, pushing me onto the sofa and sitting next to me.

'Oh my god,' I thought, almost hyperventilating.

"So maybe I was a little bit harsh. But I don't like obligations. I'm a one-time-fuck. One night stands are the essence of college, and you can't expect any more than that from me."

"O- Okay."

"So. You have two options: we can do nothing, or we can do no strings attached, pure pleasure sex. No loving, just fucking."

The way he said 'fucking', with a slight bit of an accent, made me suck in my breath and my cock throb in my pants.

But could I do no strings attached? I hadn't even dated someone before, as embarrassing as it was to admit that. I would never tell this hot guy that. Suddenly, something reminded me.

"Why haven't you been to animation club?" I questioned him.

Ashton closed his eyes and sighed. "Has nothing to do with you," he said gruffly. I was a bit taken aback. He seemed to notice, but he didn't say anything in response. "Look, what's your number? I'll text you my address. Let me know if you want to fuck, but know that I won't be exclusive and it'll just be a one night stand."

I nodded mutely. He took my phone, entered his number, and sent me a message with his address. Before I could even register anything, he left the apartment, leaving me shocked and extremely turned on.

-

That was Thursday, and on Saturday, I stared at my phone.

'Hey Ashton, it's Thomas. Are you free tonight?' was on my screen. I hesitated, my finger hovering over the send button.

'Fuck it,' I thought, sending the message and immediately throwing the phone away from me like it was on fire. I hugged my knees as I sat on my bed. I was initially hesitant to take Ashton up on his offer, but after spending two nights dreaming of him and waking up hard and throbbing, I couldn't help but wonder what I was missing.

'Sure. Come over after eight,' he responded. It seemed a bit unusual to just plan a hook-up so brazenly like we were doing, but I knew there wasn't going to be a date or anything beforehand. 

'It would be nice to be pampered sometime,' I thought wistfully. Shaking my head, I cleared it of thoughts about romance and love. Those wouldn't be present with Ashton. 'A guy like him would never fall for a guy like me.'

At 7:50, I left my dorm room, wearing another one of my roommate's shirts and some simple jeans. I donned a hat and winter jacket; it was freezing cold. I rushed down the street to his apartment. Hesitantly, I knocked on the door, bouncing on the balls of my feet to stay warm.

Ashton opened the door, and all I could think was, 'Holy mother of Jesus, that is a sight I would gladly see every day.' He was wearing a tight t-shirt and leather jacket. Black jeans and his signature necklace just enhanced the view. He looked so incredibly hot. Sinfully sexy. 'Fuck me, please,' I thought.

"H- Hi," I stuttered out. He ushered me through the door.

Inside was warm. I shrugged off my sneakers and jacket, placing it by the door.

"Would you like something to drink?" He asked me, walking into the kitchen.

"Just some water please," I murmured, following him.

"So, before we do this," he said, filling a glass in the sink. He turned around and faced me, looking straight into my eyes. I could feel him staring into my soul. "Are you a virgin?"

I froze, blushing furiously.

"Thought so," he nodded. "Don't worry, I won't hurt you... too much. No promises." He smirked, and despite my nervousness, my cock stood to attention.

"Relax," he said, but it didn't really help. He sighed. I felt like I was just bothering him. 'Maybe I should just leave,' I thought.

"Let's watch some TV," Ashton suggested, guiding me to the couch. He pulled me down next to him on the sofa. I sat awkwardly, perched on the edge. Ashton sighed. He grabbed my hips, pulling me in closer, and turned on the TV to some random channel.

I couldn't watch the TV at all. I tried to sneak peeks at him out of the corner of my eye. I scanned his face, staring at his mouthwatering chest. He was so chiseled, so sculpted. I shifted in my seat a little uncomfortably as certain areas started to grow a bit.

I glanced back up at his eyes only to see them staring at me, twinkling in amusement a bit. I flinched, pulling away from him. He gave me a smile.

"Stare all you like. It's getting a bit hot in here, isn't it?" He stated, almost to himself as he pulled off his jacket.

I couldn't help scanning the new skin showing. 'Fuck.' He was so strong and muscular...

Suddenly, his hot mouth claimed mine. I moaned as he loomed over me on the couch and desperately tried to mimic his actions. My cock stood to attention. 

"Aah," I groaned as Ashton bit gently on my lip.

"Fuck," he said, grinding against me.

"Yes," I panted as he started kissing down my neck. "Oh god!" I whimpered.

"You like it here?" He teased me, but I couldn't even be embarrassed about it. I clumsily tried to grind against him, and he grabbed my ass, pulling it towards him. He placed my hand around his waist. I grabbed fistfuls of his shirt as licked down my collar bone and started sucking.

"Oh! Fuck! Yes!" I whimpered, trying to get even more impossibly close to him.

He leaned away from me, and I cried out at the loss of contact. His hands reached for the hem of my shirt and he swiftly pulled it over my head.

"Ohhhh," I moaned when he bent his head down and swirled his tongue against my nipple.

"I love your reactions," Ashton said, releasing it and licking my ear. "You're so responsive. I love the way you're squirming beneath me."

"Mmmm," I said, not even able to form words as I rested my head against his chest.

"Damn, all the things I want to do to you. Tell me, do you like it slow? Or how about hard and fast? I could have you up against the wall, slamming into you... You'd like that, wouldn't you? I'd have no mercy for your body. I'd fill you to the brim."

"Oh my god," I said blissfully. I was so incredibly turned on. I felt like I was going to explode any minute.

"Aw, your poor cock seems to be lacking attention," Ashton said, smirking at me. "Let me help you out there."

He reached down, slowly unzipping my jeans. His hand was careful to avoid my throbbing length. I whimpered and pushed against him, trying to get him to touch me.

"Please," I whispered.

"Please what? Stop? It'd be such a shame. You're aching so much."

"NO!" I exclaimed loudly, and Ashton chuckled at me.

"Your wish is my command."

He swooped down and my hands found my way into his hair. I tugged at it, trying to pull it closer.

"Uh uh, don't be naughty or I'll have to tie you up," Ashton scolded. I moaned with need.

"Please..."

"Please what?"

"Please... Please... Please touch me!" I screamed wantonly, so far gone that I wasn't even embarrassed.

"As you wish," he said, taking a finger and slowly drawing out against my straining length. His hands grabbed my jeans and pulled them down, leaving my boxers tented. His face was impossibly close.

"What do you want me to do? Do you want me to touch it? Stroke it? Kiss it? Maybe even lick it?" Ashton asked me, his breath caressing my dick.

"Ohhh," I groaned, the only thing I could say.

His fingers stroked me, hitting all the right spots. I arched into him.

"M... More... Please," I whimpered.

"You don't like teasing?" He asked rhetorically before slowly, torturously pulling down my boxers.

His mouth gave small kisses on the surrounding regions, sucking on my thighs and licking around my dick but never quite touching it.

"Please!"

"Please what? I don't know what you mean."

"Oh fuck. Oh! Please. Please suck me!"

His warm mouth enveloped me, eagerly licking me and sucking on my dick.

"Oh god. Yes! More! Ohhhh..." I groaned as I came, gushing over and over. I spilled into his mouth, staring down into is eyes as he sucked my dick.

"Oh..." I sighed with contentment, relaxing and passing out.