 I had been working for Jay for a couple of months doing clean up as he roofed his house. He lived a half mile up the gravel road from my parents, where I was still living so I could go to community college in the fall. I was 18, a chunky virgin, but I thought I was a pretty good worker from the small compliments Jay would give me every now and then. I was 5'6" tall with hazel eyes and hair I had been growing out to get even with my dad for the last four years since I had refused my last crew cut. My hair was a lustrous wavy brown with little curls too it that now stretched down to my shoulder blades.

I had never seen a porno movie but I had managed to get a hold of two or three porno novels, all of which were written from the female point of view. I had never really thought about it much but the descriptions of the girls in the stories learning how to service their studly men must have been working on my subconscious for a couple of years before I went to work helping Jay by cleaning up from his roofing repairs. 

Jay was a handsome guy, about ten years older than I was, he had a great paying job as an over the road truck driver but he was home for about a week out of each month taking care of his place. He had even briefly dated my older sister when I was younger, but now he was too busy driving to have a steady woman in his life.

I don't know if I was giving off some sort of signal or what, but the third week of August when I was working at his house it happened. I was a virgin and quite naive I suppose, with my baby fat face and my long hair, and my glasses always sliding down my nose. We had been working all day, it was a warm summer Thursday, and it had started to get dark.

"You shouldn't walk home alone in the dark Len, but I need to grab a quick shower before I walk you home if that's alright with you?" Jay said to me.

"That's OK Jay, I will be fine walking home alone."

"No, no, I am responsible for you Len, wouldn't want my best worker to have something happen on the way home. Come on in while I spruce up."

"Well OK if you're sure?"

"Come on." he said leading the way into his house. "Go ahead and watch TV, I will be cleaned up pretty quick," he said, heading to the back of the house.

I had been in his house plenty of times before so I didn't suspect anything, I just sat down at the end of the couch and used the remote to turn the TV on. Much to my surprise as the screen lighted up there was a naked couple in a living room, a brunette girl who was very well rounded and a studly guy. The guy was just pushing the girl down on her knees and she gasped as she came eye to eye with his hard cock.

"Looks nice doesn't it?" he asked.

"Yes..." she whispered.

"Go ahead, touch it." He ordered softly.

I was terribly excited but embarrassed and I turned the TV off quickly, getting up I went into the kitchen and got myself a glass of cold water to calm myself down. I was leaning back against the counter drinking it when Jay walked into the other side of the kitchen wearing a towel around his waist while he was drying his hair with another. Without even thinking about it I looked down to see if I could see his dick, I was wondering in my head if he measured up to the porno stud in the movie I had accidentally turned on.

That's when it happened, as I was looking down my glasses slipped right off my nose and skittered across the floor in Jay's direction. I dropped to my hands and knees and scrambled after them, without my glasses I was very nearsighted. Just as I was closing in on them Jay took a couple of quick steps forward so that his feet were closer to me on either side of my glasses. I stopped and looked up to see he had lost his towel and was straddling my glasses naked.

"You wanted to see Len, so take a good look." he ordered softly.

Oh my God, I thought, he knows I was looking at him! I tried to swallow the lump in my throat. There it was, his cock, dangling right in front of my eyes about a foot away. He was mostly soft when I looked up, but before my eyes he was swelling, getting longer and wider with each pulse beat of his heart. He was circumcised, about eight inches long and nicely proportioned, his curly blond pubic hair looked like a little nest with his cock growing out of it. I could smell him, male, subtle but somehow very masculine despite his shower.

"Looks nice doesn't it?" He asked quietly.

"Yes..." I whispered, unable to deny it. It was so strong and male, just like the descriptions I had read in those porno novels hidden under my mattress at home.

"Go ahead, touch it." he ordered softly.

"I.." I started to say I'm not a girl but the words seemed to stick in my throat.

"Its OK Lena," he said, the first time I remember him ever calling me that, "I know you want to touch me, feel how hard I am. Go ahead, touch it."

Despite myself I reached up with my left hand, trembling, grazing his skin with my finger tips. His skin was warm and felt silky, just like the stories I had read said it would. He was so much bigger than I was, at least twice as large, and his piercing blue eyes were looking down at my from his smiling face.

"Good girl," he said coaxing me, "feel how hard and warm you made me?"

"Yes.." I whispered, my head spinning. I was so confused, he knew I was a normal guy and yet he was calling me Lena, and girl, and speaking gently too me. Without thinking about it further I wrapped my fingers around his handsome cock and squeezed it, feeling how hard he was, and how warm in my hand.

"Ah Lena, that feels great. Do you like the way I feel in your hand?"

I nodded, slowly stroking my hand up and down his length, feeling his cock wiggle and pulse in my hand.

"Smell it." he ordered, in a more confident tone of voice.

I did as he ordered leaning in closer and sniffing deeply, taking in his heady masculine scent. It was indescribably erotic, the first really submissive thing I had done without thinking about it.

"Kiss it." he ordered. I almost came to my senses, but his tone triggered something deep in the back of my brain and I closed the last few inches to place a peck on the side of his cock.

"That feels nice Lena, keep doing that."

Making him feel nice seemed very important to me at that moment. I have always wondered since then how he knew it would, but somehow he did know. I kissed his beautiful cock again, and again, little pecks with closed lips from just behind the head down the bottom to his groin.

"Very good Lena," he complimented me again using his new name for me, "Now lick your way back up to the tip like you are eating an ice cream cone."

So I did, licking and swirling my tongue, tasting his maleness, his power over me. Giving myself up to please him I started performing all the tricks of fellatio I had read about girls doing for their boyfriends in my books. I swirled my tongue, and nibbled gently, and sucked softly all the way back up the bottom and sides of his cock to the head, which was spongy and silky soft, and leaking pre-cum when my lips finally surrounded the head.

"Oh Lena, you are such a good girl, a natural cocksucker." he groaned out as he finally reached out and touched me, placing his hands lightly on my head. He wound his fingers into my hair and started pumping himself into my mouth, just the head at first. My brain was swimming, but it felt so right to be serving Jay, making him feel good. I closed my eyes and tried to take more of him in on each stroke, swirling my tongue and sucking each time he pulled my head onto his cock.

"Oh yeah baby, take my big cock in your hot wet mouth. You are such a good girl Lena, take it all" Jay ordered grinding himself deeper and deeper with every thrust. I was caught up in the moment, I wanted to make him happy because he was saying such nice things. I had read about this act so many times that I knew what he wanted without thinking about it. I tried swallowing the next time he thrust in deeply and just like the stories said the spongy head of his cock slipped into my throat. It was so big I started to gag but as I did he pulled back. Then he thrust in harder and again I swallowed, letting his cock penetrate a little deeper into my throat.

"Oh yes," he growled, and started thrusting even harder. I swallowed on every down stroke and soon learned just how to time it to let him get deep in, until my nose was mashed into his pubic hair on every hard thrust. Suddenly he rammed himself all the way into and ground my nose into his pubic hair as he trembled and pulsed in my mouth and throat. I knew he was Cumming, pouring his seed down my throat sand I moaned around his cock.

"Uh uh uh uhh." he grunted thrusting a little with each spurt. Soon, too soon it seemed to me, he was spent, and slowly pulled my head back. I wanted so badly to please him I kept swallowing and suctioning, stroking the last of his seed out of his cock with my tongue as he slowly pulled me off until his head came lose with a little popping sound.

"Ah Lena, that was great." he said. "Who taught you to be such a good little cocksucker?"

I could feel myself blushing but I managed to stutter out, "I just read about it in a book I have."

"Really?" He asked surprised, "you mean you're a virgin?"

"Yes, Jay, did I do it right?"

"Oh baby girl, you did it wonderfully!" he said, helping me to my feet and leading me to the couch where he collapsed, pulling me down to sit on his lap.

He wrapped his arms around me and made me feel safe, and cared about. I leaned back into his embrace and he nuzzled the side of my neck through my hair and whispered in my ear how good I was, and how proud he was of my skill as a cocksucker.

Pulling my hair to the side he kissed and licked the nape of my neck sending shivers through my body. He told me I was pretty, and had a talented hot wet mouth, and how he was going to teach me everything I needed to know about pleasing him. And I believed him.