 He said his name was Neon. I met him in an online chat room. He seemed charming and I was horny. Its no secret, I'm a slut and I wanted to be gang raped. I agreed to meet him on a rainy Saturday night. He told me to wait beneath an underpass on a seedy end of town. I arrived at the agreed upon time wearing jeans that were so tight that nothing was left to the imagination. I'm a 26 year old bisexual. I've done quite a bit of modeling for money on the side. I'm small, about 108 pounds and 5'7 with long black hair and green eyes. I hate underwear and never wear any. My cock was outlined and lit by the orange toned street lights beneath and overcast sky. None of this mattered because when the car arrived, a window rolled down and I was told to strip naked. I followed as ordered and got in the car. A hand extended across the seat and I was commanded to hand over my clothes.

Neon was a man of about thirty, well dressed and completely refined. I felt totally vulnerable in my nudity. He took my pants and emptied my pockets. My wallet fell to the floor of his car. He told his driver to proceed. Once in motion, Neon took my clothing and dropped it out the window. He told me that I wouldn't need it where we were going.

We drove for around twenty minutes in silence. Neon told me that he wanted me hard. "Look me in the eyes and stroke yourself off," he said. I was a bit afraid but I spread my legs out across the seat and took my cock in my fist and began stroking, all the while with my eyes transfixed on his. Neon pulled out a measuring tape and placed it at the base of penis extending toward the tip. "7 inches....short but decent" he commented. Neon then reached into his pocket and pulled out a metal case. He opened it to reveal a large red pill. He told me to swallow it. I did as I was told and within minutes my vision began to cloud and I felt myself losing consciousness.

When I awoke I felt groggy, my arms were tied above my head and my feet restrained and spread across a long metal table. A single flood light poured over my face and I was unable to see anything around me. All was blackened except for the blinding light upon me. I had no clue how long I was out, but all my body hair had been removed. I felt a breeze of air hitting my freshly shaved balls and cock. I heard distant whispers in the darkness before several men in hooded robed approached me. I couldn't make out their faces. I felt scared. I feared for my life as I had no understanding of what kind of person Neon was or what kind of company he kept.

One of the robed men approached the table and began pushing it out from under me. The ropes holding my feet and arms held me in the air in place. I was afraid. I thought I was going to die. One of the robed man approached me and put his fingers to his lips signaling silence. I struggled to withhold any and all emotions as I saw him disrobe revealing his nude body and thick cock at attention.

He then lifted one leg and stepped over me. He straddled my body with his thighs rammed into my arm pits. He bent forward and told me to take it. His cock lunged into my face and I opened my mouth so he could insert inside me. I began licking his cock with my tongue and in response he pushed further against the back of my throat. I felt like I was going to gag but I smothered my gag reflex ans took it. He began pumping back and forth and I felt his head hitting the back of my throat. While this was happening, the ropes binding my legs began rising in the air lifting my legs and exposing my ass to those crowded in the darkness. My attention was fixed upon the cock penetrating my mouth, I feared any repercussions that might follow if my teeth scraped or scratched it. 

However, my attention quickly fixated on another cock that began pressing into my ass. The head of this cock felt so huge that I thought I would be ripped open. I tried to speak but the cock in my throat left me speechless as I felt a hot load of cum splash against my throat. His cock was so deep in my throat that I had no choice of whether to spit or swallow, I ingested his entire load and caressed his glistening head with my tongue as he pulled out.

My ass is small and really tight. The cock that was pushing into me was huge. There was no way it was going to fit. I managed to muster the words "you need to use lube" before another cock was thrust into my mouth. The man with the huge cock signaled another to come over, saying "the slut needs lube, I need your load." With that the man approached and jacked himself to orgasm. I felt his warm cum shot hit my ass and pour through my crack as it coated my hole. The large cock was at my door again and this time it hurt but I was able to relax my muscles enough to allow the cock aided by the prior man's cum to slip in. I continued sucking and working on the cock in my mouth but my mind was entirely focused on my ass. It hurt like hell but it also felt amazing. I felt myself growing harder. The two men both began thrusting. The man in my mouth was smaller in girth but longer in length, I found I was able to deepthroat his entire cock as he fucked my face with his balls slamming against my mouth on each thrust. I felt the large cock in my ass quiver before unleashing a large rush of cum inside me. The sensation drove me nuts and I shot my load all over my stomach. He pulled out and almost immediately another man was behind me. I had no clue how many men were in the darkness but it was clear it would be a long night. My ass hurt as I took on cock after cock. Cum streamed out of my ass spilling into a huge puddle below me. Some men who didn't want to fuck me chose instead to stoke themselves off and launch their loads onto my body and face. I was covered in cum by the time they finished with me several hours later.

The restraints that held me up were taken off and I fell to the ground in exhaustion lying in a huge puddle of cum. My hair was soaked but I didn't care. I passed out. When I came too I found myself bathed in light coming in through a window. I now could tell that I was in a warehouse. An empty warehouse. All were gone. I remained naked with no clothes in sight as I remembered that they were thrown out of the car window. My body was covered in a thick layer of crusty cum and my hair was solid. I had no clue where I was but I knew I needed to leave so I pulled myself up and limped out of the warehouse. There was an open field and nothing familiar in sight. I picked a direction and began walking, thinking someone would find me.