 I had been on the road for a long time and figured that I needed to take a break. I saw a hotel at the next exit and pulled off the interstate. It was a small town but it had a place that I could rest my body from an all day drive. As I drove to the hotel I saw a pizza place and figured that I would order one from my room. Like I said before the town was very small and looked like nothing ever happen there so I felt very comfortable. I went to the desk and asked if they had a room, which they had only one and it was around the back. I got my key and went to my room. It was a small but quiet room with a full size bed that was calling my name. The room also had a nice big shower and I was betting that I could take about an hour in the shower to relax.

I decided to call the pizza place and order some pizza and then take me shower to relax. When I called the pizza place they said that it would take about 20 to 30 min to get the pizza delivered. I hung up the phone and decided to start my shower and get out in about 20 min. I pulled my shirt off and tossed it in the floor exposing my almost hairless chest. I then kicked my shoes of and sat down on the bed to take my socks off. I then stood up and faced the mirror, which was by the bathroom. I did not think anything about the curtain being open but when I seen it was I got a stir in my pants. In the back of my mind I was thinking what if somebody was watching me take my cloths off and it was making my cock hard just thinking about it. I looked at my self in mirror and unbuttoned my pants then unzipped them letting them slowly fall down to my ankles. As I was standing there with my pants down to my ankles and no shirt on I started to stroke my cock and since I don't wear under wear I was fully exposed. It was then that I thought that I seen somebody looking in my window. I reached down and pulled my pants up and went to the window to check but nobody was there. It scared me so that I shut the curtain and stripped my pants off and jumped into the shower. 

I was in the shower for about 15 min then I heard knocking on my door. I thought that I had more time but I had to get out and pay for the pizza. I grabbed a towel and put it around my waist. I was still a little bit wet and holding the towel with one hand. I open it to see the pizza guy holding my order. He was in his early thirties and about 5ft 9 and average body size. He told me the price for the pizza and I said hold on a few seconds and I would get the money. Now mind you the towel was very small and it did not cover very much. I was fighting try to keep it closed but it was not long enough to wrap around me so there was a gap. I turn my back to him and get my money and drop one side of the towel exposing my white bottom. I did not do it on purpose so I bent down to pick it up.

I could feel him looking at my ass and naked body. I was feeling a stir under the towel it was my cock getting hard. I heard him say something about me getting caught with my pants down. It did not dawn to me that he might have been talking about before my shower. I thought he was just making small talk and kidding around but I was not sure. He told me that I did not need to give him a tip since I had gave him so much of a show. I turned around and was going to hand him the money at the door but he was already in the room. Some how he closed the door with out me hearing it at all. I was getting worried and scared about this situation. He handed the pizza box to me and then I realized that he had a pistol in his hand pointing at me. 

Now here I am in a towel and nothing else so what am I going to do? I am 32 years old, 6 ft and around 200 pounds and plus I am looking at a gun. I told him that I would give him all the money that I had just don't hurt me. He looks at me and looks down at my towel. He can see my cock hanging out the side and he tells me to let go of the towel. I let go and it falls to the floor. He tells me to turn around and face the mirror like I was doing earlier. Play with that cock and get it hard like it was earlier. At that time I realized he was watching me earlier. I start to stroke myself and I was getting hard. I could see him on the side of me waving the gun at me tell me to get ready to pay for the pizza. 

After a few moments of watching my hard cock he tells me to get on my knees and turn toward him. I start to protest but he waves the gun at me and tells me that he would not think twice about killing me. So I do as I am told and there I am on my knees in front of him. He tells me to undo his pants and pull his cock out. I have never done anything like that before so I did it slow and unbutton his pants and pull the zipper down. He shifted his legs and his pant fell down to his ankles. I grab the waistband of his briefs and pull them down over his cock, which sprang out at me hitting me in the face. He puts the gun to my head and tells me to stroke his cock. He was around 7 inches long and hard as a rock. Slowly I reach up and grab his cock. I begin to pump fast thinking that if I can make him cum it would all be over. He taps me on my head with the gun and tells me to slow down. 

I look up at him with real anger but I slow down and stroked him slowly. He let me continue for a several moments. Then he says to me," You are good. Nice touch. I was seriously considering letting you off with a hand job but then remembering the way you looked in the mirror earlier changes my mind. Besides you know, you have a lovely mouth. Nice full soft looking lips."

He tells me to suck his cock or he would blow my fucking brains out. He pushed the gun to my head and pressed my face towards his cock. He let me suck for a few minutes then took hold of my head and held it down onto his cock and began to fuck my mouth with pumping movements of his hips. He was making me gag and choke with every pump of his hips. He was getting faster and there was a salty taste in my mouth that I think it was precum so he was getting close to cumming. But then pushed me back and regained his composure.

He then tells me to get up on the bed and lay on my front side. So I turn to the bed and look around the room wanting to run but there was no place to go. I was on the bed face down and he was behind me getting on the bed. He parted my thighs with his knees and I could feel his cock laying in the crack of my ass. Then he took my wrists and held them at the small of my back, I heard a click and I was handcuffed. 

I could fee his cock at the entrance of my ass. It felt so HUGE against my tight anus I thought he would literally split me in two. I struggled helplessly against the restraints as panic began setting in. He began pushing hard against me, and the pain flashed through me as the big head of his cock penetrated my virgin ass. I screamed out loud in pain! I began begging him to take it out but he said that I had to pay for the food. My ass began spasming violently against his invading cock. The pain was so intense, unlike any I have ever felt! I begged, please, take it out, it hurts, it really hurts. You're too big! You'll really damage me! 

He just smiled and said, your ass feel so hot around my cock! I am going to fuck your beautiful hot sexy bottom with every inch of my cock and you're going to learn to take every inch of it up that hot tight virgin ass of yours. With that he began forcing his cock deeper and deeper into my ass sending unbelievable pain shivering through my body. I could feel his huge cock disappear inch by inch into my ass. He sank every inch of his thick cock into me tearing me apart. I felt like I was going to be split in two! I could feel him in the middle of my stomach as he impaled his huge cock mercilessly into my body, violating me and sodomizing me completely. I was stretched and filled to the limit. Please I am begging you. Please stop, it hurts so bad! He ignored my cries of pain and began gripped my hips hard and thrusted deeper into me. 

He began pulling out half way only to trust back deeper and harder in to my bowels. Pain ripped through me with each thrust as he fucked my ass without restraint. I could feel him hitting my insides deep within my belly. I cried helplessly with each thrust of his cock hoping my torment would end soon. He fucked my ass for what seemed like an eternity. The intense pain in my ass subsided to a throbbing burning pain but each thrust still caused sharp flashes of pain deep within me where the head of his cock was battering deep within my belly gaining entrance to recesses far within my body. After what seemed like an eternity he began jack hammering into my bowels causing me to scream out again in pain and I felt him beginning to cum. 

He unleashed what seemed like endless streams of cum deep within my defiled bowels. He gripped my arms hard as his body tensed in orgasm. I could feel his cum filling my bowels, spurt after spurt of his seed. When his orgasm finally subdued, he collapsed on top of me and whispered into my ears how great it was and how sexy hot and erotic my ass was. He slowly withdrew his cock from my tortured ass leaving me dilated hurt and exposed. He left me tied up and exposed there on the bed. He told me that was the best ass he ever had and would love to get it again. I was too hurt to respond. Then he said he had all my information and he would find me easy so not to say anything about this to anyone or I would get it worse. He handed me the keys to the handcuff and left.