 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

Author's note: I've received numerous comments and feedback regarding the guy-on-guy portions of this tale. I'm expanding my horizons as a writer and I want to see what I can do with other genres. Bisexuality has been mentioned throughout the story, and was implied when I, myself, received the phone call described in Chapter 1, almost 26 years ago. I did not act on it, but I have always wondered. 

This chapter will focus on a lust filled morning between David, Kyle, Tyler and Brad. There are no major plot developments with respects to the main story in this chapter. If you're not interested in reading about men making love with one another, please wait for Chapter 6. To regular readers in the Gay Male section, please bear with me, I'm learning. 

Wednesday, June 10, 1992, Morning:

I woke up the next morning and realized I'd never heard Mom come home. My alarm clock read almost 7, so she hadn't woken me before she left for work, either. I walked to the living room and looked out the window. Her Honda was parked in the drive way. As I walked back through the kitchen, I saw she'd left a note on the kitchen table.

'Brad,

Stayed late. Another girl covering day shift for me.

Mom'

I read the note a couple of times before I crumbled it up and threw it in the trash can. She was really avoiding me. Why couldn't I have left things alone?

After a quick shower, I grabbed my work clothes and headed to the Bennett's. Richard's Mercedes was in the drive-way, running. He must be leaving for work, I thought. As I prepared to knock on the door, it opened and Richard appeared, dressed in a shirt and tie.

"Morning, Brad," he said.

"Morning sir," I replied. "Not working today?"

"Yes, I'm working, but we have a big meeting with administration today," he said. I could see from his lack of enthusiasm what he thought.

"Sorry," I offered.

"Comes with the territory, I'm afraid. Please come in. The guys are in the pool," he said.

Uh oh, I thought to myself. Were Tyler and Kyle here? I followed Richard inside the house.

"Please make yourself at home. See you, Brad," Richard said, grabbing his suit coat.

"Yes sir, thanks," I replied as he left.

I walked through the large house to the back-patio door. I peered through the glass and saw the three guys in the pool. They were wrestling with one another and were all completely naked. I stood there hesitantly. What I'd done on Saturday with Kami and David was one thing. This was going to be something totally different. Was I prepared for this? I remembered what Kami had said that day. It was just making love. As I watched the wrestling in the pool, I noticed that it was much more intimate than just horseplay. My mouth fell open when David embraced the blond-headed guy, kissing him lustily. The dark-haired guy joined the embrace and soon the three of them were kissing one another. My cock betrayed me as I watched them. I felt it begin to stiffen. My hand went to it and I stroked it through my cotton gym shorts. I hadn't bothered with briefs. I heard high heels on the tile behind me and I turned to see Angie. She looked gorgeous in a purple dress and tan nylons.

"Well, what do we have here," she said with a devilish grin.

"Sorry, I was just...," I said, not knowing what to say.

"Are you nervous," she asked, as she walked up to me.

"Yeah, a little bit," I replied.

"Bradley, there's no need to be. It's just making love," she said. She looked out the glass window at the trio in the pool. She smiled at the sight. "You're young, there's no harm in experimenting."

"I've never thought about guys like that, I love Kami-," I tried to explain.

"Baby, you're here this morning, though," she said. "You knew Kami was gone. Everything doesn't have to be black and white, Bradley. If you enjoy sharing intimate pleasure with another man, there's nothing wrong with that. I know society often portrays that men should only make love with women, but society also says that the love my family shares is wrong."

"I know Angie, this was a bit of a surprise this morning. I've loved everything I've shared with all of you," I said.

"I'm sure you thought it would just be you and David. He probably should have been more upfront with you about that," she added.

"I might have backed out, though," I replied with smile.

"Perhaps," she smiled. She put her arms around my neck and kissed me. When she broke our kiss, I was fully erect and it was pressed against her abdomen. Her head turned back to watch the guys in the pool. "I wish I didn't have to go to the office. You and I would go join that little party in the pool. I've never seen them together like this. Tyler and Kyle are pretty shy."

"Yeah, I know," I smiled.

She stroked my cock through my shorts as she kissed me again. "It's up to you baby. I know Kami would be very envious. She feels like she's left out, because the guys won't express themselves in front of her. That meant a lot to her Saturday."

"I know it did," I replied.

Angie slowly began to undress me. Her hands ran over my bare chest and shoulders. Soon they were inside my shorts, working my manhood. She pushed them to the floor, as her lips continued to sweetly torment mine.

"Okay, okay, I'll go out there," I said, jokingly.

"Good, I think you'll enjoy yourself," she said. "It's just fun and pleasure. Find out what you enjoy in life, baby. I enjoy making love to women, but I still prefer a hard cock, any day," she squeezed mine for emphasis. She gave me a final kiss, before she grabbed her purse and car keys. "Have fun," she smiled.

"I will. Have a good day," I said.

"You too," she replied with a sexy smile.

I turned back to see that the action in the pool had turned up a few levels. The blonde guy was sitting on the wall on the far side of the pool. David and the other dark-haired guy were taking turns sucking his hard cock. I slipped off my sneakers and socks before I swung the patio door open and walked out under the large pergola. The blond guy looked up.

"Hey. You must Brad," he called. "I'm Kyle." David and the other guy turned to see me.

"That must make you Tyler," I asked. He nodded and I walked around the edge of the pool to where the Kyle was seated. As I walked, three sets of eyes never looked away from me. There were a few grins but none of them said anything, until I stopped next to Kyle.

"You weren't kidding, David," Kyle said. "He's got an amazing body." Kyle's hand touched my thigh and moved upwards. I flinched slightly, but as his hand moved up, I felt my body relax. He took my balls in his hand and rubbed them softly. I felt someone take my left hand and realized Tyler was pulling me down to the edge of the pool. I sat down with my calves in the water, as Tyler moved between my legs to stroke my cock. He looked up at me, smiling.

"It's beautiful," Tyler said.

I glanced to my right to see David and Kyle watching. Tyler took me in his mouth and I turned back to watch him. Damn, it was great I thought, as he took me ever deeper. My second blow job from a guy was not the eye-opening experience that my first had been, but I was still wary of the situation. I was with three guys that I hardly knew. They were obviously very familiar with one another. What were they expecting of me? How far was I prepared to go?

I watched as David waded through the water and pushed himself up on the side of the pool, where he sat on my left. Tyler left my cock and quickly engulfed David. I was disappointed by Tyler's departure, but a hand grabbed me and started stroking. I watched as Kyle jumped in the water and started sucking my needy cock.

David looked over, "Are you okay, man?"

"Yeah, I think so."

"Good, I don't want you to be uncomfortable with anything," he said.

"So far, so good," I replied with as much calm as I could muster.

He leaned over towards me, and I knew what was going to happen. He saw the look on my face and hesitated. I simply nodded and his lips touched mine. Our tongues met and I found myself kissing David just as passionately as with his sister and mother. A week ago, I could've never have imagined that. Absolutely crazy I thought to myself.

Kyle was a very eager cocksucker and worked my meat for all he was worth. I leaned back with my hands on the concrete patio, as David continued to kiss me. His aggressiveness took my breath away and made my cock throb. I realized that despite my earlier trepidation, I was really enjoying myself. I wasn't inherently attracted to other guys, but I was quickly learning that pleasure was available along many paths in life.

Kyle's hands moved up my thighs to my abs. I turned away from David briefly and watched as Kyle's hot mouth moved on my cock. It felt so good. His hands continued up to my chest and I felt him play with my nipples. He twisted them hard, just as David kissed me again. The pleasure and pain of Kyle's fingers caused my hips to thrust upwards. He dutifully sucked me deeper. I thought back to my nervousness of just 10 minutes before, and shook my head.

Kyle took his mouth off my cock momentarily, "I want to suck a load out of you, man."

I could only nod. I felt him push my right leg up so that my foot was resting on the side of the pool. He played with my hanging balls as he sucked me. His other hand was poking around my ass cheeks. It reminded me of what I'd done with Kami's little butt a few days prior. Kyle found my pucker and his finger lightly twirled around it, massaging and exploring. All the while, his mouth moved up and down on my cock like a piston in an engine. I felt him focus on the opening and just the tip of his finger entered me.

"Ahh," I gasped. I looked at David and he smiled.

"Feels good, huh," David asked.

"Yeah man, it does, I didn't expect that today," I panted.

"You still okay," he asked.

"Yeah, I am, I never thought-."

"Dude, it's okay. This is not going to make you anything different. We're just having fun," he said.

I thought about what he said and let it go. I was enjoying myself, nothing more.

"We really should go inside," Tyler suggested.

"Yeah, you're right, before things go any further," David laughed. Tyler and Kyle hopped out of the pool and we all walked to the house. They were thin like David, and I assumed they must be runners, too. They had nice looking cocks, I thought. I smiled to myself, as I realized how much things had changed in the last week.

We walked upstairs to David's room. He had a big bed like Kami, but also a couch and chair in his room. He spread a couple towels on the couch before he took a seat. Tyler knelt between his legs. Kyle sat next to David and I stood there watching as Tyler's mouth started working David's shaft. Kyle stroked his own cock as he watched. He turned and looked at me longingly. I didn't hesitate and knelt on the carpeted floor. He offered his cock to me and I took him in my mouth. I was more comfortable since it was my second time, but also because he wasn't as big as David was. Kyle was probably about 7 inches and not as thick. I enjoyed being able to take more of him in my mouth. Practice makes perfect, I thought to myself.

I moved my lips up and down, trying to mimic what I enjoyed. I loved the sensation of manhood moving in and out of my mouth. I moaned like Kami and Angie did as I sucked him. He seemed appreciative and groaned in pleasure as he held my head. I noticed movement to my right and saw that David had gotten up, allowing Tyler to lay on the couch on a towel. Tyler laid his head against Kyle's hip. David took Tyler's thick six inches in his mouth and slowly sucked him. Tyler gasped in pleasure and I moved to kiss him. For something so new, I found I loved kissing these guys, just as much as kissing Kami and Angie. It was so passionate. I wondered about kissing Richard.

Kyle was getting impatient with me abandoning his throbbing cock. He rubbed it against my face and neck as I kissed Tyler. I looked up at the blond guy and smiled.

"You getting anxious," I said.

"Yeah man, you were doing great for a newbie," he grinned. I grabbed him by the root and stuffed my mouth with his hard meat, once again. He groaned and leaned his head back on the couch.

"Oh, yeah, suck that fucking cock, Brad," he moaned.

Hearing him say that made my own cock throb. I reached down to take it in my hands and stroke it. I wanted to get him off so bad. I kept noticing motion to my right. I moved on my knees so that I could have a better view of what David was up to, while I continued sucking Kyle. David reached into an end table next to the couch, and pulled out a big jar of Vaseline. Things were quickly going further than I imagined. Was David going to fuck Tyler in the ass? David resumed sucking Tyler as I watched him grease his fingers. Tyler drew his legs back against his chest partially blocking my view. After just a few minutes, I saw David using an in and out motion. He was finger fucking him I thought.

David smeared more Vaseline on Tyler's backdoor and kept up the finger fucking. Tyler was panting, obviously enjoying the stimulation of David's mouth and fingers. David paused and reached back inside the table. He pulled out a pair of dildos. Things had gotten very intense. I stopped sucking Kyle's cock and moved over so I could see better. I was eager to learn about this. Kyle knelt over Tyler's head and the dark-haired guy quickly started sucking him.

I stared in fascination as David greased up the first dildo. He placed it at Tyler's pucker and pushed gently. There was a little resistance at first, but suddenly it slid in about six inches deep. Tyler moaned around Kyle's cock. David slowly fucked him with the dildo, and kept applying Vaseline.

"You have to use lots of lube," David smiled. "Especially for a big cock like yours."

"Man, I'm not that much bigger than you," I scoffed.

"A bit," he smiled. "You want to try it?"

"Yeah, sure," I said. I took his place and he handed me greasy dildo. It looked surprisingly clean. I'd expected, well, you know.

"He gave himself an enema," David said. He'd obviously noticed my curiosity. I nodded and smiled.

Following David's advice, I greased the dildo again. Tyler's hole looked to be gaped open slightly. I pushed the dildo inside him and fucked him slowly. His cock stood up straight and I leaned down to suck it, causing him to moan around Kyle's cock once again.

"He's probably ready for the bigger one now," David suggested. I nodded and picked it up. It felt like a lifeless replica of my own cock. I quickly smeared Vaseline all over it, before I placed the tip at Tyler's entrance. There was a little resistance, and he flinched slightly, before I felt him relax.

"Just go slow, man," Tyler reminded me. I nodded and pushed lightly. I watched as he stretched and the thick head slipped inside him. He moaned loudly. "That's it man. Mmmm."

I continued to push slowly until I had most of the 8 inches of the dildo inside him. I worked it in and out of him, and he seemed to loosen more with each thrust.

David reached for the Vaseline and I saw Kyle kneel on the floor next to the couch, resting his chest on the seat cushion. I fucked Tyler with the dildo, as I watched David prepare Kyle. It was sexy watching the look on Kyle's handsome face as David's fingers probed his friend's ass. I looked at Tyler and he nodded.

"I'm ready, man. If you want," he said. He wanted me to fuck his ass. I'd never imagined doing anything like that, but my cock twitched at the thought. I wanted to fuck him. I wanted to experience everything with them. David handed me the jar of Vaseline as I stood up from the floor. I grabbed a big fingerful and greased up my cock.

"Give it to me, man. I've been dying to feel your big cock ever since David told us about you," Tyler groaned, as he watched me rub the Vaseline up and down my shaft. He was slowly working the dildo in out of his ass. I knelt on the couch, and pulled the dildo out of him. I laid it on the towel next to Tyler. I knew Kyle would be getting that one stuffed up his tight ass next. I lined my cock up with Tyler's tight hole and pushed slowly. I encountered some resistance and pulled back.

"Man, it's okay, you're just really thick, let me get used to it," Tyler said. He reached down between us grabbed my cock. I took his ankles in my hands, keeping them pushed forwards. He pulled my cock slowly towards him, and I felt the head begin to stretch him. I watched for signs that I was hurting him, but he had his eyes closed. The pressure suddenly increased and then pop, the head was inside him.

"Mmmm," he groaned. He continued pulling my cock and little by little, I eased in his tight ass. It was certainly a thrill. It felt like nothing I'd ever experienced. I tried to formulate my thoughts, as to how it felt, but I couldn't. That would have to come later. He stopped pulling when the hand he had wrapped around my cock met his ass. He put his hands on the back of his knees again.

"Just go slow, Brad. Let me get used to it, okay," he said.

"Sure, man," I replied. "Just tell me, I'm pretty new to this."

He laughed, "I know, me too, we haven't been doing this very long."

I pulled my cock out slowly before pushing it back in. His ass squeezed my cock like a vise.

"Oh man, it's so tight," I groaned.

"Yeah, it is. You're bigger than you think you are," he said. "Mmmm, that's it. Fuck me man. Nice and slow. You've got to try this, soon."

I just nodded. What was it like? I looked down and Tyler was still as stiff as a metal post. His cock oozed precum. It had to feel good. I wondered what Kami would think of this? And why wouldn't they do this with her there? She seemed eager to experience it.

I slowly sawed my cock in and out of his ass as I watched David squat down behind Kyle. David's hands pulled the blond guy's ass cheeks apart, and I watched David's cock slip inch by inch up his friend's ass. Kyle was resting his head on his arms on the couch. He had a smile on his face as he watched me fuck Tyler slowly next to him.

"You like it," Kyle asked me.

"Yeah man, I do," he said. "I never thought of this before."

"It's okay. Neither had we, until a few weeks ago. It feels great though, doesn't it?"

"Yeah, it does," I agreed.

David was fucking Kyle slow and deep. The moans from the four of us filled the room. It was so different to hear the passionate sounds of fucking, but only from male voices. I had to admit it was pretty fucking hot.

David and Kyle changed positions. David sat back on the couch and Kyle squatted on him in the reverse cowgirl (cowboy, I corrected myself) position. Kyle put his hands on the back of the couch and slowly lowered himself on David.

"Unnnnngggg," he groaned. He started riding David and his hard cock was flopping up and down. That was such a sexy sight watching it flop as he rode David. Tyler said he wanted to be on top, too. I sat back and he stood on the couch, preparing to mount me. I took his thick six inches in mouth and sucked him, greedily enjoying the precum that flowed from him like a faucet.

"Oh, man, that's really good," he groaned. He held my head and I felt him slowly start to fuck my face. That was another new thrill. I barely kept from gagging, but it was hot feeling him do that. He pulled his cock away from me and squatted on my hard shaft. He was in control and his pace was quicker. It was driving me crazy as he leaned in and kissed me hard. I held his hips as he fucked me. I could feel my orgasm coming quickly. He was going to make me cum!!

"Oh, man," I moaned.

"Do it, fill me up," he groaned, knowing what I was feeling.

"Uhhh, ohh, I'm cumming," I moaned, as my cock erupted in his bowels. He kept fucking me until he was sure I was empty. He stood back up and offered me his still rock-hard cock. I took him in my mouth and sucked him like there was no tomorrow. He had been on edge the entire time and it didn't take long. I felt the first spurt hit my tongue and he soon filled my mouth. I'd tasted myself a lot in the preceding week, but it had always been mixed with the taste of a woman.
