 This happened back in my partying days, so you could say it was quite a ways back. I'd attended a party at a friend's place. They always threw the best parties. And I'd seen literally everything happen there. For example, I watched one of my best friends sisters strip down and take on every willing guy there one night. So something unusual and kinky always happened there. 

This one surprised me though. The party was over, and for once my friends and I didn't get lucky. That was unusual in itself. This was the first time I could remember not ending up in bed with someone by the nights end. 

I walked into their family room, and was met by a sight that caught my interest right away. Perry and John were there, and porn was playing on the TV. We were all 19 and very horny, as usual. So I sat down to watch with them. 

Everything was normal for a few minutes, then I noticed both of them were stroking themselves through their pants. That's when I thought, fuck it. So I joined them, jacking my cock through my jeans. This went on for quite a while, until Perry stood up and said,

"Fuck this. I'm getting more comfortable."

And he slipped out of his jeans and shirt, sitting there just his underwear. I checked him out, and he looked good with a nice bulge in those tight white shorts. I was a bit surprised to John check him out, but didn't think anything of it. Then John followed suit. 

They didn't say anything to me, but a few minutes later I stripped down too. I figured what the hell, why not?

So there we sat, stroking hard cocks and watching the action on the screen. Then the real action started. 

Perry looked over at John, stood up and slid off his underwear. John's eyes went a little wide at that, and I saw him looking right at Perry's exposed cock. He was still staring at it when Perry sat down next to him. I could see their legs touching, and Perry started stroking for real then. I could see John was fascinated by the show right next to him, and it wasn't long before John copied his actions. They were both watching the movie still, but I was ignoring the screen. I preferred to see what would happen between my friends. That was the show I wanted to see. 

It didn't take long before things kicked up a notch. Perry and John were talking glances at each other while they jerked, and I remember thinking this could get interesting. It didn't take long before it did. 

Perry looked over at John and said,

"I've got an idea. Have you ever played with another guys cock?"

"Hell no. I'm not gay!"

Ah, there it was. The wonderful teen guy macho crap. Perry laughed at that. 

"I'm not either. But now and then, there's nothing wrong with friends helping each other out."

John thought about that, until finally Perry said,

"Let me show you what I mean."

He reached over, and took John's cock in his hand. When he started stroking it gently, John moaned. 

"See what I mean?"

"Yeah, I do. Damn that feels good. It's like a strange hand on my cock."

Perry giggled. 

"It is a strange hand on your cock. So it feels good?"

"It feels great."

"Then how about helping me out? I could use a hand too."

That obviously struck John the right way, because he did just that. I was treated to the sight of my two friends sitting there stroking each other's cock. That got me going even more, and I slipped off my shorts, jerking my hard cock as I watched. 

They were obviously getting into it. They'd stopped watching the screen, and I noticed they were staring at each other's cock as they stroked. Finally Perry looked at John and said,

"I've got an idea. Close your eyes and sit back with your legs spread."

John did just that, and I was shocked to see what Perry did next. 

He stood up, and got down on his knees in front of John. Then he leaned forward, and sucked John's cock right into his mouth. I just about came all over my hand right then. The scene was that hot, and something I'd never seen before. I could see John's shaft disappear into Perry's mouth, then slide back out, shiny and wet. 

"Oh my fucking God, that feels fantastic."

Perry just nodded, and kept on sucking. He was obviously going for a mouthful of cum, and I didn't figure it would take too long. It didn't, and I saw John tense, then say,

"Oh man, I'm gonna cum!"

Perry just kept sucking, showing him it was ok. Mike's head fell back, and I could tell he was filling Perry's hot mouth with cum. Perry was obviously a bit more experienced at this than he'd led on; he swallowed it all. I could see him gulping that hot sticky load down. Finally he stopped, and let John's cock slip out of his mouth. He looked at John said,

"Well, how was it?"

"That was fantastic! It was easily better anything I've ever gotten from a girl."

Perry smiled at that. He was standing in front of John when he said,

"I'm glad you liked it. How about helping me out now?"

His cock was right in front of John's face at that point. John stared at it for a minute, and then said,

"Why not?"

I watched him lean forward, and take his first cock into his mouth. Perry was patient with him, and soon John was taking his entire length with every stroke. I watched Perry's hips flex, and saw his cock sliding in and out of John's mouth. Just like John, it didn't take long for him to cum. That surprised John, but he went with it. He tried his best, and managed to swallow most of the load. But he gagged a little, and lost some. It was actually a turn on watching the cum run out of his mouth. 

Perry sat down then, and John obviously had some feelings to deal with. He got dressed quickly, and left leaving me with Perry. 

I looked at Perry and said,

"Damn man, that was really fucking hot. Tell me something."

"What's that?"

"You've done that before haven't you?"

Perry looked a little sheepish. 

"Yeah, I have. I just get in the mood now and then to experiment. Sometimes it gets pretty wild."

"Define wild."

And I sat back stroking my cock waiting for him to go on. 

"Well, sometimes I just like to suck and swallow. Lots of times that's what I want. Then sometimes, I run into someone that wants to make out. Kissing a guy is really interesting. Then sometimes, well, let's just say I'm up for more."

"More? Now you've got my attention. Tell me about that."

He looked at me for a moment, then went on. 

"One time I was with this guy. He invited me over specifically for fun. The next thing I knew, he was face down and my cock was sliding up and down his ass. Then he told me what he wanted. He wanted me to fuck him."

"Did you?"

"Yeah I did. I was so turned on, I just went for it right there."

"How was it?"

"Man, it was great. His ass was so tight, I came really fast. It didn't end there though. That made me wonder. You know, what it was like to get fucked like that."

"There's got to be more to this story."

"There is. You know that adult bookstore in Goshen?"

"Yeah..."

"I went there. They have gloryholes there. That's where I practiced sucking cock. I sucked off strangers there all the time. Anyway, one night I went in there and waited. Finally someone came in, and I bent over showing them my ass. When a big cock came through the hole, I knew I was going to get fucked. So I lubed my ass up, and backed up to the hole. I can't describe the feeling as that big cock slid into me. It didn't hurt as much as I thought would, and soon I was into it and it felt great! And when he came? Oh my God!"

I was rock hard listening to my friends describe his adventures. He obviously loved it. 

"Tell me about it. When he came."

"He slammed into my ass one final time, felt this hot feeling, and I knew he was coming. I could feel it fill my ass. I almost shot all over the floor right there."

There was no way I could even touch my cock at that point. I was going to cum if I did. Perry knew that, and asked,

"Can I take care of that for you?"

"Be my guest."

He didn't even use his hands. He just leaned over and slammed my cock down his throat. That was all it took for me. I blasted his mouth and throat with cum right then and there. I watched him swallow my load, then he continued sucking. 

When he was sure I was good and hard again, he asked me,

"Would you like to try more?"

"I would. What would you like?"

He bent over the arm of the couch, looked back at me and said,

"Want to fuck my ass?"

Right then and there, I knew I did. 

"I'd love to."

I walked up behind him, and he got a small tube out of his pocket.

"Use this lube. Then fuck me anyway you want."

That fit my personality perfectly. I lubed myself up, and then slowly slid into his tight ass. The feeling was incredible, and his moans showed he was enjoying it too. I watched my cock disappear into his ass, then we fucked hard and fast. I fucked my buddy until I could feel it coming on, then I told him,

"I'm gonna cum in that hot ass."

He just slammed back against me harder, taking my entire length until I erupted again, this time deep inside him. 

"Oh my fucking God! That feels fantastic."

We collapsed in a sweaty pile then, both of us catching our breath. After a while I said,

"Do be a favor. Tell me when you're going to the bookstore again."

"Why?"

"Because, the next time you do, I want to go along. And maybe I'll experiment some on my own."

The next Saturday night, we were there. And after watching him suck and fuck a bunch of anonymous cocks, I took on a few myself.