 Most weekends I go down to Hong Kong – I've got a "Fuck Buddy" there who's also into piss play. He's a very hot flight attendant and Asian like me. We're not exclusive – both of us play with others and I'm also in a long term relationship back home (Australia).

My buddy is new to Watersports – I'm the only person he's done this with. He's told me that he's recently talked about piss play with a lot of guys he knows locally and one guy was really interested. He and I had already arranged to meet for fun together at his apartment last Saturday – but he phoned me and asked if I was Ok with the guy he'd met coming along as well for a threesome.

I love group sex and watersports – but wasn't that keen. I usually prefer older white guys - my buddy is an exception – but at least he's round the same age as me. From what my buddy said – the guy he'd met was a "Boy" – only just old enough and rather "girly". Not the sort of guy I usually go for and I was worried it would spoil our fun having a guy there with the two of us who I didn't really fancy.

But – having only had sex with guys before – I became bi-sexual around two years ago – so thought maybe it might be worth trying. Also I know when I'd first got hooked on watersports how difficult it was finding other guys - in a few months I'll be back in Australia and I'd like for my buddy to meet local guys in HK who like piss as well.

We'd arranged that I'd get to my buddy's apartment before the "boy" arrived. I've had bad experiences with "blind dates"/internet hook-ups – did rather wonder if he'd even show up. I tried to get a better idea from my buddy what the boy was like. Seems he'd said he had no experience in watersports – was mostly a bottom but Top occasionally.

While we were waiting my buddy and I started to make out – both having trouble with busting to piss (much easier to hold it back with an erection). We took of our tops and socks – still kept our jeans on. We agreed that we'd both try to give the boy a good time – but not piss in his mouth or do anything he might find Yuk.

We were kissing and playing with each others nipples and bulges when the doorbell went. My buddy let him in – gave him a light kiss on the cheek. The boy is stunningly beautiful in a feminine sort of way – fairly long hair dyed sandy blonde – long eyelashes but also quite thick dark eyebrows – rather androgynous facial features. He's a bit taller than both of us - was wearing lose white shorts and white singlet – quite hairy legs for an Asian guy.

It felt like a sort of sexual chemistry between the three of us – I could see his eyes scanning us both – flicking between our faces, naked chests and the very obvious erections in our jeans. I noticed him starting to get an erection in his shorts – he took his shoes off and my buddy put them by the door - introduced me and we kissed each other on the cheek.

We stood next to his kitchen area and my buddy got us all drinks – I handed round half a Viagra tablet each. The conversation was a bit awkward at first – We talked mostly about sex – what we liked doing etc. After a while I asked him if he'd ever played with piss before? He looked a bit shy – said he'd done it on his own when younger – still almost always peed in the shower.

I asked him if he used to do it in his pants? – he said that sometimes in underpants. I smiled at my buddy – and said so never in Jeans? I looked down – I relaxed just enough to be able to stop after only doing a small spurt of piss – enough to make a small dark spot. I love pissing my pants with others looking anyway – also wondered if he'd find watching me do it hot.

The boy's eyes were fixed on my pants – the ache in my penis was building - I moaned – loving the feeling of relief and the hot piss on my skin – though stopped myself quickly to not use too much. My buddy said that I was just "showing off" - the boy obviously had no pants on under his shorts – started stroking his tent – said how it looked amazing.

My buddy and I stood either side of the boy – licking and kissing his ears and neck. Then taking it in turns to also lightly kiss his lips. My buddy helped him take his top off – we started playing with his nipples as well and stroking his skin. A few times he moaned softly and closed his eyes. He's got beautiful smooth pale skin – while my buddy kissed him I licked his armpit – caressing his back and teasing his nipple.

My penis was aching and quite uncomfortable in my jeans – while I was licking his nipple I undid my pants and took them off. I took over kissing him open mouthed and rubbed my penis against his side while my buddy took off his jeans. The boy reached down and fondled my balls then felt my penis. I heard my buddy moan so I guess the boy was doing the same with his other hand.

We took turns kissing the boy – we sort of synchronised both stoking the inside of the boys legs. We moved further up inside the lose legs of his shorts touching his balls with the tips of our fingers.

I stood back and my buddy joined me – I loved the hungry way the boy was looking at both our naked bodies then reached out and stroked our erections. He hurriedly pulled down his shorts - his penis sprung almost straight up. He's uncut – pubic hair completely shaved - a bit smaller penis than my buddy and I - but bigger, darker balls than either of us. I could tell he liked being admired – he stroked his penis and grinned at us.

He has a really perfect body – very smooth above his legs but quite masculine and more hairy lower down – very erotic contrast to his rather feminine face. He turned around to show us his very sexy smooth bubble butt.

I'd forgotten any worry that I might not fancy him – I reached out and stroked his ass – I felt a really strong urge to touch him and taste him with my mouth – felt my balls grow tighter. Facing us again he said how hot we both looked – my buddy fondled the boy's balls saying how big they were while I stroked both their penises.

My buddy and I moved back either side of him – both of using one hand to stroke his ass and the other to stroke his balls and penis or play with his nipple. All three of us took turns kissing – either my buddy or I kissing the boy or leaning across in front of him to kiss each other.

I pulled back the boys foreskin – he sighed – his penis head was wet with pre-cum and I moved round more to his front and held my penis against his. My buddy joined in so all three of us were rubbing our penises against each other. I felt both of their balls – the boys now felt harder and pulled up more. He groaned and moved his legs wider apart and started to slowly masturbate my penis while I played with my buddy's.

My buddy moaned and moved my hand away – then he said to lets have another drink. While we stood drinking I loved looking at both of them – their bodies really aroused – hard nipples and penises twitching. My balls were aching and my penis throbbing with lust and bursting to piss. The boy told us about a gay Asian piss website he'd paid to join – I told him I'd occasionally masturbated looking at the non members part of this. The boy told us that he usually mostly only looked at porn sites at college – didn't have much privacy at home and shared a bedroom with his brother.

The boy said he thought about the watersports porn he'd seen most times he masturbated – in the morning and evening he usually did it in the shower pissing on himself after. He also loved doing it in the toilets at college because he liked the smell. I joked that doing it so often he wouldn't have much cream left for today. He smiled - said he'd not cum for four days – he looked down. I noticed the thin silver thread of pre-cum hanging from the tip of his penis then saw that I'd also grown my own thread while we'd been standing talking.

The boy groaned stroked his penis – said he didn't think he could hold on much longer could we go to play in the bathroom? My buddy said we liked playing in bed - I told the boy how I'd got the waterproof cover as a present for my buddy. My buddy led the way through to his small bedroom (but with a king sized bed and big mirror). We lay down either side of the boy – swapping around - one of us kissing him while the other licked his nipple both of us using one hand to stoke his body or his balls and penis.

I lay on my back and asked the boy to get on top of me – he knelt with his legs either side of me – with our penises side by side squashed between our bodies. I said that any time he wanted to pee to just do it. He was moving his body slightly- massaging our penises as he kissed me really passionately. I felt my buddy getting above my legs – the boy moaned into my mouth - I felt hot piss running from the boys balls onto mine – guessed my biddy had sprayed his ass – lovely hot wet feeling.

I raised my ass a bit and felt my buddy place his penis between the boys balls and mine – my buddy groaned and his piss spurted up between mine and the boy's bodies. The boy moved more - our penises rubbing against our slippery wet skin – he raised his head and sighed – allowing me to see my buddy rimming him in the mirror.

The boy closed his eyes – I felt his body tense - he tried again a few times – the look of concentration on his face was really cute. Then smiled at me – said he just couldn't go. I said I was too near and couldn't piss either. I loved watching the look on his face as my buddy pleasured his ass. My buddy said who'd like to 69 with him. I said I'd rim him if he got on top of the boy.

The boy smiled – climbed off me and lay down – my buddy got on top of him and they started sucking each others penises. I kneeled behind my buddy smiled down at the boy lookup up at me – then licked the back of my buddy's balls. Used my hands to spread his ass cheeks – flicked my tongue on the insides of his crack – gradually switched to flicking his hole. I wet his anus with my mouth – then blew on it – did this several times then also pushing my tongue in.

My buddy said he needed to be fucked – he raised his ass taking his penis out of the boy's mouth while I put a condom on. The boy said he wanted his lolly back – I told him that being fucked made my buddy piss. The boy said he'd love piss in his mouth – my buddy asked if he was sure – the boy grabbed his penis and raised his head to reach it with his mouth. My buddy lowered his ass as I lubed his hole – putting my finger inside him.

I guided my penis to the right spot then pushed it all the way inside him – he groaned the boy put his hands up and grabbed my buddies ass cheeks. I did a few thrusts – saw in the mirror the boy moving his head fast sucking my buddy - some piss running from his mouth down his cheek. My buddy gasped said he was cumming – his ass muscles started pumping – squeezing my penis – I tried to think of something to stop myself cumming as well.

I eased my penis slowly out of my buddy's body then he climbed off the boy. The boy's face was flushed with excitement – breathing heavily – his chin and cheeks wet with piss. He said in English could he by my cum-slut – I took of my condom - leaned over him from one side facing the mirror. I told him just to use the tip of his tongue and to not swallow – keep my load in his mouth.

It felt so amazing as he licked the tip of my penis – I saw my buddy watching us – still hard – masturbating his piss soaked penis fast. Almost immediately I yelled out my body shaking as my semen started spurting into the boy's mouth, As soon as my orgasm finished I moved to kneel over the boy from the side and kissed him – loving the taste and feel of my semen in his mouth. My buddy got beside me – using one hand to masturbate my penis and the other on himself.

I groaned – the amazing feeling of struggling to stop myself urinating – stopped kissing the boy. Breathless the boy asked if he could be my piss-slut as well. As I moved to get back over him I lost control – just managed to point my penis so my piss sprayed his chest not in his eyes. My thin jet of urine was still going as I put my penis in his mouth – his tongue working on my penis helped me to stop my stream.

The boy started to gasp - so I knelt back – started masturbating myself. My buddy was keeling between his legs – reached for his penis but the boy used his hand to stop him.

I saw the boys balls were just a bulge pulled right inside him as my buddy aimed his penis and started spraying them with piss.

No one was touching the buys penis as he started to orgasm - more like the way girls do – he was moaning and yelling his hips thrusting – then his penis spurting his creamy cum up his body. My buddy and I grinned at each other as we masturbated ourselves. 

My buddy started sucking the boys penis – after a while using his hand on it as well while I licked his semen from the boys body. The boy took over playing with his own penis – we grinned at each other as we masturbated ourselves. My buddy said something about the boy's balls deciding to come back and stroked them. The boy said it was the most incredible feeling he'd ever had - now he really needed to piss.

My buddy put his mouth round the boy's penis – the boy's body tensed – but nothing happened. He tried a few more times – I said not to worry he would – just missed the moment. My buddy put a condom and lube on the boy and kneeled up over him facing him – holding the boy's penis to guide it inside. I warned the boy to close his eyes – my buddy's stream of piss landed on the boy's face and body as he let the boy's penis go all the way into his ass fast.

The boy told me to sit on his face – I squatted over him – leaning forward using one arm to support myself as well. My buddy stopped moving up and down to kiss me and we masturbated each others penises. The boy was thrusting up and down into my buddy while also licking and tonguing my ass. I looked in the mirror and said to the boy that he looked too sweet and innocent to be doing this. He giggled – I said his hot breath felt good on my ass hole – in between using his tongue he started blowing as well.

It was getting a bit uncomfortable so I asked the boy if I could have a turn being fucked by him. My buddy and I got off the boy and I got on all fours - side on to the mirror – my buddy handed the boy a fresh condom and put lube on my ass. The boy kneeled behind me sliding into my body easily and started thrusting. I smiled at him in the mirror and said it felt really good – I put my hand between my legs to collect some lube from my ass to put on my penis – then asked him to play with it.

The boy stopped thrusting - he moved mine and his legs further apart as my buddy kneeled behind him. The boy moaned – some of my buddy's piss splashed my legs then I felt his lovely hot wet spray on the back of my balls between the boys legs. My buddy kneeled back to put a condom on, lubed the boy's ass and entered him. My buddy and I stayed still as the boy was thrusting to fuck me and himself – I really loved watching us in the mirror. The boy stopped - I saw my buddy putting his penis back inside him again.

The boy carried on masturbating me at the same time now thrusting quite fast. We were watching ourselves in the mirror – the boy grinned – saying to us that we were making him do all the hard work. I felt very near to cumming – used my hand to stop the boy playing with my penis. The boy was still pounding my ass – now I felt the strong urge to piss. I concentrated on trying to stop it – squeezing the boys penis.

The boy moaned saying he was cumming – he looked beautiful as he lifted his head and closed his eyes. The boy grinned at us in the mirror and we started untangling our bodies – I could see his semen in the boy's condom. I said to him to see if he could piss – he strained – doing a small amount of piss in his condom which turned milky. He said it felt really good – my buddy started rubbing the head of the boys penis through his condom - using his piss and cum inside it as lube.

The boy asked who wanted to kiss his ass and my buddy volunteered – I said I'd suck the boy and lay down for him to climb on top of me. I took his condom off him – managed to get some of his piss and cum in my mouth. I was sucking the boy and using my hand – he sucked my penis as my buddy pounded his ass. I let go a small spurt of piss in his mouth which he let run back over my body.

My buddy said to break for a drink and we went through to the kitchen area. We stood facing each other with drinks in one hand and playing with our own penises with the other. The boy asked how we started doing piss play. We took it in turns to tell him how we met (he picked me up on a flight he was working on). I liked the way that as I was telling the boy some of the things we'd done he played with his penis faster.

I told them about a couple of piss play sessions I'd had – we were all masturbating fast – I got near to cumming and stopped. I asked the boy if he liked edging - we were all breathing heavily. He moaned let go of his penis saying he quite often did it on his own when he showered in the evening and he had more time. Also sometimes he'd cum then piss on himself then be able to cum again. I told the boy he looked too innocent to have such sexy balls as I fondled them. He stroked both our erections and said we looked too innocent as well to have such nice penises.

The boy asked us if we'd done double penetration – I said I'd tried receiving but found it too uncomfortable. He said could we do it to him – we said we'd try and went back to the bedroom. I put on a condom while the boy lubed his ass – I laid down and the boy got on top of me – I slid inside him easily. The boy started kissing me – we both moaned as I felt my buddy's hot piss on my balls and shaft – then felt him putting more lube on the boy's hole and around my shaft.

The boy lifted his head and we both watched in the mirror as my budy got into position – one leg raised. He held his penis head and my shaft together – I felt it being squashed – the boy gasped. I felt my buddy's penis hard against mine as the boy started pissing between us on my stomach. The boy was groaning – I asked him how it felt – he said very stretched but good. The boy raised himself up on his arms and told me to masturbate him – my buddy rolled back the boy's foreskin and put some lube on his penis.

I couldn't move much – a pool of piss had collected around my ass. I used one hand rubbing the boys slippery penis head and the other on his nipples. My buddy moved slowly – I felt the head of his penis sliding against mine inside the boy's body. I felt myself about to orgasm and asked the boy if it still felt good. He said great – I grunted and thrusted my hips while I was ejaculating. My buddy kept on going but I felt myself getting less hard also desperate to piss.

I kept masturbating the boy now using his foreskin – used my other hand to hold onto the base of my condom – felt it might slip off – I moved further down and slipped out of the boy's anus. I took off my condom – moved my penis so it was pointing against the back of the boy's balls and not in my buddy's way. I smiled at the boy – masturbating him fast - as I relaxed – loving the relief as my piss spurted onto the back of his balls and of it running hot over my skin – down round my balls. Some of my piss sprayed out round his balls onto my chest. The boy moaned – shot one good spurt of his semen hitting my chin then a few more that just oozed out of his penis.

My buddy stopped fucking the boy and eased out of him – took of his condom and masturbated himself. The boy stood up and turned round squatting down over my face and told my buddy to cum in his mouth. My penis was half soft – but I loved pleasuring the boys cute ass – and showing him how good I am at rimming. I felt the mattresses move as my buddy stood astride me – I couldn't see but I guessed the boy was sucking him – I just concentrated on the boy's ass. The wet bed was quite cool – but the room was warm and it didn't feel uncomfortable
