 I couldn't get what happened on the computer out of my head. Part of me was totally confused about what I was feeling and the other part of me got rock hard thinking about it. I made the decision to lay low for awhile. Not only did my online friend Tom know my real name, he also had my phone number. I was really thinking about either of these two facts in the heat of the moment. 

I had a ton of places to look for a job that afternoon so I needed to take a shower and get my day going. I was nervous about finding a job, a lot of other college kids came home during spring break to set up jobs for the summer. I however did not have the foresight to do such a thing, so I was left to find whatever job I could until something better came along. As I turned the water on and started to undress I thought it might put my mind an ease if I took care of myself before I went out. I always found if I didn't get off at least once a day I found myself more edgy. 

As I started to undress I started to think about some old stand by stories that always seemed to do the trick. However as I started to play with my cock, I began to think more and more about Tom and what happened the night before. The steam filled the bathroom and since I didn't know what Tom looked like I pretend he was watching me through the fog. I started to pose and would speed up and slow down. I started stoking harder and faster and then I heard his voice in my head telling me to cum for him. I shot a huge load all over the glass shower door. I felt relived and relaxed and ready to start the day.

I went to every place I could think to find a job but so far no one was hiring so I decided to hit up a fast food place for lunch. The drive gave me time to think about things. I was certainly confused about the events of the past few days. I more I kept thinking about it the more confused I was getting. As I waited online to get food I noticed an attractive couple in front of me. I kept staring at her ass and when sent bent down to tie her shoe I could see her thong pop up. This instantly got my juices flowing. Her boyfriend was also very attractive but I couldn't imagine kissing him. I knew I wasn't gay, I knew I liked women, but I also couldn't deny how hot I was over my online encounter, I was as confused as ever.

My plan was to stay away from the computer and Xchat for a few days but I only lasted two days before I found myself alone, bored and horny on a Friday night. I quickly logged in and was hoping to find Tom quickly and get to some phone sex right away but this was not to be. Tom was no where to be found and I was horny and ready to go. I decided to change my profile around a bit to seem a little more enticing to anyone should the click on it but I still decided not to put my picture up. A lot of guys had pictures of their cock for a profile picture. The thought crossed my mind but I figured for now no picture would be fine.

With no Tom around to talk to I quickly browsed the site and found some community chat boards to hang out in. Most were kinda boring, people have group roll play sex online wasn't really my idea of fun. I did enjoy a group called the strangest thing ever where people we talking about the strangest thing they either tried or were asked to try. After a while of reading about strange sexual encounters I grew kinda bored and opened a new window and starting browsing for some porn to watch. Just when I finally found something I wanted to see I heard my private message alarm go off, it was Tom

"What are you doing stranger?" he asked.

"Well to be honest I'm looking at porn waiting for you to come online." I said. 

"That sounds like fun! Anything good?" He asked

"Well I just found something but, I don't know if it's something you'll like." I said

"Well I like all kinds of things, but if you're really looking for some good stuff online I can send you a few links and you tell me what you like and what you don't and we can go from there." Tom said

"Sure that sounds like fun!" I shot back

My cock was instantly hard I have no idea what he could be sending over but I bet it was going to be kinky and fun.

"Ok I'm going to send you over 4 links, they are all different stuff. You tell me what you like and what you don't and I'll send different stuff over accordingly. You have to promise me to watch everything I send and not to jerk off during it. Is that ok?" 

"Sounds like a deal." I said

He sent over 4 different links and I immodestly clicked on the first one. I had no idea what to expect. The first one was of two girls making out and then one of them put a strap on dildo on and began to fuck the other one. The second was of an ammeter couple having doggie style sex in there kitchen. The 3rd was a woman masturbating in the shower, by this time I was a little confused, it wasn't that I didn't enjoy what I was seeing, I was just expecting something different. The 4th link was a couple having sex and I was just about to click off of the video when suddenly another guy appeared in the video. Without saying a work he walked up to the couple making out on the couch, undid the guy's pants and started to blow him. I was a little taken aback by what I was seeing but I couldn't stop watching. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever imagine me being rock hard watching porn like this.

"So which ones do you like?" he asked

"Well I mean all of them are nice but..." 

But what? He asked

"Well the last one got me really turned on, I wouldn't mind seeing a few more of those." I said

"Well I was hoping you might say something like that, let me find a few more for you to watch!" Tom said

I was excited and couldn't wait until the next batch of videos. My cock was rock hard and I had precum everywhere. I was doing my best not to jerk off like Tom had asked me but it was becoming very difficult and I gave my cock the occasional tug while waiting for the next videos.

"Ok here are four more. Don't open the last one until you talk to me first ok?" he said

"Sure that's fine." I quickly typed as I clicked on the first link

The 1st video was a guy jerking off his huge cock, while I was pretty jealous of his cock size the video itself was kinda boring. The second clip was two guys making out and then taking turns giving each other a blowjob. I got really hot after one of the guys to a load to the face. The 3rd one was a party scene where guys and girls were all in a club getting naked and getting crazy. People were fucking all over guys doing guys who were doing girls. At this point I was dying to touch myself but I knew I had to stay true to what Tom said.

"Ok Tom I'm at the last clip, what do you want me to do?" I asked

"I think you should call me, I want to hear your reaction to what you are seeing." he said

"Ok what's your number again?" I asked

"555-394-6242." he typed back

I was nervous, but still so very painfully horny. I was more nervous to what I was going to see then talking to Tom. I dialed quickly and got Tom on the second ring.

"Hi Tom, when should I click on the video?" I said.

"Well I'm kind of shocked you haven't yet, I can't wait to hear your reaction to it. Go ahead and open the link now." he said.

I clicked the link and up came a video called getting ready for Scott's First Time. There was a guy sitting on a couch roughly my age talking to a guy off camera.

"This first part is kinda boring but it gets better." said Tom

Next scene Scott is still talking to the guy off camera but he is slowly getting naked. He is down to his boxer briefs and chatting away.

"God why won't he just take his cock out!" I said without thinking

"Boy you are all horny over there aren't you?" Tom said with a laugh

"Yeah I just can't help it I guess." I said embarrassed

"Well trust me this isn't going to disappoint." he said 

I look back at the screen to find that the guy from behind the camera has moved to in front of the camera and is now touching Scott all over. He pulls down is boxers and begins to slowly play with his cock. For some reason I'm kinda glad to know that Scott isn't sporting a monster cock, he looks like he is a normal everyday guy. The camera suddenly begins to move as if the camera man is now walking around the room with it. He is getting close up shots of Scott getting played with. The other guy asks Scott if he is ready and Scott nervously says that he is.

"I think you're really going to enjoy this." Tom said

Scott positions himself on the couch almost in a doggie style position with his arms on the arm rest. The camera guy has a tight shot on his face while our mystery friend is asking him questions. Finally he asks if he is ready and Scott says that he thinks so. The camera still has a tight shot of Scott's face. He has a strange look, he looks like he is slightly in pain while also being slightly confused all at the same time. Soon the look of pain and confusion and pain start to melt away and he begins to look more and more like he is starting to enjoy himself. The camera slowly moves away from his face and pans over to our mystery friend who is pushing a giant purple dildo in and out of his ass.

"Wow that's huge!" I shouted

"Egh, it's not as big as you'd think. Keep watching it gets better." said Tom

The camera guy pans back to Scott's face. They keep asking if he is enjoying what I happening and the only thing he can do is nod in approval. The camera then moves over to his cock which is just flowing precum. The camera pans over to the mystery guy who asked Scott if he would like to cum and Scott begs for relief. Our mystery friend takes his free hand and begins to jerk him off as he is still pushing the dildo in his ass. 

"If you haven't already I'd start jerking off about now." Tom said

I begin to jerk off as the camera pans back to Scott's face to watch his reaction. He very quickly has an intense look on his face and he begins to moan and shutter. He starts to push back harder and harder on the dildo and really starts to moan. We both seem to cum at the same time.

"That was unlike anything I've seen before!" I said almost forgetting I was on the phone the entire time.

"We'll I'm glad you enjoyed it and I know you did by the sounds of it!" "Well it's late and I'm off to bed." I'm really glad you enjoyed that little film, we will have to do it again sometime soon." Good night!" Tom said

"Night!" was all I could say as I hung up the phone.

All I could think about was the look on Scott's face during that movie, right then and there I knew it was something I wanted to try.