 When I turned on my computer and opened my email on Tuesday morning, there was a response from Jody. 

Hi Julian,

I was glad to hear that you liked Psych class today. I've been looking forward to it ever since we got out of New B's. I plan to major in psychology, what about you? Have you thought about what you'd like to major in? Comparing profiles might be very interesting, indeed, since we are at two completely different ends of the spectrum of the teenage male species. 

I guess since Amber collected all of our names and addresses that she'll let us know when the first study session will be. I look forward to seeing you there. 

All the best,

Jody

p.s. that's quite a nice tan you've acquired this summer, as well.

Okay, well that was weird and encouraging in the same breath. Jody was trying to be nice in his email but he was also trying to be detached at the same time. Well, except for that last line anyway. I'd seen him staring at my chest yesterday in class and I knew that the light green shirt I'd had on at the time emphasized my tan, olive complexion and my greenish eyes. I didn't have any classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays this quarter, so I had pretty much decided that I was going to the beach again this morning and suddenly I wanted a companion.

I knew Jody's home phone number by heart, but not his cell (if he even had one), so I picked up my cell and dialed. After a couple of rings, an older woman, who I assumed was Jody's mom, answered and I asked for Jody, she hesitated a moment not recognizing my voice and asked who was calling. I told her my name and listened as she put down the phone and walked away. I heard her call out for Jody and tell him that I was on the phone. After what seemed like forever, I heard an extension pick up.

A shaky voice said "Hello?"

"Hey Jody, it's Julian." I suppose that I didn't expect any kind of response, but I smiled to myself as I imagined the look of pure panic on his face.

"H...h...hi Julian."

"Hey whatcha doin'?" I really hoped he didn't have a class today either, but I'd make it work whatever his schedule was like.

"Eh...nothing really, just messing around on my computer."

"Do you have any classes today?"

"Yeah, at three." He still sounded nervous.

How should I do this, direct and to the point or backhanded and subtle? "Well, you know I surf, right?"

"Eh, yeah." 

"Uh...well, I was thinking about going to the beach this morning and I wondered if you wanted to come along." I automatically knew he was going to say no, but I thought I had a pretty decent retort.

"I can't surf, Julian." He said so matter-of-factly that I was beginning to doubt whether I really could convince him.

"That's okay," I said forcing a cheery lilt into my voice. "You don't have to surf. I just got this new digital camera and I wanted someone to photograph me while I'm out, so I can improve my game a bit, ya know. Whatcha think?"

"Uh...I don't know Julian."

"I was just gonna go out to Verona, it's only a ten minute drive from my place, but if you needed a ride, I could come and get you...no problem. I'd really like it if you came with my Jody."

"Well...as long as you can have me back to campus by three, I guess it'd be okay." I think he was actually smiling, or at least it sounded like it.

"Okay, well do you need me to come and get you?"

"Yeah, it's either that or I have to take the bus and I don't know which one to take to get that close to the beach, but there's a map of the stops on the net and I could go search it...if you don't want to that is, don't want to pick me up." He finally took a breath.

"Hey, don't sweat it bud, I'll be there in a little while, "k?"

I heard Jody draw in a deep breath, "Yeah, I suppose that would be best."

"Okay dude, see ya." I smiled to myself thinking how totally disarmed he must be.

"Uh, yeah...bye."

YES! Score... my first date with Jody Larson! I don't think I stopped smiling all the way to his house, that was until his front door opened.

 *** *** ***