 How could I not have followed them? My curiosity got the better of me.

I was by myself in the restaurant. The day had not gone well, personally or business-wise. Aside from Ben being out of town, I had lost a long-time client. The end of the day finally arrived and here I was, intending to drown my sorrows in red wine and pasta. Comfort food never fails, does it? 

I hoped not, I thought as I took my first sip of wine. I sat back, letting the sweet burn wend its way through me, spreading familiar warmth. Closing my eyes, I thought of another heat I was yearning for. My hand opened and closed against the stem of my glass as I drifted toward thoughts of kneeling in front of Ben. I sighed as I touched his hardening cock, fingers rolling against the head, mouth hovering over it, warm breath mingling with his simmering passion.

"Excuse me. Are you all right?"

I opened my eyes, not quite sure I wasn't in front of Ben. "Yes," I murmured. "Just trying to forget a bad day."

My waiter gave me sympathetic look. "Are you ready to order or should I come back?"

"I'm ready." My meal never varied here. "I'll have an order of crostini, a small bowl of wedding soup and the baked mostaciolli." Like I said, comfort food.

The waiter smiled his approval and left. Picking up my glass, I looked around the room as I took another swallow. I noticed them right away - two couples sitting three tables over. The women were beautiful, a blonde and brunette; the men were handsome. And the four of them looked like they didn't have a care in the world. 

Envying them their mood, I tried to remember what that feeling was like. Was I that jaded, I wondered? 

I watched as the waiter brought them wine. Was it my imagination or did I have the pairing wrong? I could have sworn that the men had just exchanged a quick touch as they both tried to pick up the bottle at the same time. My interest was peaked now, the bad day forgotten. 

It was apparent that they were all friends, perhaps lovers. The women seemed at ease, their amusing talk making the men smile. Wait, I thought. They were smiling but not necessarily at what the women were saying. Seeing their soft glances toward each other, I thought I knew exactly what was going on. Ben and I exchange that same look when we have lust on our minds. My heart quickened, amazed at the electricity I saw flowing between them. 

The waiter came over, hot crostini with its smell of oregano and garlic now on the table. The scent mingled with my building arousal. Suddenly, food was the last thing on my mind. I was feeding off the emotions that were crossing between these two men. I picked up my glass and drank more wine, trying to hear some of their conversation. Finally, I was able to put names to the men: Mike was the dark haired one. John had the light brown hair.

"Excuse me, Sir. You have a phone call. You can take it in the manager's office," the waiter said 

I watched Mike excuse himself. The blonde woman touched his arm as he leaned down and whispered something in her ear. A few minutes later, I heard the brunette excuse herself. "I'll be right back. I have to go to the ladies room." 

I took a bite of crostini, wondering again if I had it all wrong. Maybe the brunette and Mike were having an affair. I'll admit I was getting confused and couldn't tell if it was just my imagination, reality or a combination of both with too much wine thrown in. 

The waiter put a bowl of soup in front of me. "Your pasta will be out shortly." He took the liberty of re-filling my glass as he spoke. Great, I thought. Let's just add to my confusion, shall we? 

I had just picked up the spoon, hoping some food would take away the heady effects, when John stood up. "I'll be back in a minute." 

John took a step then held out the chair for the brunette who was coming back. "I'll be back in a minute or two, Karin." He kissed her cheek and headed in the direction of the men's room. Karin sat down and the two women talked while looking at menus and drinking wine.

I picked up my glass but was suddenly overcome with an intense curiosity. Was there something going on? And if so, who was doing what to whom? I had to find out. I stood up just as the waiter was bringing my pasta to the table. “I’ll be back in a minute,” I said as he put the plate down, then re-filled my glass for the third time. 

All I could think about was the electricity that had flashed between Mike and John. I quickly walked toward the ladies room, feeling nervous, excited and spyish. As I got to the hallway, I took a step back. Mike was walking toward the front door, John fairly close behind. They had no idea that I was following them from what I felt was a safe distance.

Distance is right, I thought as I stood looking at the parking lot. For a minute, it looked like I had lost them. I walked a little further, being careful to stay in the shadows of the trees against the building. Then I saw them. Mike was leaning against a car, arms in the air as if he were hanging from chains. John stood close, unbuttoning Mikes' shirt. I heard no words exchanged but I saw and felt their passion. John moved his mouth along the skin bared by each button being undone. Mike moved his hands to John’s shoulders and I saw his eyes close as sensations visibly touched him. I closed my eyes too and felt John's mouth on my chest, making my nipples hard. But I didn't want to imagine anything. I wanted to watch these two men make love. 

I opened my eyes in time to see John take a nipple in each hand, pulling and softly stoking the fire in Mike's cock. Still, Mike stood against that car, his clenched fingers on John’s shoulders the only sign I could see of his passion. . 

John kissed Mike, his body hiding what he was doing with his hands. I heard the zipper and saw soft skin before his head moved down to take Mike in his mouth. I saw Mike trembling and I was quivering right along with him. I imagined what it would feel like, standing against a car. I closed my eyes and saw an open blouse, breasts bare to the moonlight and another woman’s touch. 

I moved my hands down, glided them up my thighs as I spread my legs. My pussy was hot, the heat almost unbearable. My panties were moist as I slid a finger under the elastic and touched my clit. Sighing softly, I felt my tension double as I watched Mike and John. John's head was moving up and down, his fingers still teasing Mike's nipples. Their gasps of pleasure only increased my own near-silent moans. 

I rolled my clit under my thumb, matching John's movements against Mike's cock. I felt in tune with both of them as they shared their secret moment. I watched their passion unfold, heard their lovemaking sounds. It fueled my arousal. I saw thighs tremble against cheeks. John's hands moved from nipples to ass as he ground his face into Mike's crotch. My arousal matched theirs as the two of them took pleasure from each other and unknowingly let some of it fall toward me. 

I heard Mike groan, saw John pull him closer. I watched as one man swallowed another man’s come. Closing my eyes, I imagined Ben licking my juice as I came with Mike... 

At that moment, headlights from a car startled us. Quickly, Mike moved his hands from John’s shoulders as he buttoned his shirt. John stood up, kissed Mike on the cheek and quickly walked back into the restaurant. 

I was still standing behind the tree as John walked past, his face flushed with pleasure. Mike followed a few minutes later. He looked relaxed and happy, much the way Ben says I do after we've made love. 

I stood there for a few minutes, still excited by what I had witnessed. Their intensity overpowered me. I wanted more. I wanted to see more. Yet I wasn't even sure what had given me the courage to follow and watch in the first place. I was still hot and didn't know how to deal with it. I didn't know if I could go back into that restaurant and act like nothing had happened. But I had to. I was still caught up in the curiosity of it all.

I managed to walk in and sit down. Maybe it was the thought of the wine waiting for me. I really believe it was the chance to see how Mike and John acted as they sat at their table. The fact is I was able to sit down without giving anything away. I found my pasta and the wine waiting for me.

It took me a while to be able to look toward their table. I was afraid someone would notice a difference in me. But I overcame the fear and saw four people having a good time. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Yet I saw something that made my body tremble. It wasn't the fleeting sensual smile that Mike and John exchanged. It was the wink and smile the brunette gave me.

I went home and used my vibrator. I closed my eyes and felt Mike's excitement. I opened my eyes and felt that wink.

Copyright by Megan Murphy August 2001. This story may not be distributed or copied without the express permission from the author. All comments are welcomed. 