 Author's Notes: This is a copyrighted work of fiction written by Tucker McCallahan. All rights reserved by Tucker McCallahan. If you are reading this story anywhere but at Literotica then it has been posted without permission. Please report plagiarism to the contact on my profile.

*****

"I need a beer."

"No kidding. A beer and a shot."

"Did the guitarist really drop his guitar?"

"Twice."

"So I wasn't hallucinating."

"If we'd been hallucinating that show might not've sucked so bad."

I headed straight for the only empty table I saw and put my back to the wall. I was pretty pissed about spending twenty dollars on a ticket for a thirty minute show that was, without a doubt, the worst concert of my life.

Tim made his way to the table I'd snagged after a stop at the bar. I snickered as I watched him undulate through the crowd, a pair of long-necks in one hand and two shots balanced in his other hand. He set the booze on the table and I downed my shot.

"Ugh. What the hell was that?"

"Slippery nipple." Tim sat down beside me. "They're the shot special tonight."

"Man can't get an honest shot of Jack anymore?"

"I'm sure you could, but it'd cost a lot more."

"It'd be all alcohol." 

"These are all alcohol: one part Baileys, one part Sambuca."

"You know what Baileys is, right?" Tim gave me a tired look. "It's whiskey mixed with cream. If I wanted milk with my liquor I'd pour Jack in my cereal."

"Damn you're one grouchy sonuvabitch tonight."

"Show was shit."

Tim drank from the tall bottle, nodding his head as he swallowed. 

"No argument here." Tim waited until I'd drowned my sorrows with half the bottle of beer. "Cute blond at the bar."

"Balls or boobs?"

"Like you care."

That made me smile, even if the smile itself didn't last very long.

"Maybe tonight I do care."

"She has nice little tits." Tim pushed his chair back a few inches and not-so-subtly turned to scope the bar. "And a bangin' body."

I gave in and followed Tim's gaze. I zeroed in on the chick immediately. Tim was right; she was smokin' hawt. Obviously another concert-goer, she wore a sparkly red push-up bra under a tiny cropped denim jacket with puffed sleeves. Her matching denim skirt didn't look any wider than my hand, and covered only a fraction more. 

"Slut-tastic," I murmured.

"Speak for yourself, ya picky bastard." Tim gave the anonymous girl his version of a slow, seductive smile. She winked at him, turned her back to us, and then looked over her shoulder with a toss of hair that hadn't been its natural color since grade school. I suppose the look she aimed at us was her version of coy. Female had the subtlety of a great white shark.

"Hey man, if you're into groupies, go for it."

"Looks like groupies are into me." Tim grinned hugely as the blond and her sidekick, a chubby goth girl with her hair in pigtails, headed our way with more drinks. "Handle the baggage, would ya bro?"

"No. Fucking. Way." I gripped the empty beer bottle in my hand so hard I thought it would shatter.

"Be a pal."

"Suck my dick."

"I will. Later."

I rolled my eyes but kept my mouth shut. The girls were within earshot, and if I was nothing else, I was a decent wingman. My eyes traveled over blondie's friend. She caught me doing it and hit me with a disintegration glare. I smiled and shrugged. 

Blondie set four shot glasses down on the table, leaning down so we could get the full view of her bra-top. My eyes flicked to the glasses. Sure enough, they were filled with that shitty slippery nipple crap. I bit back my sigh.

Just as blondie launched into her introduction speech, the crowd at the front door swelled in greeting. I glanced up. 

"Hol-ee fuck."

Tim stopped right in the middle of inviting the girls to have a seat and glared at me.

"What?"

"It's those motherfuckers from the show."

Everybody at the table turned to stare. The lead singer, the bassist, and their drummer strolled in to a weak welcome. The world's clumsiest guitarist was nowhere in sight.

"Oh my god!" Blondie waved at the trio like her hand was on fire and she was trying to put it out. "Over here!"

"You know those dicks?" I couldn't keep the scorn from my face or my voice.

"The bassist is my brother, jerk." The doom-cookie spoke for the first time. She shot me another hateful look that I matched.

"Well they suck."

"So tell them, not me."

"I will."

The three dudes ended up at our table, a waitress with a tray full of drinks trailing along behind them. 

"Casey, Sara...Nice to see you." The lead singer bent down and exchanged kisses with the two chicks. He straightened and turned so the waitress could set her tray down. "Compliments of the bar."

I helped myself to another beer. I didn't particularly like Heineken, but if it was free, I was drinking it. For Tim's sake, I tried to keep my face neutral. The lead singer was a walking stereotype, right down to his Hot Topic wallet chain. If that's what tripped blondie's thermostat, Tim wasn't getting shit tonight. 

"Who're your friends?" The tallest one, the bassist, tugged a black pigtail and the doom-cookie aimed one of her destructo-gazes at him.

"This is Tim." Blondie was now in Tim's lap, having given the lead singer her chair. "And that's Conn."

"Conn as in Connor?" The lead singer smiled, beer in hand, relaxed as could be.

"You guys suck." 

Conversation halted as the entire table stared at me.

"Conn-"

"Rude much?" 

"S'cool." The singer held up his hands surrender-style. He glanced at me. "Opinions vary."

I folded my arms over my chest. I didn't bother hiding my disgust.

"It's not an opinion, dick. It's the truth. You had no business charging for what you put up on stage tonight."

Everybody talked at once: band members, groupies, and Tim. The lead singer, though, said nothing. He just stared at me, eyes narrowed. I stared back, unapologetic, and grabbed a third beer. I had a nice little buzz going and was starting to look forward to the prospect of a fight.

"You got anything else to say?" The bassist looked ready to grind bones for bread. Perfect.

"I haven't even gotten started."

He started around the table for me but the singer shoved his chair back and blocked the dude's path.

"Nick... chill." As the bassist returned to his seat, still glowering at me, the singer's dark eyes locked on me again. "Speak your piece, man. Get it all out."

"What kinda band plays a thirty-minute set? And where's your ax-man? He drop his brain beside his guitar?"

"What answers will make you happy?"

"None, motherfucker! I want my fucking money back!"

"Are you requesting a refund?" His lips puckered into a cute little smile. Damn he was pretty.

"Did I stutter?"

"I'll make sure you get your money's worth tonight."

The two girls and the bassist gaped at him.

"You ain't pimping my sister out, Shawn." 

"Not my intention." The look Shawn-the-singer gave me was unmistakable, and he wasn't subtle about it. Tim choked on his beer and laughed. I glared at him.

"What the fuck are you laughing at?"

"Nothing man. Not a thing. Guy wants to taste your rainbow that's between y'all."

"Whattaya say?" Shawn's seductive smile was about a thousand times sexier than Tim's. My jeans got tighter the longer he aimed it at me, and all that did was crank my anger up. 

"That you prolly don't suck dick any better than you sing." I stood up and glared at Tim. "Later."

I headed for the bar. I wanted to salvage my buzz before my night got any suckier. Bounce was within walking distance, which meant there was a nice uncomplicated blowjob in my future. I bulldozed my way through the crowd and ordered a double shot of Jack. I tossed it down and relished the burn of real alcohol.

The crowd parted for me on my way to the door. My mad face will do that sometimes. I stepped out into the cool night air.

"Hey!"

I turned automatically. Shawn stood to the side of the doors, that damn smile still on his face. He really was pretty. He walked over.

"You leaving?"

"Nothing here I want."

His big dark eyes flicked down to my zipper, his smile widening.

"Liar."

"You want my fist in your face?"

He stepped up, close enough that I could smell the leather of his jacket and see the perfect fan of his eyelashes in the sodium vapor lights. Goddamn he was beautiful...and he knew it.

"Not in my face." This time his soft seductive smile set a bomb off in my gut that was twice as hot as the Jack Daniels.

Shawn pressed into me, one hand gripping my hip as our thighs and chests kissed. His lips were fucking bitable.

"You've got a nasty temper." Shawn's other hand slipped up under my t-shirt. When that hot hand hit my abs I couldn't help it; I growled. "I like it."

"Yeah?"

"Sure you want to leave all mad?"

"I'm getting less mad by the second." 

I took the kiss I wanted. Shawn tasted like slippery nipple shots. And damn if I didn't like them better secondhand. He whimpered against my mouth and pressed even tighter against me, his fingers gripping my side.

I left his bitable lips to suck at his throat, my hands gripping his ass so I could grind against those stupid trendy pants he wasn't going to be wearing much longer. He shuddered in my arms, and I reached for his zipper. He pulled away from me and chuckled.

"You wanna do this out here in the parking lot?"

"You think it would be better in front of the bar?"

"Come on." He stepped further away from me but jerked his head toward the nearby lot. "I got a place." He walked backwards, hands in the pockets of his leather jacket, that seductive smile cranked up to maximum and aimed right at me.

What the hell. I followed him.

*

The hotel was not posh.

It wasn't even technically a hotel. The sign advertised it as an inn, whatever that meant. It was one step up from those shitty motels where you park in front of your door, meaning this place had interior hallways. But that was about the only difference.

The room had two double beds, both mussed as if they'd been slept in, and given the state of the room, they probably had. Shawn shrugged his leather jacket off and surprised me by taking the time to hang it up in the twelve-inch space they called a closet. I bent, untied my boots, and kicked them off by the wall, making a mental note not to put my socks back into my boots after walking on the carpet.

Shawn was between the beds, fiddling with his phone. Within seconds, we had music. Disturbed's "The Vengeful One" filled the room and Shawn straightened up, turning to me.

"Too much?" 

I shook my head. I didn't give a flying fuck what he played. The only music I was interested in was the symphony of moans and whimpers I intended to conduct over his naked body. I stripped my shirt off and went to him.

Shawn was a little taller than I was without my boots, but it made no difference. I wrapped one hand around his nape and drew him down, mouth hungry for more of what I'd tasted outside the bar. He melted against me, soft and strong at the same time. His mouth was still sweet from those frou-frou shots, and for some reason that made me harder than granite.

His hands went straight to my belt. I stopped him only long enough to get him out of his shirt. Tattoos, some complete and some not, spread across his chest and shoulders. My eyes locked onto two words prominently inked between his nips: PROMISES KEPT. I smirked. Shawn noticed and licked his lips.

"Like that?" Shawn tugged my zipper down. "Guy in NYC did those."

"It's a good motto."

Shawn's gaze roamed over me in the low light of the lone lamp.

"No ink?"

Smirk still firmly in place, I slowly turned around, dropping my jeans and boxers as I went. My bud Kyle had finished up his apprenticeship about five years earlier, and he'd done the work that stretched from the back of my neck to my tailbone. I stripped down pretty regularly to show it off, and Kyle had pics up of it on the internet. Shawn's soft gasp made me clench inside, and that had never happened before.

I finished my three-sixty and found Shawn staring at me like a starved man. His eyes flicked down to my erection and back to my face. I loved how desperate he looked, how needy. 

"Strip." My voice was raspy with lust. The longer I stared at him the more I wanted him. Shawn's pants, belt, and wallet hit the floor with a soft whuff. His knees hit the floor exactly one second later.

His pretty face nuzzled my groin. Those bitable lips trailed up one side of my hard dick just before his hot tongue licked the tip. Fuck he was perfect.

His hand wrapped around my base. Liquid fire enveloped my cock as he swallowed me, and I groaned. He sucked dick like he loved it. The world spun as his mouth moved. His lips were silky and his tongue... Fuck he was driving me crazy.

"Slow down," I panted.

A cocky grin spread across Shawn's face as he stood.

"Why? I liked you all hot and angry." Shawn leaned in and bit my left nip. I yanked him against me, our erections jousting between us. His big dark eyes locked onto my face. "I like you hard and horny even better."

"My opinion of you has greatly improved over the last thirty minutes."

He chuckled and then my hand trapped our hard dicks. As I stared into his face, those lush lips parted and his eyelashes fluttered closed. I stroked us nice and slow. Shawn moaned and I took his mouth again, tongue sliding over his in a wet tease. He writhed and wiggled, the fingers of his right hand clutching my hip in a death grip.

I maneuvered us to one of the beds and was about to toss him down when he wrenched away from the kiss. 

"Other bed. Nick would rip my balls off if I fucked on his bed."

My eyebrows went up, but I let him turn us around and took the one step necessary to get to the other bed. He pulled the drawer out on the nightstand and set a bottle of lube beside his phone. He offered me a condom.

"Do I need that?"

"Uh, yeah. I'm not gonna let you do me bare."

"Just what do you think I'm gonna do?"

"Fuck me into oblivion. I hope." Shawn's dark eyes narrowed. "Aw hell. Don't tell me you're a bottom..."

"Definitely not." I took the condom and tossed it on the nightstand beside the lube. "But I don't usually bang guys on the first date." I crowded him against the bed until he sat down. 

"What date?" He snorted. "We didn't go on a date."

I slowly climbed onto the bed right on top of him, forcing him down. His big eyes widened even further and that sexy little gasp came out of his mouth again. Damn I liked that sound.

"Sure we did. I came to see your show, and you met me for drinks afterward." I gazed down at him and dipped my head to kiss him again, rubbing against him in a slow undulation. He whimpered, and it was almost as good as his gasp.

"I suppose that part where you told me I sucked and you wanted your money back was just my imagination?" 

"Mmm, musta been."

"Oh my God." Shawn shivered under me as I ran my tongue along his collarbone. I dipped lower and nibbled at one of his sweet little nips. "Don't stop."

"Don't have to worry about that." I licked lazily down his breastbone and went to the other nip. He thrust up against me, whining like a neglected puppy. I snickered and kissed his chest. "Roll over."

Anal sex wasn't usually my thing, especially with one-night stands, but Shawn was a temptation I couldn't resist. He flipped onto his belly. One look at his ass and any doubts I had flew right out the window. 

"Spread your legs. Nah, as wide as they go. I want your feet hanging off the sides of the bed."

I couldn't tell if my demand embarrassed him or not, and I didn't really care. He looked fucking delicious facedown and spread-eagled. I palmed the lube and flicked it open. The noises that boy made as I got him ready were the sexiest sounds I'd ever heard, a million times better than his singing. 

His howl as I pushed inside him made every hair on my body stand on end.

"Oh Jesus. Fuck me. Oh God. Oh shit. Harder. Fucking tear me up." His mouth ran like a porno soundtrack; prayers, curses, and pure filth flowed out in a continuous stream of babble. It turned me on. I laid over his back, arms looped under his so I could pull him down onto my dick as I thrust into him.

His whines and whimpers turned into passionate cries and growls as his dick rubbed against the sheets. And that mouth... Holy shit he only got louder and more explicit. I bit my lip. Sinking into his body was perfection: soft and yielding, yet tight and hot. I tried to make it last, but I couldn't stave off the rush of pleasure. It swallowed me whole and I collapsed against his back, my teeth in his shoulder as my balls tried to climb out of my body by way of my cock.

We laid there through a couple of songs before he wiggled under me.

"As awesome as that was, I'm sticky and you're heavy."

"Sorry." I crawled off him and let him roll over. He'd come pretty impressively and the sheets were a mess. I chuckled. "I almost feel bad about you laying in that."

The look he gave me turned my chuckle into full-out laughter.

"No you don't." He stretched and grinned at me.

Awkwardness quickly consumed me, the itch to get my ass out of there crawling across my skin. His grin fell away and he sat up.

"Feel free to use the shower if you want."

"Nah. Thanks though." I bent over and retrieved my shorts and jeans. "I should take off before your friends get back."

"Yeah."

"You guys playing anymore shows around here?" 

"We're stuck here until our guitarist gets out of the hospital."

"What?"

"Our guitarist got hit by a truck yesterday out in the hotel parking lot. Busted leg, busted ribs, concussion." Shawn shrugged. "He's fucking lucky to be alive."

"So who played at the show earlier?"

"Some guy off Craigslist. We were stuck. Club wouldn't let us cancel so we threw an ad up and that's the guy who answered it." He shook his head. "I'm sure you weren't the only person pissed off."

I pulled my shirt over my head and ran my hands through my hair to smooth it down before sitting back down on the bed beside Shawn. 

"Not so pissed anymore," I murmured, and kissed him again. He made little happy sounds against my mouth and damn if I didn't feel my dick stir in appreciation. "How long you gonna be around?"

"Could be a week or more." He laid his head on my shoulder.

"Gimme your phone."

Dutifully he turned the music off and handed me the phone. I stood up and pulled my boots on; clean socks didn't seem to mean as much now. I sent myself a text, and pitched the device back to him. 

"If you want company, text me."

"Maybe I will."

My eyes zeroed in on the huge, sticky mess in the center of his bed. The grin that split my face hurt it was so wide.

"You will."

I left to the sound of him pulling the sheets off the bed. Striding across the parking lot, I made sure to pay attention to traffic. As I walked back toward the bar and my car, my phone went off with a new text. I checked it and chuckled.

What the hell. 

The End