 We had got drunk together numerous times, as part of a group, and just us I suppose, once or twice, he'd crashed at mine as well, a few times, came back for some chilli, a floor space. He was sort of funny, a little older than me, smart, he lived miles away. Once we were at mine, a room in a shared house, we were sitting on my bed, and he started to stroke my back, sort of, affectionately, drunkenly, just stroking the backs of his fingers up and down, I let him, not to make a scene, it didn't bother me much, then he turned his hand, I felt his fingers on my side, through my shirt, until the movie ended. 

I suppose I knew he was hoping I would reciprocate, in some way. He did, also, I still let him, he let his other hand rest on my thigh, and stay there, and just, gently enough, squeeze, sort of, affectionately, drunkenly, stroke, massage my inner thigh, I felt him move up, I was watching the film, sort of engrossed in it, he gently stroked my thigh, moving up, and, okay, I felt his hand touch me, so softly, accidentally I thought, but I felt the slight pressure of his hand on my cock, the side of his thumb, he straightened it, rubbing over the surface, the length of me. I still waited for the movie to end. When I could get up, and brush my teeth. He didn't do anything else. I might have looked, glanced between his legs, and noticed that the slight bulge there might have increased. I thought, I suppose I realised he had a hard-on, the beginnings of one. I put it into different words: his cock had become stiff. 

I think the next day, when we woke up, Saturday morning maybe, he was standing up after having slept in a sleeping bag on the floor, and casually asked why men had erections in the morning. I looked, he had one, protruding from under his briefs. 

I said I didn't know. I might have said something about dreams, or full bladders. But I think I looked, I more than glanced, at the long and thick looking arc bulging from under the tight grey cotton, at the shape of it, the wide and curved protrusion, I was sure I could make out some small ridges, the long soft tube of a vein, it bent to the side, down to his thigh, I could see the shape of his glans at the end, the large oval of his swollen tip. He stepped about my room, unaware I was looking, or not caring, still just in his underwear, still with an obviously engorged cock stretching, pressing outwards against the thin material of his pants. I asked if he wanted a shower, if he wanted to borrow a towel. He said he did. 

I got out of my bed, walked to my chest of drawers to see if I could dig out a fresh towel. As I did I saw him looking, standing, glancing down at my crotch. I handed him a towel. I knew, but I looked anyway. I followed his gaze, to my own groin, down to the bulge my own hard cock was making in my own briefs. Looser than his pair, my stiff penis was sticking out almost horizontally. I'd got an erection, my cock had become hard. We faced each other, saying nothing, both looking at the other's bulging prick.

"You're okay if I use the shower then?"

"Sure, go for it."

"Brilliant, cheers."

Before I realised what he was doing he had thrown the towel over his shoulder, bent and whipped his underwear off., tossing onto his small pile of clothes. I couldn't help but look down as he did, as he stripped naked, in my bedroom, and stood before me, his half hard penis jumping up as it was freed from his pants, springing up away from his leg, outwards, straightening and stiffening. I looked. I looked away. But I looked, and, well, I reacted, I felt my own cock pulse and tremble at the sight of his swaying stiffly, solidly in front of him. He turned at the door. And faced me again, still naked, the towel still over his shoulder.

"You showering?"

I looked again, at his bare body, his tight slim hairy body, the dark thatch of pubic hair, I took in the tight pouch of his balls, and the long swinging rail of his thick cock, pointing out, not up, but certainly out, unquestionably in a state of arousal, his foreskin tight, the glistening purse of his urethra just visible, swaying, hanging hard and heavy. It was an invitation. I knew, I felt my cock react, my stomach. Despite my physical reaction though, which I ignored.

"Huh? Yeah, you go first, I'm alright for a bit."

And he turned and walked through the door to the bathroom, showing me his bare ass, his small firm smooth ass. I imagined him walking past housemates, I imagined my female friends opening their doors and seeing a naked man, with a full swollen cock leaving my room, I imagined what they'd think, that we'd fucked? That I'd had that hard penis in my mouth, that I'd sucked it, and had him take me in his mouth, that we'd sucked each other to orgasm? That I'd had that man's cock in my tight little ass, perhaps that I'd then fucked him, that I'd held my moistened tip to his soft anus and slid my stiff cock inside him, his asshole closing tight around my thick stem? 

I let him go shower. But as soon as he was gone I stood in front of my floor length mirror, and whipped my own pants down, and let my own prick spring free. I looked at myself, at my hardening rising penis, I let it grow, without touching it, I watched myself get harder, longer, thicker, until I was standing again in front of this mirror, completely and wonderfully erect, and held it, I gripped my stiff penis and stroked it, and looked at myself and masturbated, fast, and hard, but with such sudden shocking pleasure. I stared at my bouncing shaking testicles, wrapped and held in the tight skin of my scrotum, at the exposure and obscuring of my tender swollen tip, already slippery wet, already alive with impending climax, I knew it wouldn't take long, I felt it rise from my feet, through my legs, consuming, controlling me, my cock filled, I pulled my foreskin back, I let my orgasm fill me, I imagined him looking, next to me, naked, hard, the sudden image of reaching and holding his erect cock consumed me, pushing him onto a bed and kissing his hard penis, taking his smooth tip inside my mouth, fuck, I started to come thinking of my mouth filling with his, his cock dancing and spurting, warm cum flooding my mouth, as I reached critical mass, as I pass the point of being able to stop the door opens, he is standing, still naked, stiff half erect, now able to see me naked, and completely erect, with my hand stroking my bare cock, my wet glans exposed, as I start to ejaculate. I see him in the mirror, looking, I can see his cock reacting to the sight of three spurts of semen splashing from the thick shiny tip of my prick and onto the glass in front of me. 



Anyway, this was a while after that, after I graduated. We'd gone out with a few others, we were staying with another friend, who got together with a girl, sort of, at least enough that he was at least going to walk her home. He gave us the keys to his flat and said to head back, make ourselves at home. One of us could take his bed. 

So we did. Can't remember if we walked, or got a cab. It was pretty uneventful. We got back, may have had a drink when we got there, but more or less got ready for bed. He may have persuaded me to share the bed, I probably would have gone to sleep on the sofa.

"Come on mate, it's a big bed, plenty of room."

I took my shirt off but certainly kept my trousers on, like some prim little virgin, despite, probably because I had a fairly firm memory of having been naked in front of him a short while back, naked and erect, naked and ejaculating.

"Take your trousers off Thomas, come on, do you think I'm going to rape you?"

I kept them on, he stripped down to his briefs, a similar pair to before, though white this time. I could see the shape of his cock under the material, soft, but pointing out still, I knew I was looking, I knew I was fascinated by the look of his soft cock. 

"Tommy? Really?"

He gestured to my trousers.

"What? Oh, bloody hell, okay then."

And I did my belt, and button, and zip, and pushed my jeans along my legs, stepping out of them, tossing them behind me, glancing at him, who was looking at me, at my midriff, which I had to glance at, the waist had caught and been pulled down, exposing the first few tufts of my pubic hair. I could see the shape my own cock was making within my own tight white briefs, the slight bulging outwards.

We both got into bed. Lay next to each other with the light on, for a bit, the covers half off, both of us on our back, inches apart I suppose. I looked at his tight toned chest, the covering of thick hair, his belly, the outline of his dick. And me, and mine, the long-ish bend curving up in my pants. We chatted for a while, we wondered whether our friend was getting lucky, we lay on the bed, covered only by the thin cotton layers of our underwear, him a little taller than me, both of us pretty slim, showing some signs of fitness. 

His chest and belly thick with dark hair, compared to me, smoother, paler. Both of us still undraped by sheet or quilt, both of us letting the other look at the protruding shapes of our genitals, the points and curves of our soft cocks, the bulges of our tights scrotums. He turned onto his side, facing me, I could see his cock move, shifting as he did, dropping so it hung sideways along his hip. I could see its shape, its long stem, I looked at the soft length of him, the outline of his glans.  

I must have turned the light out, and turned over onto my side, suddenly not quite as sleepy as I thought I was though, aware of both of our breathing. After about five minutes I felt him turn towards me, not touching, but facing me. He shuffled around slightly, I felt his bare leg brush against mine, then his shoulder rested on my back, I could feel his arm, by his side, laying along my bare skin. He turned again, close to me, I could feel his chest, I could feel the soft thick hairs on his chest and stomach, then his hand on my back, on my naked waist. 

And, well, I didn't move. I thought I'd pretend I was asleep, I suppose. He moved closer, he had his hand on my side, left it there, holding me, not moving, then he stroked me a little, I felt the hair on his chest touching my bare back. I still didn't move. I mean, I knew I should get up, or just say something. I didn't. He carried on, he touched my arm, my back, my neck, then my side, the side of my abdomen, and he shifted closer still, and, I felt it, against my ass, I felt his cock, pressing into me, suddenly I did feel like some wedding night virgin, he was stroking my bare back and his cock was hard, he wasn't pushing, or thrusting, or forcing it at all, he had barely moved his hips to be closer, but I could feel the solid length of his stiff cock touching me, I imagined it getting stiff, growing, pushing out to touch against me, to press against me. 

It touched, it pressed, I still didn't move. He did. Closer. His cock pushed some more. He hand moved, he moved his hand, from my side to my front, to my belly, he was so gentle, just barely touching me, but touching me, stroking my naked belly. I could feel his breath on my neck, his hair on my skin, his swollen cock bent down onto my cotton covered bum, the hard rod of his shaft pressing between the cheeks of my ass. 

I was ready to say something, to get up. I felt his lips on my neck, jees, he was kissing my neck, barely, not even kissing, brushing, breathing, I felt the soft wet tip of his tongue on my skin as he let his hard prick rest against me, then stroking my belly, I felt his fingers stroking my tight abdomen, moving lower, jees, he moved his hand lower, I felt his fingers thread through the soft hair of my stomach, circle my navel, open up and cover my abdomen, run along the line of my waist band, he stroked the skin underneath the elastic, just, squeezing, just, a finger touched the course matt of my pubic hair, threaded through, I felt him move his hand, up, he lifted it, slightly, and went over the crotch of my underwear, oh come on, I opened my eyes, enough, come on, I'm not gay, please, I'll go next door mate, then I felt his hand on my cock, pressing, covering me there, he pushed closer again, I felt his stiff prick against me as he placed his hand over mine. 

I didn't move. I felt him, he didn't stop moving, he didn't stop kissing my neck, he continued to let me feel his sweet soft breath on my neck, and he squeezed my cock. I didn't move, I didn't say anything. I said nothing, I felt his hand on my hard cock and said nothing. He moved his fingers over it, fuck, over my cock, I was hard, I really was so fucking hard I couldn't move or tell him to stop, his cock pressing against me, my cock, still in my pants, but being stroked by him, I had an erect penis which was being touched by another man. All of a sudden this thought, this taboo, this transgression was the most erotic thing I could think of, him touching my stiff prick as his was pressing into me. He moved his hand around, opened his fingers and closed them around the thick stem of my erect penis.

"Tommy?"

He was whispering into my neck, his soft warm breath driving me crazy.

"Tommy, your penis is stiff, Thomas, your cock is so fucking hard. Tell me to stop and I will. Do you want me to? Do you want me to stop holding your hard cock?" 

I managed a whisper, a barely audible "No, fuck, don't stop."

I felt him squeezing, rubbing, pushing, breathing. And, and I turned over, onto my back, I saw him sit up slightly, he was to the side, leaning up on his elbow. The light from the street allowed me to see him, his bare chest, his tight strong hairy chest, his tight white briefs, the large curved bulge of his turgid member, his hand on me, I looked down at his hand still covering my groin, pressing my own swollen member, holding me, massaging my throbbing cock through my underwear. I looked at him, up and down. 

"I can't believe this, I can't do this, I mean, I'm not, I'm not gay, I'm not into men."

He looked down as I said this, at his hand, which he took off my cock, I looked, at the bulge, the prominent and large point my penis was making. My breath was ragged, I could hear his was the same. I looked up at his face, he looked quite beautiful, strong, handsome, and I pulled him to me, his face, his lips, onto mine, and we kissed, fuck, I kissed a man, with passion, with uncontrolled arousal, his lips were full and soft, his tongue teased and stroked my own, and I touched him, I held his tight shoulders, his smooth cool bare back, I felt his hand over me, over my belly, my chest. I felt a hand on my back, then suddenly underneath my pants, I felt his hand on my bare ass, holding it, gripping my soft smooth bum, stroking my cool skin, pulling me closer to him. 

"Stop, fuck, wait."

I pushed him back.

"Put the light on, I want to see you, see this, I want us to see each other"

He turned and flipped the bedside lamp. Soft yellow light covered both of us. I was still laying on my back. As aroused as I could remember, as hard as I could ever think of being. I looked at him, at his bulging cock, his toned belly and chest. I sat up, faced him, slid off the bed and stood on the wooden floor and grabbed at my underwear, I hooked my fingers underneath the waist and tugged with clumsy fingers, pulled, but found myself hesitating, not wanting to be the first to strip, I watched him lying on his back, looking at me, the same thick arch of swollen straining cock. He knelt up and took hold of his pants, at the waist as well, and pulled without waiting, looking at me, at my groin, up to my eyes, I watched him strip naked, I watched him pull down his underwear and expose his erect penis, fuck, I watched, suddenly frozen, as he revealed his prick, his dark thick pubic hair, his tight balls, but his cock, fuck, I saw another man's erect penis again, how many times was this? 

He pulled, it bent under the material of his boxers, I saw hair, then skin, pale, then a thick rail of flesh, he pulled and it sprang free, his cock bounced up, fuck he looked big, his cock looked huge, long, thick, hard and smooth, his testicles large, full, held by the tight skin of his crinkled pouch, so tight, so high I could see the tops of his thighs, the swell of his buttocks, the shadowy cleft of his firm ass. I stared at the seam running up the centre of his scrotum, at the dark hairs, up into the soft swollen ridge along the underside of his prick, all the way to the foreskin covered slopes of his large bulb. I couldn't stop now, couldn't wait, I waited, I watched, standing, holding myself back at this border, at this crossing. 

I looked at him, naked, supremely erect, I felt myself trembling with pulses of arousal, I looked, my prick was sticking out straight, a large damp shadow had formed where the tip of my stiff member touched the white cotton. I finally pulled the last item of my clothing off, gripping the elastic and pulling, and felt and looked as my own hard prick sprang out from my pants, bounced up thick and long and so fucking stiff. I kicked my underwear off and stood in front of him, my legs slightly apart, letting him look, savouring the caresses of his gaze, he stared at me, at my exposed erection, at my balls, drawn up, drawn in, up, he knelt up in the bed, I stood, we faced each other, naked, both of us now naked, and looked, stopped to look at the other, I looked at his long thick hard cock as he looked at mine.

"Fuck Tommy you look so fucking good, you've got the most beautiful fucking cock, it's so hard isn't it? Tell me, so fucking hard?"

"Yes, yes I am, my cock is fucking rigid, god, I've never been so fucking hard." 

I looked at myself. I was. My cock was utterly stiff, sticking up straight in front of me, tight, almost painfully erect. He was larger. I realised. This turned me on, suddenly all thoughts of being smaller didn't matter, it turned me on his cock was longer and thicker, fuck, at least, I don't know, at least an inch, at least, he looked huge. I stepped and knelt on the bed, almost touching, both of us tight and drawn, small round pouches, and our cocks, supremely erect, sticking up in front of us, between us, inches apart, his up past his belly button, mine not as long, not quite, not nearly, slight curves of sexual organ pointing up from our groins, both of our stems thick and rigid, mine thicker in the middle, his straight and long, rearing up from inside his body, both of us with large round bulbous smooth cock heads still hidden by soft foreskin. 

I took hold of my penis and stroked myself, pulling my prepuce back, exposing, showing him the shiny wet tip of my cock, I watched him copy my motions, I watched as he gripped his thicker stem, his fingers barely fitting around his large stem, and slowly ease back the soft shield from over his large bulb, I saw him, I saw the tip of his cock for the first time, dark, red, smooth, fatter than mine, bigger, but already as wet, shiny with the fluid of his arousal. 

"I want, fuck, I want to masturbate for you, I want you to watch me, I want to watch you."

"Yes, fuck let me see you stroke your hard cock for me Tommy, hold it, go on, stroke your beautiful hard cock for me."

I did, I held my rigid stem and started to masturbate, looking at his erect penis as I did, looking at him looking, at me, at my hand, as I moved up and down, showing, exposing my tender swollen tip, the lips of my opening, I watched him do the same, he held his cock and moved his soft skin over his long shaft, longer, god, I watched him grip and stroke himself, longer thicker, I stared at his stiff penis as I rubbed mine, our glistening bulbs almost touching, then touching, he moved himself forward and stroked the slippery tip of his prick against mine, I let him, I didn't move away.

I carried on masturbating, for him, with him, looking at him looking, I sat up straighter, we both did, closer again, I could see his tight beautiful balls, the hidden root of his swollen rod, and again the dark cleft of his ass, I knew he could see mine, the soft skin of my buttocks. We stroked our bare pricks together, matching the other's rhythm, hearing the wet squelch of skin moving over slick wet skin, I sped up, we both quickened our pace, I felt my balls slap as I saw his move and jump within his scrotum, banging against his thighs.
