 I was hanging with my online buddy for a couple of hours, we were talking about sex as per usual and things were beginning to get a little hot and heavy. We were writing a story together about a couple of guys who were best friends, straight best friends, who ended up in bed together after an evening of partying. It started out as a simple massage and turned into much more than that, so much more than that. In a way, it seemed to reflect what it may be like if we ever chose to meet one another in real life.

I heard a knock at the door, a loud knock. At about the same time my buddy said that he had to sign off, real life was calling and all that went along with life in general. I said, "Later." to my friend, minimized the screen and headed downstairs to answer the door.

I swung the door open, not thinking anything of it; I mean, why would you, right? Standing before me were two guys, guys from my sordid past, big guys. One of them already had his foot stuck in the door, knowing that as soon as I eyeballed him, my reaction would be to close the door quickly.

In my recent past, I was involved in some drug use, using, as well as buying and selling, but I made a clean break of it. I didn't use anymore so had consequently given up distributing the unmentionables to friends and acquaintances alike, some of my so called 'clients' had decided to take offense to this and, consequently, hassled me about supplying them or 'hooking them up'.

"Look, Travis, I told you guys before. I don't have anything. I don't do it anymore, I quit man..."

My protests fell on deaf ears as Travis and his sidekick, a guy by the name of Mark, pushed their way inside my house. I heard the flick of the blade and knew they meant business. "Shit." I muttered under my breath, as the larger of the two men smiled coldly down at me.

"We don't believe you, Nick, we're coming in. We just wanna talk to you and have a look around. You've crossed us before so just let us do what we came here to do and the situation will be easier on everyone, especially you, Nick!"

This last line imparted directly into my ear as the blade from Travis's knife pressed dangerously close to my exposed throat.

"So, Nick, what were you doing before we arrived for our little visit?" quipped Mark as they directed me up the stairs into the main part of the house.

"Err, nothing man, just hanging on the computer, talking to a friend." I replied, silently thanking any deity that I had minimized my screen before heading downstairs.

Travis headed up the stairs, directly to where he assumed the office would be, "You shut the computer off Nick?"

"Yeah."

"We wouldn't want it on live view, now would we? Never know who could be watching or listening," Travis yelled from the office. I could hear him searching through my stuff, moving things around.

"Its not on live, Travis, I don't even have a camera here."

"Oh yeah? What about a live microphone feed?"

"Fuck, Travis, you said you just wanted to talk man, so let's talk."

I was beginning to feel more than a little apprehensive as Travis walked over to the computer, telling Mark to bring me into the office so we could 'talk' there. If Travis decided to maximize the screen I would be more than a little embarrassed and Travis and Mark would have a heyday.

"Mark, for fucks sake, let go man, I can walk by myself," I managed to say before I felt a heavy fist embed itself into my gut.

"Uuugh, fuck."

Mark led me to the office and shoved me down into the chair. Travis sat on the edge of the desk, smirking, the computer screen now maximized. Everything I had been saying to my buddy in large glaring words on the screen. I felt my stomach drop and cringed inwardly.

"So, Nick, what were you lookin' at on the computer?" a taunting Travis questioned loudly, looking back to the screen and getting a good look at the, obviously, male male sex action currently displayed.

"Not much, you know, just surfin' the net...why, what did you want to talk about?" I answered, desperately trying to take his attention away from the computer and focus it back on me.

"Hey, Nick, you a faggot now?"

"No man I'm not a faggot, I was just..."

"Mark, get a load of this, this err...whatever it was that Nick here was lookin' at. Seems to me Nick likes guys."

"Fuck you Travis. Let's just talk ok, man, and turn that off. I'll get you guys a beer..." I started getting up from the chair to get beers when, "Hey...fuck man...uggh" I was back sitting in the chair in a flash, courtesy of Mark.

"Sit down, Nick, let's read it together...out loud!"

"I don't want to read it out loud; it's none of your fuckin' business, go fuck yourselves."

Then it started; the beating I knew I was going to get at the hands of these two. The first blow hit me square across my lower jaw, my body propelled back into the chair. The second blow glanced just off the side of my head.

"Nick, you know better than to tell me to go fuck myself...don't learn too quick do you. Need a little refresher in how to deal with bigger and stronger guys? Hold him Mark!"

Smack, "DON'T-" smack, "YOU-" smack, "SWEAR-" smack, "AT-" smack, "ME-" smack, "AGAIN!"

Four blows to my balls and lower stomach, two to my face! I sat there unable to bend over, unable to stop the torrent of blows that rained down on me while Mark held me and Travis beat me.

"Shit Travis, let up a bit man, he can't defend himself and..."

"You want a smack too, Mark?"

"No Travis, it's just that..."

"Shut the fuck up, Mark!"

Quite suddenly, it stopped; I opened my rapidly swelling eyes, Travis' angry but handsome face inches from my own. I could feel his hot breath as he panted a little trying to slow his heart rate after pummeling me.

"Okay, let him go," he whispered quietly to Mark.

Breathing harshly, my hands went from my lower stomach, and then to my face, trying to stop my nose from bleeding.

"You're a fuckin' prick Travis! You know that?"

"Jesus Nick, you have a smart mouth. You like getting' smacked around or something?"

"No Travis, I just think it's pathetic you gotta have someone hold me in order to be able to beat me." Another smack to the side of my head, "Ouuugh...asshole!"

"Now, let's start again Nick, let's have a good look at what you were lookin' at, what you were writing. Read it to me. Now!"

I looked toward Mark, who was standing there laughing. Travis was just sitting there waiting. I started to read it quickly, attempting to get through this as fast as I could.

"Nick, for fucks sake, slow down. I can't quite hear everything your saying. Can you, Mark?"

"No man, slow down and speak up a bit, Nick."

Travis suddenly moved from the desk and came around behind the chair I was sitting in. He grabbed my arms and yanked them roughly behind my back!

"Travis that hurts man!" I groaned abruptly.

"Shut up, Nick, and keep reading. Mark, let's just see if little Nick here is a faggot shall we, start rubbing him while I hold him."

"FUCK MAN, TRAVIS, DON'T BE SUCH A FUCKIN' JERK!" I screamed at him.

I struggled to free myself. It was useless with Travis holding my arms.

"Come on, Nick, read."

"Fuck you, Travis!"

"Mark, undo his pants, hurry up."

This was going from bad to worse, fast. Mark undid the top button of my jeans and unzipped me, looking me straight in the eye and ran his fingernail down the length of my semi aroused cock which was quickly becoming more than semi aroused.

"Look why the fuck are we doin' this guys, let's just talk okay?"

"Read, Nick!"

"No, Travis!"

"I-" smack, "said-" smack, "read!" smack.

"Fucking prick." I whispered under my breath.

I finally started to read again, trying to keep it monotone, trying desperately not to get any harder than I already was. This was extremely difficult, as I was reading about my friend slowly unbuckling my belt, his fingers sliding my zipper down, tooth by tooth. He sank his tongue deeply into my mouth, exploring me, tasting me, as I groaned my excitement against his mouth, grinding my crotch into his large hand, my throbbing hard on aching to be set free.

"Hey Travis, I think Nick is a faggot, he's getting harder by the second." Mark breathed against my ear as he continued his slow stroking of my now rigid cock, flicking the tip of his tongue over my sensitive earlobe.

"Maybe that's because your stroking me. Are you gay, Mark? Travis must be, he started this whole fucking thing, and you guys must be fuck-friends!" I moaned this out, my breath ragged, my voice harsh and desperate; I was actually moving my hips to meet Mark's strokes. I told myself to stop when I realized what I was doing.

"Sonofabitch, let the fuck go!" I gasped," Please, stop!" Mark grabbed my nuts, squeezing hard, Travis laughed, his breath hot against the back of my neck. "Look man, I'll try, okay? I'll try to find you some stuff, just let me go, we really don't need to go here," I whimpered.

Travis suddenly starts to read the story, whispering it almost in my ear. Mark continued to stroke me, alternating the pressure, the speed of his hand, rubbing the pad of his thumb over the head of my now drooling cock. His other hand tugging my jeans all the way down and off, spreading my legs wide and then letting his fingers, wet with my precum slide across my pucker. I arched my back, gasping, not wanting this, yet at the same time desperately in need of release. I felt him push one finger inside of me, I groaned and tried to pull away, he was relentless, adding a second finger, then a third.

"Who is this friend of yours Nick? What's he like? Have you fucked him yet?" Travis drawled, his breathing getting faster as he reached inside his pants and began to stroke himself with one hand, while still holding my arms behind me with his other. 

"Why, you jealous Travis?" I whispered back, barely in control at this point, so close to that edge. Well, that was good for another smack. I didn't care anymore; I was completely overwhelmed. I wanted to cum but I didn't want it to be because of this, by these guys. I tried one last time to stop the inevitable, closing my eyes, thinking about other things, it was no use. Mark suddenly began pumping my cock faster, his fingers working my hole deeper, it was way too late. I felt myself building, the edge of the cliff closer, and I was rushing to meet it.

Have you ever tried to stop it, I mean really, really tried?

Guess what, you can't!

I was over the edge and tumbling down the other side, my cock thickened, "Fuuuuuccckkkkkk!" I groaned gutturally, as I began shooting spurt after spurt of hot cum all over Mark's hand, while he finger fucked my ass and Travis shot his thick load all over my face and into my open mouth.