 This is my first story so hopefully it will go fine. This will probably be a 2-4 parts depending on how it goes. 

*****

My name is Robert and I'm a 21 year old male with raging hormones and no girlfriend. Back in high school I had a few girlfriends and we did some oral stuff and I did fuck a couple girls and one of my teachers but I've been focusing so much in college I haven't had time for a girlfriend. But even though my sex life is nonexistent that doesn't stop me from hanging out with my friends. All of them are perfect and we all share a love for nerd stuff. 

One mid June day after a long day of hanging out with some friends we were all deciding to start heading home. We were hanging out at our friend Alex's house who was home alone for the next few weeks. His parents were on vacation. It was funny because they were at a couples retreat with my parents as well as some of our other friends parents since we were all very close. Alex is 22 and he was always fun and cool to be around. He was also annoying because he was so damn horny all the time. 

He often talked about how he needs sex and would often go on tinder for quick fucks every now and then. Sometimes he would just bang the neighbors whether it was a mother, daughter or both. He acted like it was the easiest thing in the world just getting laid everyday. It wasn't hard for him because he was European and had that sexual vibe most Europeans have, plus he was ripped and often told us of his 8-inch flaccid. He also would ditch us to bang some hoe or beat his meat. 

I was the most jealous because I had no one. Two of our other friends (who I'll mention later) have girlfriends and our other friend is gay and has a boyfriend. His name is Dave. He is 21 and is a close friend of ours and he made our group interesting being the gay guy. But we'll get to learn more about Dave later. 

Everyone eventually left but it was still Alex and I. I eventually started having some erotic thoughts and wanted to rub one out but I was still at Alex's. I really needed to jerk off but i didn't want to go because we were having a lot of fun. But my dick needed attention too so I decided to leave and I could tell he was a bit disappointed. I told him I felt it was getting late so I started making my way out. I was just about to leave when I realized I left my Nintendo Switch in there. I cursed to myself because this means it would take longer to get home. 

I walked back in and went down into his soundproof basement to get the game. As soon as I opened the door I was greeted with sight of a naked Alex. He was spread eagle on the couch watching pornhub on his tv and was just as shocked to see me. 

We were silent for a few moments which felt like hours. My eyes had darted to his crotch where his big dick was throbbing, looking like it was going to explode. I nearly chuckled at the sight because his 8 inch flaccid turned out to be 8 inch hard. How do I know the difference? Well I don't talk about my sex life but I am sporting 9 inches soft with a 3 inch width. 

Enough about my wonderful meat stick, let's get back to the situation. We were staring each other down until I finally broke the silence. "I left my switch here and I just wanted to grab it before I left. So I'm just going to grab it and go." 

Alex noticed I seemed very calm and then asked" Yeah that's fine but here's a good question, why are you so calm that you just saw me jerking off?" 

"Well it's for three reasons." I said. 

"1. It's because we're close friends so I don't care what I see. 2. It's because we're men, we all have the same thing, we do the same thing. And 3. I find it ironic because the whole reason I was leaving was because I was going home to do that." 

Alex then said "Yeah, that's reasonable. I was actually hoping you would leave soon because I also wanted to jerk off but I also didn't want you to go because we were having a lot of fun."

I then got a wicked idea. I said to him "Well if you want I don't have to leave. Since it seems like we are both pretty comfortable with each other I can just stay and we can... you know... jerk off together." His eyes widened and seemed uncomfortable. "It wouldn't be gay because we aren't touching each other, we are just two simple guys who wanna have more fun but need to get off every once in a while" I explained. He pondered my idea for a minute. 

"Alright, that should be fine. Just sit at the opposite end of the couch and let's try not to make eye contact" Alex said. So I started undressing myself. I was 190lbs with a minor six pack, I wasn't as ripped as him, and then I revealed my glory pole which he looked shocked at and he probably wished he had my beast. I sat down on the end of the couch and then grabbed the remote from his hand. 

I changed it to some free premium porn on a site I know about and picked the one where Kieran Lee gets to fuck both Nicolette Shea and Moriah Mills. Alex liked my taste in porn and we started beating ourselves off. It was 15 minutes in that I started stealing glances at Alex and I noticed he started looking at me. I'm going to admit. For a while I was bi-curious and wondered what it was like to suck or be fucked by cock. I was thinking about trying it out with Dave to see if I really am but that plan never came to fruition. I just decided I was straight but being in this situation made me think differently. 

I also noticed it got slightly warmer in the room and I started having a burning desire for another persons touch. During the video at different points I would slightly shift towards Alex. I thought it was a bad idea until I felt Alex shift himself right next to me and was now touching me my right side to his left side. He also had been shifting himself to get to me. We said nothing as we now jerked off side by side. I took it a step further and crossed my leg with his and he followed suit. I was ready for the next part. 

"So? Do you wanna try something?" I asked and he looked at me and nodded. I said "How about we jerk each other off because it's not gay if we just imagine it's a woman doing it." He agreed by grabbing my swollen cock and I grabbed his. I loved the way his cock felt and I loved how good it felt to have his hand on mine. 

At this point I didn't care if it was a male or female hand and I was starting to question my sexuality because I never wanted my friends hand to leave my cock and I never wanted to let go of his. I started moaning and so did he. I kinda just got caught up in the fierce handjob session I forgot we were watching porn. I was nearing the edge and so was he. 

"Alex, I... I don't know how much more I can take. Give me a tissue so I can absorb my cum."

He told me there weren't anymore tissues and to just let it loose because he doesn't mind and does it all the time. We both moaned out each other's names as our jizz intertwined as it flew through the air. We were still side hugging and gripping each other while we sat there recovering from the amazing beat session. 

We looked at each other as if to say something to each other. After catching our breath we were both surprised at what happened next. I leaned in and kissed him and rather then pull back and slap me he relaxed into the kiss. When we pulled back he asked "Why did you kiss me?" 

"Because it felt right and I know you wanted too." I replied. He replied positively when he kissed me and we just had a full blown make out session. 

After five minutes I asked the question, "So I guess after tonight we're bi now, because I still love fucking chicks but I wouldn't mind kissing you and rubbing your dick again. How about you?" 

He answered, "I never thought I would ever touch another mans dick but I don't want to ever stop touching yours and I still like banging my neighbors. So yes, I'm bi now too. But let's not tell our friends, it'll be better to keep this a secret." 

"Agreed" I said with a smile. "Hey Alex?" 

"Yes Robert?" 

"Do you wanna be my boyfriend?" 

"Only if you'll be mine." We leaned in and made out once more. While making out I pulled him onto my lap and he wrapped his legs around me so that our cocks were touching. 

I stopped making out to tell him I think we should go and start getting ready for bed. Since our houses were both devoid of parents I didn't have to text my parents telling them I'm sleeping over at Alex's. It was also great because we didn't have to worry about his parents seeing us walk naked to his bedroom. 

We climbed into bed together and wrapped our legs together facing each other so that we could make out and touch tips as we fell asleep. Before I went to bed I started thinking about our future together and how great it's going to be. I wonder when we'll have our first blowjobs and 69ing's and who will initiate the first anal. I'm glad I left my switch behind or else we wouldn't be here right now passionately kissing each other. 

"I love you Alex." 

"I love you too Robert." 

Our dicks squirted out some more jizz, coating our bodies with our love juice, before we finally fell asleep. 

To be continued...