 I entered the smoky, dimly lit bar and sat in a stool next to the runway. Pinpoints of lights twinkled overhead in a starry, starry night of aroused anticipation. A lithe blond hunk sauntered over to me, two glasses and a bottle of bubbly in hand. He stood close to me, our pelvises touching in electric connection, as he arched his torso away from me, a teasing smile on his lips. We drank as we explored each other with our eyes and he undressed me with his baby blues. Beams of colored lights slowly emerged, bouncing off a twirling silver ball in the ceiling, and music rose from a hidden band. He laughed, blew me a kiss, and stood and mounted the runway.

He slowly, sensuously stripped down, and then he was dancing. There were shouts of approval and enthusiasm all around us, but he was dancing just for me. He stood on the runway close in front of me, his heavy cock and balls slowly swaying to the music of the band as he danced in undulating rhythm, his long blond hair waving around his head. I pulled his cock to me with my soft eyes and made love to it. He laughed and arched his back. His hips gyrated and wiggled and pumped as he danced above me, thrusting his throbbing cock at me, again and again. He sighed and moaned for me. I arched my back in sexual exhilaration and ecstasy, as the lights bouncing off the silver ball intensified and burbling applause and catcalls flooded in on us. But he was dancing just for me.

He pranced out on the runaway, dancing sweeping movements for the music and audience, and then he returned to me. We entwined our arms and smoked a cigarette and whispered endearments to each other. And he mounted my lap then and did a dance just for me. And we found a breath-stealing rhythm with our hips, as I squeezed his rounded butt cheeks and made love to his lips and taut nipples with my soft, searching mouth.

I drove him out to my beach house with the top down, his long blond hair streaming in the wind, his laughter floating on the air. We glided down between the dunes and ocean to a misty, dimly lit stretch of sand. Pinpoints of lights twinkled overhead in a starry, starry night of aroused anticipation. He spread the blanket as I poured bubbly into two glasses. He stood close to me, our pelvises touching in electric connection, as he arched his torso away from me, a teasing smile on his lips. We drank as we explored each others bodies with anxious hands through our moist, clinging clothes. Curves and crevasses. Cheeks, tits, bellies, navels, thighs, cocks, balls, and asses. He undressed me with his roaming hands. Pink and lavender fingers of the rising sun appeared on the ocean horizon, and the sound of the waves amplified. He laughed, kissed me deeply, and stood and slid out onto the sand.

He slowly, sensuously stripped down, and then he was dancing. The seagulls wheeled and cawed overhead, shouting their approval and enthusiasm, but he was dancing just for me. He stood close in front of me in the sand, his heavy cock and balls slowly swaying to the music of the surf and soaring seagulls as he danced in undulating rhythm, his long blond hair waving around his head. I pulled his cock to me with my soft mouth and made love to it. He laughed and arched his back. I pulled him down to the blanket below me and slid my cock into his puckered asshole. My hips gyrated and wiggled and pumped as I danced above him, thrusting my throbbing cock into him, again and again. He sighed and moaned for me. I arched my back in sexual release and ecstasy, as the morning light bouncing off the dancing waves intensified and his ass canal was flooded deep with my burbling semen. I was dancing just for him.

He pranced out onto the sand, dancing sweeping movements for the crashing waves and careening seagulls, and then he returned to me. We entwined our arms and smoked a cigarette and whispered endearments to each other. And he mounted my lap then, lowering his treasure slit onto my throbbing rod once more, and we danced for each other, finding a breath-stealing rhythm with our hips, as I squeezed his rounded butt cheeks and made love to his lips and taut nipples with my soft, searching mouth. I stretched and filled his undulating ass canal with my probing, plowing, dancing cock and, in time, with waves and waves of my man juice, my wiggling sperm dancing around deep inside the core of him, dancing just for him.