 Chapter 6 - The morning after 

Alex and Will recover from the Charity Ball.

I awoke, daylight streaming through the windows, I smelled fresh coffee, I was alone, the bed was empty, my brain went into overdrive, last night, charity ball, Will wow, I felt my cock ache, I peeked under the covers, it was caked, as was my chest. Fuck, where was Will?

As if on cue he appeared in the bedroom, wearing silk pyjamas and a silk robe carrying a tray with fresh orange juice and coffee. 

"Morning boss, coffee/juice?"

"Wow, somebody's looking refreshed this morning." I replied. 

"Well after last night, I slept like a baby, best sleep in ages, by the way, then when I woke you were purring like a pussy cat, I didn't have the heart to waken you, so I went for a shower and what not, by the way that shower is truly amazing."

"Thanks." I replied smiling, lifting the sheet and sniffing I looked at him, "Think I could do with one." Will laughed, "Look give me 10 minutes and I'll join you for that pointing to the tray, it looks wonderful." 

"Very good sir." As he spun on his heels and retreated to the lounge, I got up and headed for the shower.

Will was right the shower was amazing brought my body back to life in an instant, drying off, teeth and mouth rinse a spray of cologne. I followed his lead and slipped on silk pyjamas and a robe. Going back into the bedroom I pulled the sheets and pillow cases from the bed and put them in the linen basket, retrieving a clean set I laid them on the bed ready for later. I headed for the lounge looking for my phone.

"Feeling better Boss?" He asked as I leant forward and gave him a kiss, he responded to the kiss, as did my cock, fuck why did he have to be so sexy, I thought. 

"You haven't seen my phone, have you?" 

"On the counter beside your laptop, I brought it through when I tidied up and popped it on charge." 

"Argh, great thanks." Spinning round and heading for the kitchen, retrieving them both I returned and sat down beside him. 

"Coffee?" He asked. 

"Oh yes please," As I fired up the laptop laid it down and checked my phone, messages galore, I quickly sifted through them, as I started on the orange juice, emptying it, I quickly replaced it with the coffee, oh that was good, going back to the messages there was one from Susan, thanking me for my support and she would love if she could pop round probably about 10, I checked the time it was after nine, "bloody hell!" 

Will looked at me startled, "Everything ok?"

"Yeah everything's fine," as I put an arm around him, "I just realised how late it was." He leant forward and gave me a kiss, "That's the cause," I laughed giving him a playful slap. 

Picking up the laptop I checked a couple of messages filing them away for later, I opened the link from Chris my snapper from last night, and the pics from last night started to load up, scooting closer to Will we cuddled up on the couch sharing the lap top as I started to go through the pics. As we scrolled through them I picked up my phone and started to send him a message. 

"Are you okay with the first shot being published?" 

"Would our names be on it?"

"Not if you don't want." He looked at me. 

"Is that okay?" 

"Sure, they would probably just go in a collage of the party goers." 

"Okay, "no names though." 

"Fine."

I messaged Chris saying great pics free to use posed one but no names. Alex. Ps really good job!!

"These are really good." 

"Yep, he's done a great job for his first solo event." 

"What, he looked so cool, very professional."

I laughed, "It's all a mask he was shitting himself earlier, he lacks a bit of self confidence that was why I sent him for this job as I knew I could keep an eye on him. I don't need to worry anymore, he's cracked it."

We continued to scroll through them, "There seems to be a heck of a lot of us." 

"Boss's privilege." I replied smiling at him, spotting one of us doing the Gay Gordon's, "Wow your kilt was flaring out nicely, exposing a fair bit of thigh, I love that." Blowing it up on the screen. 

"I didn't think it was moving so high up, you don't feel it." Shaking his head in disbelief.

We continued our trawl through the multitude of pics, commenting on them, laughing, remembering the moment, we were really engrossed I slipped my arm around him, he looked at me, gave me a delicate kiss, I moaned in pleasure, my cock rising, he slid down turning and putting his legs up on the couch, he was now lying across my lower chest inches from my rising cock, he looked at the movement in my robe, then up at me, a smile emerging, I looked at him and shook my head, moving the laptop, shielding my rising erection from him, we continued browsing the pics, he had even caught us both at the disco, Will in my arms as we had kissed, undoing each other's ties, he cropped in tight on us they were superb shots, he'd captured the atmosphere, sexual tension between us, my cock twitched.

"I take it you like that as well?" Will had moved his legs slightly, I looked down at him. 

"It's magical, so erotic, I love it." 

Clicking a few buttons, "Right you've got a copy, but I'll get the rest sorted out this week and send you them as well." Will reached up and kissed me. 

"Thanks Boss."

I laughed, just then my phone pinged, picking it up, it was Chris thanking me for my earlier message, I quickly messaged back "are your ears burning? Will and I are just looking at the pics in more detail, first off did you snap anybody else? next a huge thank you from us both they are absolutely fantastic, I couldn't have done any better and lastly 10.30am tomorrow my office please, thanks again A." pressing send I went back to the pics Will was still going through them, Chris answered me back. "PHEW cheers Boss cu am" My phone pinged again "sorry forgot, earlier" sent you link for what I sent to Ms Crawford" I sent him back a thumbs up emoji.

"How are we doing?" I asked, as I returned to watching the screen.

"Just finishing." 

"Eh no you're not." He looked up at me quizzically, clicking thru some menus I retrieved the link Chris had sent launching a whole new gallery, "This is what Chris has sent the charity. Do you want to keep going?" 

"Yeah of course."

We carried on moving thru them quicker this time though, my phone chimed this time. 

"Christ does that ever stop Alex?" Don't they know you're busy with a man in your lap?" 

"Ha ha." I said as I checked the phone and pressed a couple of keys. "That wasn't the phone." 

"It was I heard it." Looking at me puzzled. 

Laughing I held up my hand and put my finger to my lips. 

"Hi Bois, you guys decent?" Came a voice. 

"Susan, she rang the bell, I buzzed her in." 

"You and your gadgets." He burst out laughing, just as Susan breezed into the room.

"Morning." I said turning to welcome her. 

"Wow Alex what's this," Indicating our attire. "After 10 and your lounging around, what's happened to you, you're normally stuck behind your desk by now."

I smiled and lifted the lap top up, "See, ok." 

"Well Will I don't know what you're doing to him," pointing at me, laughing. "But please keep it up." 

"Oh, I certainly intend to keep it up." he laughed, I laughed, she realised what she had said.

"Will," she retorted, "You're as bad as him." 

"You said it Susan." I laughingly replied, "So what do we owe this honour on a Sunday morning?"

"Have you seen the pics," she gushed, I lifted the laptop, showing her the screen, "Oh that's only the start wait till you get into them," she went on. "What have you been doing, no don't answer that." She laughed. 

"Well we had been looking through the pics that Chris had done for us." 

"Agh that explains the late edition he sent me. Anyway, they are fabulous, my phone hasn't stopped, since I sent the link to the committee, they love them, best ever." 

"Oh, thanks Susan." I responded, grumpily. She came over and grabbed me in a hug, partly smothering me. 

"Oh, you know what I mean. I've got Ann uploading them now on to the website gallery, I bet we do even better than last year." As she plonked herself down beside us. "Who's making the coffee then?"

Leaving Will the laptop, he turned back and sat up adjusting his robe and immediately putting the laptop on his lap I smiled at him winked and blew him a kiss. Moving thru to the kitchen I asked if it was coffee all-round, they both replied yes, setting up the machine, I returned standing behind the sofa. "So, Susan how did the night go?" 

"Well, by the time I got home my phone had been going mad, so I switched it off, but honestly, I think we were a big hit, better than last year, definitely and now seeing all the pics just amazing."

"Yeah, Chris was brilliant I've thanked him and asked him to come in and see me tomorrow morning." Turning I went back through and poured out the coffees. Returning I handed them out settling back in to my spot beside Will.

"So, what have you got planned today boys?" 

"Well nothing really, relaxing probably, recovering from last night, might go out for a run later." As I looked enquiringly at Will. 

"Yes, sounds like a plan," he replied. 

We chatted some more mostly about last night, as we drank our coffees, finishing hers Susan laid the cup down rose up and said that she had loads to do and would leave us in peace, rising up I said I would see her out, walking out she thanked me again, I said no thank you, giving her a peck on the cheek, she hugged me as we reached the door. "Oh I nearly forgot how is the photo shoot going?" 

"It was going fine when I left, Ben has it all in control, models are happy and looking good, the photographer seems happy, so I think everything will be okay." I opened the door and watched her descended the stairs, shouting bye as I closed the door. 

Returning through to the lounge Will was back looking at the pics, standing behind the sofa I put my arms on his shoulders, gently feeling the silk slide back and forth as I slowly massaged his shoulders, he let out a satisfied moan, keeping going I slowly worked down, around his neck, over his breasts, his nipples already hard, stirred my cock, which was rising rapidly now encased in its silken sheath. 

Will put the laptop aside, I could see his silk robe tenting nicely, I managed to get my hands inside his robe and pyjamas, slowly I edged towards his nipples, rock hard, I began to tease them slowly between my fingers he laid his head back, his tongue running over his lips, I leant down and added my tongue, gently caressing his lips, slowly, I was so horny my cock straining, I so wanted him, but I wanted it to last, we continued to kiss, our lips and tongues only grazing each others, building up the sexual tension between us, I could see his cock tenting.

"Open your robe." I whispered to him, he untied it, letting the sides fall away, his cock rose down the leg of his silk pyjamas, I slipped over the top of the couch, moving astride him, feeling his cock under me. His cock was pulsing against my butt, I slowly ground my butt down, as I made my way to his mouth, his hands moved to my hips, slowly caressing me thru the silk, our mouths meet, they open, tongues entwine. My hands caressing his head pulling his face gently but firmly together, beards rubbing together, my cock pulsing on his chest, sensual pleasures rising, body temps rising as we writhe together, I felt his cock moving under me, thick, hard, wonderful.

Our pace increases as we rub our silken clad bodies together, generating more heat between us he breaks our kiss, leaned into me as I rise my body, his mouth on my neck, I pull his head down, his mouth onto my breasts seeking a hard nipple, argh as he nibbled through the silk catching a nipple, omg, I wanted him so bad pulling his head into my silk clad chest, holding him tight, suffocating him on my silk chest, his hands on my back, my ass, my thighs, they are everywhere, caressing my body through the silk, sensations are immense, my cock hardening pulsing, releasing his head, my hands run down his back, his sides, silk sliding under them, likewise, I feel the silk on my back moving under his caresses.

I move rolling to the side holding onto him, we slide along the couch, slithering together, Will on top of me, I pull him up my body silk slipping together against my aching cock, I feel his cock, as he slides up our mouths connect again, this time its hungrier, harder, more fervently, tongues ramming in, our cocks are now rubbing together as we grind our crotches together, my legs wrap around him, pulling him into me, he slides in, silk heating up between us, chests brushing together hard nipples being squashed, my hands on his back flying up and down, I lock my ankles together, I have him trapped, holding him tightly, my body is tingling with pleasure, I feel my sweat, or is it his? 

We stay like this enjoying the mutual pleasures, emanating from our raging hard cocks, we manage to move side to side, rubbing them thru the silk together, crotches rubbing so hard, grinding down then up, left to right, fuck I want his cock. I push him up releasing my ankles freeing him I look up at him as he rises, my hands start on his thighs move inwards, I have his cock, the silk warm, damp around it, my fingers wrap around it forcing the silk like a second skin, I pull him towards me, he resists, he steps off.

I have to release him, he turned around, stepped back up, sitting down onto my chest my hands on his back, his ass, leant forwards, sliding his hands down my silk legs, I pull him back I stretch my neck, I bite his ass, he slides further back, my nose is covered in silk he smells fresh, he felt so hot, my tongue is under him, lapping at the silk adding to the dampness already there, I pull him down, still pulling him back, his knees astride my head, I have him, well his balls anyway, sliding my tongue under them, I lap at them greedily soaking the silk encasing them.

Will slid down my legs pulling the silk tight, trapping my cock, he leant down his nose grazing my shaft, I shudder in pleasure, we slowly slide our bodies into a 69 position, he released my legs, adjusting our bodies, rising up his butt, his cock slips down, I mange to grab it, pulling it, still in silk, my tongue licks at his shaft, oh he tastes so good, I feel him tremble, as I stroke his shaft with my tongue, he seeks for my cock manoeuvring it in the silk, pulling it hard, he leant down, mouth open, tongue seeking me. 

I feel him on my cockhead thru the silk, now damp, he wrapped his mouth around my shaft, argh he is so good, I return with gusto, tasting him, the silk stretching, forming along and around his cock, we alternate, he swallows, I release, I swallow, he releases, I can only take so much of him, the silk prevents further movement up his shaft, but it means I get one hand fondling his ass, whilst the other squeezes his balls, the silk of his trousers are saturated forming a sticky second skin around his cock and balls, he swallowed as much of me as he can before the silk stops him, but it's enough, my cock is throbbing, the pressure mounting, he has gotten me so turned on. 

I keep going on his cock, I feel him start to fuck my face, my orgasm is getting close, I try and rise up slightly, we got our rhythm going faster, faster, oh fuck faster, I'm soaked in sweat, the silk clinging as I felt his throbbing cock miss a beat his ass tightened as does mine, argh I roar thru a mouthful of silk cock as I start to spasm his mouth clamping down on me, just as I felt him erupt.

I start to swallow as it seeps thru the silk, we slowed to a stop our two bodies throbbing against each other eventually he stopped spasaming, sliding up onto his knees as he finished milking my cock, his cock escaped my mouth, I'm gasping for breath, my heart is racing, pins and needles all over my body, as I finished spewing out cum, he releases my cock, exhausted I lie there, still feeling the afterglow, as he slipped over me, sliding to the floor, I needed him, I fall to the floor pulling at him, we manage to get turned together, I held him, he did likewise, we haven't even the strength to kiss. 

I laugh between gasps, he manages to laugh as well, we cling together still experiencing the after tremors, exhausted. Bodies well and truly wrecked.

We sat there on the floor, sweat pouring off of us, our silk pyjamas and robes slightly dishevelled with huge damp patches, the sweat and cum mixing together, I could feel my cum on my leg, my cock slowly deflating, 

"That was so horny." As Will leaned in and gave me a kiss. 

"Tell me about it." As I returned his kiss. 

Embracing one another, revelling in the post sexual glow, kissing each other gently, we were lost in our own world. Eventually though I jokingly said, "I think we should move before we stick to each other." He laughed.

"So what do you have planned for us today?"

"Well, I haven't really thought about it." I replied. "Is there anything you fancy doing?"

"No not really, what would you normally be doing?"

"Probably working." I laughed. "Although this is much more fun," as I kissed him softly on the forehead.

"I thought you were supposed to be taking a break?" As he gently squeezed me.

"Very true, but I'm not used to being free of work."

"Well it's a nice day, forecast is good, why don't we go out for a bit? The fresh air might do us some good"

My mind was racing, what could we do, then it hit me. "Do you fancy a bike ride?"

"Yes," a smile on his face, sitting up. "What have you in mind?"

"We could go out for a ride if you fancy, see a little of the scenery and blow away any cobwebs, what do you think?"

"Sounds good, though holding onto you might just get me all aroused again." He said jokingly, smiling broadly.

"Well as much as I'd enjoy having your legs and arms around me. It might be just a wee bit dangerous." I smiled at him. "So how about you ride one of my bikes?"

"Great, what do I get to play with?"

"Choice is yours, the R6, the Triumph or the Dorsoduro?

"Oh, I Fancy the Dorsoduro" He laughed. "It's not every day I get to sit astride an Italian throbber."

Laughing I poked him in the chest as I rose up, getting to my feet, I pulled him up. "Does everything revolve around sex with you?"

"Only recently," He retorted, "Think it's something to do with the company I'm keeping."

Slapping his butt playfully. "Well we both need to get cleaned up, so go warm up the shower whilst I make a couple of calls. Oh, and don't get any ideas in the shower, we don't have time." As I slapped his butt again. He looked at me with that sad puppy look, as he headed for the bathroom.

Retrieving my phone, I quickly made a call to Duncan, enquiring if it would be possible for us to stop by later, he was thrilled and suggested that we make it around 4pm for some refreshments, thanking him, ending the call I headed for the bathroom.