 Chapter 3- 

Morning at the Spa-Lunch-Visit to the Tailors 

Wakening at my usual 6.30am it was strange but very satisfying to find Will beside me in bed. Slipping out from under the sheets I made my way through to the bathroom slipping off my silk pyjamas and began my normal ritual of the three s's, slipping into a silk robe I returned to find him still asleep. Leaving him alone I went and put the coffee on. 

I was sitting at the breakfast bar with my coffee checking out the latest news on my laptop when Will appeared groggily.

"Coffee?" I asked, as he sat down alongside me. "Good sleep?" 

"Mmmm," he replied, "fantastic, I just love the feeling of these silk pyjamas, so sensual." Smiling at me he went on, "I think I've been on a sexual high since I put them on." He reached out to me as I placed his coffee down, he slipped his arm around my waist, grabbing the belt of my robe and undoing it. 

"Now that is what I like to see." As my cock appeared, slowly rising, leaning down I gave him a kiss, grabbed a hold of his crotch feeling his morning wood. 

"Now as much as I want this," Shaking his crotch, "We have things to do, starting with you getting in the shower so drink up and scoot please, come back when you are nice and fresh ok?" Will pulled a face laughed and trotted off back to the bedroom. 

Watching him walk away in those silk pjs was not good. He was too damn sexy, he knew it, and it wasn't helping my semi reduce, it was having the opposite effect. I went back to my coffee and news, retying my robe in the hope that my cock would soften.

Eventually thankfully, my cock had reduced to a manageable semi, very difficult when I kept thinking of the hottie that was naked in my shower, so I moved back to the dressing room and began to get dressed.

Will appeared just as I'd pulled on a tight pair of silk knit boxers and was busy adjusting my cock and balls. 

"Would you like a hand with that?" As he wrapped his arms around me, the silk of his robe caressing my skin, slipping my hands around to his silken butt I pulled him into me feeling his cock harden against my ass. Releasing him I turned and gave him a kiss.

"We don't have time this now, there will be plenty of time for that later." Will gave me that disappointed puppy look, before breaking out in a large smile. 

"So what is the dress code for today?" I handed him a pair of long black gold toe socks to start with slipping on a similar pair myself, he seemed to be in a very upbeat mischievous mood as he sexily dropped his robe in front of me, not attempting to hide his semi hard cock, which he flaunted in front of me, laughing and shaking my head at him, I handed him a similar pair of tight silk shorts.

"If you don't start behaving," I told him, "I'll have to put your cock in a cage!" He raised an eyebrow at that, a wicked smile on his face.

Getting back to dressing I slipped on a light blue shirt, "Why don't you put on that white satin stripe shirt?" going on "That light grey check suit really suits you, I enjoy how figure hugging it is on you." I meanwhile pulled on a mid navy silk mix suit that had a lovely sheen to it. Opening my tie cupboard, I grabbed a red paisley silk for myself and a predominately grey silk with fine white dots for Will. I then slipped on a pair of shinny tan pointed toe brogues as Will slipped on black patent pointed toe slip on shoes.

I helped him attach a pair of grey silk braces, allowing myself the chance to fondle his suited butt which he seemed to push out as I caressed it, turning around I adjusted his tie correctly ensuring that the knot was perfect. He then adjusted my own tie, before helping me with my braces, although he seemed to be more interested in groping me. Laughing at him I handed him a pair of silver cufflinks attaching a set to my own shirt.

We slipped on our jackets I opened a drawer and pulled out a white silk square which I folded flat and proceeded to place in Will's top pocket, then similarly I placed a matching red paisley silk square in my own pocket.

Checking each other out and in the mirror, we smiled at each other. 

We are hot." Will announced.

"Definitely, as I patted his suited butt, "Right then let's get going." Walking out of the dressing room and heading for the door, down the stairs and into the courtyard. 

Driving through the city was easy at this time of the day. 

"So what are we going to the spa for?"

"Well," I said, "after yesterday's exertions, we could probably do with a little pampering to rejuvenate us, so I had booked a package of treatments for us." 

"Oh, okay what treatments are we getting then?"

"Well I've arranged for a massage, facial, wax and ... ," 

"Wax? What you've booked a wax, what?" He retorted.

"Yes, as you know I am hairless, you also know that I prefer my partners to be the same, you did say that you liked the feel of a hairless cock, if you don't want to do it, fine, but at least give it a try." Reaching over I slowly fondled his crotch, "After all if you don't like it, it will soon grow back, though," I went on "I'll bet that you keep it." Smiling at him squeezing his thigh.

Parking up we quickly walked through the hotel to the spa where we were greeted by Michelle.

"Good morning gentlemen, everything is ready for you, if you would like to go through and change into your robes, once you are ready if you would make your way through to the treatment suite, I will meet you there." 

"Thanks Michelle." I replied as we headed into the changing room. The changing room was empty as we stripped off, putting our suits etc into the lockers and donning our fluffy robes, before heading thru to the treatment suite. 

Michelle was waiting introducing her colleague Jacqui, she then confirmed that we were both having a full lower wax, I looked at Will, he looked nervous but nodded. 

"I said that was correct, however that Will was a bit apprehensive," She smiled at him.

"Well In that case you're coming with me," As she took his hand and guided him to the table, "Now I can assure you that you will feel the benefits of a wax, there is nothing to worry about I am going to look after you personally and there was nothing to fear, but I will would stop if you are not happy". He nodded. "Ok gents can you drop your robes and get on the tables and we will get started." 

The ladies were very efficient, very professional, Will seemed slightly embarrassed when Michelle was working on his cock balls, as he seemed to start getting hard, I laughed and pointed at my own semi, the Ladies didn't seem to be bothered in the least, carrying on as if it was a normal occurrence. It took them around and hour to finish. 

"Ok gents can you go through to the plunge pool for around twenty minutes which will help in cooling you down, I will be back for you then."

Slipping in I couldn't help but stare at Will's semi hard cock, as he slipped in beside me, it looked even more erotic bereft of its hairy frame. 

"So how does it feel?" Grabbing hold of him. "Is everything okay?" he looked at me smiled, then planted a kiss on my lips, we snogged for a couple of minutes, during this I slipped a hand down and fondled his hairless cock, I felt him sigh as his cock rapidly hardened in my hand, breaking the kiss he looked at me.

"Thank you it feels wonderful and sexy and I now appreciate why others do it." I released him, sinking into the warm scented water.

"Well we have twenty minutes in which to try and reduce the size of our hardons," Will looked at me, shook his head.

"Not a chance," he replied, we both erupted in fits of laughter.

Michelle returned as promised handing us towels to cover our embarrassing semis, escorting us back through to the suite where she and Jacqui began our facials and massages. Sometime later, having dozed off under the expertise of Jacqui, I woke to find Will in a similar state, just as the ladies announced that the treatment was over and that we were free to go, helping us on with our robes and handing us each a small gift bag, explaining that it was a jar of moisturiser for us, that if applied daily would help prevent rapid growth and also keep the skin well nourished. Thanking her we made our way back to the changing room.

"Well?" I asked Will, "How do you feel?" 

Will turned away from me dropped his robe and admired himself in the mirror, running his hands over and around his cock and balls, caressing them, before turning back around, huge grin on his face, sporting a huge hard on, hands on hips thrusting his crotch towards me.

"Well what do you think?" 

"Okay stud, if we don't hurry up and get dressed we would be getting thrown out for committing an indecent act." Will laughed, turned back to the mirror admiring himself whilst slowly feeling his bare skin around his groin. I couldn't help but playfully slap his exposed and delightfully looking hairless buttocks, making him jump.

"Come on get a move on." He turned back to me, gave me a kiss on the cheek. 

"Yes Boss."

Suitably redressed, well nearly, Will was sporting quite a bulge, thank goodness he was wearing tight shorts, we made our way out of the hotel and into the street, I explained that it was better to leave the car where it was as the tailors was only a short walk and that we had time for a spot of lunch on the way. We chatted as we walked I pointed out some interesting shops/places, I found it very difficult to keep my hands to myself and would frequently touch his arm, back, guiding him as we walked along, enjoying the texture of his suit. We did get a few admiring looks from passerby's, after all, we were both dressed to thrill, Will was looking so hot and bulging nicely.

I suggested a light lunch, as we entered George Square, he agreed, and we made our way over to the Millennium. I asked the maître d for a window seat which he obliged, seated across from each other we perused the menu, whilst playing footsie under the table, rubbing our suited legs together. 

"I don't know about you boss," Will commented, "But I am rather hard." 

"You're not the only Will, I seem to be in a permanent state of arousal when I'm with you." Smiling at him, his leg gently caressing against mine.

Scanning the room I motioned to a young waiter, he made his way over to us.

"Yes gents how can I help you?"

"Thank you, could you show my colleague to the wash room?" Will looked at me in horror as the waiter stepped back to allow him to rise, holding his napkin in place till the last minute before revealing a rather substantial bulge that was very obvious especially to the young waiter, whose eyes widened and a slight smirk appeared on his face. Will appeared to be blushing slightly as he glared at me before he quickly followed the young waiter, who appeared to be swaying his butt slightly more than he had previously, as he walked Will thru the restaurant to the Wash room. It appeared that nobody was noticing Will's predicament, apart from me, I was enjoying the sight of his suited butt swaying as he manoeuvred thru the restaurant. 

Watching Will disappear I turned my attentions to one of my favourite pastimes, suit watching, but unfortunately as this was a weekend they were few and far between, and too be honest were of a pretty poor standard, so I started to check out the other diners, unfortunately they seemed to be mostly tourists, so I then turned my attentions to the waiters, they were all very young, but well turned out in their uniforms.

Tight fitting waistcoats purple Ascot ties and black trousers or skirts. Looking around though I couldn't see our waiter, however a few minutes later he reappeared, adjusting his tie as he entered the dining room, looking straight at me he blushed, just over his shoulder I saw Will entering the dining room. You dirty little slut I thought you've had your way with the waiter.

Sitting back down I noticed Will had managed to adjust his bulge. 

"So tell me Will, did the waiter manage to assist you with your errant bulge?" 

"Oh he wanted to Sir," He replied smiling, "However I managed to convince him that I could manage without his help, though it was very difficult, he is, after all Sir, quite cute." I smiled at Will, we had discussed previously his and my liking of role play, and it seemed that Will was keen to have some fun. 

"After all Sir, you hadn't given me permission to behave like that." A cheeky smile appearing across his face.

"Thank you for your honesty Will." I will certainly remember this, as we continued with our meal, our conversation now taking a more formal twist, although with a definite sexual undertone. 

Our game of footsie had continued with Will having slipped his foot out of his shoe, then slipping it under my trouser leg, his toes grazing up and down my lower calf, that and the conversation was making it very difficult for my hardening cock, pushing against my tight silk boxers. How I wished his foot was playing with my cock, turning the conversation back to his encounter with the young waiter. 

"So Will, what did you think of the young waiter?" He smiled. 

"Well I was quite taken by him, which for me was unusual as I wasn't normally attracted to younger guys." 

"So given the opportunity would you want to fuck him, or would you prefer to be fucked by him?" That slight blush to his neck reappeared, he looked down at the table. 

"Well to be honest sir I actually fancy both." I laughed at him. 

"Well Will, if you get the opportunity again, you should try it." Smiling at him

"Thank you sir."

"So Will, what would you do if I were to ask the waiter over, then ask him to escort you to the wash room and to assist you in relieving yourself?" Will looked straight at me a startled look on his face. I turned around and catching the young waiter's eye, beckoned him over. Will looked at me mortified, that slight red tinge to his neck was spreading rapidly as the waiter came over. I smiled at him.

"What can I do for you Sir?" As he arrived at our table. I looked at him smiling, making a point of checking him out, before I looked at Will who was looking like he wanted the floor to swallow him up. 

"Could we have the bill please?" I made sure he saw me checking out his crotch before he turned and walked away, I watched him move thru the restaurant his ass moving very nicely in his tight black trousers, he stopped midway and looked back at our table, I smiled at him, he quickly turned away continuing his walk thru the restaurant. 

Turning back to Will, he had visibly relaxed, smiling at him. 

"Okay we should head as soon as I've paid the bill," He cleared his throat, before he replied. 

"Yes Boss." 

"Oh, and Will the next time, when I suggest something," I told him smiling, "Please take the hint." 

"Yes Boss." He replied smiling. 

Just then our cutie of a waiter returned with the bill, I opened the folder, checking the details I was pleasantly surprised to see a handwritten phone number at the bottom, smiling up at him I reached for my wallet slipping my credit card into the folder, also my private business card, before handing him back the folder. 

"Thank you for your service." Looking up at him, making sure he saw me checking his crotch on the way, which was definitely moving, then meeting his eyes with mine. 

"I will collect my card and receipt on the way out." 

"Thank you sir." 

"Time to go I think," rising from the table, I ushered Will in front of me as we made our way to the door, stopping to collect my credit card and receipt from the waiter, who gave us a warm smile. 

"Thank you for your custom gentlemen, I do hope I see you again soon."

"I very much hope so," as I let my hand gently brush his butt.

The walk from George Square to my tailors, Bruce, in the Saltmarket was short, although it did allow me to gently fondle Will's butt as we dodged through the other pedestrians. Reaching the shop, we were met by Bruce, resplendent in his signature black and purple kilt black tweed waistcoat and black double cuffed shirt, neck open showing a matching black and purple silk ascot. 

Greeting me warmly, embracing me and kissing both of my cheeks, grabbing my hand he turned towards Will and in his wonderful overly camp way, 

"This must be Will?"

"Yes," I replied as he glanced at me, "Will, this is Bruce," I said smiling at Will. Bruce immediately embraced him, catching Will slightly off balance, by his demonstrative demeanour. 

"Let me close the shutters and lock the door, bois" as he bounded past us. 

"I really appreciate you doing this for me Bruce." 

"For you Alex it's always a pleasure."

Pressing a couple of buttons, the shutters fell, Bruce brushed passed me, grabbed Will by the arm and set off into the inner part of the shop. 

"Right my darling I need you to stand in the middle of the floor," He turned to me, pointed to the leather chesterfield, "Alex you can park your bum there." He then began to remove Will's jacket taking it off, hanging it up, complementing him on the quality of it, "right then dearie," He went on in his high pitched camp voice, "now are you going to get undressed, or do I get the delightful opportunity to strip you?"

Clasping his hands together, with a broad smile on his face. Will looked petrified at me, I smiled and mouthed Strip, to him. 

Hesitantly Will began to remove his trousers, slipping out of his shoes and handing them to Bruce who placed them on a clothes horse, Bruce was gesturing him to hurry up, off came the tie followed by his shirt, Bruce quickly hanging them up. 

"The shorts as well please sweetie," he went on, Will was not looking too happy, but I nodded at him to comply. Slipping his shorts down, bending down to step out of them, Bruce grabbed them off of him putting them with the rest of his clothes. Putting his hand on his arm he led Will up a couple of steps on to a podium.

"Now darling I need you to stand straight, head up, arms at the side and legs slightly apart." Will looked totally perplexed at me, I just smiled knowing how Bruce worked, and he was very much the camp showman.

Bruce began measuring Will jotting down his sizes, arms, shoulders, a couple on his chest, waist, buttocks, Will was staring straight ahead, that nervous blush evident on his neck and face, Bruce carried on pressing his tape along and around his cock, then it was each thigh and leg, moving in front of him he knelt down between his legs and measured his inside leg, gently moving his cock from side to side, he then measured down his butt and under to his balls. 

Right, now is this how that lovely looking cock of yours sits?" Looking up at Will enquiringly. 

"Eh yes I think so," Will croaked. 

"No it isn't Bruce," I interjected, "its normally a little more full with a nice curve downwards." 

"Oh, ok well in that case Will I'm going to need to see this, can you try and get aroused a wee bitty please?" Getting up I approached Will, grabbing hold of his cock, I leant up and gave him a kiss.

"Just relax, go with it." I told him as I began to tease him with kisses, I slowly teased his cock with my fingers, and sure enough he began to rise. Moving aside I released his cock, nodding to Bruce who quickly began measuring it, I stayed where I was, but began to slowly caress Will's bare and now hairless butt, enjoying the sensual pleasure it gave me. Will, by the look of it was enjoying it as well as his cock was nearing full bloom. Bruce was continuing to measure it as it became fully hard, moving it up and down side to side, all the time his tape was there measuring.

"Right, do you two want a moment or can I carry on?" Uttered Bruce, I smiled at Will. 

"Oh I think you should carry on Bruce."

"Good, right Will if you put this on over your head." Handing him an ivory coloured ghillie shirt, slipping it on it fell to just below his waist, bunching up above his swaying cock. As Will was doing this Bruce disappeared behind some racks coming back with a kilt and a hanger covered in plastic. Handing me the plastic covered one. 
