 Emily felt so fortunate that this only happened once every few weeks. She and her boyfriend would visit their favorite sports bar and have a few drinks while watching the game in high definition. She didn't mind the aggressive competition displayed on the television screen. It became something that she most anticipated when visiting the place. What she couldn't tolerate was the fact that Terrence had the high probability of having a little too much to drink. She never said anything about it, since he didn't get into trouble at all with the rest of the patrons. She didn't like, however, doing the hard work whenever the evening ended on a high note.

On a warm Saturday night, Emily invited her best friend along. It turned out to be a special occasion, since this would be the night when the Los Angeles Clippers had the opportunity to break the Golden State Warrior's winning streak. Brenda, Emily's best friend, decided to bring her own boyfriend as well. Feeling a little skeptic turned out to be a little too common for Emily. She already acknowledged how their two boyfriends took turns being a little too inebriated when joining the crowd.

Once they entered the bar, the basketball game had just started. Emily, Terrence, Brenda, and Andrew had taken their seats at a random booth. The twenty-three-year-old patrons didn't dress up, since straightforward attire would be recommended more than coat and tie, or anything else that would propel their incongruity out in the open for some terribly amusing banter. Emily and Brenda wore their blue jeans and t-shirts, while Terrence and Andrew settled for their brown cargo shorts. Once the server arrived, Terrence and Andrew were the first to order their drinks. Emily would have hoped that the two young men didn't order the same alcoholic beverages as last time. But she snapped herself back to reality and waited until the two men stopped ordering what perhaps could be their fifth glass of margarita.

Luckily, as the first half of the Clippers game reached its end, Terrence and Andrew didn't ask for a third glass just yet. They, along with Emily and Brenda, had finished their dinner but proceeded to watch the rest of the game with the other Clippers fans in the building. Emily watched as Terrence finally asked the server for another glass of margarita. At this point, she gave up in having an easy trip home. She sat in silence, pondering if Terrence had been the correct choice for her. The twenty-three-year-old man did have flaws, but his positive attitude and undeniable charisma kept him from being discarded by common sense. His handsome features, including his thin black beard and broad shoulders and mostly the sturdy abs that he had earned in the gym, invigorated his ability to entice her in many ways.

Emily felt sure that her best friend felt the same way about her own boyfriend. Brenda always told her that Andrew was a lucky catch. His short blond hair, clean shaven face, and non-aggressive demeanor had been the very things that drew Brenda in. The young redheaded woman had promised that she would never let him go. Their two-year relationship became solid evidence of that.

Once the game had ended, Terrence and Andrew decided to celebrate the Clippers' victory just a little longer. Meaning, they ordered two more glasses of margarita for each other.

Emily shrugged her shoulders at Brenda and said, "What can you do at a time like this?"

The two young women let their boyfriends sip their beverages for the next half hour. Terrence and Andrew laughed as they cracked jokes at each other, with humor ranging from immature toilet jokes to even some clever satire. Emily could listen to them all night. The friendship between these two men had remained durable ever since their first encounter two years ago. She appreciated their everlasting bond, something that made the two men appear more captivating than before. But something felt missing in their friendship. She couldn't figure it out, but there had to be something that could have made their friendship more invulnerable than ever. Nevertheless, she stayed in her seat and let Terrence and Andrew demonstrate their failure to openly admit their growing inebriation.

The night had finally ended when the quartet left the bar. Emily and Brenda had to help their boyfriends enter the automobile and fasten their seatbelts. As long as they didn't vomit in her sedan, Emily would have no trouble heading home in the city of Anaheim. The sun had already faded into temporary oblivion, with only the crescent moon beings its substitute for the next twelve hours. Southern California activated its street lights to illustrate vibrant morsels on the streets and in suburban neighborhoods all over its flat basin.

Everything seemed to be moving along nicely, until Terrence asked a completely random question.

"Emily...which of our dicks is bigger?"

It just came out of nowhere, and Emily could do nothing but wallow in the next few seconds of silence.

She cleared her throat before she said, "I wouldn't know. I guess they're both the same."

Terrence chuckled. "I bet mine is bigger than Andrew's."

Andrew slapped him on the arm. "Stop it. Actions speak louder than words."

"What the hell are you trying to say? Yours is bigger than mine?"

"You bet it is."

Terrence looked down at Andrew's lap. "I don't think so."

"Let's have a contest. Let's see which erection is bigger. The one who loses has to pay a hundred dollars."

Gazing at her rearview mirror, Emily replied, "Don't do it. We could get pulled over by the cops. Why don't you just give up and take a rest at my place?

Emily could see her boyfriend rubbing his fingers against the special area between his legs. He murmured, "You just don't want us to have any fun."

"I just don't want to get pulled over, that's all."

"We'll see if we can do the contest at your place."

Emily shook her head in amusement. "Don't count on it."

* * *

Emily had reached her apartment building several minutes later. She whispered to Brenda, "Let's just get this over with."

Brenda already knew what she meant. The two of them brought their boyfriends out of the car and helped them keep their balance as they tried to take a short walk. Emily and Brenda had to grab them by their arms as they ascended up the stairs and reached the second floor.

Emily whispered to Terrence, "Maybe you should sleep here for tonight. I could use a bit of company."

Terrence smiled. "That sounds like a really great idea."

Emily unlocked her front door and led the other three inside. The two-bedroom apartment was clean and spacious, as if a complete renovation of the entire interior at taken place. She felt so fortunate to have brownish-white carpeting and up-to-date furniture, which was why seeing the two men taking a seat on the sofa made her a little nervous.

She asked, "Do you need to lie down?"

Terrence waved it off. "We'll be fine. We just need to see which is bigger."

Emily wagged her finger at him. "Don't even think about it. We've got better things to do."

Brenda whispered in her ear, "Like what?"

"I don't know. Just wait and see."

She watched as Terrence and Andrew slouched in their seats. They appeared exhausted after the vivacious celebration that took place immediately after the Clippers' victory.

She asked her best friend, "Want to join me in the kitchen?"

Brenda simply nodded and followed her into the other room.

For a moment, Terrence and Andrew stayed still. The faint and distant noise that originated in the kitchen made Terrence lift his head up and pay attention to what might have transpired away from the living room.

He whispered to Andrew, who had his eyes closed. "Let me see what you've got."

Andrew immediately opened his eyes and gave him a suspicious look. "You still believe that yours is bigger than mine?"

Still inebriated by the excessive intake of tonight's margaritas, Terrence kept his eyes on the bulge that had been formed in Andrew's cargo shorts.

"I just like to see what I'm up against."

"Why would I want to date Emily when I've got Brenda by my side?"

Terrence chuckled. "I don't want Emily to leave me for you."

"Is that what this is about? You're afraid she might dump you just because I've got the bigger one in the group?"

"Oh, fuck off. I can prove that you're all talk and no walk."

Andrew's grin grew larger as he straightened up in his seat. "Take a look yourself."

"Show it to me."

"Unzip my shorts and find out."

"I'm not going to do that."

"Then how will we find out?"

Terrence had an idea. "By doing this."

Almost immediately, he laid his hands on the blond man's lap. He put it on the exact location of where the bulge would be. Andrew didn't flinch. He just waited for his acquaintance to search for the evidence he was looking for. Terrence rubbed his fingers on the large bump on Andrew's lap.

"From what I can feel, it's not that big of a deal."

Andrew laughed. "That's because it's not fully grown yet. You've got to encourage it a little."

"You mean like this?"

Terrence grabbed it tight and rubbed it as hard as he could.

Andrew licked his lip. "Hey, that works."

Terrence continued to persuade the hidden entity before its extension of its length completed its official enlargement. He felt impressed with what he was now grabbing.

"Not bad. Not bad at all."

Terrence didn't let go of it just yet. "I'd say it's still not as long as mine."

"You wish."

"There's evidence right between my legs."

"I don't think it's fully grown."

"You're gonna have to do the same thing I did."

Andrew didn't hesitate as he reached down and grabbed Terrence's own piece of flesh. He did the exact same thing, but this time, his swift massage became more aggressive than Terrence's.

Terrence could feel his cock growing fully erect in his friend's strong grip. He gave Andrew a little smile. "What do you think?"

Andrew exhaled deeply. "I can just imagine how you use it when it's regenerated."

Terrence wanted to go further than this. Without saying a word, he let go of Andrew's hidden possession and unzipped his shorts.

Andrew didn't fight against his new motive. "You're getting real naughty."

Terrence whispered, "That's the idea."

He pulled out Andrew's stiff cock and used his eyes to pursue his simple judgment. "It looks big enough."

But then, he grabbed it with his hand and gave it a light squeeze. "Oh, it's gotta be seven inches at best."

Andrew sat still as he pulled away several strands of his blond hair away from his face. "Seven-and-a-half, I'd say."

He reached down and unzipped Terrence's own shorts. "Let's see if yours is the same."

Andrew pulled out his friend's cock. He slowly slid his fingers all across the vertical surface. His careful movements caused Terrence to readjust the settings in his brain. He could feel something stirring from within his heart and soul. One look at the man sitting alongside him, and Terrence almost shivered at the sight of such a courteous individual.

Andrew didn't stop moving his fingers up and down the cock at a slow pace. "Yours must be eight inches at best."

Terrence chuckled. "I think you're right."

He rubbed his index finger against Andrew's bulbous tip. His primary concentration turned into something that he had never even dealt with before.

"Can your girlfriend handle your size?"

"Of course, she can. She's a good sport."

"I bet she would leave you as soon as she saw mine."

Andrew slowly shook his head, his little smile never seeming to depart from his face. "From what I can feel, I'd hate to see the truth staring right in front of me."

The two of them still didn't let go of each other's cocks. Terrence was under the impression that their mutual respect started to delve into sudden advancements. His curiosity prevented him from stepping away from exploring new territory. He could feel his entire body tremble.

"You're jealous of me, aren't you?"

Andrew didn't stop staring straight at him. "I wish I were Emily right now."

"Is that so?"

"If only I could get a taste of what your dick is like. I really want to see how yours will hold up. Will it be as pleasurable as mine?"

Terrence narrowed his eyes. "Are you coming on to me?"

"It depends on how you look at it."

Terrence's firm grip on Andrew's cock remained the same. "Let's say that you're Emily. How would you entice me?"

Andrew licked his lip. "I'd do the exact same thing that I'm doing right now."

"Maybe you should go further than that. Just imagine what Emily would do."

It was at this moment when Andrew started to lean forward, moving ever so closer to Terrence's own lips. "I'm sure she'd always do something like this."

Terrence waited to receive his first taste of Andrew's lips. "If only you'd look just like her, too."

"All you have to do is use your imagination."

Terrence closed his eyes for a moment. And once Andrew's lips pressed against his own, the man began to envision how Emily would make her move. But as soon as he opened his eyes again, he could see nothing but a close-up of Andrew's face. He didn't need to use his imagination anymore. Just looking at Andrew made him feel more comfortable than just relying on an imaginary figure. He didn't feel too sure if the margaritas had something to do with it, but it didn't matter to him. He enjoyed every second of it.

When he stopped the kiss, Andrew asked, "Was that good enough?"

Terrence let go of his friend's cock and said, "I can see that you really want this cock."

"This contest isn't over just yet. You're making me want your dick, and I don't want you to stop."

"Encourage me."

Andrew's little smile was an evident reminder of his natural charisma, which would be the primary reason why Terrence accepted his second kiss. But this time, its length underwent an extension unlike the first one.

And this time, the two men failed to notice Emily standing in the hallway alone and taking a peek in the living room. She almost gasped when she spotted Terrence and Andrew sharing a long kiss with their shorts unzipped. She looked even closer to see that Andrew had closed his fingers around Terrence's stiff cylindrical figure. He caressed the cock with a slow movement that progressed with a quickened tempo as seconds flew by. The two men didn't stop their kiss, which appeared unusually intimate. Terrence held Andrew by the neck and pulled him closer. They had been close friends thanks to Emily and Brenda, and all of a sudden, the alcohol transformed their friendship into a more remarkable connection.

This liaison shouldn't have happened at all. Emily, however, didn't enter the living room and stop them. She stayed in the hallway and watched everything unfold. Surprised by their actions, she almost shivered at the sight of her boyfriend accepting a personal invitation from Brenda's boyfriend. But she didn't complain. This had been so intriguing to her that she wanted to see more of it.

Andrew stopped the kiss and whispered, "Did you know that I didn't have to pretend I was someone else?"

Terrence gave a little grin. "I can already tell."

Andrew looked down at Terrence's member, visible and ready to be utilized by anyone in this room. "I can convince myself that yours is bigger than mine."

"How?"

"Let me help you end this night on a positive note."

Terrence had set his boundaries below his waist for anyone who wasn't a woman. Andrew, of all people, just had to be the one who pushed away his boundaries and welcomed a new form of personal entertainment. The blond man left the sofa and got down on his knees. He lowered his head and, without any indications of mental doubt, closed his fingers around the shaft. He gave the warm surface a light kiss.

"This is too easy."

Terrence closed his eyes and prepared for this moment to begin. "Do it. Make it work. Suck it long and hard."

Andrew obeyed his command. He stuffed the cock deep inside his mouth. His entire head began to move up and down in a slow cadenced motion. Terrence gasped when he felt the warm and moist cavity envelop his popular accessory in all directions.

"You're already doing it right. Don't stop."

Emily could sense Brenda drawing closer in the hallway. She turned around and whispered, "Stay silent. Just look at what's going on."

When she looked to see two men engaging in their private affair, Brenda gasped.

Emily tried to calm her down by saying, "Don't do anything. Just watch."

Despite feeling shocked by this turn of events, Emily didn't want it to stop. Seeing Andrew giving in to a newfound temptation made her catch the thrills. Tingling with exhilaration, she and Brenda stayed in the hallway and watched their boyfriends continue with their neat little experiment.

Terrence could feel the stimulation take effect once Andrew picked up speed. "Oh, you're real good at this. You're almost as good as Emily."

Andrew had almost half of Terrence's cock stuffed inside of his mouth. He tried to speak, but Terrence wouldn't let him. He grabbed Andrew's head and pushed him further down. "Don't say a fucking word. Just accept the fact that my dick is bigger than yours."

Andrew mumbled a few words that Terrence couldn't decipher, and he didn't bother to even try.

"Go faster. Emily can do it. Why can't you?"

Andrew didn't waste any time as he followed simple instructions. Despite being led by Terrence's firm grip on his head, Andrew bowed back and forth to keep the cock motivated.

Terrence, feeling like a true champion in this contest, took deeper breaths and waited for his warm creamy cum to spill out and land in Andrew's mouth.

He grabbed hold of the armrest with one hand. He almost couldn't handle the anticipation.

"Wait for it. It'll come to you if you keep trying."

Emily could hardly wait for it. She hugged herself in preparation for the conclusion of this scenario.

With Andrew's fast tempo as the primary factor, Terrence cried out, "Yes! It's here!"

Andrew stopped moving right as his acquaintance ejected his thick substance in his mouth. Such a powerful discharge made Terrence so tense that he almost dug his nails into the armrest. He finally relaxed when the adrenaline disappeared. He let out a big sigh.

"That's how it's done around here."

Andrew didn't spit everything out. He kept the savage beast in his mouth. Emily noticed that none of the semen spilled out and landed on either Terrence or the sofa.

Andrew finally pulled himself away from the thing that spread its seed in his mouth. "It's warm and thick. I'm so glad I got a taste of it."

Emily suddenly realized that Andrew had swallowed everything that he had received from within.

Terrence looked so proud of himself. "So what's the outcome here? Do you concede defeat?"

Andrew wiped off the sticky deposits from his cheek with his index finger. "I believe we have a winner."

Terrence left his shorts unzipped. "Are you gonna stay jealous for the rest of your life?"

"I'll see what happens in the future."

Terrence yawned. "I'm going to sleep."

Andrew patted the sofa. "I'm taking this one. You should sleep in Emily's room. You'll get to stay with her all night."

Terrence slowly stood up. "That's a good idea. Thank you, Andrew. I owe you big time."

Andrew lay down on the sofa while Terrence took slow steps toward the master bedroom. Emily and Brenda had to hide in the shadows as they tiptoed into the kitchen.

Terrence called out Emily's name. "Where are you? I can't see you."

Emily replied, "Don't worry. I'm here."

She could hear him let out a soft burp before stating, "I need your bed. Where is it?"

She and Brenda still hid in the kitchen as she responded with, "You know where it is. It's in the same room as before."

"Don't worry. I'll find it myself."
