 This is a multi part story that contains MM, MF, and MMF sex.

*

Background;

Firstly, let me introduce myself, I'm Alex a mid 40's Entrepreneur based in Glasgow, I run a very successful property development company, which has recently moved into new offices within a renovated and extended 1920's 3 storey Art Deco Building. My company owns the building, which I have had divided up into a variety of areas/units that include a Coffee Shop, Art Gallery, Photo studios, Artist studios and my own Property & Graphic design company offices. With the top floor being converted to house my various department managers and my own private office on one wing and my personal accommodation on the other which is furnished in a modern style with an Art Deco touch. 

I am a single Bisexual man who enjoys an active and varied sex life based around a no strings approach. I have numerous sexual likes and desires but primarily I am a Suit Fetishist. As any Suit fetishist will tell you, men that truly enjoy this fetish are very much in the minority, I have been very lucky to have met some like minded guys over the years, who share my desires, many who have become good friends as well as bedfellows.

The advent of the internet has helped immensely in my meeting with other suited guys, throughout the UK and beyond. Will was one such guy, mid 30's, English, a teacher living in Wales.

Will and I had been chatting online for a few years, our love of formal dress and suited men bringing us together. In all this time though we had never managed to meet up, however this was all to change when Will had said that he was going to be free at the end of June beginning of July. I was feeling I could do with a break as well, business had been hectic but was starting to calm down, now that I had moved them into new premises and the various departments were functioning well.

Therefore I suggested that he might like to come up to Glasgow for a few days. His answer was rapid and affirmative. We had spent the coming weeks discussing what we would like to do, they all seemed to end up in the bedroom. 

However, we eventually settled on a rough and very loose itinerary. With Will contemplating how he was going to pack everything he thought he would need for the trip. I eventually suggested that he think of it as a business trip but to include his tux in case we were to go out.

*****

Chapter 1- We meet eventually

So there I was, midday, the last Friday in June, arrivals gate at Glasgow Airport waiting for Will to arrive from Cardiff.

I had dressed especially for him, Navy blue 3pc pinstripe suit, light pink French cuff shirt, pink and navy striped silk tie, matching button braces, long black TNT sheer socks with garters and patent leather pointed brogues and some new underwear that might arouse him later.

Eventually he appeared through the gate, I had spotted him first he was busy scanning the many faces at the gate looking for me, eventually our eyes met, wide grins and nods of acknowledgement as he hurried over to me. Our handshake turned into a man hug, he was even hotter in real life, dressed impeccably in a mid-grey 3pc suit, white shirt and silver silk tie, a matching pocket square and patent leather oxford shoes, dropping his carry-on to the floor he broke our handshake and embraced me, allowing my hand, still trapped between us, and not one to shy away from an opportunity, I managed a delightful feel of his suited crotch which was filling up nicely. We broke apart eventually, thinking my god I so wanted to fuck him.

Making our way down to the baggage hall to retrieve his luggage we made small talk with plenty of double-entendries. Retrieving his luggage, we made our way out to retrieve my car, I was glad I'd brought the Q5 as he had brought a fair bit of luggage, loading up we got into the car.

At last, I leaned across towards him, he was doing likewise to me, our mouths met, we kissed, mouths opening hungrily, his hand running through my hair, beards rubbing together. We stayed like that for an eternity, savouring each other, tongues entwining, gasping to breathe as we caressed and fondled each other, breaking apart we just sat and looked at each other, big grins on our faces.

"Well that was worth the wait," I Said.

"My god that was intense Alex, I was so nervous," he replied, "you look stunning in that suit, I'm so turned on, and that kiss, wow."

"Well you're a bit of a hottie yourself," as I leant over and gave him a quick peck on the cheek allowing my hand to fondle his inner suited thigh.

"We had better get going before we get arrested," as I pulled out of the parking bay.

Laughing he replied, "Well I hope it's not far because I am so aroused for you at the moment."

"It'll take about half an hour," as I manoeuvred out of the car park and out onto the ring road and then the motorway.

We both chatted and allowed our hands to fondle each other's suited thighs as we headed into the city. 

Arriving at my office building, I explained to him that I had recently renovated the building and extended it allowing me to move into the upper floor which was now my apartment. Parking up in the enclosed, courtyard car park, I ushered him towards the rear entrance of the building. I was fully enjoying the pleasure of my hand on his suited rear, so firm, as we walked across the courtyard. 

Disappointed, as I had to remove it as we entered the building, going straight to the lift, we entered, doors closing he made to come closer to me. I smiled shook my head and pointed out the camera on the wall, he quickly mouthed a sorry. The doors opened we exited into the foyer of the upper offices, we were greeted by the receptionist who I quickly informed that I wasn't there, as I ushered Will down the lobby, where Jane my secretary greeted us outside my office, opening the door she moved aside to let us enter.

"Can you get Ben, (my PA), for me," I asked her, as she closed the door behind us.

"Wow!" Will uttered as he looked around my office.

"You approve then?"

"It's fabulous Alex," he replied. "I love the mix of Art Deco and Modern."

Leaning against the desk I pulled him towards me. 

"Now where were?" as we again began to kiss, this time with nothing in the way our hands were everywhere, feeling each other through our suits, caressing buttocks, crotches rubbing together, feeling our cocks grow and harden, both tenting in our suit trousers. We were both so aroused the air full of sexual tension, lost in our embrace a loud cough broke the silence.

Breaking our kiss, I looked over Will's shoulder to see that Ben had been getting a right eyeful.

"Agh Ben, I wanted to introduce you to Will."

Turning Will around I caught a wide-eyed look in his eyes, as he also dropped his hands towards his crotch. There was a very large tent there very similar I noticed to mine. Putting an arm around his shoulders, I walked him over to where Ben stood, he was as ever immaculately suited and seemingly unfazed as to what he had just seen. Offering a hand to Will. 

"Hi Will, welcome to Glasgow," Ben said as they shook hands.

"Thank you, it's lovely to finally be here." Will responded. 

"Is everything in order Ben?" I asked.

"Yes boss, it is." Continuing, "It's about time that you're having a break, though so you should relax and try to have some time to yourself for a change."

I smiled at this, "Asking him if he could retrieve Will's luggage form the Q5 and put it in my apartment."

"Of course boss, I'll get right on it." Adding, as he began to leave, "I'll make sure you're not disturbed." 

Turning towards me, Will's face slightly flushed, "Where did you get that Man, He is so hot!"

"Long story," I smiled.

"Have you..."

"Fucked him? Yes he is the perfect assistant in all ways," I replied smiling, "now before we were interrupted..." 

I reached out grasping his head, pulling him towards me I bent down and placed my mouth over his, I felt him relax, we continued with our snog. As the temperature increased I broke our kiss turned him around and pulled him back into me, letting him feel my hardness on his ass wrapping my arms around him, his arms pinned he could only move his hands over my suited outer thighs, as I held him tightly leaning in to the side of his head gently blowing on his ear.

I whispered, "That I was in charge and that he would do as I wished."

"Of course Sir," he replied in a croaky voice, "Will you please fuck me Sir."

Replying a bit more forcibly, "I will decide if and when, you are fucked and you will just need to deal with that."

"Yes Sir." He responded still with that croaky voice of his. 

I began to lick and kiss his ear, he let out a moan, moving my hands up and down his waistcoat I begin to slowly unbutton them, finishing at the bottom I teased his cock by lightly rubbing it through the luxurious material of his trousers. As I touch his hard cock I felt him shiver in my arms another moan escapes him, as he pushes back on to my cock, hard and trapped against his ass. 

"Please fuck me Sir," he whimpers.

Wrapping my arms around his chest I slightly lifted him, pushing my crotch into his ass and we stagger forwards till he is against my desk. I placed his arms on the top.

"Stay like this," I tell him as I began to spread his legs slightly, all the time my cock hard on his ass. 

Reaching under his arms I slip my hands through to open the buttons on his waistcoat, slipping my hands under it feeling the warmth of his body through the fine cotton shirt as my hands glide up and down his chest, revelling in the fine cotton on my fingers whilst the coolness and sensuousness of the lining of his waistcoat sends waves of pleasure to my engorged cock.

Seeking out his nipples is not difficult as they are hard and jutting through his shirt. I adjust his braces over them before pulling them away and allowing them to snapback over them. Will yelped in pain as I repeat this alternating between tweaking, caressing them before snapping the braces onto them. 

"Keep quiet," I whispered in his ear, "Or they will get pulled harder." 

"But Sir..." He stupidly tries to say something resulting in me pulling the braces even further, giving his nipples an even harder slap. All this time I grind my cock onto his suited butt letting him feel how hard he was making it, he willingly pushed back in time with my movements. My god I was so horny.

Eventually I reach for the waistband of his trousers, undoing the buttons, teasing him, I pull the zip a fraction before releasing it, feeling his trousers twitching as his cock pulses in them, returning to the waistband I undo the leather fobs of his braces from his trousers, leaving them hanging there.

"Lie down!" As I pushed his head down onto my desk. Reaching under his head I grasp hold of his silk tie pulling it out from under him. With my other hand I pull his head up slightly. Leaning into it, I whispered in his ear. "You will stay stay like this and watch yourself in the large mirrored wall behind my desk." Looking at him in it, he looks flushed, beads of sweat are appearing on his face, his eyes wide a slight glimmer of fear in them. Gently wiping away the sweat with his tie. "Are you all right?"

"Yes Sir," he gasped. As he was saying this I felt his buttocks clenching on my cock, "Please Sir I need you to fuck me." 

"Shush boi," I forced his tie into his mouth. Standing up I slip a hand under his suited ass, seeking out the trousers zip, he lifted slightly to allow me the access to then pull it down. Slipping my hands to his hips I slowly caress them edging them closer to his crotch, reaching the opening I pulled his trousers further apart, slipping my hands in. I'm met with warm silk, gently moving my hands so they are now framing his cock, I gently squeeze into his groin, feeling his cock twitch slightly, his moans are increasing. Looking at Will in the mirror his eyes are closing, then opening wide he seemed to be enjoying this.

My fingers start to play with his hard shaft and under it to his balls firm and full by the size of them, his moans begin to increase his eyes widening he started to shake his head, 

"What's the matter, are you close to coming?" He nodded, giving his cock a final squeeze I release my hands and grabbing the waistband of his trousers I pulled them fully to the side.

Standing back up I lift up the back of his suit jacket laying it on his back revealing the gorgeous silver paisley lining.

"I do like your suit, it has a lovely quality to it." He nods, but I can't help myself as I bury my face into the luxurious lining feeling the coolness of the silk against my skin, I breathe in smelling the mix of his cologne, the material so manly and fresh. I lose myself in the headiness of his aroma. My hands move over his suited butt, I start to knead and caress his buttocks, feeling the suit material sliding over the silk of his boxers his moans increase, his buttocks clench as I continue teasing his suited body.

Falling to my knees between his legs, my hands gripping the waist band of his trousers, I slowly pull them down over his firm buttocks revealing his crumpled shirt tail, we shuffled together as he moved his legs, assisting me to pull his trousers down his legs, his braces slowly following, down past his calves. Calves that I find encased in long black sheers. His trousers now around his ankles, I take the time to admire and caress those sheer clad lower legs feeling that sensuous material as my hand glides over them, gently teasing him as my hands slip further up. 

I quickly pushed his shirt tail out of the way so as I may see the gorgeous sight of that silk clad ass, the silk stretched tightly across his firm buttocks, my hands slip under each leg gently kneading tickling his inner thighs, lowering my head I run my nose over the silk of his ass crack, delighting in that aroma, rubbing it harder up and down, before I begin to lick up and down soaking the silk with my saliva and mixing it with his own sweat. As the intensity of our actions increases, he begins to moan constantly.

Standing back up I look at him in the mirror, flushed, sweat dripping off him. I deliver a slap to his buttocks, my fingers tingling.

"Remember stay quiet!" Eyes wide he nods. He tried to say something the tie muffling his voice, so I slap him again, he nodded in agreement.

Moving closer between his legs, I gently stroked his ass thru the silk of his boxers, moving my hands around I seek out his hard cock, still encased in his silk shorts, I watched in the mirror as I tease and tickle his cock, seeing him squirm, eyes opening and closing staring, is that pain, pleasure, fear I see in them. 

His shorts are soaked with precum as are my hands, feeling him tense I released his cock, slipping my hands over his shorts till I find the fly, there is no way his cock is going to be able to fit thru the slit, as engorged as it is, grasping the edges of the silk fly I firmly pulled his shorts apart, his eyes wide open as I rip them open freeing his cock, however I'm not finished as I continue to rip them up the rear seam exposing his ass. 

His shorts now in tatters on his thighs I spread his butt cheeks wide and dive my mouth onto his crack, running my tongue now over that hairy ass crack, seeking out his rosebud, finding it I begin to slowly tease it forcing my tongue into the folds, enjoying the taste of him, lubricating it. I felt him relax and start to push back, after a short period of this I stand up reach in my pocket and produce a sachet of lube, when opened I spread it liberally around and in his hole.

From the angle he was watching he was unable to see me unbutton and unzip my trousers, slip my hard cock thru the fly of my shorts, and gently place the engorged head on to his ass. He jumped slightly as he felt it, but as I guide it towards his hole, my hands pulling his cheeks apart, he relaxed, pushing back onto it. 

I teased him with it rubbing up and down his crack coating it in lube. I lean into him.

"This may hurt, but we will be ok." I lined up his hole, pulled his cheeks apart, he pushed back and I slowly start to stretch him out, watching his eyes screwed shut, gasping, I force myself the last cm till my large mushroom head is in. he collapses below me, I wait, gently stroking his red hot ass, the feeling of warmth on my cocks head. 

Watching him, he slowly regains control of himself, I slowly begin to push further in I can feel his anal muscles around my shaft as I go deeper and deeper into him, my balls are now on his ass as I bottom out in him.

I hold it there. "Are you ok?" He nods, pushes back into me, I start to pull out, slowly just the head remains, I push back in slowly. My hands massaging his back under his shirt, soaked in sweat I use it as lube to knead his back, as we begin to get in to a slow rhythm fucking his hole. Feeling him increase the speed I start to thrust harder, his ass muscles are incredible, clamping and releasing my cock, I'm starting to sweat now as I start to ram him hard into my desk. I feel him tighten before a huge body spasm occurs, I keep pumping as his spasaming slows, but his muscles tighten around my cock deep within him, I can feel my orgasm approach, as can he, by the way he is manipulating my cock in his ass. I explode coating his inners, his muscles milking every drop from me. 

Exhausted I collapse over him, looking at him in the mirror, our eyes meet. 

"That was intense," I gasped he looks at me, a smile in those eyes I reach around and pull the tie from his mouth, he gasps, gulping in air. 

"Unreal," he gasps. We lie like this for a short while as the euphoria seeps through us. Eventually though as I feel my cock reducing, I stand back up watching it slip from his ass, trickles of cum starts to edge down his thigh. I reach over the desk and retrieve some Kleenex tissues, I catch the cum and shove the tissue into his still gaping ass. With the rest I wrap around my cock and clean it of his residue, rising from my desk, retrieving the tissues from his ass, binning the used tissues, we looked at each other, huge smiles on our faces.

We embraced, kissed, warmly, deeply. Looking at each other, I'm not too bad semi hard cock sticking out of my fly and a bit flushed, however Will is a mess, shirt creased, covered in cum, stained tie, shredded boxers, trousers around his ankles. We looked at each other and laugh.

"I think we should move on to the apartment, don't you?" I suggested as we straightened ourselves up. "Just pull up your trousers, nobody will see you." As I ushered Will through a side door, straight into the lobby of my apartment, walking to the end I open the door into bedroom allowing him to enter.

"I think we could probably both do with a shower, don't you?" As I begin to get undressed, enjoying the sight of him as he also began to strip. "I'm sorry about the state of your shorts and tie, I'll replace them tomorrow."

"That won't be necessary, they will be a wonderful keepsake from today." We both laughed.

"Follow me." As I head for the shower.

We slip into the shower, turning it on the water cascades from the multiple heads and we step under the sprays the warm water cascading down over our bodies, I smile at Will and then notice that he, like myself is hardening up again, we look at each other laugh and then fall into an embrace, though this time no rush. A gentleness this time, kissing, gently appreciating each other's bodies our hands caressing each other exploring our nakedness, no rush just a feeling of euphoria, as the seconds turned to minutes, time was standing still as far as we were concerned. Eventually though we break apart and began to soap each other, lathering up, enjoying the relaxation, the tenderness of each other's hands as the water cascaded around us. 
