 Chapter 4 - The Kilts

Some fun as Alex and Will get ready for the Gala.

It was after 4 by the time we got back from the city centre, dumping the multitude of bags in the dressing room, I then began to get out of my suit. Turning to Will.

"I'm going for a soak in the Jacuzzi, do you fancy joining me?" His eyes lit up, I smiled back at him, "I said relaxing so no funny biz ok?" I went on, "We've got a long night ahead and I need to be fully with it, I want you to look your best as well, so," As I moved towards him, "As much as I would like nothing more than to have some fun with you now we would need to wait till later if that's ok?"

Will leaned up and gave me a long gentle kiss, breaking apart he looked me in the eyes smiling.

"Roll on tonight then." We both burst out laughing, shaking my head.

"Right if you finish undressing, could you make us some coffee while I sort out the bath?" I went thru to the bathroom and started to fill the bath. Coming back, Will had disappeared and I could smell the coffee brewing. I finished stripping and slipped on a robe and began to unpack the bags, hanging up and storing away all of the items Bruce had given us. Finishing I went back thru to the bath which was just about ready. 

"Will can you bring the coffee thru please when its ready, I'm in the bathroom."

Slipping into the hot water, I laid back enjoying the heat of the water surrounding my body, closing my eyes, enjoying the relaxing effects the water was now having on my body.

"Excuse me." I was wakened from my trance to find Will, standing beside the bath, naked, his cock erect, swinging slightly and holding 2 coffees.

"I thought I might audition for the naked butler's position." I burst out laughing as I took my coffee from him, placing it on the side beside me.

"Hurry up and get in and relax." Once he was in and settled I turned on the jets, stretching out alongside each other but facing one another we both seemed to enjoy that initial surge of the water on us, as it swirled around us, moving our bodies, feeling the jets caressing our skin.

"So tell me what is tonight all about?"

"Well, it's a charity gala fundraiser called 'The Tartan Ball' to raise funds for a number of local Glasgow charities, helping the young and homeless, this year though my good friend Susan Crawford, who you'll meet tonight, is the head honcho, so I really want everything to go right for her." 

"Will everyone be in kilts then?" 

"Mostly, but you get fined quite heavily if you're not wearing tartan, it should be a good night, I hope you'll enjoy it."

"I am actually, really looking forward to getting kilted up, it feels so good, feeling so free under the kilt, but how do you manage to keep your cock under control?"

"A heavy sporran," I laughed as I slipped a hand over his thigh, gently caressing his rock hard erection, "I thought I had told you to behave," As I continued to stroke his shaft.

"Well you see, I have this slight problem that's recently started, it seems that when I'm anywhere near you, my cock has a mind of its own." He responded, letting out a contented sigh as I worked his shaft under the water.

He started to squirm in the water, as I increased my grip on him, gently twisting my hand around his shaft, tickling his balls, when I reached the base, before repeating this manoeuvre as my hand moved upwards, reaching his engorged head, my palm, gently rubbing over it. His face was a picture, his eyes fluttering open and closed, his mouth open, gasping, his body tensing, as I continued with this onslaught on his cock.

Pulling him forward with his cock, he opened his eyes, as I slid across the bath, he understood, getting to his knees, astride me he moved forward, I released his cock as it swung in front of my face. My tongue snaking out, seeking his purple head, I wrapped my lips around it, sucking him into my mouth, my tongue swirling around him, my lips sealing him into my mouth. He shuffled forward, bracing himself on the bath top.

"Fuck Alex!" He yelled, "Oh fuck, arghhhhh, oh yes Alex, don't stop, Ohhhhhhhhh."

He was now ramming his cock into my mouth, my hands on his buttocks, gripping them hard, pulling him into me as he went down my throat, filling me up. I felt the tension in his body increase, as did his gasps and yells, moving my hands slightly I spread his ass cheeks, teasing a finger into his wet crack, sliding down till I felt his puckered hole slipping passed it and into him. 

He tensed, jerked violently, as I felt his cum start to coat my throat and mouth, he was spasaming again and again. He was gasping his words incoherent, I held him in my mouth, pulled out my finger and my hands began gently caressing his butt and lower back, as I swallowed his warm spunk.

We stayed like this for a few minutes, his cock slowly deflating and slipping from my mouth, he slid down on top of me, his face flushed he gently kissed me as we embraced in the swirling water of the bath.

His breathing returning to normal, I slipped out from under him, he tried to grab my hard swinging cock. I slapped his hand away, as I rose to get out of the bath.

"Settle big boy," I laughed, climbing out of the bath, stepping over to the shower and turning it on, I was side on to Will, he was getting a great look at my own raging hard on.

"Alex come here," He pleaded as he moved towards the side of the bath. "You need to get some relief."

"Will, we don't have time, I'm sure you will look after this later," As I grabbed my hard shaft, giving it a tug. I so wanted his release but knew that time was against us and I wanted tonight to be perfect. I stepped under the cascade of water, rinsing myself, before giving myself a vigorous scrub, again rinsing off and stepping out of the shower.

"Right, come on Will." Ruffling his hair as I passed by him, "Don't be too long please there is a car coming for us at 7pm so we need to start getting dressed around 6pm, so we're not rushing around." As I headed for the washbasin, not hanging around, I quickly moisturised all my bits and bobs gave the beard a light trim, dried off and slipped on a clean robe. Turning to Will, still in the bath. 

"Don't you fall asleep, the showers ready for you, there are towels and a fresh robe for you on the bench." Pointing to them. It was after 5pm so I began to put out our outfits for tonight, I wanted Will to look perfect so I was taking extra care that everything was correct, going over it twice I satisfied myself that I got everything, so checking the clock I quickly took of my robe applied my deodorant and cologne put the robe back on and went thru to the kitchen for a last coffee.

I sat down in the window seat as I sipped my coffee watching the world go by. I must have zoned out as I didn't see or hear Will come thru and sit down opposite me. I nearly jumped thru the window when he gently touched my arm. Shaking my head, clearing the fuzz, I looked at him and smiled. 

"Are you ok?" He asked looking concerned. 

"Yeah fine." Sorry I do that every now and then, I tend to just zone out I find it pretty relaxing. "Nothing to worry about," I reassured him, as I checked the clock, I realised it was close to 6pm. "Right come on, let's get kitted out."

Going thru to the dressing room, I turned to Will.

"Okay I think it best if we do this together."

"Okay boss," He replied. I took of my robe, Will removed his I looked at him and smiled. 

"Would you wear the top of your harness tonight, because I think you look so good in it, that ok?"

"Oh yes, sure, I love the way it holds me tight, and if it turns you on, all the better." Gently caressing my bare butt. Turning back around I smiled at him as I slipped it over his shoulders, doing up the buckles was a lot easier tonight. 

"Right let's get going." Handing Will his socks, "It's best to do this sitting down," slipping them on I help him adjust them so as the lines in the pattern are straight, pulling them over his knees I put his garters on for him and turn down his socks adjusting the garters so as the flash, (Black for Will, Mid blue for me), is showing just right.

"Ok now your brogues, to save time. I'll tie yours tonight." Going the traditional route of lacing them up his leg, "I promise to teach you later." Finishing his I then did my own, as he watched intently as my fingers ran up and down my shins.

"Right stand up please," I handed him his shirt, I had already added the studs, Will slipped it on. 

"Wow, this is nearly transparent, it's so soft almost like silk." 

"Yes it's a very fine cotton, but the bib is a normal Marcella, leave the top alone for now." As I slipped on a similar shirt, loving the feel as it caressed my skin, my cock was twitching. 

"Now for the kilt." Handing Will his, I grabbed my own, "Best if you follow and do what I do." He manages it first time, I show him how to adjust it, so it sits correctly and in line. "Now kneel and stay upright, the kilt is at the correct length if it just brushes the floor." I pull his up a fraction adjusting his buckles.

"Right up you get." I burst out laughing we both have huge tents in the front. I slip my hands under Wills kilt pulling the ends of his shirt down at the front and at the back, standing back, he looks great.

"Can you sort mine please?" Like a ferret down a drainpipe Will was down and under my kilt, giving my cock a squeeze as he passed it, before pulling my shirt down front and back and then standing back up.

"Are you sure you don't want some relief, I'm more than willing to help you out?"

"Behave yourself." I said scolded him, as I handed him his vest.

"Wow these are heavy." As he slipped it on. "But you hardly feel it when it's on." Once he had tied the buttons I adjusted the buckle at the rear, tightening it for him, patting his chest. "This feels fantastic." He turned towards the mirror. "Yes definitely this looks great."

"You see, you don't wear a belt with this outfit as the vest covers the space between the shirt and the kilt, i.e. so no shirt shows." He turned back and forth admiring himself in the mirror, as he admired himself, I handed him the sporran.

"Hold that there please." Placing it over the front of his tented kilt, I adjusted the chains and straps for him, "how's that?" Will laughed as he was still sporting a bit of tent. I handed him his phone and wallet and tell him to pop them in the sporran, sure enough the added weight reduced the tent. 

I gave Will some sexy looking Black and crystal wrap around cufflinks, attaching the same style to my shirt. 

Handing Will a Sgian dubh, as I knelt and attached a Celtic Kilt pin to the kilt apron, he examined the Sgian Dubh. 

"Be careful," I warn him, "it is a real blade." As he removed the scabbard. 

"Is this legal?" 

"Only if it sits in your right sock," I told him and stays there.

"You can manage this part yourself," Handing him a silk tie, as I catch up with him slipping on my sporran adding my Sgian Dubh. Checking his tie, I handed him his Coatee.

"My god this feels really heavy." Slipping it on I adjust it for him on his shoulders and checking the rear so that the tails are sitting nicely over his rump. I can't help it, but I just have to give his ass fondle whilst I'm there, he was looking so hot.

"Hey!" He yelled, as he comically moved forward, away from my prying hands. "I thought we didn't have any time for fun."

"We don't," I laughed, "But you look so fucking hot!!" Grabbing him and giving him a kiss, "Right last thing." As I reached into the wardrobe to retrieve his Fly Plaid, I pull out the length of fringed and pleated tartan, feeding it through the left epaulette, ensuring the pleats are flat and the fringe is to the outside, pulling it down the front to about mid breast, I pin a large circular broach through the plaid and into his coatee, placing it level with his shoulder, checking around the back, pulling and placing the pleats so that it sits and flares out nicely. "Finished, take a look."

"Wow this is amazing." As he performed in front of the mirror, checking himself out. I very quickly finish off my own outfit which doesn't take as long as my fly plaid is already in place, finishing off by tying my tie.

"Will can you check my tie please." Turning towards him, he fussed about with it pulling, it adjusting the wings on my shirt, so they sat nicely over the black silk tie. 

"Perfection Alex." As he planted a kiss on my lips, I responded, hungrily, eager for him, my hands were around him, when my phone alarm went off. Checking the clock, we had about 15 mins before the cab was due.

"Come on, we can wait in the lounge." I headed for the door.

"I'll catch you up boss, just need a leak first." As he headed for the bathroom. 

I was standing looking out the window, when he returned, big smiles on both of our faces.

"I can't believe how good we look," Will said, as he slipped his arm around my waist.

"You're certainly going to turn some heads tonight, you look so good, wish I had more time, I would love to take you down to the studio and get some pics."

"You think?"

"Most definitely, we need to organise that before you go back south."

"Sounds like fun." Flashing me that sexy smile of his.

"Listen, I tried to get a serious tone into my voice, "There is one thing though, Will, as I turned and took his arm, looking straight at him, we've had some fun and I have really enjoyed it but tonight I want us just to be ourselves, two guys into each other, and desperate to get under each other's kilts at the end of the night. Is that okay?"

Will looked at me leant forward and kissed me gently wrapping his arms around me and hugged me. He whispered in my ear. 

"I would love that Bos... Alex." Giving me another hug we kiss slowly deeply. Breaking apart he sidled in beside me, my arm going around his waist, we stare out the window quietly waiting for the car to arrive.