 Chapter 5 - Gala night at the Corinthian

Continuation, Alex and Will enjoy themselves at a Gala Dinner.

Bang on time our car arrived, we made our way down and out to the car, following Will out I couldn't help but be aroused by him in his kilt, it was swaying beautifully. Our driver opened the door for us and I laughed as Will scooted across the leather seat, kilt all over the place. 

"You need some practice in the art of sitting down, just repeat what I do." As I rose slightly, took my hand and smoothed the rear of the kilt downwards, before sitting back down, he tried this, and made a better job this time. He leaned into me whispering.

"That was a bit of a shock, when my bare butt landed on the leather." Putting my hand on his thigh, I laughed. 

"Did you enjoy it though?" He raised his eyebrows and gave me that sexy smile of his. I couldn't resist, my hand slowly slipped down the front apron of his kilt, my fingers seeking the lower edge of his kilt, I slowly began to pull it up, my fingers and hand slowly easing onto his inner thigh, he moved slightly, placing a hand firmly onto his sporran. 

"Do you know what you're doing?" I leaned forward and kissed him, the movement enough to allow my hand to slip further under his kilt and my goal, his stiff cock. I gently wrapped my fingers around it feeling it grow, my fingers teasing it as we sped through the city. All too quickly though we were nearing our destination, giving his cock a last squeeze, I pulled my hand out.

Pulling up at the Corinthian, the car door was opened by a suitably kilted valet, Will managed to exit the car a lot better as I checked with the driver for getting us home later. Will was looking slightly flustered as he arranged his sporran to help cover his very obvious erection, walking slightly in front of him, I blocked his embarrassment from anyone as we walked up the steps and into the opulent foyer of the club, the valets on the door gestured for us to go up to the Tellers bar.

Moving up the mirrored staircase we both seemed to be checking each other out, reaching an arm around his waist I gave him a quick kiss.

"You look amazing." I said to Will. 

"I think we are both looking pretty damn hot."

"How are you enjoying feeling of freedom?" 

"Strange but it is a very interesting feeling, how the kilt moved, and it is constantly giving him immense pleasure."

"Well don't get too carried away, as that was going to be my pleasure later."

Reaching the landing below the bar we were met by a photographer who asked us politely if we would pose for a picture, I looked at Will enquiringly, he nodded. Positioning us in front of an event backdrop he stepped back and began to shoot, thanking him, I had a quiet word with him, before ushering Will up to the Tellers Bar.

"What was that Alex?" He asked anxiously. I laughed.

"Oh Nothing, just a wee confidence boost, you see he is one of my company photographers, so I've asked him to make sure he also got plenty of pics of us tonight, Bosses privilege." 

Arriving into the Teller Bar we were greeted by a couple of ladies from the event staff, checking off our names, she was about to say something, when I heard my name being shouted, turning my head I spotted Susan making her way across to us, thanking the ladies, putting an arm around Will's waist, we made our way over to meet her she embraced me warmly, kisses and hugs, before grabbing hold of Will, turning to me. 

"So this is Will I take it?" Warmly embracing him, kissed him on each cheek, before stepping back holding on to his hands and gave him a good look over, before turning back to me. 

"You are even more dashing than Alex let on, and you are looking fantastic."

"Thank you very much Susan, I must say though, you are the belle of the ball in that dress." Replied Will. 

"You most certainly are looking superb, is that one of your own designs?" I asked.

"Well thank you boys," as she bowed to us, "yes it's a one off."

"Well after tonight I think you will be getting plenty of orders, don't you think Will?"

"Oh behave, you," Susan responded, looking embarrassed, "I'm sorry Will but do you think I could borrow Alex for a few moments?" She beckoned over one of the event ladies. "Ann this is Will, would you be a dear and take care of him while I check something with Alex?"

"Of course Susan, Will shall we get you a drink?" As she took Will's arm and ushered him to the bar. Chattering away to him. 

"Alex he is gorgeous, just perfect and you've managed to get him in a kilt, wow, you two look great together." As she snuggled into me, wrapping an arm around me.

"Thank you, yes he is gorgeous isn't he, so what can I help you with?"

"Nothing really dear," as she looked at me, "I just wanted to thank you for all your help and support over the last few weeks, it s been pretty manic at times and you've been a lifesaver, too many times."

"Darling, it's been a pleasure, what are friends for, if not to help," As I leaned forward and gently kissed her cheek. She wrapped her arms around me and we hugged. "The place looks amazing."

"Thanks, and by the way, I really appreciate the time you've given Ben so as he could help, you two are becoming quite a partnership, I'm glad everything has worked out for the both of you."

"Yes everything seems to be falling into place nicely, now enough of this, you have guests to meet and I need to rescue Will from Ann." We embraced, kissed and she headed away as I made my way to Will at the bar, arriving, Ann excused herself as Will handed me a flute of champagne.

"Thank you," raising my glass to him, "to tonight."

"Yes, tonight, and from where I'm standing it's looking really good so far," As he eyed me up and down. We both burst out laughing.

The bar was starting to fill up and in between sips of champagne, we chatted away, enjoying the sights of the other patrons who were dressed in their tartan finery, I pointed out some of them to Will and we both agreed that there was a fair bit of eye candy on display.

"Argh but Will yours is the only kilt I want under tonight." I whispered in his ear. 

"That, Alex, I am really looking forward to," As he kissed my cheek. 

"I can't leave you two alone for a minute, can I bois?"

"Hi Bruce." I replied as he kissed and embraced us both. 

"Your both looking hot tonight, bois."

"Well you're not so bad yourself Bruce." He was his flamboyant self in a white and purple kilt outfit. "I really do appreciate all your help, you've managed to make things perfect for us." He smiled. 

"Glad to be of service bois," Turning to Will,"Should you require anything, you are to contact me." Kissing him on the cheek he cheekily went on to say," That, that had to be in person of course!!" We all had a laugh at this, Bruce giving Will another cuddle. 

"Now Bruce, I'm afraid that Will is off limits," Adding, "At least for tonight," winking at Will. We all had a good laugh, the banter and chat continued between us Bruce's critical but humorous fashion eye making us laugh quite a few times. Numerous people greeted us we propped up a corner of the bar, I was becoming rather protective of Will, as he was being eyed up by quite a few people, women as well as some guys, and I realised that quite unconsciously I seemed to have an arm around him quite a bit, when I realised this, I quietly said to him, "Are you ok with this?"

"Very much, it actually feels very natural, so please carry on," Turning and giving me a peck on the cheek.

We were joined by Ben and a lovely lady who he introduced to us as Sasha." 

"I thought Ben was gay?" Will whispered into my ear. I smiled at Will.

"Yes he is, but not to be fooled." Will looked at me slightly confused, I shook my head and just smiled at him. The banter continued as other acquaintances passed by and joined in with us.

A short time later though we were all asked to make our way through to where the meal was to be served, the restaurant was on two levels with a balcony overlooking the main area, we were seated on the balcony, I introduced Will too our dinner companions, John and his wife Claire. 

"Claire is one of Susan's main helpers, and that John was also a property developer and like me helped out with some of the charities projects." Introductions over, I jokingly said to Will and John that they had better watch how they were sitting with the glass partition wall next to them both, it was overlooking the lower floor, giving anyone downstairs a great view."

"Well that, will suit John he is forever flashing in his kilt." Announced Claire, we all burst out laughing as John then made to pull his kilt up, earning him a slap on the arm from Claire and a don't you dare look. 

The banter between us continued during the meal, Will seemed much more relaxed and participated as much as the rest of us, Claire was fascinated by Will's rather 'posh accent' as she called it, and the fact that an Englishman could look so good in a kilt, I laughed at this, taking the opportunity to slip my hand down onto Will's thigh, gently caressing it through his kilt. 

He moved slightly pushing his thigh closer towards me, obviously happy for my hand to be there, so I left it there as we chatted between courses, although when I was busy chatting to one of the waiters asking for some more water, Will took advantage and slipped his hand down on to my thigh, his fingers gently caressing my thigh, I was pleasantly surprised to find that his fingers were working my kilt slowly upwards, till I suddenly felt his fingers on my bare lower thigh, finishing talking to the waiter I turned to him.

"Are you enjoying yourself?" I asked him, he smiled. 

"Things were great and very uplifting." I made a show of adjusting my napkin, catching Will's fingers and slipping them under the top apron, releasing his fingers I put my hand around his shoulder and leant into his head.

"Remember, that side of my kilt is open," As I whispered in his ear. He caught on quickly as I felt the lower front of my kilt move up and across, till I felt his fingers stroking my bare inner thigh, much to my delight, I gave him a huge smile. I made a point of checking my phone then putting it away. Leaning into too Will, whispering in his ear, "Wait a couple of minutes then meet me in the toilets." He smiled and nodded.

I made my apologies to Claire and John saying that I had to check on something and would be back shortly. Making my way into the toilets, I relieved myself, quickly scouting that all the cubicles were vacant, washed my hands and was just drying them when Will entered. 

"Is everything ok?" A look of genuine concern on his face. Smiling I grabbed his arm and pulled him into a cubicle. Locking the door I turned and embraced him, put my lips on his and hungrily kissed him forcing my tongue into his mouth, he quickly responded, I slipped a hand behind his sporran and felt his cock hard beneath his kilt, he moaned as I slowly teased it feeling it pulse as it grew even more, breaking our kiss, I gasped.

"That is what I need!" He responded by kissing me harder his hands slid down and began to pull up the rear of my kilt, soon getting his hands on my bare ass where he began to knead my cheeks pulling me closer to him, his hands felt wonderful, we kissed harder, he suddenly stopped and looking at me sat down on the toilet seat. Keeping his hands on my bare ass, not taking our eyes away from each other, he brought his hands around to the front of my thighs, still under my kilt.

I moved my sporran to the side and he lifted up the front of my kilt, I grabbed it from him as it rose to reveal my rock hard cock, his hands moved to it quickly pulling me towards his mouth, shuffling forwards as he began to wrap his lips around my cockhead, he pulled my cock into his warm and inviting mouth, my whole body was trembling with the pleasurable sensations he was giving me. He quickly began to pump my cock, tickling my cockhead with his tongue on every pump. 

Suddenly the outer toilet doors opened and we could hear voices, we both froze, my cock deep in Will's throat, by the sounds of the intruders they were young and quite merry, discussing the attributes of some female, Will slowly began pumping me again, I held my breath, my cock, due to Will's continuing ministrations on it was emitting really intense pleasure throughout my body, the youngsters were oblivious to us as they continued with their chat, the whir of the hand dryer, then the door opening and their voices fading, I breathed out and moaned at the same time. 

Will started pumping harder his hand began to fondle with my balls as I felt him lean forward and his other hand began to play with my ass, this pace was unreal the sensations unbelievable, he suddenly found my asshole and began to slide a finger in, that was it, my legs trembled, his hands grabbed my thighs, I fell forward my arms bracing against the wall, my kilt falling over his head, as I exploded deep down his throat. I managed to stand up, pulled up my kilt to see him slowly releasing me from his mouth, his eyes wide and smiling at me, I gave him a huge grin as I tried to regain a semblance of normal breathing.

Pulling him up I kissed him tasting my cum on his lips, I started to turn him around, he broke the kiss, smiled at me.

"Not yet lover, later, we need to get back." As he reached around me and unlocked the cubicle door.

We exited, and he made his way to the wash basins, rinsing his hands, checking his beard, in the mirror, I came up behind him, slipping a hand up his kilt, fondling his ass gently.

"That was awesome Will, thank you." As I leaned in and kissed his neck. Moving to the dryer, my hand slipped out from under his kilt. 

"That was wonderful Alex, you were so hard, I loved it when we were interrupted you seemed to harden even more. Right I'm going back, give me a few minutes." Turning giving me a quick kiss he headed for the door, as I turned to the wash basin, lifted my kilt and rinsed off my cock, grabbing a soft wipe to dry it, returning to washing my hands just as the door opened, as another guest entered and made his way to the urinals, drying off my hands, I was checking myself in the mirror, as the guest appeared alongside me.

"Great event this, are you enjoying it?"

"Very much," I replied smiling, as I headed for the door, holding it open for him, we chatted as we returned through to the restaurant, and headed for our respective tables.

"What kept you?" Will asked me as I sat back down. 

"I'm really sorry folks, it was a bit of business, which just came up."

"I know that feeling," Said John 

"Makes a change for you not getting calls," Claire quickly adding, as she nudged her hubby. 

"So, what have I missed," Looking around? 

"Well I think Susan is just about to start with the auction," Claire said.

Following the auction we were all asked to retire to the Tellers bar whilst the staff cleared the room so as the ceilidh could start, going back to the bar. 

"There seems to be a lot more people now." Will said.

"To try and max the profits we have come up with a two tier ticket which we have found really worked, you can buy a full ticket or the cheaper ceilidh only ticket." 

"Great idea, very crafty." 

"Well the uptake has been great," I went on, "As it also gets people into the disco downstairs and the casino in the basement, the management gives us everything at cost and donate a percentage of the takings in the casino, as their contribution to the charity, they have really looked after us for the last few years."

Replenishing our drinks at the now pretty crowded bar, we mingled, chatted with a good few folk, many intrigued with Will and finding it interesting that an Englishman was happily wearing a kilt, quite a few of the ladies were very interested in what Will was sporting underneath it, it was all said in a friendly way and I was really impressed how he dealt with it, taking all the comments with a large dose of humour. 

I took Will aside at one point. "Are you okay with the banter?" 

"Yes it was fine as it all seems to be in fun." He went on, "I'm actually enjoying it." 

"Well, I said there are some one liners that can work, if she asks you, what's worn under your kilt? You reply, nothing at all everything is in working order, or you can try, Are your hands warm? The classic, Shoes, socks & garters, or for both sexes, for me to know and for you to find out." Will laughed.

"I'll be sure to try them out." We carried on mingling.

"Refills?" Indicating my empty glass, Will nodded, the bar was mobbed the staff working overtime, but everyone was in good spirits, reaching the bar I placed our order. 

"I've just been groped," I smiled.

"Was he nice?" Will laughed.

"I don't know unfortunately, I didn't catch who did it." We both burst out laughing.

"Right then let's get through for some exercise, shall we." As we headed back to the ceilidh. We managed to get seats on the balcony, we were joined by Susan and Ben, Susan was very interested in what Will thought of things, she scooted me out of my seat so as she could chat easier with him. Will and Susan were soon gassing away like long lost friends, leaving Ben and I looking like spare parts, although I could never class Ben as a spare part, he was looking decidedly hot tonight, resplendent in his kilt.

"Are you enjoying yourself Ben?" 

"Yes very much," He went on to say, "It seems busier than last year." 

"It seems that way. So have you got your eye on anyone?" He laughed.

"Yes, but unfortunately they are otherwise engaged tonight, so I am definitely on the lookout for a kilted hottie." We both had a good laugh at this, both knowing what he meant.

"Is everything setup for Susan tomorrow?" She was doing a photo shoot, tomorrow morning in one of our studios and I wanted to be sure it went well for her. 

"Yes, Boss, I'm going to oversee it myself." 

"Great, Ben I know I can rely on you, oh I need you to clear your diary for Monday as I'll be needing your services for a specific job." He nodded. 

"Shouldn't be a problem Boss," He had to lean into me as the music was getting louder.

The ceilidh was starting up, it was the type that encouraged everybody to participate with the band having dancers to show us all how to do it, so time was spent in a fun way learning the basics to each dance before each dance got going.

We sat out the first couple of dances, Will was watching intently, his feet soon tapping along to the music, the leader of the band then asked for dancers to take the floor for the Gay Gordon's', which was met with great hilarity (as it always is) by the audience, Susan turned to me huge grin on her face, I laughingly shook my head, standing up she grabbed my hand pulling me up, she then turned and grabbed Will up to his feet he was about to say something but she put her finger on his lips. 

"You will love this believe me." She said, "Now come on you pair," As she took one of us on each of her arms, we made our way to the dance floor, looking around as we reached the floor, Susan called over a female friend who I vaguely recognised. 

"Right boys, this is Linda, Linda these are the boys." We all laughed. "Will you are with me, Alex you are with Linda." Introductions made and with some happy banter we moved out onto the dance floor, following the directions of the professional dancers. 

As we started Will and Susan were in front, of Linda and I, we went through the routine a couple of times with the dancers, and then it was on for real. I desperately wanted to watch Will but I had to concentrate on my own partner, but every time we did the 'walk' part of the dance I was pleasured by the sight of his kilt swinging away, he seemed to be enjoying it, it was going really well, and the band leader announced that as we were all so good we were going to do it again, which was met by plenty of cheers, so we did the dance again.
