 Chapter 8 - Early morning riser

Alex and Will experience the ultimate alarm call.

I was woken the next morning, not by my alarm but by Will's hands slowly massaging my hard cock, thru my silk pyjamas, slowly, my senses coming back to life I could feel his hardness against my silk clad butt, reaching back I slowly ran my hand over his thigh, moving it slowly seeking his ass, thru the silk of his pyjamas, pulling him into me, he nuzzled into my neck planting gentle soft kisses on to my skin. 

"Glad to see your awake boss." He whispered in my ear. I playfully gave him a slap on the butt. 

"So what do you intended to do now that my cock was awake?"

"Well, I thought maybe this." As he released my cock, moved across the bed, getting up, straddling me, pushing me onto my back, he slowly untied his silk pyjamas, letting them fall across my chest, before he stepped out of them, his cock waving menacingly above me, it looked huge from this angle, kneeling across my chest, he then eased back with his butt, my cock, rock hard, had escaped thru the fly of my silk pyjamas, was being pushed back by his butt, as he slowly slid down my body, he lifted his butt slightly, releasing my cock, allowing it to spring back, grazing across his chest, as he continued his slow motion towards the end of the bed. Slipping his knees between my legs, as he slowly moved down on me. 

Will then reached for the silk top sheet pulling it back up and over his head, I grasped hold of it and pulled it over my chest, he then lowered his head, his beard tickling my shaft, teasing me, and sending waves of pleasure through my body. I pull the top silk sheet tight across him, trapping him, encouraging him. 

He began to slowly lick my balls, playing with them. His tongue snaking around and over them, my cock was twitching with anticipation, I was desperate for his mouth on my cock, I pressed down on the bed with my ass in the hope that his tongue would move towards my shaft, he took the hint, as I felt the wetness of his tongue begin to caress my shaft, he was running his tongue around it, up and down it, teasing me, never touching my cockhead, he was starting to drive me, insane with pleasure, I was gasping, moaning with desire my hands clenching the silk sheet, my god I wanted his mouth on my cock, it was so intense.

Eventually he gave me my wish, slowly he began to lick my cock, with his tongue, his hand grasping my shaft to hold it in place, as you licked me like an ice cream cone, swirling around my head. The waves of pleasure through my body grew even stronger. My moaning increased, he reciprocated by slowly covering my cock head with his lips, wrapping it in his mouth, the warmth and moistness giving me a respite from some sensations, but only triggered more, I tried to lift my butt to force him further onto me, he resisted, rising with me keeping his lips locked around my cockhead, his tongue dancing over it, I was gone in wave after wave of pleasure, much more of this and I would cum. 

He sensed this and stopped, grabbing hard on my shaft, he waited, my breathing slowing down, relaxing, he let go of my shaft with his hand, his mouth still locked on, now his hands were on my thighs working together they made their way up my chest, he found my nipples rock hard, slowly he caressed them, gently pulling on them, all the while his mouth locked on my cockhead, as I arched my back in response to the nipple play, he slowly began to sink down on my shaft, swallowing me. All the way down, omg, it was unbelievable. He began to slowly rise up and down, never releasing my cock from his mouth, the sensations returned, building and building, I was desperately trying to suppress the rising waves of pleasure that were emanating from my cock.

He felt me tighten, his hands tweaking my nipples, his throat clamping my cock tightly. My body spasmd as the first of many ejaculations from my cock coated his throat and mouth. My convulsions subsiding, he slowly released me from his mouth, licking me clean of all traces of cum, before resting his head in my groin, his tongue occasionally licking at my softening cock, his hands now slowly caressing my legs tenderly. 

I slowly and tenderly found myself, gently caressing your head thru the silk sheet, as I regained my breathing and my head began to clear from the onslaught of euphoria he had created. I felt a gentle movement against my leg, it was unlike the caressing he had been administering, as I relaxed it continued, becoming harder, I lifted the top sheet to see him, eyes closed, busy wanking himself, I watched intently as his hand moved up and down his shaft, his eyes remaining firmly closed. I was intrigued by his facial expressions, when all off a sudden he opened his eyes to see me looking directly at him, he looked horrified, his hand stopped, holding his cock still.

"Don't stop and get up here." He smiled, rose, and straddled my chest, his butt sitting beautifully on top of my semi hard cock. The silk sheet cascading down his back, he began to rub his shaft. 

I slipped my hands around his waist, slowly caressing his naked skin, as he pumped his shaft in his fist, my eyes never wavering from him, flitting between his eyes and his cock, enjoying the facial contortions, he was making as he built towards his orgasm, his body went rigid as his cock exploded, spewing its copious seed all over, past my head, onto my face and chest, his body spasaming.

"I'm so sorry Boss." As he leapt off the bed, retrieving a towel, from last night he began to clean up his spunk. 

"Leave it. Come here." I pulled him down on top of me for an embrace, kissing him gratefully, our chests sliding together with a mixture of sweat and his cum. I slapped his bare butt. 

"Now that was some way to waken your boss up."

"It was a pleasure I hope that it will invigorate you for the start of the day." 

"Best alarm call I've had in ages." I laughed, getting up from the bed. "Now you stay there relax, while I go for a shower. Will looked disappointed, I smiled kissing his cheek. "I have to go to the office this morning, and that if you were to shower with me I probably wouldn't manage to not play with you, so please stay in bed, I won't be long." Will sighed, gave me that puppy dog look and sank back down on the bed.

Returning from having my shower etc, I found him fast asleep lying on his chest, silk sheet at his feet, his naked body glowing against the cream of the silk bottom sheet. I was tempted to join him, very tempted, as my cock was stirring and tenting the towel around my waist. However I told myself I had a lot to do this morning to ensure I would have time for Will later. So I left him to his dreams, going through to the dressing room.