 Chapter 7 - A ride in the country 

Alex and Will go for a bike ride in the country.

Will was busy soaping up as I entered the bathroom, peeling of my silk pyjamas, dropping them into the laundry basket, I opened the shower door, Will was rinsing off his soap clad body, he looked so sexy with the soap running off of his body, I couldn't help but notice that his cock was rising significantly, he looked at me and smiled, I shook my head, smiling at him as I reached for the shower gel and began to wash away the sweat and cum from my body. The power of the water reviving me, my cock began to twitch, I tried to alleviate its rise by washing it thoroughly and firmly, but this just seemed to have the opposite effect, especially as I was watching Will who had exited the shower and was busy making a show of drying himself off. Turning my back to him I began to rinse the soap from my body. Exiting the shower, Will, wrapped in a towel was waiting for me with a fresh towel.

Taking it from him, I began to dry off, turning to him I told him to follow me as I walked through to the dressing room. We began to get dressed, OTC gold toe socks for both of us, I gave Will a pair of l'homme invisible boxer shorts. He smiled as he slipped into them, I pulled on a similar pair, the lightness of them coupled with the silkiness and sheerness was so arousing. I loved how they felt on, they held my cock and balls delightfully in place, checking on Will he was admiring himself in the full-length mirror, as he adjusted his cock and balls, I threw him a matching black t shirt, again slipping into a similar one myself. 

"Try these for size Will." As I handed him a pair of motorcycle leather jeans, he slipped into them, they looked fine fit wise.

"Perfect fit Alex." As he adjusted his bulge. 

"Great, you'll find boots in that cupboard," indicating the large walk in cupboard. "Can you bring me the all black Sidis please?" As I slipped into my own leather jeans. Will returned with the boots and we quickly slipped them on. I grabbed a couple of square silk scarves, as Will finished putting on his boots, handing one to Will, before tying it around my neck I grabbed my leather jacket, handing Will his, then, retrieving our phones and wallets, we made our way down to the courtyard where I opened my bike garage.

"Wow." Exclaimed Will as he began to wander around the garage. "This is awesome Alex, I wish my garage was as well organised as this."

"Well I don't get time too mess it up." As I headed over to the lock box for the keys, handing the keys for the Dorsoduro to Will and the Triumph keys for myself. I lifted my Bell Moto helmet off the rack. "Help yourself." I told Will indicating a selection of helmets. "Make sure it fits ok"

"Thanks Alex," as he grabbed a Bell full face, pulling it on it seemed to fit okay. "Fits great." He said as he moved over to the Dorsoduro putting the key into the ignition.

I threw him a pair of gloves, slipping on my own. "Right c'mon bud." As I wheeled out my Triumph, Will followed me out with Dorsoduro, parking up the Triumph, I closed up the garage and pressed the remote for the courtyard shutter to rise, getting on my bike I fired the engine into life, Will doing likewise, we exited the courtyard. Stopping outside to close the shutter, Will indicated that he was going to test the Dorsoduro up and down the street, a couple of trips up and down later, he pulled alongside me indicating that all was well. 

I slipped on a pair of Sunglasses, nodding to him we set off through the streets at a steady but legal pace. Riding through the city we headed west towards Clydebank, we made good time in the Sunday afternoon traffic, cutting up to Great Western Road and heading for Dumbarton, we were able to open the bikes up to the 50mph limit on the dual carriageway, we were taking it in turns to lead, entering the outskirts of Dumbarton, Will relinquished the lead allowing me to guide us through the town as we headed for Helensburgh, the river Clyde on our left as we motored along, pulling up on the waterfront, we got off of the bikes, removing our helmets, we were both sporting huge grins.

"That bike is amazing, so much torque and I can't believe how comfy it is." Will was in full flow, raving about the bike.

I smiled. "The rider seems to be doing okay as well." I went on. "The next bit is a bit trickier, we're heading up the side of the Gareloch, and the roads are narrower, twister, so take it easy, no heroics okay?"

"Of course, you lead, I'm loving this, and the scenery is amazing."

"Well it only gets better and you might see some navy subs as we pass Faslane." As I slipped my helmet back on and fired the Triumph back into life, waiting for Will to fire up his bike, we then set off, quickly leaving Helensburgh behind us, the road sweeping along the Lochside, although we were restricted by the speed limits through the villages we still managed a good pace, even managing to ride side by side at some points, we skirted around Faslane and into Garelochead before back into the countryside as we headed over towards Loch Long, the road narrowed was more challenging as we followed the Lochside, blind corners, ups and downs and of course other traffic. We reached Arrochar with no incidents, slowing down Will came alongside as we entered the village,, I gestured to him if he wanted a drink he nodded, we pulled up beside the local hotel, there was a large car park with a café next to it, parking up the bikes alongside about a dozen or so other bikes, we killed the engines and stepped off of the bikes, stretching, removing our lids.

"Coffee?" 

"Definitely." I replied as Will headed for the café, whilst I headed over to a vacant picnic table, next to some other bikers, we began chatting, the usual banter between fellow bikers, the state of the roads, the numpty drivers etc. Will arrived with the coffees I introduced him, the guys welcomed him warmly, although there was some amusement with his accent, which he took in the friendly way it was given. We spent around half an hour with the guys before they said they had to get going as they were headed on towards Oban. Wishing them well. We watched as they headed north up the road. Turning to Will I suggested we get on our way as well?

Setting off we headed for Tarbet and Loch Lomond, the traffic a bit heavier now on the narrow roads as we made our way south, thankfully the road soon opened out and we opened the throttles as we sped down the Lochside, following the loch we turned at Balloch and headed towards Stirling, making good time, it didn't take long for us to reach the junction near Drymen where we turned south heading for Milnigavie, Will blasted past me to my horror, we only had a few miles before we needed to turn off, chasing him down and passing him, I slowed waving him to slow down, just before the junction on the left that we needed to take, he raised his hand in an apology just as we reached the junction, dropping down hill we skirted around the golf course, reaching the woods we turned off the road onto a private one, past the gate lodge we carried on through the woods for about a half mile before the trees gave way to parkland and Duncan's mansion house. 

Pulling up outside, we parked the bikes, killed the engines and stepped off the bikes. Taking off my lid, Will who had already removed his turned to me, eyes wide open. 

"Alex, is this it? It's a bloody castle."

I laughed. "Not quite, try Victorian Mansion."

"Well it's huge and looks like it should be." he laughed.

"Hi guys thought it must be you making all that racket." Duncan appeared from the side of the house, embracing me, we hugged, before he turned to Will, stretching out his hand. "Hi Will isn't it?"

"Eh yes." Will replied somewhat bewildered.

"I'm Duncan, I think we met last night, please excuse me, I've just been for a run, hence the attire." He was wearing a very skimpy pair of white satin style running shorts and a running vest, which was clinging to his toned torso. "Please come away in." As he gestured us to enter the house.

"I was just about to have a cool drink would you guys fancy something?"

"That would be great, thanks Duncan" I replied

"Lemonade okay?" we both nodded. "Alex if you and Will want to go through to the garden room I'll bring them out."

"Thanks." I replied as I guided Will through the house and out to the garden room, Will was looking around in stunned amazement, I sat down at a table on the deck outside the Garden room, as Will was looking around, a bemused look on his face. 

"You okay Will?"

"Eh I think so." he replied, "This place is amazing, and what a view." As he moved around the deck. "What is this place?"

"Well it's called Craigallian House, it was built around the mid 1880's, and Duncan inherited it a few years ago, and has turned it into a sort of corporate retreat ..."

"With a lot of help from Alex." Duncan had joined us, putting a tray down with our drinks on it. "I suppose you could call it private hotel, but we feel it's a little bit more than that." He went on, "Alex helped out with a lot of the remodelling and bringing it more up to date."

"I just helped with the design." I laughed, "The builders did all the hard work."

"Well it certainly looks impressive." Stated Will, as he sat down beside us.

"Oh, this is nothing." Duncan gestured, "Wait till you see the rest of the place, I'm sure you will be impressed, Alex is quite a designer."

"Thank you, sir." I bowed to Duncan, we all burst out laughing. "Would you mind if I got out of these leathers Duncan?"

"Not at all, it's just us three, the staff aren't back till tomorrow."

"Great I was starting to melt." As I removed my Jacket hanging it on the chair, bending down and undoing my boots, before I slipped off my jeans, catching a look of amazement from Will, who had only taken off his jacket, Duncan, rising immediately took it from him. As I slipped off my socks as well.

"Don't worry Will your quite safe out here, no neighbours, so take your jeans off and relax." Sitting back down he turned to me "I see you've been shopping in Paris again"

"You know me Duncan I can't resist." Turning to Will, "Duncan and I were on a business trip to Paris a couple of years ago, where I found this shop, all it sells is men's underwear, I was looking for some Homs', and I found this brand and just fell in love with them and the shop."

"He was like a kid in a sweetie shop." Duncan went on. "The place was packed from floor to ceiling with every brand you could think of and then there was Pascal..."

"Pascal?" Will inquired.

"He was the campest shop assistant ever, he developed quite a thing for Alex." I laughed as Duncan went on. "We spent over an hour in the shop, Alex couldn't make his mind up, Pascal would have bent over for you, he was so in to you, every chance he got he was feeling you up and you teased him terribly, you even got him to model for you."

"What, you're joking." Exclaimed Will

"Enough Duncan." I shook my head laughing, I looked over at him, he just laughed. "I thought you were going to give us a tour?"

"Oh, come on then." As he rose I noticed that there was a bit of a bulge in his running shorts. Following him back into the house I slipped an arm around Wills waist, giving his ass a bit of a fondle through the silkie material of his shorts, he smiled and raised his eyebrows. 

I leant into him whispering. "What do you think..." as I nodded towards Duncan's back.

"Hot." He whispered back.

Duncan went into full on tour guide as we went from room to room, Will becoming more and more interested as we went along, I noticed that he was starting to bulge more, as was Duncan who's shorts were swinging more than usual, moving through the house we made our way up the rather grand staircase, Duncan showing us some of the plush bedrooms complete with four poster beds but all decorated in a modern style, likewise the bathrooms wouldn't be out of place in a luxury hotel, large showers roll top baths. 

Moving up to the second floor it was much the same, Will was fascinated with the tower rooms which were styled very traditionally as a library and on the top floor a panoramic viewing room complete with telescopes and the like. Duncan then took us down to his private suite, with Will commenting that it was gorgeous very traditional and sophisticated, also that he loved the dressing room with all its wooden drawers and shelving. Every gentleman's desire.

We moved back down to the ground floor and passing the garden room, we entered the largest renovation in the house, the leisure suite, we walked through the locker room and into the pool area, this blew Will away, he just stood and gawped, I had to admit it, this always impressed me a large T-shaped pool, whirlpool to one side and a large glass fronted sauna. 

"So what do you think Will?" As Duncan put an arm on his shoulder. Will just stood there mesmerised, shaking his head. 

"Well guys I don't know about you but I'm going in for a swim." Duncan announced, as he kicked off his trainers and pulled off his vest, revealing that toned tanned body of his, before diving into the pool, I did notice though that his shorts had developed a bit of a tent as he dived in.

"C'mon guys!" He shouted as he reappeared midway up the pool. 

I looked at Will as I pulled off my t shirt, dropping it at my feet, he was still in a bit of a trance, he looked at me. 

"C'mon!" As I too dived into the pool, swimming along the bottom of the pool, till I reached Duncan, making sure as I surfaced that I had a hold of his butt, he looked at me and smiled, we both then turned to Will who was just pulling off his t-shirt. "Get in here I shouted at him." He obliged.

"He has a nice bulge." Duncan said as he turned to me, his hand gently fondling my cock which was straining in my shorts. I turned and swam to the far end of the pool, enjoying the coolness of the water, turning I swam off to the right, where there were large steps to exit the pool, I turned and sat back down on the steps, Duncan and Will both followed me.

Reaching me, Duncan asked. "Sauna?"

"Oh yes." I replied, looking at Will who nodded as he climbed up some of the steps before sitting down, but not before Duncan and I got an eyeful of his bulging near transparent shorts, as his waist came out of the water. Duncan stepped out of the pool and moved over to the sauna and switched on the sauna, I smiled at him as he turned back towards us as his white running shorts were now completely see thru, clinging to his now very erect cock, pointing towards us.

"Should take about twenty minutes to heat up." He announced, as I burst out laughing, I looked at Will who like me was getting an eyeful of Duncan's hard on, he had a huge grin on his face.

"What?" I continued to laugh, as I lowered my eyes to his crotch, he laughed, and dropped his shorts to the floor, leaving his long cut cock swinging in mid air as he strode forward and dived into the pool. Surfacing he stood up turned and looked at us.  

"I'm sorry." He looked at Will. "It's a natural reaction I get when I see a hot guy in sexy underwear, except this time I have two." He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "Well anyone going to help me? We have twenty minutes to kill at least."

I looked at Will, stood up, the water only up to my knees, my cock straining in my shorts quite prolifically, clearly visible to Duncan. Will followed my lead standing up proudly displaying his own bulging shorts. I moved over to Will, put my arms around him and began to snog him, making sure we were side on to Duncan, so that he was able to get a good look at our bulges as they rubbed together.

"Oh, c'mon guys, your killing me." I looked over and there was definitely movement under the water as Duncan watched our display. 

"Shall we?" I asked Will. 

"Yes please." He smiled as he turned and dived into the water, heading for Duncan. Surfacing beside him, he quickly stood up and embraced Duncan, they began kissing, each of them had a hand under the water, that was moving, I stayed where I was enthralled by the two of them, my hand slowly caressing my cock and balls thru my shorts, as their kissing became hungrier. I dove into the pool swimming behind Duncan, underwater, I slowly rose my hands on the back of his thighs, caressing them, then I was at his butt, standing up I pushed my bulge into him, my arms slipping between them seeking and finding a hard nipple on each of their chests, I began to tease and twist them, hardening them up as I nuzzled my mouth on to Duncan's neck. 

He responded, turning he kissed me deeply his tongue dancing with my own, my hands slipped down finding his hard shaft, just as I felt Will's hands on my butt, slowly fondling my cheeks, my inner thighs, heading for my balls, then Duncan had a hand on my bulging cock, rubbing firmly along it, as it strained in my shorts, I continued my manipulations on his cock, with one hand slipping under it to tease his balls.

Suddenly my cock was free, Duncan had slipped the waistband of my shorts, down and under my balls, free of the constraints of my shorts I felt my cock enlarge dramatically, especially with Duncan pulling back my foreskin, dancing his fingers up and down my shaft, Will was continuing to play with my ass, slipping his hands under my shorts, he gently eased my shorts down to under my buttocks, his hands then began to tease my ass, a stray finger gently easing up and down my crack. 

Meanwhile Duncan and I were continuing with our tonsil tennis and teasing of each other's cocks. He was moaning as was I with the pleasure we were giving each other. Will was sliding my shorts down, diving down to pull them over my feet as I lifted, my legs to help him. I felt his bulge against my butt, as he ground it into me, before his bulge was replaced with his hands, kneading my butt cheeks, fingers probing my crack and my hole. Teasing my bud, my moans increased as I was being aroused both front and back, I had to release Duncan's cock, my body was trembling with all this attention, my hands grabbing hold of Duncan to steady myself. 

Duncan sensing my state slowed down his movements on my cock to a gentle stroke, when all of a sudden I felt Will slide a finger into me, I nearly came, my body going rigid it wasn't often that my hole was breeched, but Will was gently probing my inners, it was driving me mad with pleasure, but I didn't want to come so soon, as much as I was enjoying his probing I grabbed his hand and shook my head as best I could with Duncan clamped to my face. He removed his finger, slowly fondling my ass as I felt him slip out. 

Breaking apart from Duncan I turned and gave Will a long kiss, before moving behind him, pulling him backwards, as Duncan manoeuvred him so Will was floating on his back, he quickly pulled his shorts off, before he bent down and devoured Will's cock taking him down his throat easily, supporting Will my hands sought out his nipples pulling them hard feeling their hardness, between my fingers, I moved to Wills side, one hand playing with his nipples the other on his ass, I probed for his bud, quickly inserting a finger inside him, he groaned in pleasure as I watched Duncan gobbling at his cock, Will was playing with my cock with one hand his other I presumed was doing the same with Duncan's. Will was soon writhing under our onslaught before he too was extricating himself from us, standing back up a huge smile on his face. 

Grabbing Duncan's cock, I pulled him over to the steps, sitting down, the water around my chest, I pulled him down beside me, and he immediately grabbed my cock, gently squeezing it, massaging my shaft. We leant into each other, kissing deeply, before I manoeuvred Duncan, in front of me, raising him up, guiding him above my lap, he changed hands on my cock, guiding it towards his hole, holding me in place as he slowly sank down on my shaft, he was tight, as my engorged cockhead began to force its way into him, his body tensed in my arms, I felt my cock eventually slip through, I held him there, he relaxed. Will appeared in front of us, rising from the water so he was astride us his hard cock swaying the water dripping from it, Duncan pulled him forward his mouth opening, his tongue seeking Wills cock, Will inched forwards, allowing Duncan's mouth to engulf his shaft, watching him engulf Will's cock, I felt him slowly sink down on my shaft, his buttocks, resting in my lap, I reached around him, finding his cock, my fingers wrapping around his shaft. 
