 My name is Shaun, and when I was an 18-year-old senior in high school, I was heavily recruited by several colleges to play football. As the lead scorer for my school, I was expecting to get several scholarship offers. The offer that finally got my attention was to a school in Indiana. They wanted me to play fullback, and the coach thought that I should be able to start as a freshman. 

I stand about 6'3" with a very muscular build. I work a lot outside, and my body is really dark in the fall from all the sun. My hair is a dirty blond and I usually change the style throughout the year. With a look that got me much attention in high school, I never thought that my looks would be a factor in getting recruited. In late June, after graduation, I was contacted by the coach of the college and asked to come to school even before preseason to do a couple of photo shoots for the upcoming football advertisements in the local community.

I reported to school about the second week of July and started immediately with school photographers. I posed in my football uniform and in many different outfits donated by local stores. Everything was awesome until the first billboard was put up. There I was on the billboard on the main drag of town posing with my helmet in my hands without my shirt on and wearing a pair of athletic shorts riding just under the band of my 2xist underwear briefs, well, they were actually trunks, but you couldn't tell from the picture. You may ask what was bad about the billboard, and to tell you the truth, if it had been any other guy, I might have blown my load on the spot, but it was me. 

There I was; my bronze body and my washboard abs with a very pronounced happy trail leading down to a very exposed bulge in my shorts. I do sport a very thick 8" cock, but I never dreamed they would exploit my looks for advertisement. You have never really experienced embarrassment until you have seen your crotch exposed to your entire community. I knew that with my historically acclaimed good looks that this picture was going to get me a lot of attention once school started, and as a pretty shy person, I knew that my personality was going to change, whether I liked it or not.

Pre-season started a few weeks later, and I tried to forget about the billboard. Of course I wasn't allowed to because the guys razzed me quite a bit, but I chalked it all up to jealousy. I got nicknames such as "pretty boy" and "Abercrombie," and my most favorite of all, "Party Pants." Even though the guys gave me hell in the locker room, I made my showing of the football field a memorable one. I scored in the first game the first time I got the ball. It was an easy 60 yard run for a touchdown, and my popularity increased.

By the third game of the season, I had almost every girl from school at the stadium of Saturday to watch me play. There were even a large number that traveled to our fourth game on the fan bus. The football team was having a very successful year, and my picture was being broadcasted on a national level by the 5th week of the season. I was being given numbers left and right. Girls would run up to me at parties and give me their underwear...which was gross. It's hard though for a closeted gay man to hide his lack of interest when all of his teammates are at the same parties. I would leave with a few girls sometimes, but I either dumped them off on my way home or let them give me a blowjob and then I dumped them. I really didn't want the guys to find out that I had expressed no interest at all.

It was in the 6th week of the regular season that my life started to get interesting. We had a midseason break, and I was relieved to finally get some rest. The coach gave us three days off, and I was super excited about getting some much needed sleep. It was Sunday night, and six weeks into the season, when I finally met the kids across the hall from my dorm room. Due to my football schedule, I left the room at 6:00 a.m. and barely got back by midnight; though, I was usually able to take a nap in the football lounge in the afternoon between class and practice.

My dorm room was a private room with a walk-in closet, double bed, and a nice sized bathroom with a whirlpool tub. I was afforded the luxury because the Coach had arranged it after my mid-summer advertising campaign. The room was technically designated for handicapped students, but I'm sure a few phone calls got me reassigned to the room.

The guys from across the hall realized my door was open, and they both came over and introduced themselves. Josh and Andrew were nice guys, and Josh looked vaguely familiar, but I wasn't sure where I recognized him from. We started talking about football, and it was then that Josh told me who he was. Josh and I had attended rival high schools, and it was Josh that tackled me in the beginning of the 4th quarter of the final game of the season. Josh tackled me on a touchdown run, and I was knocked unconscious. I awoke a few hours later at the emergency room with a very nasty concussion. 

After Josh told me who he was, he was very apologetic, almost to the point of excessiveness, but I told him, "Hey, its football, most people get knocked out more than once in their career." Again, he apologized some more, and I tried to change the conversation. We talked about college football and the upcoming game. It was supposed to be our hardest game of the season, and I told them that I wasn't that worried about scoring because I had seen the defense of the other team. After some more conversation, Andrew announced that it was time for him to go to bed. 

Josh stayed in the room and apologized some more, and I finally told him to shut the hell up, which he finally did. I can't believe that I actually said this, but I told him, "its kinda cute, that you"re are so sorry for what you did." In all actuality, Josh was really as cute as they come, not just in his apologetic state. Josh was about the same height and build as I was. He had picked up some serious muscle mass since high school, and I was really getting turned on. 

I really wanted to get my mind off of him, and I didn't want to stare at him, so I tried to think of something to cool me down. I asked him if he wanted to watch some porn, and he accepted my offer. We closed the door to my room, and I turned on the Playboy channel. (The university had also provided me with some interesting amenities.) I lied down on the far side of the bed which was up against the wall, and Josh sat down on the edge. I was paying more attention to his back than I was to the screen. His muscles were much defined, and his shirt with the cut-off sleeves was driving me absolutely wild. I could see his well developed arms and his defined back muscles were pushing against his skin tight shirt. There was a small patch of hair under his arms, which just made me think about hair in other places. I was lost in ecstasy, but with his masculine build and the attention that he seemed to pay attention to the movie, I was sure he was straight. Thank god looks can be deceiving.

I fell asleep a few minutes later with a raging hard-on and images of perfection forever painted in my memory. I rolled over in my sleep, and was facing the wall. It was about four o'clock in the morning when I rolled over and realized Josh was lying down next to me in my bed. I thought about waking him up, but I enjoyed his being there too much, and I figured he was the one that fell asleep there. If he wanted to go home, he would have. I scooted over towards him, and I fell asleep only inches from his body. I realized that he must have just taken a shower before coming over, because he smelled of heaven. The soap smell just clung to his body. Again, I was hard, but I knew I couldn't do anything about it with him right there.

An hour or so later, something woke my up, and I realized it was Josh. He had rolled over and placed his arm around my body. He had scooted closer himself and pressed his body flush up against mine. I thought I was going to lose it at that moment. My cock had to be an inch bigger than normal, but with his hand around me and only inches from my waist, I couldn't do anything about it. I didn't know what was going on, nor did I know what was happening. Then I felt it, his cock started to harden and it was pressing against the crack of my ass. I was sure he was dreaming of his girlfriend, but I didn't care. I was in heaven. Josh was spooning with me, and it was awesome. I hadn't had a cock that close to my ass since the previous Christmas. It was October, and I was desperate. I made a move towards my cock, and when my arm moved, I felt Josh quickly roll over. "BUSTED," I said, "You're awake!" He tried to make an excuse, but he couldn't. Then he started to apologize again. He said he would leave, but I grabbed him and said, "what the fuck were you doing, sit down and explain what you were doing?" He said, "I am really sorry, I couldn't help myself, but you are so fucking hot. I'll leave now, I really am sorry dude."

It was at that moment that I said, "You're gay, aren't you."

It was dark in the room, but I could tell he was starting to weep a little. "I've never said this out loud before, but Yes, I am gay." After he finished his sentence I sat up so I was looking at him in the eye, and I grabbed his head and kissed him.

"Don't worry dude, and definitely don't be sorry. I am gay too." 

We then kissed for what seamed like an hour, and I was is pure ecstasy. We made out some more, and he started to get up. We neither one had the energy to proceed; he started to get up after our make out session, I again pulled him close to me and said, "Stay, I want you to hold me in your arms the rest of the night." 

I took off my shirt and laid down on the bed. After taking off his shirt, he laid down next to me and we curled up in the flannel sheets. It was the most sensual experience of my life. He wrapped his strong arms around me and pressed his hardening crotch up against my ass. I fell asleep in his arms with his warm body radiating heat to mine. I won't ever forget the experience. 

We woke up several hours later. His hand had found its way to my crotch in the night, and I woke up with his soft hand gently stroking my cock still housed by the confines of my boxers and athletic shorts. I told him I was awake, and he started to move his hand out of my shorts. I told him to leave it right there. I told him how great it felt and that he could leave it there forever if he wanted to. 

He replied, "I really am glad you let me stay last night."

"I am glad you stayed last night." I replied after kissing him passionately.

"You know, I had to try hard not to fall asleep during that porn last night. I didn't want you to think I was gay, so I tried to stay interested. I guess I just passed out and didn't realize it."

"Dude," I said, "If you hadn't fallen asleep we would have never known, would we?

We spooned for about a half an hour and he gently stroked my dick. I wasn't really paying attention to that as much as I should have, but I was more turned on by his strong body pressed up against mine. A few seconds later, I lost it. I blew the biggest load of my life all over myself, his hand, and the bed. I was soaked in cum, and I was practically in pain from the force of the orgasm.

I rolled over and said, "I guess it's my turn to apologize." 

"Don't worry about it," he said. "But I think we better get cleaned up so we can go to class."

He started to walk out the door when I said, "Hey why don't you take a shower with me. I do have the private bath, and your clothes are clean. You can just put them back on when you leave." 

I grabbed his sticky hand and led him to the bathroom. We stripped of our shorts and turned on the water. My crotch was still gooey from the previous incident, and I thought I would never get hard again, until I looked at my new found lover. His body was more defined than I ever could have imagined, and that cock I felt against my ass during the night must have only been half hard then, because it was an awakening monster at that point. Both of our cocks seemed to be growing, and when I looked down at mine, I couldn't believe its size. We grabbed each others cocks and led each other to the shower.

As soon as the body started to wash down our bodies, we began to kiss passionately. We hugged and our raging hard-ons were squished uncomfortably between our wet bodies. I began to worship his body. I kissed his neck, his ears, and started to work my way south. I found his nipples and started to nip at them lovingly with my teeth. Further south I worked, I found my way to his happy trail, and I followed it to my destination. I reached his gorgeous cock, and I started to kiss it gently. By this time, it had filled to its capacity reaching a final length of about nine or ten inches. I massaged his balls with my right hand while I held his cock with my left. I had never taken a cock that large, but I decided that I needed to try. 

I started to work his cock in my mouth inch by glorious inch. I would take a breath between strokes and brace myself for the next plunge. I worked his cock deep into my throat, not knowing how it got there, but god, it felt and tasted wonderful. The water was running down my face and body, and it felt so warm and wonderful. 

I reached my hands around to his ass and started to pull him close to my body. I was controlling the rate of which he was face-fucking me, and he must have understood that because of his immense size, we had to take it at my pace. It took me a few moments to get used to him being that far down my throat, but I did get used to it. 

When I finally began to feel more comfortable, I started to play with his ass with my fingers. I would pull him close forcing his cock down my throat, and I would hold him there while gently stroking his boy pussy with my finger. I would start with my middle finger at the top of the crack of his ass, and I would slide it downward. When I needed air, I would pull him away from my mouth, take a breath, and we would go again. After a few minutes of this action, he began what I would consider the climax of my lifetime. 

As he was face-fucking me, and I was gently massaging his hole, he poured shampoo on my head and began to massage my head while I was servicing his member. His fingers ran through my hair with ease, and he made me feel loved. For the first time in my life, I felt like I was being loved by another man. For about twenty minutes, I felt the man of my dreams trying to make me happy as I was doing the same for him.

I don't know how long the session lasted, but I was sure that I was not only going to be late for class, but that I had completely missed it all together. Knowing that I was going to have to run sprints in practice because of missing a class was of no concern.

Josh finally tensed up his hands, grabbing my hair. I knew that meant he was going to shoot, so I backed off a little. I still had much of him in my mouth as he began to pour his love juice into my mouth. He tasted so wonderful. His cum was filling my mouth and running down the back of my throat. I was sure that I would never taste anything as wonderful in my entire life. After the last drop of cum was sucked out of his perfect cock, he pulled me up. He then laid a passionate kiss on my lips. His tongue explored not only my mouth, but the core of my existence. He reached around, grabbing my ass cheeks, and pulled me close to his body. After massaging each other's body with the bar of soap, we rinsed off our bodies and stepped out of the shower. We started to dry each other off, but were consumed again with a passionate make-out session.

We decided that he would have to come over that night to finish what we had started. I couldn't even think the rest of the day until I got to football practice and realized I had to run Sprints for 30 minutes. Each sprint I just thought of my lover which made it all worthwhile.