 We meet eventually

This is a multi part story that contains MM, MF, and MMF sex.

 

 

Chapter 9 -- Monday Morning

Back to work for Alex and an unexpected interview.

I went through my usual routine in the bathroom before heading for the dressing room, slipping on a pair of tight lace sheer pink boxers, enjoying the firmness around my cock and balls of the light and sheer material as I adjusted myself, into a nice looking bulge. A pair of black tnt otc socks followed by a light pink Egyptian cotton double cuff shirt, I attached a black and pink set of braces to my black fine pinstripe trousers, slipping into them, the pink silk lining, gliding over my thighs, the coolness so arousing, my cock twitched, I checked myself in the mirror.

I smiled to myself as I slowly fondled my suited crotch seeing the bulge increase, thinking of Will, naked on my bed, I so much wanted to be there with him, it seemed that I couldn’t get enough of him. Shaking my head, I told myself that I didn’t have time for that today, as I turned back to the wardrobe picking out a two tone pink woven silk tie, enjoying the feel of it as I tied it into a classic Windsor knot. A pair of cufflinks, silver with a light pink stone set in them and a silver mesh wrap around, finished off my shirt. Sitting down I slipped my feet into a pair of black pointed toe brogue patterned. Patent leather shoes, quickly doing up the laces, they felt delightfully snug, the soft leather lining rubbing against my sheer socks.

I pulled up my braces, adjusting my shirt, before slipping on my matching waistcoat, the hot pink silk lining and back feeling lovely and cool against my chest and back. I slipped a matching pink pocket square into the top pocket of my jacket, before slipping it on. Checking in the mirror, slightly tightening and straightening my tie, a shrug off my shoulders getting the jacket to sit comfortably. I was ready, grabbing my phone and wallet I headed for my office.

Switching on the coffee machine, then my pc. I removed my jacket placing it on a hanger behind my desk, I checked the time 7.45 am, I would have nearly an hour of peace before the building would come to life. I started on the paperwork from my in tray. I managed to clear it relatively quickly, dealt with my emails, made a few calls, sent Ben off with Will to get him tuxed up. Dealt with Chris my photographer and organised a couple of things for Will and I.

I was relaxing with a coffee, when Jane buzzed me to say that Greig had arrived, he was early, a good sign.

“Give me 5 minutes then bring him in please.” I told her. I quickly retrieved some papers from my desk, tidying away some other stuff, before Jane came in with Grieg.

“Greig, it’s good of you to come.” I greeted him, rising from my desk and walking towards him. “Will you ensure we are not disturbed please Jane.” As she left the office. “Please take a seat Greig.” As I returned behind my desk, sitting down I had a good look at him, he was as polished as he had been in the restaurant, he was wearing a smart dark grey suit, white shirt, grey tie and polished black shoes. A very good start, my cock was twitching.

“You made quite an impression on my colleague and I the other day.”

“Thank you sir, It’s not very often we get, well dressed Gentlemen on a Saturday.”

“You only work there on Saturdays then?”

“And Sundays, I’m still at Uni, so the shifts work for me sir.”

“Ah, right, okay Greig I’m going to be blunt, why did you call me?”

“Well sir,” a flush appeared around his neck. “You seemed interested in me, the way you looked at me and you left me your card.”

“So you’re attracted to men then?”

“Yes sir.”

“Good, good.” the redness on his face was rising, he crossed his legs, but I could see a distinctive bulge. “So you found me attractive or was it my colleague?”

“Both sir.”

“Thank you.” I smiled warmly at him. “I’m flattered, it’s not every day that a young man finds me attractive, so tell me Greig, what is it about me that you find attractive?”

“Well sir,” he coughed clearing his throat. “You both looked fabulous, fit, well dressed and your colleague seemed to be well endowed.”

“Okay so let me get this, you like older, well dressed men who have big cocks, is that right?” I smiled, he seemed to squirm in his seat when I mentioned cock.

“Eh yes sir.”

“I’m sorry Greig, these questions may sound strange to you, as you were probably thinking that you were coming here for a quick fuck.” His eyes widened, as his face became redder still. “But you see Greig, I am looking at you in a slightly different way, you see I am not normally attracted to young bois, however you piqued my interest in some other ways, as well as your rather impressive bulge.” At this he moved his hands in his lap, not before I saw some movement, I smiled. “So would you mind if I asked you some more personal questions?” “The reason will become clear at the end I hope.”

“No, not at all Sir.” He seemed to squirm slightly in his chair.

“Right then.” As I rose from my seat, walking around my desk I picked up a clipboard and pen as I perched my butt on the edge of the desk. “How old are you?”

“21 sir”

“Good, are you top, bottom or versatile?”

“Versatile, but with older men I am more of a bottom.”

“Ok, do you enjoy role play sex, such as Daddy/son, Dr’s, Boss/Jnr, cross-dressing, officer/soldier?”

“Ergh, yes, I suppose so, I’ve not really done that much sir.”

“Okay that’s fine, how about CMNM?”

“I don’t know sir I’ve never tried it. I’m not sure.”

“Well if I was to ask you to strip now, how would you feel?”

“Embarrassed.” He smiled nervously.

“So that’s a no then?”

“Oh no sir, I mean yes I would strip if required to.”

“Well,” I laid down my clipboard, giving him a good view of my bulging trousers, “in that case please strip.”

“What! Here, now sir?”

“Yes we won’t be disturbed.” He seemed to think about, and then he rose, sporting, by now a quite impressive looking bulge in his trousers, slipping his jacket off, placing it on the chair, his tie followed, loosening his shirt revealed a nicely toned, hairless chest, he slipped out of his shoes, as he undid his belt. I moved slightly, spreading my legs, he stopped, looking at me, I smiled as I placed my hand on my bulge. He continued undoing the buttons on his trousers, unzipping them and letting them fall, to reveal tight black shorts restraining what looked like a nice cock. He stepped out of his trousers placing them on the pile of clothes, stood up and looked directly at my eyes. I raised my eyebrows, enquiringly, he visibly gulped before he pulled down his shorts, allowing a nicely shaped, cut, 7 incher with an upward curve and a nice girth to it. He was also hairless, bonus.

“Very good Greig, can you turn around please?” My god he was perfect, a gorgeous butt. “And back please, Thank you.” My cock was twitching again, as he turned back, his hard cock swinging from side to side. “Do you have any fetishes?”

“I’m sorry sir how do you mean?”

“Well, do you let’s say enjoy bondage or leather, sniff socks, underwear, speedos, footie kit, rubber, lingerie that sort of thing.”

“Oh right sir, not really.”

“Ok then, how about what turns you on?”

He smiled. “Apart from you Sir?” Was he getting cocky? I rubbed my thigh next to my bulging crotch, watching him, his eyes followed my hand. His cock twitched.

“Well yes, it will help.”

“Right, well I like men that are well dressed, take care of themselves physically, wear nice looking underwear, bulges in shorts, is that what you mean sir?”

“Yes that’s perfect.” And it was, as I scribbled some more notes on my clipboard. This guy was too good to be true. “Have you heard of a suit fetish?”

“Is that men that are into sex with their suits on?”

“Well that’s part of it, they also enjoy the feel of a good suit, the silk of a tie, appreciating a partner’s body through the material, before they have sex, not just a quick fuck. They are also into other types of what they call formal dress, tuxedos, military and other types of uniforms.”

“Yes, I’ve heard of that, but not really experienced it.”

“Would you be interested in any of that?” He smiled, that’s positive.

“Would you like me to be sir?”

I smiled at him. “I would love that Grieg, but you see I also wish my partners to get something from any sexual encounters.”

“Well I’m told I’m very good at giving oral sex and get a lot of satisfaction from a partner’s release.”

“Mmmm, so you’re an expert cocksucker are you? Would you care to prove that?”

“Oh yes sir, I would really like to pleasure your cock.”

I smiled broadly at him. “Well that will have to wait for the moment.” He looked slightly disappointed at this. I have a few more questions for you. “I take it you are a medically clean?”

“Yes sir, I have regular bloods taken, I also insist on condoms whether I’m fucking or being fucked.”

“Very good, I take it you can supply theses results?”

“Yes sir.”

“Good, have you ever had any STD’s?”

“No sir.”

“Excellent, right then Greig, before we continue I require you to sign a legal document, it is a standard Non Disclosure agreement between you and I. Basically it says that you will not discuss out with these walls anything that you and I discuss or do, you are also protected in that should I cause you any physical harm this agreement will then be null and void. Are you okay with that? As I’m afraid I can’t continue without your signature.”

“Eh, wow sir, I’m not sure, you’ve got me slightly worried, especially about the ‘physical harm’ bit.” A concerned look on his face.

“No, Greig I totally understand, it’s there for your protection, in case I say, turn into a raving lunatic, rape you bash you over the head and the like. Does that explain it any better?” As for the rest, it is there to stop you or me from telling stories to the press etc, you know the kiss and tell stuff in the tabloids.”

“Argh right sir, do we really need that?”

“I’m afraid that I do Greig, however I can say that should you sign, and then decide that what I’m proposing for you is not for you. Then there is no problem in you walking away, but you must remember that you cannot divulge anything I say, do you understand?”

“Yes sir, I get it now.” He appeared to relax as he then said. “Where do I sign Sir?”

“Thank you Greig.” As I handed him the clipboard and the pen pointing out to him where I needed his signature. I couldn’t help but notice how delightfully his hard cock moved as he approached me. Laying the clipboard down on my desk to sign the paperwork, then stepping backwards to stand where he was previously.

“Excellent Greig, now.” As I began to undo my waistcoat, then loosening my braces off. “Shall we see how proficient your oral skills are?” as I undid the waistband of my trousers, unzipping them, I stood up allowing them to fall slightly, opening them wider before I perched back onto my desk.

He smiled walked forward and dropped to his knees in front of me. He stopped looked up at me a large grin on his face.

“May I pleasure your cock sir?”

“Yes please, Greig, please be careful though with any spillages I still have a lot to do and don’t wish to have to get changed.”

“That won’t be a problem sir.” As he reached up undoing the bottom buttons on my shirt pulling them to the side, tucking them under my braces, revealing my bulging pink lace sheer shorts, he looked up at me, huge grin on his face.

“Wow sir, I love your underwear, and your cock is looking very impressive.” As he gently began to stroke my bulge, with his hands, teasing my shaft up and down, and under my balls. “May I sir?” He asked as his hands went to the waistband of my shorts, waiting for my permission.

“Please.” I said softly. He gently pulled my waistband out and down freeing my cock, slipping them under my balls. He placed a hand under my balls cradling then ensuring I wasn’t caught by my shorts. This hand’s fingers then began to gentle tickle the underside of my scrotum, something I really enjoy. His other hand was lightly moving up and down my shaft, his fingers dancing lightly up and down it like a musical instrument. He teased me like this for a few minutes, gently blowing his warm breath onto my shaft as his hands were working their magic, my cock growing to its full size.

I was enjoying watching him, as he gently stuck his tongue out, licking through the gap in my foreskin, gently caressing my cockhead, licking up the drops of pre cum that had formed, thanks to his endeavours. Pulling back my foreskin my engorged purple mushroom shaped head appeared, glistening from his tongues efforts. He stopped and looked up at me, his grin had gotten wider.

“You have one of the nicest cocks I have ever seen sir, may I taste it please?”

“Fuck yes Greig!” I was starting to feel the pleasure from just his hands, I was eager to experience his mouth.

Slowly his tongue worked its way around and up and down my cockhead, before he slowly worked his way down my shaft, his fingers still teasing my balls and scrotum, the pleasure he was giving me was immense. I tried to encourage him by placing my hands on his head, to take me in his mouth. However he seemed intent on his work to build up the pressure he was creating and wouldn’t be rushed.

Just as I thought I couldn’t take anymore, he thankfully placed his mouth over my cockhead, enclosing it, just holding it there, as his tongue danced around it, sucking hard, it felt as if it would explode. Gently he released it moving down my shaft slowly, only moving about an inch before he repeated this suck, lick tease of his. This was purgatory I thought my cock was going to explode.

Eventually though I felt his nose against my skin, he had taken me all in, his throat clamping around my cockhead, again he held me there, before gently releasing and moving slowly back up my shaft, using his teeth very gently grazing my shaft as he went, slowly, agonizingly so. Much more of this and I would be exploding in his mouth. Reaching my cockhead his teeth moved back as his lips now took over, sucking on my cockhead as he allowed it to escape his mouth.

He looked up at me, his face flushed from his efforts, grinning from ear to ear, I smiled back at him, as I still experienced the waves of pleasure emanating from my cock. Then his eyes still on me he swallowed me in one go, my god I wasn’t expecting that, he was now bobbing like there was no tomorrow up and down my shaft.

Occasionally releasing me completely, gasping a breath, the plunging back down again. His free hand was now rubbing my ass thru my trousers, gently caressing it with just the right amount of pressure, holding me in place as his mouth continued its assault on my cock, with this amount of attention it was inevitable that I would come, he sensed my imminent release, holding me tightly in his mouth as my cock spasmd in his throat, he took my load as my cock pumped its milky load again and again, he pulled off me slightly sucking me hard, swallowing my load, ensuring he was getting all of my spunk.

I had never felt an orgasm so intense from a blowjob, my whole body was trembling as he eventually released my cock from his mouth, his tongue snaking around my shaft and cockhead hovering up the copious amount of fluid he had created. I managed to grab the box of tissues handing some to him. Taking them he wiped my cock gently, almost lovingly, clear of any seepage.

Finishing he sat back on his haunches and looked up at me.

“Stay there and don’t move.” I instructed him as I moved thru to my washroom. I rinsed and dried off my cock, rearranged my clothing, making note that there wasn’t any spillage on me. Giving myself a last check in the mirror, I returned to find Greig still on his haunches, but also his hands behind his back, his head bowed. Perfection, he was too good to believe. I resumed my perch on the edge of my desk and looked down at him.

“Right then Greig, I think we can move on to the next stage. If you would like to stand please.” He rose standing straight, arms behind his back, staring straight ahead, as was his still hard cock. “If you would like to retake your seat we will continue.” He quickly moved back to his seat, this time though he didn’t cross his legs, rather sitting upright, much like his cock.

“Well Greig, I have to complement you on your oral skills, they are extremely good, and also your demeanour is excellent, as is by the looks of things your cock. If you were to come now, how quickly would you be able come again?”

“Thank you sir, probably 20 minutes or so sir, however I have found that I still remain hard.”

“Very good, this conversation now comes under your NDA, do you understand?”

“Yes sir, please be assured though sir, I am not in the habit of gossiping about my sexual activities.”

“Thank you for that, now, have you ever heard of the SAT Club?”

“No Sir.”

“Good that’s the way we like it.” I smiled. “We are a select group of like minded gentlemen, who enjoy the pleasure of being suited and booted, together, we enjoy great sexual satisfaction from this, and meet regularly to partake in sexual pleasures, shall we say, whilst we are suited or wearing some other form of formal dress. These meetings take place very discreetly, as you can imagine and are by invitation only. Where do you fit into this you may ask?” He nodded his understanding. “Well Greig some of our activities require the assistance of non members. Hence my interest in you and your skill set. Would you be at all interested in assisting us?”

“Very much sir.” His eyes lighting up. “What would my duties entail sir?”

“We will get to that shortly, however I need to satisfy myself that you would be suitable.” His smile faded slightly at this. “I’m going to tell you a scenario so as you can better understand what I’m looking for, a lot is role play based, do you understand.” He nodded his understanding.

“Good, right you are dressed as a butler and are serving dinner to a group of gentlemen, you will be groped and fondled but you must not refuse any advances from any of the guests, at some point you will be required to serve whilst wearing only a bow tie cummerbund socks and shoes. Your cock should be hard, a silver cock ring will also be worn to assist you. You may during the course of the evening be required to suck off any guest who requests you, there is also a very good chance that you will be fucked by the guests, at no time will your safety be at risk though, a safe word will also be used should you require a break. You will not be the only, shall we say, ‘attraction’, there will be others like yourself, it is not unheard of for guests to encourage the attractions to pleasure each other, again you will be required to participate in this. How do you feel about this?”

“Well sir.” He coughed to clear his throat. “It actually sounds very interesting and erotic, I think that I get the gist of what type of behaviour I would be required to partake in.” He sounded very confident with his answer, his body language was very positive as well, his cock still hard and twitching. As he carried on. “With regards to safety sir would condoms be used? And also I take it that any clothing would be provided for us?”

“With regards to condoms, and I’m afraid this is a deal breaker, no, however all members have regular blood checks done, and provide results to the organiser prior to the event, as do all ‘attractions’, who must adhere to the same rigorous tests. Should someone fail to provide a test result they will not be allowed to partake. We are very strict about this, with no exceptions. I hope this puts your mind at ease?”

He nodded his ascent. “As for clothing, yes everything will be provided, as well as transportation to and from events. You will also be recompensed for your time at the club.” At this his eyes widened. “Do you have any other questions?”
