 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

For the benefit of 'Anonymous' this is a fantasy story.

*******************************

"I think he's waking up."

The voice was gruff, and deep, and full of anticipation.

"I hope he's ready for action," said another voice, this time with a heavy northern accent.

I still remember the shiver that went down my spine, when I realised where I was, and what those words might mean. I stayed as still as possible, trying to appear to be still asleep. 

I was at uni, and I'd only just 'come out,' and me and a friend had gone to a gay bar, and got into conversation with a group of guys. We'd been drinking shots, and all I could recall was going into the street and passing out.

I was now naked, face down on a bed, in a hotel suite. My friend Andy, was nowhere to be seen. 

Opening one eye I could see one of the guys from the group we'd met in the bar, seated naked, looking at the tv screen, where there was a gay porn film playing. 

I could hear the grunting of the soundtrack, but could hear additional noises from another room. 

The suite consisted of two bedrooms, and I was on a bed in what became clear was the smaller bedroom. 

"Oh god, not again, please, I can't take any more." The voice came from the main bedroom, and it sounded like my friend Andy.

I lay motionless, as the sound of the video mixed with Andy's occasional cries, filled me with dread. 

The guy watching the video was sitting stroking his erect cock very slowly. The video ended as there came a cheer from several voices in the other room. 

Suddenly, from behind me, someone grabbed my shoulder, and pulled me onto my back. I couldn't feign unconsciousness any longer.

"It's your turn young man," the guy said. "C'mon, on your feet."

I was pulled off the bed, and immediately saw that this guy was naked too. Heavily tattooed, his cock was huge, and very erect.

I remained silent, I felt like crap, with a thumping headache, but that disappeared, as I was forced into the other bedroom by the two men.

There were three men standing around the bed, all naked. One of them was unbuckling some straps from Andy's wrists, which had been attached to the bedhead. His ankles were already free, but I noticed first his buttocks, legs, and thighs. Smeared, and dribbling between his legs, were the deposits of semen from the three guys.

As Andy was released, and pulled to his feet, he saw me there, and said, "Jim, don't resist, just get through it mate, I'm sorry."

One of the guys pushed him into the bathroom, and told him to get showered. And then attention turned to me.

"On the bed." The order was clear.

I didn't protest, and as I was made to kneel, and my wrists were secured to the bedhead. 

Straight away one of the guys behind me pulled my ass cheeks apart, and after smoothing, and probing with his fingers, he thrust his face between them, and his tongue started to lick my anus. It probed, and every now and again, he spat saliva to help lubricate his efforts.

And then the moment I knew would arrive came all too soon. I was going to lose my virginity.

My ass had been prepared, and I felt the head of his cock pressed against my fundament. I couldn't help crying out, as his cock entered my ass. He wasn't very at all gentle, he just rammed it straight in.

"Fuck," I cried out.

The guys in the room laughed out loud, and began to give encouragement.

"Fuck him, fuck his ass, open him up for me."

My knees weakened, and my sphincter screamed. The guy spat more saliva down onto his cock, and began to thrust. I gritted my teeth, and tried to block out the shouting.

A hand grabbed my cock and massaged it. "Fuck it," I kept saying to myself as it hardened, despite my willing it not to.

Maybe the room thought my silence indicated that I'd started to enjoy the fucking. When my cock got harder, one of the younger, smaller guys slid underneath me, presenting his cock to my mouth, but taking mine in his.

My head was forced down onto it by someone, and I gagged as I was facefucked from below.

So much was happening, I couldn't focus on anything. The cock fucking my ass, my mouth full of another, and then my own cock which was seconds away from bursting. Whether the guy sucking was surprised or not, I didn't know, but I started pumping my spunk into his mouth. After the first spurt he quickly pulled away, the rest of my load shooting in bursts onto the bed covers. 

A great shout of triumph went up in the room, then sarcasm towards the guy who'd sucked me, but I was sensing the guy fucking me was getting close. 

It was going to be a first for me. He thrust rapidly, grunting more loudly. My lower body was shaking with his pounding, and then he slowed, and thrusting deep, held himself there. 

"Sssssshhhhhiiiiiittttt," he uttered in a long gasp, and then, "Fuck, fuck, fuck."

I heard myself groan out loud, the feeling inside me of his cock seeming to swell, and then the jerk, and warm sensation as he ejaculated.

He withdrew his cock, my sphincter, I'm sure, was gaping, and some spunk spilled out onto the bed. I drew some respite as my knees sagged, but all too soon another cock was in me.

More cheering as the pounding resumed. I was trying to switch off. 

I'm not sure what happened, but within a few minutes this guy started to cum. Maybe inexperience, or excitement, but I felt him pumping more semen into me. With much ridicule he withdrew, and with my ass dribbling cum I was released from my restraints, and turned on my back. 

There seemed to be a buzz of expectation as I looked towards the door, and through it swaggered a huge man, naked, muscled, tattooed, and with the biggest cock I'd ever imagined, which was adorned with a gold Prince Albert piercing. 

"No, no, you can't expect me...no," was all I said.

Two guys, one either side of me, raised my legs into the air. The huge guy, who was being called Jake, approached the bed. He reached down, and took a slaver of semen from my seeping ass, and lubricated the head of his cock.

Close up it was as thick as a forearm, and looked about 9 or 10 inches long.

"Oh god nooooooo!" I yelled again.

There was more cheering as he moved closer, and positioned himself. 

"Relax Jim, try to relax." The voice was Andy's, who was now being made to watch.

"Goddddddddd, fucking christ, fuuuuuuuuuucccckkkkkk!!" was all I could scream.

Jake took his time, he was used to tight bottoms. Mine had been stretched, and was awash with semen, but even so he had to stretch it wider. Gradually he sunk inside. 

"Oh god, oh god," I repeated, "Oh god please go slow."

The whole room cheered, and Jake reached down and slapped me across the face twice.

"Take it like the sissy slut you are." And he pushed all the way in.

"Fuck, christ, fuck, oh god," but he had no sympathy, and he started to thrust. 

I closed my eyes, and whimpered. 

As the two guys holding my legs stretched them further apart, a third took my cock and started to wank it. Now whether it was Jake's cock massaging my prostate, or just a reaction to seeing Jake towering over me, but my cock began to get hard again. Seeing this, the guy wanking me signalled to bring Andy over to the bed. 

"Suck it faggot, suck your friend."

Andy's head was pushed down over my stomach, and he took me in his mouth. With Jake now grunting and enjoying his task, I could feel myself making him gag as his head was forced down. 

It wasn't long before I was ready to shoot. 

"I'm going to cum Andy," which was greeted with another cheer. 

"Keep it in your mouth, don't swallow it," Andy was told.

I couldn't hold back, and filled Andy's mouth with my cum. When I'd stopped cumming his head was lifted, and he was brought up to the top of the bed.

"Now spit it into his mouth."

Andy's head was held above my mouth, and my mouth forced open. My cum dropped in one long stream into my mouth. 

"Swallow it slut," was the order, which I did. Tasting my own cum was something I'd tried before, but this was quite a different occasion.

At that moment Jake was about to cum. With a loud groan of pleasure I felt him burst within me. He came, and he came, and he kept cumming.

As he slid from me, it was like a serpent being withdrawn. It was coated in the previous guys' semen, dripping, glazed white, with a drop hanging from his Prince Albert.

"Ok get showered you, and get the other one on the bed."

"No, no more," pleaded Andy as he was spread on the bed, and I was pushed towards the bathroom. It was now 2am in the morning, and as I came out of the shower, I could hear Andy being fucked again. I wondered if I would be ok, because the five guys there must have had a limit to their stamina.

I couldn't have been more wrong. As I was guided back into the main bedroom to watch 'the show,' there was a tap on the door. The guy with me opened it, and three more guys entered, looking expectant. When they saw me they looked at me with hungry eyes.

The sound of another guy cumming in Andy's ass greeted me as I was made to watch from the side of the room. Another one took his place, and pounded away until he came.

Jake came back in the room to see how far the action had got. In an instant he saw me. Pointing at me he said, "Get him on the bed, I want him again."

The three new guys had undressed, and were in the doorway waiting to see Jake have his turn. Everyone couldn't help, but see his cock hanging down like a horse between his legs. When he saw one of the new guys staring, with a laugh he said, "Ah, some fresh meat, c'mon you go before me, get him juiced up." 

The guy looked unsure, but I lost sight of him as I replaced Andy on the bed. 

It wasn't long before I felt him behind me. I was exhausted, my ass was sore, and now it was starting again. Thank god someone passed him some lube, and I was grateful when I felt the cool liquid being applied to my hole.

His two mates were telling him to get on with it, and Jake was impatient too. "If you don't fuck him soon, you'll miss your chance sonny."

In a rush, he was inside me, and fucking me like a jackhammer. A cheer went up, and I resigned myself to my fate. I knew Jake was lined up and at least it wasn't going to be a surprise. 

With a groan, I felt the guy shoot his load into me, and I could see Jake stroking his dong in readiness.

I still wasn't prepared for Jake's huge cock. The room hushed as his cock became rigid, and he placed it against my ass. He pulled my cheeks apart and pushed. The head slipped through my sphincter, and as I said, "Shit," Jake kept pushing all the way in.

His cock went balls deep, his hairy thighs against my ass.

"Oh god, just go slow, you're too fucking big," was my plea. 

With a snort Jake withdrew halfway before plunging back inside me. 

Like before he worked up a rhythm until my anus was stretched wide, and once again my cock started playing tricks. It grew hard and as Jake thrust, and my body shook, it swung back and forth. Someone stepped forward to stroke it, and I was again distracted from the fucking I was getting onto the guy who was starting to milk me.

When another guy laughed and began to squeeze my nipples, it had the desired effect. The guy wanking my cock sensed I was about to cum, and held his other ready to collect my spunk. 

Jake's cock sliding over my prostate made me produce copious amounts of semen. I couldn't stop myself saying, "Fuck, oh jeez."

Pumping his palm full of my milk, it spilled over onto the bed. With a cry of satisfaction the guy smeared everything around my face. Into my mouth, my eyes, up my nose, everywhere.

And Jake pounded on and on, relentlessly.

I was shattered, broken. I heard Andy foolishly pleading, "For god's sake, he's had enough, can't you see?"

Andy was soon to regret that. In an instant Jake growled, "Get him here, on the bed."

Jake was out of me in a flash. I was pulled off the bed, and replaced by Andy.

"No,no, I can't take it, I can't take that." Andy's voice showed that he was terrified. 

He was spread out flat on the bed, face down. One guy squirted some lube between the cheeks of his ass, to mix with the spunk that trickled out. Jake knelt between his legs, and lowering his huge bulk, he guided his enormous cock between Andy's buttocks.

By this time Andy was screaming. Someone found a pair of boxers, and stuffed it in his mouth.

Four guys held his limbs spread out, and Jake pressed down with his broad hips. Slowly, inch by inch his cock made its way inside Andy. His leg muscles trembled as Jake's buttocks worked up and down.

Fortunately for everyone Jake came quickly. As he pressed home his cock, and his grunting accompanied his ejaculation, he held it there until both I and Andy were released to seek refuge in the shower.

Both of us were totally exhausted. Both of us had been used totally. Neither of us spoke much in the taxi journey home. We slept in the same bed that night, and in the morning we tried to come to some sort of conclusion as to where our sexuality lay.