 I had checked into the hotel the night before a full day of sales meetings I had scheduled two months in advance. With the economy the way it is a salesman who works entirely on commission can't be over-prepared. 

The hotel was your typical middle-of-the road place. Not a five-star and not some motel in the slums. It had a gym which is why I choose it. If I couldn't make any sales, the least I could do was keep up with my workout routine. Sure, it didn't offer a sauna or Jacuzzi, but it had a great gym and you couldn't beat the price. 

I had finished my three-mile run and done some light weight training before heading into the locker room. The good thing about hotel gyms is that most people travel to relax, so the gyms are usually empty, which is why I was surprised when there was another man in the locker room. 

He was about my height, 6-foot or so, but at least twenty years older than my 30 years. He had salt and pepper hair and a thin, lean build. I had lost some weight after I started running but still carried a good deal of muscle mass. 

The locker room was small, just one row of lockers with a single wooden bench between the lockers and the tiled wall. The older man sat at the first locker in a sweat-soaked tank top, mesh running shorts. His shoes and socks were off. 

"I'm sorry, my stuff is in the back there," I said as I squeezed by him between his tall frame and his locker. 

"No problem," he said. "You would think they could make these things bigger."

I laughed in agreement and spun the lock to open my locker, pulled out a towel and hung it over the open door. I glanced over at the older man, he had slid his shirt and shorts off and was standing in just a sweaty pair of grey briefs. 

"You here for business or pleasure?" he asked. 

I looked in his direction to answer his question and just as I did he slid down the briefs exposing a long and thin, soft cock. His pubic hair was freshly shaved. My eyes wandered up from his cock and to his blue eyes. I hoped he wasn't offended at my peek.

"Depends on what happens tomorrow," I said. "I'm in sales. If I have a big day tomorrow, I was here for business. If not, all I have to show for it is a good workout in the hotel gym."

Still standing there nude, he laughed and wiped his face with a towel. I took the opportunity to glance at his cock again. It must have been five inches soft.

"What about you?" I asked. 

He moved the towel from his face. 

"All business," he said. "Well, not all business, but I'm a regional manager for a grocery store chain. Once or twice a month I spend a few days in this region to check on my stores, meet with the managers etc."

I was standing now. I slid off my shirt and shorts and was standing in just my boxer briefs when he extended his hand.

"Jim Lambert," he said. 

"Mike Owens," I replied. "Good to meet you, Jim."

"You too," he said. 

I was excited to be this close to another naked man. Sure, there were men in various stages of undress at my gym at home all the time, but I never interacted with them, never looked them in the eye as they slid off their underwear and exposed a glorious cock. I slid off my boxer briefs, anxious to show Jim my own cock, small and thick when soft, but a real grower. I wanted to see his reaction upon exposing myself. 

"Do you always stay here when you are in town?" I asked, looking right at him as I slid my boxer briefs off. My own cock, shaved like his, flopped out of my sweaty underwear. 

When he looked at me to answer I saw his eyes first look at my cock, linger for two or three seconds before meeting my eyes.

"Yeah, they take care of me here. They give me a good rate on a suite, which I love because they have Jacuzzi tubs," he said. "Can't beat a Jacuzzi after a hard workout."

"Wow, a suite huh? Must be nice to be in management. My guys barely pay for the economy room," I said, wiping my face with a towel, allowing Jim, if he wanted, to get a good look at my cock. When I moved the towel down I could see that while he was gathering his shower supplies he was glancing at my dick. "Must be great to soak in a tub all night too."

"There is nothing like it," he said, gathering a towel and some soap and heading into the showers. 

I grabbed my shower things and followed him into the shower area. 

There were only four showers. Two right next to each other and then two directly across from those. To my surprise, Jim was in one of the showers washing himself with the shower curtain open. I took this as an invitation and took the shower directly across from Jim and followed his lead by leaving the curtain open.

I faced him and turned the water on, letting it roll all over my sweaty body. The cool water felt great on my aching muscles. I watched as Jim lathered up his body. He was facing me, looking right at me and giving his long, soft cock a thourough washing. I lathered up my washcloth and gave my own meat and balls and good cleaning. Jim's eyes watched me intently, making sure I got my cock good and clean. 

As I was rinsing the soap off of my, Jim turned his back to me and in a not so subtle way, bent over at the waist and gave his ass a very detailed washing. My cock felt alive as I watched. 

When I turned to wash the soap off of my face I heard his shower go off. Jim had come up behind me and was standing just outside of my shower stall. 

"When you are done here, why don't you come up to my room for a soak in the tub. I am in room 816," he said. 

I tried to wash my face off quickly, but by the time I turned around he was gone. I turned off the water, grabbed my towel and returned to the locker room area, but i was alone. I dried off and put on a fresh pair of shorts and a tee shirt. 

Room 816 was on the top floor of the hotel. Like so many places, the higher up you got, the nicer the room. My room was on the second floor. 

I knocked on the door and Jim opened it wearing just a pair of white briefs. 

"Glad you made it, come on in," he said. 

I walked in. The room was large. It has a flat screen TV, a sofa, a king-sized bed and a Jacuzzi tub in the main living area. 

"Wow, this place is great," I said. "Thanks for having me up."

"My pleasure."

I walked in farther and saw the Jacuzzi tub was already filled and steam was coming off the water. 

"The tub is already ready to go," he said. "I am assuming you don't mind if we go skinny dipping, I mean, we have already seen each other naked?"

"I don't mind a bit," I said. I slid off my shirt and pulled down my shorts, my now-clean cock popped out again. 

"No underwear, huh? You don't mess around," Jim said before sliding off his briefs and joining me in nudity.

"I figured why put them on if I knew I was just going to take them right back off."

Jim smiled.

"I like the way you think."

We both climbed into the hot Jacuzzi water. The tub was a square, not huge, but certainly there was enough room for two to share, albeit it in a somewhat romantic manner. 

I sat on the side facing the TV and the rest of the room. Jim slid in on the other side, grabbed the remote control and then settled in on my side, right next to me, our muscular legs touching each others. 

He pressed a few buttons on the remote and then two men appeared on the flat screen. They were nude with huge hanging cocks dangling between their legs. 

"I love sitting in here, turning on the jets, putting some porn on the TV and jerking off," he said. "You into that?"

I nodded my head, my cock was rock hard in all of its 8-inch thick glory. 

"Great," he said. 

Jim turned his upper body toward mine to put the remote on the side of the tub behind me, when he did, his hard cock rubbed against my leg. I wiggled my leg against it just enough to let him know that I was comfortable with what was going on.

"Now, there is something I have to check on," he said. He turned slightly toward me again and slide his right hand under the water and onto my hard cock, stroking it a few times. "I knew it. I knew when I saw you in the locker room that you had a big dick."

"I do ok," I said, breathing heavy from the stroking. 

"This feels like more than Ok," he said, stroking it. "You must be 8 inches or more..and thick..thick as a damn horse."

He moved his hands to my balls. I opened my legs to give him better access. 

"And these balls, they must pack one hell of a load," he said. "Stand up, let me get a look at that thing."

His eyes followed my cock as I stood up, still next to him. My dick was rock hard and standing at attention, pointing straight out toward Jim's suite. 

"God damn, I knew it. That is a great looking cock," he said. "Come over here, let me look at it closer."

He motioned me to stand in front of him, one leg on each side of his body, my cock pointing right at the top of his head. Jim sat up tall in this Jacuzzi and eased his mouth onto my cock. I moaned slightly feeling his wet tongue and mouth licking my taint, balls and head. He reached around and put both his hands on my ass cheeks and pulled me toward him, allowing him to deep throat my cock. 

I could tell this was not his first time sucking another man's throbbing cock by the manner in which he easily handled my big, thick cock. He took all of me into his mouth, sliding up and down, my cock rolling in and out of his hungry lips. Jim pressed his hands more aggressively against my ass. I got the impression he wanted me to fuck his face, so I did. I rocked back and forth, easing my cock in and out of his waiting mouth slowly and deeply. 

I held onto the back on his salt and pepper hair and guided myself into him for several minutes. He worked his tongue on the underside of my dick as his mouth formed a tight, wet suction on me. I felt his hand moving under the water as I assumed he was stroking his own cock in the same rhythm he was sucking mine. 

"Fuck that feels good," I said. 

"You ain't seen nothing yet," he said with a mouthful of my horse-cock.

I fucked his face for several more minutes. My back was to the TV and my eyes were closed, but from the sounds emanating from the screen, I could tell the actors were engaged in similar activity as Jim and I. I slid into him deep a few times before tugging upward gently on his head. 

"I think it's your turn now," I said. 

I took a half-step back, giving him enough room to stand. When he did, we were face to face, our hard cock playfully touching above the surface of the warm water below. I reached down and grabbed both my own cock and his, pressed them together and stroked a few times. Jim's reaction was pure joy. I guided him back and sat him down on the edge of the tub and opened his legs wide. I kneeled in the water in front of him, his cock starring me in the face. 

It was smooth and rock hard, thicker than I imagined and veiny. 

I didn't attack his dick with the vigor he went after mine, instead I took my time, started off with some slow, long, wet licks along his taint and the underside of his balls. His cock twitched at the first touch of my tongue. I could tell he liked being licked near his asshole so I focused several more licks on his taint and balls before licking all the way around his cock and up above to his shaved pubic region. I teased him with my tongue as far up as his thin waistline.

"Shit, man, you are gonna make me cum already," he said. 

I flicked the underside of the head of his cock with my tongue several times, now holding his full balls in my hand. 

"Well, that's the whole point, right?"

I circled the head of his cock with my tongue several times before finally ending the teasing and taking his cock into my mouth. I slid my wet mouth up and down his sex slowly and deeply, stroking the base with one hand and massaging his balls with the other. He let out several moans and I thought he was going to cum, which I was excited about. I love making my lover cum, whether it be a man or a woman. I increased my pace, both this my mouth and my jerking hand on the base of his cock. He moaned louder.  

Jim began to move his hips into me each time I went down on his cock and his hands were massaging my muscular, broad shoulders. I could feel the tension building in his muscles and his balls. I knew he was close. 

"Will you fuck me?" he asked in an exhausted tone. "Will you fuck my ass?"

"Mmmhmmm," I said in the tone you can only achieve with a mouth full of cock. 

Jim rose and slide out of the tub quickly. He went to his suitcase and pulled out a bottle of lube. I followed him out of the tub and surprised him from behind, my thick, hard cock playfully poking the ass I was about to fuck. 

"Go ahead and get on the bed, I will get you all ready."

He handed me the lube and climbed onto the king-size bed, got on all fours and waited. I opened the lube and applied a generous portion to my cock, making it slimly and slippery. I walked over to the bed and grabbed both of his ankles and pulled him toward the edge, putting him into a position where I could stand on the ground and fuck him. I could tell he liked me taking control of the situation. 

At the edge of the bed he perched himself on all fours, his ass in the air to me, legs spread wide, head buried into a pillow.

I bent over and seductively licked the bottom of his exposed balls, past his taint and to his asshole. I rimmed him a few times and stuck my tongue in once for good measure. Jim's body jumped in ecstasy. 

I lubed up two fingers heavily with his lube and slid them around and into his asshole. They went in fairly easy, a sure sign this was not the first time Jim was going to get fucked. He moaned as I prepared him. 

"Yeah, fuck my ass with that big dick!"

I guided the head of my cock in slowly, working his asshole open with my hands and going in inch by slow inch. The deeper I got the more I felt Jim squeezing against my dick. It felt fantastic to be inside a man who knew how to take a cock. I was halfway in and he had already taken the majority of my girth. His tightness and aptitude at meeting my cock with his ass made me feel like I could cum at any second. 

"You feel so good," I said. 

"So do you, Mike. God that cock feels great in me."

I had slowly worked my dick all the way into him. I started slow, steady strokes, preparing his hole for the hard and fast fucking I knew it needed. I grabbed his hips and increased my trot in and out of his ass.

"Oh that feels good," he said. "Fuck me good and hard."

"Mm, I'm going to. You ready for it, baby?" I asked. 

"Fuck yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

I grabbed his hips tighter, took one or two more slow and steady stroked and then raced off in a fast and hard manner. Jim moaned and his body shook at the hard fucking he was getting. The sounds of my body slamming into his made a fantastic "plop" noise with each stroke. 

"Oh yes, you are so fucking tight. Give me that little asshole."

Outside of the moaning, the only words Jim could muster were "Fuck me, yes, fuck me, yes."

I fucked him wildly for several minutes and could tell I wasn't going to last long. I reached my right hand around him and found his aching cock. I jerked him feverishly, sliding my hands, still somewhat lubed from earlier, up and down his hard cock 100 miles per hour. He let out a massive moan.

"Ohh, I'm gonna cum," he moaned. "Ahhh, yes, oh fuck yes."

He felt his orgasm explode all over the Egyptian cotton comforter. From the amount that lingered on my hand and the pulsations I felt from his cock, Jim had shot a hell of a load onto the bed in his suite. I was still fucking him and felt my own orgasm cumming on. 

"Fuck me, fuck me hard," he yelled. 

I did as I was told. 

"I'm gonna cum," I said frantically. "Where do you want me to cum?"

"just fuck me, fuck me you big horse-cocked stud."

"Ahhh," I screamed as I exploded into his asshole. I pounded each shot of cum into his asshole, my pace slowing with each shot. I pushed my cock deep into Jim's asshole with the last spray of my cum and slowly slide my cock out of his ass. Jim collapsed onto his stomach on the bed, rolled over and looked at me. 

"Wow!" he said. "All I can say is wow."

"I second that," I said, bringing my fingers, which were lightly covered in Jim's cum to my face and licking them clean. Jim smiled and I fell onto the bed next to him.

"We have got to do that again sometime," he said. 

"Fuck yeah we do," I said. 

He asked if I were married. I told him I was. He asked if my wife was into threesomes. I told him no, unfortunately. 

"Mine either," he said. "But I have a couple of friends, nice married couple into some kinky stuff. Maybe you and I could give them a call next time you are in town?"

I smiled and knew I would be seeing Jim again soon.