 I arrived home at my normal 8:00 PM, after another long day at the office. Having recently divorced I always turn to my computer to check things out first, before deciding what to do for the evening. Checking my E mail messages I discovered one from a person who had read an earlier erotic story I had written and submitted to Literotica.com. 

“Hello StyxVenom. I enjoyed reading your stories and wanted to let you know how much they turned me on. I am a married male, with no intention of dating other guys. I love my wife and family too much to ever change my lifestyle. However, like Richard in your first story, and Larry in your second story, I find that my wife no longer cares to go down on me at all. Sometimes when she has a few drinks she kisses my cock, but never any more than that. We enjoy other wonderful sex together, but I miss the blowjobs I used to get from her.”

As I read I wondered why he was telling me all of this. Then discovered that he travels quite often to Southern California and quite often stays at a hotel less than 10 miles from my house.

“If you’re ever available when I’m in town, I would like to know if you would consider going down on me. Nothing else. I don’t want you to remove your clothes. I don’t’ want you to kiss me. I simply want to you suck my cock like you have other men, and let me cum in your mouth. After I cum, I want you to leave. Are you interested?”

This was exactly what I wanted as well. No commitment. No dating, no meeting for drinks to see if we are compatible. I simply wanted to meet a someone who wanted to be serviced, not strings attached.

I replied that I was interested and asked him a few additional questions to make sure he was serious and sincere. He was, and he would be in town next week. He promised to get in touch with me.

I waited all week, and didn’t hear from him. Figures, he was playing an on line game.

Then, the last day he was in town I received his E-mail. 

“Styx, I’ve finally gotten enough courage to invite you over, if you’re available. As I stated before, I simply want you to come in, don’t say a word, just do as I say. I will be wearing a robe. I’ll tell you what I want, and will expect you to do it. I don’t smoke, I’m 45 years old, in perfect shape with a 9” uncut cock. I hope that meets your expectations. Still interested?”

I wrote back, from work. He gave me his room number and asked me to call him when I reached his hotel. I replied that I would go home first to shower and dress accordingly, because the hotel he was staying at is a very respectable one. And I asked him to shower.

I showed up at his hotel just before 8:00 and called his room. He told me to come up and knock twice. He also told me to bring up two Black Russian drinks, with no ice. I did as instructed and knocked on his door. He opened it and I walked in. The room was very dark, with only a light on in the bathroom so I could just see shapes. 

“Come in Styx. Welcome. Now, drink one of those drinks, quickly. Swallow it all in one or two gulps.”

I did what I was told, swallowing the burning mix of coffee liquor and vodka, I noticed an odor in the room. Cigar smoke, and it was fresh. In fact, he was smoking. Looking at his silouette, I could tell he stood about 6 feet tall, and weighed in at about 250 pounds. Not exactly what I had expected. 

“Good boy. Now, set one drink down, you’ll need that later. Come over here, get on your knees, and open my robe.” 

I did as instructed, and could barely see what looked like a 4 inch cock. I was disappointed, and a bit scared, not sure what this would be about.

‘Now,” he said turning around, “kiss my ass, and do it right or else!”

I knew I was in trouble, but took it one step at a time. The smell of is lit cigar filled the room, but I slowly kissed his ass while reaching around to massage his cock. It started to grow, and I was surprised that it jumped up to a full 7 inches. 

“Very good. Now show me how good you are at sucking cock.”

He turned around and I grabbed his cock, pulling it with my hand while my mouth pulled its head in. 

“Not like that you lazy cocksucker,” he said. “No hands. Earn your cum you fag.”

I wasn’t prepared for this, but then again, his cock was between my lips pushing hard to the back of my throat. I gagged and tried to pull back, but he forced it deeper into my throat, keeping his hands on the back of my head.

He kept it up, slowing down once in awhile to allow me to stop gagging, but he continued his rough, forceful face fucking. After a few minutes I started to get the pace and started pushing my face onto his cock. I really started getting into it.

“That’s a good little cock sucker, now you’re getting the hang of it. Keep it up slut. In fact, I want you to slow down just a bit and suck my balls.”

I pulled my face off his cock and licked down to his balls, slowly taking one into my mouth, and carefully licking it and sucking it. 

“That’s perfect slut. I lied about my body and smoking, because I figured I’d scare you away. I am straight but my wife doesn’t look at my cock any more. Sure, we fuck, but I really enjoy having a bitch like you suck me off. I’m glad we hooked up, cause you are a good little cocksucker. Now, be careful with those balls, and lick my ass once in awhile too. I know you like it, you wrote you did you stupid slut.”

I couldn’t tell him that what I like, what I love, is to suck cock. Sucking balls and licking a man’s ass is not my idea of a good time for me. That said, when a man knows what he wants and tells me what he wants, I turn to jelly and do as I’m told, and so I slowly licked below his balls and stuck my tongue into his tight ass.

“That’s it slut, lick my ass hole. You’re good boy! Keep it up.”

I did as I was told and knew he was loving every inch of my tongue going up his ass. Fortunately he was freshly showered, so it didn’t bother me. But the thought that I was here, on my knees with a stranger, licking his balls and ass, d

“Keep it up slut. I get into town at least once a month. You might just be what I’m looking for. You ever consider sucking cock that often boy?”

I nodded my head yes, afraid if I said no he would hit me. I didn’t want to upset this guy.

“Good cock sucker… now, finish me off. You do swallow, don’t you slut?”

This time I shook my head no… I wasn’t going to swallow this jerks cum.

He started pumping my mouth hard again and told me to expect a facial, saying he was going to cum all over my face. He told me he would let me know when he was ready to cum, so I continued sucking. I love sucking a cock, and this was no exception, no matter how scared I was.

“That’s it… Oh yea, you’re a good cocksucker boy. I may just have to tell some of my friends about you. Would you like that boy? I have a lot of friends who come here and stay at this hotel. They might want to use your face too. Interested boy?”

Actually, I was. It made me want his cock more. The thought of sucking some of his friends visiting, as long as they weren’t quite as rude as this guy, excited the hell out of me. So much so I didn’t realize his cock was getting just a bit bigger. He was rubbing the back of my head, and suddenly, he forced my mouth down over his cock and I felt him twitch, once, twice, again and again, as I felt his hot, thick lava filling my mouth. 

I hadn’t expected him to get as excited about me sucking his friends cocks as he did, and I didn’t want to be swallowing his cum, but I did, because he made me, at least that’s what I told myself.

His cum was tangy, salty, disgusting and I swallowed every drop, loving it. 

“Lick it clean slut boy, don’t miss a drop.”

I did as I was told. 

Now, you’ve earned your other drink, go ahead boy, drink it down.

I did, not noticing he had slipped a pill into it. I relished the drink, loving it, as it went to my head, burning my lips on the way down. 

The drug had an immediate effect….. but that’s another story.