 Lauren looked down at Sean in front of her. Against all her will, her eyes welled with tears, as the first slowly ran down her right cheek. Sean's face never showed much emotion, but she could see it in his eyes. His deep, brown eyes were staring back at her, looking into her soul. Sean's short brown hair, brown eyes, and solid, built frame, had always caused Lauren to be strongly attracted to him.

"Yes," Lauren said. Sean's face broke into a huge smile as he moved next to Lauren and the two of them locked lips. It wasn't long before Sean rolled on top of Lauren's thin, beautiful body. It wasn't long before Sean's firm hands unclasped Lauren's bra. It wasn't long before...

***

FOUR MONTHS LATER

Lauren knew Sean was the strong, silent type. This meant she was making most of the wedding decisions. Then again, she had to admit, that's the way she wanted it. But there was one detail she knew Sean would not be up for.

"Honey," Lauren said, sitting down next to Sean on the couch, "I have a wedding question."

Sean knew the drill. He turned off the TV and turned towards Lauren.

"It's about Adam," Lauren started, taking a breath. Sean frowned; he knew Lauren pretty well, and when she took a deep breath it meant she was going to ramble.

"Adam has always been there for me. When we were growing up no matter what was going on we always had each other. When we were real young my dad had that drinking problem, and it's not like he ever hit us, but he was angry a lot. He would yell a lot. And if Adam was the target, then sooner or later he would end up back in his room, crying, and I would be there to comfort him. And when I was the target, he would always be there for me. My mom was too scared to really do anything. Now, obviously she did finally get him to quit, but by that time I was eight, and Adam was seven. We both had already gotten our fair share of yelling. But besides dealing with that..."

Sean just stared; he had heard all of this before. Lauren was almost perfect, but this was a flaw. She always rambled right before she asked for a big favor. He wasn't sure why, maybe it was an attempt to wear him out? But more likely she was nervous that he would say no. 

Sean focused back on Lauren, still talking up a storm. He always thought of the Snickers commercials, "Gonna be here for a while?"

Lauren stopped to take a breath, Sean ended his daydreaming, knowing the question was near.

"It would really mean a lot to me if Adam was in the wedding party," Lauren posed.

"What?" Sean hadn't seen that one coming.

Lauren took a deep breath, "Listen, I know I'm suppose to pick the bride's maids and you're suppose to pick the groomsmen, but he's my only sibling. If you had a sister, I would definitely understand if you wanted her to be a bride's maid. And plus, we need three groomsmen. You have the best man, Mark, and obviously you and Eric are close friends, but you weren't sure about the third one. Adam just fits." Lauren forced a big smile as she took Sean's hand. 

Sean had to say something, "I know you two are close, but come on. If he's in the party then does that mean he has to tag along on the bachelor party too?"

"Yes," Lauren said quietly, "I really want him to feel accepted. I mean you two are going to be brothers. Don't you want to get to know your own brother?"

Sean grimaced, he was losing. How did he always loose? "Come on Lauren, he's not even twenty-one. No place will let us in."

"Yeah, but we agreed to not do anything too crazy," Lauren started, "so I figured you guys could have it at Mark's cabin. You could drink and do whatever." 

Lauren could see the doubt in Sean's eyes. "You know Adam," Lauren added, "he's cool. Whatever you guys did would stay at the cabin. He's not the type to come back and spill, even to his sister."

"Right," Sean knew she was telling the truth, the kid did have a wild streak in him.

"And it would mean so much to me," Lauren continued, gently relaxing her hand on the crotch of Sean's jeans.

Sean smiled, "why not."

***

The gym locker slammed shut as Mark looked at Sean, "Dude, her brother?"

"Yeah, but he's a cool kid," Sean said.

"Who cares," Eric added, putting on his deodorant. 

Sean looked straight ahead into his locker, adding, "He's only twenty."

That stopped Mark and Eric in their tracks.

"Huh?" they both said in unison.

"Dude," Mark stated, getting pissed, "you need to be twenty-one for the strip club."

"Or anywhere that serves alcohol," Eric added, sounding alarmed.

"Right," Sean confirmed looking at Mark, "so I thought that maybe we could go up to your cabin."

"My cabin," Mark was now pissed, "what the fuck man? We can go to my cabin any weekend. This is supposed to be special."

"Well," Sean said sternly, taking a step towards Mark, "it's what we make of it. We could have all the beer we want up there."

Eric knew the drill. Mark was about four inches taller than Sean, but Sean was built thicker. They were standing only a foot or two apart, both just staring at each other. Eric knew that Mark was pissed and Sean had already made up his mind.

"Hey," Eric broke in, "Sean's right, I mean if Adam's cool then we could still hirer a stripper. The cabin would be nicer than a dirty club."

Mark always found it funny that Eric was the mediator in the group. Eric was Russian and built more than the other two, the personality just didn't fit his look. Mark looked over at Eric and turned back to Sean, "Would Adam squeal if we got a stripper?" 

"Nope, he's a cool kid. I have no doubt he's seen strippers before. He is in college."

Mark backed down, "fine." He threw his stuff in his gym bag and got ready to leave, "but this is pathetic. All that crazy shit we used to do in college, and now your bachelor party is reduced to babysitting."

***

SIX MONTHS LATER 

The car hugged the turns along the mountain roads, as the last radio station they could pick up went to static.

Adam turned the radio off, "Hey, thanks for inviting me. I'm sure Mark wasn't happy."

Sean glanced over at Adam in the passenger seat; everyone knew Mark was a little hot under the collar. "He'll deal."

Adam leaned back; Sean wasn't a big talker. Adam had only met his friends a few times, but they seemed like assholes. The three of them were the definition of meat heads. All of them were jocks that obsessed over who could bench more. But Adam didn't mind Sean much; after all he did make his sister happy.

"So," Adam asked, "what's on the agenda for tonight?"

Sean smiled, not looking away from the road, "Beer and a stripper."

"Nice," Adam added, thinking this might be a good night after all.

***

The stripper showed up at about nine. Her black hair matched the black leather outfit she had on.

Sean and Adam sat next to each other in two large chairs, while Mark and Eric sat across from them on the sofa. Candy, the stripper, went by cycled around the circle, giving the guys lap dances one by one. An hour went by and her show came to an end.

"You guys have been such good costumers...I was thinking maybe I could stick around a few more hours," Candy said, licking her lips.

"So you could give us an encore?" Mark said, as his eyes fondled her. 

"How about a whole other show." Candy moved over to the sofa and knelt in-between Mark and Eric; rubbing each of their crotches with a hand. Mark was the first to make a bold move, as he unzipped his fly and pushed his snake out. Eric quickly followed, and within seconds Candy was stroking two hardening cocks. Adam held back his surprise, it was clear both Mark and Eric were well endowed, their cocks had to have been nine inches in length; Eric's was thicker than Mark's. 

"So," Candy started, "who all wants to be in this show?"

Mark was about to speak, but Adam jumped in, "I think it's only fair Sean gets the show...after all he is the one getting hitched."

"I couldn't have said it better myself," Sean said standing up and walking over towards the sofa. Sean extended his hand to Candy and said, "I prefer duets."

"I bet," Candy said, as she grabbed his hand and the two of them headed off to a back bedroom.

Adam watched Sean and Candy disappear and then glanced back at Mark and Eric. Adam was taken off guard at the clearly pissed off looks on their faces.

"Sorry, but you know he is the one getting married and all," Adam said.

"Thanks a lot," Eric said, clearly irritated.

Mark was definitely past irritated, "What is wrong with you?"

Eric stuffed his trouser snake back into its hole, as Mark continued, "I knew you would fuck up this whole thing. We could have been out at a strip club, each with our own girl, but you had to fuck up the entire thing!"

"Calm it down," Eric said softly.

"Fuck you," Mark replied, turning back towards Adam, "And you know what your sister fucked up? Sean, Eric, and I use to mess around every now and then."

"Jesus," Eric blushed.

"I prefer chicks, but it was nice to know I could always count on them for a quickie. But then your sister came around and Sean didn't need us anyone. What the fuck were we suppose to do? Just the two of us can't fool around, that would be gay."

"I think it's gay either way," Adam responded, he had never liked Mark.

"Oh really," Mark said, his half-hard cock still out, "so you've never done anything with a guy?"

Adam paused, no point in lying he thought, "Okay, I have, but I don't anymore."

Mark stood up, his bone bouncing, "But you'll make an exception tonight."

Adam was speechless, as Eric chimed in, "Mark, sit down."

Mark walked over to Adam, pushing his hand down on Adam's shoulder, forcing him into his seat. Mark's cock was lined up with Adam's mouth and only a few inches away.

"Suck it or I'll make you suck it," Mark ordered. Eric stood up and was about to rescue Adam, but he quickly stopped in his tracks. Adam's lips were gliding over Mark's shaft...a good eight inches worth of it.

"Oh fuck!" Mark moaned, surprised at Adam's skill level. Eric watched, as Adam's wet lips slide up and down his friend's hard shaft. Eric quickly pulled out his own cock and stood just inches away from Mark. Adam looked over their equally long cocks, and soon took turns at sucking them. Eric's proved much thicker, forcing Adam to open his jaw as wide as possible simply to engulf it. Eric gently placed his hand on Adam's crotch and slowly rubbed it, as Adam suddenly pulled his mouth away.

"I'm not gay," Adam stated. "So don't rub my dick like I'm a fag...this stuff doesn't get me hard."

Eric quickly removed his hand, as he glanced over at Mark. Mark returned the questionable glance, but then focused back on Adam, "Suck it."

Adam grabbed both cocks with one hand, pressing them together. Then, as best as he could, he gulped down their heads and an inch or so of their hard shafts. Eric and Mark moaned as they kissed, exploring each other's mouth with their tongues.

Eric and Mark slowly undressed, as Adam alternated between sucking and jerking their rockets. First, they took off their shoes, socks, and shirts. Both had muscular chests that were well defined, although Mark was the skinny one of them, with more of a swimmer's body. Next, they took off their pants and boxers, and shoved their cocks back into Adam's warm mouth.

Then, they heard the sounds from Sean's bedroom. It caught Mark's attention first, causing Adam to lay off his cock, as he could tell Mark was distracted. The sound was distinct. Sean was fucking the stripper. 

Mark looked down at Adam, pissed again. "He's getting pussy. That means I better be getting at least man-pussy."

Eric looked down at Adam, anxious to see what his response would be. "Fine, if you promise not to touch my dick."

Mark raised his eyebrows. "What a weirdo," he thought.

"Whatever," Mark responded out loud, as his hand reached down to unbutton Adam's pants. Then, in mid-air Adam grabbed Mark's hand. Mark looked up surprised, more at Adam's grip than anything else.

"Do you promise?" Adam said. Eric watched the situation is disbelief. He silently prayed that Mark would just say "yes."

"Sure, I promise," Mark answered, wanting some ass. "But we're doing this my way."

Mark led Adam back to a bedroom in the back of the cabin, as Eric followed. As they entered the room, Mark whispered something to Eric, who quickly headed back to the front of the cabin. 

"Strip," Mark ordered Adam. Adam removed his clothing, revealing his toned chest and plump nipples. Then Adam pulled off his pants and briefs to expose his mostly-limp six-inch bone. 

"Lay down," Mark ordered, as Eric came back into the room, holding rope.

Adam had just laid down in the center of the bed when he saw Eric. "What?" he questioned.

"I'm going to tie you up," Mark informed, "and you're going to let me. Don't worry; I won't break your precious promise."

"Fine," Adam responded. 

Eric bounded Adam's legs to the lower bed posts, as Mark bounded his arms to the upper ones. The rope was loose enough that Adam's legs and arms could lay flat against the bed. 

Within seconds, Eric was leaning over Adam's face, slowly pushing his cock down his throat. Mark stood up on the bed, positioning himself in front of Eric. Eric took the bait, gulping down his friend's hard-on. It only took a few minutes for both dicks to be rock hard.

Mark moved from the top of the bed to the middle, where he knelt down in between Adam's open legs. He rubbed a handful of lube over his cock, as he lined his nine inches up with Adam's pink hole. 

"MMMPH," Adam moaned, with Eric's dick in his mouth, as Mark shoved his cockhead past Adam's anus. Mark watched as Adam's dick jumped at the sensation. Watching Adam's snake harden on his stomach, gave Mark the boldness to lean over Adam, shoving his cock deep inside.

Adam moaned, or tired to, as Mark slowly fucked his ass, while Eric fucked his face. Mark wanted to grab Adam's dick, as he pushed his cock in and out of Adam, but he remembered his promise. 

Instead, he focused his attention on Eric. Eric jumped, forcing his cock deeper down Adam's throat, as he felt a hand slap his ass. "Fuck that mouth," Mark demanded.

Eric glanced back at Mark. "Wow," he thought to himself. He was surprised at how hot it was to see his friend slamming his cock in and out. "Oh yeah," Eric responded, "ram that ass!"

Mark didn't hesitate, as he slapped his cock in and out of Adam's ass, forcing his nuts to smack against Adam. 

Adam moaned as he felt Mark's cock throbbing deep inside of him. He could feel it wanting to explode. Mark's thrusts became harder and less frequent. His breathing became heavy.

"Fuck," Mark announced, "I'm gonna blow all over him!"

To Adam's relief, Eric whipped his cock out of his mouth, right as Mark withdrew from his ass. Eric turned to watch, as Mark grabbed his cock and furiously began stroking. 

Mark got on his knees, so that his cock was directly over Adam's semi-hard boner. Adam watched, as Mark moaned, his muscles tightening.

"FUCK, YEAH!" Mark yelled, as he sprayed Adam's chest with his load. Mark's cum streaked over Adam's nipples, and formed a puddle on his stomach.

"Ahhh," Mark moaned, with sweat rolling down his chest. "That was great," Mark mumbled, as he got up and left the other two alone. 

"My turn," Eric stated, as he moved in between Adam's legs. Adam grimaced as he observed the thickness of Eric's meat.

Adam almost said something, but it was replaced by a loud moan.

"OHHHHH," Adam yelled, as Eric pounded his cock into Adam's tight ass. 

"Yeah, take my big cock," Eric whispered, as he fucked Adam. "Your tight ass feels so good. Do you like my cock in your ass?"

"Yeah," Adam started to whisper, but came out in more of a grunt. Eric's cock shot constant waves of pain and pleasure up his body. "Fuck it," he begged.

Eric plowed his cock up Adam's ass, splitting his cheeks to what seemed to be a mile apart. "You're so tight," Eric described, "you want me to blow my hot load?"

"Yeah," Adam responded, watching Eric, wanting to see the show.

Eric withdrew and moved up so his cock was above Adam's stomach. "FUCK!" Eric yelled, as his cum came squirting out. His first streak hit Adam's neck, and the rest mixed with Mark's sperm on his chest. 

"Fuck, that was good," Eric said, as he squeezed the last of his cum onto Adam. "I'm going to get cleaned up; I'll tell Mark to bring you a towel."

Eric left the room. Adam went to clean himself off, as he felt the tight rope against his wrist. "Damn," he thought to himself, realizing he was still tied up. Adam look over his now stiffening cock and at the cum covering his chest.

"Hey," Mark said, entering the room.

"Thanks," Adam responded, as Mark wiped up the cum with a blue shower towel. Adam watched Mark, who was wearing just a pair of boxers, clean his chest and throw the towel to the side.

"Thanks for a great fuck," Mark acknowledged. Mark placed his hand on Adam's thigh.

"Don't," Adam stopped.

"What?" Mark responded.

"I told you," Adam repeated, "I'm not gay. I don't get off with guys."

"You're fucking hard!" Mark said in disbelief.

"Anyone would be, after what you two did."

"Unbelievable," Mark said, as he got up and headed towards the door.

"Hey," Adam shouted, "untie me."

Mark turned back just long enough to say, "Fuck you." Then, he shut the door behind him.

For a while, Adam struggled with the ropes, but after a little he realized it was useless. Soon, he fell into a deep, horny sleep. 

***

Adam awoke, to the faint sound of Eric and Mark saying goodbye to Sean. Adam listened to the sound of the cabin door shutting. Adam looked down at himself to see his morning woody. His cock was a solid six inches with a decent thickness to it. Adam knew it would be embarrassing for Sean to find him like this, but at least he knew Sean wouldn't leave without him.

Soon, Adam's thoughts were interrupted by the opening door. Sean stepped in, wearing just a towel. His hair was wet, and drops of water gently rolled down his thick chest. 

"Hey," Adam said, about to explain.

"No need to explain," Sean said calmly, "Eric told me."

"The stripper was great," Sean started, "that's one thing I've always wanted to do before I got married."

Adam listened, as Sean continued, "I was thinking about it. There is actually only one more thing I've ever been curious about. I mean, Mark and Eric and I use to fool around a little, but come on. We were friends, there were boundaries."

Adam watched in shock as Sean moved towards him, grabbing a bottle of lube from the floor. Sean squirted the lube in his hand as he continued.

"Sex with Lauren...your sister, is great, don't get me wrong," Sean continued. Sean slowly ran his lube-coated hand up and down Adam's hard dick, as Adam gasped. "She gives the best head, and what a great pussy, not to mention she lets me in the backdoor."

"But," Sean explained, as he dropped his towel, showing Adam his already stiff seven inch cock, "I've always wondered what it would feel like...to have a cock up my ass."

"I'm not gay," Adam protested, meekly, as Sean jumped up on the bed, squatting over Adam, while facing him.

"Guys don't get me off," Adam said, without much conviction. 

"Ohhhhh," Sean moaned, as he slowly sat down on Adam's head. "Fuck," Sean grunted, "fuck!"

"OH!" Adam let out, as he felt Sean's anus slid down his cock. Sean leaned back, putting his hands against the bed, as he pumped his plump ass up and down Adam's cock.

Adam couldn't decide what was hotter, the sensation his of cock in Sean's tight ass, or the visual, of meathead Sean bouncing up and down on him. Adam knew he couldn't take much more, his cock already full from the night before.

Sean's tight ass slowly rode Adam, sliding up and down. Sean sat all the way down, until his ass was grinding into Adam's pubs, before sliding back up.
