 The glasses clanged as everyone in the party began to cheer for the couple. Mike and Kyle were together since college and now were beginning to take that big step in to marriage once and for all.

They were two men that could not be more different in pairing. Mike was more of a thinner and regal man who preferred business attire, while Mike was often rugged with a bald head, a soft goatee, and very muscular.

Mike always jokingly told me that's what attracted him to Kyle originally. Though I only really saw Kyle's bare arms and legs during basketball, Mike always hinted at his body.

One time I overheard him going on and on about Kyle's tattoos and body, which my wife Melissa always laughed about. But Mike always seemed frustrated about their relationship, and it was something only Melissa knew about.

That day we entered in to yet another of the many rehearsal meals, one of which was the celebratory Wedding brunch where Mike made sure to dress Kyle very formal, which Kyle endured with a smile. He loved him, regardless of their opposite styles.

That morning was spent with a lot of laughs, and a lot of food, and I stuck by my wife Melissa who made a habit of following Mike around to help him with the wedding plans while Kyle often went off on his own and would come back to the table with a worn expression on his face.

That afternoon Melissa and Mike ran around like chicken's with their heads off, so I asked to use their phone. The quietest location was in their bedroom upstairs away from a lot of the noise downstairs, which allowed me to have a long talk with my secretary about my latest dealing at my firm.

After thirty minutes on the phone, I didn't realize anyone was in the bathroom until I heard a loud gargling. I hung up and turned to see Kyle coming out of the bathroom with a smile.

"You look exhausted," I noted.

"Mike is too busy with the preparations to sleep, and I can't sleep because of it. He didn't even notice my bathroom breaks," he chortled.

"Yeah," I smiled looking down at my phone, "I notice it's your twelfth visit in three hours."

"I'll live," he chuckled turning to the door.

"Are you okay?" I asked walking over to him.

"Yeah, I just have cold feet."

"I had that, too," I replied, "I know how it is."

"It's different with two guys," he replied smiling, "Men and women know where they stand."

"Okay," I smiled patting his shoulder, "You'll be fine, Mike is a great guy."

"Yeah he is, he really is," Kyle sighed, "It's just, he's demanding more than you think."

"Demanding... as in...?"

"Do you want to hear this?" he laughed.

"No, I mean I'm your friend, you can tell me things without being graphic," I laughed.

"Well, he loves to play the more submissive role in every part of the relationship. Outdoors and in the bedroom. Sometimes I... sometimes I want to be the one who is on bottom."

"Okay," I nodded uncomfortably.

"I'm sorry," he scratched his head sighing, "It's just he expects me to be the strong dominant male, and I just want to be one who is held and given pleasure."

"You?" I asked.

"Yeah, why?" he chuckled.

"I don't know, you don't look like that type, I'll admit."

"I knew you noticed me," he smiled patting my arm slightly, "It's not like with Melissa. You take care of her and take control. I love that."

I gave a smile looking away.

"I wish that were me."

We met eyes for what felt like an eternity, and before I could even blink Kyle leaned forward kissing me deeply. I pulled back at first struggling to speak but then leaned in and we passionately kissed. He wrapped his arms arms around my shoulder as I held his lower back bringing him closer and before long we were engaged in a deep passionate make out session.

Our deep kisses turned in to passionate moans between us and he slipped off my shirt dropping it to the floor. As I unbuckled my pants, he took his shirt off and I was shocked. He had an amazing body and a great figure. It stunned me because not only was Mike right for following Kyle around like a hungry dog, but I was stunned that I was immensely turned on.

Kyle grabbed my head gently kissing me deeply running his hands fingers through my short brown hair and pulled his pants down showing his long hard shaved cock that popped out once he dropped trou. Shedding his pants, he reached in to my underwear stroking me passionately as I grunted, submitting to his hold as I kissed his neck and chest squeezing his butt.

I slid off my pants, and pushed Kyle down on to the bed with a gaze as he smiled. It seemed to excite him being the submissive and before I could crawl over to him he was already devouring my cock with his mouth sliding it in and out with skill.

My legs weakened partly from anxiety of being discovered but mostly from the sheer amazing sensation Kyle gave me. I lay along the bed on my back enjoying the blow job with soft moans. Kyle lay on his side digging in to my cock and balls, licking and sucking them and it was unlike anything I've ever had. Not even Melissa in her most aroused could give oral like this. I lay still moaning in pleasure as Kyle sucked with precision. All I could do was lie back rubbing his plump ass and admiring his tattoos and rippled body. I was fit, but nothing like him.

"God you have an amazing ass," I whispered between moans.

He kissed my stomach and chest as I rubbed his body and he quickly mounted me sliding my cock in to his ass with ease as he groaned closing his eyes. I grasped his waist with both hands and felt the rhythm as Kyle rode me slowly and steadily, and quickened the humps as I groaned. I gasped pushing him off hearing a noise.

Kyle pulled me to him kissing me, "It's okay, no one can hear us up here," he assured me as he folded in to one another kissing and making out as we felt our bodies and cocks rub against one another. Kyle loved submissive, almost making light moans as I cradled his lower back and kissed him aggressively. Kyle turned panting and faced against the pillow as he puffed his large butt up and I slid in to him from behind pumping as he groaned in pleasure.

"God your ass," I marveled pounding him.

"--so fucking good--!" he panted taking the humps. I grasped his shoulders pounding him harder and harder as he moaned in an almost feminine groan with every pump and I rode him more and more until finally releasing in to him. He was right. I unloaded in to him with a loud grunt kissing his shoulder passionately as he turned taking the last of my cum along his stomach releasing on to me with a quick rub of his cock. We moaned in tandem kissing and folding in to one another.

We were in his room for four hours releasing our aggression and no one was the wiser downstairs. Later we appeared fully clothed and much more at ease with one another, and Kyle now knew who he could be himself with. He still loved Mike, but when he wanted to be taken care of, we met up quite often to take the edge off.

A few days later during the wedding reception, Kyle and I had an hour long session in the reserved limo and returned to the party before anyone even noticed. I guess Mike's self-involvement was an advantage after all.