 Web Ch. 03: Ruben & Alberto

"Ruben! Me voy de compras para la sala!"

The 20 year old Ecuadorian looked down from the roof of his home to see his mother on the driveway beside her car, shading her eyes from the sun.

"Okay, mama," he waved.

The plump woman waved back and entered her car, off to do her shopping. The Cisneros house was going through some remodeling projects. Ruben's mother was off shopping for living room furniture, leaving Ruben alone in the hot sun to do the shingling. Ruben's little sister was off at the mall with her friends, the chonga is probably off whoring herself, and with his father having up and gone way back when he was a kid, there was nobody left in the house.

Ruben stretched and, almost reluctantly, picked up his hammer, continuing his work.

As he hammered, his thoughts wandered back to that hot fuck in the apartment. He had never even learned his name. All he knew was that he was a rough, sexy, muscley man with a slick wet lashing tongue in apartment 117. And he was definitely headed back soon.

Unfortunately, between work and his mother's incessant badgering to help with these home improvement projects, there just wasn't any time for him to show up there for another go.

He'd never been fucked like that before. Although really, he'd almost never been fucked. The only time he'd been fucked was with another virgin, and that was just an unpleasant mess. He wanted someone more experienced, someone who knew what they were doing so that it would make him feel excited over liking guys. The tenant in apartment 117 fit that description.

He was a bit rough though. I don't think he'd be the relationship type. 

But I sure could use a fuckbuddy. 

Just as he finished that thought, Ruben heard a sliding glass door open and shut. Footsteps crunched their way around grass. Ruben glanced over the ledge, searching for the source as he hammered automatically, finding it in the backyard behind his house. Alberto, the 5'11'' hunk of a neighbor, setting white plastic lawn chairs around the grass one by one, in his black wifebeater, khaki shorts, and white sneakers. 

The guy was eye candy. Ruben used to spend time looking out the window hoping to catch Alberto changing in his house, but he'd always have his blinds shut. What he wouldn't give to see him naked. He looked like a thug bodyguard, even though he worked at a car dealership. The Latino's large biceps were showcased, and the top of those luscious rock hard pecs visible in the arc of the wifebeater, bulging underneath the fabric. His head was shaved down to a close-to-bald fade, and his facial hair, a clean-cut but stubbly prominent beard/goatee combo, was accented further by his somewhat thick black eyebrows. 

Ruben watched as Alberto continued unstacking the plastic chairs, his bulky arms stretching with each lift. How was it that they'd never talked? Probably because Ruben had never built up the courage to, and Alberto was living life without noticing the lusting commotion in Ruben's mind and the uprising in Ruben's pants just by strolling by.

Today, Ruben was home alone. And apparently so was he.

Swallowing nervously, he peered into the hunk's lawn. "Hi," he cracked.

Alberto looked up at Ruben, lifting his hand up to shade his eyes from the sun. "Hey neighbor," he greeted, overly enthusiastic. "Been working long?"

Ruben blinked, wondering what if that was a come on. But studying Alberto's expression, he was just making small talk. "Uh, yeah. Yeah. I've been shingling -- I mean, I've been doing the shingles."

Alberto chuckled, shaking his head and continuing his layout of chairs.

"What are you up to?" Ruben croaked.

"Just setting up for my cousin's cumpleaZos tonight."

"Want help setting up balloons?" he offered.

Alberto snorted, headed back into the house. "Nah, we don't do balloons. But thank you though."

The hunk disappeared back into the house. Ruben studied the doorway carefully, waiting to see it shut closed, but Alberto soon emerged carrying a bag of ice in one hand and dragging a cooler in the other. Noticing Ruben staring at him, Alberto set down the items.

"Actually, I could use some help with these," he proposed. "You busy?"

Ruben quickly put his hammer down. "No! Not at all!"

Stepping down the ladder, he walked toward the wooden fence separating the two houses, finding footing to clumsily haul himself over. Ruben's stumble caused Alberto to reach out, stopping him from falling forward onto his face with his arm.

"Ooh, careful buddy." He patted Ruben on the back with some soft whops. Fuck, his arms feel like boulders.

Alberto nodded his head toward the house. "Come on, the rest of the stuff is inside." Just as he was about to walk, he turned back. "What's your name again?"

"Ruben."

"Alberto," he replied, extending his hand and giving Ruben's a firm, friendly squeeze.

Ruben followed him across the lawn, staring at Alberto's butt. Prominent, spherical, and hard. Walking into the house, a simplistic bachelor pad kind of place, he led Ruben to the front door where a large stack of about fifteen ice bags stood amidst four coolers.

"Geez, big party?"

"No, just modest," he replied, grinning. "You'd know when I had a big party."

They got to work. After lugging all of it outside and a few of the ice bags into Alberto's fridge, Alberto reached in and pulled out two cold beers.

"Want one?" he offered. Ruben nodded and Alberto tossed the bottle into his perfect catch.

"Nice," he complimented, popping open his beer and immediately swigging. He let out a refreshed exhale and relaxed his elbows onto the kitchenette bar, looking over to Ruben, who sat on a barstool. He inhaled, his stare was intense. Probing. Ruben's back tensed, waiting for a question related to dropping his shorts. 

"So where do you go to school, Ruben?"

Ruben, left with less than what he'd hoped, relaxed his shoulders into a near slump. "I don't."

"Really? Why?"

"School's not for me, I guess."

"Why wouldn't school be for you? You look smart."

"I'm not." Ruben nonchalantly drank from his bottle.

"So then what do you do?" Alberto asked.

"Nothing really. I'm a building painter."

"Oh. How old are you?"

"Twenty."

"Oh no." Alberto faked a gasp. "I can't give alcohol to a minor!" 

He playfully snatched at Ruben, who dodged backward while sucking down the bottle's contents. Laughing, Alberto rushed around the kitchenette toward Ruben trying to take the bottle. In the scuffle, the beer suddenly sprang up onto Ruben's shirt. The two cackled.

"Oh man, I am so sorry about that," Alberto laughed.

"No, that's okay." Ruben pulled off his gray t-shirt and turned to face Alberto. "I'm fine."

"Heh," Alberto snickered, eyeballing Ruben's lean upper body. "You should go to the gym more. You've already got a good start on you."

Ruben nodded, gesturing at Alberto's body. "I'd want to look like you. But it's just easier to look at you instead."

Alberto broke out into a warm laugh, smacking his hands together. "I like getting looked at," he sniggered, bouncing his pecs underneath the black wifebeater.

"Nice," Ruben cooed, grabbing the chest in one hand. "How much do you have to bench to get that?"

"Double your weight." Before Ruben could even react, Alberto grabbed Ruben's crotch, and just as suddenly Ruben was lifted up into the air, high above Alberto's shoulders. Ruben cackled and flailed wildly, almost off-balance though Alberto's grip was steady. Ruben felt his cock stiffening in Alberto's hand; the simple touch of his palm on his bare chest with the fact that he was a barbell for the hunk excited him.

Alberto set Ruben down, and though Ruben was about to step back, his hand didn't leave Ruben's crotch. It was massaging it.

"Excited?" he asked the boy, raising his brow deviously as he rubbed Ruben's hard-on. "Nice muscle you got here." Alberto flashed a smile, then turned his focus back to Ruben's bone.

Ruben reciprocated, reaching under Alberto's shirt, running his fingers over his muscled torso. The two Latinos gazed into each other's eyes as they groped. Alberto lifted up his arms, letting Ruben remove the sleeveless shirt, baring his powerhouse physique. Just as Ruben tossed the shirt aside, Alberto leaned in and planted a strong, salivated kiss. The kiss was velvet smooth from Alberto's full wet lips. In contrast, his stubbled beard sandpapred Ruben's chin, a reminder of the man he was kissing. True perfection.

Alberto pulled back, gazing into Ruben's eyes as he unbuckled his belt. Ruben followed, the two kicking away their shoes and bending forward as they lowered their pants and stepped out of them, their hard cocks flopping between their legs.

Ruben's eyes widened at Alberto's cock, a straight eight inches and thick as a doorknob. His erection retracted his foreskin, as though he was cut. His nuts were altogether the size of a baseball, perfectly rounded in its hairless sack.

Alberto had the same reaction to Ruben's curved dick, same length but not as thick as Alberto's. Perhaps what had caught Alberto's attention was the foreskin partially draped over the head of his cock, or the balls that hung well below his dick, each testicle perfectly visible through the fleshy ball sack. They jerked up near his cock repeatedly in his excitement. Ruben grabbed his dick by the base and shook it toward Alberto, who stepped forward and met his cock with his own.

Alberto reached down and grabbed the two dicks together, rubbing them against each other as Ruben erotically moved his hips back and forth toward his hands, his foreskin pushing up over his cockhead and pulling back. Alberto, watching the cocks move together, held Ruben's in place and pulled his foreskin forth, letting him put a finger underneath it. He rubbed his finger inside, intensifying Ruben's breathing. Removing the finger, he positioned the two cockheads together and pulled the foreskin forward again, this time with much more exertion. The skin slowly formed its way over the tip of Alberto's prick. His thick cock made it difficult to be encompassed completely, but he managed to get it just past his head. Alberto slowly fucked Ruben's tight foreskin, and they both watched the bulge underneath grow and shrink with each push.

Ruben took control of the cocks, putting them side by side again. He worked up a glob of spit and sent it down with a splat, masturbating the hot saliva over the two dicks.

Alberto turned, guiding Ruben to the living room's white leather sofa. Alberto positioned him in front of the couch, and with a little shove he sat Ruben down. Alberto mounted himself onto the sofa, bracing himself on the wall behind it to hover his beercan cock in front of Ruben's mouth.

Ruben gladly obliged.

Letting Alberto's cock push past his lips, Ruben groped around the thuggish Latino's muscular butt. A smooth, round, prominent, and hard butt. Ruben suckled on Alberto's dick, quick in his sucking as he gradually progressed further and further down the shaft. He let Alberto's prick pop out of his mouth and onto his face, angling it so he could suck from the underside, head to balls. Head to balls. Back up to the head and encircling the cock again and moving down, doing his best to take the thick cock as far back into his throat as possible.

"Asi es papi..." Alberto moaned from above, "chupame el rabo. Chupamelo."

Ruben felt the muscleman's hand clamping the back of his head, forcing his mouth to take it further down his throat. His shaved balls slapped against his chin and slapped against his chin again. His face was getting furiously pumped into Alberto's waist. The suckling noises emerged louder and involuntarily; the saliva was forced up Ruben's throat to relieve the pounding. He was gagging, and he was fucking loving it.

Alberto's hand freed from the back of Ruben's scalp, freeing him. He emerged quickly from his dick, gasping like a boy who'd been underwater for too long. Thick strands of saliva connected the cock to his lips, some giving way and dripping onto Ruben's chest. His lips lunged forward, taking up all of the spittle with them and back into his slick, wet blowjob.

Pulling back, Alberto dismounted the sofa and back onto the living room floor. Ruben watched him intently, waiting to see what he wanted. To his surprise, he got on his knees, staring at Ruben's cock resting on the sofa between his parted legs, laid out like a dinner plate. He reached for it, wrapping his hand around Ruben's long uncut dong and jacking it. Ruben sank into the sofa, enjoying the handjob as Alberto's face got closer. 

His tongue smeared itself on the underside of Ruben's dick, licking like the lollipop of life. His cock was sandwiched between his body and Alberto's nuzzling face. Grunting groans emitted from the muscleman's mouth as he suckled at half of his dick's circumference, sliding his lips back and forth. Alberto grabbed the base of his dick and pushed up his foreskin. Ruben's eyes rolled back as his tongue squeezed between head and skin, lapping it around inside.

Suddenly his lips engorged the cockhead, sucking it repeatedly in quick pops. Ruben's hands traveled over Alberto's short-haired head as it began to rise and fall, taking the member further into his mouth. Alberto's blowjob was very audible, every wet, salivated suck gave as much pleasure to his ears as it did to his cock. Ruben pursed his lips, oohing at the work of Alberto's tongue swirling over the head of his dick like ice cream. The hunk lifted his fingers up to Ruben's lips, and he took them into his mouth, gagging his oohs and ahhs as he suckled on them.

Alberto's other arm dug its way between the sofa cushion and Ruben's buttock. He felt himself getting lifted up slightly, and when the fingers he was sucking on traveled down over his asshole, the two Latinos grinned mischievously at each other. Ruben sank himself lower in the sofa to lift his legs onto the beefcake's shoulders and still have his arse available.

A sudden glob of spit smacked onto his quivering hole. The salivated fingers smeared the saliva around Ruben's bud and slowly worked their way into his sphincter. Ruben gasped in pleasure, moaning as the lone finger was slowly followed by a second. They pushed in and out, opening up for Alberto's rock hard beer can cock.

Alberto stood up, Ruben's legs getting lifted into the air in the process. Alberto squatted slightly to manage pressing his dick against Ruben's wet chute. Ruben felt the thick cockhead massage the entrance of his ass. It began pressing into him, wanting to get in. Ruben relaxed, letting it do so. The pain was slight, but it was nothing like he'd ever had in his asshole before. The fucking was slow at first, letting him get adjusted to the sheer thickness of his cock. Then he started pumping in long strokes, rhythmically, until he gave one sudden pound into him that hit Ruben's hilt and made him gasp. The boy was ready.

The fucking gradually got fiercer, and soon Ruben's legs were pushed down on by the brute's body, putting him at an angle where the fucking was all his control. Alberto was ramming away at his ass, grunting hard. For Ruben, he was moaning in sheer enjoyment. The pain had subsided into pleasurably ferocious pounds. The Latinos had their faces inches apart, he felt specks of Alberto's saliva dripping onto his face with his caveman growling. Their eye contact remained focused, and the fucking sped up to a fast thwack thwack thwack that made Ruben moan and roll his eyes back. Alberto lifted himself upright and grabbed onto Ruben's ankles and continued to fuck away, grinding his hips into him. 

It pulled out, and soon Alberto's cock was bobbing over his balls. He leaned forward, and his pair of sweaty muscular arms wrapped underneath Ruben and pulled him up, forcing him on his feet. They stood in front of each other, arms and hands encircling each other's bodies. Ruben stared up into Alberto's eyes. Alberto's hand traveled behind Ruben's head. He leaned forward, kissing his lips, tongue probing inside Ruben's mouth until his senses came back in time to reciprocate. They broke their kiss, and as they stared into each other, Alberto squatted down and sat on his coffee table, leaning back to lie on it. He pointed his fat cock upward, inviting Ruben with a raise of the eyebrows and a wide smile.

Ruben gladly obliged.

Climbing onto the coffee table, the young Latino jock lowered himself onto the muscleman. Once he felt his hole getting prodded by the tip of his fat dick, he squatted down and let it slide into his already accustomed rectum. Ruben bounced himself up and down, watching Alberto's joyful expressions of pleasure. Alberto's hands moved for his head to rest on, exhibiting to Ruben his triceps and short-haired armpits.

"Milk my cock, maricón," the hunk grunted. Ruben rode him as fast as he could, a smooth rhythmic rise and fall for his cock to force into him as deep as he wanted. And he wanted it deep. Ruben's hole clamped onto the man's dick, making sure they could both feel every movement inside of his asshole. His own cock was still stiff, slapping against Alberto's stomach. Ruben felt sweat drip from his hair onto Alberto's abs, and only then did he notice how drenched in sweat they both were. He planted his hands onto Alberto's mountainous chest and rode, loving the feeling of everything he was taking in. He felt a surge rising, and with a sudden hit of the hunk's cock on his prostate, he felt it rise in his own dick. He let go of his chest, arching his back and exclaiming "Oh SHIT!" 

Cum flew into the air and landed on Alberto's chest. The second load shot out further, smacking onto Alberto's chin. The muscled Latino gasped in pleasure, laughing as he watched more and more hot loads eject from the young jock's cock and onto his body, drenching him. With the last of his heavy loads, Alberto was sent into a long grunting groan as Ruben's cock dripped the rest. He suddenly felt it: a warm jet of jizz shooting into his rectum. Ruben gasped, the bareback fucker came and came, sending ropes of cream into his ass. He milked the fat cock with his hole, pulling every ounce he could into his cumbucket. 

Alberto's head fell back, breathing heavily and recuperating from the orgasm. Ruben's hands smeared his cum around the muscled torso, making Alberto laboriously lift his head up and stare at him. Ruben smiled and toppled on top of Alberto, and at such the two laughed, having fully enjoyed their hot afternoon together.

As for the roof, it didn't get finished that day. But Ruben was happy to work an extra afternoon for having taken a very productive break.