 When Dave got the invite to his cousin's wedding, he wasn't really sure whether to go or not. He got on well enough with Amy, but hadn't seen her in a while, and so was mildly surprised with the invite.

He'd accepted in the end, thinking it would be good to meet up with the family again, and who knew, there may be some hot single guys from the groom's side he could hit on. Dave was nearly 6-foot-tall, blonde hair down to his neck, sparkling blue eyes which all his lovers had told him were his best feature, and a well-built body. Not body builder type, but a body without much fat, muscular curves in all the right places, and a tight ass which was also the envy of his other gay friends.

So he'd sent off the R.S.V.P, and that was why he was now changing into his suit at the wedding venue, having booked a room to stay over as it was taking place too far away from home to get back in one night. Plus, if he got lucky then he had somewhere to go back to.

Checking himself in the mirror, straightening his purple tie over the salmon pink shirt, maybe just a little tight as it played across his broad chest, he adjusted his hair until it was just right, casually flipped to one side, and turned to the door, picking up his grey suit jacket and slipping it on. 

Locking his door, he headed downstairs and following the signs headed to the function room where the ceremony was being held. It wasn't long before the start and there were quite a few people already there.

Exchanging small talk and catch ups with his closer family, he took the proffered order of service from one of the groomsmen, idly checking him out without being too obvious. Blue was the theme for the day, the man's royal blue tie partly covered by a silver waistcoat and dark suit jacket. Cute, he thought, as he headed towards a free seat on the bride's side, but that thought soon went out of his mind as he sat down and looked to the front. He'd never actually met Amy's future husband, Mark before, so when he turned around, looking down the aisle as if to check where she was, Dave's breath caught in his throat.

He's gorgeous, was his first thought, as he studied the deeply tanned face. Short brown hair, neatly styled topped his head, beneath which, dark brown eyes peered out across the room, and Dave felt like you could dive straight into them. Mark's tall figure was a good few inches taller than his best man beside him, and his figure filled out his suit perfectly, the contours of his body fitting perfectly to the lines of the suit, giving an appearance of effortless grace.

As if sensing the appraisal, he looked over at Dave and smiled a polite greeting. Feeling guilty at so obviously checking the groom out, Dave nodded back and buried his head into the order of service. But it wasn't long until his gaze was drawn back to Mark, no chatting to his best man. His bright white teeth almost flashed from his mouth, a laugh escaping his perfectly formed lips. 

Well that's just typical, Dave thought, the hottest guy here and the only one I know I won't have a chance with. Settling back into his seat, he zoned out of the chatter around him, losing himself in a daydream, picturing what it would be like to be with that man, run his hands across his chest, kiss those full red lips, and more. Almost immediately he felt himself get hard, and with an effort broke the daydream before anyone noticed the tent that was appearing in his pants.

Suddenly, music started playing, and everyone looked back down the aisle to where Amy had appeared. She looked beautiful in her dress, but Dave couldn't feel anything but mild envy as she walked past him, at what she'd be getting tonight and who with. The ceremony was over, and the wedding party was now in full swing. The speeches had been made, much toasting had been done, both bride and groom having many drinks, an endless supply of well wishers bringing them glass after glass.

"thanks for coming!" Amy slurred to Dave, stumbling into him as she took a break from dancing, "I'm so glad you came, I hope you're having a good time" she added, clearly struggling to stand straight.

"I am," Dave replied, slightly merry but certainly not as bad as Amy, "And you clearly are enjoying it as well!" He added.

"I am," she said seriously, "I'm so happy and lucky to have found someone like Mark. I want you to find someone like Mark as well." she added drunkenly, "Have you seen anyone you like?" she said, Mark being gay was no secret to the family. "Maybe," he replied, smiling sadly.

"Then go get him," she said, pushing him in a random direction as if the mystery man was there.

"Not as simple as that," he replied, "But don't worry about me, you get back onto the dance floor, you're wanted," he said, as female members of the family were waving her over.

"If you like him, you should go for it, hang the consequences," she said as parting words, heading back to the dance floor.

"If only!" he said quietly to himself, heading to the bar for another drink.

The party was winding down when Dave decided to call it a night. He'd had no luck with picking up any interest from the guys at the party, and so headed up to his room to crash. He took off his jacket and tie, and headed to the bathroom.

But when he flicked the light switch, it wasn't working, so grumbling to himself, he decided to head to reception to get someone to check it out. Grabbing the key fob he opened the door and headed turned towards the lifts. He hadn't got very far when round the corner he spotted Mark, practically carrying Amy along, the drink had finally got the better of her.

"Better get her to bed!" Mark said his voice like honey to Dave, yet sounding a little sad.

"Hi Dave!" Amy said, lifting her head briefly "Remember what I said, go get that guy if you want him," before slumping forward once more.

"Want a hand?" Dave said, jumping at the chance to spend some time with his latest fantasy.

"Sure, two is better than one," Mark said, before stumbling a little "Seems like I'm not totally in control of myself either!" he smiled. "It's only here", he added pointing to a door on the left as the two of them carried the now unconscious Amy down towards the bridal suite.

Mark opened the door and between them they managed to lay Amy down on the bed, her soft snores making it clear she had passed out.

"Not quite how you expected the wedding night to be?" Dave asked wryly.

"Not really!" Mark laughed back.

At this point, Dave decided to take a risk. What was it Amy herself had said if you want him, go get him? Well nothing ventured nothing gained.

"Fancy a quick nightcap?" He asked, "There are a couple of beers in the minibar in my room if you like?"

To his delight, Mark replied yes, and they retreated back down the hall to Dave's room. Opening the door and then allowing Mark to squeeze past him, Dave breathed in the smell as he passed. The expensive cologne had started to wear off and was mixed with the smell of sweat and masculinity.

He headed to the min bar and opened the two beers and passed one to Mark.

They both took a swallow their beers and then lapsed into silence.

"So instead of being in a room with your wife on your wedding night, you're now in the room of a strange man!" Dave laughed, gazing at the other man over his bottle. 

Gone was the jacket he'd looked so smart in earlier, his tie was hanging loosely round his neck, his waistcoat as undone, and he white shirt was stained with sweat under the arms. Yet he still looked gorgeous to Dave and he vowed to have him.

"Yeh, so it would seem!" Mark laughed back at him, a tinge of sadness emanating from his voice.

"What's up?" Dave responded.

"Nothing, don't worry, ignore me."

"No, this is your wedding day, if you're not happy then something must be wrong?" Dave said

"Nothing wrong really, it's just, even now, I find myself doubting I've done the right thing."

"She's a great girl!" Dave said, as much to answer as anything else.

"She is, but, it's just, sometimes she does things like tonight, getting so drunk she won't remember anything, and I'm left alone.." he sighed.

At this Dave but his drink down and slowly stepped forward until he was standing directly in front of Mark, placed one hand gentle on his chest and looked deep into his dark eyes.

"What are you doing?" Mark said slowly, making no effort to remove the hand.

"Giving you a wedding night." Dave answered, and closed the distance between their lips.

Gently he kissed the other man giving him time to pull away if he wanted, but his suspicions were right and Mark was in need of affection, even from another man.

Gently his lips caressed the others, and he reached his tongue out, running it along the silky skin of the closed lips, probing for an opening. Wrapping his hands around he pulled Mark in closer, causing him to moan slightly in their kiss.

Taking his chance, he darted his tongue into the other man's mouth, and ran it along the perfectly straight teeth. At this, Mark moaned again and almost angrily pulled Dave closer to him and fully opened his mouth, his own tongue now exploring Dave's mouth. Hungrily they devoured each other, the tongues gliding over each other, in and out, swirling around. Dave could taste the beer on the other man, as he moved one hand from around the back, and undid a button on the shirt, and slipped his hand inside.

Palm flat, he caressed the slightly hairy chest, reaching over to one nipple and gentle rubbing it between his thumb and finger, feeling it harden as it did. Pulling back slightly, but still maintaining the intensity of the kiss, he reached his other hand in and moved to the other nipple.

After a minute he pulled back, and smiled at the other man, who dozily smiled back. Reaching back to him, he slowly unbuttoned the rest of the shirt, all the time keeping his eyes locked on Mark's. 

When the last one was done, he discarded the shirt onto the floor and once again ran his hands over the chest, this time taking it all with his eyes. The skin was lightly tanned, as if recently returned from holiday, and the stomach, whilst not flat was in pretty good condition. 

He instinctively knew he would have to lead the other man and so pulled him by the hand onto the bed, sitting side by side before leaning in to kiss him again. As before, the intensity of the response made him slightly breathless, and he responded in kind, causing the two of them to roll onto their sides onto the bed.

As they continued to kiss, Dave slowly undid his own shirt, and shrugged out of it, now topless like Mark.

Gently, he took Mark's hands, and pulled them to his own chest. Once there, Mark's instincts took over and they began to roam, taking in the contours of Dave's body, running up and down his sides, over his chest, never stopping.

Without breaking the kiss, Dave rolled over, so that he was now on top of Mark, their chests touching, Mark's strong arms now encircling Dave and his hands running up his back, before entwining his fingers into the wavy blonde hair, pulling him closer. 

Moving away from his lips, Dave moved across Mark's cheeks, over the rough stubble, and down the side of his neck, gently caressing the skin with his tongue, causing goose bumps to appear on the other man's skin. Softly, he continued downwards, running his hands over the soft springy hair, until his mouth reached the nipple. 

Sucking it into his mouth, causing the other man to breath in sharply, Dave began to swirl his tongue around the sensitive skin, using his lips as well to caress the hardening tip. Gently, he nipped at it with his teeth, causing Mark to whimper slightly, but he knew to continue as Mark's hands wound in his hair held him in place.

Moving across to the other nipple, leaving a trail of saliva as he did, he repeated the process, enjoying the sensualness of the moment, never breaking eye contact with Mark. Beneath him, he could feel Mark writhing in pleasure, and lower, he could feel his cock rising, hardening, much like his own.

Without pausing his sucking of the nipple, he carefully undid his belt, tugging at the button and wriggling out of them. This caused his bottom half to rub teasingly against Mark's, and once more he could feel the other man's cock straining to be free. Tugging at his boxers, discarding them onto the floor, he was finally naked, him own dick rigid, but caught between their bodies. 

Moving down, he trailed a slow kiss down Mark's stomach, his hands now rubbing down the side of his legs, feeling the muscles under the suit trousers. Finally, his mouth reached fabric, and he paused momentarily, looking up at Mark and smiling. 

Unbuckling the trousers, he slid his hands underneath, feeling the soft hair there, and then his hands found what he was looking for. AS he did, Mark arched his back, allowing Dave to pull the trousers and boxers free. Both men were now naked, and both in a state of obvious arousal. Dave took hold of Mark's cock, towering out from his crotch, and gentled squeezed, feeling the member grow even stiffer.

Slowly, he trailed his lips down to the base of the shaft, continuing to stroke it as he did. He then started to lick around the base, moving behind and slowly running his tongue over Mark's balls.

"Ahhhhh," was all that came from Mark's lips, his eyes closed in ecstasy.

Dave continued to gentle stroke Mark's dick, doing just enough to keep him hard, but not wanting him to cum, it was far too early. Moving from the balls, he ran his tongue up the length of the shaft, like an ice cream, and then darting it into the slip at the top, tasting the pre-cum that was beginning to form there. Another couple of licks, and then he wrapped his lips around it and took Mark into his mouth.

By this point, the other man was lost in the blowjob, as Dave now sucked up and down, bobbing his head to take as much of Mark as he could. His hands were busy still too. He had one gently massaging Mark's balls, whilst the other continued to roam across his stomach, running his fingers through the hair at the base of the stomach, feeling the tight abs that were there.

Taking the cock from his mouth, now slick with his saliva he ran his tongue over the balls once more, and beyond, before flicking it into Mark's ass, causing the other man to buck and moan. Gently, he ran his tongue round the rim, feeling the puckered skin beneath, before quickly sticking his tongue into his ass. At this Mark's cock seemed to grow even stiffer, and Dave knew it wouldn't be long before he came.

Moving back, he engulfed Mark once more, sucking up and down, his tongue a live thing as it massaged the throbbing cock. Nibbling slightly with his teeth as he went, Dave increased his speed as he felt Mark tensing. 

Another couple of strokes and it was all too much for Mark, who came with a yell, his hands balling the sheets as he held on, as if for dear life. Dave felt the first wave splatter into the back of his throat, and he momentarily gagged as he swallowed, whist the second and third wave continued to fill his mouth. He wasn't able to keep it all in his mouth and a mix of cum and saliva dribbled down his chin.

Mark collapsed back flat onto the bed, drenched with sweat as if he'd run a marathon, but Dave wasn't finished. 

"Now fuck me," he said to Mark, who raised his head and saw that Dave had turned around, facing away from him, on all fours. Pushing himself up, he felt himself, almost as if in a dream, run his hands over the backs of Dave's legs, feeling the muscles that lay beneath the skin, pausing at the soft skin at the back of the knees. Looking up, he saw Dave smiling over his shoulder, encouraging him.

He moved forward, and ran his hands up the back of the hamstrings, up to where they joined the ass. Mark had never seen such a taut ass, even on a girl, before; and gently ran his hands over the mounds, squeezing slightly and causing a gasp from Dave. Beneath them, Dave's cock hung, hard and long.

Mark positioned himself on his knees so that he was over Dave, his now re-hardened cock brushing up against Dave's ass. Sticking his fingers into his mouth, he licked them and then reached forward, inserting them into the tight hole, first one, and then the other as he gently massaged, loosening the hole. 

After a minute of fingering, he took his fingers out, and moved forward again. Grabbing hold of Dave's waist, he pulled the other guy back to him, and lining up thrust his cock forward, right on line.

Despite the fingering, Dave was still tight and only the head of Mark entered. Reaching back, Dave helped guide the second thrust into him, feeling the shaft penetrate further into his body. Dave reached with both hands this time, pulling his ass apart to help Mark enter him, and this time, pushed back in time with the thrust.

This time, Mark entered him fully, and Dave felt the other guy slam into his ass, the meaty slap of body on body audible.

There was no finesse, this was a pure fucking. Now he was able to enter Dave, Mark was thrusting powerfully each time, and Dave found himself responding in turn, squeezing his ass muscles together in time, increasing the sensation for both of them. The pressure each time Mark thrust into him was adding to his own arousal, and he felt himself swinging, hard between his legs.

This couldn't go on for long and Dave was desperately trying to avoid cumming himself, when he felt Mark increase his speed. With one final thrust, their bodies came together and Mark let out a cry of joy, head thrown back, eyes closed, and for the second time that night came inside Dave. AS he pulled out, cum followed, and dribbled out of Dave's ass, dripping to the sheets below.

The first thing Mark saw when he opened his eyes was Dave still on a fours, ass pointing at him, rock hard cock still dangling, practically dripping pre-cum.

Almost without thinking, he reached out, and started to pump the other man's cock, up and down. For Dave, this was an unexpected bonus, and much as he tried to savour it, he was so near his own orgasm that it only took a few moments before he came, all over Mark's hand. Turning around, he took Mark's cum covered hands in his own, and carefully, but very deliberately licked his own cum of the other man's skin.

At this point, both men were spent, and rolling to one side, Dave crashed. He must have fallen asleep, for when he next woke he saw that the other side of the bed was now empty. Glancing around, he saw that all of Mark's clothes had gone.

"Back to his own room!" he smiled ruefully as he dropped back onto the sheets. He almost immediately dropped back to sleep, his last thought being that he was glad he'd come to the wedding.