 Note to the reader: In this diary I have told the true stories of my sexual encounters that have come about thanks to the internet. Some more precise details such as names and places will be left out to protect mine and others' privacy, and also because they don't matter. Each entry in the diary can be read alone or as part of a series, but since I have a wide sexual appetite you may not find everything I've done to be such a turn on, so you may want to skip those chapters. This chapter, chapters 1 to 4 and 6 to 7 feature homosexual scenes, as well as bi and heterosexual scenes.

*

When I arrived in Hong Kong from Shanghai on Thursday evening, I decided fairly quickly that I couldn't afford to stay there long as it was so much more expensive than the rest of China. I would just spend the weekend and however long it took me to get my new visa, then leave.

Luckily, I'd already arranged a meeting with the one member of the adult personals site there who had remained in contact with me, although that contact had only consisted of exchanging a few brief emails and photos. They were a gay couple, a younger local guy called Jason, a couple of years older than me and his forty-five year old British boyfriend Mark. Apparently Jason preferred white guys and to be 'bottom' while Mark younger Asians and to be 'top', so they were perfectly matched.

As with others, we'd arranged to go for dinner, this time on the Friday night as thought I'd be feeling too exhausted from my activities in Shanghai. I was glad I had the extra day to recover from the last night there, get back in the mood for guys after so many girls, and also manage to find time to shave the stubble on my crotch before going to meet them. 

They were a handsome looking couple, Jason a little shorter than me and of similar build with a cute, slightly effeminate face and short black hair, while Mark was over six feet tall, clearly fit and good looking for his age with light brown hair and a goatee beard. They kindly paid for the meal at quite a decent looking restaurant, and I must have made a good impression because they invited me back to their place. It was in an apartment on the peninsular Kowloon, but a little while out on the bus from the central area with budget accommodation where I was staying. I was a little worried about being able to catch the bus back, as they'd said in emails that they didn't like people to stay the night, but they assured me there was a night bus, and anyway the taxis weren't too expensive.

"So what would you guys like to do tonight?" I asked as soon as we were inside. Shanghai had got rid of any tendencies I used to have for beating about the bush.

"I would like you to fuck me," Jason replied, apparently even more used to being frank in this way. "Mark will film, is that OK?"

"That sounds great" I replied. I was a little disappointed that we would not be having group sex straight away, as I had waited a long time to be with two guys at once, but there were going to be a few opportunities so I thought it best to let my hosts decide first before making any requests of my own. Not that the prospect of fucking that cute Asian arse while his older, white boyfriend filmed us didn't excite me, quite the opposite, as despite having been with a number of men, I tended to be "bottom" rather than "top". So we all went into the bedroom where Jason and I stripped off in front of Mark and his video camera, and got on to the bed.

"Can I kiss you?" I asked, unsure of how intimate he wanted to get in the presence of his lover, and ignoring the irony that I had been asked the same question by a few of the guys I'd met in the UK.

"Sure," was the reply, so we did, shuffling closer until our semi-erect cocks bumped together. I closed my eyes and put my arms about him, thrusting my tongue far into his mouth, and gripping his buttocks, pulling his crotch to press close to mine, while he acted more passively, caressing my butt cheeks but nothing more. I cupped his balls, squeezing them gently, finding them bald, though here I could tell it was from shaving whereas the rest of his body was naturally hairless apart from a small patch of curly black hair that he'd left above his cock.

Once more, as in Shanghai, here was no evidence of Asian guys being smaller than Caucasians, as my hand next encountered a hard dick only an inch or less shorter than my own, and not much thinner. I wanted to taste it, so I broke the kiss, pushing him back and kissing down his chest, inhaling his scent, a deodorant similar to James' I realised, remembering my frequent trips to get buggered by him fondly. Down I went and hummed with satisfaction at my first taste of cock for nearly two weeks. I sucked greedily, bent over so my own hard-on pressed against my stomach, Jason leaning right back on his hands.

"I wanna suck yours," he said, after a few minutes. "Can we 69?"

I just rolled over as a response, barely releasing him from my mouth as I got on to my back, feeling it slap wetly across my nose when it did slip out and pulling him straight back in once I was comfortable, even before he'd knelt up and bent over to attend to me. First I felt his hands playing with my balls, then his tongue on the shaft: he was a pro, no doubt there. Meanwhile I continued to suck at his head, wrapping my arms around his waist and hips to pull him down on me, and beginning to play with his hole. I was glad to discover it was hairless, tracing around the outline of the puckered muscles, and even forcing a finger inside it. But he was so good I had to break the mutual oral sex just to prevent myself cumming too soon.

"I thought you wanted me to fuck you," I said, pulling myself up as he knelt back, apparently disappointed.

"I do, are you ready then?"

"Yeah, have you got some lube and a condom?" Mark passed both these to me, silently, as his partner got comfortable on his hands and knees. I remember being surprised that Mark was still fully clothed, and remained so the whole time I was there, just quietly videoing the proceedings and not jerking off to them, although I could see a sizable bulge in his trousers. I didn't worry about it though, pulling on the johnny and spreading the silicon gel over it, then smearing the cute little arse in front of me with it.

He really was very skinny, as skinny as me, and despite him not being much shorter, I expected him to be much tighter than the other two bums I'd had the pleasure to fuck. I was a bit surprised therefore to find that once my fingers were lubricated, three of them slipped in very easily straight away, and a fourth presented no problems either, though it was a snug fit. Clearly they really did tend to stick to their roles, if such a small guy was this loose.

Kneeling behind him, I slid inside very easily, although it didn't feel like a vast cave as I had feared, but a very comfortable fit. He was also deep, not flinching when I buried myself to my balls in him, so I began thrusting enthusiastically with no fear of hurting him. To my relief this didn't resurrect the orgasm I'd suppressed earlier, so I was able to bugger him for a good while in this position, watching my dick slide in and out of his sphincter and listening to his sighs.

He gradually became less passive, thrusting back, so I bent over him, kissing the back and side of his neck, and he pushed himself up, pressing his back to my chest so our lips could meet. Since we kept losing our balance as he wanted to touch himself, I pulled out so we could rearrange ourselves with him on his back, his legs held up to his chest by his own hands while I made the initial penetration, and then by mine as I leant over him, fucking him as I had fucked so many girls' pussies the previous week, and finding the tightness of his experienced arse not dissimilar as he was spread wide.

I released his legs and he wrapped them around my back, pulling me down to kiss him once more. This limited my thrusts a bit, but brought our bodies closer, the skin above my cock touching his balls with every entry, and his sticky cock slapping frequently into my stomach to leave drops of precum as he jerked off. The pressure in my balls was starting to creep back in, so I changed to a slower pace and longer strokes. Staring into his flushed, gasping face didn't help though, so I didn't think I could delay much longer.

"Are you ready to cum?" I asked him.

"Oh, yes, make me cum Jack!"

I knelt up and grabbed some more lube into my left palm, then leant back over him, on my right arm, oblivious to Mark filming us but unwittingly providing a great view for him. My wet hand closed around his firm cock and I began pumping it furiously, in time to my hard ramming of his butt, letting his hands roam freely over my body, managing to reach around and press a finger from each hand on my own sphincter.

He yelled suddenly, arching his back, and I felt hot droplets of semen spraying my chest. I kept wanking him, feeling it spurting out over my hand, and arrived at a climax myself, slamming deep inside him as I ejaculated into the condom, suddenly aware of his muscles relaxing and contracting around me. I groaned in satisfaction, squeezing some more sticky ooze from his dick before releasing it to free my hand to help safely extract my own from his hole. He lay panting, and with a last burst of lust before the post-orgasmic chill set in, I started licking his cum from his chest, then slumped beside him, grinning.

"That was great!" I said, and he grinned too.

"Yep, that was pretty good. I almost wish Mark didn't want to have you tomorrow, but we can have fun Sunday, for sure."

"Why what's the plan for the weekend? You hadn't told me."

Mark sat down on the bed, turning the camera off and speaking for the first time since we entered the room: "Well, you didn't give us anything in particular you wanted to do, so we decided tonight you would fuck Jason, since he loves to be fucked by white guys, then tomorrow night I would fuck you, and I'm quite dominant in bed, I hope you don't mind?"

"No, quite the opposite," I replied.

"Excellent. Then we thought Sunday we can all have fun together, since we're going away next week so won't have any more time after that. That sound good to you?"

"Definitely! It's a shame you're going away then, I'd love to have more than just three evenings, but can't be helped I guess. Shall I come straight here tomorrow?"

"Yeah, that seems like a good idea. About 9?"

***

Jason opened the door, the video camera already running and in his hand.

"You came!" he said, as if surprised.

"Of course," I said.

"Mark's in the kitchen waiting." I went ahead of him into the kitchen, where Mark was indeed waiting, still in a suit, which made him look even taller than his 6 feet. He seemed to be wearing a sour expression, and I wondered if something was wrong. He offered me a glass of water, which I took, suddenly feeling very self-conscious as he continued to glare at me. My eye was caught by something on the counter, and I saw it was the tube of lubricant and some condom, and I understood: he wanted to fuck me here, in the kitchen, and the gruff manner was just part of his dominant act. I relaxed inside, but tried not to show it, finishing my water.

"Finished?" he asked me. I nodded. "Then what are you waiting for? Take your clothes off."

Hurriedly I did so, fumbling a little here and there, but soon standing stark naked on the cold white tiles before this business man in his forties, videoed by his younger Asian toyboy. He regarded me critically, then undid his flies, but not the top button, and the buttons on the front of his boxers and reached inside, so that his limp dick and shaved balls hung out of his trousers.

My jaw dropped a little and my eyes widened: I had never seen a dick this big when soft, it looked almost as big and thick as mine was when hard! Sure, in porn I'd seen dicks that big, but never in real life, they'd never been significantly bigger than my seven inches when full, and often were less. My heart was beating faster even before he said: "On your knees. Lick it."

I obeyed, the hard cold tiles immediately uncomfortable, but I ignored it, fascinated, reaching for his penis.

"I didn't say touch it!" he said sharply, making me look up startled. "No hands, just mouth."

This was a challenge. I clasped both hands behind my back, and extended my tongue, licking the wrinkled foreskin covering the head. He smelled as all guys do after keeping their privates stuffed into hot underpants all day, and it made my cock twitch with its sweet scent.

I lifted the weight of it on to my tongue, bending further forward, then licked down the shaft to his big balls tracing all around them. I unclasped my hands to support myself on the cupboard behind him, and added my mouth to the proceedings, dragging my wet lips over his skin and then taking his flaccid cock in my mouth, circling around the head with my tongue, and sensing that it was starting to swell when I slurped at it. The tip of my tongue found its way under the foreskin to the smooth head, pushing it back as it became stretched by the swelling size of what it covered.

It continued to grow, filling my mouth and making me salivate a great deal, and when I finally released him it sprung up, almost taking my eye out. It was easier to lick the front of the shaft which was now hard, and though I'm not great at judging size, as it reminded me so much of my dildo at home I guess it must have been over nine inches long and two inches thick at the thickest.

I understood now why Jason's arse had been so loose, and instead began to wander how it wasn't just a gaping hole if it had this monster in it on a regular basis. My own erection, which I was normally so proud of, and which had already filled up just from sucking his and the drips of saliva that landed around my crotch, seemed so small and puny by comparison.

"That's good, you can use you hands now," Mark said, undoing the button on his pants and dropping them to his ankles.

He left me to disentangle his Calvin Klein boxers from his erect dick, pulling them down his hairy legs to his feet. The stiff shaft felt good in my hands as I slowly massaged it whilst sucking on his shaved balls, but even better when I guided it back into my mouth and tried to deep throat it. 

I gagged, pulling away to catch my breath, leaving a string of saliva from my bottom lip, then had to brace myself against his strong legs when he became impatient and pulled me back to his crotch. Wet cock slapped against my cheek as I struggled to get my lips around it once more, then I began sucking in earnest, bobbing up and down on it, massaging the shaft and ball with my hands. It was so big! Only a third would actually fit in my mouth, but it tasted and felt so good I could ignore my tongue aching, and would have loved to suck it until it disgorged gallons of cum down my throat. However, when I started to reach behind and grip his firm arse, a playful finger prodding at his hole then finally pushing inside, he seemed to have had enough, and pushed me away.

"Stand up," he ordered, and I did so, taking a step back so he had room to take his shoes off and step out of his trousers.

He kept his black socks on, presumably to keep his feet warm on the tiles as mine were already quite cold, but took his tie off and started unbuttoning his shirt. He was taking his time, and I felt a bit silly and exposed, standing naked with a hard-on in a fully lit kitchen with big windows, even if we were on a the 12th floor. For being over forty he was in pretty good shape, not a bodybuilder by any stretch, but his stomach barely bulged, his chest was well defined beneath its pelt of curly hair, and his arms were pretty thick from working out. Carefully he folded his shirt and tie over a chair and then began pulling on a condom. Unfurled all the way, it still only came to about an inch above the base.

"Turn around and bend over."

I obeyed, trembling with excitement, facing the worktop that looked out over the rest of the kitchen where the table was, and gripping the marble-effect surface to balance.

"Don't look around!" he said sharply as I strained to look over my shoulder, so reluctantly I turned my gaze to the front. Some cold lubricant trickled between my buttocks, and I shivered, and then sighed as I felt one of his fingers, about twice the size of mine, spread it around my hole.

When it slipped inside I closed my eyes, concentrating entirely on the digit prodding through my sphincter and I whispered a gentle "yeah", glad that two weeks previously I'd had Patrick in there to loosen me up a bit, since otherwise it would have been about 4 months since anything bigger than my finger had invaded that way, and I would probably have been too tight for him. Already I assumed he would have to slowly ease me open with more and more fingers, so I was a bit surprised when that one finger was withdrawn to be replaced with the unmistakable feel of a rubber coated cock pressed to my puckered hole.

"OK Jack, you said you liked to be fucked as well as to fuck, let's see how you really like your man-meat up the shitter."

I cried out in pain as he forced his hard, thick cock in, straining as hard as I could to dilate my muscles and ease the strain on them, but he didn't wait for me to adjust, plunging deeper and deeper into me, not fast, just at in inexorable rate, stretching my sphincter to the limit. For a horrifying moment I thought he might go as deep as I had with a cucumber once, that had given me a sharp pain when it hit somewhere delicate in my bowels, but before it reached that point his legs were pressed firmly against my buttocks. He stopped and I released the breath I'd been holding, panting with the dull pain of stretched skin and muscles, but nothing unbearable. I realised how tightly I'd been gripping the counter, and relaxed it, so blood could return to the skin around my knuckles.

"Tight little twink aren't you?" Mark said mockingly. "I thought you said you'd been fucked before, who by, pixies?"

"No one as big as you," I gasped, and then: "Oh shit that feels so good!" The pain was already fading, so I could enjoy the sensation of being truly filled, and for once by a real, hot, live cock.

"You like it huh? You little twink brat! I'm gonna fuck you so hard you won't be able to walk! Would you like that huh? Would you?"

"Oh yes! Fuck me! Fuck me please!"

"Call me sir!"

"Fuck me sir! Oh, please fuck me sir!"

His cock lying so still inside me was driving me wild with frustration. A moan escaped my lips as he pulled slowly out, then he slammed back into me pulling me towards him by my hips. I'm not normally noisy during sex, but that night I couldn't help it, the pounding that huge dick gave me was just so great. He didn't thrust particularly fast to begin with keeping his strokes long and deep, but so hard it would have been difficult keeping my hands on their handholds if I could concentrate, so under the circumstances it was nigh on impossible. With his wands to firmly around my waist though, there was no danger of me losing balance.

As we slowly moved forward thanks to his powerful banging of my arse, I found it was easier to grip the far side of the counter, bending right over to rest my chest on the cool surface, and only pushing back enough to stop my hips or thighs banging painfully into the edge. My own dick swung wildly with the shockwaves of each thrust, swinging freely in the air and flicking precum at the cupboard below the counter, leaving a residue, which I saw afterwards built up to such an amount it dribbled the whole way down the cupboard. Suddenly to my disappointment, Mark pulled out without warning.

"Get on the table," he said, the authority in his voice tempered by his apparent breathlessness, and as I climbed up on the wooden surface I saw that he was flushed, though it was nothing compared to how I felt. "No, on your back. I want to watch you cum, but you mustn't touch yourself."
