 This is a true story. It happened to me a few months ago and ever since I wanted to share it with people. I hope you like it. 

It all happened on a Friday night. My wife was away for the weekend, I was home alone watching some television. I watched a show with a lot of horny bitches with big tits, it wasn't very much but the tits and asses made me horny. After playing with my cock for about an hour I got bored and decided to go to a chatbox to see there was anything exciting going on. As I was browsing the internet I got in a chatroom for bisexuals. I never really thought about having sex with a man but I was curious and decided to stay in the chatbox and look around a bit. Suddenly a small screen appeared in my screen, it was a guy who wanted to chat me in private. I started chatting and this guy (his nickname was Indodick) and he asked me if I was interested in a little cam2cam action on MSN. I had my doubt if I should go along with this but I felt a little stir in my dick and I thought what the hell lets go on with it. So I told him I would run upstairs to get my webcam and then would be back so we could jerk off together. "Wait up" he said "I want you to put on one of your wife's tongs, it makes me so horny." I told him I would think it over and went upstairs to get my cam. 

When I passed our bedroom I saw a shiny red thong on the bed, my wife must have left it there. Without hesitation I took of all my clothes and put on the little thong, I could hardly get my cock in but I managed. Then I saw my wife's dildo on the floor, we used it last night to warm her up before we had a great fuck. I don't know why but I took it with me and also took a bottle of the lubricant. By the time I got back and installed my webcam I saw Indodick had added me to his address list, I accepted his call and I started chatting with him on MSN. Immediately he asked me to accept his webcam session which I did, and after a few seconds I saw the lower body of a man with a great body and a rock hard dick about 8 inches long. 

"Now it's your turn" I had second thoughts now, here I was sitting in front of a webcam in a tiny thong and some guy wanted to see me to jerk off. I decided not to chicken out and I invited him for a webcam session. He accepted and instantly gave me a compliment with my 8 inches hard cock, he told me he would love to suck the sperm out of it. "Please turn around" he asked me and I turned around and showed him my ass with the little peace of fabric between my buttocks. "I would like to stuff my hard cock in that, put your finger in your ass." I was a little bit confused now, I was horny as hell but this guy was commanding me around like I was a cheap slut. The fact that I was horny took over control and I took little bit of lubricant and drove my finger deep in my ass, I felt the muscles contract around my finger and it made me so horny. "Put another finger in" and without hesitation I plunged a second finger in my ass and started fingerfucking my own ass. My cock was so hard now and I felt like I never had felt before. 

"Don't you have anything bigger to put in your ass" Indodick asked me, I showed him the 7 inches long and 2 inched wide dildo and asked him if it was big enough for him. "I wanna see it deep inside your asshole, put it in for me slut." Carefully I placed the tip of the dildo on my asshole and I started pushing it in my ass, "push it deeper in your hole, fuck your pussy with it." After a minute I had the whole 7 inches in my ass and it felt great, proud as I was started fucking myself with the fake cock and I saw Indodick jerking of on the screen. Suddenly he told me to stop, then he told me to tell him were I live because he wanted to come by to fuck me in my ass en make me swallow his cum. "STOP" my mind said this going to far, I cannot let this guy come by and fuck the hell out off me. But somehow again my dick took control and I gave him my address and told him to come by so he could fuck me unconscious, I officially was out of control. He told me to take a shower and to open the door with only the shiny little thong on, just as I was wearing on his webcam. I took a shower and put on the thong again, then I took a few glasses of whiskey to calm down. My legs were shaking, what the hell was I doing, I was going to let a guy fuck my ass like I was a cheap slut. But I was so horny and thought of myself as a cheap slut and I wanted to swallow the cum form his dick, the thought made me so horny. 

"Dong" the bell, I looked trough the curtains and saw a man about 5,74 feet tall and with a great body. I quickly opened the door so my neighbours wouldn't see me. After I closed the door I felt his hand on my ass and he was gently pinching me while he was licking my neck, I turned around and for the first time in my life a man was kissing me and putting his tongue in my mouth, I loved it. 

We went inside the living room and I got him a whiskey, in the mean time he started a chat session with another guy and he invited him to go on cam. When the guy appeared on screen we both dropped out mouths wide open, this guys on screen had a nice body but he had a 12 inch cock about 2,5 inch thick. "That's a nice peace of meat" said Indodick "My little slut here would love to have it in his asshole." "So me your slut" the guys said and Indodick pulled me into view, "I bet you can suck cock like a pro" the guy said. 

It went black for my eyes and before a knew it I was on my knees releasing Indodick's cock from his pants. For the first time in my life I touched another mans cock. I felt a hand on the back of my head pushing my face down on the rock hard cock, "suck it" and I started sucking on the head of the cock, I felt the top of his cock on my tongue and I almost came. He kept pulling and pushing my face over his dick and with each trust he put his cock deeper in my mouth and eventually I felt his cock slide down my throat. The thought that I was sucking a cock and showing it to another guy on a webcam made me blow my load in the thong of my wife, it was soaked with sperm. 

Indodick used my mouth as a pussy for about 15 minutes when I felt his cock started to throb and get harder than it already was. He pushed his cock in my throat and I felt him squirt him cum in my throat and mouth, "Swallow it" he shouted but I couldn't get it al away and the last squirts landed in my face. "Show me his face" the guy on MSN asked and my face pushed in the view of the camera. "Eat the sperm from you face" the MSN guy asked and I greedy put all the sperm in my mouth and swallowed it. "That was a great show" the MSN guy said and he told us he had to leave, "wait up" Indodick said "give me your email address, I want to see your huge cock again."

After swapping addresses we shutdown the computer and I got another whiskey for Indodick. While he was drinking he told me to bring his cock back to life and boy did I get it back to life, after a few minutes it was a hard as a rock and I took it in my throat like a pro! Then I was ordered to turn around and bent over, instantly he started finger fucking my asshole and he worked three finger up my ass. When I was stretched enough he started lapping his tongue over my asshole, I almost fell over but he pulled me back and put his tongue deep in my waiting hole. I wanted him to fuck me, and fuck me good. Then he stopped and pulled up on his lap, I felt his dick pushing against my hole and after he applied some lubricant he started pushing me down on his cock. 

After the tip of his cock was in I felt a huge pain in my ass and I thought he could never get his monster inside of me. Slowly I slid down his rod and finally I felt his pubic hair against my buttocks and I realized I had 8 inches of hard cock up my ass, and I was loving every inch of it. He told me to pull up my feet to his knees so he could start fucking me, I pulled up and he slowly started fucking my ass, I felt his cock slide in and out of my ass and my cock was getting hard again. Then he turned me around and put me on the table, he pushed his cock back in my ass and started fucking me for real now, he started hammering his cock in and out of me and I got so horny I came for the second time without toughing my dick, Indodick was bending over me to lick the sperm of my cock and stomach. I felt his cock started to throb again and after a few seconds I felt his cock explode in my ass.Indodick lay on top of me catching his breath, after a few minutes he put on his clothes and left, I never heard of him again but he gave me a great experience. 

Next morning I woke up with a sore ass but also with a very satisfied feeling. Next to the keyboard of my computer I saw the note with the email address of the guys we where on MSN with last night, only the thought of his huge cock made me hot again. I started my computer and double clicked outlook...