 Web Ch. 02: Greg & Ruben

The kiss was sloppy, slick with saliva. Greg made it a point to swirl his tongue around Ruben's mouth to demonstrate its length. Peering through his eyelids to examine Ruben's expressions, Greg was pleased to notice his eyebrows raised in a pleased surprise. The Latino bitchboy kept his eyes closed as he kissed back, nearly taken aback by the wet mess Greg caused around their lips.

Sorry to disappoint ya, buddy. If you wanted romance, I'm not the one to get it from. But trust and believe, once I'm through with you you'll be plenty satisfied.

Greg led Ruben's hand around his package, and once he noticed Ruben was getting the gist of jerking him off, he let him get to work on his own, using his new free hand to pull Ruben's head back. His neck was supple, the adam's apple jutting forth like a dick all on its own. Greg lowered his face onto it, sliding his tongue over his neck to his ear, and started the process again. Ruben moaned, pulling at Greg's cock harder than before.

Running his hand over Ruben's head, Greg pushed down, sending Ruben's mouth on a journey down his slick apricot-scented body. His free hand groped at Greg's chest as he descended toward the cock he had been stroking. Jerking it in front of his face now. Greg put his fingers on his cockhead, slowly replacing Ruben's hand to yank at his own cock ferociously. His balls rumbled in the sac as he pointed his cock upward, dropping his crotch over Ruben's upturned face. His mouth open, lapping at the underside of Greg's balls as they bounced over his nose, Ruben reached around to grace the back of the muscleman's thighs.

Greg stepped back slightly, pushing his cock downward and hovering it over Ruben's lips. Lowering himself, Greg slid his dick down the cockwhore's mouth, inch my inch, until he pressed up against the back of his throat convulsing in shock, causing the gargling that erupted from Ruben's mouth and the salivating that encompassed his cock.

Encasing his hand over the back of Ruben's head, he pulled him back for his cock to escape and plop onto his thick lips. Eagerly, Ruben gobbled down on Greg's dick and sucked away. Greg lifted his arms up and propped his hands behind his head, letting his hips do all the pushing into Ruben's mouth that he needed, though the kid was doing a good job against him himself.

"Mmm. Fuck yeah, suck on that dick boy." The cockslut responded with a muffle that vibrated up his shaft. In turn, Greg whiffed his armpits and licked his way up his biceps. Fucking hot.

Reaching down to the base of his now wet dick, he pulled out of Ruben's mouth and slapped it around his face repeatedly. Thwok! Thwok! Thwok! Shoving it back into the Latino's mouth again, Greg humped away at his face, the Latino's hands traversing Greg's torso. He flexed his pecs and squirmed his abs within Ruben's hands, giving him the satisfaction of a hard muscleman borrowed for a good fuck. Greg felt hot slime hit his thighs; upon looking down he enjoyably watched saliva drip fervently onto Ruben's white, paint-speckled shirt.

Giving Ruben's mouth a final round of wet thrusts, Greg leaned down and pulled him up by the armpits. He looked down into the shorter man's face, pounding his fists softly into his chest. The Latino's chest was tight, not developed but still muscled. Not like his own chest, but still plenty satisfying.

Greg slipped his fingers under his shirt, why is this kid still clothed?, and as he felt up the guy's lower torso, he responded by taking the shirt off himself, exposing six-pack abs and the tiny erect nipples on his chest. Ruben's necklace, a small golden cross, dangled as he leaned forward to kick off his shoes. Greg fiddled with his belt, unlocking it and quickly working at his fly. He could feel Ruben's concentrated stare as Greg worked his fingers into the waistband of his boxers, grappling at his ass, a smooth tight butt.

This guy feels even better than he looks.

Greg pushed down at Ruben's jeans and boxers, watching them slide down his thighs as his short pubic hair that emerged was followed by his thick, light brown cock. Eight inches later, his boner sprang up from his boxers. Though pointed straight forward, it was curved up some from the middle. Greg smacked it with his fingers, watching it bob side to side like a metronome. He grabbed the Latino cock and pulled him close, twisting his hand around as he stared Ruben's face down, his half-open eyes and his half-open mouth, and gave his lips one more lick before walking backwards into his bedroom door, beckoning him to follow.

He did.

Greg turned and climbed onto the bed Ruben had caught him worshiping himself on, noticing the red vibrator he'd left behind. As Ruben walked through the doorway, Greg was creaming his fingers with lotion, bent over for Ruben to admire the Christmas ham that was his ass. Reaching back, he slid his fingers down his crack, studying Ruben's reaction as he lubed himself up. The Latino jerked himself off, puckering his mouth in arousal.

Once he felt his asshole was nicely wet, Greg slid his finger inside, savoring the stretch, rubbing his fingertip within along the soft walls of his anus. Shaking his finger around, he then pulled his hand away from his ass and reached for the dildo and the lotion. Pumping the lotion onto the vibe and spreading it around as a good layer of lube, he looked over at the still-masturbating Ruben and held up the fake dick for him to take. With Greg's sexy liplick, Ruben smiled and understood just what the muscleman wanted.

Hovering the dildo's point over Greg's hole, Ruben massaged his partner's rounded, rock-hard buttocks with his other hand. He slid the greased-up vibrator up and down the surface of his puckering ass, teasing it enough for Greg to look back and see each other's expressions as Ruben pushed it in. The musclewhore grunted. The vibe entered slowly but with no difficulty. As Greg's asshole took it all in, Ruben pulled it back and then slid it forward, a slow long stroke. Greg felt himself stretch from the inside as he took it all and God it felt so good.

Ruben smiled deviously, turning the dial at the bottom of the dildo, and then felt it rumble and vibrate in his fingers. Greg let out an eroticized groan, a hot fucking groan that he knew Ruben would get off on like he was with this vibrator in his arse. 

Greg reached back and held the vibe in as he shifted to get on his knees and face Ruben. Slowly, he settled himself, squatting down and resting the vibrator onto the mattress. He moved himself up and down, the hummmmnnn of the vibrator the only other sound besides his moaning.

Getting Ruben up on the bed, standing him up and turning him around, Greg was face-to-ass with Ruben. Spreading his butt with his hands, exposing his tight hole, Ruben bucked slightly as Greg's tongue lapped at his rear. The saliva dripping from the tip of his tongue slid down into his hole, only to be licked back up ferociously. Greg clenched onto Ruben's thighs as he buried his face into his asshole. He shook his face furiously from between his rump, licking away at him while penetrating himself with the vibrator. Ruben moaned, his asshole Greg's delicious smorgasbord. He pumped away at his thick, curved cock, the back of his balls grazing Greg's chin.

Greg's long tongue penetrated into his hole, so large and defined it may as well have been two fingers. The muscleman was getting his taste of the Latino's sweaty asshole, and man, was he loving it.

With one final spit into Ruben's ass, Greg sat himself up from his vibrator, turning it off and tossing it aside. He wrapped his muscled arms around Ruben's waist, pulling him down to sit in front of him. He leaned the Latino forward, getting him bent over and holding onto the board at the foot of his bed. Greg stood on his knees. Reaching into Ruben's crack, Greg smeared the spit around his puckering hole. The muscleman slapped his fat seven incher on the guy's hard bubblebutt, spitting onto his cock and lubing it up.

Greg pointed his bare prick against the quivering hole, pushing against it until it opened and wrapped over his cockhead. Ruben let out a gasp as Greg slowly entered his ass, pulling back shortly for him to adjust, and pushing in again. Ruben's head whipped about in ecstasy, the muscles in his back tightening. Greg smacked his hands onto Ruben's brown cheeks and began fucking.

Ruben slapped the headboard, Greg's hands slid under Ruben's thighs to fuck harder, grunting and moaning resonated throughout the bedroom. Greg fucked his arse in long strokes, making each thrust as hot as the ones before it. He whopped his hand onto Ruben's head, pulling it back as he rammed his hole mercilessly. Ruben's moans were loud, just the way Greg liked it.

Greg surrounded Ruben's torso with his arms and pulled him backward, his cock still inside him. They landed on their sides, in their new position, and before Ruben could even breathe Greg was thrusting into him again.

Ruben's meat remained hard against his leg, leaking precum onto his thigh as Greg continued to impale him. The violent plowing would not cease, and Ruben's asshole was so inviting that Greg was nowhere near close thought the fucking felt like a consistent orgasm. The sweat from both of their bodies exchanged skin, from Ruben's back to Greg's front.

The muscleman's cock was ramming against the hilt of the stud's ass, and with every punch came a small-scale squeeze of Ruben's ass that felt so fucking good, felt so fucking good that the rush was climbing up Greg's shaft and making his body tense.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum!" Thrusting a bit more, Greg pulled out his cock in time to splatter load after load between Ruben's legs. The muscleman's creaming wouldn't stop, wouldn't fucking stop, and when it finally slowed down, Ruben exclaimed a long, grunting, "SHIIIIIT!"

The stud's jizz flew onto his body, the squirting fountain blowing everywhere. Greg could feel Ruben's cum landing on his own upturned thigh.

They both panted, recovering from their orgasms. Greg moved back some for Ruben to turn on his back. The men had both shot impressive loads. The cum was indiscernible from where it came; Ruben was covered in it from his chest down to his thighs. Greg fingered the mess and scooped it up, lifting it to Ruben's mouth. He eagerly sucked it down.

Laying on the bed for several minutes, Greg turned to the Latino.

"Don't you have work to do?" he asked coyly.

"Oh yeah, work!" Ruben slyly smiled and laughed.

Greg watched Ruben get dressed in the living room and then opened the door for him.

"See ya around," said Ruben.

Greg winked, smooching a kiss at Ruben and smacking his bottom as he walked outside. Greg closed the door behind him, leaning against it and smiling.

Another hot fuck. I'm a pro.

He grabbed at his dick and headed to the mirror in the living room to worship himself.