 Conclusion

That evening after the hike, I was eating dinner again at a table with some of the other hikers, but was lost in thought about the two cocks I had sucked off during the hike. It was hot having two gorgeous meat sticks in my mouth, but I was craving more. "Oh well" I thought to myself, tomorrow I leave back to the city and at least I had a few cocks that I sampled. I wasn't very hungry and had barley tasted my food when Gerhardt came up to me.

"Not hungry?" he asked. I looked up at him and before I could answer he cut me off, "Well then, Dieter wishes to see you in his office at once!"

I stood up and followed Gerhardt to Dieter's office. He opened the door and the red headed giant sat behind a large oak desk, studying some papers that he held in his hands. Gerhardt motioned for me to sit in a chair at the opposite side of the desk as he approached and stood next to Dieter, whispering into his ear. Dieter looked up at me with a cold stare and then continued looking at the papers in his hand. I shivered.

He dismissed Gerhardt where he moved back around the desk and stood by the door. Dieter nodded and I heard a key turn and lock the door behind me. 

"So, Gerhardt has informed me that you have been up to your own personal curriculum, is it true?" He looked up.

I gulped hard in my throat and replayed that hot shower scene of me sucking off Gerhardt's gorgeous cock.

"Well?"

I gulped again and tried to focus and finally, "What do you mean sir?"

I heard Gerhardt chuckle softly behind me, Dieter had a hard look on his face.

"Are you fucking with me young man?" Dieter's gaze was intense and it felt as if he could see right through me.

I slowly shook my head and couldn't think of a single thing to say. I sat there what seemed like hours when it was mere seconds.

"You don't think I know what goes on here?" A lecherous smile began to replace his fierce scowl. "In the shower or up on the mountain side?"

Fuck! My heart sank and knew right then and there I was ratted out for my lust of gorgeous cock. 

"Now, Gerhardt has informed me that you didn't eat your dinner. What's the matter? Not hungry?"

"Oh I am, hungry now, may I be excused?"

Simultaneously Gerhardt and Dieter laughed. They were loud almost to the point of being obnoxious that I didn't know what to make of the scene. Dieter motioned with his finger for me to approach his desk. I stood there but he kept motioning me to get atop his desk and I did on my knees bent over at the waist. 

"Perhaps you are hungry for this!" and he scooted his chair back a bit. He was naked from the waist down and sporting a raging erection! 

"Wow!" I whispered out in awe. 

Dieter's cock was long, thick with a bulbous head. The pale skin of cock truly highlighted the thick veins that wrapped themselves around his massive fuck tool. The thick under vein looked like a garden hose, I started to moan out like a bitch in heat. My mouth began to drool. Yesterday and today I wanted Gerhardt's meat stick but now, I had to have Dieter's massive dong inside my mouth. 

"Please," I begged.

Dieter wasted no time in standing up and force feeding me his cock. I hungrily gobbled his huge fuck stick in my mouth. I had to open wide to gorge on his extremely thick stick. I wrapped my hand around and started stroking and sucking him. I made loud slurping sounds as I bobbed up and down on his hard cock. He liked what I was doing and praised my cock sucking abilities through grunts and groans.

I wanted to deep throat him but I knew what a daunting task it would be. I moistened his cock by licking up and down the entire shaft. I spit on it and stroked him and then gobbled some more. I pulled back a bit and drooled all over his cock head and attempted to deep throat him. I got a good portion in my mouth and down my throat but I didn't reach the base. I pulled back with tears running down my cheeks. I spat on his cock again and then quickly gobbled him down and was almost to the base when my throat twitched. I pulled back quickly and coughed.

"What's the matter? My cock too big for you?" 

I looked up at him with the most innocent, slut eyes and slowly shook my head. I sucked his bulbous head into my mouth while maintaining eye contact with him. I bobbed up and down on it quickly and then stopped, never taking my eyes off his. He winked at me, then I closed my eyes and headed south on his cock again. This time slower and I reached the base. His cock was too thick for me to slide my tongue out and lap at his balls.

I slowly started back up when I felt two different sets of hands on my ass. They reached around and undid my button and a lame effort at undoing my zipper. I stroked Dieter's cock as I looked back and saw that it was Reiner and Klaus! They finally managed to pull my pants down and their hands were all over my ass, balls and cock. Klaus slid his tongue in between my ass cheeks as Reiner held them apart. Klaus' tongue felt hot and wet on my asshole.

When I turned around, Gerhardt was standing next to Dieter tonguing him deeply. I grabbed his cock and stroked him as I was still doing to Dieter's cock. I sampled both cocks one at a time and then pulled them together until their gorgeous cock heads were touching. I greedily sucked them into my slut mouth! Both heads oozed thick pre-semen which I savored.

Klaus' tongue was deep in my butthole and Reiner's hand stroking my cock. I had to get off the desk as it was killing my knees. I slid off the desk, pulled my pants off completely and stepped out of them. I started to pull my shirt off when Reiner wrapped his lips around my aching cock. Klaus stood next to me and we started making out like a pair of horny teenagers. Reiner gobbled both of our cocks. I looked over and saw that Dieter had returned to his chair and Gerhardt on his knees working on his tool.

Klaus stopped kissing me and hopped on Dieter's desk and laid back. I pulled out of Reiner's mouth and bent over the desk and started sucking Klaus. Reiner squatted behind me and continued licking my ass as he stroked himself. His spit on my asshole a few times then stood up and slid his fat cock head into my ass. I groaned in delight as he placed his hands on my hips and started butt fucking me. 

Reiner was fucking me hard when Gerhardt looked back and saw that I was being sodomized. He looked at Dieter who nodded in approval and Gerhardt stood up and walked over to Reiner. Gerhardt's powerful hands pulled my ass cheeks apart even farther. Dieter stood up and walked over and slid his cock into Klaus' mouth. I could hear the loud "gack" sound coming from Klaus' mouth and I knew Dieter's thick cock was hitting the back of his throat.

Reiner was relentless and pounded my ass hard and fast and then it happened, he unloaded a hot stream of cum in my ass. He shoved his cock deep in me and I thought he was going to split me in two! I felt his grip tighten on my hips and his legs quiver as he dumped the remnants of his sperm deep in my anal cavity. He slowly pulled out and I could feel his thick sperm ooze out of my ass. I wish I could see how his cum cream pie'd my ass. 

With cum still dripping out of my ass, Gerhardt took over and easily slid his cock in my ass. He went deep as I could feel his hairy balls touching my own shaved ones.

"Now you lil' bitch, I'm going to fuck you like you wanted that night in the shower!" And fuck me he did! His heavy, cum filled balls slapped hard against me with each powerful thrust. Gerhardt's cock felt so good in my burning ass that I lifted my leg up onto the desk. This allowed him to fuck me deeper and harder. I felt used and loved it!

I started bobbin harder and deeper on Klaus' cock when he spurted cum in my mouth. He groaned out loudly and nearly sat straight up. I continued slurping Klaus' dick when Gerhardt sent a burning slap to my ass cheek.

"Oh!" I moaned out in delight. Another furious slap to my ass and it started to feel red hot. I saw Dieter walk around the desk and stood next to me and Gerhardt. Gerhardt continued to violate my asshole when he applied a three count slap to my ass, open handed, back hand, followed by another open handed slap. He buried his cock deep in my ass when he reached for my arms and grabbed me by the crook of my elbows, pulled me away from the desk and turned me ninety degrees so that my face was met Dieter's gorgeous cock.

I was being fucked by two stunning cocks, one deep in my mouth and the other just as deep in my ass! I heard Gerhardt's breathing become labored and I knew he was ready to cum. I pushed hard against him wanting him to cum deep in my ass but he had another idea. He pulled out, grabbed the back of my hair and pulled me around, pushed me to my knees and jerked off onto my face covering it with thick globs of cum.

"Suck me clean you lil' whore!" Gerhardt hissed.

I did as I was instructed and performed ass to mouth. Dieter was still stroking as I cleaned Gerhardt's cock when he started to decorate my face. I grabbed his cock and aimed his head to my mouth. He filled it as he came and came. Still holding onto Dieter's cock I used it to clean my face of Gerhardt's cum by scooping it into my mouth.

I was satisfied, almost. I hadn't cum yet and was aching to be relieved. Dieter read my thoughts and ordered Gerhardt to bend over the desk and for Klaus to lick his butthole while Reiner held his cheeks apart. All three of them did what they were told. Dieter started kissing me gently and then ordered me to fuck Gerhardt's ass.

I slid my cock in and started fucking him. Dieter and I started kissing again, Klaus stood behind me and reached around to pinch and pull my nipples, Reiner held Gerhardt's ass cheeks open. It was too much and I came quickly in Gerhardt's ass. He moaned but I wasn't done with him.

I pulled out and quickly squatted down behind him. I saw the cream pie I did on him and started lapping my own cum from his ass. I placed my lips completely over his butthole and sucked until every gooey drop was out of his ass and in my mouth.

On the bus ride back I pretended to sleep but I replayed my hot cock and cum filled weekend over and over in my head. I am a slut and a whore and this weekend outing was pure ecstasy.