 The hot water felt good cascading over my body. I just stood there with my hands against the shower bulk savoring the hot water. My eyes closed I could have stood there for hours when I felt I wasn't alone. I looked over and saw Gerhardt standing casually against the wall. His left foot crossed over his right, left hip and shoulder against the wall paging through my fuck book! I looked down towards his crotch again and gasped as I hadn't noticed the first time my eyes traced his posture, that his gorgeous cock was fully erect! 

I whispered to myself, "oh my god!" I looked back up at him but Gerhardt was lost in the magazine, obviously admiring the hot she males inside the pages. Now I was a bit angered that he went into my personal bag and fished out my erotic magazine! I got tough and said, "Hallo?" which came out more of a question then one of authority. 

Gerhardt ignored me as he was deep into my fuck magazine. Water sliding over my body I walked over and stood directly in front of him. Gerhardt continued to ignore me. He ignored me so much that I felt as if I wasn't even there. I cleared my throat and asked him in his native tongue of German what he thought he was doing with my magazine. No response!

Without looking, I reached down and cupped his lopsided balls, the left one hung lower than the right. Without missing a beat, Gerhardt opened his stance, allowing me more room for my hand to grasp his hairy balls. I started massaging his sac, gentle to firm squeezing, pulling, and rolling them around in my hand. Gerhardt didn't budge but turned the page as he continued to ignore me.

I slowly dropped down until my knees were on the floor never taking my eyes off Gerhardt's face. With his balls still in my hand, I pulled them down which in turn lowered his cock to my eager mouth. A thick drop of pre-semen waited for me. I stuck my tongue out and gently flicked at it. His salty goo stretched from the tip of his cock as it caught my tongue. I could feel a rise between my own legs.

I opened my mouth and quickly swallowed his cock head into my mouth. As I always do when I'm giving head I moan out in sheer delight! Fuck did his cock taste good! I wanted more of his meat stick in my mouth so I slid down the length of his medium-thick shaft until the head was at the back of my throat. I reached up with my free hand and gripped the remainder of his shaft and started stroking him.

I slid my hand and mouth up and down his shaft thoroughly enjoying his dick in my mouth. I gobbled on his cock and looked up. My eyes followed the contours of his body, the slight paunch of his belly that was thick with hair all the way up to his even hairier chest. The magazine was in my way and I couldn't see if he was looking down at me. I groaned loudly with his delicious cock still in my mouth and the magazine moved a bit. 

He knew what he was doing, letting me see that he was still ignoring me as his full attention was on my magazine that he held. I thought, "Fuck it!" ignored him and continued gobbling on his long cock.

I jerked, stroked and licked his cock with fervor! I coated his entire cock with saliva that it ran down onto his hairy balls. When his dick was wet enough from my spit mixed with his pre-semen, I relaxed my throat and gobbled him all the way down to the base of his cock. Finally I had elicited a response from Gerhardt as he breathed heavily from his nose. I slid my tongue out and lapped at his balls which made Gerhardt squat down a bit. I kept lapping his balls until I started running out of breath and I pulled back as his gorgeous cock slowly, teasingly slid out of my throat until his head remained in my mouth. I slowly shook my head from side to side while sucking his cock head and then quickly deep throated him again, pressing my nose against his hairy belly. Reaching around with both hands I grabbed firmly onto his hairy ass and started rocking him back and forth so I could fuck my own mouth with his cock. I slammed his cock hard and fast down my throat, tears started to form out of the corners of my eyes. His cock twitched I pulled back, reaching back around with my right hand grabbing and stroking his cock. I knew he was ready to explode as I bobbed and stroked him firmly.

I pulled back to get a breath when the first thick glob of hot cum spurted out and partially landed in my mouth and lower lip. I opened my mouth as I stroked Gerhardt's quivering cock eagerly anticipating the next glob. It came harder and thicker than the first and landed just below my left eye and began to run down my cheek. I wanted his cum in my mouth and clamped my lips around his cock and sucked. He flooded my mouth with more salty cum which I quickly swallowed. I ran my thumb on the underside of the thick vein hoping for more cum. A few more thick drops oozed out and into my mouth.

My face decorated with globs of semen I looked up at Gerhardt, I was amazed at his demeanor, and his eyes were still glued to the magazine! I held onto his cock which started to become flaccid and used it to wipe his cum that had splashed cheek. I lovingly kissed his now limp dick and without a word, Gerhardt stepped back and turned and left me in the shower on my knees like a whore. I heard the door close when he left and the only sound remained was the drops of water coming from the shower head. I began to shiver.