 When I got to their house, only Pierre was home. He's the guy who likes to play master. He isn't into 24/7, rather equal day-to-day, but during the sessions he's a dominant top, loves flogging, rigging and pretty much everything BDSM tops would. And loves to see the excitement of the sub.

We pretty much just said hi, happy to see each other, then he pushed my arms behind my back and started undressing me.

He led me to the room where I was supposed to sleep, told me to get on the bed and spread my arms and legs. I got excited, for sure we're not wasting any time but also got a bit nervous too since I didn't know him that well yet... He blindfolded me and tied me spread eagle. Pretty tight and stretched out, I couldn't move much.

Then he started using me, torturing my tits or putting his nipples in my mouth to lick, or fed me his cock... usually a spread eagle like that doesn't yield to too much opportunity, but it was fun. He liked how I was longing for his cock with my open mouth and tongue following him like a radar dish. He devised a game to keep my tongue out until he gets his tea. I would get rewarded by his cock or get flogged failing the task.

I didn't mind any of those options but of course I'm a good slave so I tried my best. Took quite a while actually, eventually my tongue got dry, then i got a piece of hair on it... usually these small things present most challenges :) I could lick my shoulder so I got rid of the hair without failing the task.

He came back quietly but I could still hear him. I got my reward, more than what I could handle.

Then his partner arrived home and joined us. Initially I got scared that it could be someone else in the room as they didn't speak but I recognized his partner when he pushed his dick in my mouth. Smaller but always hard, ready to shoot. Then Pierre fucked my face while his partner straddled me and jerked off on me. It was pretty hot, I loved the feeling of being out of control and used.

Pierre has beautiful big cock, took me a while to learn not to choke every single time he pushed in deep, but by the end of the weekend I think I got good at it.

He didn't come that time yet and didn't let me either. Actually he asked me already a week before not to touch myself so I was pretty horny by then.

After I was let go, we dressed up and went out to town to have dinner. I got two gifts from him, a cock ring and a jock strap and now I had to wear them outside the house too. The collar stayed home. We went to bed early but I was already exhausted and happy.

Next day after breakfast he started working on a cake for lunch. Perhaps I was in his way, he suddenly grabbed my arms, pushed them behind and up my back. Took my shorts and the jock strap off and pushed me against the fridge my nose and forehead on the door. He told me not to move so he can stare at my butt as he likes to. Then he continued working and chatting with his partner. I thought I'll be bored just standing there but to my surprise I found being exposed and humiliated like that was really hot and soon I got a hard on. They both seemed to enjoy this quite a bit, every once in a while one of them passed by touching, groping me.

After lunch Pierre took me down to his dungeon. It's a pretty rough looking room in the basement but has a rack for bondage or sling, a bed and 5 lockers full of gear.

First he tied my wrists up and ankles down, like standing spread eagle, but then he transitioned me to bend down, my neck was pulled down by the collar that was attached between my spread legs while my arms were still tied above. He also attached a parachute to my balls and pulled them behind and up by a rope so I couldn't move my ass anywhere. He likes flogging and this position is great for that. After about 20 lashes he came over and fed me his cock again. 

I love his cock, it's really filling my mouth and makes me struggle.

Then we transitioned again, he wrapped me in shrink wrap standing and tied me to the sides so I couldn't fall. Then he put a gas mask on me and held the hose against his chest, played with my balls or jerked me while not letting me breathe.

We did breath play before but now it was a notch more. He was very careful still so I wasn't really struggling, but we're getting there, feeling the boundaries. All the meantime he was stroking himself or me to keep us both on the edge.

He also took a few pics and one time his partner came down, he wanted to see me as well...

Then Pierre stood on a stool and fucked my face again. He almost couldn't stop in time, he likes it and he likes how much I like it too. But it wasn't time yet. He let me down and cut me out of the wrap.

He sat on the stool and I had to get on my knees to suck and deep throat him. I had to say how much I liked sucking his cock but of course it just came out as incomprehensible mumbling. Then we played a counting game. He held my head with his dick all the way in my throat and counted first 10 seconds, then 20, etc... that was super hot, probably my favorite scene the whole weekend. The challenge and struggling combined with having his huge cock in my throat, it is just crazy exciting. He was still careful with me though, I could do easily 60 and I love it so much I would probably suffocate and pass out first before letting go.

Anyhow, eventually he came and then I was just sitting on my heels drooling his cum all over myself while he was packing the gear away. I didn't feel any shame, actually i felt really sexy and proud for some reason at that moment. I know I'm weird. 

When he cums he gets instantly turned off so I thought I'll give him some space. We started watching some TV show before going to bed and I was longing to sit at his legs, feel his touch just a bit more before departing the next day, but I wasn't sure how he'd react. Properly trained slaves don't do such things. 

And that was pretty much it. At the end I didn't get to cum again but all in all it was a fantastic weekend.