 It was spring break and I couldn't afford to go to the beach, so I was expecting a boring weekend at home. I grew up in the city, but had chosen to go to a small college in a small town. My hope was to find a decent, marriage minded girl. I was tired of all the sluts I had dated in high school. It seemed that all city girls wanted was to fuck, and I was looking for more. 

I went to a local pub just off the State University's campus to drink a few beers and shoot some pool, and maybe see some friends or meet a "city" girl. It was really dead as everyone had gone to the beach. I was shooting pool when Tom walked in. I didn't know him yet, but knew who he was as he was the star running back from the cross town rival high school. He was hard to miss, tall, great build, wavy blond hair and big blue eyes. I had played strong safety, and he had run over or through me more times than I tackled him. He was on full scholarship at State.

He introduced himself and we shot pool, drank beer and talked trash. I expected him to be conceded, but he was a really down to earth great guy, someone I thought I would really like to have as a best bud.

The beer was having it's affect and I needed to take a piss and headed to the head. As I was pissing, Tom joined me to take a piss at the urinal next to me. He pulled his dick out and commented great bladders think alike. I laughed and caught a glance of his cock, it was soft but had to be at least six inches long. Perfectly shaped, impressive. I had to look away. I was finished pissing and noticed my dick was almost fully erect. I quickly tucked back in walked out, thinking, I've never got a hard on from pissing before, why was I getting hard? 

Tom and I shot some more pool and drank a few more beers. It seemed like it was going to be a dud night as no women had come in. I told Tom I was going to call it a night. He comments that his car was in the shop and asked if I could give him a ride home. I said sure and we headed out. We continued to talk trash and he asked if I knew Suzie from my high school and I said yes, she was my steady my senior year. He said he had fucked her a few times and that she was a really good fuck and didn't know why I would let her get away. I agreed that she was a good fuck, but she didn't fulfill me, I always felt something was missing, that there had to be something more. 

We pulled into his apartment building parking lot. He lived in a new high rise. He asked if I would like to come in for a beer and to check out the view from the seventh floor. I said sure, and we headed up. We entered his apartment and walked into the kitchen and he grabbed a couple of beers and we went out to the balcony to check out the view. It was awesome. I kidded him that with his good looks and this view he was probably able to get any chick he wanted in bed. He responded that he does always get what he wants. 

We finished our beers and walked back into the kitchen to get another. He handed me a cold one and set his down on the counter, and pulled his polo up over his head, removing it and throwing it on a chair. I was startled as he displayed his tanned, smooth chest and 6-pack abs. Not an ounce of fat, or a hair to be seen. I must have been staring as Tom asked if I liked what I saw, as he opened his beer and took a chug, flexing his abs and pecs. I caught myself admiring his perfect, muscled masculinity, and struggled with what to say as I looked into his deep blue eyes. 

Tom said he caught me checking out his cock when we were taking a leak earlier and asked if I liked it. I couldn't think of what to say as I watched him unbutton his shorts and let them fall to the floor, stepping out of them. There he was, arms length away totally naked except for his black bikini briefs which were struggling to contain his huge, growing cock. He asked, do you want to see it again? I couldn't take my eyes off his growing bulge when he grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand onto his bulge. I could feel its heat and tentatively squeezed it. He told me to pull his briefs off. Mesmerized, I grabbed them at each hip and started pulling them down. He spread his legs so they wouldn't fall off, requiring me to have to lean over and kneel down to get them off. As I did this his hard cock hit me in the face. 

I didn't understand what was happening but knew I couldn't, wouldn't stop it. My mind was spinning. My nickname in high school had been "hit man" for my aggressive, rough style of play on the football field. I could have any girl in high school, and did have many, yet here I was, on my knees staring at a beautiful 8 inch, perfectly shaped cock. I had never seen an erect cock in person before, and now I had one within inches of my mouth. 

Tom told me to tell him what I wanted to do. I said I didn't know. He replied I did know and he wanted to hear me say it. I was frozen on my knees, inches from Bruce's magnificent cock which had grown to an impressive size, and yes, I thought to myself it is a beautiful cock which was twitching in my face. He grabbed me by my shoulders and pulled me up to a standing position. I became aware that my dick was also hard as a rock.

I was looking into his deep blue eyes and he told me to say it, that I want to suck his cock and swallow his cum. I never pictured me being in this position, but I was coming to the recognition that I did want to suck his awesome cock, lick his balls, eat his cum. I looked into his beautiful eyes and heard my words, I couldn't believe it was me talking as I said, I want to suck your awesome cock and eat your cum. He jumped up on the counter with his ass hanging half off, and his huge cock pointing straight at me. He grabbed my head, directing it towards his cock and said "get to work, COCKSUCKER!!"

Knowing what I liked having done to me, I grabbed his cock, leaned over and rubbed the head across my wet lips and all over my face. I began stroking it and took the head into my eager mouth, licking around the head, savoring the taste and its smoothness, finding it soft, yet hard as a rock. I never imagined having him in my mouth could feel so good, so natural. I started moving up and down his shaft, curious to see if I could take it all. Bobbing deeper and deeper his cock hit the back of my mouth and I started to gag. I eased up and started moving slower, maintaining strong suction and massaging with my tongue. I was really getting hot and Tom was encouraging me, telling me I was a great cocksucker. It was the first time I've given a blowjob, yet I was determined to make this the best blowjob Tom had ever gotten. I continued to move further down his shaft, deeper each time and gradually was able to ease this impressive man meat past my gag reflex and into my throat, my nose was now hitting his stomach with each stroke. 

He was now moaning, talking about how great it felt, saying I was a great COCKSUCKER (me?). I continued to take it deep into my throat and then about halfway out, loving the sensation of having his cock in my mouth more with each plunge and knowing I was responsible for bringing Tom to such a high level of pleasure. His whole body began to shiver and he began moaning louder and breathing harder. He grabbed my head and started to hold his cock deep in my mouth and throat and announced he was going to come. I maintained suction, massaging with my tongue and moving up and down slowly as his entire body became rigid and his cock started throbbing, unloading multiple shots of his cum in my mouth. To experience him unloading in my mouth and to taste his delicious cum was amazing. I was surprised by the strength of each pulse of his cock as it jerked and shot another stream of cum into my mouth. I continued to gently suck and milk every last drop of cum from his softening cock, licking it clean.  

I let Tom's cock out of my mouth and looked up at him, not knowing what to expect, and not sure of how I felt. I definitely enjoyed the experience, the power of bringing him pleasure, but also felt embarrassed. He had called me a COCKSUCKER, and I had just thoroughly enjoyed sucking his cock. So, am I now a cocksucker? Does this mean l'm gay? Will Tom make fun of me? Throw me out? Tell everyone I'm gay? I noticed another drop of cum on the tip of his cock and instinctively leaned over and licked it off and gently sucked on his semi hard cock, wondering if I could suck him to another erection. He pushed me off his cock 

He continued to sit on the counter and grabbed his beer and took a chug, without saying a word, and not looking at me. I stood there looking at him, admiring how good looking he is and feeling an urge to kiss him. I had never wanted to kiss a man before, but I had never sucked a cock before either. He continued to drink his beer and looking in the other direction. I said I guess I should be going. He didn't respond so I left. 

As I went down the elevator I was struggling with what I had just done. As I walked through the lobby a pretty girl was walking in and gave me a strange look. Did she know what I had just done? Do I now look like a cocksucking man? I have a lot to think about. 

To be continued...