 The next morning after a breakfast of bread with jam, milk and cereal and coffee, we were ushered into the briefing room for the day's activities. As we all sat and listened to Dieter the group leader about the adventure hike, I scanned the room looking for Gerhardt but didn't see him anywhere. 

"Gerhardt," Dieter said above our heads and everyone sitting simultaneously looked towards the back of the room. Immediately I felt like an ass as Gerhardt was standing directly behind me. We made eye contact, not a hint of what had transpired in the early morning hours in the shower. He held my gaze for a second longer before he turned his attention to Dieter and made his way to the front of the room. I slowly turned around and ran my fingers through my hair still feeling like the back end of a mule.

I didn't pay attention to what Gerhardt was briefing until he started naming who was too paired with whom. Gerhardt did announce that there was going to be a three man team. I didn't care about any three man team, I was fantasizing he was going to pick me and we would go off deep into the woods and I'd get the chance to give him head again and maybe get my ass fucked. 

Reiner was a brown-haired stud from northern Germany with a solid build but what he lacked in height, he had in width. He kept trudging through the forest as if his thick ass were on fire. 

"Reiner!" shouted Klaus from behind me "Slow down damn you!" I stopped and waited for the thinly built Klaus to catch up to me. I pulled out a cigarette and lit it by the time Klaus caught up and stood next to me. His blonde hair was damp and sticking to his forehead. He placed his hand on my shoulder for support and asked out of breath, "Who in the fuck does he think he is?"

"I don't know, Tarzan?"

"No. Tarzan swung through the trees like a chimpanzee."

"Well Klaus, then I don't fucking know." 

"You have a cigarette for me?" 

"You sure you need one?" 

His face winced at my comment but I held out my pack of smokes and he fished one out. 

"Do you?" I flicked my lighter and he pulled the flame through as he sucked life into his cigarette. I stubbed out my smoke then turned and continued hiking up the hill in the direction where Reiner disappeared on the other side. Klaus continued smoking in the same spot where I left him.

At the top of the hill I saw no sign of Reiner and sat on a large boulder. My thoughts were occupied by Gerhardt and his cock. I replayed the events of giving Gerhardt a blow job in the shower and how he completely ignored me. I felt like a cheap and easy slut after he came in my mouth and on my face and then left without saying a word. The thought of being a cock sucking whore and humiliated by Gerhardt truly appealed to me. 

"Well now, what do you have there?"

I opened my eyes and spun my head around. It was Reiner. He stood there for a moment studying me and then slowly walked in my direction. He stood to my right as we kept eye contact before he broke it off honing in on my crotch. I followed his gaze and noticed that a thick bulge had formed in my jeans. I smiled weakly.

"Uhm, what are you thinking about?" Reiner lifted his thumb and forefinger and began rubbing his chin as if he were trying to read my thoughts. His eyes squinted and, "Perhaps about that cute girl Katja?" 

My weak smile failed me and my head betrayed me as I shook it from side to side. I opened my mouth to say something but nothing came out.

"No? Not Katja? Then it must be that old mean bitch Beate," Reiner's gazed hardened and was staring at me intently. I felt naked as if he could penetrate my thoughts. He stepped closer and placed his arms on the rock on each side of me, I was trapped. It appeared as if he was going to kiss me but he sniffed me instead. 

"You smell good." His nose found its way to my neck, now he was close. Intimately close and I felt as if my cock was going to explode through my pants. He whispered, "How was your shower last night? Or shall I say earlier this morning?"

I pulled back and sat there gawking, speechless. Our eyes met, Reiner's mouth grew into a lecherous grin and my jeans were wet from pre-semen. He stayed bent over me, his thick arms still holding me prisoner on the rock. I eased up a bit and got close to him again. This time I could feel his hot breath grazing my ear.

"Reach down and undo my pants!" He hissed sexily. 

I balked. 

"Do it you lil' whore!" there was that sexy hiss again.

This time I did as instructed with trembling but excited fingers. Clumsily the top button came undone and I quickly unzipped his fly. I reached in and felt the heat from his thick stiff cock! I jerked him with his underwear still on but I wanted to feel that velvety skin in my hand and more so in my mouth! Fumbling around I located the waistband and pulled them up, over and down. I could feel the elastic waistband tightly against the back of my hand as I grabbed his fat cock a bit too soon.

I pushed on Reiner's massive chest and he stood straight up. I quickly bent at my waist and gobbled him into my mouth. His cock was like his body, massive and very thick. What he lacked in length he definitely made up for it in thickness! Plus he was uncut and I nearly creamed in my pants as I savored the extra skin on his fat dick.

Reiner had pushed his pants and underwear down as far as he could and stood fully erect as I continued sucking him off. I reached around and grabbed his hard ass and pulled him closer to me.

"You're a good lil' whore, you like it don't you?" 

I moaned out deeply when he labeled me a whore and continued sucking his fat dick. I felt his meaty hand on the back of my head as he shoved his prick in and out of my mouth. I love the sensation of having my mouth fucked by a very thick cock! Reiner was really shoving his cock in hard when I heard a twig snap. Without taking his fat cock from my mouth, I looked to my left and saw Klaus quickly unzipping his pants!

I stretched out my arm and signaled him with my finger to join us. He started walking towards us after his hard cock was out and pointing the way to where I sat, hunched over still mouthing Reiner's dick. Klaus was not shy about standing next to Reiner as I reached for his cock which was approximately the same length as Reiner's but not as thick.

I spit on the head of Klaus' dick and then gobbled it into my mouth. He grunted loudly as I eagerly bobbed up and down. I pulled back and spit once again and quickly swallowed him all the way down, he grunted even louder this time. I slid back up off his cock and quickly deep throated his cock. 

"Fuck he's good at sucking dick!" 

I slowly pulled back but Klaus bucked against my retrieving mouth. I bobbed up and down a few more times before I turned my attention to Reiner's fat and waiting prick. I swallowed him down until his bulbous head was at the back of my throat. He wanted me to deep throat him but I knew his cock was too thick. Reiner had other ideas as he grabbed the back of my head with both hands and shoved his cock down my throat! My face was smashed up against his thick abdomen and I fought for air. I knew I was going to pass out as my head started spinning. I pushed against his stomach but he held my head firm! 

Suddenly without warning I felt the familiar twitch in my throat as Reiner unloaded thick glob after thick glob of cum down my throat. His grip loosened and I pulled back and a thick spurt of cum decorated my parted lips. I gasped for air. Breathing in deeply I slowly regained my senses, the spinning in my head stopped. Instinctively I wiped the tears from my eyes but no sooner had I wiped the drops another hot thick spurt nearly glue my eyes shut. It was Klaus jerking off on my face. 

"Open your mouth I want to cum in it!"

I couldn't see Klaus but I heard him. I opened my mouth and felt as he laid the soft head of his cock on my tongue. Squirt after hot, thick gooey squirt filled my slut mouth with Klaus' salty cum. I swallowed to keep up with his never ending flow of semen into my mouth. 

"More! I want more!" I begged like a wanting whore, needing more cum to fill my mouth, but the two guys giggled. My eyes were still closed and the thick stream of cum that kept them that way. 

A whispering hiss in my ear, "so, you want more sperm you lil' whore?" I knew it was Reiner. I nodded like a little a child wanting more candy. I felt Reiner's thick, sausage fingers in my shirt pocket pulling out my cigarettes. Klaus called for one as I sat there, eyes closed and cum on my face. I heard the flick of a lighter and then a cigarette shoved in between my lips. I took a deep drag and blew the smoke out through my nose. Reiner hissed a name in my ear and then stood up. The only sound was the crunching of fallen leaves and twigs under the weight of Reiner and Klaus' boots.