 I tossed and turned all night, not sleeping at all. Last night started out great, I thought I had made a new guy friend. Then we got to Tom's apartment and everything changed. I found myself sucking Tom's amazing cock. I had to admit that I really enjoyed having his cock in my mouth and throat. It felt so natural and to hear him moaning with pleasure and knowing it was me giving him pleasure. When he unloaded in my mouth I instinctively swallowed, savoring the taste. I never imagined cum would taste so good. 

I kept telling myself that it was a one time thing, I'm not gay, and sucking a cock one time doesn't make me a cocksucker, or does it? I'll never be able to say I've never sucked a cock again, that's for sure, and if I said I didn't love it I would be lying. I made an effort to put it out of my mind and started packing and getting ready for my four hour drive back to college. 

Just as I was finishing loading the car my phone rang. It was Tom. I didn't want to talk to him and let it ring. Then I had second thoughts and wanted to be sure last night would be our secret. I answered and Tom said he was glad to hear my voice and wanted to let me know not to worry about last night and he was hoping it wouldn't get in the way of our friendship. I said that was cool and I was glad to hear him say that. I told him I was just about to head back to college. He asked, since he was without a car if I would pick up some coffee and bagels and come by on my way out of town. I said sure and headed out, thinking last night was going to be a one time thing. 

He answered the door wearing only a pair of flannel sleep pants that looked like they were about to fall off his hips, showing off his awesome tanned chest and abs. I thought to myself this is going to be hard, keeping my eyes off his great body. I put the coffee and bagels on the table and sat down. I forgot to get cream and asked if he had any. He got up and walked over to the fridge to get it. As he walked back, I noticed his big cock swinging in his sleep pants. I pulled the bagels out and noticed they were toasted, but not buttered. I asked if he had any and he returned to the fridge to get the butter while I feasted on his great body, it was a site, and when he turned and started back to the table I couldn't take my eyes off his swinging cock which looked like it was growing. Was he teasing me? 

We finished eating and Tom picked up the wrappers and walked across the kitchen to throw them away. As he returned, I was sure he was getting an erection. He stopped a few feet away, and said that he noticed I couldn't keep my eyes off him, and asked if I wanted to suck his cock again. I said that it was a one time thing. He replied, once a cocksucker, always a cocksucker, and untied his sleep pants and they fell to the floor, exposing his fabulous cock. He stepped out of them and walked over to where I was sitting and put his cock in my face. I sat motionless as he rubbed his cock across my lips, over my face, and said you know you want to suck my cock, cocksucker, as he pushed he awesome cock between my lips and into my mouth. The site and taste of his cock was too much and I couldn't resist. I started to suck, bob and lick his cock, once again realizing how it felt so good, natural, to have his cock pumping in and out of my mouth, probing my throat, when he suddenly pulled out, leaving me wanting more. 

He jumped up on the counter, just like last night, and said get back to work, cocksucker. I stood up and stripped, grabbed the butter tray and put it on the counter next to Tom. I noticed I had a raging hardon from admiring his body and sucking his cock. I returned to sucking his cock and grabbed his legs, putting them on my shoulders. I stroked his cock and licked his balls and down to his asshole. I tongued his rosebud, pushing in and licking around. He started moaning that it felt great. 

I grabbed a pinch of butter and started rubbing it into his ass as I returned to performing my oral pleasures on his big cock. I inserted a finger in his ass and worked it in and out. He continued to moan, leaning back with his eyes closed. He was really enjoying my probing his ass. I inserted a second finger and continued to probe his ass as I sucked his cock. He was rewarding me with some delicious pre-cum. I pulled my fingers out of his ass, continuing to feast on his cock, and grabbed another pinch of butter and spread it on my hard cock. I stood up, holding his legs up on my shoulders, and positioned my cock at his asshole. He opened his eyes and had a surprised look on his face as I pushed my cock into his ass with a pop. He winced with pain as I moved slowly, each stroke going a little deeper until I was fully in his tight, virgin ass. He closed his eyes and was moaning as I pumped his ass, his hard cock bouncing on his stomach with each of my strokes. His ass was fantastic. I never had thought about fucking a man before, and never imagined it would feel this good. I continued to pump his ass and admire his masculinity, his muscles, his beauty. I realized I was experiencing an awakening, how two masculine men could join in hot, sensual pleasure. 

I continued to pump his ass, enjoying how tight, how hot how awesome it felt. I knew I'd be cumming soon. Tom was really starting to moan louder, and said " oh yea, fuck me, don't stop ", over and over. I was watching his expressions of lust and pleasure and I felt his ass start to convulse, squeezing my my cock as I continued to pump his ass. Without being touched, his big cock started shooting, the first wad hitting his chin, followed by shots on his chest and stomach. His ass squeezing my cock and watching him erupt all over himself was too much and I joined him in orgasm bliss, unloading deep in his ass. 

As my cock softened I pulled out and leanedover, licking and gently sucking his cock clean and dry. I then started licking his cum off his stomach and chest, saving the load on his chin for last. I licked his chin clean and then surprised his by kissing him, pushing my tongue into his mouth and giving him a taste of his own cum. We continued to explore each other's mouths with our tongues. He wrapped his arms around me and we passionately kissed for what seemed like forever, but ended too soon. 

I asked him if he enjoyed me fucking him, and he said he never thought about getting fucked, but had to admit it was his best orgasm ever. I told him he had a great ass and I enjoyed fucking him, too. I got dressed and said I had to go. He asked when I was going to be back in town as he wanted to see me again. I said I didn't know, and he pleaded with me to come back next weekend. I told him I'd think about it, but not to let anyone else get near his wonderful ass and cock, as they are mine. 

As I walked out to the elevator, I bumped into the same girl I had passed in the lobby the night before. She asked if I was at Tom's. I said yes, we're old football buddy's. She said she thought he was hot and had been trying to meet him, would I introduce them? The elevator door opened and we got on. Our eyes locked and I embraced her, kissing her deeply. The bell rang letting us know we were at the lobby and the doors opened. She looked at me as we walked out and said "you're a great kisser, but you taste like...no, no way". 

I walked to my car with a big, confident grin. What she wanted I had, if she only knew. And Tom was a much better kisser than her.