 PRELUDE

It was Sunday morning and Steve Harrison was standing in the bathroom taking his morning piss. He couldn't believe what he had done the past two days and even as he stood there urinating he was anxious to get back the bedroom. He had come to his friend's cottage for the weekend as a straight heterosexual man but Friday night his friend Cory Williams revealed that he was gay. Cory convinced Steve to have sex with him and for Steve it was some of the best sex ever. Cory loved Steve's impressive cock and Steve could not get enough of Cory's round shapely ass.

Steve finished urinating and he washed his hands thoroughly as he thought about the beautiful blonde haired Cory. Steve thought of him as beautiful because he looked too much like a girl to be called handsome. Cory was 5'6" tall and weighed a trim 150 pounds. He had long blonde hair that covered his neck and ears and he had an absolute killer ass. His legs were shapely and he truly looked like a girl from behind. As Steve pictured Cory on all fours, his cock stiffened once again.

Steve exited the bathroom and went back to the bedroom where last night they shared the same bed. He stroked his erection as he made the short walk and when he entered the bedroom he found Cory ready for action. Cory was on all fours with his head turned sideways on the mattress. His anus glistened with lubricant and Steve knew that he was ripe for the taking. 

Steve got on the bed behind his new lover and lined up his stiff dick with the entrance to Cory's ass. Steve entered Cory slowly relishing every second of the deliberate penetration. Cory cooed as the sizeable cock filled his rectum for yet another time that weekend. Steve caressed the lovely smooth buttocks as he marveled the hairless flawless skin. He fucked Cory slowly as he was in no hurry to cum. He loved being in his ass and watching his big dick slide in and out of the scrumptious bottom. 

Once Steve felt his release building in his scrotum he picked up the pace and drilled Cory's ass. His hips slapped against the curvy buttocks causing them to jiggle with each thrust. He felt his toes curl and his ball sac tighten just before he ejaculated into Cory's rectum. Cory squealed with delight when he felt the streams of semen shoot into him. He loved the way Steve came in him and filled his bottom. 

Steve thrust hard and remained pressed against Cory's buttocks as Cory used his sphincter to milk the seed from the rigid shaft. Steve caressed the lovely ass as he felt his cock squeezed dry. Steve remained hard and began to move again. Cory stroked his own cock as Steve resumed fucking him. It didn't take long before Cory was shooting his load on the bed sheets. He squeezed every drop from his cock and he too remained hard. They were both 22 years old and had incredible recuperative powers.

"Are you going to fuck me until you cum again?"

"I want to stay in your ass all morning. I want to see how many times I can cum without removing my cock from your sweet ass."

BECOMING FRIENDS

Steve and Cory both lived in the suburbs and worked in the city. They took the same bus each day to work and sometimes ended up on the same bus home. One day Cory sat next to Steve on the commute into the city and they hit it off. Steve liked chatting with Cory and Cory was enamored with Steve's physical appearance. 

Steve was a very fit young man who played tennis three to five times a week. He also worked out at his apartment complex gym and swimming pool. At 6'3" tall and 190 pounds he was the picture of fitness. Unlike Cory who had long blonde hair Steve had short brown hair

The two of them hit it off and Steve had no clue that Cory was gay. One day on the bus Cory asked Steve if he would like so spend a weekend at the family cottage upstate. The cottage was on a lake and they could go boating and fishing. There were also many hiking trails in the area and an abundance of wildlife. Steve thought it might be fun and agreed to join Cory at the cottage.

Cory picked Steve up at his apartment at 6:00 PM and they made the three hour drive to the cottage stopping for fast food along the way. On the trip up Cory learned more about Steve's life style. As they drove along Cory asked Steve a lot of questions about his social life.

"So Steve do you have a girlfriend?"

"No, I'm seeing a couple of girls on and off but nothing serious."

"Are you having sex with them?"

"Yeah, sometimes, I like to go clubbing too and I have picked up a couple of hot chicks. They have all been one night stands."

"So when you're not getting laid do you jerk off sometimes?"

"That's fairly personal but yes, sure I do, quite often I fact. I heard that it was healthy to ejaculate frequently. What about you?"

"Oh I do all the time too. When I'm not with someone, I like to cum."

At about 9:00 PM they arrived at the cottage and unloaded the car. They brought in their suitcases, food and supplies. Steve liked the quaint cottage.

"You can have that bedroom there and I'll sleep in this one. Want a beer?"

"A beer would be great," Steve accepted as he tossed his suitcase on the guest bed."

"We have two bedrooms and then the sofa pulls out so we can easily accommodate six people. We have a couple of air mattresses too just in case."

"Are you folks coming up this weekend?"

"No they were up last weekend with my older sister. We have the place to ourselves. I'm going to put on my sleep shorts and get comfy and I'll get those beers."

Steve quickly unpacked his suitcase and undressed. He put on his sleep shorts and he looked very studish in them. He joined Cory in the living room and accepted a cold beer. Cory nearly gasped when he saw Steve in just his sleep shorts. He was impressed with the muscular body and even more impressed with Steve's package outlined in his shorts. They sat in chairs opposite each other and toasted each other with the beers. Cory said he would put out some snacks and he went to the kitchen area. Steve watched Cory and he could not help but notice his curvy ass in the tight fitting sleep shorts.

Steve stared at his friend and admired him from behind. The striking thing was that Cory looked just like a girl with his back to Steve. He had lovely shapely legs leading up to his incredible ass. His waist was narrow and his blonde hair covered the nape of his neck. Steve thought that if Cory looked this could that his sister must be a knockout. Cory turned and returned with a bowl of chips. Steve noticed that Cory had a woody in his shorts but he did not say anything. Cory returned their conversation to the topic of sex.

THE SEDUCTION

"Steve, can I ask you something very personal?"

"I guess but I may not answer the question."

"Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass?"

"Yes a couple of times in college. This one girl named Bonnie loved it when I came in her ass."

"Have you ever had sex with a guy, a blow job or anal?"

"No, I haven't," Steve snapped.

"I was just wondering. I need to share something with you. I'm gay and I like guys."

"Is that why you invited me up here so that you could come on to me?"

"Partly but I do like you as a friend and enjoy your company. Would you let me suck your cock? If you don't like it I will stop immediately."

Steve thought about it as he was a little horny. He hadn't gotten laid that week and who would know if he let Cory suck him off. He might discover that he may even like it. "Cory, I'll let you but if I call it quits its over. Another thing, do not expect me to reciprocate, I am not into guys."

"Fair enough, now stand up by me."

Cory looked at Steve's crotch and he was please to see that Steve was getting an erection. He pulled Steve's shorts down purposely allowing the waistband to snag on Steve's cock. Cory smiled as Steve's big stiff cock bobbed in front of him as the sleep shorts were lowered. Cory guessed the cock to be over 7" long and 5" around. Steve could feel the warm breath on his pubes as Cory moved closer.

Steve just closed his eyes as Cory's lips kissed the engorged cock. Steve's body tensed as Cory's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Steve gasped as Cory's mouth engulfed his cock. Steve still struggled with the decision if he should let Cory blow him. Steve was horny and Cory's mouth felt good on his cock. Cory was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Steve ready to blow his load. Steve tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Cory caressed the back of Steve's legs and cheeks of his ass as Cory's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Steve's cock. Cory massaged the head of Steve's cock against the roof of his mouth. He encircled Steve's cock with his tongue and Steve felt the light scraping of Cory's teeth. Steve's dick felt harder, thicker and longer than it had ever felt in awhile and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Cory took Steve's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Steve's bloated balls. Cory then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Steve's balls. Cory tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Steve's pee slit. Cory had Steve close to cumming a few times. Cory seemed to know when Steve was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Steve in the process.

Cory looked up at Steve and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Are you ready to cum Steve"?

Steve had his eyes closed and he just shook his head to answer Cory. Cory then took Steve's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Steve hard. Cory reached under Steve's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Steve felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Steve this time. Cory grabbed Steve's ass cheeks with both hands as Steve exploded in his mouth. 

"Oh god, oh god," Steve exclaimed as he experienced one of the best blow jobs in his life. 

Steve fired round after round of cum into Cory's mouth and Cory sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Cory's mouth as Steve seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Steve stopped cumming in Cory's mouth. Cory sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Steve's dick. Steve felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the chair across from Cory. 

"Wow, you really were horny. Now I need to get off I am so fucking hot!" Cory said in an excited tone.

Steve watched as Cory lowered his sleep shorts, sat back on the chair and jerked off. Cory's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. Steve watched as Cory ejaculated. Cory shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled nearly two feet in the air before landing on his chest and abs. Cory seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Steve watched as Cory's body tensed and then relaxed as he fired his load. Cory looked over at Steve and saw that Steve had another boner. 

"Steve would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Cory asked sexily. 

"I don't know, I've never done that," Steve admitted shyly.

"You told me that you fucked a girl in the ass."

"Yes, a girl but never a guy."

"Trust me it's the same. An asshole is an asshole. I know you'll love it," Cory said convincingly and then added, "Let's go in the bedroom."

Cory did not wait for a response from Steve but headed to the bedroom. Cory's 5" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on his bed and raised his ass in the air. Steve looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Cory took something from the night stand and then reached back and prepared his asshole with some kind of lube. Steve then made up his mind to try to fuck Cory. 

"Here put this on your cock too," Cory whispered handing Steve the lube.

Steve took the lube and applied a generous amount to his own cock. Steve knelt behind Cory and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since that girl and now he was about to fuck a guy. Steve coated his dick making very slippery and then he eased into Cory's asshole. 

Steve was gentle with him allowing Cory to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Cory's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Steve held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Cory's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Cory had been butt fucked by other guys but never with a cock Steve's size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Steve's impressive dick in his ass. Cory felt Steve tense and then fill his ass with cum. Steve continued to fuck Cory's ass as cum backed out of Cory's asshole and ran down over Cory's balls. Cory fired a blast of cum onto the bed without ever even touching his own cock. Steve eased his soft cock out of Cory's ass and the two of them then flopped down on the bed and relaxed. 

Not a word was spoken between them as Steve contemplated what happened and what the future would hold. Steve still struggled with his inner feelings and mixed emotions. He had just fucked a guy and although he was not gay he had to admit that it was great sex. Cory had proven to be as skilled as any girl in oral and anal sex. Steve had to admit that it didn't seem any different getting a blow job from Cory or a girl. He also had to admit that it didn't seem any different fucking Cory's ass or a girl's ass. 

Looking at Cory lying face down with his lovely curvy ass on display, Steve stroked his cock into another erection. He kept staring at the curvy bottom the entire time he stroked his cock to hardness. He knew he would fuck Cory again that night and again the next day. He was already addicted to his sweet ass and anxious to get back in it. Steve moved behind Cory and lifted him by his hips. He pressed down on his lower back which really emphasized the shape of his hot ass. Steve moved closer and eased his cock back into Cory's bottom.

Cory had his head on the mattress turned to one side. He had a satisfied look on his face as things had worked out better than he ever expected. He cooed when the big dick filled his ass again and he savored every moment Steve was in him. Steve fucked him slowly and for a long time before he came again. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of the marvelous bottom. He liked caressing the smooth globes as he fucked Cory. Steve stiffened and shot another load in Cory's ass. They remained still for several moments before Cory flopped down on the bed. 

Steve looked down at the alluring ass and wished that he had enough to fuck it again but he was done and he knew it. He thought about staying in bed with Cory but then thought better of it. He slipped out of bed, located his sleep shorts and went into the guest room. He was tired and he went right off and slept soundly.

A MOST ENJOYABLE SATURDAY

Steve woke up with his bladder full and he had to take a piss. He went in the bathroom and relived himself. On his return to his bedroom he peeked in on Cory who was sleeping soundly. He looked at the alluring ass for a few minutes and he was tempted to join Cory in bed. He decided to let Cory sleep and he returned to the guest bedroom. Steve dozed off again and when he woke up later her heard Cory in the kitchen. He got out of bed and checked on his host.

Steve stood in the kitchen and watched as Cory moved around the counter making coffee and preparing breakfast items. Steve's eyes were fixated on Cory's sweet round ass encased in his tight sleep shorts. He still couldn't believe that he had actually fucked that sweet ass the night before. Now he stared at it as it undulated under the snug fabric, he felt his cock stiffen in his shorts. Unable to resist the allure of Cory's bottom, Steve closed the distance between them.

Steve moved close to Cory and reached out with both hands to cup the lovely buttocks. Cory flinched at first and then relaxed as Steve massaged the firm round globes. Cory cooed and leaned back into Steve as his hands slipped inside the shorts and fondled the bare flesh. Cory reached behind him and located Steve's hard cock straining in the shorts. 

Steve pushed Cory's shorts down and they slid all the way to his ankles. Cory stepped out of his shorts as Steve removed his own. Not a word was spoken between them. Steve moved in closer and let his cock rest in the crack of Cory's ass. Cory moved his butt up and down using his buttocks to massage the stiff dick. Steve couldn't wait any longer as he just had to fuck the pretty young gay again. Cory scooped some margarine out of the tub and used it to lubricate his anal passage. He also coated Steve's cock with it.

Steve used his saliva to make his cock even slicker before he pressed forward and let it sink into Cory's receptive ass. Cory leaned forward and arched his back causing his ass to look even more appealing. Steve sunk his cock all the way in and then retreated keeping just the head in, being careful not to let it slip out. Steve continued his slow steady fucking motion until he felt his imminent ejaculation. 

He pulled out and sprayed his load all over Cory's buttocks and then using his still stiff cock he pushed the semen around on the bare bottom. Scooping some up with his cock head he moved it to Cory's anus. Steve then pushed his cock back into Cory's ass and let the sphincter milk it dry. They remained coupled together with Cory leaning over the counter.

"Well now Steve, you have certainly come a long way since our arrival on Friday," Cory said softly and then suggested, "Let's take a quick dip in the lake and then we'll have breakfast." 

The two of them put on their swim suits and jumped in the lake. The cool water woke them up and they swam for about 15 minutes before they decided to head back to the cottage. They dried off and changed clothes. Cory cooked bacon and eggs as Steve set the table and made toast. After breakfast they cleaned up the kitchen and prepared to go out on the boat. Cory drove them around the lake shore line pointing out different spots of interest. They didn't bring the fishing gear as the sky was overcast and the smell of rain was in the air.

After about two hours on the lake Cory said that they should head back in. "The sky is looking pretty ominous over there. We better start back."

Cory took the most direct line back to the boat dock. They tied up and covered the boat and just made it into the cottage when the skies opened up. They made sure all the cottage windows were closed and Steve decided to taka a shower. He relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Cory and how good it was to fuck his ass. Steve loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Steve convinced himself that it was no different being with Cory than with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. After the lengthy soothing shower, Steve dried himself off and walked back into the guest bedroom. To his surprise Cory was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Cory had his own cock and balls tucked between his legs out of Steve's view. Steve felt his cock twinge as he looked at Cory's hot ass. With Cory's body being delicate, hairless and flawless, he really did look like a girl in that position.

"Steve, I would like you to fuck me again," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Steve's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Cory and began to caress Cory's beautiful ass. Cory handed Steve the tube of lube and asked Steve to get his ass ready. Steve put an ample amount of lube in his hands and rubbed it all around Cory's bung hole. Then Steve inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Cory's ass for another ass fuck. Steve sawed his fingers in and out of Cory's anus and Steve was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Cory's shapely ass one more time. Steve moved closer to Cory and lined up the head of his cock with Cory's anal opening. Steve eased his big dick into Cory's ass.
