 I received a reply from on of my readers. He said his name was Raul and he had to meet me. I don't normally hookup with men from online, but Raul was adamant. I wrote back and told him I was a bottom. Raul said that was perfect. I hadn't had man sex in some time and I caved in. Raul was four hours from where I lived. We decided to meet half way. On Friday I drove to a motel we chose and Raul was waiting for me in the parking lot. 

Raul was on the short side with black hair. He came over to me and kissed me on the lips.

"I have been dreaming about this," he told me. 

We checked in and got to our room. We barely got inside and Raul was all over me. He pushed me over to the bed and started to undress me. It took just minutes before we were both nude. Raul was average cock length, but his dick was so thick. I was thinking how I was going to take his cock. We both got onto the bed and we did a sixty-nine position. I had Raul's dick deep down my throat. He was pumping deep into my mouth. I thought I would cum from all the attention he was giving me, but Raul pulled away.

He had me get onto my back. He spread my legs and he started to lick up and down my crack. God, I was getting so turned on. Raul also sucked on my ball sacs and he worked his mouth all over my hole. After some minutes Raul pulled back. He took hold of my legs and pushed them towards my chest.

"Where is your condom?" I asked.

I had told him up front that I only fuck with a rubber.

"I forgot to bring them," he told me.

Damn, Raul was getting ready to push into me. Against my better judgment I let him go ahead. I soon felt his mushroom invading my hole. I was so damn tight. It took awhile for Raul to get inside me the whole way. Once he had his cock buried in me he began to fuck my ass. Raul seemed to only know one speed...fast. He was ramming my tight bottom as hard as he could. I felt his big balls hitting my cheeks as he took my ass.

I watched as Raul made me his bitch. His cock felt so good sliding deep into my hole. Raul was an animal in bed. He grunted and moaned as he stretched my hole with his thick member. I don't know how long we went at it that first time. I seemed like hours. Raul finally stopped and his body tensed up. I felt his sticky load shooting into my belly. I used my ass muscles to milk that fat cock dry. 

Raul finally went soft. He pulled his spent dick out. I could see cum leaking from the tip of his prick. Raul then climbed up onto my chest. His dick was just inches from my face. He told me to open up for him. I don't usually do such a thing, but I was so horny still. Raul slid his dick into my mouth and I took him down my throat. I could smell our love scents as I cleaned him with my mouth. Raul seemed to have more stored up still. He shot a small amount of cum into my mouth.

Raul did pull out and we were both on the bed together. Raul kissed my mouth and he licked some of his cream from my lips. This was just the beginning of our lovemaking. Once Raul recovered he had me get on all fours. I felt his dick slide into my bottom again. Raul had his hands on my hips and he took my ass. This time was smoother. I still had his load inside me. Raul probably fucked me for over an hour. He ended up blasting me with another load.

This was just a preview of our weekend together. I lost count after six or seven times that I took a load of cum in my ass from Raul. I knew how stupid I had been. I didn't know Raul and he had taken me the entire weekend with his bare cock. Sunday morning came and we fucked one last time. I mounted Raul and he drove his rod into my greedy ass. I bounced up and down as Raul brought his hips up and filled me. I don't know how he did it. Raul had a final large load of his cream that he gave me. 

We got cleaned up and as we left our room Raul made me promise we would meet again. As I got out to my car, I could barely sit down. My ass felt so raw from the numerous fuckings I took that weekend. I did get home and my ass is continuing to empty out from all that seed Raul gave me. I did reach down and felt some blood around the rim of my hole. I only hope that nothing is wrong. I do know I have Raul on my thoughts still. I expect we will meet once more and he will fuck me again.