 Every single night, I have basically the same dream. Not exactly the same each time, but the same premise. It always somehow centers around my best friend, Kenton. Kenton and I have been friends for a very long time. We do everything together, and everyone knows that we are practically inseparable. What he didn't know was that I was deeply, madly, truly, and insatiably in live with him. I could never bring myself to tell him that, but I always kind of hoped that he felt the same way but was afraid to say it and that one day the R&J complex would take its curtain call and we would just know it was meant to be.

I'm Andrew. 25 years old, single, bi, tall, dark, and generally good looking. Kenton is also tall, pale, but not in a Swedish kind of way, muscular, and oh-my-god-sexy covered in tattoos. We live a few towns apart, but we see each other all the time. We will crash at each other's house, or go out of town to see someone and crash at their place. We go out every weekend, and we just have a lot of fun together.

This last weekend, on a Friday night, was no exception. We went to Cunningham's downtown and had some drinks. We got crazy and loud like we always do, and it was a blast. Since we had more than enough to drink, I told him he should crash at my place and not chance driving home. Like usual, there was no hesitation. So, we went back to my place, stopping at McDonald's on the way. As per usual, we collapsed on my couch and turned on television. We brought up YouTube, and found a long compilation of vines. 

After a bit, he got up and went to the bathroom. When he came back out, he called my name and told me to look. I looked up just to see him with his dick hanging out his zipper, shaking it. This was also pretty usual, so I chimed in with my usual response. "Shake it three times, and you're playing with yourself". 

"Ya, that's fun and all, but why don't you play with it for me?"

I didn't know what to say. At first, I wasn't sure I heard him right. Then, I was sure I had heard it right, and that he was kidding around like usual. I just stared at him with a blank look on my face. You know, the look where its obvious your mouth is going dry and you are clearly in shock or something.

"You heard me right. I know you want to, and obviously I want you to. So get over your fake innocence and suck my dick." At that point, I'm sure I looked like one of those gazelles jumping over a log or fence on the discovery channel. I was over the couch that was between us in about 0.5, hands wrapped behind his knees, eyes locked with me on my knees. I kept that eye contact with him as he put his hands on the back of my head. He pulled me in so slowly, and closed his eyes in pleasure as his cock head slide across my tongue. I am not a whore, but I've had my share of cock sucking experience. I am pretty talented at it, so without any hesitation, I got the plump end if his 8.5 inch meat firmly planted in the back of my throat and his huge nuts nestled against my chin.

I could feel him quiver a bit. I could feel his grip on my head tighten. I watched him open his eyes again and look directly back into mine. "I have been waiting for years to get you on my dick, Andrew. I can't wait to fuck you!" I gave the best nod that I could to show my approval, considering I had a huge dick in my mouth. I remembered trying to swallow his dick while still trying to figure out if I had dozed off and was dreaming. But, much to my pleasure, I wasn't dreaming. 

I started to move my hands up his thighs, and grabbed onto his tight muscular ass cheeks. It was all I could do to keep myself from digging my nails in and ramming my throat down repeatedly on his rock hard pole. I could feel his meat pulsing in my throat, and his fingers running through my hair. He was moaning and bucking his hips, pulling my head as close as possible. I felt his ass tense, and he grabbed my hand, pulling to his mouth. He started to suck on my fingers while I continued to relish every single inch of his cock. I could taste pre cum. And as much as I wanted his juice bursting in my mouth, I knew I wasn't ready yet. I pulled back and allowed his gorgeous cock to fall from my lips. 

"I hope you realize that by taking my dick out of your mouth, I'm going to fuck you till you can't stand, and you are begging me to stop!" Kenton said.

"Well then I hope you are staying the weekend, because I have been dreaming of you inside me for as long as I can remember, and I won't be asking you to stop until I'm dying."

Kenton lifted me up by my arms, brought me in tight, and lifted me to his waist by my ass as I wrapped my legs around him. He kissed me so deeply, so passionately that by the time he lay me down on the bed, I hadn't realized we had moved. He leaned down over me, continuing to kiss me with such heat. I could feel his pressure at my hole as I realized he had grabbed the lube and was working a finger in me. He pulled away from me, but never broke eye contact.

"I want to look into your eyes as I work my cock into you. I want to see every feeling you experience. I want you to feel me."

I simply nodded. He took this as every sign that he needed to enter my hole. He pushed my knees back and I swung my legs to rest on his shoulders. He put himself at my tight entrance and applied just enough pressure to get the head inside of me. He put his hands on my thighs and pulled towards himself. He looked me in the soul. It was like he could feel exactly how I felt. He let me adjust, waiting for me to give signal that I could take more.

With nigh a nod, we was pushing against me, sliding himself into me until it would go no further. I could tell that he wanted so badly to tear into me, fucking me to his climax, but he wanted me to be ok.

"Okay, I'm ready. I want you to fuck me till I am dripping in your cum."

instantly, his face changed. I could still see the care and passion in his eyes, but there was something else there, too. Something animalistic and carnal. I could feel his fingers tighten, his penis slide all the way from my hole. I braced myself, just as he slammed himself all the way back in. I knew I was in for a ride. And though I wanted it so bad, I knew I wouldn't be able to end it if I did want to. It was like a engine had been started. His cock was pistoning into me with so much force, his balls were audibly slapping against the small of my back. I opened my eyes to see that he wasn't looking at me any more. He was watching his manhood glide in and out of my hole, and feeling every clench of my ass. 

Kenton snapped back to my gaze, and realized he had zoned. He told me how tight my ass was, and how amazing it felt to have me clench my muscles around his dick with every thrust. He asked me to ride him, take it at my pace for a while. He pulled his glistening penis from my hole. I instantly felt empty. I had to have him back inside of me. He lay on the bed and looked up at me. I kneeled down with a knee on either side of him. I scratched down his body, and kneaded his pecs while I positioned myself. Lowering my ass, I decided I need all of him at once. As I took his entire length in, he held his hands up. I grabbed onto them, twining my fingers into his. This was the connection I needed. I used his hands as a brace for myself, and I started to ride his cock like it was what I was born for. I slammed myself down on it, doing all I could not to scream in pleasure. His eyes closed as he moaned louder and deeper. 

I turned my body around in his cock so I could face the other way. The mirror on my wall held exactly the view i had hoped for. I could see his balls, and his shaft. I could see it disappear into my hole with every move. I was in pure ecstasy. This was everything I always wanted. After a few more minutes of this, we both knew he was about to explode. I lifted my body from his, allowing him to get up. He stood at the end of the bed, hand to the back of my head pulling me towards his cock. I again began to suck on his cock, swallowing every inch of his dick while stroking my own. A minute or so, and I could feel it building. His cock bulged larger, his balls lifted and twitched, his groans became guttural. Shot after shot of his cum entered my mouth. I kept sucking, I didn't want to lose a single drop. as I savored the taste and swallowed his fluid, I began to climax as well. I shot so hard, I hit my mirror which was probably 5 feet away. 

I sat there looking up at him. He looked back straight into my eyes. I had no clue what to do now. It had been amazing, and I loved every second of it, but I didn't want it to be done, I wanted more of his cum in my mouth. I wanted more of his cock in my hole, filling me full with his meat.

"Lets go to bed, Andrew. We can talk about this in the morning."

I climbed up into bed, him right behind me. He cuddled up against my back and out his arms around me. Kenton fell asleep pretty fast, but I couldn't do much but think of how lucky I had just been. I got exactly what I wanted, and he had enjoyed it. Now, the man of my dreams was holding my naked body tight against his. I did finally fall asleep, and had nothing but dreams repeating the night over and over. 

The light was the first thing that woke me in the morning. I Hadn't opened my eyes yet, but I could feel it, and see the glow through my eyelids. All of a sudden, I feel kenton raising my leg as I lay on my side. I feel his lubed finger enter my hole and loosen me up. I open my eyes and turn my neck to look at him.

"You never begged me to stop, so I'm not done fucking you."

With a sudden thrust, he slammed his entire length into me. I groaned in pleasure and approval, which was all he needed to hear. He fucked me this way till I thought I was going to fall from the bed. I backed up against him, and with his cock never leaving my hole, got on all fours and burying my face into my pillow.

"Fuck me harder, Kenton. Fuck me as hard as you can!"

With That, he plowed into me. He grabbed my waist and he railed my hole so hard, I actually cried a little. It was amazing. He fucked me for what seemed like hours, never slowing or stopping. All of a sudden, he screams in pleasure, and I feel shot after shot of his hot load spraying into me. He apologized for cumming in my hole with no warning, and proceeded to tongue my ass, licking all the cum out he could as I moan and squirm. Then he climbed back up beside me, turned me towards him and again kissed me so passionately I could cry.

"I think i will stay the weekend." He said.

"I think I will burn your clothes!"