 Please note that the beginning of this story will make sense if you read part one: Weekend with Kenton - Friday




"I like those pants, damnit." Kenton said, before embarking on a silence that seemed endless. "Get dressed. I'm taking you to breakfast."

I smiled, not really realizing I had reacted. The fact that he still wanted to be around me after all this at least meant he wasn't weirded out. I pulled open my top dresser drawer to grab some clean underwear, but realized I had had a pretty hard workout there and probably didn't want to go to breakfast smelling like beer and sex. So, instead I reached for the laundry basket of clean clothes I had put on the chair by my dresser. Kenton saw me grab a towel, got up, and followed me to the bathroom. 

My shower isn't the smallest, but it is definitely not a walk in shower. Regardless, Kenton got into it, then pulled me in after him. He put his hands to either side of the small of my back and drew his lips to mine. I melted. Fumbling around behind him, I managed to turn the shower on and adjust it a bit. My mind was reeling. I had been in love with this man for how long now? And I knew then and there that I shouldn't read too much into the situation, but he was there. Naked. In my shower. Kissing me more deeply than any other I had ever known. 

Before I knew what was going on, Kenton was soaping my body. Not really in one of those porno scenes, 'I'm going to soap you up, bend you over, and fuck the shit out of you' kind of ways. It was more of a gentle, 'I care about you, and want you to feel it', kind of ways. We lingered in the shower far longer than we should have, but I couldn't get enough of his tongue on mine. I couldn't get enough of him biting onto my bottom lip and holding my body so tight. We did, though, manage to get out of the shower and get dressed. 

For being late morning, the restaurant seemed pretty empty. But, this is a military and college town. On the weekends, it usually seems pretty deserted. We got our usual table, back in the corner booth. We are usually loud and obnoxious to the point they want to keep us away from the other diners...then again, we are usually drunk when we go in. 

"What now, Andrew?"

"Well, I think I'll get grapefruit juice and biscuits and gravy."

"Dude, I fucking railed your ass last night, and you are going to skip straight to the menu?" Kenton exclaimed, rather loudly.

"I'll just give you two a little bit with those menus, ok?" Said our waitress.

We both just kind of stared in her general direction and started laughing.

"That isn't one of those awkward, out of context things. You literally just made that old woman blush and walk away." I kind of snort/laughed.

"Ya, well, you started it with you damned grapefruit juice!" Kenton looked like he was going to cry in an effort to stop laughing.

"Kenton. I'm a big boy. Obviously, you figured out that I might have other feelings for you. You were horny and drunk. If that's how you want this to go down in history, then ill keep myself in check. I've managed it so far. Its in your court." It was the most level headed thing I could come up with. I wasn't completely sure I meant it, but its what sounded right.

"Andrew, I'm glad it happened. I have been trying to convince myself for a long while that I needed to tell you that I felt. Something. Something more than friendship towards you. And, if you feel that same way, then I don't think we should ignore it."

At that second is where Gloria came back to the table. She looked at us both and made those eyes at us that grandparents make when their grandchildren accomplish something awesome. She has been our waitress nearly every weekend for two years now. "Damn it, you two. I've been waiting for this for ever. I knew you two would end up together some day!" I don't think either of us spoke. I know, for sure, that I ordered my food with a series of pointing and nodding.

I felt his hand move onto my knee. His gaze caught me directly, and I knew he was serious. I couldn't react. I didn't know how. He was telling me these things. They were exactly what I wanted to hear, exactly what I wanted to say myself the entire time. I have this curse of being an emotional guy. Don't get me wrong, I'm a guys guy, for sure. But, when too much is happening, sometimes a break down. It started. My eyes were watering. My breath was erratic. But, Kenton surprised me. Just as the first tear broke stride and ran down my face, Kenton swung around onto my side of the booth, scoot in next to me, and out his arm around me. I didn't know why I was crying, maybe it was because I was happy. Maybe it was the time we had wasted so far by not being open with each other.

Next thing I know, his finger is lifting my chin to meet his eyes again. He leaned in and kissed me. Nobody else was in there, but he didn't care anyway. He kissed me soft and hard and with passion, all at the same time. He knew every move I wanted him to make. Kenton gave me, by far, the biggest butterflies I had ever had. Fuck butterflies, it was god damned elephants parading in my stomach. 

Kenton went back to his side of the table just as our food came. Most of the time we sat there, we sat in silence. There were long glances at each other. There were long glances at our plates. Then, he put his foot by mine and rubbed my leg. Again, I felt like I was melting. This man sat in front of me. Usually it was shenanigans and a course, wild exterior. But now he seemed different. It was like he was doing all of these things before to stop himself from tackling me to the ground and kissing me with every fiber of his soul. I wasn't sure I could contain myself much longer. 

Gloria came over, cleared our plates, and lay down our ticket with nothing but a smile. I know Kenton had said he was going to take me to breakfast, but I was so happy and excited, I couldn't let him. So, I snatched the ticket first. Before flipping it over, I noticed red writing on the back. "I was rooting for you two!" I flipped over the ticket, and Gloria had zeroed it out. All it said was "have a great day!" We smiled at each other, and in our fashion, left her a $20.00 tip and ran away before she could yell at us for it. 

When we got into his car, I couldn't help but put my hand on his knee while he started the car and started driving. After he got into drive, he grasped my hand in his and told me he loved me. He told me that he had known it for a long time, but didn't want to ruin our friendship by telling me and me not feeling the same. I was still caught off guard, but I told him that i had the exact same sentiments. I couldn't be happier that we had both felt the same way, and that it came about by taking a drunken chance. 

After pulling up to my place, we just sat in the csr and looked at each other. My eyes flickered, and his matched, "bedroom?" We both said at exactly the same time. We instantly opened our doors, racing to my front door, I hit the door first, him crashing into me. Why I thought we would make it all the way to the bedroom, I have no idea. He grabbed my neck, pushing my body up against the door, meeting my lips with his as the door latched into place. I could only move inches, but I couldn't imagine leaving his embrace. Slowly, my hands were drawn above my head. He brought them together, and held them with one hand. His kiss was passion to the point of a primitive fix. With his free hand, my belt became his focus, fumbling with its closure. As he got it free, he went for my button. I tried to move forward, to turn this around on him, but he only kissed me harder and pushed me back against the door.

In a matter of seconds, he had my pants undone, and pushed to the ground. His hand had completely enveloped my sac, my semi-erect penis hanging out over the side of his hand. He broke contact with my lips, kissing my neck, then my collarbone, sternum, and finally my nipples. With a hand on either wall supporting myself in the small hall from my door, I braced myself as his attention to my balls became tender, warm, and introducing his tongue. He took them, with some difficulty, into his mouth. Caressed my balls with his tongue, then eased them out of his mouth one at a time. I nearly fell over in ecstasy when he began to nibble and bit my scrotum.

Kenton abandoned my sac to give attention to the now rigid pole I was sporting. Alternating between running his tongue up the underside and biting at the soft skin surrounding my head, I was in a whirlwind of pleasure. I couldn't take anymore. I pushed him away, determined to get him to the couch and pleasure his cock the way he had been mine. We got the the couch, but that is all the farther my mission succeeded. Kenton pushed me over the arm of my sofa, dropped to his knees, and began to spread my firm ass apart. At first, he was merely extending an index finger and teasing my clenched hole, but before too long, I could feel his stubbly face against my skin and his moist tongue flicking against it. I was just short of trembling when his tongue entered my now relaxing sheath. I reached back and locked my fingers in his hair, moaning with approval as it stabbed in and out of me. 

I knew that Kenton was enjoying my ass, I had heard him tell me oh so many times about this being his favorite thing with the girls he would fuck around with. But, I needed more. Being as forceful as I could without hurting him, nor breaking the silence, I pulled his face from between my cheeks by his hair. I turned my neck and instantly caught his gaze. He had a hunger in his eyes that was borderline frightening. I knew at that very second that I had better brace myself, scratches down my back were met with an intense pressure at my entrance. He was in. Oh, god, was he in! All the way in a single thrust. It was both painful and carnal at the same time. I arched my back and neck. Kenton took this opportunity to latch the palm of his hand around the front of my throat. 

He was feeling my blood pump through me, watching my neck and body pulse. He thrust into me with such ferocity. His own sac was smashing against mine, hips colliding with my ass, abs hitting my lower back. If I had been any less if a solid mass, I know he would have fucked his way right through me. As it was, my sofa was nearly 2 feet off from where we began, and it is not a lightweight sofa. 

Kenton was beginning to slow, but I knew he wasn't ready to come yet. He withdrew his still throbbing cock from me, walked past me, and sat on the couch, slouching his back. I saw the opportunity, as I'm sure was intended, to straddle him face to face. As I straddled him, I lined my loosened hole up with his fat member. I lowered myself onto him, settling at the base of his cock. He looked at me, as if he saw all the way into my soul, as I lowered my mouth to his. I started to ride him slowly, so as to not break my lip locked embrace with him. After a few moments, neither of us could take it. I arched my back away from him a bit, and rode that cock like one of those spring toys at the playground. He let out the most guttural moan I've heard in my life, threw his arms around me to hold me close to his body as he started to pump his cock into me more ferociously than ever. Shot after shot of his cum fired deep into me. I could feel myself being filled with his warm liquid. 

Even as he unleashed the last volley of cum into me, I continued to slowly ride him. I could feel his cock churning his juices inside of me. I wrapped my hands around his head and re-engaged the energized kissing he had seemed to bring out in me. As I continued to ride him, and let his lips explore my own, I felt something else. There was a twinge, then a tickle. I, practically against my will, arched my back just in time for my own explosive orgasm. I had never before experienced a hands free orgasm, but I moaned and nearly cried of pleasure as my own cum shot out with such force that most of it was landing on Kentons face and lips. He licked his lips and smiled at me. I leaned in to help him with the cleaning if his lips when he suddenly grabbed me again. With long, deep strokes, he climbed that mountain again, blasting my insides with another set of hot sprays of semen. 

This time, when Kenton was done unloading his seed deep inside me, his cock softened, leaving my hole with a plopping sound and shrinking back like a shy intruder. I had just had some of the most intense sex I had participated in, yet the absence of any speaking didn't seem unusual at all. We continued this trend as we both stood. He took my hand and began to lead me, I wasn't sure if he was going to lead me to the shower, or my bed, or where. He grabbed the remote as we passed the coffee table, and to my surprise, he turned on my cd player. He led me behind the sofa, where there was a fairly ample amount of clear space, wrapped his arms around me, and started to dance slowly with me. There we stand, early afternoon, naked, sweaty and exhausted, slow dancing to one of my favorite modern cello pieces. Of all of the sweetness and sexiness, and passion in this single moment, his next four words are what made me cry: "I've never been happier."