 It had been a month since my first experience with a man. I know, I was a late starter - waiting until my mid 30's to begin experimenting. Judge me as much as you want. I'm OK with that. And, even then, it was pretty much by chance. But I liked it. A lot. Being a married man, with a wife who was perpetually horny, I never really had a whole lot of reason to go out of my way and satisfy my curiosity. 

Mind you, I knew for years that I was curious about having sex with a man. Sometimes I'd slip on a pair of sexy panties before running around town on errands. I secretly hoped that another man would spot them peeking above my jeans as I was bending over to pick something up. Or maybe as I was lowering my pants in the bathroom they would spy my panties and take interest. And then, well, you get the idea... Well, my first time with a man didn't exactly work out like that, but this isn't that story.

I had hoped that after my first encounter he would want a repeat performance and call, or email - or hell, even send up smoke signals. After all, he was the first to take my ass. I was too shy to show up at his door again, looking for more and begging for his hard cock. Hell, I reasoned, he was straight and he was probably regretting the whole thing. But that didn't make me feel any better or satisfy my craving any more. So, I spent the month wondering if I'd ever have another shot at being in another man's arms. After all, it had taken me that long to find a man to fill me for the first time, so how long would it be until another did? Would it ever happen again?

Then I got lucky. My wife surprised me on a Friday night by telling me she was taking off to her sisters place for the weekend. I knew I had to find another man. Just to see, I reasoned, if it was something I really craved, or something that I just fantasized about. 

Pretty much the moment she was out the door, I jumped online and started writing a Craigslist ad. I didn't know how else to find a man in a hurry, and I didn't want to waste a moment of my rare freedom. 

I didn't really know the rules for placing an ad, and my first two were rejected. My third try was me quickly explaining that I was 5' 10" MWM, long haired, 140 pounds, in my 30's, a bottom and looking for someone DD free. Oh, and that I couldn't host. Beyond that, I can't remember what was finally accepted.

The first email that hit my inbox caught my attention in a hurry. It instructed me to go stand in front of the grocery store in my neighborhood. I was to be there exactly at 8 o'clock and wear a black t-shirt while pretending to check my phone. I emailed back, as quick as I could, that I would be there. No sense in over thinking it and losing my nerve, right?

On the drive over, my hands were literally shaking. What was I doing? The email did not have picture. It didn't even have a description of the man that I would be meeting. All I know is I was supposed to put myself on display while a complete stranger checked me out and decided if I was good enough to take home. And, somehow, I was completely OK with that. I tried not to wonder if I would even find him attractive. 

Stepping out of my car, I glanced around the parking lot. Nothing looked out of place and I didn't see anybody sitting in a car watching. With as much confidence as I could muster, I walked to the front of the store. Leaning against the rack of carts, I pretended to check my text messages.

From time to time, I'd glance up and casually look around, but I still didn't see anybody watching. After about five minutes, I began to have second thoughts. It was probably some creep who got off on making me wait. Nobody had made a move to drive up to me or to even say hello as they walked past. Resigned that the night was quickly becoming a bust, I started walking back to my car.

Just as I was about to step off of the curb, a black Escalade pulled up alongside me. The passenger window rolled down, and from the shadows, a voice said, "So, you still want to do this?"

I tried to peer into the darkness, but still act cool. "Sure. Where we headed?"

"Follow me." And, with that, the passenger side window rolled back up. I took my time walking over to my car, hoping to not look too desperate, and climbed in. 

I took a deep breath. It was now or never. I hadn't even gotten a good look at the man, and I was about to go back to his place. Would he touch me? Would he fuck me? Maybe he was just wanting to rob me and wasn't interested in sex at all... A million thoughts raced through my head. What little glimpse I had of him, he seemed like maybe he is was in his late 30's or early 40's, but even that was a guess. What would I tell the cops if he was about to rob me? Black Escalade. Yeah, that would help catch him. Sure. 

I started up my engine anyway. I was that horny.

The Escalade led me to a nearby neighborhood. One that I had often jogged through on my early morning runs. The houses all looked the same. They all had the same tile roofs and, in lieu of grass, everybody had rock gravel in the front yard. Welcome to cookie-cutter Scottsdale, I chuckled to myself. 

A couple of turns later, the SUV pulled into a driveway that looked like every other driveway in the neighborhood. I parked on the street, and slid out into the night air. I made a point to not glance around and look for danger. I think I pulled it off pretty well. 

My new friend went straight to the the front door. He stepped inside and told me to hang on for a moment while he disarmed the alarm. A few beeps later, he beckoned me into him home, his figure still swathed in shadow. I crossed the threshold, almost expecting to be beaned on the head by someone hiding behind the door.

I was completely relieved when I walked in and nothing bad happened. I was horny as hell, and it was looking like this was going to be exactly what I needed.

"Follow me. You'll be more comfortable in the bedroom," he said. He led the way, the house still dark and mysterious. We walked down the hallway as I gained confidence with each and every step. I was getting a better look at my man now. I could tell he was in his late 30's, with a touch of hispanic blood. His hair was thick and wavy and his shoulders looked strong. I could feel my cock begin to swell as I followed him into the bedroom.

The moment he entered the room, he began stripping off his clothes. His shirt hit the floor first. He bent over as he pulled off his pants, giving me a look at his muscular ass. No underwear, I noticed. He had come to check me out without bothering to put underwear on. Deep in the recesses of my mind, I found that super erotic. I knew I wanted to pleasure this man - this mysterious stranger that just came and found me in the parking lot of a grocery store and took me home. This stranger that I was about to give myself to and experience my slutty side with. The side of myself that I've held in darkness way too long...

He sat down on the bed, his clothing discarded on the floor. I wasn't ready to get completely naked, but I still took my shirt off. Leaning forward, I put my arms on his shoulders and felt his strong muscles beneath my hands. I took a good look at him, and realized he was as gorgeous as I had hoped. He gave me a sly grin as he watched my eyes look him over.

"Just the kind of bottom I like," he said as he leaned back on the bed. His cock wasn't hard yet, but it already looked like it was going to be way thicker than mine. I started to get down on my knees so I could inhale his scent but he stopped me.

"Hang on," he said. He reached over and grabbed a pillow off of the bed. He dropped it on the floor in front of me. "For your knees," he said.

I could only smile.

Sinking down onto the pillow, I leaned forward. My one and only other time with a man, I never had a chance to take him into my mouth. He had only wanted one thing - that thing being my ass. He hadn't really cared about what I wanted, but had still given me enough of what I needed to fill my dark desires. But here I was, finally getting to do what I had craved for so, so long.

I opened my mouth and leaned forward. My tongue grazed his cock and I saw it jump slightly at my touch. Looking up, I saw his eyes closed tightly as he waited for me to continue.

My own cock began to swell as I ran my tongue up and down his cock. Part of me wanted to just jump right in and suck him until his cum ran down my throat, but I held back. I wanted to enjoy giving my first blowjob.

I cupped his balls with my hand. They felt more heavy and more swollen than my own. They were nearly twice the size as mine as well. I knew they would have a huge load waiting for me at the end. At least I hoped so...

My man reached down and pushed the hair out of my face. His eyes were open now, watching me as my tongue circled his cock. I opened my mouth wide and took him in.

He felt different than I had expected. It was softer and smoother than I had imagined. But the cock was growing as it was in my mouth, the softness giving way to the firmness that I needed. I pulled my head back slightly letting my tongue circle the head before plunging back down.

I felt myself gag slightly as I pushed down too quickly. It wasn't as easy as it looked on the porno movies. I wanted be a slut - a slut who could take anything a man could give. But try as I might, I wasn't quite ready for that. So, I backed off and let my tongue do the work.

He let out a quiet moan. His eyelids fluttered and he rocked back and forth. First leaning forward as if to grab me, then back as if he needed to relax. Back and forth. Back and forth. The power that I held over my new man was amazing. Now I knew why women could wrap a man around their finger so easily... Pleasure a man's cock and he'll do anything...

His cock was now sliding in and out of my mouth. He gave off a slightly salty taste each time he twitched against the roof of my mouth. Surprising me, he leaned forward again and took my nipples between his fingers.

"You like that?" he asked. I could only nod as I bobbed up and down on his member. "Good. Take my cock like a bitch."

God, I was in heaven. I was so happy taking him in and out and back into my mouth, his fingers tweaking my nipples. My hard cock strained at my jeans, aching to break free. I wondered if I should take my pants off and touch myself as I pleasured him. Should I? Is that what other sluts do? I started to over think things and the nerves began to take over.

In the end, I left my pants on and focused on being his little slut. I worked my tongue harder and faster, up and down, in and out. He swelled harder and thicker and I am pretty sure it was unintentional that he lost track of my nipples. But I didn't care. He was putty in my hands, I had power over him by making his cock dance the uncontrollable dance of lust.

He began to gasp, and I knew what was coming. Or cumming, as the case was. I knew he would erupt any second. I still didn't know if I was the type of slut to swallow or to spit. But I was pretty sure I was about to find out.

Grabbing the back of my head, he thrust into me. I knew right away the choice was to swallow or to drown. So, I sucked and sucked and tried to keep up with the flow. He grunted and pushed back beyond my gag reflex. I froze, thinking I was about to be hurt, but then at the last second, I relaxed. My man had control over me now and I knew he wouldn't really hurt me.

Falling back onto his elbows, he said "Not your first time, I can tell."

"No, really. It was. The last man didn't let me suck him."

"His loss," he replied. "He doesn't know what he was missing. You taking off right away?"

"Should I?" I asked.

"I think you should climb up onto the bed and decide..."

I did, and found myself wrapping myself around his body. I was still wearing my pants, but there he was, buck naked and glistening with a sheen of sweat that made me want to burst.

I ran my hands along his chest, letting the slickness allow my fingers to slide along his sparse chest hair. There wasn't much, but just enough to remind me that he was all man...

"Fancy a shower?" he asked.

I was slightly taken aback by his question. I had it in the back of my mind that now I'd taken his load he'd escort me to the front door. He'd probably be making excuses to get rid of me any second. After all, that's what the last man did, right? 

"Is that what you want?" I asked, the hesitancy creeping into my voice. I couldn't hide it. Hell, I didn't even try. I kind of thought I'd be gone by now.

"Sure. Let me get it started," he said. "Follow me."

Could this be real? Could he really want me to stick around even after her blew his load? I didn't want to question this any further, so I followed him into the bathroom. He paused to light a few candles and the room came alive.

The bathroom was stunning. The walk-in shower featured two shower heads so one could stand in middle and get clean from both sides. The walls were a dark granite and sparkled in the candlelight. He reached in and started the flow of water.

"You may want to take off your pants," he chuckled. "No sense in getting them wet."

I smiled and stripped down. I was wearing a pair of pink panties beneath my jeans, but I already knew he wouldn't mind. 

"Nice," he said. "They suit your tiny ass."

"Thanks," I said, a blush creeping across my face. I hoped the candlelight covered it up. I peeled down my panties and stepped into the shower.

My new friend leaned me back and let the water run along my body. His hands were strong against my arms, holding me tight. I smiled as I felt every muscle in my body relax. My cock began to stir again as I let myself go and fall into the moment. He spun me around until my ass was against his cock. I could feel his hardness probing my back. He couldn't be hard again already, could he? 

Yes. Yes, he was. Wrapping his arms around me, he began to rub the soap all over my chest. God, I needed his cock. I needed to feel him deep inside me.

"Wash me," he commanded.

I spun around and looked him in the eye. He had a glint that meant business and I was not one to about to begin complaining.

"No problem," I said. I scrubbed him from head to toe, making sure I was gentle with his cock and balls. I treated them softly so they would be kind to me later...

Our shower done, and the soap rinsed away, he led me into the kitchen where he poured me a glass of red wine. We were still naked, our cocks swinging back and forth in the cool night air. We clinked glasses, before each taking a long sip. Taking me by the hand, he led me back into his bedroom. 

"Bring the wine," he said. "I want you relaxed."

"No problem there," I said. No problem at all...

He lit a few more candles in the bedroom. "Since you are sticking around a while," he said with a smile.

I took another sip and lay back on his bed. Then another sip. And another. The wine was good and the comforter was soft and I fell into it like I was being wrapped in a heavenly cloud. He took the glass from my hand and set it on the bedside table. "No sense in making a mess, is there?" He laughed, making me smile. 

Looming over me, his cock hard and pointy, I felt myself relaxing and ready to be taken. I was ready to let myself go and become his, if only for a few moments.

"You are such a good little slut," he said. "Like I said, you are exactly my type of bottom." He came forward, his weight on my chest. "Bring your legs up," he instructed. "Open yourself wide."

"Wait, I want to be safe," I spit out. "I need to be safe."

I caught what I thought was a glimpse of impatience in his eyes, but it was gone as quickly as it had appeared.

"Ok, fine. Hold on," he said, opening a drawer, "I want to make you happy."

I sunk down deeper into the bed, knowing he would really protect me, letting me feel safe enough to really let go.

"Hold out your hand," he said. Not fully understanding why, I did. Suddenly I felt the cool touch of lube on my fingers. "Work it deep inside. You are going to need it."

Doing as he bid, I worked one finger, then two into my ass. I looked up as he rubbed lube on his cock. I was happy to see that he was going to be safe. I was almost at the breaking point, and it wouldn't have taken much for him to convince me otherwise. But I was glad he respected my needs and it helped me relax into the moment.

I never got a third finger into my ass because he handed me a towel before leaning me back. Bring your legs up, he commanded. Wiping my fingers on the towel, I had no choice but to do as he asked.

Almost instantly, I felt the head of his cock lining up with my ass. A brief moment of panic ensued as he began to push inward. He was thick. Oh, my, so much more thick than my first man. I felt myself yielding to his girth as he really opened me. I could do little more than lay motionless as he split me.

My breath was ragged and I grabbed his arms like a vice. My legs, thrown over his shoulders quivered and twitched as he pushed deeper, deeper, oh so much deeper and into my soul.

"Give it to me. Make me your little slut. Take me. God, please, my ass is all yours. You have no idea," I managed to croak out.

With that, he leaned down and kissed me. His lips first brushed mine, probing to find receptiveness, then harder as he found no resistance. My mouth opened and I felt his tongue push inward. I could taste the wine, and I wondered if he could taste his cum from earlier. I didn't care. He was giving me everything I needed.

Our lips broke and he said, "Yes, take it. Take it like you know you need it. Take it you little slut. Let it all go."

I slid my legs off of his shoulder and clenched them around his lower back. My heels pulled him closer and closer, his lips once again opening me up. Our bodies danced back and forth, our arms intertwining like soulmates. Breathing grew ragged, bodies began to shake. I needed him, and he needed me. It was perfection.

My ass worked back and forth, my heels driving him deeper with each thrust. His cock became an extension not of sex, but of pure animal lust. We were beyond everything, yet nothing all at once. Everything was about the moment. This moment.

We both began to shake together. "Baby, cum with me," I panted. "Cum inside me! Now!"

We both lost all control, grunting and quivering and feeling both the moment and the inevitable build.

"Yes, yes... Yes!" I don't know who said it. It was either of us. Or both of us. We didn't care. Our orgasms exploded, shutting out the world, and pulling us close as only two lovers can do. There was no questioning, no wondering, we were one - if only for the moment. His cum inside me, my cum on my chest. Long roping streams up to my nipples, spurt after spurt...

I could feel him pulse deep inside me, me aching to have it inside me forever...

Eventually, our moment subsided and his weight crashed down upon my chest. I wrapped my arms around him. He leaned up enough to kiss me once again, and then whispered, "You'll be back..."

I could only nod in agreement.