 He thought he'd never get away from work that afternoon, but at last he was out the door, in his car, and heading down the road away from the city. Ron Wilcox breathed a sigh of relief. He was good at his job, and he and everyone else knew it. The bad part about that was that other people assumed he'd be there round the clock to bail them out when they got into trouble. The looks he'd gotten when he'd announced he was heading out early for the weekend, as if he were leaving them all in the lurch on purpose.

Well, they could deal. He was free at last, and badly needed to get rid of this pent-up stress. Spending some time with his buddy Wade was just the way to do it. It had been so hard to arrange this afternoon. He still couldn't really believe they had pulled it off. A smile of anticipation rose to Ron's lips and he drove a little faster.

It was a long way out to Wade's place, a good hour's drive. The scenery changed from access roads, fast-food joints and strip malls to grassy ranchland dotted with a few houses. Fences ran along the road and there were occasional cattle grazing. Ron began to relax. He thought of the encounter that lay ahead and his cock twitched in his pants. He reminded himself not to get too worked up too soon. They had all afternoon.

He turned off the main highway onto a narrow county road, then turned again. He slowed down and watched the gates on the right carefully. He hadn't been out here all that often and didn't remember too clearly where the place was. 

He shouldn't have worried. There Wade was, standing at the gate to his ranch, waving frantically, the big, goofy grin Ron knew well by now on his face. He came running to the driver's side window as he brought his car to a halt.

"Hello, hello," Wade said when Ron rolled the window down, panting with excitement. He almost always sounded out of breath. "Thanks so much for coming on out." He stuck out a rough hand.

"Don't mention it, buddy," Ron answered, shaking it, as always feeling charmed and embarrassed by Wade's obvious delight at seeing him. "Glad I could make it."

"I've been waiting out here just in case you didn't remember where the place was. Let me open the gate and get you on in here."

He rolled the car just inside the gate and let Wade in. They drove slowly, bumping and jouncing along a dirt track choked with weeds. This was his friend's second piece of property, inherited from his family. Once it had been a working ranch, but Wade had long since stopped keeping it up. He was holding on to it until the property grew valuable enough to sell to developers, he had told Ron, but this was so far out in the countryside it would be a long time before that happened.

"Got everything ready for you, buddy," Wade said, clapping him on the shoulder. "Mats are out. Gatorade in the cooler if we get thirsty."

"Bet we will. It's hot today."

"Sure is. Good day to strip down and get some exercise, eh?" Wade grinned and his eyes glinted. Ron nodded, his mouth dry with excitement.

A few minutes more of bone-jarring driving and the mobile home loomed into view, old and decrepit. It stood next to a small stand of trees, a disused stock pond some distance away. Ron stopped the car as close as he could and they got out.

They stepped through waist-high grass around to the other side. A set of rickety wooden steps led up to the door. In front of them was the square padded mat, bright blue against the grass, regulation size.

"You got that thing out yourself? I could have helped you."

"Didn't have anything else to do. Besides, you're my guest." Wade looked at Ron, a slight smile on his face. "You ready?"

Ron shrugged, trying to stay casual, though his heart was pounding and he could feel his cock straining against the confines of the elastic pouch under his dress slacks.

"No time like the present."

Wade had already bent and pulled off his shoes. He stripped rapidly down, almost flinging off his work shirt and jeans onto the steps. His uniform today was a pair of bright red Speedos, his favorite gear. He had a bit of a belly, but otherwise was in fine shape, his biceps and pectorals bulging, his chest and stomach covered with dark blond hair.

Ron's body in contrast was smooth, his muscles built through gym workouts rather than hard labor. He undressed more carefully-he didn't want to mess up his office outfit. He left his shoes neatly lined up near the wrestling mat, socks balled up inside. He hung his shirt on a nearby branch, then unbuckled his belt and stepped out of his trousers. A warm breeze rustled through the trees. It felt good on his bare butt. He was wearing what he always wore for their bouts, a black Safe-T-Gard jockstrap. He heard Wade whistle behind him.

"Looking good, pretty boy," he said, as Ron hung his pants next to his shirt and turned to face his opponent.

Ron snorted. "Who you calling pretty?"

Wade crouched in his opening stance, his tongue darting playfully out. "You. Ready to get your ass whupped, pretty boy?"

"We'll see about that." Ron lunged forward and grabbed the back of Wade's neck. They struggled locked together for a few moments, neither gaining the advantage. Ron thought he saw an opening and tried to hook his leg between Wade's. He let out an "oomph!" of surprise as his opponent somehow turned the tables and took him down instead.

They rolled on the mat, every muscle in their taut bodies visible, grunting and shouting in their struggle for dominance. Ron felt Wade's hard cock pressed against his thigh through the nylon. He was enjoying this as much as he was. He looked at his friend grinning above him, felt his hot breath on his face.

"Give?" Wade asked.

"Fuck you!" With a supreme effort Ron broke Wade's hold and they went at it some more. Despite everything, though, his opponent managed to pin him a few moments later. They broke apart and sat on the mat, panting. Wade grasped his shoulder.

"Good round. You're getting better, buddy."

"Glad you noticed. I'll win the next one."

Wade snorted in mock contempt. "You and who else? You ready to get beat again?"

"As soon as you lose those panties and fight like a man."

Wade's eyes shone. "You got yourself a deal." He stood, peeled off his Speedos and tossed them aside. His thick, uncut cock hung in front of his pendulous balls, framed by a thick pubic bush that blended into the hair on his body higher up. Ron stared, unaware that he was licking his lips.

"You too, Junior," Wade commanded. Ron obeyed, staring into his opponent's eyes as he got up and slipped off his jockstrap. His circumcised cock was long, but not quite as thick as Wade's. Now that it was free it slanted out from his crotch at an angle, conical head darkening.

Wade came up to him, smiling. Ron was puzzled until he felt a big, rough paw grab his organ.

"Lookit here. Half hard already," his friend said, his hand moving.

"Quit it. Only the winner gets to do that."

"So?" Wade mocked him, continuing to stroke. "What's your point?"

Ron stepped back, freeing himself, then slapped Wade's hand away, hard. "Ow!" Wade protested. "That hurt."

"Try it again and see how much more it hurts."

Wade's eyes flashed, real anger mixed with his good humor. "You threatening me?" He bent and made another feint at Ron's privates. This time Ron grabbed his wrist and twisted his arm upward. With a roar Wade freed himself, rushed in and encircled his waist with arms of steel, trying to lift him. Ron fought to stay upright, then changed tactics and fell backward, taking Wade to the mat. He quickly rolled on top of his opponent, but Wade was faster, getting on his stomach before Ron could pin him. Still, he had the advantage. He ground his hips into Wade's butt, dry-humping him with his by now fully hard cock.

"I like this position," he said into Wade's ear. Wade didn't bother to answer, but suddenly jerked to his knees, trying to roll out and escape. Ron got an arm around his neck in a half nelson. In the blink of an eye he had turned Wade onto his back and pushed his shoulders to the mat.

"Shit!"

Ron grinned down at Wade, panting, enjoying his victory. "You look good on the bottom." He bent and gave him a quick kiss. As Ron started to raise his head, Wade grabbed the back of his neck and forced him down again. Their lips and tongues ground and clashed together.

"Fuck you're hot," Ron panted when they finally broke apart. He could have abandoned the match right then, but Wade shook his head.

"Not yet. Two out of three, buddy."

"Okay," Ron grumbled good-naturedly. His muscles were already aching from the unaccustomed effort. "You country folk just don't quit, do you?"

"Uh-uh. Up on your feet, yuppie boy. You'll get what's coming to you soon enough."

They separated and rose, more slowly this time, both their cocks swollen semi-hard in anticipation. Ron brushed his tousled hair from his eyes and focused on his opponent. Wade nodded. "Submission style this time, boy. Fight to the finish. Tap out if you can't take any more."

They came at and grabbed hold of each other once again. Their muscular arms encircled each other in a tight embrace. Sweat dripped off their glistening bodies, dappled by the afternoon sun filtering through the branches above their heads. They were two naked gladiators fighting for the prize.

Wade had a death grip around Ron's waist, and to his dismay Ron felt himself being lifted into the air. With a cry of triumph Wade dropped him to the mat. Ron scrambled to recover, but his adversary was too quick. Steely hard legs wrapped themselves around his neck and began to squeeze. Ron emitted a choked gurgle as he tried to break the leg scissors. He grabbed at Wade's thighs, then tried to get an arm between himself and his opponent's limb but failed. Dizziness washed over him as the pressure against his windpipe cut off his oxygen supply. With the last of his strength he tapped out against the mat. The viselike grip around his neck relaxed and he collapsed face down, drawing air in great gulping breaths.

"Had enough?" he heard Wade say. Ron nodded, still unable to speak. Strong hands grabbed him underneath his shoulders, pulling him upright and turning him around. He looked into Wade's eyes, now deeper and darker with a new emotion.

"You're mine now, boy," Wade whispered to him before he clamped his mouth onto his. He broke away and stood, his cock inches away from Ron's face, fully erect, moist purple head free of its foreskin. Ron rose to his knees and conceded defeat. He grasped Wade's thighs and took him into his mouth. Rough hands gripped his head as Wade thrust his hips forward.

"That's good. Suck it."

Ron slid eagerly back and forth on the hard shaft, gagging a little as it bumped the back of his throat. He ran his tongue around the sensitive area just beneath the crown, lapping up Wade's salty juices. His own cock jutted stiffly in front of him, aching for its own release. He let Wade's cock go for a moment and let it trail on his cheek, wetting it, as he cast his gaze upward. Wade smiled down at him, his face framed with his hair glowing golden from the afternoon sun.

"Down your throat or up your ass?" he said.

Ron smiled. "Both."

Wade laughed. "Don't know if I can manage that." His voice thickened with lust. "I love your cute little butt. Get in position while I get the stuff."

Ron obediently went to his knees, his arms extended straight down to the mat. He cast a glance over his shoulder as Wade went up the steps into the mobile home. He admired the broad v-shape of Wade's torso, the muscled shoulders and powerful arms. Without meaning to he found himself thinking about the first time they had met.

He had assumed Wade would be like the others who had answered his online personal ad, interested in wrestling only as a pretext for sex. Ron had tried and failed for a long time to find another man who knew real wrestling, the kind he had excelled at in college.

He had liked Wade's rough good looks and courtly manner from the very first time they had talked in the rancher's modest living room. Afterward Wade had driven him out here to this overgrown, deserted property and gotten Ron to help drag the regulation mat out from the ancient mobile home. Ron knew then that Wade was as serious about grappling as he was.

There had been sex that first time and every time since then, not nearly often enough for either of them. But that never came until after some serious competition. Ron didn't mind losing today--he had won in the past and would in the future. The thought of what was about to happen made his knees tremble.

Wade emerged just then, holding a well-used tube in his hand, nothing else. Ron couldn't remember when they had decided to swap sperm as well as holds. It had cemented the growing bond and trust between them, to raise the stakes like that. He had driven back to the city more than once with his ass clamped shut, trying not to let Wade's cum leak out and stain his dress pants. He'd returned the favor a couple of times too.

Wade's grin was mischievous as he dropped to the mat by Ron, one hand already spreading gel onto his dick, making it glisten.

"Eyes front," he commanded. Ron looked away, letting out a small gasp as he felt Wade's fingers penetrate him with more lube.

"Skooch up a little," Wade said. Ron obeyed. He felt his buddy's hot breath on the back of his neck, the blunt head of the thick cock pressing against his greasy hole. Suddenly Wade's arms pinned Ron's hands to the mat as his buddy shoved his cock through his tight ring and all the way in with one huge thrust. Ron raised his head and screamed as pain knifed through him.

"Bastard!" He struggled to escape. Wade handled him easily, chuckling with sadistic glee as he tightened his grip. His right hand grabbed the back of Ron's neck and forced his head to the mat.

"Just relax and it'll get better, I promise," he said in Ron's ear.

"Fuck you." Ron was almost crying with the shock of Wade's brutal entry-he'd promised not to be so rough this time. Rage battled with humiliation as he realized that his cock was betraying him-it was jutting out hard as steel beneath his subjugated body. Almost against his will the pain began to recede. He took in air in great gulps, willing his body to accept the invader.

Above him Wade relaxed his grip as he sensed Ron yield. The pole of flesh violating him withdrew slowly, then plunged in hard, then again. Soon Ron was struggling to keep his grip as Wade drilled him from behind. Moans of pleasure rose from his throat, partly muffled by the mat into which his face and chest were pressed.

He felt his conqueror reach underneath and grab his cock without breaking the rhythm of his fucking. Wade chuckled in satisfaction. "You're liking this," he observed. In another moment he pulled out and pushed on Ron's side. "Flip over."

As soon as Ron was on his back Wade grabbed his ankles, bending him double to expose his now relaxed and gaping asshole. His cock went in without any trouble and his pubic bone began to thud against Ron's butt, making his cock and balls shake. Soon Wade's thrusts increased to a frantic pace, his cock almost vibrating in Ron's hole. His eyes squeezed shut and his teeth gritted in a snarl of lust.

"Fuckin' take my load man! Ah...ah....Aaaah!" A shout of triumph rose from Wade's throat as he went over the edge, his cock coming to life and pumping spurt after spurt of its warm seed into Ron's bowel. "Oh fuck!"

Wade threw his head back, letting loose a shower of sweat droplets onto Ron's chest, his mouth open in a soundless scream. He stayed in this spasm of ecstasy for what seemed like minutes before he dropped his head, chest heaving as he gasped for air.

Then he opened his eyes and grinned at Ron. "Your turn, buddy." He grabbed Ron's cock and began to jack it, quick and hard. Ron's eyes closed and his panting gasps turned first into grunts, then shouts of joy. Just as he started to cum Wade shoved his knees forward, tilting Ron's pelvis upward. He aimed the spurting rod he held in his hand directly at Ron's face. Pearly white gobs rained onto his buddy's hair, ran down his chiseled features and into his open mouth. By the time Ron opened his eyes his face was a gummy mess, his five o'clock shadow clotted with congealing spunk.

His cock still buried in Ron's ass, Wade lowered his face toward his buddy's. He cleaned cum off of Ron's face with his tongue and fed it to him in languid, sticky kisses. Finally they were finished. Wade pulled out and let Ron stretch his legs. They lay on the mat, their bodies limp and relaxed, still loosely tangled together. The summer breeze cooled their overheated skin, dried the sweat and cum.

Wade raised his head. "Damn, it sure is hot."

"How about some of that Gatorade?"

"You bet. I'll go get it out of the cooler. You stay right here," Wade said, patting Ron's chest as he rose stiffly to his feet.

"Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere," Ron said, smiling. At the moment he didn't care if he ever went anywhere again. The city, his job, in fact his whole life, all seemed a million miles away, just where he wanted them to be.

He turned his face up to the afternoon sky. He had been stripped naked, had his ass whupped and been fucked within an inch of his life. The weekend was off to a great start.