 Disclaimer: This is a new story I'm working on. I plan to write in smaller chapters so I can push out new material more frequently. I do my own editing, so disregard any mistakes. All characters are 18 years or older. I'm appreciative of any and all feedback. Thanks!

Chapter 2: Breaking bread and breaking rules. 

I threw the door back and forth in my hand, debating whether or not I should just slam it in his face and turn back around. Cory stood just past the door frame outside of my house as if it was a line drawn in the sand. The past few weeks have been nothing short of satisfying, but it seemed like my two worlds were suddenly about to converge and I was standing there at the entrance trying to stop it. 

He latched his hand on the knob as to steady it. I looked at him, annoyed as I asked, "What are you doing here?"

Shaking off my mean looks, he happily replied, "Your parents invited me to dinner, and if you don't let me past the door, I'm going to be late."

I peered over him, insisting, "And why didn't you tell me about this?"

He put his hand on my shoulder, nodding, "And miss seeing this look on your face?" I kept my gaze, unmoved by his comments. He leaned up to scratch his head, continuing, "Look Nick, your parents come over done day and talked about how they wanted to have me over for dinner one of these nights. I knew it was a bad idea but they insisted." He flashed a smile, "Looks like you're not the only one in the family that's persistent."

I'm pretty sure Cory expected a laugh or at least a break in my perpetual glare. Knowing I wouldn't budge, he continued, "I knew that if I told you, you'd freak out just as you're doing now. The thing is: your parents don't know a thing. To them, I'm just the guy from across the street they wanted to cook a meal for. So let's just play it cool and we'll be in the clear...unless of course you wanted to interrogate me at every threshold in your house."

I stepped back, allowing him inside, "You know you're not nearly as funny as you think you are."

Right before Cory could make his witty comeback, my parents turned the corner into the hallway and greeted Cory with almost as much excitement as I did that first day. I watched as Cory faded in an out of awkwardness and warmth, something only an observer could see. This may be my domain, but I enjoyed watching him in his own skin.

After all the casualties were exchanged, my parents leaned in, instructing, "Hey son, we still have to finish up the rest of dinner in the kitchen, why don't you take our guest on the tour and meet us back down in a bit."

I gulped as Cory innocently smiled, "Sure thing."

As my parents headed back for the kitchen, I grabbed Cory by the shirt, leading him upstairs. Fumbling with the doorknob, I finally unlocked it, slamming the door in haste. I stood back as Cory walked inside. His shadow danced around the dark blue walls, bathed in the light coming from a single bedside lamp. He turned, looking at the walls covered with music posters, useless sketches and random keepsakes. 

"This is your bedroom.", he stated as he continued to peer over every object in that room like it was evidence in a crime scene. I nodded, barely visible in the dim light. He turned back to me, "Is this my first lesson, Nicholas Bradley 101?"

I walked closer, "It's Grayson- my middle name that is. And we don't have time for that. Not now." I unbuckled by belt, continuing, "Because you're going to fuck me."

He faced me, eyes wide with concern, "Christ Nick, your parents are right downstairs." 

Unbuttoning my jeans, I slid the zipper down arguing, "And we're in here. Now you can either help me out or I have a toy in this top drawer that does the trick." Pulling my jeans just below my ass, Cory watched as my cock flung out. I saw him bit down on his lip, and shift his feet. He wanted this- he just needed some encouragement.

He watched in amazement, "No boxers today?"

I stroked my cock, "Well I didn't think I'd be taking off my pants when I made that decision." I bit down on my lip, "Look, it was your idea to surprise me by showing up to dinner with my folks, so I'd better get something out of all of this." 

Cory walked towards me, finding his place behind my body. I breathed in his cologne as I felt his large hand cupping my ass. He growled, "Say it again."

I shoved my bare ass into his pants, "You know what I want."

Grabbing my cheeks, he insisted, "I need to hear you say it." 

I turned back slightly, piercing him with my own eyes, "I want you to fuck me- right here, right now."

Cory pushed himself into me as if I had opened Pandora's box. His hands flew by my sides, rubbing into my hips like he was trying to start a fire with our friction. I closed my eyes, taking in the volumes of deep sighs and the sound of Cory fumbling with his belt. I kept them closed until I felt a tingling sensation as he covered his fingers with spit, ready to coat my ass. 

I felt his fingertips probing my ass, circling around my muscles trying to open me up. I felt his warm breath on my neck as he moaned, "Damn this ass looks so good right now. You ready for me, boy?"

Controlling my sighs, I reached around and pushed him closer to me, begging, "Give that me that cock already."

Cory placed a gentle kiss on the back of my neck as he aligned his dick with my hole. It was like the calm before the storm. Seconds after his lips left my skin, I felt him shove his cock into me with the first stroke. Cory had this planned all along. He cupped his hand on my mouth in order to muffle my scream and with the other, he pressed into my stomach both steadying my motions and preventing me from pulling off. 

He pulled my face towards his and looking me in the eye warned, "Be careful what you wish for." He let out a soft chuckle, asking "You want me to stop?"

I leaned back, resting my head on his shoulder insisting, "God no." 

Cory held onto my hips and started fucking harder, pulling his dick out just far enough to where his tip was barely in my hole before slamming it back in. I responded by moaning into his hand trying to prevent myself from screaming too loud. 

Cory's face pushed closer, nibbling on my ear as he whispered, "That's it boy, take that dick."

We had only been at it for about ten minutes but his rough strokes were already sending me over the edge. I leaned forward, arched my back and spread my cheeks wider with my hands. 

Looking back, I instructed, "Pound me Cory. I want to cum while you fuck me." 

Cory started to ram his cock into my hole as I spread my arms, clenching onto the edge of my bed for stability. I looked over to my reflection on the right. There, within the glass I saw myself stretched up against the bed with my ass in the air as the profile of Cory pushed into me further and further. The sight of me, submissive and used in my childhood bedroom with my parents just downstairs got me just a few sudden movements from my release. 

I reached down and grabbed my own cock, pumping to the rhythm that Cory fucked me. I kept it up as long as I could before I collapsed on the bed, and biting down on my own sheets, I started to cum. Ropes of my juice sprayed from my tip, landing on the bed as I felt Cory's cock milking me. 

He must have felt my orgasm as right when the last stream of cum left my cock, Cory pulled out and started to jerk his dick, looking down at my body as he lightly fingered my used hole. 

He placed his palm on my back, pressing into me as he growled, "My turn, boy." 

I looked back just in time to see him unload all over my lower back. I relaxed for a second, feeling the light sweat on my body as Cory's cum dripped down my backside. If we weren't in a rush, I could have stayed in that position all night. Checking the time, I rolled over onto my knees and grabbed Cory's deflating cock. 

Taking a lick, I commented, "You know you're the first guy to fuck me while my parents were still home."

He laughed as he pulled up his jeans and buttoned up his shirt, "It was a first for me too. Now get dressed, the food's probably cold by now." 

Buckling my belt, I joked, "All of that and I don't even get to cuddle."

Cory reached over and finished the last of the buttons on my shirt, "That's for after dinner."

I looked back , surprised, as Cory was already headed out the door. 

We shuffled down the stairs, fixing our hair and trying to remove any indication of our actions. When we reached the base, I heard my mom call out.

Rounding the corner, Cory and I stopped in our tracks as she continued, "Perfect timing boys, I just took the chicken out of the oven. Now take a seat."

Cory followed behind, taking a seat to my right as my parents found theirs across from us. Though the table was filled with platters of piping hot food, dinner was the last thing on my mind. 

Pouring his vegetables, my father asked out, "So Cory, I hope you enjoyed the tour of the house."

Cory cleared his throat, responding, "Yes sir, Nick over here made sure to show me just about every. last. inch. of this place."

Hitting him on the leg, he winked as he took his first bite, "This is such a lovely home you guys have here."

Grinning from ear to ear, my mom responded, "Why thank you. We sure love living here. Have you adjusted to the move yet?"

I watched as Cory weaved through the conversation, completely at ease, "Getting there. It's real nice to have people like you guys being so kind and all."

My mom blushed and I rolled my eyes back as far as they could go. Cory sure knew how to charm. She responded, "Oh it's no trouble at all dear, we figured it'd be nice to get you home cooking since your wife is always traveling."

I watched him swallow down, like that single word broke his confidence. I'd be lying if I said it didn't break mine. Cory paused for a second before explaining, "Yes ma'am. See when we first got relocated, I was away at work a lot and so she decided she wanted to become a flight attendant. It sure being at home all by her lonesome. She loves the job- loves getting to travel and see new places. And it works with our schedule."

I put down my fork, trying not let my thoughts break my cool exterior. I had no reason to be upset. I knew he was married- that much was made clear. Cory and I were just having fun. Yet something about it didn't seem fun anymore. With my hands at lap, I fidgeted, now anxious for this conversation to end. 

Then, as if he could read my mind. I felt Cory reach his hand out and place in on mine. Confused, I looked over as he continued to go talk to my mom, not leaving her sight. I relaxed, as he interlocked his fingers with mine, gripping tight as he ran his thumb along the back of my hand. He didn't need to say anything let alone give me a glance, the gesture was enough. I leaned into my chair as Cory continued to touch me. Somehow I was at ease.

Cory's eyes turned bright as he gushed, "You know ma'am, what I really want to do someday is own my own business. Don't get me wrong, I loved serving our country but I feel like it's a chapter of my life that's coming to a close."

My dad leaned in, interested, "Is that so?"

Cory continued, "Yes sir, I'd love to run a business that lets me work from home. I'd buy one of the properties out west, something right along the beach and split my time between the office and the outdoors."

My dad nodded, impressed, "That sounds like the good life. I hope you find that someday."

I felt him squeeze tighter on my hand as he replied, "Me too sir, me too."

As the conversations progressed, I looked over and saw that we had been talking for a couple hours altogether. I observed mostly, watching Cory keep his cool as the spitfire of interrogations hit him. But I never helped him out- I wanted to know myself. I sat back as he oozed confidence, learning more and more with every response. Soon we stood to clear plates and call the evening to a close. I stood back, impressed at how easy the night was and in all honesty, how much I had enjoyed myself. 

Cory was saying his goodbyes while by folks shoved tupperwares full of leftovers in his face- my mother wouldn't take no for an answer. He eventually agreed- smart choice. As they scurried off to clear up the kitchen, I held back for a second.

Reaching out for his arm, I insisted, "I'll walk you out."

We made it to the front porch, closing the door slightly for some semblance of privacy. Cory commented, "You know, I actually really enjoyed tonight. Your parents are great people. 

I nudged him, "That they are. But their guest on the other hand, don't get me started. He just kept going on and on about himself- what a cocky prick."

He laughed, "Careful Grayson. The night is still young- I'm sure there's a few stories your parents haven't heard yet. Maybe we should fill them in."

I cocked my neck, "It hurts doesn't it? Being so smug all the time?"

Curling his mouth into a smile, he replied, "Come over tonight."

I turned my head, "You mean you're not sick of me by now? We did just spend the past few hours together." Leaning my head slightly, I continued, "And you did just fuck me what like three hours ago?"

He looked into my eyes, not with the usual piercing gaze but with a soft, endearing look. He replied, "I happen to like spending time with you Nick. Whether we're having dinner with your parents or doing something less family friendly. So will you come over?"

I blushed, trying not to seem too excited by his sentiments. "I'll be over in ten minutes."

I was over the moon when I made it to Cory's front door. After he left, I spent all of ten minutes, quickly clearing up the kitchen before hurrying off before my parents could even ask where I was headed. This wasn't some one word text message or last night request, this is was an invitation. He wanted me to be here. And here I was.

He opened the door with a grin, replacing the usual cold stare with a warm smile. 

Not missing an perfect opportunity, I started, "Look how the tables have turned."

He followed suit, "Don't tell me you're here to have dinner with my parents. Hate to break it to you kid, it's just you and me this time."

I looked up his body, curling my lips into a smirk, "Can't say I'm not disappointed."

He opened the door, stepping aside as he replied, "Look Nick, I'd love to exchange wits with you all night but I'd prefer to not do it while standing at the front door."

I laughed, walking down that familiar hallway, finding my place on the couch. It was a strange feeling really. I had been in this room several times now but it was never just to talk or hang out. I eased into the leather, laying my hands on my shorts as I tried to find some sense of familiarity amidst the newness. 

Cory popped in the kitchen as I sat on the couch. Shouting out, he offered, "Care for a drink?"

Looking back I answered, "I'll take a beer if you have any."

Closing the fridge door he headed back my way, "Coming right up."

I took a sip. Wincing at the bitter taste as I gulped it down. Cory looked over, "God that feels good. I was a nervous wreck at your place."

Drinking once more, I asked, "What did you have to be nervous about?"

He sat right next to me, leaning into the cushions, "I hate being sized up- it just makes me really uncomfortable. I know who I am. It's just hard for me to open up."

Tilting my head, I questioned, "Yeah but you came off so calm and collected, comfortable even."

Drinking down he explained, "It's a front, Nick. They teach you that in the Army- never let 'em see you sweat. But I've always been like this, even since I was young."

Looking over, I begged to hear more, "What were you like back then?"

Cory leaned forward, cracking up, "I was the scrawniest kid in class- mostly kept to myself. I wasn't really into the clubs or the cliques- I just wanted to graduate and get out of that small town."

The bitterness in the beer started to fade the more I drank it. I leaned closer, offering, "That's how I felt too."

Cocking his neck, he looked confused, "But why, this place is so perfect- why would you ever want to leave?"

I shrugged my shoulders, "I guess the grass is greener on the side after all. You know I lived here all my life and it was the same old story every day. When I had the opportunity to attend a great school in a big city, I jumped at the chance. But things didn't really work out after that, so I came back. This is kind of my redemption story."

Nodding he joined in, "You and me both, man."

I smiled, lifting up my half empty beer, I offered, "Here's to second chances. May we both find what we're looking for."

He smiled back, clanking his bottle with mine, "To second chances."

I stopped for a second. Looking around the empty room, it was just me and Cory bathed in the dim light of the wall lamps. I looked over at him once more, but this time I felt like I was actually seeing him for the first time. 

Cory stopped my thoughts in their tracks, "I like spending time with you Nick. It's nice having you around even if it just to sit back and talk. I feel like I can actually be myself around you- not just the guy that people want to see."

I choked, both endeared and surprised at how much he thought of me. Putting down my beer, I reciprocated, "I'll be here as long as you want me to be."

As the last of those words left my mouth, I watched Cory bring his hands up to my face. He cradled my jaw in his palms as he leaned in closer. Closing my eyes, I relaxed, removing all the distractions. Then, I felt his kiss. The warm touch of his lips that brushed against mine as if testing the waters. I opened, letting him know that I wanted more. And he gave me more. He pressed his mouth against mine as I opened up for his begging tongue. I breathed into him as he ran his fingers through my hair. His touch was both soft and firm, showing me just how much he wanted this but still leaving room for my hesitance. But I wasn't hesitant. I was sure of this. 

Cory slowly pulled away as our clips came to a close. Opening my eyes, I saw him watching me. 

Cupping the back of my neck in his hand he blinked, "Wow." I smiled at him, for once I was at a loss for words. Caressing my face he admitted, "You don't know I long I wanted to do that- to taste those pouting lips."

I replied, "And what about those rules?" I hung onto that question to enforce the its absurdity. 

He bit down, "Fuck those rules. I want you Nick- no conditions, no inhibitions."

Interjecting, I added, "No apprehensions." I leaned in and planted a chaste kiss, continuing, "I'm all in, Cory."