 Disclaimer: This is a new story I'm working on. I plan to write in smaller chapters so I can push out new material more frequently. I do my own editing, so disregard any mistakes. All characters are 18 years or older. I'm appreciative of any and all feedback. Thanks!

*****

CHAPTER 3: Nick finds himself running back for more.

I was only asleep for a couple hours but I felt like I was coming out of hibernation. Even with the curtains wide open, the setting sun shone through my bedroom, indicating just how long I was out. Checking my phone, I chuckled. Reading the time at a little past 5pm, Cory had managed to fuck me so good that I was out for over five hours. I clenched my hole at the thought, wincing from the tenderness that still remained. 

Going through my messages, I found one from my dad that read, "Nick- mom and I went out to see a movie and grab some dinner. We figured you had crashed out. There's food in the fridge if you're hungry. We'll be back later tonight. -Dad."

Not even bothering to put on a shirt or shirts, I strolled downstairs in my boxers. There was something quite free about being in a big empty house practically naked. Pulling open the fridge, I looked around but couldn't really find anything I wanted. To tell you the truth, food was the last thing on my mind- all I could think about was Cory. Sure, I had had my fair share of cock in college, but there was something about the way it was with him. He didn't fuck me like the other guys who wanted second dates or constantly asked if I was okay or if it felt good. He fucked me like a man that needed to get off. He wanted nothing more than release and I happily obliged. 

But it wasn't just what Cory had done. I hung onto what it had brought out in me. I was acting with a determination I hadn't seen in myself. This afternoon's escapade wasn't just about Cory's release, it was also about mine. 

Slamming the fridge, I found the familiar name in my phone and reached out, "Are you free right now?"

It was as if time slowed the second I pressed send. I lingered around the kitchen island, not taking an eye off the screen. If there's one thing I couldn't handle, it was waiting. I paced around the kitchen floor just waiting some sort of response. It wasn't even 24 hours before he had me hitting him up for another round. I thought to myself, what was this guy doing to me?

Admitting my own form of crazy, I set my phone down and started to walk away. Shaking my head, I headed for the stairs. But just as my bare foot reached the first step, I heard a familiar sound from my phone. And just like that, all willpower was lost and I ran for the kitchen island. 

Standing on the edge of my feet, I read Cory's message: "Didn't think I'd hear back from you so soon. Be at my front door in five minutes. Don't make me wait." 

I snickered. He knew the control he had over me, and before I could even think, I ran upstairs and got dressed. A loose t-shirt and gym shorts would do- I didn't plan on keeping them on long. 

Hurrying across the street, I knocked on his door like a man trying to get some answers. He swung open the door, greeting me with that cocky smile ingrained in my memory. With the door now open, he presented himself to me (and the entire neighbourhood). Towering well over six feet, Cory stood like a statue in front of me, dressed in nothing but a pure white towel with his body still damp. 

Stepping inside, he remarked, "Four minutes on the dot, Looks like you do know how to follow directions."

I shot back with my own cocky smile, "If there's one thing I can't stand, it's waiting."

Inching closer, I could nearly fell his breath on my skin as he spoke, "That's for sure. It's only been what? A little over five hours since I fucked that pretty little ass of yours." 

I shivered, admitting, "Truth is, it's still pretty sore."

Placing his chin on my shoulder, he leaned back and grabbed my ass with his huge hand. Giving it a squeeze, he offered, "Well I guess we'll have to get creative, boy."

Cory yanked off my shirt and threw it on the floor. Leaning closer once more, he pressed his chest into me and focused his attention to my back, examining my ass as I stood there anticipating his every movement. He drew his arms to my waist, slowly pulling down my shorts until they passed my ass and fell completely to the floor.

Letting out low moans, traced my hands up his back, resting them on his shoulder blades. His body was hard as marble, yet still soft with every curious touch. I didn't know where his limits where. I wasn't sure how far Cory would let me go. I just knew that man could do anything he wanted to me, and I'd happily oblige. 

He pulled back, looking me straight in the eye, "Mmm. I can't wait 'til I get to fuck that ass."

His eyes pierced me and suddenly I didn't care about the soreness. I wanted him.

Finishing his statements, he continued, caressing my cheeks, "But we'll save that for tomorrow. Tonight, we're going to be gentle."

I smiled, pleased at his concern. Smirking, I thought to myself, "This cocky guy already made plans to have sex tomorrow." And yet I was okay with that. 

He lead me into the living room. The space, once bright this morning, was filled with warm colors of amber curtains, wood finishes, and accents of our skin. He stopped me at the couch, instructing, "Show me your ass."

Turning, I faced knelt on the couch, arching my back and waiting for his eager motions. He grabbed my shoulder, correcting himself, "No- turn around. I want to watch you."

Surprised, I got up and leaned on the couch, propping my head up against the back cushion. Cory had barely touched me yet my cock rose to attention. 

He stood there, examining me, "Lift up those legs for me, boy."

Following instructions, I raised my legs as he knelt down. I could feel his warm breath on my hole, puckering with every exhale. 

I was mesmerized by his breaths on my hole that his tongue sent a shock through my body, breaking me from the trance. Paying attention, I watched as Cory started with a long lick along my crease. I let out a moan as our eyes met, he winked, pleased with my reaction. Slowly, he continued to run his tongue over my hole. Though I've rimmed a few guys in the past, this was my first time on the receiving end and boy did I not know what I was missing. Cory pushed his tongue further past my muscle. I relaxed, opening myself up to him. Once inside, I felt his tongue circle around inside me. I curled my toes with every motion.

He pulled back and I let out a whimper, hoping he wasn't done. Running his hand along my inner thigh, he confessed, "Nick, your hole tastes amazing."

I smiled back, "Fuck. No one's ever rimmed me before."

His eyes focused, "Well then let's make this count."

He drew his large hands against my cheeks, pulling them apart. Shoving his face into my ass, I let out loud moans as I felt that warm tongue up against me. The once soft licks were replaced and it was as if Cory was trying to taste everything I had to offer. I watched intently as Cory focused on devouring my hole. I could feel his hands spreading my cheeks as far as they could go, making more space of his face as he shoved himself into me deeper. His stubble tickled my skin as he moved up and down, licking from the edge of my ass along by back to the base of my balls. I loved watching him. He didn't make eye contact with me, not breaking concentration from his tongue work. I just lied back in ecstasy, releasing a steady stream of moans while burying my head in the cushions. 

Cory's tongue was setting me on the edge. I could feel my dick dripping with precum, slapping itself on my stomach as he continued to shove his face in my ass. Needing that release, I reached for it only to have Cory shove my hand away.

Not stopping and without explanation, he firmly gripped my cock with his hand. He gripped hard and I exhaled, preventing myself from cumming right then and there from his grasp. My moans grew louder as faster as he jerked my cock while lathering up my hole. I rested my hands at my side, not needing them as I lied back and continued to be serviced in the best way possible. 

Cory pumped my cock faster as I started to whimper. I was short of breath when I finally called out, "Fuck Cory. I'm so close. Please let me cum."

He didn't stop to reply. He just continued to jerk me off. I didn't know he wanted me to hold off or if he was allowing me to cum. I wasn't in the capacity to think. I just needed my release. 

I propped myself up as I felt my balls tightened. My toes curled into themselves as Cory's last few pumps brought me to my climax. Catching my breath, I shouted, "I'm gonna fucking cum!" 

And just like that I watched him retreat from my hole and focus his attention on my cock. He watched as my dick oozed streams of thick cum from the head, dripping down his clenched fist and covering his hand. I watched him watch me. He continued to jerk for a few more strokes, seeing my juice glisten against my cock and his hand. He let out a smile, pleased with his work. This wasn't just about getting me off, it was about showing me that he could take me there. He was a cocky mother fucker.

Letting go, I sunk into the couch trying to get my head to stop spinning. I ran my fingers through my hair, exclaiming, "Oh my god, you were fucking incredible!"

He bit his lip, "I know." Wiping my cum on my stomach, he continued, "We're not done yet boy. You still have some unfinished business."

And with that he presented his cock to me. It throbbed in my hand, angry from the lack of attention. Cory had just serviced me to satisfaction and I was more than willing to return the favor. I fought the urge to pass out from exhaustion and sat up, ready to take Cory's cock once more. 

He leaned in as I sat up, holding his cock at the base and sticking out my tongue. I looked up at him as I gave him the first lick. 

He exhaled, "Good boy" as he gently caressed my head. 

I nodded before shoving his cock deep inside my throat. I reached up for his chest when I felt his short pubes graze against my lips. In one fail swoop, I managed to get his entire length down my throat without any resistance. 

Cory noticed, tightly pulling on my hair, "Fuck boy, you didn't even give me a warning." 

I pushed back, letting out a loud pop as his cock escaped my lips, "Do you want me to stop?"

He gently patted my cheek with his palm, looking down with those striking green eyes, "God no."

Nodding once more, I pushed down on his cock until I could feel the slit of his head rub against my tongue. Traces of his precum left a slight saltiness on my tongue that I savoured with every stroke. Cory reached his other arm down and, grabbing the back of my head, started to pound my face further into his dick. I showed no resistance as I opened my mouth as wide as I could, allowing his thick meat to shove deeper and deeper. 

When he had found his momentum, I looked up and our eyes met. He was looking down at me the whole time, watching me as I took his cock. There was a concentration in his eyes and the focus was on me. His cock continued to pump in and out of my mouth with his balls slapping against my chin. The sound of his flesh hitting mine left a rhythm in the iar that was music to my ears. 

Getting lost in the motions, I spaced out for a bit. My throat had relaxed completely that I felt no gag reflex. I rolled my eyes back, enjoying the sensations as I could feel my own cock growing once more. I knew Cory wouldn't last much longer. He planted his feet firmly on the ground before picking up more speed. Almost immediately, I could feel my mouth fill up with spit as his cock slid in and out of my mouth, glistening and wet. I reached up and grabbed Cory's perfect ass, gripping each cheek with my hands. After a few seconds of this, Cory began to quiver. I sucked harder, hoping to get him to his climax. His breaths grew short as I felt his cock pulsate inside my throat. 

I felt him try to pull away as he shouted, "Nick, I'm really close!" That only made me grab onto his ass even harder, shoving him back in. 

He started to pant when he shouted once more, "Nick, I'm serious. I'm gonna fucking cum!"

I immediately grabbed the base of his cock and started to jerk it as I pulled back. His dick head rested on the tip of my tongue as I stroked it to completion. I looked up, hoping to see him reach his peak. In only a matter of seconds, I head Cory's loud moan. His body jerked as he shot ropes of warm cum on my tongue. I looked up at him as his eyes rolled back and he bit his lip, trying to muffle his moans. My mouth immediately filled with cum and I tried to swallow, but it was to no avail. Streams of Cory's cum ran out of my lips, dripping down my cheeks and onto the travertine floor. I grabbed his cock head, firmly squeezing it as if trying to get every last drop. He quivered in return, extremely sensitive. I felt his cum ooze down my tongue and I savored his taste. I reached up and wiped my face with the back of my palm. He watched as I greedily licked his cum from my fingertips, not letting any of it go to waste. He looked in amazement while I finished the job, proud of my efforts. 

He gently grabbed my face, running his fingers through my hair and looking down at me with a smile. He confessed, "Oh my god Nick. That was fucking amazing- you were fucking amazing."

I finally get go of his cock, and flashing him a warm smile, replied with a simple, "Thanks."

Helping me up, he left the living room for a few seconds, coming back with a fresh towel and my clothes that were scattered all along the hallway floor. I slowly got dressed as Cory sat on the couch, watching me. I caught him looking intently as I shoved my semi-hard cock back into my shorts, pulling up the waistband past my round ass. 

Standing up, he came just a few inches close to me as I parted, "Thanks for the good time."

He replied, "Get some rest boy, you're gonna need it for tomorrow?"

I turned, "Tomorrow?"

He explained, "We're going on a run tomorrow. Be at my door at 6am sharp. I don't like to be kept waiting."

It was the first time since moving back that I didn't wake up to the sound of my alarm. The clock read 5:30 when I sat upright. Leaning against the headboard, I turned on my bedside lamp. The light shone against my tan skin and tight boxers as I watched myself through the mirror across the room. Yesterday afternoon Cory had fucked me to completion, and just last night be fed his cum to me. The thoughts of yesterday's acts sent blood rushing to my cock as it grew within my boxers. I reached my hand down and traced the outline with my finger. I enjoyed the soft touch against my skin through the fabric as my cock grew with every inch. Shaking my head, I knew I wouldn't have time for that. So I rose out of bed, throwing on a loose fitting tank top, shorts and running shoes. I eased down the stairs, careful to not make much noise, identifying each step through the dimly lit room. 

I'd be naive to think that Cory invited me just to go for a jog, but in actuality a run was what I needed to clear my head. Everything was moving really quickly and though I wasn't complaining, I really needed to evaluate the situation and figure out just what I wanted from all of this. 

Cory answered his door wearing a similar outfit to mine, with his darker top contrasting nicely against his pale skin. Locking the door behind him, he greeted, "Good morning. Didn't think you'd make it."

Stepping onto the pavement, I responded, "Like I had anything better to do at 6am on a Sunday." Raising my arms, I started to stretch, "So where are we running to today?"

Joining my motions, he explained, "I know this trail by the park, it kinda weaves through the jungle and beside the water. I'll lead the way."

Spreading my arm, I stopped him for a second, "The one right off the main road, I've run that trail before."

Picking up my feet, I looked back to Cory, "I may have just come back remember that you're the new one here."

He smirked, impressed at my confidence, "Hmm. Then lead the way, boy."

The run was exactly what I needed. When we got to the trail, the sun had barely started to rise, shooting streams of sunlight in the spaces between the trees. Cory ran beside me as we trekked through the lush jungle on a narrow concrete path. I was always a runner, ever since I was a kid, and so I knew this trail like the back of my hand. Halfway through I spaced out for a bit. I couldn't even feel my feet pressing against the pavement anymore. I just listened to my steady heartbeat in between the roaring waves that echoed from afar. I would look over to Cory every now and then. I was impressed at his ability to keep up, then again I guess Basic Training does to that to a soldier. Every time I looked over, I'd catch him watching me, examining my movements like I was his subject. We had reached a clearing when I saw Cory's pace slow to a stop. He leaned himself up against a tree, placing his hands on his head trying to get more air.

Looking at his watch he exclaimed, "Shit we ran four miles already. You just kept going and going."

Catching my breath, I replied, "You serious? My bad, I kinda just spaced out in the middle and lost track of how long it was."

He added, "Don't be sorry. It was cool seeing you in the zone. Shall we head back to my place?"

I nodded as he leaned in closer, feeling his warm breath on my skin as he continued, "Don't think I invited you this morning just so we could run together." Looking me straight in the eye, he finished, "I got plans for you, boy."

Though the morning run with Cory was all about clearing my head, but the on the run back, I only had one thing on my mind: Him. We slowly jogged back down our street and lowered my pace even more, distracted by the boner growing in my shorts, out for the whole neighborhood to see.

Reaching the front door, he looked back, commenting, "Jesus does that thing ever go soft?"

I laughed, adjusting it in my shorts, "Not when you're around. That's for sure."

He chuckled, opening the front door and leading me inside. Stripping off his shirt, he walked towards an exercise mat in the middle of the living room. 

Reaching out his hand, he asked, "Help me stretch?"

Distracted, I nodded, "Sure."

I watched as Cory lied down and raised his leg. Following his instructions, I pushed his foot towards his body, stretching his leg as he bent his knees. Exhaling he admitted, "Ah that feels good."

I continued to stretch him out, breathing in the musk that filled the room. As I leaned in closer to Cory, I inhaled his smell of sweat that intoxicated me. Finding solace in his chest, I nuzzled against the hair sprinkled along his pecks, rubbing my hand against his body that was still damp with sweat from our earlier workout. 

Raising an eyebrow, he asked, "You like that boy?"

Nodding, I threw my leg over him, straddling his body with mine. I sat up against his abdomen, arching my back so I had full access to his chest. He softly ran his fingers through my hair as I did with his chest. 

Inhaling loudly, I bellowed, "Damn you smell good."

Biting down on his lip, he shot back, "Take it all in."

I raised my head from his pecks, leaning in closer. I didn't know Cory's limits. I didn't know how far he'd let me go with him. I just knew that with our lips mere millimeters away, I wanted nothing more than to kiss him and seal the deal. Turning his gentle caress into a grip, he pulled my hair back with my face to follow. Pulling away from our eventual kiss, I got my answer, pouting in realization that my lips may never touch his. 

I swayed my ass back and forth, creating friction between our shorts, pressing into his skin. After a few short movements, I could feel his cock hardening behind me, poking me with his erection. Pulling me closer, he shoved his shorts off with one fail swoop causing his cock to slap against my back. 
