 "Okay, yeah." Isaac straightened in his chair. "I know, the contract is coming down to just us and Maggerfield, another new kid on the advertising block, but I'm telling you, I've got a secret weapon."

Silence.

Isaac hadn't told his partner at Bridges, Denton, and Associates the good news about his lover returning to work for the company. He wanted it to be a surprise so he didn't bother sharing it with anyone in the office.

"Oh yeah, what would that be, partner?" Silas Denton Junior's sneer came through the receiver.

Isaac rolled his eyes, wishing he could punch the man in the mouth. "I'll share that with you later, but I guarantee you, he will land this account."

"Really? You seriously don't mean the new intern, Oscar, right? The kid's bright, but I don't think he has what it takes to be working at Denton. Damn, I wish you could convince Jayden to come back and work for us."

Isaac smirked and cocked an eyebrow. Though he wasn't too fond of Silas he couldn't hold in the news any longer. "So, what if I told you, he is...the weapon."

"Seriously? Isaac, oh man!"

Isaac could hear the man's excitement through the phone. He knew he liked Jayden as an employee and even more so as someone he could try schmoozing with. Despite the announcement of his engagement to Jayden just two weeks ago, Silas was determined to try turning Jayden's head. And just to see Silas fail miserably, Isaac let it go on.

"Yep. He's coming back in to meet with human resources soon. He's hesitant about it, but I promised him he wouldn't be getting a lot of flak from people around here and no special favors."

Except after hours on the desk, under it...

Isaac smiled wickedly at the thought. The last time he and Jayden made love in the office was one of his last days before going to Rosario.

"That's great news Isaac. You sure you're not into sharing 'cause..."

"Never in a million years, Silas. You know I'm not into that and neither is he." Isaac shook his head, hoping this guy was kidding with that comment.

"Well, one could always ask and hope. Anyways, that's good news. Perhaps he could teach the new interns something."

Isaac leaned back again and plopped his feet up on the desk. "That's what I was thinking." Isaac toyed with a pen, twirling it with his fingers. Talking with Silas about the company business which he could've learned himself bored the hell out of him. If only Junior cared about this company like his rotten old dad did.

"Nice work, Isaac. Keep me abreast of the situation and let me know when that hot man of yours comes into the office."

Isaac could hear the smile in his voice.

Slimeball.

Never in life had he ever met someone as crude as Silas Denton Junior. "Uh, yeah, whatever, Silas. I gotta go. I'm meeting my lovely man for lunch−"

Just as Isaac was about to hang up, he heard a small knock then the door opened wide. Jayden stepped in dressed to the nines in a stylish black suit Isaac purchased for him as a gift for leaving Rosario. Unlike the night he picked him up from his apartment a while back, Jayden appeared refreshed with no facial hair and his eyes shining a bright light brown.

Although he'd clipped his luxurious black hair a few inches, it still reached the center of his back. He'd been working out as of late and taking kickboxing for self-defense. No matter what he wore, he looked all kinds of hot and delicious. Isaac couldn't help but ogle Jayden and lick his lips.

Damn, and he's all mine.

"Hey, uh, Silas, I gotta go, really." Silas' words fell on deaf ears and Isaac grabbed his crotch, massaging his dick through the fabric.

Distracted, he placed the phone down and stood, not bothering to hide the tent in his trousers. "Baby."

Jayden strutted in with a large bag in his hand. He placed it on the desk and flashed Isaac a wry smile while removing the holder from his hair. "I thought you might want to lunch here, babe. I don't know how swamped you are to make time−"

Though hungry, Isaac's desire for food held no comparison to his want for Jayden. He stared in awe at how Jayden's hair flowed over his broad shoulders.

"I am, but I can always make time for you." He ambled around the desk, meeting his lovers' heated gaze. He reached for Jayden who'd met him halfway and yanked him in for a crushing embrace. The minute their mouths met, Isaac's breath caught in his chest and his cock pulsated under his slacks.

Jayden wrapped his arms around Isaac's neck and reciprocated the kiss, with more fervor and passion than he could handle. "Mmph, I missed you."

"Missed you too." Isaac held him around the waist. "You know, it's something about this office. I mean, I love kissing you period, but especially here."

"Because of the last time we made love here, mi amor?"

"I believe it is, Jayden. I'm excited to have late night rendezvous here with you."

"Mhmm, I'm looking forward to that, Isaac. Perhaps we should try finding out where all the cameras are so we won't give the security people a show?"

Isaac grinned and swatted Jayden's buttocks, gripping them tightly. He'd never get tired of putting his hands on Jayden DeMario. "Yes I s'pose so, lover, even though, I'm pretty big when it comes to kink."

* * * *

Jayden flinched and gasped when Isaac's hand met his ass cheeks. The sting jilted him a little, but at the same time it made his cock rock hard under his slacks. Seeing Isaac did things to him he could hardly explain. He'd never been in love before, but deep down he just knew Isaac was the right man for him.

And why wouldn't he be? Isaac had class.

Style.

In his expensive suits that fit snug in all the right places, his taut body was a delicious treat waiting to be unwrapped. Caramel colored, clean shaven head with a perfectly trimmed beard and moustache, he looked like a model in a men's fashion magazine. 

Though he was the younger man, Jayden could barely keep up with him when they made love. His heart raced and he was out of breath after each session of marathon sex.

Jayden's decision to return to Bridges & Denton was more than just a choice to work at the company that appreciated him; he wanted to be closer to Isaac.

Closer to the man who made him happier than anyone ever did.

"Isaac." Jayden wrapped his arms around Isaac's body and finagled his hands underneath his suit jacket, tugging at the hem of his shirt. When he felt skin, he held on tightly and locked lips with his man.

"Mmph, Jayden, God please babe. In a minute I'm gonna close the drapes," he smiled and went back to kissing him like there was no tomorrow.

"Do it. Lunch will stay hot for a while and even if it didn't, you have a microwave." Jayden's hands drifted down to the front of Isaac's trousers. His hands shook from the excitement of making love in the office at lunch time.

Jayden slid the zipper down and reached inside, massaging Isaac's dick through his black boxer briefs. He rubbed the head through the soft fabric and gently caressed his balls.

"F...fuck...ugh, J. Damn, J." He tore himself away and leaned over the desk. "Hey, hold all calls and no visits for at least an hour, all right?"

Smart move.

Jayden tossed his blazer aside and yanked Isaac's pants down until they bunched around his thighs. He wanted to be the one on top for this mid-afternoon love session and he was pretty sure Isaac would agree to it.

His secretary's laugh sounded through the intercom. "I already knew that, boss. Too bad I can't be a fly on that wall."

Upon hearing that, Jayden cocked an eyebrow. "Not this time, Miss. In fact, never."

Isaac grinned at Jayden's response and shucked his jacket off his shoulders. 

Jayden helped him with the task and unbuckled his own belt. Nervousness filled him at the thought of doing something so risky, but the thought of filling Isaac with the threat of getting caught thrilled him to no end.

Just thinking about what could happen had him hard as nails. In the year they'd been dating, Isaac had that kind of effect on him

"Mmph, hurry, Isaac. I want inside you."

"Damn I love it when you take command." Isaac pushed his trousers and underwear down together, giving Jayden a view of his ass.

"I know you do." Jayden sucked in a breath while he jerked his cock repeatedly. Gently, he thumbed the head, causing his dick to weep. When he got just enough of it on his fingers, he rubbed Isaac's rosy pucker with the excess and pushed a finger inside.

One. Two.

Jayden counted and pierced Isaac with his index, then another, loosening his man up for his sweet invasion. "God you're so..."

"Not as tight anymore," he laughed and continued working his own shaft.

"Only because I refuse to let you have all the fun," Jayden remarked with a smirk and removed both digits. He pulled the small bottle of lube from his pocket and squeezed more onto his hand. Once he felt it was enough, he slowly slid three fingers back into Isaac.

"Damn, Jayden, mmph. I can't take it anymore babe. Go on, get in there." Isaac pleaded and grabbed Jayden's bicep.

Jayden groaned from the pain in his groin. Though aroused, Jayden didn't want to give in so soon. Jayden watched Isaac's hole contract around his fingers, enjoying the sight.

One more...

Slowly, he pulled out then slipped four in, moving them around to stretch Isaac some more. His breath caught in his chest and his cock throbbed with need to fill Isaac to the brim. "We're leaving the curtains open...boss. I'm hoping someone will watch."

"You're dirty, babe and I like it. You been watching office porn?"

"Being off the last two weeks, I've had a lot free time, Isaac. I wasn't working out or kickboxing all the time." Jayden slapped Isaac's ass cheeks and pulled out again. He crouched down to place Isaac's legs on him without removing the rest of his clothes. He'd seen something like this on an internet site and wanted to try it with Isaac. He had no idea it would be this soon, but today was as good of an opportunity as ever.

"Mmph...not sure how long I'm going to last, but..." Jayden hovered over Isaac, slowly pushing his dick in. The first feeling of Isaac's ass surrounding him sent jolts of electricity throughout his body. Though he'd topped Isaac several times already, that sensation never waned and he didn't want it to. He slid in further until his cock was completely enveloped by his man. "Mmph." Jayden nibbled on his bottom lip and began to move methodically. "Oh Isaac." He closed his eyes and placed both hands on either side of Isaac's head.

"J...oh fuck." Isaac reached for Jayden, wrapping his arms around his neck. "Damn, feeling you inside me..."

"Mhmm..." Jayden quickened the pace of his thrusts and dipped his tongue in between Isaac's lips.

Isaac sucked it into his mouth and squeezed him tight.

"Jesus...f..." Jayden tore his mouth away and pushed harder. He tried his best to stave off the climax, but the feeling of Isaac around him was too great to ignore. Being so close to coming was enough to drive him mad; so much for the long sex session.

Only a minute or so passed before his vision become cloudy and his movements erratic. Jayden shuddered, feeling the heat swirl around him.

"Ja..." The moment Isaac spoke, long ropes shot out of his cock, covering them both. He writhed on top of the desk and small pellets of sweat gathered on his brow.

Watching Isaac in the throes of his orgasm excited Jayden. He shook and gnashed his teeth together, pumping Isaac repeatedly. He filled Isaac with his release and slammed their lips together in a crushing embrace. "I love you Isaac..."

Isaac moved Jayden's hair from his face and his hazel gaze met Jayden. "I love you too, baby and welcome back to Bridges."