 This is a multipart story that explores various themes. Based on 5% fact and 95% fiction. This is my first story so be gentle with me. Comments welcome.

*****

I can clearly remember the moment my life changed. Well, it was hard to forget because I was on my back getting my ass pounded to submission while moaning and groaning like a bitch in heat.

Let's back this up a bit and let me give you more background. 

I'm a black guy, late 30s, good looking, in reasonably good shape, software developer... basically, your generic middle class guy. This middle class guy has a secret though, he loves cock. Actually he loves being fucked by cock. Especially when high on poppers. He thinks of it as indulging his inner slut. Letting that inner slut come out to play. I really don't consider myself to be bisexual. I'm just a horny guy who loves fucking women and loves being fucked by men. And I prefer my men to be white, nasty and dominant. There's something about a white cock entering a black ass that's just so damn sexy. It's even sexier when its a nasty white guy who gets off on verbal trash talking and loves dominating black men. I just love the role reversal. In porn it's normally the black men who are dominant, porn in general tends to be generic and formulaic, like watching a superhero movie, you know how its gonna end even before its started. I like the role reversal and there's no reversal that turns me on like a white guy dominating a black dude. The weird thing is that I loved dominating women. I love submissive, trash talking slutty kind of woman. The ones who want to be used and objectified. I understood what they wanted, pure animalistic release and an opportunity to cater to their deepest darkest perversions without being judged. 

So anyway I have this fuck buddy who I'll call Rob. We'd met on manhunt years ago and we'd been fuck buddies for like five years now. He's the closest I'd ever call a boyfriend. He's a white guy, late 30s about 5'10'', very easy going, laidback gay guy. Rob had been my side thing through two hetero relationships. The women never found out I was cheating on them let alone cheating on them with another guy. It would have been scandalous if they had. The thing about Rob is that I couldn't resist him simply because he knew how to fuck me and he fucked me good. He touched all my buttons just the way they needed to be touched. Our fuck sessions were intense, nasty fuck sessions. This wasn't lovemaking, this was pure fuckery!! And I loved it!.

I'd normally hook up with Rob once a month if I was in a relationship or two-three times a month if I was single. For some reason, being single drove my cock lust to new highs maybe because I wasn't getting laid. Anyway at this time I was single. I'd been out of a relationship for close to two years and surviving on Rob and numerous female booty calls. The previous relationship had been a bitch and ended up badly, I had no desire to be stuck in relationship nirvana. 

Saturday morning, I wake up with a mild hangover. Had a few drinks with some friends last night. For some reason, hangovers make me damn horny and today wasn't an exception. My fingers went down to my asscheeks, separated them and I started fingering my hole. I needed some of that Rob magic today. I whipped up my phone and sent him a message.

Me: Hi

Rob: Hi

Me: Been a while...how you keeping?

Rob: All good, you?

Me: All good, just lusting for your fat white cock in me!!

Rob: My fucking horny black slut wants cock??

Me: Yea, I'm fingering my slut hole wishing your fat white cock was in me, pounding it good.

Rob: Fucking horny slut, bring over that black faggot ass!

Me: Lemme clean up this black faggot ass for you, be there in bout 40

Rob: Cool

I was up in a flash, my 7 inch cock rock hard and ready to go. I went to the bathroom, got out my douche kit and cleaned myself up. Took a shower after that and oiled myself. Got into my gym shorts, no underwear, and a t-shirt and I was out of the house.  

His house was about 30 minutes away, a deliciously long time when you're in heat! We were chatting all the way. I was a slut in heat and he knew it and he indulged it telling me what he was gonna do to me, how he was gonna make me choke on his cock, how he'd punish me for making him wait for so long. By the time I got to his place I was ready to go. He lived in a small cottage in a big compound which he owned. He has rented out the main house to some white woman and moved into the cottage. A pretty smart move considering the woman was now paying for his mortgage. So I get to his gate and send him a text.

Me: I'm here

He opened the gate from his cottage. Going to his cottage meant passing his tenant's driveway. I'd actually never seen the tenant. She was always out and about and none of my damn business. Today was different though. She was busy washing dishes in the kitchen when I passed by. She smiled at me and I smiled back. Her kitchen overlooked the garden for the cottage but Rob had put in blinds in the cottage so she couldn't see into the house. 

I walked into the cottage, closed and locked the door and immediately got into action. 

"Take off your clothes, kneel down and suck my cock you black slut!," Rob said. 

No foreplay, just straight into action with lots of dirty talk...just the way I liked it!

I quickly threw off my shorts and t-shirt and was gulping down his cock in a second.

"You've missed this fat white cock bitch?"

"Yes I have. I''ve been lusting for this cock fucking me like a whore"

"Show me, suck that white cock good before it fucks your slut black hole."

I was so horny and in such lust, I was practically moaning as I drooled on his cock, trying to cram as much of it as I could in my mouth, saliva dripping lewdly from my mouth as I tongued his balls while stroking his cock.

"Get in the bedroom now," Rob growled.

I quickly grabbed my poppers and literally ran to the bedroom, jumped on the bed and got on my knees.

I unscrewed the poppers and took a deep hit. As I waited for the inevitable rush, I could feel Rob behind me as I knelt on the bed, face up ass down. He spread my buttcheeks wide and then I felt that awesome sensation of a tongue eating ass. One thing I love about Rob is that he enjoys eating ass and he knows how to do it. Most women who eat ass do it unenthusiastically like their doing you a favor or ticking off a box in their kink quota box. Rob loved to eat ass and he was good at it. He slobbered on my asshole, spreading my buttcheeks wide to gain more access, spitting on my hole before devouring it with long strokes of his tongue. Sticking his tongue deep in my ass and fucking me with his tongue. I fucking loved it. I was in the midst of animalistic passion, the popper rush making me incredibly horny and slutty. This was heaven. 

5 minutes of incredible butt munching passed before Robb finally came up for breath. His mouth was replaced by his fingers as he prepared me for the next step. He started working his fat fingers in me, loosening me up for what was to come. I was like a bitch in heat with my head on the pillow, legs wide open, ass in the air and my hands spreading my buttcheeks, my dark asshole there for him to use.

He grabbed a bottle of lube and started working lube in me while stroking himself. We never fucked with a condom as we were both on Prep. 

After a few minutes of opening up my hole, I felt him shift as he lined up his cock to my asshole. He gently pushed his cock in me, easily brushing off the resistance while I moaned in heat. Pain shot through my body but he could sense it, he backed off and slowly pushed back in again.

"Your hole is tight slut, you need to bring it to me more often for me to open it up," he grunted as he pushed further deeper in me.

"I will. Fuck your asshole, it's yours. This black slut loves your cock." 

"I'm gonna fuck it good, open up that asshole bitch!"

He pushed deeper as I groaned and moaned with every push. Finally he bottomed out and paused to let me get used to him. I moaned and reached out for the poppers, I took a deep double hit and waited for the sensations to get to me. This is the part I loved, being high on poppers with a bare cock in me , throbbing and pounding me. My slutty alter-ego was now in full control. I didn't care about anything or anyone in the world, just that wonderful cock in my ass.

"Fuck me. Fuck your black faggot slut," I begged him as the poppers washed over me.

He pulled out his cock half way and then pushed it back in. Slowly getting me used to his girth. Within a minute he had quickened his pace, moaning while pumping my black ass. I could only pant and moan as he quickened even further and started really pounding into me. Both of us were moaning now. I pushed back further into him, meeting his thrusts as my ass loosened up. 

"You like that cock in you faggot?" he asked.

"I love it, love it, love it,'' was all I could say.

"Open up that asshole. You've been keeping me horny for days, making me wait for that tight ass now fuck yourself on my cock," he growled as he pushed me further into the bed. 

I was in my own world now. The effects of the poppers were wearing off and I could feel every inch of his cock in me. I reached out for the poppers, took another big hit and reached out to caress his butt, willing him to fuck me more deeper.

He pulled out his cock and spun me around. I knew what he wanted. Much as I loved doggy, he loved missionary so we always had a pattern, doggy to get me into the zone, missionary to get him into the zone. 

I shifted to my back and raised my legs so he could enter me easily.

"Put in more lube," I said.

He lathered lube on his cock, guided his cock to my hole and with one swift motion, shoved his cock deep in me.

I grunted and whimpered as he pounded me. I was a picture of utter lust and helplessness while he was in control. I remembered the many times I'd fucked women in this same position, bending them over with their legs on my shoulders, fucking them while watching them with a detached expression on my face as I wondered how they felt, dominating them with my masculinity. Now I was the one helpless, moaning and groaning while a white cock pounded my black ass. Wondering what my ex-girlfriends would think if they saw me like this. Me, the proud arrogant black dude now being used as a plaything by some white guy. The thought was so arousing, I almost came and had to stop stroking my cock. I wasn't ready to cum yet, I needed a good pounding and I knew Rob could last a while. 

I opened my eyes and reached for the poppers and that's when I saw her, a blonde face staring at me from the window, eyes and mouth wide open in shock. Our eyes met and we stared at each other across the room. 

At this point I couldn't care. I was in lust and all I cared about was this white guy pounding me.Rob's back was facing her so he didn't know he had an audience. My slut side went into overdrive. I wanted this woman to know that I'm a black slut who loves being fucked. I raised my hips up him to give Rob better access and the woman a better view. Rob pinned my shoulders on the bed and accelerated his pounding. 

"Fuck that ass, fuck my slutty black faggot ass," I shouted. I wanted her to hear everything.

Rob pounded maniacally, his hands squeezing my thighs as he got into the zone. I knew he was close to the edge so I frantically started stroking myself while he fucked away. The pounding was intense, a mixture of pain, pleasure and submission. 

"I love this, make this faggot yours, cum in this faggot," I moaned.

My words seemed to spur him on last time, I felt him tense up and he quickly removed his cock from my ass. He stroked his cock and sprayed my cock with cum just as I was cumming. My body tensed and shivered as waves and waves of pleasure took a hold of me. I lay gasping for breath on the bed as sweat glistened from our bodies. Rob smeared his cum all over my body, claiming me as his bitch. I gradually came off this high and reached over to kiss him. Our tongues collided as we kissed. I looked at the window and the woman was gone. We smiled as the high wore off. Now that I got what I wanted, my alter-ego was fine. Sated and happy to retreat back into the dark recesses of my mind as my public self took over.

"That was damn hot," I said.

"It was," Rob replied.

"Mind if I take a quick shower?" I said as I got up. 

"No problem" 

I went into the shower as Rob followed me and we mutually cleaned ourselves. His cock was now puffy and veiny, no indication of the monster it had been a few minutes ago. 

I dressed up quickly and Rob escorted me out. No words were spoken, no words were necessary. 

"I'll see you next time," I told him as I got to the gate. 

"Cool," he said with a smile, "take care."

"You too," I replied back. 

As I was about to enter the car, I noticed a piece of paper stuck on my windscreen wipers.

"Bloody real estate agents," I thought to myself.

I removed the paper and got into the car. Unfolded it and got a surprise.

"I loved the show you gave me earlier, whatsapp me on the number below. Kisses, your friend's tenant."