 This is chapter 15 of the story about me, Teddy, Adam and our girlfriends, Li and Katie. This chapter can stand alone. It was a very special night for Adam and me; a turning point. It wasn't our first time together, but a first in many ways. 

Chapter 15...Something Fine

The first day that Kate was away was quite eventful. I was closer to Heather than I ever thought I would be. I'd always found her attractive, but had just thought of her as one of those cute ditzy blondes. She wasn't really intellectual, but she wasn't stupid. She'd seen Adam and me together in the tool shed and was rather excepting. 

I'd told her all about Li, Kate, Adam and me. I didn't tell her all about Kate though. Our true relationship would remain a secret. She does know how I feel about her though, and how I feel about Li. She seems to understand how I feel about Adam too; wish I did.

My shower with Adam was a totally new experience. I wanted to give myself to him at the time, but afterward I felt so vulnerable and weak. I felt like less than a man. I would never do that with anyone but Adam. I didn't regret it. I actually loved it as it happened. It was just difficult to come to grips with afterward. I would not have hesitated to do it again if he want that. I would have done just about anything to please him. I wanted to try everything with him.

After a light dinner, Annie and Heather went off to Annie's room. Adam and I decided to go to his room and listen to some records. Li had decorated the little room really well. She and Adam had picked up some rugs and tapestries, as well a big brass incense burner and a Buddha statue in the city and it looked very Asian. Adam had also bought a small stereo, some nice little speakers and several albums.

I was sitting on Adam's bed as he put on Jackson Browne's first album, lit some candles and incense and brought out a carved wooden box. From the box he produced a brass pipe and a cube wrapped in aluminum foil. He unwrapped the foil and presented me with a big chunk of hashish. "That's the last of my Moroccan Chocolate. I was there in the spring and smuggled back a kilo. Sold most of it but kept an ounce for myself. That's the last few grams. Load that bowl, brother. I think you'll be impressed" 

I pinched a pea-sized piece off the chunk and crumbled it in the bowl.. Adam handed me his Zippo and said, "Spark 'er up." I let the flame lick the hash as I inhaled; slowly and deeply. I handed him the pipe and let the expanding cloud escape my lungs. After just the slightest hack, I whispered, "Ahhh, man."

"A man that knows how to smoke hash. I'm proud of ya. So many dudes try to show off and take these big giant tokes and hold it like pot, man. Then that shit expands and they nearly cough up a lung. Its funny as hell, but a serious waste of good smoke, man." Adam took the pipe and lighter back. He let the flame gently flicker across the bowl and took himself a healthy hit. He let the smoke out with a sigh. After another hit each the bowl was spent.

"It'll creep on ya brother. If you think yer high now, just wait. Its got a real cerebral high, more head than body," Adam chuckled. "Fuckin' hot in here, aint it?" Adam took off his t-shirt and tossed it on a chair.

"Yeah, it is," I said and took off my shirt as well. I watched Adam as he turned the album over. It was amazing to me just how attractive I found him. I had never looked at another guy that way before. I was beyond the point of denying it to myself or feeling guilty about it. I was just surprised. I wondered why these feelings occurred at that point in my life. If I had been gay, or bi, wouldn't I have had those feelings all along? The other experiences I'd had with guys were purely sexual. I had enjoyed them, but there was no deep emotion.

Adam started side two of the album. He loaded the bowl again and took a toke. He handed me the pipe and took a drink from his bottle of Chianti. It was one of those old bottles in a basket. He sat down beside me. He watched me draw on the pipe. After I let the smoke out we swapped the wine bottle for the pipe.

We sat listening to the music as we finished the bowl and drank the wine. We spoke a little and laughed a lot. We sang some. We swayed to the music and leaned into one another. Before long, we found ourselves in an embrace. Soon we were kissing. We shared long, passionate kisses. In a blur of stoned and drunken passion, we found ourselves naked and entangled on Adam's bed. We kissed in wild abandon. We groped and clawed at one another. There was no doubt, at that point that we were lovers. It was just the two of us. I wanted him and he wanted me.

We kissed, bit and licked each other al over. We ended up in the sixty-nine position. Adam was fucking my face and I was taking his cock all the way into my mouth. I wanted Adam to cum in my mouth so bad. I needed to taste him. Just as I felt he was about to cum, he pulled away.

Adam turned and brought his face to mine. He held me close and kissed me tenderly. As strange as all that was, it was incredibly sexy. "I want you to fuck me," he whispered so softly that I could scarcely here him.

"I want to fuck you," I whispered back.

"Fuck me. I want you inside me."

Adam opened a drawer in the night stand by the bed and brought out a bottle of scented body oil. He poured the oil in his palm and applied it to my hard, throbbing cock. He stroked my cock for just a few seconds. The exotic aroma of the oil reached my nose and sent a wave of bliss through my head. I'd never smelled any thing like it. I never wanted it to stop. But he did stop.

Adam lay on his stomach and rubbed his taut, muscular butt with his oily hand. His fingers trailed all along the crack. He spread the cheeks and massaged his puckered butthole with his slick oily finger. I wanted that. I wanted to fuck that. I knew that Adam wanted it. I wanted to fuck Adam so much.

Adam raised his smooth white ass and I moved between his legs. I gripped the smooth, slick cheek and kneaded the flesh as if it was a woman's breast. It was much firmer but it was more relaxed in this position than when I'd felt it before. Adam moaned. I ran my middle finger up and down the crack several times and watched the goose flesh rise on his skin. I found his leather cheerio; his crinkled rosebud. I teased Adam's hole with the tip of my finger, running it around and around the rim. Then I slowly slid it into him. He tensed up a bit and I whispered, "Relax. Just relax,"as I inserted more of my finger into him. 

I probed and searched for that magic spot. That location where a touch against the prostate can send a guy over the edge. I knew the instant I found it. I could hear Adam's gasp. I teased and toyed with that spot as I fingered Adam's ass. I grazed it a bit with each stroke. I knew that he was about to get off. I knew he was ready for me. I knew too that I was ready for him; ready to fuck him.

I withdrew my finger and Adam released a disappointed sigh. The head of my throbbing cock was soon pressing against Adam's dark, forbidden treasure. I spread him open with my thumbs and slid my oily cock between those muscular cheeks. I pushed the head of my cock against his forbidden opening. I had let him have me, now I would have him. I pressed harder and penetrated Adam's puckered, virgin butthole. I felt him tensed around the crown of my cock. "Relax," I repeated, in as soothing a voice as I could manage.

I gently massaged Adam's back and held as still as possible. He gradually began to feel more at ease and I slid a bit more of my hardness into him; then more and more. Adam held his breath until I was all way in him. I felt my loins against his firm ass. Adam sighed as my hand moved around to grasp his cock.

I gripped tighter as I pulled back. I began to stroke his gorgeous twitching member with my greasy mitt. My hand slipped along his dick as my cock slid back and forth in his tight warm ass. We found a natural rhythm is our sex, just as we had in our music. I positioned my self to try and find that magic spot. Adam let me know with a moan when my cock grazed it. 

Things became a blur of passion and emotion after that. We moaned and sighed as I stroked Adam's beautiful cock and slammed his ass, raking that mystic spot with each thrust. It was tighter than any pussy I could remember. It was like no sex I had ever known. It was as if we had discovered something new, something unheard of. We were one.

Within only a few minutes I felt Adam begin to tensed up and I knew he was a bout to cum. I stroked faster and pumped harder. As his hot cum began to spew, I gathered it in my hand ad spread it all over his cock and stroked as he shot another load, and yet another. 

I continued sliding my hand along Adam's cock and kept fucking his hot , tight ass until I could hold back no longer. I shoved my cock as deep into Adam I could. He moaned out loud and I let go with a stream of hot cum, deep into my lover. Yes, Adam was my lover. It was a monumental orgasm. It originated from deep in my body, or deep in my soul. It was as intense an orgasm. as I had ever known. 

Adam crumpled to the mattress and I nearly crushed him as I fell on him. I rolled over right away. It was hot and I didn't want to suffocate him.

We lay there wordlessly. I felt that I had been part of some completely new experience. Adam and I had just partaken in some bold and powerful excursion into unknown territory. No person in human history was privileged to have felt the things we had felt. At that moment Adam was everything to me, every man that had ever lived; my father, my son, my brother and lover; every one and everything.