 I think that I was high. I had gone down to a friend's dorm room to see if he could hook me up with some marijuana. The year was 1973, and I was a freshman at a big, midwestern university. My name is Jack (6 feet, 202 pounds, high school athlete from the suburbs of Detroit). Up until today, I had never smoked pot. I decided that I wanted to try it, and my roommate had suggested that I see Michael (casual friend and dorm mate). Michael was happy to help me. He taught me how to toke (we shared a joint) and provided me with a free joint to smoke later. Oh, and he had me suck his cock.

Michael said that he had to take a quick shower (he was headed out for a date) and suggested that I work on the joint we had been sharing. So here I am, sitting on his bed, with my pants around my ankles, contemplating what had just happened and in walks Carl, Michael's roommate.

Carl is a black kid from Detroit. Not tall. Probably 5 foot, 8 or 9 inches, and slender. He was at the university on a full, academic scholarship and was planning on majoring in electrical engineering. I had not spoken with Carl often. Hell, I hadn't even spoken with Michael THAT often, although I've known him for a couple of months. Now, I find myself in Carl's room with my pants down and high. Was I high? I've never really felt this way before, and I had never smoked pot before. I'm guessing that I was high and I'm babbling.

What I do know, is that I should probably not be sitting on Michael's bed with my pants around my ankles, so I set the joint on the bed and promptly raised my pants.

CARL: Hey! That's my bed, man.

He rushed over and picked up the joint and placed it in the ashtray on Michael's desk, at least I think it was Michael's desk, but then, I thought that I was on Michael's bed.

JACK: Oh. Sorry. I thought it was Michael's.

CARL (chuckling and shaking his head): That's not the point. It's not a good idea to put a joint on a mattress. Haven't you ever heard not to smoke in bed? Where is Michael?

Michael? Where was Michael? Damn. Did I actually give him a blow job? How can such a small guy have such a large dick? I was so fuckin' horny. Fuck. I'm still horny. I need to get back to my room and pound one out. I'm babbling again.

CARL (now snapping his fingers): Jack! Where is Michael?

JACK: Sorry. He went to take a shower. He should be right back.

Carl knew his roommate, and was pretty certain what had taken place in this room prior to his arriving, but decided to have a little fun with Jack.

CARL: So you and Michael got high, and you decided to jack off on my bed while he was gone?

Me? Jackoff? I don't think so. I'm still so fuckin' horny and I don't remember jackin' off. All that I remember is Michael's cock, swallowing his cum, and his cumming on my face. My face? Shit. I think I still have cum on my face.

JACK: Aaaaaah. No. I wasn't. I ... ah ... I was just finishing up a joint. Sorry. I didn't know it was your bed.

CARL: Don't worry about it. I didn't know you smoked pot, Jack.

JACK: Aaaah ... I don't ... or I never have before. I ... ah ... think I need to get back to my room. Sorry, Carl. 

With that, I made sure that I had the free joint that Michael had given me, and I scurried out the door. The bathroom/showers were down the hall. I decided to run in and wash my face off. Michael was in there and he was trying to dry that long hair of his, brushing it out.

MICHAEL: Hey Jack. Let me know if you'd like any more pot.

I looked over at him, and he removed his towel, displaying that cock of his again. He turned around and ran the towel up and down his legs, now showing me that slender and smooth ass. As he leaned over to get at his ankles, I saw his balls and dick dangling from the other side. I also got a glimpse of his hole (I believe that you know what hole I am speaking of). Damn. I was so horny. He stood back up, wrapping the towel back around his waist.

JACK: Carl's in your room. Aaah ... I didn't know we were on his bed.

MICHAEL: Relax. It was not a big deal. Just let me know when you would like some more pot. I'm sure that I can hook you up with a guy that will be able to supply you.

With that, Michael left the bath, and returned to his room. I returned to my room, contemplating what had happened ... and I took care of that stiff piece of wood that had been bothering me.

Michael walked into his room and saw Carl at his desk, with his math book open. 

MICHAEL: Hey Carl. I saw Jack in the showers. He told me you were back. How was your test?

CARL: It wasn't much of a test. We are still covering things that I had in high school, and may be doing so for the rest of the semester. It will be an easy A. Jack told me that you hooked him up with some pot.

MICHAEL: Yeah. He seemed to enjoy it. He really loosened up once it took effect.

CARL (laughing): I could tell. I think I caught him jacking off on my bed. He must have shot a large load, because he had cum on his face.

MICHAEL: That wasn't his cum. He gave me a blow job and I got some on his face.

CARL: Really? I didn't know he was gay.

MICHAEL: I don't think he is. I think that the pot made him highly submissive. He was mesmerized by my dick. I offered it to him. He didn't refuse. It wasn't the best blowjob I've ever had, but it was a mouth. Who knows? He seemed to enjoy it and took orders pretty well.

CARL: What are you doing tonight?

MICHAEL: I have a date with Gail. That is another reason that I took advantage of Jack's mouth. Gail has let it be known that she will not put out until she is certain it's the right guy. I hate this wining and dining shit, even if it is just a burger and a movie. It is so much easier with guys. They're willing to do the sex first, and eat later.

CARL: I hear ya. So, you said that Jack was submissive?

MICHAEL: Yeah. It seemed that all I had to do was ask nicely, say please, and he did what I asked. He was mesmerized by my big dick.

CARL: Damn. If he was "mesmerized" by your puny dick, he needs to see mine. I could use a regular suck buddy.

Michael had been getting dressed during their discussion.

MICHAEL: You may have to get him high to get in that mouth, but I'll talk with you later. I've gotta run.

With that, Michael was out the door. Carl went back to his math book, but his thoughts drifted to Jack and the possibilities that could be presented. Like Michael, Carl was bi. He dated on a regular basis, but also like Michael, he found that if you could find a guy that was willing to suck a cock, or better yet, take one up the ass, you would not have to jack off very often. Guys were always horny and finding a new cocksucker was always fun.

Back in Jack's room, Jack was still feeling the effects of the joint that he and Michael had shared. He knew that he liked the euphoric feeling that he got from the pot. He was not as certain about how he felt about sucking Michael's cock. Jack was still amazed by the size of Michael's cock. Such a big cock, on such a small guy. Even after jacking off, he was horny. He was in his boxer shorts and he started to rub his crotch again. Then, his roommate, Alan walked in.

ALAN: Whoa! Dammit Jack. If you're going to do that, at least lock the door. I don't need to see that.

JACK: Sorry Al. I went down to see Michael, and he and I shared a joint. It seems to make me horny.

ALAN: Whatever. I'll leave for 15 minutes. Will that be enough time?

JACK: No. Don't leave. I'm sorry. I don't really need to do this.

With that, I got my clothes back on. I asked Alan if he was hungry. It was almost meal time downstairs at the cafeteria. Who knows what they were serving, but I was fuckin' hungry. I'd really like some cookies.

Alan and I headed out to the cafeteria, walking towards the stairwell. We had to pass Michael's room. The door was open, and I saw Carl at his desk. He looked up just as we were passing. Then I heard Carl shouting out to me.

CARL: Jack! Jack! Hold up a sec, please?

Well ... he did say please. Alan and I stopped, and Carl came out into the hallway. He was just wearing a pair of shorts and some flip flops. While the dorm was co-ed, the floors were separated by the sexes. We occasionally had girls on our floor, but seeing a guy go shirtless was not an uncommon event.

CARL: Thanks Jack. Hi Al. Jack, I was wondering if you could help me with something. Michael told me that you were a whiz with math, and I'm having trouble with a calculus problem.

I was surprised. I thought that Carl was one of the smartest guys on the floor, if not in the whole dorm and if he couldn't understand a math problem, how the fuck was I going to help? I was good in math, but I didn't think that I was in his league.

JACK: Sure. I'd be happy to take a look. Al and I were headed down to get something to eat. Is it a complicated problem? Will it take much time?

CARL: I'm not sure how much time it will take. I'm convinced that I'm missing something simple, but who knows. I've got something that I need to take care of anyway. Can you drop by around 8 tonight? Michael told me that you seemed to enjoy that joint this afternoon. Once we figure out the problem, I'll show you how to use a bong.

JACK: Ok. I've never heard of a bong.

CARL: You're gonna love it.

Alan and I headed on to the cafeteria. Carl returned to his room. Carl was a chess player, and he was always thinking a few moves ahead. That had gone well. 

At a little after 8, I returned to Carl's room, knocked on the door and was told to enter. Carl was sitting at his desk, with his math book open. He was shirtless again. He smiled as he saw me enter.

CARL: Hi Jack. Thanks for coming over. I actually may have gotten it figured out, but if you don't mind looking it over, I would appreciate it.

JACK: Sure thing. Let's see what you've got.

I proceeded to look over his problems, which involved reciprocals of derivatives. I was good at math, but this was way over my head.

JACK: Wow! I wish that I could help you Carl, but this is pretty advanced for me. I'm just a beginner with calculus. Michael told you that I could answer this for you?

CARL: Not really. He mentioned that you were good with math. I was just taking a chance. Like I said, I think I've got it figured out, but I appreciate you stopping in. I'm done with studying for the night. How about if I show you that bong?

JACK: Um. Sure, but I still don't know what a bong is.

CARL: It's like a water pipe. It seems to lessen the harshness of the pot, while not decreasing the euphoric effects. Would you like to give it a try?

JACK: Yeah. I enjoyed that joint this afternoon. I think that I'd like to try some more.

Carl reached into the lower drawer of his desk, and brought out this purple tube, with what looked to be a pipe sticking out the side, and water inside. He packed some weed into the bowl, and proceeded to bring the tube to his lips. He lit the weed in the bowl and inhaled through the tube. You could see smoke fill the chamber above the water and then he moved his thumb, and poof ... the smoke was gone. Apparently, he inhaled it all.

JACK: Whoa. How does that work? What did you do?

Carl smiled, holding his breath. He held up a finger, then exhaled. He explained.

CARL: You hold your thumb over this hole in the back, while you suck through the pipe. Once you move your thumb, the smoke that has gathered in the tube, rushes into your lungs. I would suggest that you just try a quick hit the first couple of times. It can be a little overwhelming until you get used to it.

So I gave it a try. Must've gotten too big of a hit, because I wound up coughing the first time. Carl was laughing. He said that it always happens the first time, but to try it again. I did, and it went better. Already, that feeling was returning. Carl and I traded the bong back and forth a few times.

CARL: So, how are you feeling? Are you enjoying this?

JACK: Yes. This if fuckin' great.

CARL: Have a seat (pointing at his bed). Let the feeling take full effect.

I sat back down, where I had been this afternoon while I was smoking with Michael. Carl asked about what other classes I was taking this semester, and we chatted about school for a little while. He was standing by his desk, and I noticed that he was getting a bulge in his shorts. Apparently I was staring.

CARL: Damn. I'm sorry Jack, but dope just makes me horny.

I looked up at him. I smiled. I knew that feeling. I was horny all afternoon, and I was getting that feeling again.

CARL: Would you like to try something else Jack? Have you ever jacked off with a buddy?

JACK: No. I'm not gay. 

I wondered what Michael had told Carl. Did he know that I had sucked Michael's cock this afternoon?

CARL: It's not gay Jack. We're just stoking our dicks at the same time. Like I said, pot just makes me horny.

I could understand that. Pot seems to make me horny as well, and I was getting horny. I glanced down at his bulge, and it seemed bigger. Carl then proceeded to drop his shorts. There must be something in the water to this room, because while I thought Michael's dick was big, and it was, it seemed to be dwarfed by the size of the dick hanging from between Carl's legs. I was staring again.

CARL: Come on Jack. Take those clothes off and let's get some relief. You seem to be interested. I can see a bulge in your jeans.

There was no denying it. I was hard, and I was still staring at Carl's big dick. I stood up and removed my shirt, kicked off my shoes and removed my pants. I was a little embarrassed about exposing my cock to Carl. While I wasn't small (6 or 6 and ½ inches), it was nothing compared to the two other dicks that I had seen today, and I was so much taller than either of these guys.

CARL: Take those off Jack. Please? I'm so fuckin' horny, I'm ready to burst.

I took my undershorts off and Carl came over to me. We sat down next to each other on his bed. I was still staring at his cock, as he started to slowly stroke it.

CARL: Go ahead and stroke your cock Jack. You are going to enjoy this. It is so much better than doing it by yourself.

I grasped my dick and went to stroke it. I started to pump it quickly, and Carl grabbed my wrist.

CARL: Take it slower Jack. Make it last. This is not a contest. 

With Carl's hand still on mine, we slowly started to stroke my cock. Between the pot, and the feelings I was getting from my cock, I was in heaven. Carl then took my hand and brought it over to his cock.

CARL: Try this Jack. Please? Have you ever felt another guy's cock? I guarantee that you're going to enjoy this. It's called a circle jerk.

He started guiding my hand up and down his cock, having me stroke it slowly. He released my hand and then grasped my cock and slowly started stroking it. He was right. This was fuckin' great. We continued like this for a couple of minutes and Carl called a halt. He got up and retrieved the bong, and took another hit. He brought it back over to me and offered it up. I also took another hit, and while holding my breath, I was staring at Carl's dick, no more than a foot from my face. I wondered what it would taste like.

Carl reached for the bong, and as he did so, the distance between his cock and my face lessened. I leaned forward and let his cock enter my mouth.

CARL: Mmmm Jack. That is nice. Work you tongue around that cock. Please?

I did as he asked. He was so polite about it. I used my tongue to get his cock nice and wet. I felt Carl's hand go to the back of my head and started pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. I felt his cock hit the entrance to my throat and my gag reflex kicked in.

CARL: Sorry Jack. You're not quite ready for that, but we can work on it. You're doing so fuckin' good. Keep it up Jack.

I had no idea what I was doing, whether I was doing it well, or whether Carl was just using my mouth, but I did know that I was fuckin' horny. Up until today, I had never had sex with another person. Technically, I still had not had sex with anyone. I have sucked two cocks. Two incredibly large cocks on two totally average guys. And I was enjoying it.

CARL: Stroke your cock Jack. Let's see if we can cum together. It's so much better if you can cum WITH someone.

I again started stroking my cock. I took Carl's cock out of my mouth for a moment to put some spit in my hand (needed some lube). I stroked at the same pace that Carl pumped his cock into and out of my mouth.

CARL: Use a little suction on my cock Jack. Please? Oh yes. That's it. Keep stroking your cock, but feel my balls with your other hand.

I did as he asked. His balls were heavy. I caressed them, while I stroked my own dick and while Carl pumped his cock in and out of my mouth. I guess that learning to walk and chew gum at the same time payed off.

CARL: Mmmmm ... that's it Jack. I'm getting close. Will you swallow my cum? Please?

Well ... he did say please. Besides, I really wanted to taste his cum. I had tasted Michael's this afternoon and wasn't displeased with it. Would it taste the same? Would it taste different because he was black? Meanwhile, the pace that I was stroking had picked up. Suddenly, Carl's body seemed to tense, and I felt the first spurt of cum ejecting from his dick. It filled my mouth. Carl had a firm grasp on the back of my head, and I felt the only thing that I could do was swallow. So I did. Then his second spurt came forth, and I swallowed that as well. Some time around his third or fourth spurt, I came ... and I came ... and I came. I would've collapsed, but Carl still had his hand on my head, and he held me steady.

Once Carl and I were done cumming, Carl stepped back, removing his cock from my mouth. I looked down and saw that I had cum all over my clothes. Well, that would wash out, but I was going to have to wear them back to my room in the condition that they were in. I wondered if this would count as having sex with someone now. Was I no longer considered a virgin?

CARL: Wow Jack. That was great. Did you enjoy it?

JACK: Yes. I did. I didn't think I was gay, but I enjoyed sucking your cock.

CARL: You're probably not gay Jack. You'll still enjoy having sex with girls, but you can expand your horizons. There is no need to limit yourself.

Fuck. Carl doesn't realize that I've never had sex with a girl. All that I can say is. If sex with a girl is even half as exciting as this was, I'm really going to enjoy it.

CARL: Why don't you get dressed, and we can have another couple of hits from the bong before you head back to your room. I really appreciate you coming down to help me with my problem.

I got dressed, and we did take a couple of more hits a piece from that bong, and headed back down to my room. I entered and found my roommate Alan sitting in his bed, shirtless, wearing a pair of shorts and reading a book, while listening to some music. In spite of having cum with Carl, I was still horny. Alan and I had seen each other naked many times over the couple of months that we had roomed together. For some reason, I was wondering what he was packing under those shorts.