 Disclaimer: Hey guys! I decided to spread out the remaining story in two chapters to give you all a little more content. For all of you expecting to see the wife, sorry she won't be making an appearance. I want to keep this story just about Cory and Nick. Please let me know what you guys think. Any and all feedback is greatly appreciated. I'm still working on catching all the errors in my writing so please bear with me. Final chapter is in the works. Thanks for reading. 

*****

CHAPTER 9: Promises that can't be kept.

I didn't bother telling Cory about my confrontation with Connor. I knew that any word of it would only bring two of us into a similar argument and truth be told, I was tired of arguing. The ride back from Ty's was quiet. I spoke enough so that Cory didn't think something was wrong. But I couldn't let go of Connor's words: someone had to get hurt. It was either going to be me, kicking myself for starting something I couldn't finish and having to walk away from the one person who actually made me feel alive. Or maybe it was going to be his wife, the only one out of all of us who was completely innocent. She didn't deserve that, and for a moment, I felt guilt. Or it would be Cory- the man who found himself spread too thin, straddling a yellow line between two very different lives. Only time would tell who it would be. 

As we pulled into Cory's driveway, I looked over to my house, knowing my parents would be away. Normally that would serve as an invitation to hang out longer, but I wasn't up for it. We sat there for a few minutes, listening to the Arctic Monkey's song that played off Cory's radio. He looked over, grabbing my hand in his, "Nick, are you okay?"

I looked over, snapping out of my own daydream, "Yeah I'm good. Just got a little caught up in my own head- happens sometimes." I let out a chuckle, trying to play off the honesty in that admission. 

He gripped tighter, trying to find my eyes, "It's just- you've been quiet since we left Ty's. And we're kinda just sitting here." He caught them, piercing me with his stark greens, asking, "Are you still thinking about the other day- when you called me?" 

I quickly replied back, "No- no that's not it." Swallowing down a hard half-truth. I looked over at him, running my hand on his thigh, offering, "I'm just nervous about tomorrow. First day jitters, you know?" He nodded. 

I continued, "I'm just scared it's not gonna work out." And there it was, the needle of truth hidden within a haystack of lies. I wanted to tell him that work was the least of my worries. But at that time, it seemed like the best excuse I could come up with. 

He gripped my hands tighter, softening his face into a reassuring smile. "It's gonna work out", he stated. And I agreed, wishing he wasn't just talking about the job. 

***

At half past six, my alarm went off. It didn't wake me up, rather it told me that I had been awake for two hours already. I memorized the pattern of my popcorn ceiling and watched the sun slowly brighten from dark blue to yellow- desperately trying not to dwell on my own inhibitions. Still, I was determined to start today anew. Today was about work and I knew that my problems with Cory would still be there when I clock out at five. Part of me needed to know that even if it wouldn't work out, I'd still be okay. So I chose to be okay. Even if I forced myself to be so. I progressed from a shower to a change into freshly pressed clothes to breakfast. Hell, I even caught myself actually laughing through my dad's whole "You're now a working adult" speech rather than feigning humor, as I previously did. 

After my parents left for work, I sat there at the kitchen counter for a second, just taking it all in. I was about to grab my bag and head out the door when I heard a knock. Opening it, I found Cory standing there, dressed in a camouflage green that rivalled his eyes. He stepped closer, taking off his cap and placing it on his heart as if he was swearing to every god there ever was. He grinned, "Damn Grayson, you clean up nice."

I chuckled, "I could say the same for you. Green is definitely your color." I darted my eyes away for a second. Something as simple as eye contact with him had a drastic track record of turning into something more. 

He blushed, muttering, "Aw shucks." 

I stood there for a minute before letting him in. It felt nice- comforting even to just be around him. God knows that yesterday was a train wreck I didn't see coming. But somehow it didn't feel like that this morning. At five feet away, he stood dangerously close to me. Like even an inch of movement could break my walls, leaving him flooding into me. 

He looked over at my keys, "Hey, I wasn't interrupting you was I? I was about to head off to work myself, but I wanted to come over and see you on your first day."

I shrugged, "No no, I still have a few minutes before I have to head out." I gripped his wrists, continuing, "I'm glad you came by." And with that sentence, I felt a single drop of his being sneak past my barriers. 

Leaning in, I closed the gap between us, pressing his uniform against my thin shirt, still able to feel the warmth of his body on me. I leaned in for a kiss, inhaling his aftershave as my lips met his. I let out a soft moan as I felt his hands roam down my side before resting at the small of my back. Pressing my tongue against his lips, I practically begged him to let me in. And he did, but only for a moment before pulling away slightly. 

He breathed out, "As much as I would love..." he raised his voice in emphasis "love... to continue... I actually came here to give you something". 

I stood there as he pulled out a small box from one of the many pockets in his pants. He presented it to me with a sheepish grin. For a second, he seemed embarrassed, like he, being a macho guy, wasn't allowed to show small acts of courtship. I took the box, opening it as he explained, "It's a tie. My dad's a traditional, born and raised in the South. He told me that you weren't really a man until you wore a tie. Now I know it's a part of some twisted old school logic, but think of it as a symbol. You're not a kid anymore Nick."

I took in those words. Subtly shaking my head at how often I had been hearing more or less of those words in the past few days. Taking the box, I held on with one hand, "Thanks Cory. I really appreciate it- I really do." Pulling it out, I felt the soft fabric against my skin. I looked up to find him analyzing me, trying to determine if I actually liked it or if I was just being polite. I supressed his worries, offering, "It matches my shirt. Why don't I put it on? Hopefully it could bring some luck."

He raised his hand up, rubbing the back of his head, "You really don't have to."

I protested, assuring, "No, I want to." I saw his face soften to a smile as I pulled up my collar, swinging the tie around the back of my neck and tying it into a double Windsor. He raised an eyebrow, impressed at my abilities. 

I lifted my arms up, asking, "How does it look?"

He leaned in, pulling up the knot so that it sat just an inch or two away from my Adam's apple. I swallowed as he closed in- the tie adjustment was a mere excuse to get close to me once more. But I didn't complain. He placed a firm kiss on my lips. It was decisive and confident without assuming too much. Pulling away, he finally answered my lingering question with, "Perfect."

***

My first day came and went like a hurricane of fast moving objects and free-falling debris. I was paraded through room after room, office after office. I soon caught myself inadvertently introducing myself with the same monotone lines as if they had been practiced in front of a mirror for hours. The eye of the storm did come halfway through in the form of a text from Cory simply asking, "Still alive?"

I lowered my phone beneath my desk, texting back, "Barely hanging in there. May need mouth to mouth."

I watched as the ellipsis symbol came on the screen telling me he was typing. I chuckled for a second, wondering if he was restraining himself from sending something NSFW. He resorted to a plain offer, writing, "Come over for dinner tonight. I'm not taking no for an answer."

I smiled, about to respond when he beat me to it, continuing, "We'll do more than mouth to mouth." I immediately turned beet red, grinning like a school girl who had just received a note passed on by her crush. 

In order to save myself from further blushing embarrassment, I decided to eat my lunch outside. Stepping out of the double doors, I stood over the basalt tiles that lined TGA's entrance. Polished and pristine, I could practically see my reflection against them. The royal blue shined bright and I smiled to myself, as if my reflection was looking for affirmation. A short walk away and I found myself at the steps of a grand plaza tucked in by the surrounding skyscrapers and high rises alike. It was modeed much like the piazzas of ancient Rome or Florence, places I had only seen through lecture hall PowerPoints and the settings of my own daydreams. I found a bench tucked underneath the shadow of TGA's profile and watched as the plaza filled and emptied itself, like a rush of people moving in every direction. They say you can't step into the same river twice. And as the horde of Oxford shirts and pencil skirts weaved through each other like a free-flowing stream, I understood the logic. 

Between introductions and tours, the hurricane kept blowing throughout the entire day until the clock struck five and I was on my way out. My hands and throat alike had both become dry from the constant exchange of pleasantries and shaking of hands. I sighed as I walked out of that threshold, relieved that I made it through without a hitch. That only left tomorrow, and every day after that. 

***

The drive back to my neighbourhood was relaxing. As I pulled off the highway, I rolled down my windows and listened to the sound of the wind whirling beside me, rivalling the Bad Suns song that played in the background. The sun had gone down a bit leaving the sky a dark shade of blood orange as I pulled onto our block. My parents had texted earlier that they had a function to attend. "Perfect", I muttered as I parked the car in front of the garage and walked over to Cory's. 

I rang the doorbell, rolling up my sleeves that had wrinkled from the open window. Cory opened the door and I caught a whiff of something delicious wafting over from the kitchen. His eyes warmed when he saw me, and I too caught myself smiling a bit too wide. He gestured for me to come inside, leading me as I watched the loose shirt and shorts sway against his hard body with his bare feet practically gliding over the stone tile. 

Stopping at the island, he turned back and welcomed me into a kiss. I was intoxicated by his taste, something so distinctly him, and I wondered if his cooking could top it. We turned and I had my ass pressed against the edge of the granite countertop as he pushed into me, leaning so far back, I nearly lost balance. He steadied me, wrapping his arms against my lower back. I did the same, tracing mine around the back of his neck as he kissed away at my lips. In one fail swoop, he picked me up, gently resting me down on the counter. I cringed, feeling the cold stone on my ass through my slacks. Going in for yet another kiss, I could feel hesitation as he pulled away. It was like he knew that if he kept going, he wouldn't be able to stop. I opened my eyes to see him smiling directly at me, nestling his fingers against the space between two of my top buttons. 

He tickled my chest, finally saying, "Hi."

I ran my hand underneath his shirt, grazing my knuckle against his abs, repeating, "Hi."

He chuckled, looking a little embarrassed, "So how was the first day?"

I nodded, swinging my legs as I spoke, "It was good. Definitely a bit of a whirlwind of sorts. Lots of introductions, lots of new people, but nothing I can't manage."

He lowered his eyes, "Good, I'm glad it went well." He trailed off a bit, somewhat looking away, "I'm even more glad that you were able to come over."

I reached up and pulled his face so that he was directly facing me, assuring, "I want to be here." 

He melted, as if it were physically impossible for a regular person to melt. Sparing his misery, I looked over, "So what's cooking there on the stove?"

He regained composure, answering, "I made beef stew for us, I hope that's okay."

Turning to the pot, he gave it a stir and I found the smell the aroma of tomatoes and seared meat escape into my nostrils. I replied, "As long as it's not from one of those MRE's, I'm cool with it", downplaying my excitement to mess with him.

He turned back to me, waving a spoon in my face, "Don't hate on those- they kept me well fed during my deployment."

I quipped back, "Yeah we both know you didn't exactly starve."

He just laughed, clarifying, "And for your information, the beef stew is the best one."

***

As Cory settled back into his chair after getting his second helping of stew, I asked, "So how was your day? I didn't really get to ask you that."

He talked between chews, causing me to roll my eyes. He answered, "It was okay- kinda slow. There wasn't really much to do so we all took off early. Good thing for you, cause it gave me time to whip up all of this." Getting another spoonful, he continued, "If not, I'd be serving my classic roasted chicken breast with asparagus and brown rice."

I shook my head, "I swear you either eat really lean or like someone training for an eating contest. Is there no in between?" We both erupted in laughter, leaning back into our chairs. 

When it died down, I pressed him, "So how long do you plan to keep working there?"

He made a face, "What do you mean?"

I continued, "I remember when my parents had you over for dinner, you talked about how you didn't want to be in the military all your life- that eventually you'd want to do something else."

He croaked his head as if trying to find a response, "I don't know, I guess it sounded nice at the time- like I knew what I wanted or that I had any indication that my instincts were sound."

I looked down, smearing the remnants of the stew on my plate, seeing how far I could push. I asked, "What does it sound like now?"

He paused, "Terrifying. It sounds pretty terrifying."

I put down the spoon, daring to press on, "Look Cory. I'm not trying to force any big life decisions on you. Hell, I don't have all the answers. I just remember you saying once that the Army was your ticket away from home. Well, you got out- you did..." I paused for a second, "Maybe now you should consider if you still need it."

I sat there for a minute, wondering if I had pushed too far. Cory continued to look straight ahead as if analyzing his entire life in that moment. Breaking concentration, he reached for my hand. I squeezed tight, assuming, "Cory, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry- it's your life. I-" 

He interrupted me, "No, Nick. It's okay, really. I've just never given it much thought." He sighed, "My entire life since enlisting has been planned out. I was told when to get up, when to eat and when to sleep. I make plans and I follow through. Everything I do- from my morning runs to the uniform I wear is..." He emphasized, "Calculated." 

"Except for me.", I muttered underneath my breath.

He repeated, "Except for you." He immediately leaned over and grabbed my hand in his. I felt as my soft skin brushed up against his slightly rough hands. His heat radiated into me with that small touch as he continued, "You shook things up: came into my perfectly planned life and threw me for a loop." 

I eased into my seat, relaxed. He pressed on, "It's like for the first time, I don't know what's going to happen next." Leaning in for a chaste kiss, he finished, "And I'm okay with that."

I leaned over and kissed him hard. Pressing my lips so far into him that I could feel every crease of his teeth against my skin. My forcefulness was met by his submission. As I ravaged at his mouth, he leaned back, allowing me in without an ounce of resistance. We stayed like that for a bit, leaning into each other with our asses barely clinging onto our chairs. He grabbed my forearm and pulled me in as he scooted his chair back. I felt my cock harden in my tight jeans as I was pulled into him, not breaking our touch. I kissed him a few more times, breaking away from our extended motions, planting quick, teasing pecks along his lips. I felt his arm travel up the small of my back until it rested nicely against the crease of my back with his wrist practically trapped in the valley between my shoulder blades. There, his fingers dug into me as I straddled his lap, like a ventriloquist doll at the mercy of his master's command.

He leaned me until my back rested slightly against the edge of the wooden table. Begging for more of his touch, I lifted my legs, wrapping them against his sides. He let out a soft chuckle as I dug my bare feet into his back, rubbing the outline of his spine with my toes before resting them at the waistband of his boxers. He breathed out in a low moan, "Baby, if only you knew the things you do to me. You could be my demise."

Those words sunk in, only to be out-raced by his tongue filling my mouth. We kissed in harmony, taking turns massaging each other's tongues while our noses did the Waltz without pressing too hard. I leaned into him, grabbing at the ends of his shirt and pulling them off with so much force that we nearly fell back. I tossed it aside, without regard for where it would land. He mimicked my actions, albeit with more grace. My shirt was replaced by his palms as they rubbed against my chest. I quivered as I felt the slight callous texture of his skin rub against mine, sending a shock inside my body as my nipples flicked back. He stuck out his tongue, running it against my peck like he was cleaning up a plate. Looking up at me as if seeking approval, he took my nipple in his tongue, swirling it around and sucking, hard. I caressed the back of his neck as he worked at my chest, moaning as I felt his teeth gently brush against my sensitive spots. 

I moaned out in a whimper, "Cory. Please."

He didn't look up. Instead, he continued to suck as my skin went sensitive. I pleaded, "Babe, I- I can't take it anymore. Please. I need it."

Switching to the other side, he continued his assault on my chest, ignoring my pleas at first. It wasn't until he matched the same pink and sensitive spot he did earlier that he finally looked up at me. He asked, "What is it that you want baby?" I breathed out as he blew on the newly tainted flesh, feeling the cold air sweep my skin. He continued, "You want me to make love to you?"

I nodded, moaning as he kissed my nipples once more, "Yes. God yes. I'm yours baby. Please take me." He smiled, pleased with the results of his torment. Reaching up for a kiss, he rested our foreheads together, staring deeply into my eyes. He proclaimed, "You're so perfect, you know that? I want nothing more than to be with you." 

He took me by the arm, leading me upstairs, stopping only once to kiss me in the hallway. I looked down to see his massive cock tenting in his shorts, practically filling the space between my legs. He winked, noticing me staring at his package. Needing more, I led us into the bedroom, feeling his hand trace down my back before he grabbed my ass in his fist. 

At the foot of the bed, I took him in once more, breaking our kisses only to gather enough oxygen to keep going. Before long, I leaned back, crawling to the headboard, not losing sight of his eyes. He hunched down, taking baby steps on all fours with his face just inches away from mine. It was like a game of cat and mouse- he chased me and I slowed down only enough to keep the distance between us as minimal as possible. When my back hit the cold wood, he closed the space between us, digging his arms down and crossing them at my back. I followed his motions with my legs, bringing them just above his ass. Oddly enough, that position was as comfortable as could be. He ravaged at my begging mouth as I dug into his skin, forcing as much contact as possible. 
