 I woke up the next morning. It was the first time that I had a pot hangover (it would not be the last). The year was 1973, and I was a freshman in college. I thought about the events of the previous day. I had sucked two cocks, roommates, Michael and Carl, and I had enjoyed it. Was I gay? 

My roommate, Alan, had heard my alarm and had woken up as well. He asked me what time it was. It was 8AM. My first class was at 9. I needed to get up, shower, eat and get to the lecture hall. Chemistry this morning. Alan said that he probably should get up as well. He threw his covers off, and I saw his morning wood tenting his boxers. Alan jumped up and put some pants on so that he could head to the men's room. I was feeling the same way, but I needed to hit the shower as well. After Alan ran out of the room, I got up, took off my boxers, grabbed a towel and wrapped it around me and headed down the hall.

Pissing in the morning with a hard on takes a little time, but eventually the stream starts. I relieve my self and head over to the other side of the bathroom for the shower stalls. I walk around the corner and see Michael just removing his towel before walking into his stall. He smiles and says hello. I say hi back, and promptly remove my towel and enter my stall. Michael lingered outside long enough to get a glimpse of my naked body. I knew he was looking, so I lingered a little bit myself.

I wound up jacking off in the shower, replaying the memory of Michael's big cock cumming in my mouth and spraying on my face, and his roommate, Carl, finding me sitting on his bed in my underwear while smoking a joint. The memory of sucking Carl's big dick will have to wait until maybe my afternoon jack off session.

I exited the shower and looked down Michael's way to see him drying himself off. That long cock looking so out of proportion to the size of his body, 5' 6" of slender, smooth skin, just a light dusting of pubic hair. He was a shower and a grower. I was lost in my thoughts and when I looked up, I saw Michael smiling at me.

I smiled back and said, "Thanks again Michael for that joint. I owe you one."

MICHAEL: Not a problem, really. Remember that if you're interested in buying more, I can probably hook you up with a guy that has access.

Michael wrapped the towel around himself, and headed out of the shower area. After brushing his teeth, etc, he headed back to his room where Carl was busy studying his physics book. His first class was at 10, so was in no hurry to head out just yet. Carl had filled Michael in on the previous night's activities in the room. Michael was jealous. He had been on a date and once again had received no relief. He had to jack off when he got home. While he and Carl jacked each other off on a semi-regular basis, they rarely gave each other blow jobs, both being a little more of a dominant personality. Not that they never gave oral relief, it was never asked of the other.

MICHAEL: I saw Jack down at the showers. I think he was jacking off in there. It took a little more time than I would've expected.

CARL: I wouldn't be surprised if he had. He was horned up big time last night. I would sure like to fuck that ass, but I'm afraid that I would hurt him if I were to pop his cherry.

Carl was a 18-year old black kid from the city. 5'8", slender, with a cock that would turn the heads of most young men, straight or gay.

MICHAEL: You may be correct about that, but I'll do you a favor and break him in for you. I haven't popped a cherry in a long time. It would be a pleasure to take his.

Both guys started laughing. They talked about what would be their next moves and made their plans. It was decided that they would need to wait until Jack came to them. They were confidant that he would do so, not because he was addicted to cock, but because he enjoyed the pot. They had given him a joint, and depending on how long it took until he smoked it and was ready for more, they would have to be patient.

It didn't take as long as they expected. After classes the next day, Friday, Jack went back to his room and smoked half of the joint that he had been given. As he sat there enjoying the high, he thought about getting some more pot. Michael had told him that he could hook him up with a guy that could get the pot. He wondered how much this would cost. How do you do this? Well, there was one way to find out. He headed down to Michael's room. Hopefully, he would be in.

Luck was with him. Michael's door was ajar, and when he knocked, Michael yelled to come in.

MICHAEL: Hey Jack. Done with classes for the day?

JACK: Yes. I was just down in my room, smoking that joint that you gave me.

MICHAEL: Yeah? Was Alan with you? Does he smoke?

JACK: Alan was not there. He said that he has tried it a few times, but doesn't do it often.

MICHAEL: So, you were smoking alone? That's cool, but remember that toking is a social event. If you're ever in the mood, come on down here. Carl or I are almost always willing to share a joint or light up a bowl. Sometimes, just a little bit is all you need to get your mind set right for studying.

JACK: Thanks Michael. I would enjoy that. But, what I was thinking about today was how to get more pot. You said that you could hook me up with a guy. How much would it cost?

MICHAEL: Sure. I can give him a call and see if he's got anything and how much he's charging. Sometimes, supplies are tight, and the price is a little higher. Did you take economics in high school? It's the supply/demand curve in action.

JACK: Yeah. I took it. I didn't care for it much. I didn't like the old faggot that taught it.

Then Jack remembered that Michael was gay, and felt bad about the term he had just used.

JACK: I'm sorry Michael. I didn't mean any offense by that term. 

MICHAEL: Why are you apologizing to me? I'm not an old faggot.

JACK: Well ... it's just that you're gay and I didn't want to offend you.

MICHAEL: I'm not gay. Why would you think that? Just because you sucked my dick?

Jack, again, remembered that afternoon a couple of days earlier when Michael blew his load down his throat and over his face. Shit. Maybe he was gay, not Michael.

MICHAEL: Seriously. I do enjoy having a mouth on my cock and I do not care whether that mouth belongs to a girl or a guy. It's sex, pure and simple.

JACK: So, do you give blowjobs?

MICHAEL (laughing): Rarely. I'm not saying that I've never done it, but usually I'm on the receiving end. It's all a means to an end. How about if I give Ralph a call and see if he's home? If you're free this afternoon, we can head over to his place and buy you a stash.

JACK: That would be great. Thanks.

With that, Michael suggested I have a seat, while he went down the hall to use the pay phone. While he was out, Carl entered. For the second time this week, Carl entered his room to find me sitting there alone. He raised his eyebrows as if questioning why I was there and where was Michael.

JACK: Michael headed down the hall to make a phone call. I'm just waiting for him here.

Carl knew what was going on. He just didn't know that this would happen so soon. Damn. He had a date tonight. He would've enjoyed sticking around to see if he was going to have a chance to fuck this tight ass, but that could wait.

CARL: Cool. Excuse me, but I've got a date with Angel tonight, and I've got to get ready. 

With that, he proceeded to strip down. Once again, I'm treated to the sight of his big dick, swinging while he ran around to grab a towel, etc and head out to the showers. As Carl exited the room, he looked down the hall to see Michael on the phone. He just gave a thumbs up sign. He knew that Jack had been watching his cock the whole time.

Michael returned from his phone call: "Good news. Ralph was home and has some pot. It will be $35 for an ounce. That's about average. He says it's not the greatest stuff, but it's the best available to him at this time.

JACK: An ounce? Is that a lot? Can I get in trouble for that much?

MICHAEL: In this town? Don't worry about it. Ralph may have a problem with the authorities if they were to find his whole stash on him, but seriously, they're not looking. We can run over there now if you like. Do you have the $35 on you?

JACK: I had no idea how much money I would need, and didn't expect that I would need it this afternoon. If we can walk by the bank, I can cash a check and get the money.

MICHAEL: Don't worry about it. I can front the money if you need it, any or all of it. Let's hit the road. It's about a 20 min walk to Ralph's place. Next time you're by the bank, cash a check and return the money. Come on. Let's go.

Neither of us had cars at the school. As freshman, we were not allowed to bring our cars with us. Actually, I didn't have a car at all. Ralph lived in the only high rise within site of campus. We rode an elevator up to the sixth floor. Ralph had a nice apartment. This must've cost him a fortune. His parents must have some money. I was introduced to Ralph. He was a Junior, studying Chemistry. I asked if he had this apartment all on his own, and he stated that he had a roommate, but that he was already headed home for the weekend. Then we got down to business.

RALPH: I like to give a sample of new stuff. Michael has never purchased this kind before, so if you like, we can smoke a joint and you can decide whether you like it or not.

Well, I was not about to turn down a free joint, and truthfully wasn't sure if I could tell the difference between good and bad pot. I said sure. I watched as Ralph rolled a joint. I told him that I had never seen that done before and he promptly grabbed another rolling paper and taught me how to do it. He told me to always buy "double wides". While you are smoking more paper, it makes rolling the joint much easier. With more potent pot, and more practice, I could use single wide paper. My first attempt wasn't great, but he said that as long as it held together, it was entirely smokable and the best way to find out is to try it. We did.

We made small talk about school, football, hockey and girls. Ralph told us that he had a date a little later and that he would have to start to get ready, but to go ahead and finish the joint and we would settle up in a little bit. With that, he got up, walked into a bedroom. He returned in a little bit, with a towel wrapped around his waist. He walked back over to Michael and me, reached out his hand for the joint and took a toke. The bulge in his towel was not far from my face, and I thought I saw it move.

RALPH: Damn. That is better pot than I thought. 

Ralph was a big guy, at least 6'2" and over 200 pounds. He had a slightly hairy chest and abs, with just a hint of a trail of hair going below his towel. Blonde hair, blue eyes, and that bulge was definitely growing. Somehow, the towel fell to the floor and I was staring at his cock and balls. Maybe regular use of pot gave guys bigger dicks, because once again I was looking at 7 or 8 inches of thick meat. What had been rising up under that towel, was now standing proud.

RALPH: Do you like what you see Jack?

I just looked up at him. I saw the smile on his face and all I could do was nod my head. Fuck. This pot was making me horny again, not that there is anything wrong with that.

Michael leans in and says to me: "Looks good enough to eat, doesn't it?"

JACK: I ... umm ... I don't know.

Damn. Now I was hard.

MICHAEL: Go ahead. Take a hold of his cock. He's offering it to you Jack.

I reached up and grabbed Ralph's cock. He took a small step closer to me. Then I felt Michael's hand on my chest, searching for my nipple. He gave it a squeeze through my shirt. Oh fuck. Another new sensation. And now my cock was bursting. I just lowered my head, closed my eyes and let the feeling take me over.

Michael started tugging at my t-shirt, trying to pull it over my head. I had to let go of Ralph's cock to allow him to do this. After the fabric cleared my head, and I was able to look at Ralph again, it seemed that his cock had gotten closer. I licked my lips.

RALPH: Have you ever done a 69 Jack?

JACK: Ahh ... no I have not.

RALPH: Well, have you ever had a blowjob?

Again, I answered in the negative.

RALPH: Stand up and take the rest of your clothes off. Please?

Damn. Everyone is so polite. Of course, I did just as he asked. Here I am with a guy that I've only known for a few minutes, completely naked and where is Michael? I looked around and found that Michael was disrobing as well. I was never to know that this whole scene had been planned out by Michael and Ralph in their phone call earlier.

RALPH: You have a nice body Jack. Why don't you follow me in to the bedroom. It will be more comfortable in there. 

I took a step to follow him into the bedroom, and Michael stepped up behind me. He grabbed me from behind, squeezing my nipples as he rubbed his hardon on the back of my leg. Who knew that nipple play was such a turn on. I practically fainted from the sensation. Michael pushed me forward and we all entered the bedroom.

Ralph laid down on the bed, with his body in the middle, but with his head near the foot and his feet up near his pillows. His cock was still hard and laying down on his body. He instructed me to crawl up over him, so that we could get in the 69 position. Now, I've never been in a 69, but my friends and I had discussed this often. The only thing is, we had discussed doing it with a woman. Who would've thunk that my first 69 would be with another guy, and what was Michael going to be doing while we were munching on dicks.

I got up on the bed, with my pelvis over his head and his cock below mine. I grabbed his cock and pointed it towards my mouth, and lowered my head. As I did so, I felt Ralph's hands on my ass pressing my crotch down towards his mouth. While Carl had stroked my cock the other evening, this was the first time that I had my cock enter something warm and wet. Damn, did this feel good. I felt Ralph's hands on my ass cheeks, pulling me closer to his face. It was tough to keep control. I didn't want to drop down and choke him. I felt Ralph release my ass, and my worries about choking him were subsided and I was able to concentrate on his cock. For some reason, I wanted to try and take his whole cock into my mouth, but I found that when I tried to go too far, his cock would just hit the entrance to my throat and go no further.

Then I felt another pair of hands on my ass. Well, that answers my question about where Michael was. The next sensation was totally unexpected. I felt a tongue on my ass, licking around my hole. I went to rise up, but Ralph had grabbed my arms and kept me bent over. I relaxed and went with the sensation and I felt Ralph release his grip. He next started playing with my nipples. OH MY FUCKING ... I now had my dick in someone's mouth, while he played with my nipples and another guy was running his tongue over my ass. It was too much for this inexperienced guy ... I came, filling Ralph's mouth with my cum. I just felt Ralph suck a little harder, squeezing my nipples a little firmer and I felt a finger enter my ass.

I was unsure of what was going to happen next. I normally jack off and then the horniness that I had been feeling subsides, but whether it was the pot, or the nipple play or the fingers (fingers?) in my ass, or the fact that my cock was still in Ralph's mouth, but I was still feeling horny and my hardon had not gone down.

I felt Michael remove his fingers. It had been burning a little bit, so while I missed the fullness, I was able to relax a bit. Ralph asked me to get up. I did so and allowed him to position me standing at the end of the bed. He promptly got up, turned around so that his crotch was near the end of the bed at my end and told me to bend over and get to work. I did as he ordered, taking his cock back into my mouth.

Michael was back. He must've found some petroleum jelly or something similar, because when I felt his fingers return, they now had a greasy feeling to them. He eventually worked 3 fingers into my ass, and at times, he would touch something inside of me that would cause my dick to jump. It felt good.

Ralph told me to please lick his balls.

Well ... he did say please. So I took my mouth off his dick and started tonguing his balls. There was some hair there, and I didn't care for the feeling of hair in my mouth, but I was too turned on to say no. I sucked one of his balls into my mouth just as Michael removed his fingers. Michael told me to bend my legs a little bit. I felt his hands on my hips, those greasy fingers on his left hand. Then I felt his dick at my hole. OH JEEZ. What have I gotten myself into? Ralph had his hands on my head, and Michael has the head of his dick on my hole, slowly pressing in. 

Michael's fingers must've loosened me up enough that his dick slipped in much easier than I would've thought possible. He did not drive it all in with one stroke. He worked his dick in, a little further with each stroke. On about the 10th stroke in, I felt his pelvis touch my ass. Oh my gosh ... he was entirely inside of me, and he started pumping that dick, that glorious dick, in and out. Withdrawing it almost entirely, then sliding it back in. After a couple minutes of this, I felt myself starting to fuck him back, practically begging him to take me deeper.

Ralph tapped my face and told me not to forget about him. I had stopped licking his balls when Michael started fucking me. I went back down on Ralph's cock, again trying to get all of him in my mouth. At one point, I felt Ralph's hands on my head and as I lowered my mouth onto his pole, he pressed my head further down, and I felt his cock enter my throat. I quickly pushed my head back up and off of his cock, and took a deep breath. Ralph assured me that I was doing good, and to take my time. With work, I would get his whole cock into my mouth.

Michael was picking up his pace. It seemed to Jack that his cock was getting bigger. During the fuck, he had occasionally felt Michael's balls slapping his, but that had not occurred during the last several strokes, and Michael's strokes had gotten more vigorous. I had kept pace with him, humping back as he drove forward. Ralph tapped my face again, letting me know to not forget about him. I put his cock back in my mouth, but truthfully, just about all of my attention was on my back door. 

Then with a mighty thrust (how can such a small guy have such a mighty thrust), Michael came in my ass. Another thrust and another spasm from that cock buried deep in my ass, and another, and finally another and Michael held himself there, as I felt his cock spasm a couple of more times.

MICHAEL: Damn Jack. That was fuckin' great. How are you doing buddy?

His cock was still buried in my ass, and my mouth was still filled with Ralph's cock. All that I could do was hold my hand up with the OK sign. I was still hard as a rock and felt like I could cum again. I had never cum twice within an hour. This was fuckin' great.

Michael withdrew from me, and told me to crawl up and lower my ass onto Ralph's cock, just as a way of thanking him for his hospitality. When I tried to do so, some cum dropped out of my ass right onto Ralph's cock.

RALPH: Cool. Some lube.

Ralph grabbed his cock, pointing it up towards my ass, and had me sit down on it. He told me to do what feels good. Ralph's cock was about the same length as Michael, but it was thicker, and this new position was feeling different. As I lowered myself down onto Ralph's cock, I thought I felt that feeling from inside, causing my cock to twitch. Ralph told me to find a way to raise and lower my body, allowing me to fuck myself on his cock. Finally, I was in control. I bounced up and down on his cock. Meanwhile, Michael was back. He had found a washcloth and was cleaning his dick. He climbed up on the bed and stood in front of me. I was bouncing up and down so forcefully, he was having a tough time keeping his balance. Ralph tried to steady him by reaching up and holding his thighs, and Michael tried to feed his cock to me.
