 I like blonds generally. Hell who doesn't. I like lithe supple blonds, the kind which draw you into their soul with their eyes, and who have simple straightforward demeanors. The sort that get your blood going in all the right directions and at the same time melt your heart. What can I say, I'm a sucker for the obvious.

So I was a little surprised when Chet, a stunning twenty year old moved in next door. You see he was a red head. Not the sort that usually catches my eye. But there was something about his carriage that commanded special erotic attention. Maybe it was the muscular swagger. He exuded confidence with every step, as if to say..."yeah, deal with me."

Or perhaps it was the cool contrast of his baby blues with his ruddy freckled face and burnt crimson hair. His eyes were remarkable. They liked to flash whenever he would smile, which was quite often.

Whatever IT was he certainly had IT in abundance. I hadn't found myself so spontaneously attracted to a guy like that in quite a while. Living in this small town had a deadening effect on me. Seeing all of my high school crushes move away and get married one by one brought a heavy blanket over my otherwise upbeat sensibilities. Lost dreams and the press of daily survival ground any hope of living "happily ever after" just about out of me. 

Well, almost. I still trucked my thirty year old body to the nearest gay bar thirty miles away. It seemed an exercise in futility, but I went anyway. The campy old queens were good company if nothing else, and it was a place to have a few beers before trucking myself back home.

So I took to the new project of getting to know Chet with some cautious enthusiasm. I figured he'd probably be straight, but what the hell, it's never a wasted effort to get to know someone, especially if they're a hunky bundle of red haired masculinity like Chet.

I fretted over a plan of action. Do I borrow a cup of sugar? No, that would be too nelly, and maybe obvious, I didn't feel like getting my ass kicked. Should I follow him around and hope he noticed me? Hmmm I think they have laws against stalking these days. Well, why not just do the neighborly thing and invite him over to watch the game?

Having settled on a plan, I worried over just how I would carry it out. I decided the direct approach would be best. So I marched right over, butterflies and all, and boldly knocked on his door. Now it's hard to be nonchalant when you're making a direct request of a stranger, but I did my best.

Knock Knock (door opens)

" Hey, I'm your neighbor, thought I'd introduce myself and sort of you know welcome you the neighborhood 'an all."

Yeah, I was smooth all right. The blank look that lasted all of what seemed like ten minutes dissolved into one of his heart stopping smiles.

"Well hey, yeah you wanna come in."

Did I want to come in. Well sure I wanted to come in. I wanted a hell of a lot more than that, but I just smiled and looked at him and nodded.

There were still moving boxes and sundry items from packing crates lying around. There were lava lamps and bean bag chairs. A futon set against the far wall of his living room sat opposite an older model television. It all spoke of a recent college grad, a deduction sprightly confirmed when he chirped that very bit of information. 

"Yeah, got out of school about six months ago, just landed a job over at Farley computers, moved here from Shelbyville. My names Chet, by the way." and with that he stuck out his hand.

His grip was firm and lasted a bit longer than was customary. He smiled again of course and I thought I would loose it right there. It was getting damn warm, and I was hoping my boner wasn't too obvious.

" You wanna watch the game?" he said as we wandered into position in front of the TV. I explained that I had stopped to invite him over for that very purpose.

He sat down on the small futon and patted next to him, even as he reached into a cooler filled with ice at his feet "Games on already and the beers cold." he said offering me a dripping can. 

How could I refuse? So I sat next to him. My leg pressed against his. He did nothing to move away. The tent in my jeans became a little more noticeable in the new position. I noticed his package seemed more visible as well. We made small talk about our respective histories and quite a bit of eye contact. The signals were all there, and I was wondering just what I should do about it, when midway through the second quarter he did the old yawn and stretch move. Before I could really process what was happening I could feel his fingers playing lightly with the curls of my collar length brown hair.

A sideways glance showed him intently eying the game. Well, I sure didn't want him to stop, so I fell back into the game too. Though I did let my right hand wander over to his knee. He seemed to flinch a little when I put it there, but he didn't move a way. I was stuck drinking beer with my left hand.

The look he gave me as the quarter ended seemed to hold a question. I tentatively moved my hand a bit higher on his thigh and he smiled. He put his beer down and stood up. His extended hand was all the invitation I needed as he lead me to his bedroom for some half-time festivities.

He was clearly no stranger to seduction. His sure footed spotting and landing of me was testament to that. Though I was the older of the two, I didn't mind letting him take the lead.

He held me close and nuzzled my neck the minute we got into his room. He then looked into my eyes. Apparently pleased with my submission, he proceeded to undress me. I offered no resistance to his silent disrobing. Groping me through my fly he put a hand on my shirt less chest, then releasing my nuts he firmly pushed me prone unto the bed. As he undid my belt ,he groped me again all the while looking into my eyes. He released me and before I knew it my pants flew off and hit the floor.

He had me all right and he knew it. He planted a kiss on each nipple and gently nipped each one before proceeding down my belly. I groaned as he reached my navel. His red hair felt wiry as I brought a hand down on the back of his head. He looked up with a wicked grin and twinkle in his dark blue eyes, and then brought his mouth down on the bulge in my underwear. 

I made a move to shuck my tighty whiteys, but he slapped my hands away. With a final lick at my spit soaked briefs he stood up and turned his back as he undressed himself. His muscular arms and shoulders shone in the dim light of the room. His satiny tanned freckled back tapered to a narrow waist, which in turn gave way to two tight milky white globes which seemed to glow in the dusky ambience.

I couldn't help but gasp when he turned around. To say Chet had a nice cock would be an understatement. It's length and girth were clearly an ample seven by two inches. It's flaring ruddy head stood out in relief against the peach colored shaft. It stood proudly out from beneath washboard abs and above plum sized nuts. His red bush only made the package all the more intriguing. I knew I had to suck on it.

He advanced on me slowly. First he freed my aching boner and ditched my underwear. Then he knelt on the bed, his knees straddling my ribcage. I was presented with only one option. As the salty taste of his precome touched my tongue, I felt his cock head pry my lips apart. I opened to take him. He firmly slid his cock onto my tongue, bringing the back of my head forward with his hand. I tried not to gag, but there was no help for it. I looked up into his eyes, and he smiled and let me get some air.

My hands traveled up his smooth belly to his pecs as I caressed his nipples. He then began to fuck my mouth. As I adjusted to his rhythm I found I could take him balls deep. I felt a flush of accomplishment as he stroked my hair and face while he used me the way he wanted.

He shifted slightly giving me an opportunity to alter the angle of oral penetration and to get my head under a pillow, while he gripped the headboard and began to fuck my face in earnest. My hands gripped his milky white ass as he pounded into me. His musky smell and taste as well as the firm feeling of cock sliding in and out of my throat made me crave the load he was very shortly to give me.

His seaman was thick and salty and slid over my tongue with his thrusting shaft and down my throat from his shooting head. He had made me and now I was drinking his cum. I had only just met him,but I was his now, the way I was meant to be.

As he finished he looked down at me and gave a smirk. He reached back to grip my drooling cock. "You liked that, didn't you bitch." he said simply. I could only nod as he continued to stroke me.

He brought me off deftly with a few strokes. He then brought his hand to my face, and touched me gently. Smiling, he shook his head and dismounted from me. He was gone only a few seconds when he returned with a towel. After he silently wiped me off he got up and sauntered with that confident swagger of his into the living room. I lay there not knowing what to do next. My fantasy had been fulfilled and then some, but what just came next I couldn't for the life of me discern.

My confusion quickly ended when Chet popped his head into the room. "Hey, 'welcome wagon' you gonna come watch the second half or what?"

We had bonded in that special way only guys can. And so with our naked bodies glued to the futon in front of the TV, and with beers and dicks in our hands, I knew I had found as close to "happily ever after" as I was going to get.

From that time on Chet and I have made Sunday football a tradition. And he still calls me "Welcome Wagon."