 Disclaimer: Hey guys! Sorry for the long hiatus. Thanks to all the fans for sticking around for this story. I still have at least another chapter left in store for Nick and Cory. Please let me know what you guys think. Any and all feedback is greatly appreciated. I'm still working on catching all the errors in my writing so please bear with me. 

*****

CHAPTER 8: Collateral damage as two worlds collide

I checked my phone to see a text from Cory, reading, "Tomorrow can't come soon enough, I'm dying to see you- feels like it's been forever."

I grinned, replying back, "It's been a whole three days Cory, what makes you think I didn't go out and find someone hotter- younger even."

He shot back milliseconds later, "You wouldn't dare, Grayson. I'm the best you got- looks like you're stuck with me."

I blushed, shoving the phone into my back pocket. Cory and I had been doing this for weeks now- splitting time between each other and our normal lives. We were weaving in and out of these two separate worlds that part of me started to think it was normal. Between the texts and late night phone calls and nightly rendezvous- it started to feel like maybe it could work between us. And so, I played along, trying to escape into his reality rather than sink into the truth that was my own- maybe if I avoided it long enough, it would disappear.

***

I followed the hostess through the crowded dining room, nearly missing the chaos of waiters and patrons alike. The music lowered as she pointed towards the corner table. I looked, and my eyes were drawn to those stark green eyes that pierced me against the brick and mortar that surrounded him. Cory stood and it took every ounce of willpower not to shove him up against the masonry behind him, pressing my lips against his. He led me into a hug, kissing me on the cheek as he pulled away. I blushed, looking around for a second, nearly embarrassed. 

He cleared his throat as we took our seats. "So where is this hotter, younger guy you apparently met?"

Without skipping a beat, I returned, "He's off parking the car because someone had to pick a place with the smallest parking lot."

He swallowed his drink, "I offered to pick you up. You're the one who wanted to take your car."

Rolling my eyes, I replied, "I have to drive every now and then. The last time we had dinner, my dad asked why I always have Mitch pick me up when I go out."

He raised an eyebrow, "So, that's your cover- that you're hanging out with Mitch?"

Shooting back, "Beats telling them I'm having dinner with the next door neighbor for like the third time this week. Besides, since they love Mitch, I don't have to face those Twenty Questions if I say I'm going on a date."

He raised his beer, "Touché."

I added, "You'd like Mitch- he kinda reminds me of you except far less full of himself."

He lightly shoved me, "I am not full of myself!"

I laughed, "Bullshit. I totally saw you checking yourself out in the mirror the last time we-" I raised my fingers, mimicking quotation marks, "hung out".

He leaned in closer, "I was making sure there wasn't any cum in my hair cause God knows you shoot all over the place."

We both rolled back into our seats laughing as the waiter came with our food, confused as if he'd just missed the funniest joke that had ever been told.

***

I exhaled, shoving that last bit of steak into my mouth with a sigh of relief. Cory had cleared his plate minutes ago- I swear that guy eats as if he's never seen food before. He finished off his beer, asking, "So what's new? How's the job hunt going?"

I replied, "It's going good. I applied to a few places, but I actually have an interview set at one of those firms downtown."

His eyes lit up, "Dude- that's awesome! Which firm?"

I answered, "It's called TGA. They specialize in community outreach projects, working with under-served communities all over the world. If I got the job, I'd be going in as a design architect hopefully working up floor plans for meaningful spaces like health clinics and youth centers." I went on for a few minutes getting lost in the words that rolled off my tongue . I caught myself rambling and I looked for a split second expecting to see Cory drifting off with every passing sentence. 

But he wasn't drifting. He was listening; taking in every piece of what I was saying like they were a collection. I smiled, knowing he was actually interested. 

He offered, "That sounds amazing Nick- you could really do some good in a place like that. I know you're going to win them over." He changed tones, "So, why'd you wait until the end of the night to tell me?"

I looked down, tracing the sauce on my plate into a figure eight. "I don't know. I don't really 

want to expect too much- it's just an interview. I don't want to get my hopes up in case I don't get it."

He reached over, lifting my chin with his hand, "You'll get it. You're going to kill that interview and they're going to love you. I mean what's not to love?"

If not for the dozens of people that surrounded us, I would have melted into a puddle of sappy romantic bliss. But I restrained myself, sitting across this guy who told me I mattered. My face blushed with a shade of red that rivalled the brick behind him.

***

I watched as he fumbled his keys through his fingers with hesitation as if he didn't want to go inside. I grabbed his wrist, holding onto his stainless-steel watch- arguably the only thing left cold in the space between us. As he turned back, I gathered, "Thank you."

He nodded, "For what? For dinner? It was my turn to take care of it, you said we'd switch off."

I shook my head, "No, not for dinner- for what you said during dinner. For believing in me." I looked off onto the street behind us hit with a wave of familiarity, continuing, "Moving back home was the parachute in case I couldn't make it on my own... I kept it, never thinking I'd ever need to use it... and it turns out I couldn't jump without it."

He paused for a second, letting the words hit him as hard as they hit me. Gently, he raised my chin so I was facing him, "The fact that you jumped at all is what matters."

I looked at him with eyes as big as the promises I silently made to myself. I called out, "Cory?"

He pressed his palms against mine, "Yeah, Nick?"

Pressing my chest against his, I answered, "I really don't wanna go home tonight."

***

I held his hand as he led me down that familiar foyer. He sat, pressing his body into the couch as firmly as I pressed myself into him. There, I straddled him with my knees at both sides of his legs, inserting my tongue into his willing mouth. I could still taste the beer he drank during dinner and I licked around the inside of his mouth until I could no longer taste the alcohol, only him. His hands grabbed at my back and I could feel him scratch down slightly, wondering if he was leaving any marks for later. I looked, finding him illuminated from the blades of light that passed between our faces. He looked back and smiled, before running his hands up my torso. Leaning forward, he nuzzled at my neck before moving down to my chest. I watched as he undid the buttons of the Henley I was wearing. I waited in anticipation as he slowly made his way down, feeling the cool air on my chest as he slowly exposed me. When he finally undid them all, he pulled off my shirt with ease, nuzzling back against my bare skin this time. I could feel him, practically gnawing away at my nipples and I moaned out as I felt his teeth gently biting them like they were hard candy. 

He looked up at me, rolling his tongue against my nipple, "I love watching you squirm."

I moaned out, "I swear to God, you can make me cum just by doing that."

He moved up, kissing at my neck, "Not yet baby. You know where I want you to cum?"

I grabbed the back of his head, pushing him closer into me, "Where?"

He stopped, sliding up to my ear whispering with bated breath, "In. my. mouth" 

Those words sent a jolt through my veins and I found my cock drenched in pre-cum as he slowly pulled away at my boxers. I sat back up on him with my cock dangling above his stomach. I looked down, seeing the pearls of pre-cum glisten against his ivory skin as they collected on the crevices of his body. He managed to lift me up, pulling off his jeans before placing me back down. There, in the comfort of his living room, I felt his cock press against my ass is if it were imprinted there by design. Cory groped my ass, squeezing them in each hand as I rocked back and forth, sliding the sensitive tip of my cock against his glazed abs. 

He sighed out, "I don't think I can take that much time away from you anymore."

He chuckled, grabbing his chest, "Dude you fucked me three days ago. Not to mention the steamy phone call we had just last night."

He fondled my hips, "Yeah and those moans you gave me resounded in my head the entire day." He continued, "Besides a phone call can only do so much. I need to touch your warm skin. Taste your body. Watch you cum for me."

Those words sent me over my edge and I found myself starving for Cory's cock. I lifted myself up slightly, gripping his cock in my hand. "Fuck Cory, I need you so bad."

He bit down on his lip, "That's it boy, take this cock."

I lowered myself slowly, feeling his cock push against my hole. I moaned out, feeling the head pass my first ring. From there, I could feel every inch and every vein as he slowly filled me up. My eyes rolled back as I felt the base of his cock at my cheeks. There, nine inches deep, I somehow wanted even more. Cory compensated by sticking his tongue down my throat. I grinded on him as he grabbed my ass- not sure which of us was most full. 

I pulled away from his lips, moaning out, "I've been dreaming of this cock all night."

He bit down on his bottom lip, "Yeah? Tell me about it."

I nodded, "I was this close to laying on the table and letting you fuck me right then and there in the middle of the restaurant."

He shook his head, "Boy, don't make promises you can't keep."

I kissed him, biting on his lip as I pulled away, "Fuck me Cory. Fuck your boy good."

He raised his hand, caressing the side of my neck while staring deeply into my eyes. I shared that moment with him, so tender and sweet. But Cory had other plans. I watched as he lifted me slightly, cupping my ass in his hands. His moves were quick as he started to pound into me. I started to lose control, swinging back as I felt every inch push against my prostate, filling me up good. 

I could feel my toes curl against the cushions of the couch as he rammed into me. Cory would pull out so that the head of his cock was barely into my hole and I would feel a sense of relief for mere seconds before he filled me up once against, pushing his entire length into me, hard. I leaned back slightly, watching my man's eyes get filled with that same savage force he always succumbs to when we fuck. But I wanted it too- arguably just as bad as he needed to give it to me. 

Cory caught my glance, giving me a nod as his actions slowed. I understood, lowering myself down, riding his dick once more. I watched as his body glistened; covered in sweat from his thrusts and I wanted nothing more than to lean down and taste every inch of his skin. I closed my eyes for a second, hearing my balls slap against Cory's body. It was like music to my ears. 

I dug my feet further into the cushions as Cory's cock pierced me deep. I moaned out, probably loud enough that my parents could hear from across the street. But I didn't care. I had gone long enough with Cory's fat cock deep inside me. I wanted it more than anything. 

I fucked myself deep. Managing to lift myself so that his cockhead rested on my outer ring before slamming my ass down. I was in heaven. Cory wrapped his strong hands around my back, pulling me into his embrace. He kissed me, pulling away from my lips slightly so that only his breath remained. I sat there, grinding on his cock with our foreheads touching. Our eyes didn't lose contact, and I stared into him as he fucked me good and slow. 

After a few minutes of this, Cory finally broke, "Nick, I can't keep this up much longer. I need to cum."

I tightened my ass at his words and he pulled me in for a final kiss before he started to pound into me, pushing himself towards his climax. I leaned back, gripping my own cock as he fucked me. My legs dangled on either side with my toes curled just inches above the stone floor. Cory's eyes filled with lust as his breaths shortened. But I was the one who finished first., pulling at my dick as he rubbed against my prostate. I yelled out, "Fuck Cory, I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna fucking cum!" 

In a swift motion, he leaned in close to my crotch. His tongue sat centimeters from my head. Any closer and Cory would have taken it in his mouth. He caressed my side as ropes of my thick cum sprayed out onto his tongue. He looked up at me with eyes somehow innocent. Yet here he was, taking my load like a cum craved slut. He flashed me a winning smile before swallowing down. I felt as his tongue pushed into my slit, trying to milk me for all I was worth. 

My own cum shot sent him over the edge and as the last few drops of cum left my aching cock, he moaned out. I immediately felt his cock pulse as streams of his cum flooded my willing hole. He moaned out, "Fuck baby!"

He grabbed me, pulling me closer. My lips pressed against his, sealing his moans with his tongue tracing the inside of my mouth. We stayed like that for minutes, feeling the heat of our bodies radiate against each other, listening to our breaths slow down.

He kissed me, gently this time, letting out a laugh. "Fuck Nick, you always get me so worked up. That was definitely one for the books."

I licked his bottom lip, "You're still inside me, baby."

He pressed his forehead against mine, "That's cause you feel damn good. I'll hold off on sex for a week if it means you make me cum like that every time. 

I lifted up, pulling myself off him as he let out a loud moan. "You can't resist me for that long. You're not strong enough."

I expected a quick response, but he simply nodded, admitting his own guilt. I was about to reach for my boxers when his hand met mine. He pulled me in and I leaned down to kiss him as he sat upright. Grabbing my other hand he asked, "You're staying with me tonight, right?" I looked down to see his eyes, practically begging me to stay. His face softened into a pout and I swear I wanted to flood him with kiss after kiss. 

I settled for a soft kiss against his forehead, "Let's go to bed then."

He stood up, leading the way upstairs, refusing to let go of my hand. 

***

Cory had been quiet the days leading up to my interview. Still, the resounding affirmation that I would get it, was enough for me to make it through every nerve and every doubt. Before that dinner, I was a self-deprecating pity party of one, but after, it was like I was running a marathon- mere feet from the finish line, with someone waiting on the other side. 

I strolled out of the double doors and found myself in the middle of downtown amidst a horde of passers-by and zooming cars alike. A wide smile plastered onto my face as I pulled out my phone. Without hesitation, I dialled Cory's number as he was the first person I wanted to tell. Four rings later, he finally picked up and I could hear hesitation on the other end of the phone. 

He asked, almost whispering, "Nick?"

I gushed, rolling off words faster than they processed, "Cory- I got the job! I just came out of the interview and they were impressed. They offered me a position on the spot and I accepted. I start next week!"

Cory met my enthusiasm with half-hearted praise, commenting, "Nick that's great. Look- I'm sorry but I can't really talk right now."

I persisted, "Oh I'm sorry, were you in the middle of something. I can call back later if you want."

He cut me off, "Nick, it's not a good time."

He paused and I sensed guilt as he struggled to find words. Sighing, he continued, "My wife is here."

I stood there, shocked, trying to find words, "Your wife?"

He went on, "Yes. She should be back from the grocery store soon- that's why I can't really talk. She's in town this week, Nick."

I stood there, feeling emotions rush through my spine. It started with anger, then soon turned to disappointment until all that was left was a resounding feeling of guilt. A metallic taste filled my mouth as I swallowed down. I gathered myself, replying, "Oh. I'm sorry." as I hung up the phone before Cory could tell me otherwise. I looked out to all the people that passed me by- none of them knowing the conversation I just had or what I was feeling. Surrounded by hundreds of people, I had never felt so alone. 

***

I made my way home, throwing my things aside as I walked through my room. I felt the heaviness ease off as I stripped down to just a shirt and sweat pants. I sat there for a minute, motionless, knowing that just across the street Cory was there with her. That tonight he'd play the role of the perfect husband, that they'd sit down for dinner together, and that tonight, they'd share a bed- the same bed we shared many times over. I thought about taking a shower in hopes the water could wash away the disgust I felt, but I knew that it wouldn't do me any better. So I sat there instead, festering in my own disgrace.

I acted my way through dinner, sitting down with my parents who had no idea what I had been up to since moving back. And I played the part well- speaking only enough to not cause worry. I spoke about my day in general terms- leaving out the job offer entirely. I wanted to tell them, I really did. But the truth was that I didn't want to hear their reactions. I wasn't up for a celebration of any kind, not tonight. And so, I found myself back up in my room, sitting in my bed staring at the bleak sky that peeked through my window.

I blinked a few minutes, thinking I had seen something out the window. Getting to my feet, I slowly walked towards it, wondering if it was my delusions or just wishful thinking getting the better of me. But it was neither. When I pressed my legs against the window sill, I looked out and saw Cory just outside. There he stood atop the shingles of the lower roof in a tank top, shorts and slippers as if he had just rolled out of bed. He smiled as I caught his glance, walking towards me. I leaned back to open the window as he peeked inside. His hand caught mine and I could feel the cool breeze on his skin as he quickly warmed up to my touch. Pulling him in, we stood there for a few seconds. I breathed him in as if he had been away for months. 

Breaking the silence, I asked, "What are you doing here?"

He rested his hands on my waist, "I needed to see you."

I grabbed onto his wrists, trying to find some sense of doubt in his eyes. "But your wi-..." I stopped myself just before I could finish that word. That damned word. Pressing on, "She- isn't she here?"

I softened my face as he replied, "She's asleep. I waited for her to go to bed so I could sneak over and see you. Look Nick, I know you're probably not happy with me right now. I didn't want to tell you 'cause I knew it would get inside your head." I gulped, swallowing the hard statement that nearly irritated me had it not been true. He continued, "But I wanted to congratulate you on the job." His face started to light up the dim room that surrounded us. "I know how hard you worked for this and how badly you wanted it. I told you they'd love you."

I paused, realizing that our fingers had become intertwined. Standing there, I begged to ask the question, "But do you? Do you love me?". I searched in his face for the answer, but all I could find was certainty. Yet the ring that rested on his knuckle led me to only see doubt. So I fought the urge to ask and caught myself for the second time tonight, acting.
