 Disclaimer: Hey guys! Here's another chapter of the Nick and Cory saga. Be mindful that bareback sex will be included from here on out. I still have more in store for these two so look out for the updates as they come. Please let me know what you guys think. Any and all feedback is greatly appreciated. 

*****

I scurried into the restaurant and scooted into that familiar booth beside my friends. This was our spot. We'd been coming here for years after school for a good burger or Rueben. Some days we toasted to cheese fries and onion rings, other days we drowned our sorrows in black and white milkshakes and peach cobbler. My appearance was met with a loud hollering and I made my way down the line, shaking hands and half hugging each of them.

Connor spoke first, "About time you made it, not like you be late Nick." That was met with snickering across the table.

Tyler followed suit, "Come on now guys, my friend Nick here was probably off fantasizing about Casey Montgomery like he did all throughout high school."

I turned red, "You know I really regret telling you that."

Tyler smiled proud, "All good dude. Besides I ran into Casey the other day and he's definitely still straight. He has two kids with two different moms."

Mitch added in, "And to think Nick, one of those kids could be yours." The table erupted in laughter and I shook my head, drinking down the beer set in front of me. 

I swallowed, "If I had known I'd get this much support, I would have come out to you guys a lot sooner."

Connor pat my shoulder, "Four years later and that's still the biggest shocker of 2013. I had plans for us man. Quinn's sister was totally into you."

I rolled my eyes thinking about her yet for the life of me, I couldn't remember her name. Truth be told, we were probably into the same kind of guys. It was a different time back then. Re-joining the conversation, I asked, "How is Quinn these days? You guys still going strong?"

Connor nodded, "Seven years later and she hasn't dumped me yet. I count that as lucky."

Tyler pushed, "Dude she's known you since puberty- it's a miracle she hasn't run for the hills."

Mitch sipped his beer, "How bout you Nick? Seeing anyone? You know my barber is gay, I should give you his number."

I sat back for a second riding out Mitch's punchline, wondering what it was that Cory and I were. Last week it was clear that it was just sex but these days between the staying over, and hand-holding and use of the word "baby"- I started to think otherwise.

I snapped back, "Nope- I'm kinda laying low these days. Trying to figure my life out." I looked down, looking at the foam on the surface of my beer wishing that was the whole truth. One way or another, my statement wasn't exactly wrong.

Connor raised his glass, "Well then here's to being 22- a time of your life when you think you're supposed to have all the answers, but the reality is the opposite."

I raised my own beer, cheering "Here, here!" along with the echo of my friends. 

The four of us finished up our meal and started to go our separate ways. Mitch and Tyler rode together and were already out the door while Connor and I paid for our bills. As we stepped out of the familiar establishment, Connor rested his hand on my shoulder.

Connor probed, "So what's really going on with you, man?"

I turned, puzzled, "What do you mean?"

Back in the restaurant, "Mitch asked if you were seeing anyone and it took you way too long to answer. You had that classic 'Nick staring off into his inner subconscious' look plastered on your face."

I protested, "Nah dude, I-I"

He stood firm, "Nick. You don't have to play coy with me, dude. I've known you since your family moved here and I suddenly wasn't the only six-year-old in the neighborhood. What's the situation?"

I exhaled, letting down some walls as I spilled the truth. "To be honest. I don't know what the situation is Connor. I met this guy a week ago and we've been hooking up since. And for a while I thought that was it."

He peered his eyes, "But you like him?"

I nodded, "Yeah. I think I do." Hearing those words escape my mouth was a satisfying release of pent up emotion that I held back for a while. I went on, "And lately, I'm starting to think he might like me back."

He raised his arms, "Then what's the problem dude?" I may have been known to examine my life too often, but Connor was the opposite. He was all black and white, right or wrong, yes and no. He always tried to rationalize every situation into two options but it couldn't always be that simple. 

I answered trying not to give too much away, "We just can't be together. Not now and maybe not for a while. And there's nothing I can do about it..." I inhaled deeply, trying to hold myself back, finishing off it, "It's complicated."

Connor rested both hands on my shoulders and looked me in the eye, offering, "Nick. You spent most of your life hiding a big part of who you are and you did that for reasons all your own. You of all people should be done with hiding. I know I'm making this out to be black and white when in reality, it's probably all shades of grey, but sometimes things are only as complicated as we make them out to be. Promise me you'll at least put yourself out there."

I held my breath. My body was just begging me to tell Connor the full story- to explain all the fucked up shades of grey the actual situation was. But I couldn't bring myself to do it. I needed him to think that it was just two people with wrong timing. I exhaled, but none of that frustration came out. Instead, I offered the words, "I promise." Knowing it wasn't something I could keep.

I made my way back home from the restaurant a little past three pm. I sluggishly made it up the stairs to my bedroom, stripping off every piece of clothing like they were layers of armor. After three practical back to back sessions, my body finally caught up to me. As I eased into bed, feeling the soft fabric against my bare skin, I finally relaxed fully. Moments away from drifting asleep, I wondered what Cory had in store for later. But before I could make any guesses, my fatigue took over and I fell asleep. 

I woke up to the sound of my phone going off. Reaching over to the nightstand, I checked as the time read 5:30. Looking through my found I saw a text from Cory that read, "Meet me at my place around 7. Can't wait to see you."

Stepping out of what was my third shower of the day, I dried myself off in front of the mirror. There, standing stark naked, I looked at how exposed I was. Not just the bare aspect of it, but how vulnerable I had made myself. I went over to Cory that first day and I entered into a situation I could not see a way out of. At least not one where no one gets hurt. 

Still, as I got dressed and doused myself in expensive cologne, I caught a smile streak across my face. I liked him. I wanted to see him. And whatever capacity that was- I would take the opportunity. Buttoning up the towards my neck, I shook off some nerves of excitement. Who knew what Cory had in store?

I knocked on his door five minutes to 5:30, and my heart raced faster than any mile I could run. Just a week ago I was in this same position- knocking on a stranger's door wanting something from him. This time around, the only thing I wanted was for him to no longer be a stranger. This time around, it felt like two guys really trying to get to know each other. 

Cory opened the door milliseconds after I knocked as if he was waiting on the other side of the door for me. I'd be lying if I said that didn't make me blush. He swung open the door and my face was met with a boyish smirk that filled out his face. 

He peered me in the eyes, letting out a low, "Hey."

I grinned, offering a warm, "Long time no see." He nodded and I caught myself leaning in closer, dying to taste his lips as if I had never savoured them before. But right as my lips were about to press onto his, I felt his firm hand brush against my chest. We stood there for a second, centimeters from touch, eyes fixed against each other. 

He stepped back slightly, clearing his throat, "I would like to take you out tonight, Nick."

I looked back, puzzled, "Um yeah, I think that's been established."

He flashed a winning smile, "See I was raised as a gentleman. And gentlemen don't kiss on the first date."

I watched as he held back laughter, trying really hard to contain how absurd it was. I extended my hand, grabbing his in a shake- it was a touch definitely appreciated, but not quite as satisfying as what I had in mind. Leaning in, I asked, "So how do 'gentlemen' feel about hugs?"

He raised a brow, "Hugs are accepted."

I entered Cory's warm embrace, feeling his chest press against mine as our arms interlocked. I leaned in with my face nuzzling up against his neck, breathing in his aftershave that intoxicated me with every passing second. I debated for a second if I should break his rules and dive face first into a hurling kiss. I knew that once his lips met mine, he wouldn't be able to hold back. But I decided to play along. This hug will have to do...for now.

Cory pulled away, breaking the trance that I saw in his own eyes. He cleared his though, "Shall we go?"

I nodded, squeezing the hard on that simple touch had next between my legs and followed him out to the driveway. We jumped into his Jeep Wrangler and drive down the highway hearing the wind speed past us through the slightly cracked windows. 

I looked out as we passed the city's limits, turning, I asked, "Am I allowed to ask where we're headed?"

He kept his eyes on the road, "I wanted to take your somewhere special."

I added, "So special we had to leave town?"

He looked over, rolling his eyes, "And I thought I was the impatient one here. Just wait and see."

After a few minutes, Cory parked and we found ourselves walking down a small one way street. I looked around as my eyes caught the warm light from lanterns that dotted the treeline. Each step was another storefront beautifully decorated and just waiting for customers to step inside. Another two blocks and Cory led me into a small Bistro. I followed him through the restaurant, adoring the natural brick walls that lined the space until he took a seat and I followed suit. 

Cory smiled as I examined the space, "What do you think?"

I gathered my thoughts, "It's amazing. I love the design in here- I just hope the food is as good as the décor."

He nodded, pleased. I dared to asked, "So why take me all the way out here?" I paused, waiting for the reason that I knew would come. He took me out of town so we wouldn't be seen; so neither of us could run into anyone we knew and would have to explain why the two of us were together. 

Cory explained, "Work has me coming out here every week for meetings. On the way I'd always pass that small street and this place kinda stuck out to me. I knew I wanted to try it out, but I didn't really want to go by myself. And so, here we are."

I swallowed, taking in the answer I didn't think I would get. Finding my words, I asked, "Well I'm glad you brought me. Shall we get a round?"

He leaned back, "Ugh yes please. You don't know how nervous I've been thinking about how this will go."

I laughed, "Cory, out of all the things we've down so far, this is what made you nervous?"

He raised an eyebrow, "This is different Nick. And I'm not used to different." He reached out his hand and held my forearm, "But I'm getting there."

My eyes fixed on his the entire time we were in the restaurant. I watched him slowly find comfort, releasing his nerves with every sentence. I watched and I listened as he went on about his family back East, how he saved up enough money to buy his dream car, and every little detail of his life he was willing to share. And I shared myself, in what didn't seem like question and answer, rather someone more natural. We finished up our meals and slowly walked down that same street- it was just one of those nights you didn't want to end. 

The warm lanterns that dotted the treeline were replaced with street lights equally spaced throughout the drive back home. I sighed as he pulled onto our street, watching the houses pass us by as we slowed drove back to reality. 

We stood there, outside his front door standing far enough away as to not cause suspicion but still close to where I could smell his aftershave in the space between us. I found his traveling eyes, "This was so great Cory, thank you for tonight."

He lit up, "You really liked it? You're not just saying that?"

I nodded, "I really did."

Suddenly the space between us closed and his lips were finally met by mine. He cradled my face in his hands as mine found their place on his waist. He pulled back slowly, "Nick I can't help myself any longer."

I look him straight in the eye, replying in a low voice, "Take me, Cory."

We stumbled our way through the front door and up the stairs, detaching our lips only to remove our shirts and occasionally look to see where we were going. Walking up, we left a trail of our clothes along the staircase as we moved with haste towards the bedroom. Cory pinned me against the bedroom door with so much force that I swear we could break through the wood if we tried hard enough. I rested along the cold surface, with my bare back touching the door while my head dug deeper into his hand behind me. He kissed me furiously as if his tongue was eager to taste every crevice of my mouth. I slipped my hands down his tight boxer briefs and grabbed his ass. He noticed, reaching down and gripping my cock in his fist. There we were, pinned against the bedroom door with nothing but thin sheets of fabric separating our throbbing cocks. 

He reached over and turned the knob, nearly knocking me over as he pushed forward. He let out a small laugh as we stumbled through the doorway. His eyes pierced through my soul as he slowly turned me around so that his chest pressed against my back. His hands started their work on my boxers, sliding them down until my cock sprang back, flopping against my chest. He gave it a few strokes and it hardened at his touch. He then stripped of his own boxers and I could feel his cock resting against the crease of my hole. He wrapped his arounds around my shoulders and I followed by grinding against his cock as he sucked away at my neck. I could feel the pulsing vibrations of his dick along my smooth skin as it dripped precum along my hole. 

Pressing his hand on my back, he pushed me down so that my face made contact with his sheets. I turned back slightly, watching as his spit dripped onto my hole. He gathered it in his fingers and rubbed it against me, causing my toes to curl from his touch. He lathered my hole, saying, "Fuck dude, I love your ass. I've been starting it through those tight pants you were wearing all night."

I nodded, unable to speak as he slowly probed me with his fingers. After a few pushes, his fingers left my hole as the head of his cock grazed my ass. He gently stroked my back as if to get my attention, asking, "Nick, do you want me to-"

I cut him off, replying, "I trust you."

I caught a glimpse of him nodding before turning back to face the bedframe. I needed him inside me almost as bad as he needed my hole. My fists grabbed at the loose bedsheets as he slowly entered my hole. Cory had fucked me many times by now, but his cock still pressed against my walls every time he started off. I bit down on my lower lip, wincing as I felt his length push deeper into me. 

He growled, "Open up for me baby. I want you."

I breathed out, relaxing as I felt the tip of his cock press against my prostate. He stopped for a second, allowing me to adjust to his size. Leaning down, I felt his scruff rub against the back of my neck. He whispered into my ear as I bit down, "Fuck Nick, it's like you get tighter after every fuck"

I turned back slightly so our eyes met, asking, "Cory?"

He responded, "Yeah babe?"

I asserted, "I want you to fuck me as hard as you can."

He nodded, kissing the back of my neck and leaning back so he was standing straight up. His hands wrapped around my hips and I felt a sense of hesitation in his movements. Pushing back onto him, he took the hint and started to fuck into me. He started off slow, moving his hips in rhythm. I leaned down into the comforter with my mouth wide open as I felt the entire length of his cock against my hole. I shivered as I felt his head at the entrance of my hole. He left it there for a second and I could feel it throbbing against me. Before I could catch a breath, Cory rammed it deep into me with so much force that I almost hit the headboard. My knees bent causing my legs to flail in the air as I felt his balls slap against my hole. 

It felt good. Painful, but so damn good. I grabbed the sheets stability, moaning, "Fuck me baby. I need you."

He leaned down and kissed along my back as far as his body could bend. Grabbing my shoulders, he started to thurst deeper and deeper inside me. I let out loud moans as he fucked me that rivalled the sound of his bed pushing against the dry wall. 

Suddenly I felt his hands reach up against my chest before cradling my jaw. I leaned out, taking his fingers into my mouth and sucking hard. Cory loved the sensation, leaning in to me, praising, "You fucking want me so bad, don't you Nick? You just love spreading that hole for me."

I nodded as my eyes rolled back, feeling his cock open me up while I practically sucked his fingers dry. Cory's cock continued to press into me and I found myself dripping with precum- just moments from cumming at a constant state of arousal.

Cory pulled out of me and for a second, I regretted the emptiness that I felt. He grabbed me on my sides and flipped me on my side, running his arm under me and pressing his chest against my back. We were complete again.

He slapped his wet cock against my hole, cradling me, "I needed to hold you Nick- I wanted to feel you in my arms when I make you cum."

I leaned in and kissed him as he started to fuck me once more. He wrapped his arms around my torso, crossing them against my chest. My hands met his, interlocking our fingers in a tight grip. There- I could feel him. His body glistening with sweat against my backside, his warm breath on my neck whispering sweet nothings into my ear, and his touch- his electrifying touch all over my skin- I didn't need anything else in that moment.

I turned back to kiss him and his tongue entered my mouth as his cock pressed against my walls. He tasted so good- there weren't any other ways I could describe it. He continued to fuck into me, wrapping his legs so they were intertwined with mine. His strokes slowed along with his breath and I could feel his balls clench as they slapped against my hole. He was close- and I wanted to take him all the way there.

I tightened my hole, listening to his moans as I started to milk his cock. His lips turned to my neck, kissing against my skin. He moved his hands so they were grabbing my chest and after a few last strokes, I felt his warm breath against my neck, "Fuck Nick, I'm cumming."

The sensation of his warm cum filling up my hole and dripping down my cheek was enough to set me off. I grabbed my own cock and started to shoot out streams of cum, drenching my abs in my own juice. Cory pulled out slowly, resting his wet cock against my ass as I turned to face him. Looking into his stark green eyes, he leaned over and fumbled my hair through his fingers.

He commented, "Damn Nick, you're drenched, man." 

I examined myself, "Yeah I can't even tell what's sweat and what's cum."

Raising an eyebrow he added, "I could always clean you up."

Hitting his chest, I replied, "The last time we tried that, I left even dirtier than before."

He laughed, "You just get me so carried away, dude." He looked over me and I watched as his smile lit up the dim room we were in. He continued, clearing his throat, "Thank you for coming out with me tonight. I had a great time- even before the sex."
