 I went to college in the early 70's. I attended a "liberal" midwestern college in a progressive town. The townfolk had decided that marijuana was not worth the hassle of prosecution, so they decided to make it a misdemeanor ... an equivalent of a parking ticket ... subject to a $25 fine. To my knowledge, in the six years that I lived in that town, no-one was ever fined.

As a result, smoking grass was something that most of us (me included) tried early in our academic careers. After a couple of months at school, smelling the reefer as I crossed the campus, I started to inquire about where to try some. I did not have to search far.

I had several friends in my dorm, amongst them a casual acquaintance named Michael. My roommate told me that Michael could hook me up with a joint if I wanted to try it. It didn't take me long to decide to walk down to Michael's room and ask how much a joint would cost me.

Michael and I had met during the Summer prior to our freshman year when we had been in the same orientation class. Besides giving us a tour of the campus, the leaders of the orientation encouraged us to talk with the other incoming freshmen and women to push start us on our mingling with people outside of our usual circle of friends. In some cases, mine included, none of our high school friends may be attending the University.

I found out that Michael would be staying in the same dorm as I was. As it turned out, he was on the same floor, although we did not discover that until just before move in day. On move in day, I met my roommate for the first time, Alan, and he is the one that steered me to Michael for the pot.

One other thing about Michael ... he was the only person that I knew that was "reported" to be gay. It was not anything that I had ever asked him about, but I was not surprised by it. Michael (I'm using Michael, because that is how he preferred to be called) was on the smallish side, about 5'6 or 7" and slim build. Like many other guys in our freshman class, he wore his hair longer, not quite to his shoulders.

I, on the other hand, stood just under 6 feet, weighing in at just over 200 pounds. I played baseball and football in high school, but not anywhere near well enough to try out for the college teams. I believed that I was in good, if not great, shape. I never had a problem attracting women, but I was quite shy, and as a result, at 18, still a virgin.

This last little bit has nothing to do with what I've stated my desire was to see Michael this day, but a lot to do about what occurs later. I wandered, not quite scurried, down the hall and found Michael's door ajar. I knocked and asked through the crack for Michael. He did have a roommate and I had no idea whether his roommate would be able to hook me up with the weed I desired. His roommate's name was Carl, a bookish, black kid from the city. Both Michael and I were from the suburbs.

As it turned out, Michael was there and invited me in.

MICHAEL: Hey Jack, what's up?

JACK: Well Michael .... I was just wondering .... I mean I am curious ..... about something.

MICHAEL: If you tell what this something is, perhaps I can help you with your curiosity (chuckling).

JACK: Well ... I've never tried marijuana, and I'm curious about it ... how does it make you feel?

MICHAEL: It's different for everyone I guess. I've been smoking it since I was a junior (in high school), and I've been around a bunch of people that have tried it for the first time. Some get high and some say that they don't experience any effect at all. Did you want to try it?

JACK: That's why I'm here. I was told that you could get me a joint. Is that possible?

A smile comes across Michael's face and he walks over to his desk drawer and pulls out a joint.

MICHAEL: I was leaving soon for a date, but I enjoy taking a few tokes prior to going out. Would you care to join me?

I had not considered the possibility that I would be offered a joint right then and there. I had thought that I could buy the joint and take it back to my room to try later, but I figured what the hell ...

JACK: I don't want to keep you, but if you're willing to show me how to smoke it ... sure.

Michael suggested that I have a seat. The desk chair had books on it, so I sat on his bed. He walked over to the door and shut it, throwing the lock. While smoking in the dorms was allowed (it was the early 70's and smoking bans had not arrived yet), Michael explained that smoking weed in your room was "officially" frowned upon and might just invite other floor mates in, and he didn't have time or the stash for a party.

Michael sat down, near me but not right next to me, on the bed and proceeded to light the joint. I saw him inhale, and hold his breath for a bit. As he exhaled, he explained that by holding your breath, you keep the smoke in your lungs longer and the weed will act quicker. He handed me the joint and had me take a toke.

Of course, I immediately started coughing. How the fuck do people do this? He laughed and told me that this happens to almost everyone on their first try. He suggested that I take a couple of breaths, to freshen the air in my lungs, while he took another toke. He handed me the joint again, and suggested that I take a "small" toke this time, and try breathing it in. I did so, and in spite of a desire to cough it up again, I was able to hold my breath for a few seconds before expelling the air.

Michael took another toke, then handed the joint back to me. He said for me to keep working on it. He needed to change clothes for his date. I took another small toke while Michael walked over to his closet. As I exhaled, I saw him remove his shirt and toss it in a basket in his closet. He was looking through some shirts on hangars, while I tried another toke. He then dropped his trousers showing me that he had been going commando the whole time we were talking. I was now looking at his smooth ass.

I was a little shocked by this, and proceeded to cough up the smoke that was in my lungs. He turned and asked if I was OK. My eyes went wide. I have seen plenty of young guys in locker rooms over the years, with all kinds of body shapes and varying lengths of cocks, but I have never seen a cock, or a set of balls, so large on such a tiny body. Michael was not hard, but he had to be at least 5 inches hanging soft.

I've never had a gay thought in my life, and truthfully didn't think I was having a gay thought right now. I was just shocked. Michael walked over to me and held his hand out for the joint. While I noticed this, the joint that had my attention was hanging just between his legs. He practically had to shake me to get the joint from me.

I saw him take another toke and a smile come across his face as he held his breath, and closed his eyes. Meanwhile, his dick was about a foot from my eyes, and I swear that I saw it twitch, and start to grow. Upon inhaling, Michael handed the joint back to me, and suggested that I take a little bit bigger toke this time. He stood there while I did so, then asked me how I was feeling.

Fuck. I was feeling horney. How could this be? I'm not gay.

Instead of telling him that I was horney, I just stated that I was feeling good (after all, feeling horney is good ... is it not?).

MICHAEL: Good. It seems that the pot is having an effect. As I said, not everyone feels it the first time.

I just smiled, and my gaze shifted back to his cock. Damn. It had gotten bigger. It was now about 7 inches and still not completely stiff.

MICHAEL: Does that look good to you? .... Jack?

I just looked up at Michael. I'm sure I was blushing. I had to say something.

JACK: I'm sorry. It's just that I've never seen such a big cock on such a small guy.

MICHAEL: But you've seen bigger?

JACK: Well. Yeah, at least I think. In porn magazines ... you know?

I looked down again, and found it at full staff ... thick and about 8 inches long. I gulped.

MICHAEL: Are you hard Jack?

Well, I was horney (and high?) and I was 18 years old. I think that everyone could answer this question. I was so fuckin hard, I thought I would burst out of my pants.

MICHAEL: Why don't you take your dick out Jack? I need to jack off before I leave now and it would be fun to do it together. Have you ever jacked off with a friend?

JACK: No. No, I have not.

MICHAEL: Really? Stand up.

I don't know why, but I did stand up. Upon doing so, Michael did not back up, and my hand brushed his dick. Did I do that intentionally?

MICHAEL: Now drop em.

When I hesitated, Michael reached over and grabbed my belt. I still hand the joint in my hand, and Michael noticed that it had gone out. He released my belt, and took the joint from me. The lighter was sitting on the bed, and he reached over to pick it up. When he did so, the back of his hand rand across my bulge. I am CERTAIN that that was intentional. Michael relit the joint, took a toke, and handed it back to me ... telling me to take another toke. Apparently, I enjoyed taking orders. I did as he told me.

Michael returned to unbuckling my belt, unzipping my jeans and releasing the button. With that, my jeans dropped down around my ankles, and there I stood in my tighty whities, with my dick straining to get out. Michael ran his hand along my enclosed shaft, all the way up to the wet spot ........ wet spot?

I had been petted by a couple of girlfriends in high school, once to the point where I came in my pants. This was feeling much like that ... except, it wasn't a girl's hand petting me. Damn, did that feel good.

I closed my eyes. I suspect that Michael knew what I was imagining. He took the joint from me. I opened my eyes to see him walk the joint over to his desk and place it in an ashtray there. He returned to me, that 8 inch staff sticking straight up, with those balls swinging below. Damn. I was horney.

MICHAEL: Touch my cock, Jack. I need to cum before I go, otherwise I'll be hard all night. Please?

Well, he did say please. So I reached my hand out, and for the first time, I touched another guy's cock. Besides the size (I have about 6 and ½ inches), and the position of my hand on the cock, it did not feel much different from my own, and I do like feeling my own cock.

MICHAEL: That's it Jack. Stroke it lightly, just like it was your own cock.

With that, Michael reached over and petted my dick through my underwear again. I groaned.

MICHAEL: mmmm .... That feels good Jack. I'm so hard. I feel like I'm going to burst. Can you do another thing for me Jack?

I just looked him in the eyes, then returned my attention to his cock. I was so fuckin horney. Is this why they tell you not to smoke pot? It makes you do things that you would not normally do?

MICHAEL: Sit down Jack.

I took a step back and sat back down on his bed, never taking my hand off his cock.

MICHAEL: Have you ever tasted your cum Jack?

I tried it a couple of times. I think most guys my age have tried it at least once. But my concern was, why was Michael asking this of me? I was so fuckin horney.

MICHAEL: Do you see that drop on the end of my dick Jack. Try licking that up. Just try it. Please?

Well, he did say please. So I leaned forward and licked the cum off the end of his dick (I did not know the phrase pre-cum at this time).

MICHAEL: How did that taste? Did you enjoy it?

I just nodded my head. Truthfully, I did not mind it. It had kind of a sweet taste. It did not taste like my cum at all. I saw another drop form at the tip of Michael's cock, and I leaned forward again to get another taste. This time, I kept my tongue on his cock and licked the head. I heard Michael groan. He took a slight step forward and I felt the head of his dicks on my lips. I was so fuckin horney.

I parted my lips and let his dick enter my mouth. I felt the under side of his cock on my tongue and my teeth scraped the top of his cock.

MICHAEL: Ouch. Watch your teeth Jack. Have you never received a blowjob before?

No I haven't. I never got past the petting stage with those girls. I can imagine what that must've felt like. I made a conscious effort to keep my teeth off his cock. I felt Michael put a hand on the back of my head and start to thrust in and out of my mouth. Well, I did come over here looking for a joint.

MICHAEL: Try sucking on it Jack. Just lightly. I'm almost there. Please.

Well, he did say ... I did my best to lightly suck as he asked. It resulted in my running my tongue over his cock. It actually felt good for me.

MICHAEL: Fondle my balls. Just touch them lightly. Play with them like you would like yours played with.

I reached up and fondled his balls. They were hanging loose, and as I stated, they were fuckin huge. Perhaps it was just that they were bigger than I imagined he should be because of his size. As I fondled them, I felt them start to draw up into his body. They no longer felt as heavy. Is that possible? His dick seemed to get a little thicker as well.

MICHAEL: Oh fuck. I'm cumming.

He's what? He's cumming? In my mouth? What the ... before I could push him off, the first shot came out, filling my mouth. I promptly pushed him off and the next shot hit me in the face, just below my eyes. I tried to put my hands up, but I had closed my eyes, so that I wouldn't have any cum in them and felt another blast across my upper lip. I was so astonished, I wound up swallowing the first blast as the fourth hit me in the chin. Michael still had my head in his hands and placed the tip of his dick on my open mouth (why was it still open?). A couple of more squirts landed on my tongue.

MICHAEL: Suck the last little bit out of my dick. Please?

I was so fuckin horney, I did as he asked. His full load tasted different. It was thicker than what I had licked off his dick to begin with. Different, but not necessarily bad.

MICHAEL: Damn Jack. That was great. Now I think that I better grab a quick shower.

He handed me the joint and the lighter and suggested that I take a few more tokes. He also reached into his desk and took out another joint and told me that this one was free. We would discuss how much more dope would cost me.

I thanked him and lighted up the joint. Michael grabbed a towel and his soap and ran out the door to the shower down the hall, closing the door behind him.

I had taken two more tokes when the door opened. Thinking that Michael had forgotten something, I looked up to see his roommate, Carl, walking in. There I was, sitting in my underwear, my pants still around my ankles and drying cum on my face, and Carl got a smile on his face.