 God the weather was wet, I was stuck in bloody Ilkley for the afternoon at least and it was half day closing, even the pubs were shut not that I was old enough yet to drink in them. I decided to get out of the rain the only shelter I knew of nearby was the toilet block on the river walk for want of a better spot I ran to it at least be able to sit down out of the weather. 

As far as toilets go it wasn't that bad it didn't stink and the floors were clean as were the toilet cubicles. One penny later and I was sitting in the cubicle reading the graffiti, some quite humorous and some of the drawings were quite good if a little over the top on physical attributes. It took me a couple of minutes to notice the hole in the wall dividing my cubicle from the one next door, I probably wouldn't have taken much notice if a movement had not caught my eye. At first I wondered what it was, a second look and I realised the guy in the next cubicle was jerking off. I tried to ignore it, but the more I tried the more I felt I had to look. I wasn't into guys back then even though I jerked off regularly, though in my younger years I had even rubbed a couple of other friends cocks as a dare. Finally unable to resist the temptation any longer I took a long look through the hole.

The guy was slowly stroking his cock and what an impressive specimen it was, his hand wrapped around the shaft barely covered half of it and the head looked like a big purple plum. I was so fascinated with what he was doing that I must have moved closer to the hole allowing the guy see me there. As I looked the guy stood up, turning towards the hole so that now I could see the slit in the end of his cock and the pre-cum leaking from it. Moments later I was confronted by the head of his cock coming through the hole having to pull back a little to stop getting it in my eye. So now I was sitting looking at another guys cock gently throbbing inches from my face, now I had a couple of options, either get up and leave which meant getting wet, slap it and tell him to fuck off or just ignore it and hope it just went away. As it was I chose non of those options, instead for some reason I took the cock in my fingers and gently stroked it, reveling in the feel of it. The cock had a heaviness to it and the texture felt so different to my own with a hidden heat and hardness. 

So there I sat slowly stroking another guys cock, for some reason I was enjoying the new experience. Suddenly the guy pulled his cock back and I could see through the hole that he was pulling up his trousers, the door suddenly covering the hole. For a moment I thought he was leaving me sitting there frustrated, however a quick tap on my door a moment later showed he wanted be let in to my cubicle.

I was left in a quandary as to whether I should let him in, to do so meant I was admitting I interested in another guys cock something up until that time had never entered my mind. However my own rock hard cock once again over rode normal common sense and I unlocked the door. Surprised to be confronted by a good looking young guy not much older than myself. 

I stood there with what possibly looked like a confused or stupid look on my face, to that point as I hadn't really thought through what was going to happen once I had allowed him to enter. Luckily he was more assured taking control from the moment he closed and locked the door, undoing and dropping his jeans to the floor. In the confined area of the cubicle his cock looked even more impressive as he brought it in contact with my own rock hard cock, as they touched I felt almost an electric shock that caused my cock to jump. We quickly introduced ourselves, as guys whose cocks were touching should never be strangers. Brian dropped a hand and stroked my cock whispering encouragement so that I reciprocated in stroking his.

Though straight I found nothing wrong at the contact with another guys cock I found Brian's fascinating the length and thickness so different from my own, once again seated on the toilet I got a closer look. From this point of view I could admire the shape of his glans the light veining of the shaft and the size and weight of his balls. I wasn't sure how I had gotten to the point of feeling his balls, it wasn't in a situation I had been in before. For his part Brian was moving closer so that the tip of his cock was now just brushing my lips so that it seemed the most natural thing to do, was for me to open my mouth, to allow it access. 

The taste and texture surprised me, there was a soapy taste as though he a just showered along with a salty chemical after taste. I couldn't place at the time but in hindsight it was probably the first drops of pre cum I had ever tasted. It was the size that I found the most difficulty with, it took but a little movement by Brian to find me gagging as it butted the back of my throat. 

After a couple of minutes of my poor attempts Brian asked if I would like to change positions, I willingly let his cock free of my mouth and stood moving so that he could sit in my place. Once there he reached out for my cock quickly guiding me into his warm welcoming mouth. Unlike my attempt Brian didn't stop at my glans but with his hands on my backside he encouraged me forward until the whole of my cock was in his mouth and down his throat. Looking down I could see his eyes had a glazed look in them that I would get to know in the eyes of future wife as she got really turned on. Brian's hands continued to encourage me to slowly move in his mouth, to the point I was fucking it the same way I'd fuck a woman's cunt in the future though his mouth was probably more enjoyable. 

It's amazing I had gone from being pissed off about the weather and being in Ilkley to being ecstatic about it in less than an hour, who would have though I could have so much pleasure with a guy. I slowly fucked Brian's mouth as he slipped a finger in my arse, instead of being turned off as I thought, the pressure and movement had the opposite effect. My cock thickened even more in his mouth as he slowly went even deeper with his finger, massaging something inside that seemed to drive me over the edge to the point I could hold out no longer and began pumping cum in bucket loads down his throat. When I seemed to be totally drained of all the cum I was going to produce for the next year Brian allowed me to slowly pull out, cleaning the last of my drops with his tongue. Brian sat there with a contented smile on his face that probably matched mine though he didn't ask I told him to switch places, intent on returning the favour.

I might not have had the ability but I felt I had to try. Once again Brian's cock approached my mouth, this time pre-cum was leaking from the end and I rubbed my lips over his glans spreading it evenly over it before opening my mouth to allow him to slip the head his cock inside unlike last time my hand was wrapped around his shaft allowing we to control the depth my other hand worked his balls. With more control I could experiment using my tongue on the glans as well as slight suction I was also careful to cover my teeth with my lips. From the sounds Brian was making I must have been doing something right. I worked on his cock as best I could, by controlling the depth myself I found out how to take more cock in my mouth. One of my hands was now slowly stroking his shaft as the other I played with his balls giving him more pleasure, combined I knew what the result was going to be I just didn't know how quickly it would arrive. 

I slowly continued to suck on his cock giving him pleasure, it seemed to be having a similar effect on me as well, my own drained cock once again starting to harden, the joys of youth. I sensed Brian was getting near the point of no return, getting ready to pull away as he came not wanting a mouthful of cum. However there was a sudden thickening of his cock and with balls and shaft jumping he started unloading spurt after spurt of his on cum in my mouth, causing me to cough and sputter as it hit the back of my throat. He continued pumping as I pulled away spattering my face and hair so I looked like a porn movie star as I gasped for breath. I sat there for a while before reaching for toilet paper to wipe off the excess cum just in case the rain didn't when I left the toilet block. It seems funny but after we had finished it felt like what had happened was so unreal to me, but Brian gave me a handshake and thanked me for an enjoyable afternoon and said if I was interested I should look out for him every half day closing then he dashed off into the rain I followed a couple of minutes later with a new perspective on my sex life.