 Even though he was late - the knock on the door startled me and jolted me out of my thoughts.

I'd been thinking (not for the first time) that having our meeting on Friday afternoons was not a wise idea. I'd had the hots for him since I first saw him - but my "Gaydar" isn't great at the best of times. Made worse by the fact that while I masturbate every weekday evening - I try not to cum later in the week and play with pee only - no orgasms. I love the way it makes me feel really horny by Saturday. I glanced at my suitcase in the corner and felt my cock swell as I thought of being with my three hot buddies for the weekend again.

By Fridays almost anything makes my cock hard - and he's really cute. He's got a gorgeous wide smile - I'd already surmised that (like me) he's not pure ethnic Chinese. He's very bright and enthusiastic - but also has an air of mischief and of being both knowing and innocent.

I said to come in - I was sitting in one of the low black leather armchairs in my study and tried to relax. He was holding his backpack - as usual dressed in just a tee shirt and light blue jeans, He gave me one of his brilliant smiles.

"Sorry I'm late professor."

I felt my cock stirring and checked that my suit jacket would conceal my inevitable erection. I smiled and tried to concentrate on only looking at his face. As often before - the thought crossed my mind of what it would be like to have his sexy mouth around my cock while his beautiful wide eyes looked up at me from under his long eyelashes. I smiled.

"No worries Qing ... have a seat ... how's your week been?"

As he turned to shut the door I couldn't resist quickly glancing at the tight pants over his firm round backside. I could feel my cock swelling. I guessed he'd run to get here - he was breathing hard and his nostrils were wide. I wondered if that was how he'd look making love - I tried to think of something else.

We discussed progress with the paper he's working on - as usual I tried to be professional but supportive. What I find most difficult is being totally natural towards Qing - not being over-friendly but also not being cold and unfriendly either - it's hardly his fault I happen to "have the hots" for him.

After half an hour or so I managed to concentrate more on his work and push my lustful thoughts about him to the back of my mind. Though it didn't help that I had quite a full bladder which always makes me feel horny.

Qing shifted in his seat looking uncomfortable - The temperature was fine for me in a suit - but I realized I'd left the thermostat set quite low. I prefer to dress formally - mostly because I'm one of the youngest university staff and not very tall plus I look young - so the suit makes me look less like a student.

"Sorry - bit chilly - turn down the air con" I said.

"It's really OK for me ... I'm fine" he replied.

I glanced at the goose bumps on his arms and smiled.

"You don't look very warm - it's next to the door"

He hesitated - seeming to be thinking of something else to say - then moved quickly. As he stood up I saw the distinct bulge in the front of his jeans - I felt my own erection twitch as I studiously tried to look elsewhere. I stole a furtive glance at him as he returned - no sign of an erection now. I guessed it had just been my fevered imagination before.

Qing still looked uncomfortable as he sat down. I saw he had a look of concentration and then his face start going red. It was only a small damp spot above his crotch but very obvious. I knew I should just ignore it - but I was looking right at it as he groaned and the wet patch in his jeans spread.

I felt my cock straining with excitement and tried to think of something to say. He looked really mortified and embarrassed - I wondered if I should offer him some spare pants from my case - but he's a bit taller than me so they'd probably not fit. I still hesitated as the awkward silence dragged on - I guessed he'd been in too much of a rush to go to the toilet. 

Then I noticed the clear outline of his shaft swelling in his tight jeans - this time there was no doubt. I realized that despite the humiliation he couldn't prevent what he'd just done making him horny. The temptation was too great - I flipped back the bottom of my suit jacket above my erection. I grinned at him.

"Good Idea - I need a toilet break to."

His eyes locked onto the tent in my suit trousers as I relaxed. I moaned as I felt my piss spurting out into my pants.

"But then I am very keen on Watersports."

I saw the bulge in his jeans grow more as his gaze flicked between my crotch and my face.

"So am I" he said thickly.

I felt the urge in my cock and bladder building again - as more pee squirted through the fabric covering my cock I said.

"I really love the feeling of hot pee on my balls ... do you find that enjoyable as well?"

He grinned at me and moaned as I saw a new shiny wet patch form higher up his jeans and dark streaks appear around the bulge of his balls between his legs.

"Oh Yea!" he moaned.

"Do you like piss play with other guys?" I asked - trying to sound casual.

He hesitated - then looked me in the eyes.

"I think I'd want to."

I stood up discarding my suit jacket and went over to lock the door. He stood up and we both rather awkwardly removed our shoes. I brushed my lips gently against his as I undid the fly of my trousers. I lowered his zip and reached inside for his warm wet shaft - realizing that (like me) he didn't have underpants on. I squeezed my cock in though the front of his tight jeans - rolling back his foreskin as I got his inside my own pants as well.

I felt the lovely ache in my groin as I lifted off his top. I began playing with his small hard nipples as he undid the buttons of my shirt. We kissed softly on the lips for a while as I felt the urge in my cock grow. Our tongues began eagerly exploring each other's mouths - I moaned in pleasure as I felt my piss spurting out of me into his pants.

As we kissed passionately Qing groaned in my mouth - his pee sprayed hot against my skin inside my trousers. I gasped in pleasure at the feeling of him soaking my balls and his piss trickling down the inside of my legs.

I undid the waist button of his jeans and reached round the back of him down his ass crack. I guided him to raise one of his legs on the chair arm as I used my finger to massage his warm wet hole. With the other hand I undid my trousers and let them drop to the floor. 

I stepped back out of my pants - it took him longer to remove his tight jeans. His beautiful slim naked body was just as I'd imagined him - his crotch was shaved smooth with his proud erection pointing almost straight up pulling his balls tight.

"You're Gorgeous!" I said.

I loved the hungry look in his eyes as he gazed at my body - staring at my groin - he grinned.

"Sexy Bush! ... How you keep him hidden?"

I've seen and played with plenty of cocks bigger than mine - but I know that compared to my body size it looks quite large. I smiled at him.

"With great difficulty when you're around!"

I used my hands to play with my own nipples and moved slightly closer towards him. I pushed and a jet of piss shot up from my cock - splashing his chest.

I said, "That shows he likes you!"

His hands spread my pee over his nipples.

"Neat Trick!"

I laughed as I took hold just below my cock head and started wanking myself. 

"It does help break the ice at parties!"

"Must be real hot parties!" he giggled.

He began wanking himself - I noticed he was pulling his foreskin back quite far and fast over his cute shiny pink cock head. I moved towards him and we started kissing again - I rolled back his foreskin and held our cocks together with both hands. I positioned our cocks so my pee slit was just under the tip of the head of his cock. He gave a muffled moan in my mouth as I let go a strong jet of piss. 

His pee squirted up between our bodies - still kissing we started fondling each other's wet balls. I loved the way I could feel his cock twitching with excitement as I stroked it and he played with mine. I moved back a bit and leaned forward to lick his nipple - tweaking the other one and wanking him at the same time.

I aimed my cock at his balls and sprayed them with piss - he moaned in pleasure as I knelt down in front of him. I guided him to rest one foot on the couch as I licked his tight wet sack. I loved the faint taste of pee as I started sucking him and reached beneath his body to slip one finger into his ass hole. After a while I looked up at him as I wanked his cock and fingered him.

"Give me a drink."

I closed my lips around his shaft and pushed two fingers into his ass - He groaned as I felt his piss spurt into my mouth. flicking my tongue under the head of his cock I tasted more of his pee - holding it in my mouth. I stood up and we kissed - his piss flowed from my mouth into his while we wanked each other's cocks.

He still had one foot on the couch as I moved round behind him. I put my cock at the top of his cute ass crack and let go a jet of pee up his back. Then I pushed my shaft down to squirt directly onto his hole and knelt down behind him. I licked the back of his piss wet balls as I reached under him to play with his cock. He moaned in pleasure as I began flicking his sexy ass ring with my tongue. I switched between licking him and pushing my tongue inside him - also blowing onto his hole. He giggled.

"Hey Professor - shouldn't I be the one licking your ass?"

"Good Idea," I said, "You can suck my penis while you're down there - lie down on the couch."

I climbed over him 69. As I got his lovely cock in my mouth again I let go a spurt of pee on his chest then felt his lips around my shaft. I could feel myself squirting more piss as we sucked each other and I tasted more of his juice. I moved down a bit and we licked each other's balls - then I felt his hot wet tongue eagerly working on my hole. We swapped between sucking and rimming each other both making sounds of animal pleasure.

"I've got condoms and lube in my case," I said.

I went over to my suitcase as he moved to kneel on all fours on the couch - his arm reaching back to finger his ass.

"Are you clear?" he asked.

"Yea - sure," I replied.

"I'm definitely OK - not easy to piss wearing a rubber?" he said.

I hesitated - but just got the tube of lube and my butt-plug from my case.

I went to stand by his head - resting my foot on the couch I put my cock in his mouth. As he eagerly sucked me I spread lube on the butt-plug and reached behind me. I groaned in pleasure as I pushed it into my ass and felt piss spurting out of me into his mouth. I moved back and knelt behind him - the sight of his lovely smooth ass cheeks made my cock twitch with desire. He glanced over at my suitcase.

"So what do you do weekends?" he asked.

As I pushed down my cock - spraying pee onto the back of his cute tight balls I said, "I guess the words 'Fucking' ...", I worked lube into his puckered hole, "Plus 'My Brains Out' spring to mind."

I began pressing my cock head against his ass ring - tweaking his nipple. With my other hand I pulled his foreskin forward - holding it closed between my thumb and finger. I began to push.

"talking of which!" 

As his ass relaxed I felt his foreskin swell - his piss sprayed out while my shaft slid deep into his warm body. He groaned - reaching between his legs to touch my balls.

"Ahh - feels so hot!" 

I leaned forward over him - rolling back his foreskin to gently rub his cock head with my lubed hand while I began slowly moving in and out.

"What do you do weekends?" I asked.

"not much ... your's sounds more fun!" he said.

I fucked him a bit quicker - switching to wanking him using his foreskin. It makes me horny talking during sex - especially while doing something more animal.

I asked, "Are you more Gay or Bi?"

"I guess I may be Bi ... You?" he panted.

By now I was pumping his ass fast - getting near to cumming and loving the feeling of rutting with him like a wild beast. His cock was still rock hard as I played with it - I panted.

"Reckon I'm Bi ... like sex with both at the same time ... want to see your face."

I pulled out of his body and he moved to sit on the couch - eagerly raising his legs. I knelt down in front of him and easily got my cock back inside him as he did a spurt of piss up his body. I thrusted slowly as I wanked his shaft while tweaking his nipple with my other hand.

I moved my body a bit lower so my cock head was pressed up inside him - I watched his face as I adjusted my position. He gasped and I began slowly moving up and down massaging his P spot inside him and gently stroking his throbbing cock.

His face was flushed and he was breathing heavily - I felt his ass ring tighten around my shaft and moved my hand away from his cock. I saw the dreamy look in his eyes as I tried to keep him just on the edge - rolling his foreskin back from his shiny swollen cock head.

He began whimpering and moaning in pleasure - I gave his shaft a gentle stroke as I pushed hard. I felt my piss begin jetting out inside him - he groaned and I felt his ass ring start rhythmically squeezing my cock. His first spurt of cum shot right over his head - his body jerked as more semen squirted up from him. I carried on peeing full stream inside him as I looked into his eyes while he orgasmed. He sighed.

"Wow - that was awesome!"

I stood up - reaching behind me as I pushed the butt-plug out of my ass. I grinned at him.

"I like being fucked while I'm fucking ... want to try this in your ass while you fuck me?"

He smiled and nodded - lifting his legs higher as I pushed the butt-plug into his ass - some of my piss leaking out from him as I did it. He lowered his legs and I knelt above his lap facing him. His cock was still hard as I lowered myself onto it - I moaned in pleasure as his shaft entered my body and I felt myself spraying pee up his body.

..

The knock on the door startled me and jolted me out of my daydream. I realized that I'd been rubbing my cock while I'd been fantasising about Qing and noticed the damp spot of pre-cum on my trousers. I hastily adjusted my suit jacket to hide my raging erection. 

"Come in Qing!" I said - not for the first time thinking that having our meeting on Friday afternoons wasn't very wise.