 The slight jerking motion of the boat, as it tugged up against its' mooring lines, awakened me. Wet gray light filtered through the thin nylon curtains which covered the two small portholes in the bow of the boat. It was one of those chilly wet winter mornings that are common along the coast.

The not quite double bed-sized bunk, across the front of the cabin, was a little cramped for the two of us, but it was a nice morning for snuggling so I pulled the covers up over my shoulders and snuggled closer to Walt.

Yesterday afternoon, on the spur of the moment, Walt and I decided to spend the night on our boat. We weren't planning on taking it out, but if the weather remained good we might just take a turn around the bay. The rain beating on the deck over head stifled that idea.

Walt stirred as I snuggled closer to his warm body. I turned onto my side and gave him a soft kiss on his bristly cheek then I laid back with my head next to his. We lay quietly for a few minutes until Walt turned onto his side. He kissed my cheek and our mouths met in a hungry kiss. I could feel his dick pressing against my thigh.

Without breaking our kiss, I pushed him back onto his back and rolled myself up on my side. His sensitive nipples leaped to hard little points as I rubbed my hand over his hairy chest. My hand slipped down across his stomach to his crotch. He spread his thighs slightly as my hand cupped his warm furry balls.

"Oh, gawd, Paulie, that feels good." I was gently rubbing his walnut sized nuts around in their furry sac.

My hand moved up and my fingers wrapped around his dick. It filled my hand. "Hmm, you must be glad to see me."

Walt laughed and pushed himself into a sitting position, "Oh, geez, Paulie, you know that's just a piss hard-on." He swung his leg over me. As he did so, his cock and ball sac dragged across my belly. He stood beside the bunk, "I've got to go pee."

"Hurry back." I admired his butt as he walked across the cabin to the passageway which led to the stern of our cabin cruiser. A glow of a lamp and the whine of a blower preceded the click of the door to the small head.

When he returned to the bunk, I stopped him before he could get in. "You look particularly handsome this morning." After lightly caressing his soft cock, I lifted the head to my lips. It tasted slightly metallic from his urine, but when you love a man you accept all of him - his moods, how he smells and how he tastes.

His soft cock slipped into my mouth and his balls rested against my chin. As I sucked him, his cock began to swell and grow and fill my mouth. I'll never get enough of that. It's almost my favorite part of sucking cock. Walt put his hand on my head, "Lay back, Paulie."

Walt got onto his knees on the bunk. He straddled my shoulders. His wet cock dangled inches above my face. I looked up at my man, "Feed me." Then I opened my mouth and extended my tongue. Walt held his cock. I closed my lips around his thick veiny cockshaft as he pushed his rapidly hardening mantool into my eager mouth.

He pulled back so I could lick, suck, nibble and swab his succulent cockhead. Walt groaned as I used the tip of my tongue to rub and tap the sensitive rim of his cockhead. After licking up and down the underbelly of Walt's cockshaft, he moved forward so I could take each of his balls into my mouth.

I kept my hand wrapped around Walt's hard dick as I sucked and bathed his nuts. He got harder and a little longer. When I finished with the nut bath, I pushed myself up in the bunk. "Fuck my mouth, Lover."

I guided his cock back into my mouth. Walt held my head as he began to move his hips. He pushed his hard-on deeper and deeper into my mouth. His cockhead entered my throat as I relaxed and accepted all of his manhood.

Walt kept up a steady face fuck - long slow strokes deep into my mouth and throat and then a slow pull back until the rim of his cockhead tugged at my lips. I kept the flat of my tongue pressed hard against the underbelly of his cock as he stroked in and out. When I could, I used the tip of my tongue to stimulate his cockhead.

His veiny hardness felt good as it slipped through my lips. Walt's balls would bump my chin when I completely swallowed his cock. Soon his strokes became faster and the face fuck rhythm became erratic and more urgent. I could also feel his cock becoming more rigid. I prepared myself for the best part about sucking cock.

Walt straightened up and pulled his cock back from my throat. He held my head as he gave my mouth a couple of small thrusts then he began to cum in steady spurts of thick warm man cream. I savored and tasted his cum before swallowing it.

I love the feel of Walt's cum flowing through his cock and pulsing into my mouth.

The spurting slowly subsided and I reluctantly released his cock. He grinned down at me as he wiped his cockhead across my lips, "Paulie, no one has ever sucked my cock like you do."

I milked his cock and squeezed a drop of cum onto the tip. After sucking his cockhead clean, I grinned up at him, "I'm glad. I love being your cocksucker."

He moved around so he was lying beside me. He wiped a drop of cum from the corner of my mouth, "You're the best." He wiped the cum drop across my lips then we shared another deep mouth probing kiss.

After resting for a few minutes, I pushed myself so I was leaning over him, "I can't get enough of you, Lover." My hand slid down to his crotch, "And you apparently can't get enough of me. You're ready to go again."

Walt laughed, "That's true. But let's see to you." His hand slipped down to my crotch. He gently fondled me, "You're wet. And ready. Lie back. I want you."

"I want you too. Let's 69 first."

He grinned, "O.K. Me on top?"

"Yes, you on top, so I can take you deep into my throat."

I scooted around in the bunk and Walt positioned himself on his hands and knees. When he covered me his ball sac was right above my mouth. I licked his nuts as he touched me. He turned his head to look at me, "Lie back and enjoy this, Paulie. Don't worry about pleasing me. I want you to enjoy every second as I eat you."

He gently touched me as he turned back to my crotch. I sighed to myself, ‘This is starting off to be a wonderful weekend.' I moaned out loud as Walt took my throbbing and painfully hard seven inch cock deep into his warm cocksucking mouth.