 It felt as if my heart was going to jump out of my chest. I had no idea how this escalated so quickly but I knew I couldn't turn back now. I was going to suck his dick. 

It was the summer after my first year of college when it happened. I had been back home for a month and was hanging out with my high school buddies talking about our freshman years. Majority of the stories involved hookups with college girls. College was full of horny college girls and I made sure to take advantage. 

We had one adult bookstore in town and it just so happened to be on my way home. After all of the stories about sex I was feeling horny so I thought I would stop and see what they had to offer. By the time I got there they were already closed but I noticed that there was a car in the parking lot. Disappointed that the store was closed I turned around and started to head to my favorite park a few miles away. 

I didn't notice the car that was parked at the store was following me until I got halfway to the park. I thought it was just coincidence that the car was behind me, probably just heading home. That wasn't the case. When I went to turn into the park he flashed his lights and followed me in. I was trapped as the park had only one entrance and exit. 

I didn't know what to do. I decided to park and see if he would keep going on his way. Instead, he parks right next to me. When I parked, I had turned off the car which I was regretting as I was too shaky to get the keys back in the ignition. 

All of a sudden I heard a knock on the window. Startled, I jumped back a little in my seat. I couldn't roll down my window as my car was off so I had to open the door to see what he wanted. When I did, I realized exactly why he was there. He already has his dick out of his pants and it is already hard.

I tried to tell him that it was a mistake and I wasn't gay but it didn't matter to him. He grabbed my hand and pulled it towards his dick. I tried to pull back but he was much stronger than I was. He said, "don't fight it and enjoy what I have for you." At this point I realized there was no escaping. 

I opened my hand and grabbed his dick. It was shocking how soft and spongey it felt. It actually felt good in my hand. It was probably 6 inches in length and I was able to wrap my hand around his shaft. I slowly started to stroke his shaft up and down. I could tell he was enjoying it as he moaned with each stroke. 

Eventually he wanted more than a handjob as he grabbed the back of my head and with enough force, pulled me out of my car and onto the ground. I tried to get up but he would only let me get to my knees, now eye level with his dick. My heart was pounding. There is no possible way that I would suck a dick, but I couldn't get away. The worse part was that I was rock hard and getting really horny. 

He starts rubbing his dick on my face. I could feel his precum on my lips and instinctively I licked it up. It actually tasted good. After teasing me he put the tip of his dick on my lips and left it there. I stuck out my tongue and licked the head getting some more precum. I had just licked a dick, there was no going back. I opened my mouth and he slowly put the head into my mouth. Even though it wasn't big it still filled my small mouth the further he pushed it in. He got about halfway in before I started to gag which he pulled out to let me catch my breath. 

He didn't give me long before he grabbed my head and put his dick back in my mouth with a little more force. This time he got nearly all of it in my mouth as my nose went into his pubic hair. The smell was really turning me on and I was actually enjoying letting him use my mouth for pleasure. 

I felt him get harder and knew that he was going to blow his load. I was enjoying it too much to care. I kept sucking but he pulled out and came on the ground. He zipped up and thanked me before heading back to his car. I was still on my knees trying to figure out what happened before I realized that he had pulled away. 

When I go home I will drive by the bookstore wondering if I will run into him again.