 "Hey sweetheart," A voice practically screamed a few feet behind him. Alex turned around, an angry retort on his lips when he saw who was tailing him. He swallowed what he was about to say and hurried towards the park gates. A young man, a couple of inches taller than Alex's 5"10 frame fell into step beside him and draped a well muscled arm possessively over Alex's shoulder. "We need to talk babe." 

"Actually Michael, we don't." Alex shrugged the arm of his shoulder and started walking a little faster. "In fact, last time I saw you I told you not to come near me ever again."

Michael smiled, his cheek dimpled and he looked perfectly gorgeous. There was a time, not so long ago, when Alex had lived to see that smile. Now it just pissed him off. "Come on Hun, it was just a little coke."

"Just a little coke!" Alex had to fight to keep his voice pitched low. The park was pretty empty but he didn't want to attract any unwanted attention. "It was laying all over my apartment you bastard. My niece could have swallowed some of that shit, she could have died! What in the hell were you thinking?"

Michael ran his hands threw his bleach blonde hair and assumed a look of pure innocence. "Look, you never told me you were babysitting the kid. If I had known I wouldn't have had that stuff lying around. Besides, you were supposed to be staying at your brother's place." 

"So what, I can't come back to my own apartment unless I ask you to clear out the drugs first? Jesus Mike, I didn't even know you took drugs."

He looked offended all of sudden, as though he thought it was OK that he shoved the shit up his nose but it was unfair of Alex to judge him for it. "It's harmless," he said eventually, smiling lazily. "It's just a little something I use to take off the edge. I did it long before we met and you never even noticed."

Alex stopped walking and rounded on his ex. He wanted the arsehole gone, why wasn't he getting that. "Look Michael, I haven't called the police on you but if you do not back the fuck away from me and promise not to show your sorry arse again I promise I'll go to the police and tell them that you're a user, and considering how much of that crap you have lying around I think they'll be able to reach their own conclusions as to whether or not you a dealer too." 

Suddenly the smile was gone. Michael caught his throat and pulled him back behind some trees. He pushed Alex hard into a thick truck and kept him pinned as he leaned in very close. Alex struggled to pull the other man off him but the truth was that he was a skinny punk with a big mouth and Michael visited the gym four times a week. "Listen here gorgeous, I've never hurt you, even though you've damn well pushed my buttons enough times to make me want to snap you in two but I swear to heaven and hell that if you even breathe my names to a cop I will seriously fuck you up."

"Get off!" Alex gasped, pushing uselessly at Michael's barrel like chest. "For God's sake, Mike I can't breathe!" He couldn't believe that the man attacking him was Michael, his Michael! He could feel tears welling up in his eyes, blurring his vision. He didn't want to cry in front of Michael, he hated the idea of showing him how frightened he was so he pushed forward and wonder of wonders the other man loosened his hold slightly and took a small step backwards. He was smiling again but not in way Alex had ever seen before.

Alex tried to pull the lose hold off his neck but Mike's hands tightened in warning. "I didn't want us to end like this Alex," he said sadly. "I really thought you and I had what it takes."

If he wasn't so scared Alex might have laughed in the bigger mans face but he had enough sense to know when not to poke the bear. He averted his gaze and let his hands drop by his side. He just wanted things between him and Michael to be over. When he left Alex was going to apply for a new phone number and change the lock on his doors and windows. If he saw Michael in the streets, well he'd deal with that when the time came.

"Alex, are you going to go the police?" Michael asked. He sounded confident but Alex could detect the slight tremor in his voice. 

"Not if you let go of me Mike." He met the other mans gaze and felt a flare of anger fly threw him. "You made your point, your bigger and stronger than I am, I get it. Colour me officially intimidated."

"You got a big mouth you know that." Michael released his hold completely and stepped back. "It's going to get you in trouble one day."

Alex slid around the tree trunk, eyeing the other man warily. "Yeah, well luckily for you it's not your problem anymore." He turned his back, even though his every instinct screamed against it. When he was around a corner and out of sight he broke into a run.

________________________________________________________________________

Alex's brother, although a good and caring man and father, was something of a bruiser. He watched a lot of football, swore at the screen almost continuously and consumed copious amounts of red meat and beer. He owned a small manufacturing company that allowed him, his wife and their two kids to live a moderately rich life style. He was a good guy, even if the whole gay thing did make him humorously uncomfortable most of the time. Alex always loaded on the butch when he was talking with his big brother, if only to make him a little more at ease. 

When a strange man in a Villa football shirt opened Rob's door, his face adverted as he yelled muffled obscenities, Alex was understandably a little surprised. "Uh, is Rob in?" He asked the other man who turned around to look at him a watsit hanging out the side of his mouth. In fact, his entire mouth seemed packed tight with them.

"Ugh?" the other guy grunted.

"Lovely," Alex muttered as he wiped watsit spittle off his jacket. "Can I get through? I'm looking for my brother."

Watsit boy finally swallowed. "Sorry man, you caught me mid munch. Your Rob's brother huh?"

"Yeah, excuse me." He was trying to push past the other man but he didn't seem interested in letting him pass.

"You the gay one?" he asked. Alex looked up, expecting to see the familiar hostility that question usually warranted. He was surprised when he just saw curiosity.

"Yep, that's me. The gay one. If you want you can call me that instead of my name. It's Alex by the way."

Watsit blinked a few times. It looked like he was having trouble keeping up with so much sudden information. "Right, I'll probably just call you Alex if you don't mind."

"What ever floats your boat mate?" Alex looked at him expectantly but watsit was just smiling. "Can I get past then?"

"Sure," he moved aside, his grin widening exponentially. "Incase you care, my name's Richard."

"Good to know." He muttered. He knew he was being rude but he was having a bad day and didn't want to deal with cocky shits who were to dumb to know when they were being stupid. "Bro," Alex bellowed when he caught sight of Rob who was currently wedged between two other guys, one black, tall and skinny and the other a balding white man with a beer belly that would likely be remembered throughout the ages. 

Rob looked up, a welcoming smile on his face before he seemingly remembered who he had as guests. "Dude, we supposed to be meeting today?"

For some reason every English male in the country seemed to be referring to one another as 'dude' Alex blamed American TV for the downfall of the British tongue. "Nah, I was headed this way and I thought I'd drop by and say hi." He had no intention of mentioning Michael. Knowing Rob he would take it upon him self to pay Michael a visit and would probably end up coming home in a cast of some sort. He just wanted someone to hang with but if Rob was going to go all homophobe on him... "If you're busy I can always come back later. I'd hate to interrupt-" he stopped and stared at the TV for a second. "Hey, your team just scored a goal."

Because all three men had been staring at Alex, the amazing wondergay, they had missed the goal. Their heads swerved as one as they all began yelling at the top of their lungs. Alex fell back a step in surprise and bumped up against a hard surface. He turned his head and looked up into Watsit smiling face. "You want to get a little closer?" He snapped. "Jesus man, personal space much!" 

Watsit shrugged slightly and fell back, a little. "What can I say, I saw an opportunity and I took it."

Alex wasn't going to try and sugar coat it. He gaped. "I beg your pardon?" he sputtered. He looked at his brother but he and his two buddies were glued to the TV and nothing short of a crow bar would make them look away again. He looked back at Watsit. 

Still smiling watsit boy reached out and cupped Alex's ass and squeezed hard. Alex wasn't a particularly violent person but that was just a little to forward in his opinion. He slapped the taller man across the face, cringed when he realized he had in fact just bitched slapped someone, and stomped out of the house.

"Later bro!" he heard Rob yell out, having obviously not witnessed what just happened. 

Great, he thought, fine, perfect wonderful. A perfect end to an otherwise shitty day.

"Alex, wait up." Watsit caught up to him, rubbing his cheek slightly. "Why did you hit me?"

Alex snorted loudly. "Why the hell do you think? By the way, dose my brother know you're batting for the other side?" 

"What the hell do you think?" he asked, chuckling. "Honestly, he never asked so I never told him. Way I see it it's not anyone else's business anyway."

"How very Zen of you. Well bye."

"Can I give you a lift home?" he asked. Either he wasn't very bright or he was as persistent as hell.

"Look, I've got a boyfriend."

"Really, Rob said you guys had broken up"

"We're back together."

"You know what Alex, you're a crap liar."

"Fine." Alex stopped walking and rounded on the taller man. He jabbed his finger in the guy's chest, forcing him to step back. "Let me be honest. I'm not interested, not even a little and if you touch me again I'll find a way to lay you out. I may not be able to do it my self but I'm sure Rob would be interested to know that one of his football buddies is hitting on his little brother."

"Bad day?" Watsit asked. He was still smiling and although there was a definite lack of dimple Alex had to grudgingly admit that he was kind of good looking.

"You've no idea." He eventually mumbled as he walked back towards his oh so empty flat.  

________________________________________________________________________

Alex had always been a light sleeper so when he heard his door handle being pulled he was instantly awake. He sat up in bed, his heart thumping painfully in his chest as he waited; trying to make him self believe that he was hearing things. And then he heard it again, quite distinctive, followed by a muttered curse he instantly recognized. He got out of bed and pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt as he moved cautiously towards the door way. 

"Michael." He called out quietly, determined not to wake the neighbors and give them more to gossip about. "For Christ's sake piss off!"

"You little fucking bastard!" the other man screamed. "You can't kick me out of your life! I'm better than you, you're nothing, you hear me, you're fucking nothing! I own you! Let me in!" Alex fell back, horrified as he watched Michaels boot repeatedly smash into the glass section of his door. He grabbed the phone and dialed the police, trying to tune outs Michael's threats and insults. A lady picked up on the other end asking him what was wrong. He explained that his ex-boyfriend was trying to break into his apartment, that he was dangerous and that he took drugs. The lady told him to remain calm; she said the police were on their way. That's when then door finally caved in. Alex stood there, his hand latched onto the phone as a muscled arm passed through the hole in his door and began fumbling with his bolt and lock. Move you idiot, his mind screeched at him, don't let him come in!

Alex moved cautiously towards the door. He rallied his courage and raised the phone up high before he brought it down hard on Michaels arm. He heard the other man yell out so Alex hit him again, repeating the motion until the phone was in bits in his hands. Then he drew back his leg and stamped on Michaels wrist. That just about did it. The other man howled in agony and withdrew his bloodied arm. Alex stepped back from the door, waiting for the next onset and silently promised him self he was going buy one of those American base ball bats the next chance he got.  

He heard a loud bang a little later. Two figures were stood in his door way and then a young woman crouched down and peered through the hole in the door. She had a police hat on and showed him her badge before calmly asking him if she could come in. Alex laughed, probably from relief, before he cautiously let them inside. he could see his elderly neighbor from across the hall. She was looking at Alex and shaking her head. Another time he might have said something but he was too shook up to care that she was a closed minded old bag. He opened the door and ushered them inside. A tall black man was standing beside her. He looked a little embarrassed before Alex blatantly realized he was still only dressed in his shorts and t-shirt. "I'm just going to change." He said quickly. He hopped into his room and pulled on some old jeans and a jumper. When he came back out the police officer were looking at his ruined door.

"Do you have any idea who might have done this sir?" the man asked, his eyes sweeping curiously over Alex's head. 

"Uh, well I never saw his face but it was my ex. He was yelling at me, especially when I hit him with the phone." Both of the officers looked where he was pointing. The phones in question now consisted of a small heap of plastic and wiring. 

The faintest of smiles turned up the woman's lips. "You gave the operator quite a shock you know. She thought you were being murdered."

"Right, sorry. I guess I panicked."

"So you never saw his face?" The guy continued smoothly. "But you heard him and it sounded like your ex- partner?"

Alex shrugged. "I'm positive it was him. I could see his outline through the door. It was definitely Michael."

"You have anyone you can stay with tonight?" the guy asked him. Alex wondered who he should call. He didn't have many friends of his own. Michael had been overly controlling and hadn't liked him going out alone. He sighed tiredly and dug out his mobile. He was going to have to phone his brother.

"Ugh!" was the articulate response he got on the other side of the phone. He decided to cut the guy some slack; it was three in the morning. "Hey bro, what's shaking?"

"Alex?" The voice sounded suddenly very awake. "Dude, what's wrong?"

"I, well it's kind of embarrassing. Michaels been hassling me a bit lately and tonight he tried to break in. he's kind of destroyed my door. Do you think you could come over? I don't want to leave all my stuff here with the door wide open."

"I'll be there in ten." The voice said on the other side of the phone before the line went dead. 

Alex sat in the front room with the two police officers. He made them both a cup of tea and they chatted with him, trying to be friendly he supposed. When his brother finally arrived they both stood up to greet him.

"Jesus!" Rob grunted as he stepped into the room. He looked Alex up and down and then looked at the officers. "You OK Alex?"

"I'll survive. I can't say the same for the door though." Rob looked at him thoughtfully for a moment and then shook his head. He never really understood Alex's odd sense of humor. "So you happy to stay awake all night whilst I take a nap?"

Rob snorted loudly. He spoke with the officers for a while and Alex answered a few more questions, he was asked to give a statement and was told that the police would keep in touch. When they had finally gone the two brothers looked at one another.

"I never did like that fag." Rob said abruptly.

"You do know I'm a fag too right?" Alex asked, smiling brightly. "Also, words hurt bro."

"Shut up."

"Hey! I'm going through some drama here. Cut me a little slack." Alex sat down on his sofa and considered his door. "You know any good carpenters?"

Rob sat down next to him. "Man I am going to kill that guy."

Alex smiled at him. "No offense Bro, but I think he'd kick your butt. Best to leave him alone. He'll find some other sap soon enough."

"I think you should come stay with me and the family for a few weeks Alex." Rob said, suddenly all seriousness."We'll get the door fixed tomorrow and then you're gone."

"You know what Rob, thanks for the offer but I think I'm going to have to say no. You know I like my space."

Rob stood up and tousled Alex's head liked he used to do when they were kids. "Le me put this another way little brother, you either stay with us or I stay here with you, in your one bedroom flat and you know the kids are going to miss me, and the wife. You think this place would survive the O'Conner clan?"

"Your house it is." Alex said with false levity.  

"I knew you were smarter than you look."

****************************

Alex was not a happy man. He was accosted throughout the day by his two year old nephew, who liked to cry, a lot. Linda, Alex's oh so wonderful sister in law seemed to think the whole thing was adorable. Well he wondered if she'd still think it was wonderful if he used the kid as a shot-put. Little Mathew chose that moment to wonder into his room. He jabbered on in his little language that was almost English but not quite. Then he climbed up onto Alex's chair and leaned into his chest. He spotted the silver necklace around his unless neck and claimed it with surprising gentleness. Alex watched him play with the necklace and had to admit it that it was a little cute. The little one spoke softly to him self throughout, his large blue eyes seemingly amazed by the flash of silver.

Maybe Alex wouldn't use the kid as a shot-put after all.

"Alex," Linda stuck her head into his room and smiled brightly."You have a visitor."

"Me?" 

She smiled and shrugged. A second late Watsit boy stuck his head through the doorway. He grinned, minus the crisps this time, and swaggered into Alex's room like he owned the place.

"Hey squirt." He said brightly.

"His name's Mathew." Alex said stiffly.

"I was talking to him."

"Funny." Alex said, he put Mattie down and stepped around his unwanted guest. "You should be careful. You hang out with me and you're going to get a reputation."

Watsit took two long steps into the room, wrapped his arm around Alex's waist and crushed their bodies together. "I've already got a reputation Alex."

He could feel the older mans hard-on straining against his thigh. He grabbed Alex's arse again, squeezing it hard as he swooped down for a kiss. Alex didn't move. His mind had retreated in on its self in shock. He'd been to some notorious night clubs in his time and had been groped by some serious hardcore guys but that was when he was still a teenager. He was a man now and he avoided those clubs like the plague. He did not enjoy being groped by strangers. If watsit noticed his unease he either didn't care or got off on it somehow. He took his time before he finally pulled back. He grinned again, his light grey eyes sparkling brightly.

"You finished?" Alex asked his voice only a little breathless.

Alex gasped as two firm hands grabbed his arse cheeks and raised him on his tiptoes. "Not even close." The other man whispered before he forced his tongue down Alex throat. 

"Fuck!" Alex gasped when he drew away the next time.

"You don't need to ask me twice, sweetheart." With one final squeeze watsit, no his name is Richard, Alex suddenly remembered, with one final squeeze Richard moved back and gave him some room.
