 When you spend as much time on the road as I do you learn to appreciate the simple things in life. Things like a good cup of coffee for sure, but more importantly a clean rest room. But as with most things in life they're no where to be found when you need them most. My balls were aching and I was almost driving cross legged as I pulled off the highway onto the gravel driveway. A few hundred yards down the road ended in front of a tavern called GG's. I slammed on the brakes and shoved the car into park. Jerking to such a sudden halt that my insides shook and the urgency became even more apparent as I almost let loose right then and there.

My teeth chattering and shivering from the inside out I briskly entered the establishment. My eyes searched frantically for a door or a sign to indicate the Men's room. Unable to locate anything closely resembling a relief station I made my way, with tight short steps towards the bar. Forcing the best smile I could I asked the barkeep quietly where I might find the men's room.

Sensing the urgency in my gait and tone of voice he smiled and said, "It's just at the end of the hall and down the stairs,"... "hurry," he added with a grin, pointing towards the hallway.

I quickly walked down the hall and gingerly took the few steps down to the door of the Men's Room. Before I had the door open, my pants were open and I was ready to go! 

I no sooner got my pants down and my cock let loose as I went to take a seat. I splashed the water and let forth a powerful stream of piss that must've lasted a good 1-2 minutes. The relief felt so good I felt as though I'd had an orgasm. I let out a loud sigh of relief, ahhhh, and sat back to relax for a moment. Looking around I read some of the usual dirt written on the cubicle walls but I also noticed several holes of various sizes on either side wall of the cubicle. Some were fairly large and a few were just about twice the size of a 1 dollar coin.

"For a good suck stick it in here"

"The BEST blow job ever >>> "

"SUCK THIS!"

Where just a few of the things written by some of the horny authors who've been here before me...hahaha. I laughed as I thought of all the horny guys that must've been here doing who knows what but they took the time to write on the walls. Funny and horny shit for everyone else to enjoy. 

I reached out my hand and poked my finger through one of the holes and wriggled it back and forth. My cock twitched and moved as it dangled into the toilet between my legs.

Since I was obviously alone and the place was pretty dead upstairs, I took the liberty of staying a while longer and relieving myself in another way as it appears that so many before me had done. And since my cock was already getting hard and touching porcelain I figured what the hell. I stood up and grabbed my cock stroking and pulling on it hard before shoving through the hole my finger had been in. I clutched my balls and squeezed them hard, yanking and pulling on my nuts just how I like it. My cock slide nicely and fit snuggly inside the smoothly worn hole.

My cock quickly grew and stiffened until I could feel the circumference of the hole squeezing my rigid prick like a cockring. Squeezing my balls I reached back and shoved two fingers into my horny asshole while I fucked the hole. My cock throbbed and the tip of my head pounded and pulsated fully engorged with blood, I was unable to hold back and started to moan out loud.

At that very moment the door opened and I heard someone enter. I froze, standing perfectly still hoping they'd use the urinal and leave.

But to my shock and embarrassment the person opened the door to the other stall which I also occupied. Unable to pull back with out performing the total removal of my cock I had no choice but to stand there exactly how I was. I listened to the sound of a buckle and zipper being undone, followed by the rustle of clothes as they fell to the floor.

The next thing I felt and heard was incredible! My cock was suddenly enveloped by warmth and softness accompanied by loud pleasurable slurps as my neighbour proceed to lick and suck my cock.

The loud and feverish manner with which my cock was being devoured confirmed the serious intent with which the deed was being carried out. The mystery of who was sucking my cock fed my imagination and had me hard a fence post. I could feel each and every drop of blood as it coursed through the swollen veins of my throbbing cock shaft as the strangers tongue rippled over top.

Without warning my throbbed uncontrollably and my balls pulled tight as my hot load expanded and raced out through the hole in the wall and into the warm mouth on the other side. The mouth and lips tightened their hold and the sucking became harder than ever on my throbbing knob. Sucking and coaxing every last drop out of me, with flicks of the tongue and gentle nibbles to the underside of my cock head, I was being drained dry.

As my spent cock went down enough so I could pull out I could hardly wait to see who had been so good to my road weary cock. Before I had gathered my thoughts enough and managed to put my pants on though I heard the door open and the stranger had vanished quickly and mysteriously.

I washed my hands and checked my clothes before making my way back up the stairs to the bar area.

I walked past the bar and thanked the barkeep for the use of the facility.

He smiled and said, "Anytime, and hey cum again OK?"

I looked at him and as I did he licked his lips. I knew right then and there that my road map would have another mark on it and that I'd be passing by this way again real soon!!

On my way out the door I glanced at a menu posted between the doors "GG's" was short for Glorious George's....I wonder if George was the barkeep and if the glorious part of the name was for the holes? Hmmmmmm? I will have to make a point of it, to cum back and find out! Count on it!