 ‘Get out my car NOW!’ My girlfriend screamed while slamming the brakes ‘What we’re on the motorway in the middle of nowhere you have to be joking’ I protested ‘I don’t care we’re finished, get out’

I don’t remember when the argument started or what it was about but I knew that she was serious and there was no way of convincing her. I was now left with according to the signs a 20 mile walk to the nearest service station. I wasn’t as fit as I used to be and with the pouring rain I couldn’t make it to the service station. Normally I would never hitch-hike but I was left with no choice so I held my hand out and began walking down the road, cars flying past me. My hopes weren’t high of being picked up, however I kept my arm raised and after an hour of misery a car slowed down, I looked towards the battered blue ford van, If it wasn’t for the difficult situation there would be no way I would ride in that but I was left with no choice. I walked towards the van and looked inside and saw three young guys, probably about 18 or 19. I got inside and was greeted with the familiar smell of cannabis. 

Hey, where you headed? London, but any service station will be fine We’re going to London but have been driving all day so will be stopping soon so If you don’t mind sleeping in the van, we’ll take you all the way.

They seemed ok; I found out they were called Jim, Chris and Joe. I was much better built than any of them so I couldn’t see anything happening. I sat down and we talked about my girlfriend, music, football, that the rain finally stopped until we decided to stop. We sat drinking Jack Daniels, beer and smoking a fat joint. Everybody seemed to be feeling the buzz from the alcohol and weed and were talking about nothing in particular when Jim said; ‘Do you have any money for the petrol?’ I replied ‘No I wasn’t expecting to need any’ They laughed and said ‘Well you can still pay for it’ ‘What do you mean?’

My question was answered when he unzipped his fly. I was sort of expecting this when they mentioned earlier they were all virgins and constantly horny but I guess curiosity or fear prevented me from asking them to stop at the service station we had past. I could have easily given him a beating for even trying to get me to do this but I had wanted to try sucking a cock for years but was too nervous to go out and do it. I could see he was scared of me but his dick was doing the thinking now. I said ‘Well I never leave a debt unpaid’. He smiled and pulled his already hard cock out of his pants, he was about average length, the perfect size to start with. I leant over the seat and took his head into my mouth; it was strange because it felt so good having that hard spongy meat in my mouth. I had a good idea of how to give a blowjob from porno movies and what I like done to me. I stroked the base while sucking more and more of his cock, I knew that if this was his first time he wouldn’t last long so I attempted to get it all in my mouth and after gagging a few times I managed it. Now used to the feeling I began moving from base to head and heard him groaning, I could tell he was close to climax, I sucked harder on the head and he shot a huge load into my mouth which I decided to swallow and it tasted pretty good, it felt great to know I had made someone feel so good. I looked back and saw the two of them in the back both stroking their cocks in unison, I smiled at them and knew they wanted a blowjob as well and I knew after one cock I would be a fool not to suck another. ‘Hey Chris, do you want to sit up front with me?’

Chris and Jim swapped places; Chris hadn’t even put his cock back in his trousers. I was again leaning over the seat sucking a cock, this time immediately sucking his thinner 7 inch cock to its base; it really is amazing how quickly you can learn. I moved my head up and down on his manhood but he wanted to do all the work himself, he fucked my mouth relentlessly as if it was the pussy he had been fantasying about through his teens. Usually virgins don’t last to long when they are fucking pussy so I guessed that my mouth wouldn’t be any different, as much as I was enjoying the feeling of a cock in my mouth I wanted to hear the groans of a satisfied man and feel him shooting down my throat. I had been letting him thrust in and out of my mouth but I wanted his cum now so I sucked him hard which must have shocked him as he was too carried away with his lunges into my mouth. The added stimulation caused him to shake and blow his load quickly which I drank as if I was dehydrated.

After thanking me he immediately opened the door and got out, quickly being replaced by Joe. Joe had removed his jeans and was ready to be blown. I couldn’t think of anything to say so I just smiled at him. He had completely shaved all of his pubic hair and had a 6 inch cock much thicker than his friends. I now felt a void in my mouth which needed to be filled by him. I dropped down to his lap and repeated my actions on his cock having some difficultly at first because of how thick he was, the only difference being he didn’t just sit there moaning he unzipped my fly and played with my cock, I hadn’t realised how turned on I was throughout the whole thing, he stroked my cock gently, I couldn’t remembered a hand job that felt this good. I guess when you are excited you perform better as he practically screamed ‘I’m cumming’ he exploded and fired 6-7 ropes of thick cum straight down my throat. The three of them said ‘Hey, thanks man you were great!’ I was handed a beer which helped clear my throat. I looked and saw Chris and Jim both rock hard again. We joined them in the back and all removed our clothes. My cock was throbbing and without warning Joe sucked on the head of my cock and I immediately came into his mouth.

Another joint was lit and passed round when Chris blurted out ‘Can we fuck you? We have some lube’ I thought about it because a blowjob is one thing but getting fucked might be going too far when my dick answered for me ‘as long as I fuck one of you’. They looked shocked that one of them was getting fucked in the ass but if I am taking 3 pricks in me then I think my request was more than reasonable. They all agreed and asked who I wanted to fuck; I thought I would decide after I had been fucked. To be fair I had been waiting for an ass fucking for years.

Chris pulled the lube out from the bag that had the beer in it and began to pour it onto his shaft and rub it all over. I got on all fours and felt the cold liquid been poured onto my asshole and slimy fingers poking at it, I relaxed my muscles and felt a finger pop into my ass and move slowly until it was all the way in. All I heard were gasps and ‘Oh shit, he’s real tight’ I was getting used to the feeling when more lube was poured on and another finger was worked inside me. ‘I’m ready but be careful your much bigger than two fingers’ The fingers that got me ready were removed and his cock was prodding at my entrance. He slowly pushed his dick in and with some difficulty his head was now lodged in my ass. The feeling was a shock which had me frozen for a second however it didn’t hurt that much, probably because of all the lube they used. He kept pushing slowly until he was all the way in. He paused for a while letting me get used to the feeling.

‘Hey you took it all no problem, well done’ Jim said clearly impressed ‘Fuck him hard, fuck him like a bitch’ Joe instructed Chris

He withdrew his cock till only the tip was still in me, the feeling of emptiness was an unusual one, I could have stayed joined to him for hours. He slammed back in and the fullness was back and felt great. He now started to fuck me hard and fast which actually made us move across the floor of the van. ‘Can something be done to stop me moving its hurting my knees’ I was expecting to be allowed to hold onto the wall but Jim had a better idea and got on his knees in front of me offering me his cock. I swallowed it all sucking gently. Chris seeing this sped up and began cumming deep inside me. Jim pulled out of my mouth and moved behind me. Not wasting any time he pushed all 7 inches inside me. I groaned and for the first time noticed the precum flowing from my cock. He was getting used to the feeling on my muscles gripping his cock when he said ‘I want to try a different position’ he pulled his cock out of me and told his friends to make a pile of all the clothes, I was so desperate to get him back inside me I helped make the pile, I got the idea of what he wanted and lay on my back with my ass propped up by the clothes. I couldn’t take it any longer and practically shouted ‘put it back in me’. They all laughed while Jim got between my legs and shoved his cock back in my ass. Like Chris, Jim fucked me hard and fast. I was in heaven. I never realised sex with men could be so good. The other guys just stared at us. We were moving together maintaining a quick pace and with the encouragement from his friends Jim was close to climax and with a few thrusts came deeply inside me, Jim and Joe cheering, Chris pulled out his cock leaving two loads inside me. 

Joe wanted me back on my knees and gently eased his thick rod into me which did hurt a little but I was glad the other two went first. He kept a slow pace and it felt wonderful been so full up. He started moving a little quicker but keeping the rhythmic deep thrusts of before. He was bent over my back and I could hear him breathing heavily in my ear when he whispered ‘Please choose me, I really want it.’, Chris and Jim didn’t heard and although I didn’t really care who I did I thought if he wanted it so badly he would get it. Joe exclaimed ‘I’m nearly there, turn him round’ as Joe pulled out Chris grabbed me by the head and turned me round and Joe shot load after load coating my face with hot sticky cum.

Not even bothering to clean up I grabbed the lube and covered my dick with it and told Joe he was the lucky one, he got on all fours and spread his ass cheeks, I repeated what they had done to get me ready and once satisfied put my cockhead at his rosebud and pushed gently he also relaxed his muscles and even pushed back, in no time I was all the way in and just enjoyed the tightness. Jim and Chris looked absolutely fascinated as their friend was deflowered. Jim asked ‘Joe what is it like?’ it was a silly question really because the stupid grin on his face but he replied ‘its fucking incredible’. After been fucked senseless by three guys there was no way I could last much longer and decided to just go for it and banged him hard and fast until the point of no return and told the guys to ‘turn him round’ and with explosive shots masked his face in cum just as he did to me, I was shocked with the volume of the load and left him in an impressive mess. We all were all pretty tired and after cleaning up fell asleep. I woke in the back of the now moving van with Chris and Jim up front. Joe whispered to me ‘Thanks I really needed that’ I replied ‘me too I don’t suppose when were are in London another debt will have built up’