 Jason's gaydar was on full alert. There was something going on and he wanted a part of it. Usually the guys that he played ruby with were as straight as could be. Sure there was all the towel snapping stuff, and sometimes pats on butts and stuff, but today was different.

It was as if all these young stallions, most just into their twenties, were high on an excess of energy. It started on the team bus when the guys started singing rude songs and flashing their dicks. Although Jason had seen all their cocks before there was something exciting about seeing a cock like this, just poking out of someone's fly, or sticking out the side of their shorts.

And then at lunch the guys were acting real crazy. It was just as well they were due to have a practice session later and no alcohol was available, otherwise they might have gone completely crazy. As it was someone started a food fight and when Jason saw Mark stuff a cream donut down Ethan's shorts and spread it around good he just about creamed his own shorts. What the hell was with the guys today, and how was he going to cope with the showers?

It started to rain halfway through the practice session. The guys were soon totally covered in mud. Jason just about drooled at the sight of all those juicy cocks and firm, tight butts on display. It was as if their toned buff bodies were coming right through the wet, clinging cloth! If there was one thing that turned him on it was the sight of a fit, fresh guy all covered in mud. He was only aware that he had sprung a hard on when Tom grabbed hold of it.

'Hey fellas, look at this.' Tom yelled.

Greg was the first one to come over. With one quick movement he had Jason's shorts and jockstrap down around his knees. Jason tried to cover his massive hard on with his hands but Barry just pulled them away. The guys all pounced on him and pushed his down into the mud. They rolled him around until he was totally covered and the feel of that slithery mud on his cock and balls just made Jason's prick even stiffer, if that was possible.

Tom pushed Jason onto his back and straddled his chest. He whipped out his short, fat cock and held it an inch from Jason's mouth. It was so close Jason could smell that man sausage and he wanted it real bad. He gulped, unsure what to do. He didn't want them calling him names but he wanted that cock real bad.

Fortunately Tom brushed his cock head against Jason's lips. A soft gasp was heard and then there was silence. Jason's lips parted of their own accord and that fat juicy cock fell into his mouth. He nursed on it greedily, stroking his own raging cock at the same time. Oh, what sheer bliss this was. Soon another hard cock was rubbing over his forehead, across his eyelids and over the bridge of his nose.

Jason reached for the eight inch sword and expertly stroked it as he continued to feed on the short pork sword in his mouth. He could feel an inexperienced hand stroking his thighs and then dipping into his asscrack. A rough finger penetrated his ass and if he didn't have a mouth full he would have screamed. The finger sawed into his ass like a blunt blade through wood. Jason squeezed tight, trying to eject the finger and then it just felt so much better. He relaxed and soon the mud smeared finger was giving him as much pleasure as the two cocks he was working on.

'Hey. I want a turn.' he heard Greg say.

Tom pulled out of Jason's mouth and Greg stripped off his wet, muddy shorts. His pale, fleshy cock was almost parallel to his stomach, it was that hard. Jason waited expectantly for a taste of that beautiful dick with it's shiny red knob. He looked around and saw the rest of the guys get naked and start to stroke off. The mist had come down now, and even if anyone had been about it is unlikely that they would have seen what the horny rugger buggers were up to.

Instead of feeding Jason his cock Greg crouched over his team mate and lowered his pale smooth rump onto his face. The heat and sweat stench of Greg's crack overwhelmed Jason and his spunk blasted out of his cock as he sniffed, snuffled and tasted his first manchute. He groaned out loud as he greedily lapped at the buff captain's sweaty crack. Greg 's cock danced in his palm as he furiously whacked off. This was far better than any fuck he had ever had.

Jason stroked Greg's mud splattered thighs as he continued his feeding frenzy. Andy and Tom were locked in a sixty nine session on the grass while Barry and Ethan fingered each other's virgin holes. Julian was on his knees getting cock whipped by Peter. The sight of his team getting off on hot man sex, coupled with the tongue darting in and out of his ass turned Greg into a lust crazed slut.

He got off Jason and lying on his back, spread his big, strong thighs apart. Holding his legs apart he begged Jason to give him one in the ass. His spit slicked pucker hole glistened invitingly. Jason's cock had already recovered from its splooge off, and he quickly sank his shaft in the captain's ass before he had a chance to change his mind.

'Fucking hell!' Greg screamed as his virgin ass was split in two.

Jason knew the captain could change his mind any second now. So he pistoned away in that hot ass and in less than two minutes he creamed off for a second time.

'Damn. I didn't know it hurt so bad.' Greg complained as Jason withdrew.

'Sorry Greg,' Jason said, 'you can fuck my ass if you like.'

Greg's enthusiasm returned as Jason slowly impaled himself on his hard dick. Ethan started tugging on Jason's nipples while Barry shot a wad across his chest. Moments later Joe spunked up against the side of Jason's face. Before Jason had time to wipe it away he felt a tongue start to lap it up. This was so fucking crazy and it was driving Jason over the edge.

He knew if would never be like this again; it was as if their testosterone had taken control of their bodies. As he rode that juicy cock that so pleasured his ass he looked around at his team mates. To a man they had surrendered to hot homosex, stroking fucking and sucking each other to climax. For the third time Jason grabbed hold of his cock and started to work it. His ass was on fire, stretched to the max and alive with pleasure.

He looked down at Greg's handsome face. The captain's eyelids were screwed up tight and Jason knew that could mean only one thing. He increased the speed of his stroking and he saw stars as the captain grunted underneath him and fired off a volley of hot jizz into Jason's happy ass.

Greg spread Jason's cream into his chest as he got to his feet.

'Well team, I guess the practice session is over. It's time to hit the showers.' he said, before licking his fingers clean.

Copyright 2004 Daniel Blue.