 I woke up and rolled over to blearily glance at the alarm clock. It told me it was 9:41 – so today must be Saturday or Sunday – otherwise I'd be up and out at work by now. Well, I hoped that was the case!

I rolled back and came face to face with an elfin female face, sleeping contentedly on the pillow, a happy smile playing on her countenance. And it started coming back to me......

Oh God yes – I'd finally invited my new girlfriend to stay the night – with thoughts of getting her to come and live with me one day – and here she was!

My wandering eyes also took in two part empty glasses – oh yes, we'd downed more than a few last night too, hadn't we?

My gaze fell back to Casey, still blissfully asleep with her upper body partially uncovered. My eyes almost naturally dropped to her breasts, plump and firm and nicely bronzed and tipped with her little brown nipples. I remembered sucking on them last night; running my hands over her warm invitingly soft flesh as I filled my hands with her breasts.

I remembered working my way down her body, kissing her between her quivering breasts in the valley where I'd hopefully slide my rampant cock, sliding further down to poke my tongue into her navel and twiddle her little gold belly bar with my lips.

I remembered working my way further down, my hands now leaving her breasts to caress the smooth, sleek flesh of her waist and hips. I remembered her wiry patch of trimmed pubic hair tickling my chin before I lowered my mouth into the forest and onto her clitoris.

She tasted so sweet, so erotically sexy, so desirable – I couldn't help but work my tongue between her hot lips to explore the source of her delicious fluids.

I remember Casey's body jerking violently as I sucked at her pussy, licking up her copious lubrication before slithering upwards and back to her clitoris – her little penis. And I don't say that lightly, because actually her clitoris was huge – when erect, as it was then, it must have been over an inch long – and truthfully, I just loved to suck on it!

I sank my mouth over her mini-erection and sucked away, my tongue sliding and dancing over the tumescent flesh while beneath me her whole body seemed to be in motion – waves of excitement were rippling through her as I brought her towards her climax.

Then Casey was crying out, groaning and gasping in ecstasy as her orgasm peaked – her hips thrusting her pussy hard at my mouth as I continued to stimulate her until she could take no more.

For a little while all was quiet, except for Casey's breathing – well, panting, as she came back to earth. I raised my mouth from her sex, the taste of her orgasm strong in my mouth – strong but delicious and I looked down at her exposed cunt.

Her lips were splayed apart and her little forest was shiny with sprayed dampness from her frantic climax – and above it all, her lovely clitoris still stood as if awaiting more action.

And there was definitely more to come – my rampant nine inch erection was drooling with desire and eagerness to sink itself into her hot hole and it wasn't long before he was poised to do just that.

Once I too had recovered I leaned forward over Casey's sun-tanned body and lowered my cock towards her pussy. I felt her hips come up to greet me – to welcome me into her body and moments later we connected. A slight adjustment and my penis was seated in the slot, sliding up and down to gather some additional lubrication before beginning the act of penetration.

Some more adjustments and he was there, pushing into her hot slippery flesh like a knife into butter – sliding, sliding, deeper and deeper – his descent only brought to a halt as my pubes met hers.

I stopped – holding still while Casey's vagina got used to my length but soon impatience overtook me and I began to thrust. Slowly at first; small strokes to excite her G-spot then longer deeper strokes to excite my penis and soon we were rutting – our bodies slapping together, our breaths now coming in faster, our scents rising from us in waves of sexual excitement.

Faster and harder we fucked, on and on, until excitedly we both cried out as our bodies climaxed – Casey's once again shuddering and shaking all over, while my body just stiffened and thrust – pumping cascades of scalding hot cum from my straining penis to fill and overfill her grasping, squeezing vagina.

As we wound down and our actions eased off, I could feel our juices all around her pussy; her excited slippery fluids and my hot sticky overflowing cum combining to create a wet, highly-aromatic swamp where our sex organs met.

Gradually I eased my cock from her hole, a gush of whitish bodily fluids slowly flowing from her vagina as I departed. Gradually her hole closed, my cock deflated and Casey's body stopped quivering. We were both still panting steadily as we now reclined side by side on the bed in post-cotial relaxation mode and we were content. That had been a good quick fuck – a short solid sex session that had satisfied us both. 

I remember getting up to have a pee and Casey doing the same and then we just crashed out; sleeping the sleep of the just-after, until morning had woken me. Well, actually I needed another pee anyway, so I got up.

When I came back, my bladder now empty, Casey had woken too and with a quick smile she too had headed to the toilet.

"Fancy a shower?" I asked as she rejoined me.

"No – not right now," she said, "I'll get my hair all wet."

"Ok then – but I'm going to have one," I said, preferring to feel and smell fresh, "Won't be long."

And I was quick – just a good once over, a shave and a tooth wash and I was back, feeling much better. Casey had collapsed back into bed once more.

"Come on then, sleepyhead," I said, lightly slapping her bottom, "Come and have some breakfast."

"Nah – it's alright – I don't eat breakfast," she said, "Ill stay here for a bit longer."

"Fine, fine – I'll leave you to it," I said feeling a bit peeved as I pulled my shorts and a t-shirt on and headed down to the kitchen. Soon I had some fruit juice, some cereal and some toast inside me and I was ready to face the world. 

A quick half an hour run around the area each morning got me going and kept me fit and now I felt I needed to be up and away – when Casey appeared, still looking half asleep.

"I'm just off out for a run – don't suppose you fancy coming, do you?" I asked, not really expecting a positive answer.....and I didn't get one either!

"No way!" said Casey, "I don't like running anyway. Don't fancy that at all."

"No problem – hey, just make yourself at home – I'll be about half an hour," I said as Casey headed towards the lounge. She didn't reply, so I just opened the door, shut it behind me and started out.

Steadily I jogged along, not rushing, just keeping up my usual pace – and that gave me time to think.

'Was I doing the right thing with Casey?' I wondered, 'She's nice enough, but already we've found several differences in our lifestyles. Will that matter?'

I jogged on and on, my mind elsewhere.

'I wonder what else she doesn't like,' I thought, 'Oh well, we'll soon find out.'

Interrupted only by the occasional dog-walker and other morning people I was home pretty well 'on time', having had what I always felt was a good beneficial bit of work-out. I did a few cooling-down exercises before I went indoors.

The sound of the TV alerted me to where Casey would presumably be – and there she was, glued to some vapid and banal show, the theme of which escaped me. I found myself taking a deep breath and then blowing out a long exhale before I spoke to her.

"You going to sit and watch that all day?" I asked, perhaps a bit sharply.

"Why not," she said, not looking at me, her eyes still locked on the TV, "Why – what else is there to do?"

"What would you fancy then?" I asked, "How about a wander around the shops? Or perhaps we could go for a look around somewhere or even just a drive....."

"Nah – I'm ok," she said, "You go – I'll be fine here."

"Well how about heading down to the beach – Sandy Bay isn't far from here and you could top up your tan," I suggested, pretty well knowing by now what kind of answer I'd get back – and I was right.

"No – I like to get my tan done properly," she said – really meaning that the sun wasn't good enough for her!

"Oh come on, for fuck sake," I said somewhat exasperatedly, "Let's do something."

"Like what?" she replied quickly.

'Like take you home' I thought, but I held my tongue, for now.

"I've made some suggestions," I said, "So what do you like to do all day?"

"Not much," she said, "Unless you want to get back to bed?"

Now normally the idea of taking a voluptuous young lady back to bed would have raised my flagpole in moments but today he remained still – she'd totally dampened my ardour.

"No – I just don't feel like it now," I said, almost feeling that I'd got my own back, "Look, let's go out and do something, for God's sake."

"Alright then – take me somewhere," Casey said as she turned off the TV, "And it had better be good!"

'Oh fuck – like what?' I thought, 'No, sod you, we're going down to the park whether you like it or not.'

At least the park was always full of activity – children playing; a band was blasting away in the bandstand; ducks lining up to be fed; flowers and trees to be admired; the model steam railway; golfers; tennis players...and more.....

We left the house eventually, after Casey had spent half an hour doing her make-up, only for her to stop.

"Aren't we taking the car?" she said.

"No way – it's only a short walk to the park," I said, "Parking's not free you know."

"Oh what.....!" she exclaimed, "I'll ruin my heels."

"Ok – ok – we'll go in the car," I said, stepping back indoors to get my car keys, "Have you got all your things?"

"Yes – didn't bring much with me," Casey said.

"Good," I answered harshly as I closed the door and pressed the key to unlock the car doors.

Casey got in and I did too and I pulled away – and headed across town.

"Hey – this isn't the way to the park," she said after a while.

"No – it isn't," I replied, "I'm taking you back home."

She said nothing but just looked straight ahead.

"Casey," I said, "You're beautiful and you're a wonderful fuck, but we're just so different. What's the betting you're a vegetarian while I eat meat and everything?"

"Yeah – I am," she nodded.

"See – we couldn't even have dinner together!" I replied somewhat caustically, because by now I'd made my mind up.

"Casey – I'll let you go home for now. Perhaps we'll meet again and it's been lovely to know you, but we're completely chalk and cheese. Sex is all we have in common," I said as we pulled up outside her parent's house.

"You were really good last night, sweet girl," I said as Casey got out of the car, "But that's about as far as we go, thank you."

She said nothing but slammed the car door in my face and quite honestly I didn't care – I was free again!

Normally after I'd broken up with a girl I'd mope around for a while; perhaps get drunk and generally behave badly – but today I felt fine – relieved!

Well – relieved but very horny! Casey's body had turned me on as usual and inside me there was now a chamber of sexual need building up again....not manifested by an erection but by this feeling that I just needed more sex – and soon. Never mind – it would have to wait, so I shut the mental door on it and concentrated on relaxing instead.

I motored home with the radio on, almost enjoying for once the rattle of some local pop station's selection of insipid records. I pulled into my driveway and sat in the car for a few moments while I considered what to do next.

I tapped the wheel as I thought – ah – the car – yep, let's wash it!

'That came from nowhere', I thought as I usually took it to the local car-wash but since it was a nice enough day, I couldn't now think of a reason not to wash it.

Soon I'd gathered all the necessary bits and pieces, hose, sponge, cleaner, etc and just minutes later I was wetting the paintwork and humming happily to myself.

At least car washing wasn't exactly serious brain work so I had time to think what to do next; do I go out and get pissed; do I go out and find another lay; do I even stay in – home alone?

With the water splashing around and some exercise I soon stripped off my t-shirt, enjoying the feeling of the warm sun on my back.  It made flex my muscles and reminded me that I hadn't been to the gym for a few days – all my exercise had been in bed! And that thought made my penis stir and start to fill out – I somewhat unsuccessfully tried to will it to go away.

I chuckled at the way sex had popped to the surface so easily and then became serious for a moment as I realised that I'd been sleeping alone tonight – damn – I liked sleeping with my partner after a good fuck.

I was startled out of my reverie by a voice from nearby – my neighbour, John.

"Hi Tony," he yelled, "Good way to get the day going."

"Forgotten what colour the car was!" I joked as I stood up from my work and stretched my back.

"Wowee!" said John, "Hey – you've got some great muscles, man – don't you look good!"

Yeah – well I admit to being fairly muscular but its not that I spend ages at the gym; I just like to look after myself, so I do some workouts and plenty of running and it all helps.

I looked down at myself and I smiled happily. I squeezed my chest muscles and then, showing off in a cheerful way I raised my arms to show off my biceps.....stupidly completely forgetting that I was still holding the hose, complete with running water. Three seconds after I assumed the pose I threw the hose away as water cascaded down all over me!

"Bloody hell; stupid idiot!" I exclaimed, laughing but totally embarrassed, "It's the car I'm supposed to be washing! Sod it!"

But John wasn't laughing; instead his eyes were riveted on me. I frowned, wondering why he was looking at me so intently.

"Jesus Tony, you could win a talent contest looking like that," he said, "You look so hot – look at you! Your hair all spiky and wet; your body all glistening with water and you ought to see your shorts!"

"Ah piss off!" I said cheerfully, "I'm not hot – wet maybe but not hot."

The cascade of water had mainly run down my front and now I looked down – and immediately understood what John was on about – my shorts had gone almost see-through and with no underpants on, I was showing off somewhat, my partially inflated cock hanging to one side!

"Oh for Christ's sake," I groaned as I turned off the water, "Sorry John. I'll just nip inside and change."

"Don't bother on my account!" said John, "looks good! Who you been thinking about then?"

"Not you for a start! "I said, laughing, "Why, do you fancy me?"

I turned round and wiggled my bum at him and he wolf-whistled.

"Fuck off – I don't fancy being a gay pin-up!" I said.

John laughed happily and struck a pose to make me laugh as well – then he turned away. Typical bit of male banter – made me happy....

"Anyway, got to go – things to do," he said, "You busy today?"

"Apart from the car. No," I said, returning to my task.

""Where's the girlfriend then?" he asked, "She was with you last night."

Not that it was any of his business, but I didn't mind telling him somehow.....

"Dumped her, mate," I said, "She looked good and she was a great lay – pity that's all she was."

"Hard luck. Another one bites the dust, I guess," said John, "Hey – pop round if you get bored this evening. I've asked some friends over – be a good excuse for a bit of a chin-wag. Come and join us."

"Yeah could do," I replied off-handedly as John waved his goodbye. I threatened him with the hosepipe and he scarpered quickly!

I didn't really mind the somewhat sexist banter coming from John because we were often teasing one another about one thing or another, our sex lives included. Having said that, although I was often bringing girlfriends home I seldom if ever saw John with a girl – I couldn't remember when, now I thought about it. Still, he was probably just more secretive than me, I concluded.

He was a lot like me actually – we seemed to have the same kind of humorous ways and approach to life. And we were of a similar build as well – he too was tall and quite well-built thought not as muscular as I was. He too had short light coloured hair that he spiked to some extent – actually more of a bed-head look, I think. And he was always bright and cheerful; I often felt thankful that I had him as a neighbour as opposed to some old trout or miserable git.

'But what the fuck's going on though?' I thought, 'Just 'cos my cock showed through my shorts I've got a bloody bloke after me now!'

'Oh well, I suppose that everyone likes a man with muscles,' I concluded, smiling smugly to myself – then I settled back to finishing off the car. With John gone and no distraction, my penis soon returned to a relaxed state and I forgot about the wetness on me. Half an hour later it was all done – washed and wiped dry, the paint and chrome all now shining nicely. Even I had dried out as I cleared up and went indoors to get myself a nice cool lager and to sit down for a break.

I relaxed in the sun and pondered on my actions for the next few hours.

No way was I going back to my regular pub – Casey would be sure to be there – no, I'd have to drink elsewhere for a little while. Ok – that's decided that – now, do I go this afternoon or this evening?

I eventually chose to pop down for pint or two a bit later on – I'd nothing better to do, so why not.

I made and ate a bit of lunch; then put some clothes in the washing machine and set it going and then found myself wandering around listlessly.

What to do now? Do I go to the pub? I still was undecided, perhaps because of things that had happened; dumping Casey and now John's comments.

I sat down with another can and supped it slowly while my mind meandered.

'What was all this with John – what the fuck was he up to?' I wondered, 'He was just taking the piss, wasn't he? He's not gay, is he? No way was he that way. I'd know..... No – he was just having a laugh,' I concluded.

Eventually I just couldn't sit around any longer, so pulling on some cleaner clothes I locked up and headed out to the pub in the opposite direction to my regular watering hole – fortunately still within walking distance.

Ten minutes or so later I was at the bar ordering a pint of lager which I took out into the almost unpopulated beer garden which overlooked the river and there I sat, just relaxing and watching the world go past on the river – it was very peaceful.

And then, as a moment of almost complete silence arrived, I overheard some conversation coming from another table a little way away.

".......turning me on mate," a man said.

Something must have clicked in my brain because now I concentrated on the conversation and at that point I picked up the thread. 

"Ooh, I agree. He look's gorgeous; all those lovely muscles," another male voice said, "He could have me any day!"

"Not if I get there first!" the first male voice answered, "He looks so hunky!"

"I'd love him to give me a good going over!" the second voice replied, "Oooooh, I bet he's well hung!"

"I bet he's not gay though," said the other voice, "Shall we ask him?"

I looked cautiously around and there, some twenty yards away two young guys were sat, both obviously looking my way. Ok – they might have been talking about someone else but the way they both looked aside as I looked at them meant only one thing – they'd been talking about me!

'Fuckin' hell!' I thought, 'All these poufs everywhere! Why are they all after me? Have I got the wrong aftershave on or something?'

The two young men realised that they'd been rumbled and coyly looked at me.
