 Well here is am. In Atlanta, lying on the living room floor of a man whose cock I just sucked. Wonder what my wife would say? Well, I'll tell you what she would say. "GET THE FUCK OUT OF THIS HOUSE, YOU COCKSUCKER!!!" And then we would be meeting next time in a lawyer's office.

What the hell have I done? For starters, I finally realized something I had only been thinking of for the past 10 years or so. Having sex with a man. And I am sated. And what a chance meeting through a work related event. Secondly, I sucked his cock and I came in my own pants. Yes, I am lying with a half open shirt, pants and shoes on and a pair of briefs filled with my own cum. I can't believe I came just by sucking his cock. No rubbing, caressing or jacking off. I just came because of the excitement of sucking his cock.

So again, I am lying on the floor. I watched his beautiful bare ass walk out of the room. He has been gone for about 5 minutes and I have not heard anything from him. So, while he was gone I just lay here going over the past half an hour of sex. Pure, raw male on male sex.

"Hope you not asleep." He said as him came back into the room.

"No, I'm awake. Where did you go?" I asked. 

"Had to pee." He said sitting beside me on the floor. He was still naked and what a nice body. His limp cock was still very appetizing has it hung down. 

"You know, I do too. Also, would you mind if I took a shower. I came in my pants." I said humbly. 

"No, go ahead. I will also get you some clean underwear." He said standing up. I followed him down the hall to a huge master bedroom. He walked to the master bath, opened the door and showed me where to find everything. He turned and walked out of the bathroom. What a beautiful ass I thought to myself. I took off my clothes, turned on the water to let it warm up and just nosily poked around in his stuff. There was a picture of a naked girl on the beach with big tits. And a couple pin and ink drawings. As the room started to fill with steam, I stepped into the shower. First thing I got to was the cum stuck in my pubic hair. It took some rubbing and pulling but I got the hard balls of cum out of my hair. I was washing my chest when the glass door opened and Jerry stepped in.

"Why waste the water." He said closing the door. "Or this body." As he lightly slapped my ass. 

It feel very crowded in that large shower. Why, because he pressed his body against my back. He began to nibble on the nape of my neck and press his cock against my ass. 

"Give me the soap." He said reaching around me. I handed him the bar of soap and he began to rub it on my back. It felt nice but he being in the shower with me was giving me another hard-on. He put the soap down and began rubbing the suds over my shoulders, under my arms and all over my back. It was very relaxing AND arousing. He moved his sudsy hands down my back and then cupped both of my ass cheeks. He rubbed and kneaded them like a piece of dough. His fingers drug through my crack and then moved back up to my lower back. Then he went back to my ass cheeks.

"You have a nice firm ass." He said giving my cheeks a squeeze. He moved his right hand and slid a finger along the crack of my ass. "Yes, a very nice ass." He finger went down the bottom of my crack and back up. His finger slid over my asshole and up to the top. Then back down. As it neared my asshole, I instinctively slightly spread my legs. His finger touched my hole and then moved again. Coming back up, he rotated his finger around my hole. 

"Like that?" he asked playing with my hole.

"How about this." As he pushed his finger in a little. It did feel uncomfortable yet good. He did not finish pushing his finger into to me. He took the soap again and began to thoroughly wash my ass and asshole. "Turn around and rinse." He said turning me with his hands. Our cocks touched as the water ran down my back. After the soap was off, he turned me around again and began kissing my neck and shoulders. Then his kisses started down and soon he was on his knees behind me kissing my ass. I felt his tongue glide over each of my cheeks. Then I felt his thumbs pull my cheeks apart and his hot breath on my asshole. My cock was straining to burst. He took the tip of his tongue and ran it slowly up and down my crack. Then he began to lap at my hole. I spread my legs and pushed my ass out. I wanted to feel his tongue. He pressed his tongue a little bit into my hole. He took his thumbs and spread me more to get more of his tongue into me. It felt so damn good.

My legs were actually getting weak from his actions. As I got used to his tongue, he pulled his tongue away and slid a finger along my crack. Then with a little pressure, he pushed it into me. 

"Ahhh." I softly moaned as his finger pushed fully into me. It made me feel full and excited. He worked his finger in and out of my ass. He must be hitting my prostate as I am close to cumming. Then as I got used to his finger, he pushed a second finger in too. Oh, that did stretch my hole. I sort of gasped has he pushed both fingers as far as he could in me. Though a little uncomfortable, it also felt good and I wanted him to continue. And continue he did. I became looser as he finger fucked me. I found myself pushing back on his fingers. Just as his fingering was getting me close to cumming, he pulls his fingers out of my ass.

"Let's get out." He said washing his hands with soap.

He opened the glass doors and handed me a towel. I dried off my body and very hard cock as he ran his towel up the crack of his ass and then toweled off his cock and balls. We walked back into the bedroom when I immediately saw he had pulled the quilt off and the only thing on the bed was the bottom sheet. He handed me another glass of scotch and steering me to the bed. We both sat on the side of the bed and sipped our scotch. I found myself leaning over and kissing his damp mouth. He opened his mouth and tasted my scotch and my tongue. I broke our kiss, took another gulp of my scotch and sat my glass on the nightstand. I slid to my knees in front of him, pushed his knees apart and snuggled myself up between them. I took is soft cock and sucked it in between my lips. What a weird but unique feeling. A limp cock is very different from a hard one. But I liked it. I felt powerful.

As I swirled my tongue around this limp piece of man, I could feel a slight jerk as it began to enjoy my attention. His cock began to wake up in my mouth. I cupped his big balls and continued to get him hard. His shaft filled with blood and soon was a solid smooth shaft. I tongued the head of his cock until it was shiny with my spit. I began to jack him off and suck on the head of his cock. I had become a cock hound. I liked it. I liked it a lot. I was just getting a good rhythm when he pushed me away from his cock and pulled me up. He lay back on the bed and pulled me on top of him. Our damp bodies slid together and we kissed. He parted his legs and I lay between them on top of him. I began to dry hump his hard cock with mine. He pushed me over and moved until we were lying correctly on the bed. Heads on the pillows and feet at the end. Then we began kissing again. I could not get enough of his kisses and tongue. We each held the other's ass and pulled us together.

Jerry kissed my neck, then moved down my chest and slid between my open thighs. He kissed and licked his way up to my cock. Then down to my balls and bathed them with his breath and wet tongue. His hands pushed my thighs open. He tried to push my thighs back towards my chest. I was in a bad position and that did not work.

"Pull your knees to your chest." He whispered. I drew my knees up to my chest and his mouth attacked my balls. He sucked on them and licked down to my ass. He tongued the skin between my balls and my hole. Then he was at my hole again. He licked my asshole and lapped at my crack. He used his thumbs to pull my cheeks open and expose my hole more. Then his tongue penetrated me. It felt like a hundred tongues licking me. Pre-cum oozed from my cock and I felt his salvia run down the crack of my ass. I wanted to press my ass up to his lips but I couldn't due to holding my legs up and my knees against my chest.

Jerry stopped tonguing my hole and got to his knees. He reached over and opened the drawer of his night stand. I could see he had a tube in his hand as he returned to kneeling in front of my upturned ass. I felt a strange coolness as he squeezed the lotion from the tube on my ass crack. Then he began to massage my hole and then press a finger into me. The slick lube allowed his finger to easily slid fully into my ass. It was a wonderful and satisfying sensation. After working his finger in and out several times, he pressed a second finger in also. While it was now two fingers, they also slid in with no problem. I dropped my legs down to the bed as he fingered me. I could now raise my ass up to allow his fingers to enter my ass. 

"Like that?' he said fingering me.

With a moan, I replied. "Yes."

He began to twist his fingers in my hole which caused another sensuous feeling from my ass to my cock. His fingers were in as far as they could go and yet, I knew I wanted more. I didn't have to wait long. Jerry grabbed my legs and put them on his shoulders as he moved closer to my ass.

"Ready to fuck?" he said pushing my knees back to my chest.

In a low voice I said, "yes, fuck me."

He reached down between us and grasping his cock, he rubbed it up and down my crack. Then he pressed it against my hole and leaned forward. I felt my hole spread a little against his cock. The pressure kept up and the pain increased. My breathing was rapid and my heart was pounding. His hips pressed forward more and I stretched open more. I tried to breath rapidly to counter the pressure and the pain. Then, like a popping sound, the head of his cock broke my muscle barrier and eased inside me. 

"Oh, that hurts." I said trying to get my ass away from his cock.

"Stay still." He said rubbing my thighs with his hands. He remained motionless as I just lay there wondering if I could continue with this. I did want him to fuck me. I wanted his cock all the way in me. But could I take the additional pain? 

As we lay still, he moved and a little more of his cock slid into my hot ass. I felt so fucking stretched. Like I needed to take a shit. It was a fullness I had not felt before. Again, he moved and inched into me. I was breathing like I was giving birth to a 12 lb. baby. Jerry pulled back slightly then moved forward again. The pain was subsiding but I still felt like a log was in my ass. He began to move slowly back and forth with just an inch or so in me. I was starting to just feel his cock and not the pain. And thinking about what was happening also took my mind away from the pain. 

Sweat was dripping off my forehead as I looked down to see his body posed at my ass. He slowly sawed in and out of my ass and I was feeling a mild erotic tingling in the pit of my stomach. Each time he moved forward, more of his big cock entered my virgin ass. I began to like the feeling. I felt my ass twitch and push upward. I wanted more of his cock in me. He moved more and then, with a quick snap of his hips, he buried his entire cock in me.

"Ahhh shit." I said loudly. His balls were lying on my ass and his cock felt like it was going to come out my throat. He bucked his hips back, drawing some of his cock out of my ass and then jerked forward again. That felt good. Real good. He again pulled more out of my ass, then pressed fully back into my warm hole. This continued until he got into a rhythm and just began to fuck me.

"Yes, yes.." I said as I pulled his head down and kissed him. He leaned back on his heels and slammed his cock into me.

The words, "Fuck ME!" spilled from my mouth as he pounded into me. I reached around and grabbed his ass and pulled his cock deep into me. I felt my own cum building up inside. The room was quiet except for the sucking sound of my ass taking his cock and the wet slapping sound of his thighs and balls on my ass.

I was moaning, I was groaning and I was throwing my hips and ass into the action. My cock dripped pre-cum and my balls ached to expand and cum. I could smell our sex. Sweat, ass, cum. Jerry put a hand on the pillow on each side of head, leaned over me and slammed his cock hard into my ass. 

"Yes, fuck me. Fuck my ass." I taunted him. I held onto his back as he ripped my ass open. Then my cock shot my hot cum between our bodies. Each time his cock slammed into me, I shot another wad of cum on our sweaty bodies. 

Jerry leaned down, locked his mouth on mine and slid his tongue between my lips. He crashed his hips once more against my body, drove his hard cock into my ass and began to cum. At first I just knew he was cumming, then I felt the warmth in my bowels. I tightened my ass cheeks and sort of milked his cock. He fell on top of me with his mouth against my neck. His cock jerked in my ass a couple of times and then his body movement stopped. I could hear and feel both of us breathing heavily. As we lay together, I kissed his neck and wrapped my arms around him. His cock was still embedded in my ass and I wanted it to stay there...for now.

Not sure how long we lay there, but Jerry moved up and off me. As his cock slid out of my ass, I felt an emptiness. He lay beside me as if in a daze and looked up at the plain white ceiling. We were both covered in sweat and my cum. The scent in the air was hot sex, cum and yes, some shit from my ass. But I did not care as I felt his cum drip from my open asshole. I finally had what I had thought of for years. And I knew I wanted and would get more. I ran my hand over Jerry's chest and nipples. I even slid my hand down my chest and rubbed my cum into my skin. I know, it is yucky, nasty sticky stuff....but ain't it nice when you are in the moment.