 Thank you BeautifulStorm and goldboy16 for editing my story. 

*****

What are the chances? 

After a long day of work and travel in the midwest I was finally able to check into my hotel. After getting my room key I headed to the elevators. Another gentleman was also waiting for the elevators. As the doors opened, he stepped in and I followed. He was about 5'9" or so, looked to be a solid 200 pounds, dark complexion, dark hair and light beard. He scanned his room key to activate the elevator to select his floor, then asked me what floor I needed. 

I replied "Six, please."

He responded, "When you scan your room key, make sure to lay it flat or it won't work."

"Thanks for the advice," I replied.

It was a quick ride to his floor. As he stepped off, I said, "Have a good day, and thanks again for the info."

He replied, "Have a good day also." As he walked away he turned to look at me one more time. I thought to myself, "Damn, I would love to suck his cock." 

That night I had plans with coworkers and got back late to the hotel, so I didn't have time to check out Craigslist. 

The next night after dinner I did check out Craigslist. There was one ad for a guy at a downtown hotel. It was pretty standard, but I was in downtown so, I replied. 

My first email: "44 WM 6' 185 6"c like the sound of your ad what hotel are you staying in. Sure like to see a pic of you, hope you like mine." 

The poster replied: "Hampton Inn on 5th street. Your pic looks sexy what are you into." 

He included a pic and he looked nice. Just like most pictures, it was hard to tell a whole lot about him. But he wasn't fat or 90, nothing wrong with that but those are not my cup of tea. 

I replied: "I'm staying at the same hotel." 

We emailed back and forth a couple more times. The poster was nervous that I was possibly a coworker of his, seeing that he was in town for work and several others from his company were also at the same hotel. I assured him I was not part of a larger group and was the only employee in town from my company. 

This reassured him. So he sent one more email. 

"Ok sounds good, let's meet in the lobby in a couple minutes to get a cup of coffee." 

It was 9:45 at night so I guess we figured we wouldn't confuse who was who. I put on my pants and shoes and headed down the elevator to the lobby. There were three guys there but they seemed to know each other and weren't getting coffee. I stood nervously looking at the baseball game on the lobby TV. The doors to an elevator opened and my heart stopped, but it was a lady and a guy, who headed out the hotel. The three guys got on an elevator and then it was just me standing in the lobby. The elevator binged, the door opened and there walking off and heading to the coffee was the guy from yesterday. I was blown away... was this for real? 

I walked to the left of him, grabbed a cup and started to pour some coffee as he did the same. 

I said, "How's the coffee tonight." 

His reply, "Hot."

I thought, 'Holy shit, this is the guy.' I couldn't believe it. 

We both got our coffee and headed to the elevator. The doors opened, we got on, he hit 3 and I asked him to hit 6. I looked at him and was scared to ask if he was the poster, but I threw it out there. 

"Emails Craigslist?" I said.

He replied, "Yes, are you interested?"

"Yes," I said. 

Again a quick ride up to the third, the doors opened and I followed him to his room. 

The room was dark and he had porn playing on the TV. The curtains on one window were open. The other by the bed had see-through curtains covering the window. 

We had a little small talk. I asked if he remembered me from the elevator yesterday and he said yes. 

I said, "This is crazy. You just can't make this stuff up," We both laughed. With that the man lowered his shorts and removed his shirt. His cock was half hard and his nuts hung down low. I dropped to my knees and took his cock in my mouth and sucked it fully hard. It grew to a great length and girth. The perfect size for sucking. After a couple minutes he moved to the bed. I removed my shirt and pants and my hard cock sprung free. As I climbed on the bed he reached to stroke my cock and pulled me towards his mouth. He took my cock deep in his mouth. His mouth was very hot and I could tell it was not his first time pleasuring another cock. 

As he sucked my cock I stroked his and played with his balls. He came up for air and I rubbed our cocks together. He pinched one of my nipples and that sent a shock through my body. He had a hairy chest and body like me but his back was hair free. I went for his nipples, sucking on them and lightly biting them. He moaned with approval. I moved up from his chest to his neck and ears. We embraced each other. I kissed his neck. He had firm hands. He showed me he was in charge, but that he approved of my soft touch. 

He laid down on the bed and stroked his cock, then rubbed mine against his. I soon moved his cock back into my mouth and went up and down on his shaft. I took his balls in my mouth and then back up to his cock head. He had nice smooth balls, I guess he shaved his balls like I did. I moved my hips towards his head. I didn't have to say anything and he started to stroke my cock. His other hand started to rub my ass and spank it. I sucked harder on his cock. He took a finger into his mouth and then moved it towards my ass. I felt the coolness of his finger on my hole. He rubbed it around and slowly penetrated me with it. I sucked even harder on his cock. He pushed my head away, saying he wasn't ready to cum yet. He pushed me onto my back and got between my legs. He told me to lift my hips and he put a pillow under my ass. He began to suck my cock like a true champ. He went after my balls and then as he moved into rim my ass I could tell he was hesitant, but I guess he could tell it was clean so he dived into eat it like it was his last meal. I began to moan and jump, it felt so good. His beard rubbed my ass checks and it was sending me to new highs. He started to really jerk my cock. I was close to cuming. I guess he could tell because he just went faster. Cum started to fly everywhere from my face to my cock. I lay there covered in my own cum, panting like a dog. 

He moved his hand from my cock to his and started to crank on it like he had just done to mine. He moved up so he was by my face. His cum started shooting out all over my chest and face. Some landed in my mouth. When he was done cuming all over me I took his cock in my mouth to clean him up. It was too much for him. He pulled his cock right back out. We lay on the bed for a couple minutes catching our breath. I felt so slutty lying there next to him covered in cum. I got up to go clean myself off and brought him back a warm cloth and cleaned off his cock. 

As I got dressed we exchanged small talk. He asked if I was around tomorrow night but it was my last night in town. Again I said to him, "Just can't make this up." 

This was a true story.