 This continues the account of the exploration of my fantasies. Not a series, so can be read alone, but all the stories are connected...

*****

Rob and I had continued our phone and email sex sessions. Meeting and actually sucking him had not diminished my hidden desires for giving oral sex to another guy. If anything the experiences were making me even more naughty than I had been previously. 

One Friday night I was out and a little bit tipsy. Actually, I was just plain drunk. I was home alone for the weekend. As I was waiting for a taxi home I sent Rob an email. The email just told him how much I wanted to suck him again. 

He responded almost straight away. The drunken emails I sent him on my taxi journey home kept getting hotter and dirtier. I was drunk and horny as hell. I wanted to taste him. 

I was too drunk to drive and it was too expensive to get a cab to his. By the time I opened my front door I was sporting a very hard erection. My phone beeped to tell me I had a new email. It was Rob, he was offering to drive to mine right now and fuck my face. 

It was so tempting, too tempting. I was fearful of somehow getting caught but was so full of lust. I sat on the bottom step in my hallway and agonised over what to do. I wanted his cock. I needed his cock. In the end my head overruled my dick. But that did not stop me undoing my jeans right there and then and shooting my load all over my stomach as I sat on the stairs. I sent Rob a series of explicit photographs as I wanked myself to orgasm.

I went to bed and slept the heavy sleep of the drunk and the sexually sated. I was awoken just before six a.m. by my phone going again. It was an email, from Rob. 

'You awake?' it read. I replied that I was now. 

'Come over here now and suck me. Been thinking about it all night. Need you to suck me.' He responded. 

I needed no second invitation. I dived out of bed and pulled on my clothes. He emailed me to say he would leave his front door open. I was just to come in, lock the door and find him in his bed. 

Just the drive to his house was capable of getting me erect. When I arrived I discovered the front door was unlocked. I let myself in and quietly closed it behind me. Outside of his bedroom door I quickly stripped off my clothes and crept into his room. How quickly had I become such a slut?

I could see him beneath his duvet, with his back to me. I slipped into his bed and my hand snaked round his hip to find his soft cock. I gently began to massage his cock as I kissed the back of his neck. Both he and his cock were soon fully awake. I pulled on his erect cock as my semi hard cock was pressed against his legs. 

He rolled onto his back and I replaced my hand with my mouth. The manly smell of his groin was strong this morning, as he had yet to shower, but his cock still tasted great and felt even better. He placed a hand on the back of my head to dictate my rhythm as he murmured encouragement. The word "cocksucker" was used frequently. 

I bathed his cock in my mouth until suddenly his one hand on the back of my head changed to two hands holding my head and gently moving me away from his cock. 

"I don't want to cum yet," he whispered. 

His hands directed me upwards and I found myself lying on top of him, chest to chest, with his open legs either side of me. He pulled my face towards him and our lips met. I hungrily kissed his mouth, my tongue dancing with his tongue, amazed at how much I was enjoying this kiss. 

This had always been about the giving of oral sex. That was the thought that turned me on. But as I lay there I suddenly found my hips gyrating as I rubbed myself against him. I enjoyed the sensation on my cock as he probed my mouth with his tongue. His knees were drawn up and I was cradled between his legs. I then realised where my cock was. It was pushing against his hole. I realised what I was doing. I was dry fucking him. Dry fucking him and loving it. Dry fucking him and wanting more.

"That's it Jay," he whispered in my ear, "be as dirty as you want to be." 

Frightened by what I was doing I rolled off him and took his cock back in my hand. I stroked the skin back and forth along his shaft. I laid my head on his stomach and watched as I manipulated his cock. 

"I am going to cum, you going to make me cum you horny cocksucker," Rob warned me. 

Without giving it a second thought I took the tip of his cock into my mouth and he immediately started to spunk. For the first time, I had a man cumming in my mouth. I let the spunk dribble out of my lips and back down his shaft. 

His hand found my cock.

"Stick your tongue in my mouth," he commanded me. 

As I kissed him deeply he wanked my cock with firm strokes until I erupted all over his leg. 

By 9 am I was back in my car, the taste of his cum in my mouth and thoughts I never dreamed of having flooding through my head.