 "The only think better than having sex," I mumbled to myself from the safety of my hiding place where I had been watching the couple making out on the couch in the downstairs family room, "is watching other people having sex."

Okay, I'm a bit of a voyeur. Guilty as changed. In fact I'm a little bit of a lot of things. I'm a little bit straight, as my wife snoring away upstairs which attest to. I like to watch and have no objection to being watched either, although I'm very boring in my opinion, and I'm also a little bit gay.

More than a little bit gay to be honest. I like women but have always preferred my own gender, so while I love my wife she's more or less a beard because up until recently being gay was the kiss of death in my business.

As for the couple who had been wrestling on the couch down there, while I thought the nubile little brunette was attractive, Nellie is my daughter so my attention had been fixed on her boyfriend du jour, a skinny skateboarding dude that bagged groceries down at the Shop Rite.

What she saw in the grubby looking dude with the long stringy dirty blonde hair had eluded me, because Nellie just started college where as Dylan had barely made it through high school and had a dead end job. That was before my daughter tugged his shorts and underwear down.

As she disappeared for a second I got to enjoy this Dylan dude slinking down in the coach, his too-lean 6' frame splayed in the edge of the sofa with his skinny legs spread wide as if he were trying to make it easy of me to see.

I could see alright, and I loved what I saw. I forgave his dangling nut sack resting on the fabric of the couch when I saw Dylan's cock which my daughter had apparently made erect before departing briefly. The kid's cut cock was absurdly long and was arching back onto his stomach, a very thick base tapering to a conical glans.

I got some perspective on about how long that boy's dick was when my daughter returned with what looked like hand cream, and after squirting some in her palm Nellie wrapped that hand around the base of the lad's tool while bringing it upright so she could suck it.

My daughter's hand spun on that thick part of the shaft while her mouth went up and down the end of it, and I was surprised that she wasn't better and giving head because she looked a little clumsy at it, although perhaps that was due to the length of it which I guesstimated to be around 8 or 9".

When after about three minutes of so-so head Nellie raised up and knelt on the cushion next to her boyfriend, she started using both hands on the dude, her fists sliding up and down his arching manhood while she had a rather maniacal look in her eye.

Nellie pumped that lengthy shank for about a minute until Dylan's cock began spitting wads of semen all over the place, on the couch, Nellie's hands and arms and himself, and my daughter was so wrapped up in what she was doing she kept milking the kid until he pulled her hands off of it.

I took my leave at that, sneaking out the back door and to my car, and after I let it coast down the driveway to the street, started it up and drove down to the end of the street.

I was in my pajamas, which might have been tough to explain if I ever got stopped, but it was worth the chance. I waited in the car for a while, impatiently watching the dashboard clock move until after a half hour I saw Dylan rolling down the street on his board towards me, his tan-top and baggy shorts waving in the breeze as he picked up speed.

"Hey Dylan," I called out to him when he approached, and I startled him enough so that he jumped off his board. "Didn't mean to startle you. Sorry."

"Oh, it's you Mr. Wright," Dylan said.

"Why don't I give you a ride?" I suggested.

"I just live down the street," he explained. 

"I know where you live. Hop in and we'll have a little talk."

Dylan got in, surprised to see me dressed like I was, and after I started driving I explained.

"You act like you never saw a dumpy middle-aged guy driving around in his PJ's before," I kidded as I drove.

"No, that's cool - uh - I live right there," Dylan told me as we went back towards his folks house.

"I know where you live. You aren't it any hurry are you? Good because we need to talk," I told Dylan as I went down to a tiny park near the school. "I noticed you and Nellie seem to be hitting it off."

"Yeah, she's cool."

"You fuck her yet?" I asked bluntly, and to say the boy was shocked would be an understatement but he recovered fast.

"No, it's nothing like that," was what he came up with.

"That right Dylan? I don't care, mind you. I was just curious," I informed him. "I happened to catch a glimpse of you and Nellie a little earlier and I was just wondering."

"Oh gees Mr. Wright I'm sorry," he started to say but I cut him off.

"No you're not. If anybody should apologize it should be me. Embarrassing that my daughter can't give better head than that."

"Huh?"

"Let's take a stroll," I suggested as I parked in the lot and got out of the car, and when Dylan didn't move I said, "Come on. It's a nice night and nobody comes here anyway."

"What are you gonna do Mr. Wright?" he asked nervously when he saw me put something in the pocket of my PJ bottoms.

"It's not a gun son and I'm not mad at you," I assured him as I put my hand around his hip and led him to the table way in back. "Nellie doesn't swallow?"

"Swallow?" he choked while his eyes darted around wildly as if he was expecting to get mugged. "No sir."

"I don't know whether I should be happy or sad about that," I told Dylan as we got to the picnic table. "That's quite the weapon you have there. Might split my little girl in two if you ever did her pop her cherry."

"I swear we never..."

"Its okay. You're both 18..."

"I'm 19."

"The point is that you're an adult and so is Nellie," I said. "Although I suspect you might be a little out of her league because she hasn't dated much."

"When you started dating Nellie a friend of mine said that he had noticed you two together," I told him. "I think you might know him. Brad Zimmer?"

"Huh?" Dylan almost shouted at the mention of that man's name.

"You know Brad Zimmer, don't you son?" I asked knowing full well the answer.

"Yes sir."

"He told me what that you - how should I say this - that you were a very open minded lad. Would that be accurate?"

"Yes sir."

"Nothing to be ashamed of son," I told him as he stepped back into the end of the table, jumping when my hand went to his crotch. "I'm quite open minded as well."

"You?"

"Does that surprise you?" I asked as I undid his belt and shorts while my eyes never left him. "Yes, Brad told me all about you."

"Well maybe not everything about you," I said as I reached into his boxers and grabbed the rubbery snake inside. "He didn't tell me you were hung like a horse. This is a pleasant surprise."

After looking around to make sure we were very alone I yanked down his boxers and then my pajamas. After grabbing his flaccid cock and bringing my nearly erect one to meet each other I had to snicker at the sight of my very modest organ next to his monster.

"Doesn't seem fair does it?" I asked hypothetically as I rubbed the tip of his dick into my foreskin. "One guys so well endowed while the other - well, you get the idea."

"Size doesn't matter," Dylan whispered as I felt his cock start to re-energize in my grip.

"I know you just came less than an hour ago, but since you're 19 I suspect you'll have no problem getting it up again, with my help."

"If you're okay with that?" I asked, and after Dylan nodded I went to my knees and lifted the rubbery hose to my lips to began sucking wildly on the gelatinous organ, and as I suspected it began to stiffen right away.

"Holy shit!" I heard Dylan gasp as my lips slid down the shank to the thick stump, and when I looked up at the lad whose head was framed by the nearly full moon above I could see he was impressed.

That inspired me to push my mouth down to the very base with my face buried in his pubes, taking it all despite my throat getting poked, but after a couple of trips up and down the long prong I got back up to my feet.

Stepping out of the pajamas tangled around my ankles, I bent down to grab the tube of lube out of the pocket and unscrewed the cap.

"I've heard you have a fondness for drilling chunky middle-aged men in the ass," I wondered aloud, and as he nodded I began to slather the gel up and down the boy's pulsating penis.

"Yeah. Do you like it hard too Mr. Wright?" he asked, and I nodded as I leaned over the table and let Dylan lube me up. "You're real tight man."

"That monster cock of yours will loosen me up," I assured him. "And I want it all."

"Okay," Dylan responded, and with that I felt the tip of his member at the gate.

"Yeah," I groaned as he introduced the conical glans to me and I tried to relax and take it all, although when the thick part of the tool got forced in it was a challenge.

One all of him was in, the lad began moving much of his manhood in and out of my ass like an artist while I propped up my upper torso with my arms.

"You like that Mr. Wright?" Dylan asked as he began to get into a quicker rhythm, and after I grunted positively his thrusts got harder.

Dylan's hands went up and under my pajama top, finding my too-plump-for-my-liking man boobs with no problem, and his touch was not tender at all as he squeezed my boobs in between pulling on my armpit hair and raking his fingers hard through the pelt on my chest.

"Oh yeah. Harder," I moaned while cursing myself for not putting something like my PJ's on the table in front of me so I could grind my dick on it and get off.

"Harder?" Dylan responded in a tone that was a little macho for him, but then he really began pounding into me, nearly lifting me off the ground as he fully impaled me while grunting and snarling, skewering me like a piece of meat.

Then he came, the moan he let out followed by the twitching of his manhood, and then I felt my bowels fill with a soothing warm creme that eased the soreness of his probing. We both stood there panting until I felt his cock slither out of me and then I turned to face him.

"You're good Dylan. Real good," I assured him.

"You too Mr. Wright," I was told, and then when the lad looked down he noted that I hadn't cum.

I explained about not wanting to get splinters on my weiner, and when he asked if there was something he could do I took him up on it.

"That's it," I encouraged as I had him lean back against the end of the table next to me, and although he had a bit of trouble getting a grip on my little cock Dylan soon began rubbing his thumb and forefinger up and down. "Perfect."

I ducked my head down towards the slightly taller lad, and as his left hand jerked me off I moved his right arm up over my shoulder and buried my face under my daughter's boyfriend's arm.

Dylan might have been a bit shocked when I began kissing and licking the modest spray of blonde curls under his arm but when he started grinding into my face it was clear he liked it as much as I did. I ignored whatever flavor of Axe I was ingesting and kept sucking his armpit as my orgasm roared through me, making me glad I was leaning against something as I came.

I heard Dylan say something as my orgasm finally ended, and after my dick went limp and disappeared in the bush I pulled my head out from under his skinny arm and asked him what he said.

"When you came," Dylan explained as he wiped the back of his hand on the bottom of his tank-top and pointed in front of us. "You shot - man - that first blast must have gone six feet, and the way you kept cumming?"

"Not bad for an old man," I chortled while getting my PJ bottoms back on. "It might be little but it works really well."

"Not that little," Dylan said graciously.

"I doubt whether you were expecting me to do what I did," I mentioned without apology.

"My armpit? No, I dig it and as a matter of fact Mister - I mean somebody else does that to me too," I answered, and I appreciated the fact he didn't throw my friend under the bus.

"Mr. Zimmer? None of my business but are you and him..."

"Let's just say that we're friends who share a common interest," I told Dylan, and after I tried and failed to explain that some guys are dominant and others submissive regardless of age or social status in the real world, simply said, "we both enjoy the same role, and that doesn't work."

Dylan accepted that roundabout way of saying that while we might be very successful executives during the day. what gets me and Brad Zimmer off was being submissive to guys like him at night, and during the next few weeks Dylan was dating Millie, we often went back to that park, but then they broke up.

That didn't stop us from getting together though, because we both had what the other wanted.

***

Thanks for reading.