 I struggled awake not sure what or where I was. That state of mind part way between the real world and the dream world. As I regained full awareness I realized someone was stroking my cock. They realized I was awake and quickly pulled their hand back.

The bus ride was long and most of us were tired after marching in a parade and in the field contest. It was dark and quiet on the bus.

I pretending to be asleep and squinting my eyes I looked over at Dick. He was pretending to be asleep, but I knew better. The blanket covered both of us so he had probably thought that it was okay to play with me.

Dick was 19. A year older than me. It was the last year for both of us before we headed off into the Big World.

Damn. What was that about? I dozed off only to be wakened again. He was stroking my cock through my jeans. I grabbed his hand and moaned. I moved his hand up and down indicating that what he was doing was just fine with me. I finally let it go and Dick continued to stroke my cock. I let him play with me until I thought I was going to explode. I took his hand off and whispered, "No. Not now."

We both fell asleep and did not wake up until the bus pulled into the parking lot next to the YMCA. Everybody piled off the bus, grabbed their belongings and went home.

Before we left I took Dick aside and said, "Later. Please." His response was a quick, "Yes."

It was a week before I saw Dick again at the local market.

"Hi Al."

"Hi Dick. How are you doing?"

"Fine. Say do you want to come over and spend the night?"

"Yeah. That'd be great. How about 7?"

"Cool. see ya."

I got the stuff, payed and went home. Ate supper, cleaned up and kissed Mom on the cheek.

"Going over to Dick's for the night."

"Be good."

I could only hope.

I drove over to Dick's house and parked on the street. Got out, picked up my bag and walked up the steps.

The door opened after I rang and it was Sarah, Dick's Mom.

"Hi Al. Go on upstairs. Dick is in his bedroom. I'll bring some sodas and popcorn up later."

"Thanks."

I bounded up the stairs and went in Dick's room.

"Hey!"

"Hey yourself."

His room was really great. Had his own desk, TV, record player, etc. And a double bed. He was laying back watching TV.

"I tossed my bag in the corner and sat down in the desk chair. We both watched the B&W TV. I don't recall the programs. 

His Mom knocked and entered with a large bowl of popcorn and sodas.

"Have a good time boys. See you in the morning."

We turned off the TV and turned on the radio. Low enough not to bother his folks and low enough so we could talk. We talked about everything but IT.

Finally the popcorn was gone as well as the sodas and Dick said, "Time for bed."

Gulp. Was I ready? I kinda knew what was going to happen. Heck. I wanted it to happen, but could I do it?

He jumped off and took off his jeans and shirt. Dick, like most of us, was wearing white jockeys. Sears and JC Penny's were the big sellers in those days. I stripped down also and we both stood there looking at each other. I could see the outline of his cock through the white cotton. I knew he could see mine as well.

Dick was taller than me and heavier. Not fat. Just heavier than my skinny frame. He had short brown hair and brown eyes. My hair was blond and I had hazel eyes.

"Well?"

I looked at he bed and back at him. He got in and I followed. We both lay back against the pillows. He turned out the lamp next to him. The light from the streetlight outside his window was bright. Bright enough for us to see each other clearly.

I was nervous as hell, but wanted whatever was going to happen to happen.

I had a girlfriend and we had eventually petted and I even got to touch and finger her wet slit while she played with my dick, but it just wasn't enough. I took every chance I could in the gym showers to look at the guys. All the different sizes and lengths. Most of us were cut so I didn't feel out of place. I was curious and felt a strange warm feeling whenever I looked at them.

Dick moved.

"Be cool. I think you are going to like this."

He swung around, facing me, putting his legs around me. His crotch was against mine and I could feel his hardness.

"Has Nancy ever done this," he asked. Using his thumb and forefinger on each hand he lightly pinched my nipples. 

"Oh My God."

The pleasure was instant and went straight to my cock. It got even harder. 

He played with my nipples. Caressed them. Stroked them. Pinched them again and again.

For several minutes Dick played with my nipples.

I couldn't resist and reached up and did the same to Dick. He moaned and the body heat went up several degrees. For both of us.

He surprised me and leaned forward. 

"I'm going to kiss you. Okay?"

I nodded and he did. It was great. So different than with Nancy. His lips were fuller. Firmer. His tongue probed and I opened my mouth. His tongue slid in touching every part of the inside of my mouth that it could. I returned the pleasure and we were both panting when he finally broke the kiss.

"Up. Raise Up"

I pushed my hips up and he pulled my jockeys down. Slowly. 

Dick moaned at the sight of the head of my cock. Moaned again at the length. He sighed as he pulled my underwear down past my balls and down my legs. 

"Lovely. I knew you would be lovely."

He used a fingertip and stroked the length of my dick. My cock twitched at his touch.

He moved down to my balls and pushed on each side and we both watched as my balls rolled from side to side.

He moved his hand back up and making a fist closed it around the head of my cock. He squeezed and I gasped. 

He moved his hand up and down and I felt faint at the sensations. I had masturbated as soon as I found out what it was and just how great it felt. Masturbated even more after that first wonderful scary orgasm.

But this was glorious and oh so right.

I couldn't stand it and didn't want to cum so soon.

"Stop. Please."

Dick leaned back and I told him to lie down. He did and I reached out and touched his cock through the cotton. I could feel a wet spot from his pre cum and pushed and poked there knowing that was where the head of his cock was.

I couldn't wait any longer. 

I tugged on his waistband and he raised his hips. I pulled down and his briefs slid down past his cock and balls and off his legs.

"Oh my!"

I reached out and touched his cock. It felt soft. Silky. Smooth. Warm. Down I went my fingertips exploring his length. Each bump. Each vein. The hardness of his cock always there. Underneath the soft skin. Down to his balls. The soft hair tickled the back of my fingers. 

Back up I stroked until I reached the head. I touched and felt wetness. I swirled it around and around the head of his cock. Going back to the source when needed. Dick moaned and I closed my hand around his cock and slowly stroked him. I could feel his cock throb.

All of a sudden Dick pushed my hand away, turned and pushed me down.

He kissed me and tongued me. 

He licked my chin and my neck.

Down he went. Kissing and licking on my chest.

""GOD!"

He sucked on my right nipple. Than my left. Bit gently. Both of them. My cock pulsed and a drop of pre cum spurted on to my belly.

Down and down Dick went. Licking and kissing.

A brief pause and I could feel his warm breath on my cock.

I watched as his tongue snaked out to catch another drop of pre cum. 

"Hmmmm. Tastes good."

He licked the head of my cock and than down the length. I thrust up involuntary at the intense pleasure.

Dick licked my ballsac. First the right side and than the left. He sucked each ball in and the wet warmth of his mouth was wonderful.

Back up he went licking and kissing my cock. Getting it wet with his saliva.

He sucked the head in to his mouth and I damn near shot my load. 

Down he went taking more and more of my length. He gagged a bit and went back up. 

Up and up and down and down.

Dick started bobbing his head. His left hand was holding him up and the right was playing with my wet balls.

And just like that I came. Oh Lord did I cum. It started at my toes and like an electrical shock went straight up my legs and into my groin.

I stifled a scream as I shot a load. 

I could hear him swallow. I couldn't believe it as shot after shot of cum blew into his mouth. He didn't waste a drop. He swallowed every bit of my cum.

Finally I just had to push his head up. My dick was too sensitive.

I lowered my hips as he leaned back.

"God Dick. That was fucking unbelievable."

"Yeah. It was great for me. Your cum tastes sweet. Not at all like..."

"What?"

"Later."