 It has been a bloody cold winter sure enough and I am indebted to my flat mate James whom I took on to share the very expensive rent. The heating expenses too have been so high we have had to resort to covering ourselves in blankets and watching TV when getting home from work.

But there was another way of keeping warm I had not accounted for. Something that would change my life forever and guide me to my true sexual leaning of which I seemed to have been ignorant of for so long.

I had been in a couple of relationships with girls, but neither lasted because of something they did not like about me - Janice said I didn't show any emotion or much else and if truth be known I could not sum up any real enthusiasm to a relationship other than just being friends.

Not to say they weren't attractive girls because they were and they were soon lapped up after they'd dumped me - but I just could not raise the spark, I don't know why - or I didn't at that time.

The coldest night, just before Christmas, it went down to ten degrees below freezing and there was I huddled up in my duvet trying to grab some sleep.

Looking at the clock in the night I saw it was 2am and there was I still shivering. I heard the kettle boiling in the kitchen, James showed his head through the door of my bedroom and asked if I would like a cuppa to which I accepted.

I sat up in bed with my pillows pressed into my lap trying to generate some more heat. Then James appeared with a steaming cup of tea which was something just to feel the heat of the mug in my hands.

"Can I join you, Pete? Do you mind?" he asked already getting into the bed beside me. "It's what the Eskimos do to keep warm, they huddle together - so why not lets take a lesson out of their book?" he smiled..

"I'd like to read that book!" I replied not minding one iota him having joined me. It was like I felt the warmth radiating from his body immediately and it was quite good to share a nice hot cuppa in those circumstances.

After we'd drunk up James looked at me with a very becoming smile and said; "Should I stay, it is very inviting what say you, Pete?"

I had to admit it was and I was all for it, not thinking anything of it at the time except the need to keep warm.

So we both sunk into the mattress, James nudged in behind me, and immediately slumbered. 

The next day was Saturday so no work for either of us, I awoke and felt the warmth of our bodies combined made for a nice cosy sleep after all, that which I believe I could not have had alone.

But there was something else too that pleased me - although I was doubtful if James really meant to be swollen and pressed up between my bum, his hand feeling my vitals beautifully.

I just laid there and enjoyed this wonderful new feeling inside me, something I had not realised but didn't want to stop.

But James was still asleep wasn't he? - and must have been dreaming something very erotic considering the way he was grunting and moaning. The way he started to massage his cock between my bum cheeks was very appealing and I found myself instinctively moving to accommodate his very pleasing erection snuggled in my crotch of which I could just feel the beat.

Now it was all falling into place as to why I hadn't been attracted to girls, I guess I just accepted before I was one of those guys who was sort of in-between, and had no interest in sex,, But already the feel of James behind me changed that stupid idea and I knew then I had to be gay. 

But where was all this going, and would James be embarrassed when he awoke, should I not gently move away from him and awaken him to save his embarrassment?

But I was enjoying too much, especially then as he'd downed my boxer shorts and massaged my cock and balls like they'd never known before, his cock distinctly pressing into my crease with an incessant strong throb that did everything to make me want his fuck, I twisted my right arm behind and managed to feel his cock supreme, stretched it back and stroked it, it felt so heavenly and wonderful, it was all coming together then just what I'd been missing, and how it was to be with another of my own sex.

This must have continued for a good fifteen minutes at least and as his hand squeezed and balled me I felt so swollen and wanting for something I had not known. But then James did something that made me realise for sure he was no longer asleep.

I heard what sounded like a grunt and a whisper, then saw his head go down under the duvet and then... I cannot describe the utterly wonderful sensation I had when I realised lovely James in all his glory, was sucking my cock. I laid there, just laid there, still massaging him too, feeling his warmth and strength in that big cock of his.

He had to be awake surely to do that? It It's not the sort of thing you'd do in your sleep surely? I'd accepted that it just didn't matter anymore if he was asleep or not for we were both moving flushed and warm into something so wonderfully satisfying, I wanted to return the gesture and satisfied my immediate urge to suck cock for myself in adjusting my position to a sixty- nine angle when we could both thoroughly chill and enjoy each other to the full.

I hadn't thought of how it would be to suck cock, I adored the scent but the earthy salty taste seemed to be perfect. And it was sheer heaven to feel it pulsing against my tongue as I tasted and delved into his pee-hole as I sucked him just as deep as I could, feeling him do the same to me down under, it was perfect, the utter feeling of him inside my mouth as I felt his fingers rim me beneath as he still sucked me firmly, I started to feel all sorts of wonderful new sensations and knew then I wanted more, I wanted to feel his sex complete inside on me, I felt an incessant ache for him as he licked my ass and balls and stroked madly his ass and balls as I sucked and sucked his sublime cock.

Then I knew for definite he was awake: "I want you fuck, Pete. Okay?"

I breathed that it was more than okay but I had never done it before so it my be difficult..

"Got any oil or lubricant?" he asked softly.

I had some Vaseline in my bathroom cupboard.

"That will do perfectly" he said and then he was massaging me between so very deeply, stretching me, nudging my bum cheeks, telling me how good I felt and how he so much wanted my deep fuck. By then I was well and truly primed and so utterly ready for his fuck.

"Just relax, lift and bend you left leg as high as you can and leave the rest to me." he said with an obvious excitement in his voice and I prepared myself for my very first man fuck.

James was so considerate and gentle, I felt him nudging the head of his cock against my well lubricated anus and I longed then to feel the first motion of his cock inside me, it slipped into me perfectly, I felt is go all the way inside like I was made for it. I shall never forget that first time and how it felt as it pushed up inside me.

His was a wonderful, beautiful and so gratifying deep throbbing fuck that made electric currents travel up my spine, I moved with him felt his thrust go deeper and deeper, it hurt at first but soon numbed as his fuck thrilled me to the core. At that point I wanted to be all ass for him.

And then the happening, his cock erupting inside me, I felt a surge as he squeezed my cock, gave it a real stiff jerking and I came too, simultaneously.