 Damn work sucked like usual. Why couldn't the day have passed by now? Only 3 hours into the shift. Luckily he had company back in the stockroom. It was one of the few days there were at least two people sorting merchandise in back.

Sorry!!!! My name is John and I guess I should have mentioned that already. I'm about 5'10, have dark brown hair, green eyes, and a goatee (who doesn't now-a-days?). Well my coworker doesn't!

His name is Brett... he's about 5'7, light brown hair, brown eyes, average build. Hell I have only an average build myself. He seems like a nice guy but I've only known him for a few months thru work.

We always seem to pass the time faster by talking. And always the conversations would turn to sex. Go figure, right?

I didn't know too much about him I guess. From what he has told me he hadn't had a gf since like November. But he has had a few dates here and there. He hasn't had any sex since December, other than self pleasuring!

I myself hadn't had sex in months and months. It has definitely been a long hard couple of months. Eventually there has to be a breaking point.

"Any recent conquests?" I asked out of curiosity.

"Heck no... Dry as a bone."

"I know the feeling. I'm getting to the point where I need any kind of female stimulation. I AM DYING," I said with a half-hearted laugh. DAMN, just the thought of sex was making me hard. I tried to pull a box down to cover my tented pants but he saw it.

"Whoa man. Maybe you need to go take care of that"

"Ha shut up," I said in irritation.

"Someone's horny! Remind me not to bend over in front of you."

Damn him. How the fuck was having someone bent over in front of me making me even harder!!! Him and his damn smirks. Ah well.

Another hour passed and each random thought brought another hard on. Fuck. I know he noticed.

"John. Come here for a sec." 

I should have known. Walking back to the far corner behind the last shelf I saw him leaning over and into this large plastic tub. And I mean leaning over it. Damn

DAMN HIM.

If I thought I had the hardest boner earlier I was wrong. 

FUCK it.

I walked up to him and put one hand on his waist and another on his shoulders so he couldn't lift up. And I ground my crotch into his ass.

"Feel that bitch? That's how frustrated I am! You little tease!"

"John really... let me up... stop... what are you doing??" By then I started grinding my crotch into his ass more... effectively dry fucking him.

"Damn Brett... you feel good." Fuck. I am not gay... but FUCK I needed release.

"Get off me!"

"I will when I'm done!!!" Reaching down with the hand that was on his waist... I opened my jeans and let them slide down my thighs.... my 8 inch dick sprung out hard as hell.

Now i'm not stupid... and I kind of.... well not really but I should of had second thoughts... but I didn't want to feel my dick against his jeans... so I reached around... and opened his pants... dropping them to the floor.

"FUCK NO John!"

"Relax bitch... I'm just going to hump your crack" And with that I laid my hard on right in his ass crack. He groaned in disgust or something.

I started humping his crack slowly... then speeding up as I got more and more turned on. Damn me... it felt good. He wasn't really struggling... he was kind of just saying "no no no" over and over...

OH SHIT. We heard footsteps. The door to the stockroom opened... and someone walked in. We could hear them rummaging around a shelf. Ha-ha. Feeling like the jerk I am I reached around and grabbed his dick and started to massage his soft cock. Would he yell? 

Nope he didn't.

The footsteps faded and I could hear Brett grunt. HOLY SHIT... his dick was getting hard in my hand. Damn....

I thought I could be satisfied with a hump of his crack but....

I slipped lower and lunged forward slightly... bull's-eye. The tip wedged in his asshole just slightly.

"HOLY SHIT. NO DUDE. NO. You can hump my crack but don't."

"Shut up bitch... I'm going to let go of your shoulders to hold your waist. You try to get up and I'm going to push you right back down. Got it?"

I grabbed his waist with both hands and steadily pushed forward. DAMN... we both groaned at the same time as the head slipped inside. I reached around to feel his cock... and bring it back up to full hardness.

Grabbing his waist tightly I slowly pushed the length of my dick in his ass.... and then I bottomed out. Fuck my balls slapped his ass! 

"Oh god oh god" he moaned.

I jacked his dick a few more times... and then started fucking him slowly... and then started to pick up the pace... I knew I wouldn't last long. I was groaning loudly and I knew I was getting close.

Reaching down I felt him to be really hard. I slammed into him over and over and I felt my dick start to expand. I pulled his body up so he was standing there in front of me with my dick buried in his ass. I bit his shoulder hard and then whispered in his ear... "Get ready for it little bitch."

And then I lowered myself slightly and slammed up into him. He grunted hard. I did it again. And again... god... my dick was expanding... he grabbed my arms! "I can feel it! You're going to cum in my ass!"

"FUCK YES!" and with that I lunged up into him a final time and felt my cock explode into his male body.