 After a long night out on the town, my friend Ryan and I finally made it back to the hostel we were staying at sometime during the wee hours of the morning. Ryan was wasted, but then again, so was I. As we stumbled through the hallway that led to our room, I watched Ryan fumble in the dim light to find our door. He was shirtless (he'd removed his baseball jersey sometime during the course of the night, given it to some girl and never gotten it back) and his baggy denim shorts were slung low on his hips, exposing plaid boxers and just the tiniest bit of ass crack. The weather that night--our third night of a week-long stay in Amsterdam--was uncharacteristically warm, and we were both hot and sweaty, having done copious amounts of drinking, dancing and partying. 

"Dude, I gotta take a fuckin' leak," Ryan blurted suddenly.

"Shit, so do I," I responded.

The communal bathroom was all the way at the other end of the hall. We both made our way toward it, and I waited while Ryan went in and took what seemed to be the longest piss ever.

"Damn, Ry, how much did you have to drink?"

"Same amount as you," he said, his voice muffled from behind the closed door. The sound of his urine hitting the water made my urge to pee even stronger. I squeezed my legs together to avoid having an accident right there in the hallway.

"Could you hurry up, man? I gotta go!"

"Okay okay," he said. There was a brief silence after he went, followed by a loud flush, and I flung the door open and had my pants halfway down before I even reached the toilet. Ryan began to laugh.

"It's not funny," I snapped. "I should've made you go second."

"Hey, that would've been okay by me. I don't mind whipping it out wherever...holy shit!"

"What?" I asked, lost in the dizzy good feeling of emptying my bladder.

"Your dick is fuckin' huge!"

"Huh?" I said, taken aback by what came out of his mouth. I'd put away quite a few cocktails that night, but not enough to impair my hearing, and what I'd just heard was strange to say the least. Ryan and I had been friends for the better part of seven years, and in that time we'd talked about a variety of things, but somehow the size of each others' dicks never came up. 

"Sorry, dude. I mean, I'm not one to stereotype, but...seeing this...I guess it's true what they say about black guys."

"You're lucky I'm drunk right now or I'd stomp a mud hole in your ass," I mumbled as the sound of my pee began to dwindle. 

"That'll fuckin' be the day," he said. "Hurry up and put that python away before you put somebody's eye out."

Ryan was what I would call a "down" white boy. He dressed like the typical "yo boy" (e.g., young man with a thug-like mentality), wearing baggy clothes, baseball caps turned backwards, and he always wore the freshest tennis shoes, no matter the occasion. I've known lots of people of different races, and I have very many Caucasian friends, but Ryan was definitely the most "street" white boy I knew. I liked to tease him about it sometimes, and he often pretended that it got on his nerves, but I knew it really didn't. 

"You keep talking shit about my dick--let me see yours." I shook out the last few drops and flushed the toilet, pulling my shorts up but leaving my dick out. 

"See mine? No fuckin' way, Sean," he said. 

"Why not?" I asked.

"'Cause I'd feel...what's the word...?"

"Inadequate?"

"Fuck you! Inadequate?"

"Hey, you said it, not me." 

"I didn't say shit," Ryan said. "I asked you what's the word."

"Yeah, and I gave you the word," I said.

"Okay, maybe a little inadequate. Besides, why the fuck you wanna see my dick?"

"Hey, I could live without it, but since you're paying so much attention to mine..."

"Yeah, I saw yours, and I'm still seeing it. Put that fuckin' thing away, bro."

"You act like we've never seen each other naked before," I said. "Remember that chick in Miami last year? What was her name...Brandy...or...Mandy or something? We tag-teamed her and I don't remember either one of us having clothes on when we did it."

"Yeah, but that was different," Ryan said. "We were fucking her and the last thing we were thinking about was each other. Now back off, dude!"

"No," I said, walking toward him. "You brought it up, now here it is. Hanging out in all it's glory for the whole world to see." When I was within inches of him, he spoke up.

"Okay, okay, if I whip it out and show you would you just...fucking...quit it?"

"Mm-hm."

"Okay." He reached for the button of his denim shorts and unfastened it, then with one quick motion he undid the zipper and pushed his shorts down far enough so that his dick popped out. 

"It's no python--" I said.

"Hey!" Ryan blurted, cutting me off.

"But...you ain't got shit to be ashamed of."

"Damn right I don't."

I began to feel horny, and at first it scared me because, although I had entertained the thought of being with another man from time to time, I'd never acted on it, nor had I intended to. Ryan and I had done a lot of things together, but intimacy with each other was never one of them. I looked down at his dick in the dim light that came in from the hallway, and found myself becoming even more aroused. His dick was thick, cut, and hung about a good four flaccid inches, and at the base of the pink shaft was a tuft of unruly brown hair. He began to fasten his shorts and I stopped him.

"Wait." I reached out and gently grabbed his manhood, and he tensed and let out a small gasp.

"Sean. I know we're drunk as shit, but, what the fuck...?"

"What the fuck," I muttered. I reached for his hand and brought it to my own member, which was growing harder by the second. I thought he would slug me right then and there, or back away or something, but much to my surprise, he let me continue to work his cock in my hand, and he began to do the same to mine. I could feel his warm, alcohol-tinged breath on my face as his breathing came in shaky rasps. I had him backed against the wall, and I placed my free hand on the wall behind him to steady myself as his slow jerking became quicker, sturdier tugs. 

"We can't..." Ryan whispered.

"We already are."

I backed up slightly and knelt to the floor, pulling his shorts down to his knees. For a moment I looked up at him, thinking that maybe he was right. We couldn't do this. We were friends and only friends. Nothing more. His head was down and his eyes were closed, and had he protested further I wouldn't have gone through with it. I waited for him to open his eyes and tell me to get the fuck away, but he didn't. He didn't protest at all. I could hear his breathing coming hard--his chest rising and falling with every breath, and as I knelt there in front of him I watched his dick jumping as it grew. I knew that this was my confirmation that he wanted it as much as I did. What had been a good four inches when soft had grown into roughly 7 rock-hard inches of throbbing cock. I couldn't believe that I was seeing Ryan this way, but the feeling was too strong to back down now. I grabbed his boner and began to tug on it, relishing how warm and hard it felt in my hand. I opened my mouth and engulfed a little more than half of it, nearly gagging as his cock poked the back of my throat. Ryan let out a small grunt and I grabbed his naked ass cheeks, steadying myself and trying to maintain some sort of rhythm. I'd never gone down on a man before, but on that night I didn't exactly need an instruction manual. Besides, I'd been given head enough times to know exactly what to do and how to do it, and I went in with full gusto. 

Ryan smelled slightly musty--a mixture of cologne and sweat--and it was turning me on. I used one hand to steady his hard cock as I went down on it, and the other hand stayed on his left ass cheek. I slid my finger between the crack of his ass and Ryan's body stiffened.

"Stop," he whispered. 

I looked up at him and, though his mouth had said no, his eyes were saying yes. My finger found its way to his asshole, and as I began to gently massage it he let out a loud groan. I smiled, happy that he liked it, and went back to sucking his fully-engorged cock. I could feel my own nine-inch dick beginning to leak precum, so I reached down with the hand that had been wrapped around Ryan's cock and began to stroke myself. My shorts were in the way, so I clumsily kicked them off, not once taking my mouth from his dick.

My head was spinning with a million things. I was scared, elated and worked-up all at the same time. Ryan ground his ass into my finger as I sucked him off, and I knew that any reservations either one of us may have had were officially down the proverbial drain. 

"Fuck...oh...s-shit..." Ryan whispered as I began to deep-throat him. He was working his hips to the point of nearly face-fucking me, and I leaned my weight into him to keep him from choking me with his cock. I wanted to plunge my finger deeper into his warm asshole, but, not wanting to go too far too soon, I withdrew it and grabbed on to his ass cheek again. Ryan's moaning reminded me that the door was open a crack, so I reached over and quietly closed it to, turning the room almost pitch black. 

When I looked up again, I caught Ryan pinching his own nipples. He was really into it now, and without warning he grabbed the back of my head to force it down even harder on his cock. I began to gag as his member jabbed the back of my throat, withdrawing after a few moments to catch my breath. 

"Shit, man. You got skills," Ryan whispered. Moonlight came in through the bathroom window, allowing me to see that he was looking down at me with his eyes half-closed and just the tiniest smirk on his face. 

"You bet your ass I do," I said, then immediately went back to working his cock with my mouth. His knees buckled and he let out another groan and grabbed the back of my head to get his balance. I took hold of both of his ass cheeks and squeezed hard, and he let out another loud moan that I was almost sure would wake the entire floor. Moments later, I removed my mouth from his throbbing dick and made my way down to his nutsack. His balls had drawn close to his body from arousal, and I sucked at the right one until it popped into my mouth like a ripe cherry. He shivered as I nibbled and sucked on his ball--the hairs on his sack tickling my chin. I could feel them in my mouth as I worked his ball like a piece of candy.  

Figuring the other one needed attention, I quickly moved over to his left ball, giving it the same treatment. Ryan's shorts and boxers had slid down to his ankles by now, and he kicked them off and flung them effortlessly to the side with his foot. Before long I had taken his entire nutsack in my mouth and was sucking on it like there was no tomorrow, loving the salty taste of his manhood. He was grinding into my face with steady thrusts, and he was beginning to make guttural, incoherent noises. I knew it was because I was giving him a blowjob unlike one he'd ever had before. I grabbed his nuts and squeezed them softly, flicking at them with my tongue and biting at the warm, hairy flesh with a deliberate rough tenderness. His cock was beginning to soften a little from lack of attention, so I hurriedly went back to it, this time without a thought of my own gag reflexes. I engulfed it in one fell swoop, and within seconds it was rock-hard again and pulsating in my mouth. I began to beat my own cock again, and I could feel my own orgasm beginning to rise in my groin. I knew the end was near for both of us. 

"Sean, you're gonna fuckin' make me come," Ryan cried. He had a tight grip on my head and was face-fucking me with an even wilder, more reckless abandon than before. "You...mother...fucker... you're gonna make me...fuckin'...uhhhnnnh!"

I withdrew Ryan's cock from my mouth and jerked it ferociously. His body buckled as the first stream of his warm semen shot out and hit me square in the face. I wanted desperately to taste it, so I grabbed his ass with both hands and quickly swallowed his entire dick again, pressing him to my face as he shot off a second load that went straight down my throat. His body and moans quivered as he struggled to keep his footing, and as he shot a third load into my throat I felt myself shoot without even touching my dick. 

Adrenaline coursed through my veins and I could hear my own heartbeat pounding in my ears like a drum. As Ryan finished off in my mouth, I reached down and pumped out the last of my own explosive ejaculate, coating my hand in the process and making a mess on the floor. Ryan backed out of my mouth when I was done and his body hit up against the wall with a thud. He slid down slowly until he was in a squatting position and face to face with me, and for a while we just stared at each other--nothing more than two shadows slumped on the floor of a dark bathroom trying to catch our breath, and trying to get a grip on what we'd just done. I didn't know whether to laugh, or ask 'what the fuck just happened,' or grab him and kiss him. I wiped the come from my face, still feeling his warm load in the back of my throat. It left a thick and salty taste in my mouth, but I was anything but repulsed by it.

"Well that sobered me up," I quipped.

"Fuck yeah it did," said Ryan exhaustedly. "What just happened?"

"You mean I'm gonna have to explain it to you?" 

"I mean...we're drunk and all but...fuuuck! And you swallowed my nut. All of it. I can't believe you didn't--"

"Spit?"

He nodded and said, "I never got head like that in my life. It was...just...wow." 

"Well I've never given head to another dude, so we're pretty equal there." There was a brief silence and then, out of the blue, Ryan began to laugh. 

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"The best blow job I ever got and it was given to me by my boy!" Ryan was suddenly laughing so hard that he dropped to the floor, his naked ass making a quiet splat as it hit the tile. Annoyed by his laughter, I moved in and pinned him against the wall by pressing my arm into his neck. 

"You think it's funny, huh?" I said.

"Yeah, I do," he answered, his voice muffled by my chokehold. "Waitaminit...oh, shit!"

"What now?"

"I think I'm sitting in your come!" I let go and he quickly stood to his feet and scampered to get some toilet paper. "Aw, fuck, that's nasty!" Ryan said, wiping at his ass. He was still giggling, in spite of his apparent disgust.

"Hey," I said as I rose to my feet. "I swallowed your nut an you sat in mine. I'd say that's an even trade" Ryan wadded the soiled toilet paper into a ball and tossed it into the waste basket, then moved to pick up his shorts. "Listen," I continued, "You have to swear that this little...event...stays right here in this bathroom."

"What, did you think I was gonna run back home and make an announcement?"

"I don't know. Once you get a few drinks in you..."

"Hey, what happens in Amsterdam stays in Amsterdam, right?" 

"Exactly. And here you are, laughing 'cause you think it's funny. You weren't laughing when I was giving you that mad head. And you definitely wouldn't have been laughing if I'd have shoved this dick up your ass."

Ryan threw his shorts and underwear over his shoulder and smirked, saying, "That sounds like a threat to me."

"You know me well enough to know that I don't make threats," I said, stepping into my shorts.

"So, what are you saying?"

"You tell me."

Ryan looked at me a few seconds then walked towards the door, swinging it open and bringing in a flood of light. He left the bathroom, buck naked with his shorts slung over his shoulder, and I watched as he strutted confidently down the corridor towards our room. It was then that I realized that Ryan had quite an ass on him. That underneath the baggy clothes, he'd been hiding an impressive--a very impressive--bubble butt. Halfway down the hall, he turned around and motioned for me to follow him. I watched as he entered our room and left the door ajar, and just then I felt my dick jump. There was a tent growing in the front of my shorts, and I looked at it and then back at the door to our room, knowing full well what was about to come next. I took in a deep breath, exhaled, and said, "What the fuck..." 

Ryan had the small end table lamp turned on when I got back to our room, and he was stretched across the bottom bunk of our bunk bed--flat on his stomach and still naked. His eyes were focused on me as I came in and shut the door behind me. 

"Finally," he said.

"What do you mean, 'finally?' You were waiting for me?" 

"What do you think? I wanna see if you can back up your claim."

"You mean that you wouldn't laugh if I had my dick up your ass?"

"Yep."

"Are you serious?" I asked, sitting on the bed beside him.

"Well, I'm still feeling a little buzzed, but, I'm gonna say this. I've never been fucked by a guy before. Have I thought about it? Maybe. But I've never done it. And if there's anyone I'd rather do it with, it's you."

"I don't know what to say...I mean..."

"Don't say anything. Just...do."

"Just do, eh?" I said, and Ryan nodded. I reached into my pocket, pulled out a condom (I'm always prepared), and stood to take down my shorts. My cock, which was starting to grow again, popped out and bounced as my shorts came down past my hips and hit the floor with a thud. I began to jerk it, and when it was close to full mast I ripped the condom packet open with my teeth, spitting the remnants onto the floor. The lubed prophylactic slipped on with ease, and I finished getting naked by taking my shirt off and kicking my tennis shoes aside. I slipped into the bottom bunk and on top of Ryan, whose own dick was as hard as a rock, and for a moment I just laid there and looked into his eyes. 

"So, how do you wanna do this?" I asked.

"You mean you need instructions?" he joked. 

"No...you know what I mean."

He nudged me aside, got on all fours with his ass facing me, and looked back. 

"Remember how I said I've always thought about it?" he said.

"Mm hmm."

"Well, this is the way I always pictured it."

"You want me to hit it from the back?" I asked.

"You got it."

Without hesitation I moved to situate myself behind Ryan. A wave of nervousness suddenly washed over me, but this was definitely no time to chicken out. I figured this would be the perfect position for me to get a good look at that bubble butt of his while I pounded it home, and doggy style was certainly one of my favorite positions. 

Ryan tensed a bit as I aligned my dick at the base of his asshole, and I grabbed his hips to steady him as well as myself. 

"You ready?" I asked.

"Yeah," he whispered, and that was all it took. Ryan's hole was super-tight as I began to inch my way inside, but the slickness of the condom made it an easy task. He shifted his weight forward, burying his face in the softness of the mattress, and let out a stifled grunt.

"You okay?" I asked, and he nodded vigorously without speaking. I continued my way inside of him, not wanting to stop until I was at least halfway in. He gripped the bedspread until it was a balled up mess beneath us and arched his back, and I decided that this was as far inside as I would go until he relaxed a little. With slow and deliberate thrusts, I moved back and forth, savoring the feel of his virgin ass swallowing my cock and gripping it like a vise. 

"Ow!" Ryan cried suddenly, and I paused to let him gather his composure. I began to gently massage his back to let him know that it was alright, and he responded by allowing himself to push back even further on my rigid pole, but not without some vocal protesting. He went all the way back until his ass touched my pelvis, sinking my entire cock in one motion, and I was a little more than surprised. I also knew that he was finally allowing himself to let go. "Unggh! Oh..sshhiiitt...!" he cried as I bent my body over his and hastened my thrusts. I couldn't believe that I was actually fucking my best friend, and--what's more--enjoying it. I'd never fucked a woman in her ass before, because, for a long time I didn't think it was my thing. But Ryan's ass felt unlike any pussy I'd ever been inside of before. It was strange, yet familiar at the same. I was suddenly thankful that I had the condom on, because I knew that if I didn't, I'd have come three minutes ago. 
