 Yuuri and Minako stood behind the bar, readying syringes of jello shots for the evening shift. They still had a few hours before they opened. Christophe proceeded to parade through the club doors. His face spreading into a twisted grin as he looked Yuuri up and down, admiring his risque work ensemble.

"God damn." He said, sauntering up to Yuuri, cupping his ass briefly. "Wish you would wear something like this for me sometime. How's dancing coming? Ready to give me a demo?"

Yuuri chuckled softly, "No, not quite yet. I'm still figuring out how not to fall on my ass".

"Give yourself some credit," Minako said, "you only fell once yesterday, and you caught yourself before you hit the ground. We started working on hooks."

"Oooooo, see? I can't wait til he's doing all sorts of sexy stuff. It's too bad I can't ask for my own private session with you, Yuuri. Speaking of private sessions. Minako, don't you have one soon?"

"Yeah, Celestino will holler when they're here."

"Yuuri! How come you're here so early?" Phichit asked as he walked in. "You aren't scheduled until later." 

"Celestino told me to come in early." They both shrugged with confusion. 

"Alright, well thanks for helping with prep. I'm glad you're working tonight. Christophe is miserable when you're not on." 

"Phichit, don't go blabbing about my secret crush." Christophe whined. 

Phichit rolled his eyes, "Cause you're so subtle and shy." 

Yuuri giggled as the two bantered back and forth.

"Minako! Katsuki! You're up!"

The four of them looked around, confused. Confusion turned to dread as Yuri's eyes widened significantly.

"H-how? What?"

Celestino shrugged, "Someone asked for you. Is there a problem?"

"No, sir. I'll do my best."

"Who the fuck?" Minako questioned under her breath. Yuuri barely heard it.

They walked side by side to where the private sessions were held. One of Minako's regulars was already waiting for her, a stack of money on the table. She gave a apologetic glance back as she left him.

Yuuri walked around to the backside of the stage, looking for a customer. He stopped dead in his tracks when he spotted the top of a silver haired head peaking over one of the couches.

Fuck.

He took a few deep breaths as he tried his best to look calm. Cool as a cucumber. You totally didn't jizz your pants just from making out with this guy. What could possibly go wrong here?

"Uhh, Victor? Hi!" His voice came out an octave high... Possibly two octaves. Oh God.

"Yuuri! It's wonderful to see you!" He stood up from his seat, pulling Yuuri into a crushing hug.

"Heh... Yeah. Why, um..." Yuuri trailed off, not sure how to complete his question. Victor released his grip on Yuuri, letting them sit down across from each other.

"I wanted to see you again." He stated it so simply, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.

"You could have just came during bar hours... I don't do private sessions because I don't dance, yet."

"Yet?" His eyes sparkled, "I would like to see that. Also, I wanted to make sure I could talk with you about the other night."

Yuuri could feel the blood draining from his face. Fuck. He couldn't bring himself to look up.

"I was wondering if you would like to go out to dinner sometime."

Yuuri almost laughed. Excuse you? Could you repeat that? I'm positive that is not what you meant to say.

"Sorry, what?" He replied, still dumbfounded.

"Dinner. Perhaps this weekend?" He repeated.

"I work." Yuuri blurted before he could stop himself. Victor's smile didn't fade, but Yuuri noticed it was the kind of smile that didn't quite reach his eyes.

"Ah. I see." He spoke softly, picking at the corner of the napkin his drink sat upon. 

"I'm free tomorrow?"

A dazzling grin spread across Victor's face as he nodded enthusiastically. Why does he have to be so... sparkly?

"It's a date!" He stood and reached into his pocket to pull out a wad of cash, handing it to Yuuri. "For your time, I apologise for stealing you away. Do you... Do you mind if I stick around for a while?"

"Keep it. I'll let you tip me when you come see me dance. Feel free to stay, I'll bring you a drink?" Yuuri said smoothly, surprising himself a bit.

He nodded, eyes glinting with excitement as Yuuri returned to the bar, where Christophe waited, a strange expression on his face.

"Was that Victor? What did he want?" His tone wasn't unfriendly, but it lacked the usual enthusiasm that was so very Christophe-like.

"Oh uhh, he wanted to grab dinner sometime." Yuuri shrugged.

"I'm sure he did." He mumbled as he stalked off. Yuuri shrugged, trying not to think too much of it.

...

Kachu was buzzing with a steady flow of people soon after the doors opened. Lots of women showed up for the Wednesday ladies night special. They flirted and doted on Yuuri as he brought them drink after drink.

"Yuuuuriiiiiiii... You're SOOOOO nice. How come you don't have a boyfriend yet?! I'm gonna find you a boyfriend. You need a NICE BOY MAN!" One said, draping her arms over Yuuri.

"Let me know if you find one!" He chuckled as he took away their empty cups and bottles. "In the mean time, is there anything else I can get you ladies?"

"You can buy that lovely piece of man meat over there a drink." A girl with short black hair gestured to where Victor was sitting, idly playing with the condensation on his glass. When Yuuri looked over, Victor gave an enthusiastic wave.

"Oh my God! He likes you! Bring him a shot! Give him a lap dance!" She all but yelled as she threw a fist full of cash at Yuuri.

"You are incorrigible." He shook his head as he walked over to Victor.

He was still laughing as he approached. "The girls over there would like to buy you a drink, do you have a preference?"

"Hey, I paid for a lap dance too!" She yelled loudly.

Victor slipped his hands smoothly onto Yuuri's hips pulling him slowly onto his lap, so Yuuri was straddling one of the man's legs.

"Well, if the ladies demand..." Victor started. One of his hands slid over Yuuri's stomach with a $50 bill in-between their skin. He tucked it into the front of Yuuri's tight shorts before bringing his hand back to his hip. The girls at the table hooted and whooped.

"So, what can I get you?" Yuuri asked invitingly as he leaned back. He dug the money out of his bottoms and ran it slowly along Victor's neck. He tucked it inside his shirt and patted it gently, "On the house". 

Victor leaned in slowly to speak into Yuuri's ear.

"Then...a Vodka, please." His words were thick and drawn out. They rumbled in Yuuri's ear, sending shivers down his spine. His back arched involuntarily as the man pulled Yuuri's hips forward, grinding his crotch against him.

It took all his restraint not to let out a satisfied groan. Something about this man made Yuuri's body just purr. The way he touched, the way he moved, the way he spoke Yuuri's name... 

He nodded quickly, blushing as he climbed off the man to fetch his drink. He brought it back almost immediately, setting it down on the table. Victor slid two $20 bills towards Yuuri, before setting another $50 on top.

"Would you like to dance for me, Yuuri?" His words curled around the syllables seductively as he waited, invitingly with his dazzling blue eyes.

Yuuri bit his lip as he stared at the man, contemplating his offer. He wanted nothing more than to feel the Russian's large hands on him once again. He hadn't forgotten the kiss they shared less than a week ago. He had ached for his touch since that night, despite his embarrassment.

Feeling bold, Yuuri re-straddled the man's lap, reaching forward to pick up the glass of vodka. Their chests pressed together as he took a sip of Victor's drink. Probably wasn't the smartest idea but the momentary burning in his throat distracted from the increasing burning he felt in his groin. This job was becoming dangerous for a young and single virgin. This man in particular, threatened to completely destroy all of Yuuri's willpower.

Yuuri grinded his hips against the man, pelvises rocking together in time with the music. Yuuri danced while the rest of the club also heated up. It was nearing the peak of the night life. It wasn't long before both men were breathing heavily, massive bulges pressing against their pants. No matter Yuuri's movements, other than an occasional light touch on his hip, Victor hardly touched him. It was maddening. He was about two seconds away from having a repeat of their first encounter, his hips stuttered as he pulled away. He could feel his cock twitching in his tight shorts. 

The danced ended as the song faded out, leaving the two men breathless and tense. 

"Can I bring you anything else?" Yuuri asked as he lightly touched Victor's arm.

"Da. You can bring two vodka. One for me. One for you." Victor's eyes rested on Yuuri's lips, his pupils dialated with arousal.

"Two for you?" Yuuri teased. Victor's eyebrow cocked in amusement as he brought his fingers up to his beautiful mouth. 

Yuuri made his way back to the bar, poured two vodkas and restocked his shot tray. When he returned, he handed Victor his glass while holding his up to cheers. He clinked his glass to Yuuri's.

"За здоровье, for health."

"Cheers." Yuuri responded as he tapped his on the table before shooting it back. It burned down his throat and into his stomach, giving him a warm, fuzzy feeling.

"Thank you for the drink... and the dance." Yuuri said as he picked his tray up. Victor nodded once, watching Yuuri as he made his way back around the club.

Yuuri's body somehow became super intuned to Victor. Shivers vibrated from the base of his neck down his spine whenever he happened to glance his way. It wasn't hard to see that the Russian had taken a particular interest in Yuuri too, as he watched him intently for most of the night. However, Yuuri did his best to take no notice as he danced around the club, serving shots to the remaining guests.

Yuuri waited at end of the bar for some drinks a group of girls had ordered. One was fruity, with a lot of ingredients and the other was a simple rum and coke. Yuuri's chin was propped up on his palm, as he watched the bartender make the drinks. His butt stuck out a little as his hips swayed slightly with the music.

A large, warm hand crept up his thigh softly, causing Yuuri to startle. He turned to see Victor checking his body up and down. Feeling bold, he leaned back against the bar, allowing his vest to fall back, showing his bare chest. The rest of his uniform put himself on display. His semi-hard from earlier still poked at the spandex fabric, desperately wishing to spring free. He watched Victor stare at his torso for a long while before glancing lower. When he finally looked back up to meet Yuuri's eyes, he held out a small roll of money.

"For the dance." He murmured, Yuuri almost thought he saw him blush as he walked away, leaving the club.

...

Yuuri got ready to leave for the night. He changed and began sorting through his tips. The rolled up cash from Victor skidded across the floor as it fell out of his grip. When he grabbed it, he noticed a suspicious stiffness to it. He unrolled it, revealing a business card that read "Victor Nikiforov". It had a phone number and email address on it. On the back, a hurried scribble read, "AC Hotel Times Square, room 401". 

Yuuri chewed on his lip. Pondering the invitation. There was no doubt in his mind that he wanted to go.

He finished changing and placed his glasses back on his nose. It was a typical November weather. Large, fluffy snowflakes floated around before melting on the ground and the air was crisp. He pulled his coat closer as he walked to the hotel, which thankfully was nearby. He didn't bother calling the number. He wasn't sure how this was going to go and wanted to have an out if he didn't want to see him again. He did however, text Minako.

Meeting someone at AC hotel, don't judge me. 401 is the room number, in case I get murdered or something.

Sent at 2:43 AM

Then he shut off his phone and stuffed it in his bag. He didn't want to wait for her reply.

He arrived at the hotel and raced up the stairs. His cheeks and nose burned from the cold, droplets of melted snow on his glasses. His heart pattered quickly in his chest. He knocked. 

Oh god. Oh God.

The door opened within seconds of him knocking. Victor stood at the door, eyes wide and his chest bare. He looked surprised but took a step aside to let Yuuri into the room. Yuuri stood there awkwardly, not sure what to do. Victor shut the door slowly, clicking it shut, refusing to breaking eye contact.

"You came." He murmured. Yuuri nodded, taking a step towards him. Yuuri took his glasses off and set them on a shelf nearby. His hand came up to meet Victor's chest. Yuuri admired his slim, muscular waist with his fingertips as they traced up and down his sculpted stomach. Yuuri blushed as he eyed Victor's hips, admiring how they formed a sharp V leading downwards...

Victor leaned down, pulling Yuuri's mouth to his. Yuuri's arms wrapped around the taller man's neck, sliding his hands through the back of his surprisingly soft hair. It was gentle, at first. Victor's lips brushed softly against Yuuri's lips before dragging softly across his cheek and down his neck. Yuuri groaned with sudden desperation. He didn't want gentle. He wanted now. Gripping the back of Victor's hair, he pulled his head back up to Yuuri's so he could kiss him again with vigor. 

They kissed desperately, clinging to each other like a life line in the middle of the ocean. Victor placed kisses and gentle nips all up and down Yuuri's neck, sucking on the skin expertly. Yuuri moved to remove his own shirt. Victor's firm but gentle hands nudged his out of the way.

Victor fumbled with the buttons on Yuuri's shirt as he led him backwards, towards the hotel bed. Victor mumbled something in Russian that Yuuri didn't understand, as he gave up on Yuuri's difficult shirt. Instead, he gripped underneath Yuuri's thighs and lifted him off the ground, tossing him onto the bed.

Yuuri gasped with surprise, his eyes wide, as he bounced a little from the impact on the mattress. Yuuri propped himself up on his elbows, the top of his chest peeking out from his half opened shirt. Victor shucked off his pants before crawling over Yuuri, his knees on either side of Yuuri's hips.

As expected, Victor's dick was as beautiful as the rest of him. It was definitely longer and wider than his own, which was a solid 7 inches. Yuuri licked his lips as he eyed Victor up, noticing his slight upward curve. The head was a deep shade of pink that bobbed up and down as he grasped the sides of Yuuri's shirt and yanked it open, sending buttons flying across the floor. Yuuri should have been annoyed, as it was a newer shirt but Victor leaned down to plant kissing down Yuuri's neck and chest, sending him back into a panting, moaning frenzy, forgetting all about the shirt.

He kissed all over Yuuri's chest and stomach, his hips ground and jerked against Victor hungrily. Yuuri needed him; that thought in itself was terrifying. 

A small part of his brain still reminded him that it wasn't too late to stop. To put his clothes back on, walk out the door, and act like it never happened. But every touch on Yuuri's skin just reaffirmed that this was going to happen and he wanted nothing more.

Victor hooked his fingers around the waistband of Yuuri's pants, who obliged by lifting his hips up off the bed while Victor slid them off. The Russian's breath hitched as Yuuri's cock sprang free. He got off the bed to finish yanking Yuuri's pants off around his ankles before walking to the side of the bed slowly, dragging his fingers against the sheet as he went. He stared at Yuuri, unblinking.

Yuuri sat up, his torn shirt slid off of one of his shoulders. He knew he must look a mess, torn shirt, his hair slick with sweat, swollen and red lips... but he was comforted by Victor's matched appearance. He was still beautiful, even with his hair sticking out in crazy directions and his lips a pouty pink that twitched into a half smile as he leaned forward to latch his teeth onto Yuuri's nipple.

"Ahhh!" He squirmed and cried out. "Fuck!"

The Russian chuckled heartily as he soothed the wound with gentle licks and kisses. He pushed the remaining shirt back off Yuuri's shoulder, slipping it off onto the floor, finally rendering Yuuri as naked as him.

Victor reached down, grasping Yuuri's pulsing dick as they sat facing each other. Yuuri shuddered at the warm touch as he sank down onto the bed. Victor's expert hands quickly had Yuuri writhing on the bed, his arm stuffed in his mouth to stifle the horribly lewd sounds that threatened to come out.

Yuuri felt the mattress shift slightly as Victor leaned over to the bedside table. He rummaged for a moment before setting a small bottle and familiar square package on the surface.

Yuuri's chest clenched with uncertainty. You can still leave. You can tell him no. But those voices were quickly silenced as Victor grabbed the arm that was blocking Yuuri's mouth and face, raising it above his head alongside his other hand. Yuuri purred internally as Victor transferred both of Yuuri's wrists into one hand, holding him down as he reached for the small bottle.

Victor paused, leaning in only a hairsbreadth between their lips.

"This is okay?"

Yuuri felt his heart rapidly pounding in his chest as he nodded slowly. No turning back now.

He released Yuuri's wrists to spread some of the gel onto his fingers. With his other hand, he resumed rubbing Yuuri's dick slowly. His other hand nudged Yuur's thigh. Yuuri spread his legs to allow the man to lightly touch his entrance.

He shuddered with anticipation. Victor didn't make him wait long. He pressed gently against Yuuri's ass, a moment of resistance before Victor's finger slid in. 

The finger in his ass felt strange and uncomfortable but not unpleasant. Victor slowly pushed it in further, curling it to press against Yuuri's prostate, sending a jolting pleasure through his body. Yuuri's hand flew over his mouth a moment too late as a loud, gasping moan escaped his lips.

Victor's free hand reached up to remove his hand from his mouth, repositioning it above his head again as he snatched his other wrist up. His grasp was gentle, but when Yuuri pushed against the man's hand to test the hold, he found that his grasp while gentle, was also very strong.

"Ahhh..." He tried to stifle his lewd noises into his shoulder. Victor pulled his fingers back so he could add a second.

"Does this feel okay?" Victor's voice low and thick with accent as it curled around the words.

"Uh huh." Yuuri gasped as his back arched. He nodded frantically. "Yeah. It's good. It's really good."

Victor hummed in approval as he stretched Yuuri out slowly. His body slowly became accustomed to the fingers that scissored inside him. The man reduced Yuuri to a writhing, panting, mewling mess. It wasn't long before Yuuri was pressing back against Victor's hand eagerly, begging for sweet release. Victor released Yuuri's wrists and reached over to grab the little square packet, tearing it open with his teeth, before positioning himself between Yuuri's quivering legs.

There was a moment of pressure as Victor pressed against Yuuri's ring of muscles but they soon gave way, allowing him to enter slowly. Yuuri let out an embarrassing groan as he grabbed Victor's thighs tightly. His mouth still open, frozen in a silent gasp as he threw his head back into the pillow. The feeling was so intense, he felt like he couldn't breathe. The other man stilled his movements once he was inside, allowing Yuuri's body time to adjust.

Victor's large, gentle hands ran up and down Yuuri's sides soothingly. He pushed impossibly deeper inside Yuuri until he felt Victor's hips nestle against his ass. Victor rubbed small circles with his thumbs on Yuuri's hips. It was comforting. Yuuri wriggled against Victor, eliciting a small groan.
