 It was such a muggy classroom. It was humid and it was sticky in a heat wave in the middle of March. Logan was tired and hungover from the kegger the night before and all he could think about was getting back to his dorm room and sleep. He looked around at his fellow freshmen in the 9am economics class. There were quite a few of his buddies and a few disheveled looking girls who also were feeling the effects of last night's party.

The bell rang and Logan quickly stuffed his laptop into his bag and walked out of the building into the campus quad. 

"Hey Logan!" He turned around and saw Nate, a guy who lived on his floor of their dorm, who waved as he caught up to him.

"Are you heading back to Richmond?" Nate asked Logan, who nodded. They started walking across campus together, exchanging stories about the party the night before.

"At one point, I thought I was going to get lucky but then I got cock blocked," Nate said. "I was so annoyed and by the time I got home, I was too drunk to even do anything about it."

"Hey now, no need to tell me what you're going to do when you get into your room bud," Logan laughed. "I, on the other hand, had no problem last night getting what I needed." 

Nate grinned. "Lucky you. Was she hot?"

Logan nodded. "Like a Hoover." The guys laughed as they walked into their dorm building and towards the stairs. There were rules.. if you lived on the 6th floor and below, you had to use stairs since it was a 14 story dorm. Fair enough. 

Logan started climbing the stairs to the 6th floor and Nate filed in behind him. He glanced up and saw Logan's ass muscles showing through his sweatpants as he climbed the stairs. Involuntarily, Nate's cock gave a twitch as he thought about how he was cock blocked last night. There was a guy on the basketball team that would call Nate when he got very drunk and exercise his bicuriousities on him for a night. When he came over last night, he was so drunk he couldn't get hard and ended up passing out on the floor.

Nate examined Logan's six foot slender frame as he continued to climb the stairs and thought about how attractive Logan was with his messy brown hair and blue eyes. 

When they got to the 6th floor and opened the door, Nate asked if Logan wanted to go to his room and join him for a beer.

"It's a hangover cure..." Nate joked when Logan raised an eyebrow.

Nate opened the door to his room and invited Logan in to sit down at the desk while he took a seat on his bed. He reached over to the mini-fridge beside his bed and pulled out two beers. 

"This heat is intense.. and I hate that there's no air conditioning in this building." Nate commented as he handed Logan a beer.

"Yeah. I have a fan but it isn't doing much in this heat. So how are you finding life here so far?" Logan asked. He took a sip of his beer. The night before, he had gotten cornered by a girl named Anya who lived on the 3rd floor of their dorm. She had led him into a room in the house and attacked him with her mouth and hands.

Anya was a petite blonde who was on the cheerleading squad. Her tight body was a result of hours in the gym and being a social butterfly. Logan had met Anya at the freshman mixer and flirted a little bit before making out later that night. Nothing really came of that night but last night, Anya told him that she was "making up for not being more bold on the first night". She had a fantastic mouth and gave Logan one of the best blowjobs of his life that made him unload one of the largest loads of his life. 

He snapped back to reality to realize that Nate was rambling on about the economics class and being a freshman in general. 

"Hey man, are you ok? You look a little flushed and out of it." Nate asked. Logan quickly glanced at his hardening cock as he realized he had been thinking about last night with Anya. Nate saw this and followed Logan's eyes to the large bulge in his sweatpants, making his own pants tent out a little further as his cock stirred. 

They made eye contact and stared at each other for a second before Logan broke the gaze.

"I was just thinking about last night." Logan said.

Nate chuckled, "It seems like it wasn't enough given how you seem to still be having some issues." The air was getting hazier by the moment in the hot and humid dorm room. He leaned back against the wall that his bed was propped up against and purposely shifted to try to show his tenting sweatpants to Logan to see how he would react.

"Look man, I'm not gay." 

"Then why are your eyes glued to my crotch?" Logan didn't realize that this was exactly what he was doing.

"I'm going to go, thanks for the beer." Logan put the beer down on the desk.

Nate got up and walked over to Logan who was getting up from the desk chair and turned around to put his beer down on the desk. Nate put his hand on his shoulder. 

"I'm sorry man, I didn't make you to make you uncomfortable. I don't think you need to be gay or anything to have a good time." He slid his hand down Logan's back. 

Logan was frozen. He didn't know what to think. His cock was still stirring a bit and he didn't know what to do. The combination of the heat and the beer he just downed, mixed with some residual horny feelings from the night before made him paralyzed. 

Nate slid his hand to the front of Logan's sweatpants, pressing up behind him. Logan could feel Nate's cock rubbing against his ass through the thin fabric of his sweatpants. Nate's hand slowly crept towards Logan's bulge as he began to gently rub it up and down the length of his shaft. Logan's cock couldn't care less who was pleasuring it as it began to respond, his balls giving a small twitch as Nate continued to rub his cock. 

"Ok. I've never done this but this stays between us and I'm not going to let you fuck my ass or anything like that." Logan whispered to Nate, who took this as permission to slip his hands into Logan's sweatpants as he pulled his cock out through his boxers. Logan pulled off his sweatpants, standing there in his boxers letting Nate slowly jerk him off. Nate started grinding his cock against Logan's ass as his started picking up pace.

Logan's thick staff grew until he was almost completely hard when Nate turned him around and told him to lean against the desk. Nate sat down on the chair that he pulled directly in front of Logan's cock as he leaned forward and engulfed his entire member in his warm mouth. Logan gasped as Nate started sucking on his hard dick like he had never experienced before. Nate bobbed his head up and down Logan's hard member that was now fully hard and pointing straight up with all of its 10 inches. 

Nate reached down to rub his own aching hardon through his sweatpants but it only took a few seconds for him to realize that he needed to release his cock for some pleasure as well. He pulled out his raging hardon and kicked off his pants and shoes to the side of the room. Nate's right hand pumped his rock hard 9 inch thick cut veiny cock as pre-cum leaked out his purple mushroom tip. 

Logan was enjoying the skill of Nate's mouth as he started pumping his hips to meet the rhythym of his head bobbing. He picked up the pace and within twenty seconds, Logan's balls were slapping Nate's chin with every thrust of his cock down his throat. 

Nate moaned as he knew he was close to blowing his first load. His hand was pumping so fast that his hand was a blur and he shot out five ropes of creamy cum all over his stomach and legs. Logan didn't ever think he would find watching another guy shoot a load would turn him on but his cock twitched as his balls tightened and he started breathing heavier and heavier. 

"I'm going to cum. Fuck. I'm going to cum. Don't stop. Keep sucking me." Logan knew he was close as he grabbed the back of Nate's head and started ramming his cock faster into his mouth and then released four powerful ropes of cum down Nate's throat, coating his mouth and lips. 

Logan groaned as Nate finished sucking the last few drops out from Logan's cock. He pulled his cock out of Nate's mouth as Nate licked off the final drops from tip of his sensitive head. 

"You're still hard." Nate commented as his eyes were fixed only on Logan's cum coated dick that was still more than half hard. 

"I think I'm going to have to fuck the cum out of you." Nate grinned as he walked over to his bedside table and pulled out a condom and threw it towards Logan. Nate got onto the bed and laid down, and Logan got up from the desk and began to roll the condom onto his cock. 

Logan climbed into the bed and positioned himself in between Nate's legs, pushing them up so he had access to his hole. Nate was slowly jerking his cock that had grown hard again as he moved into position to allow Logan to enter him.

"I bet you my ass is tighter than any girl's pussy.. and I want you to fuck me with your big cock until you cum and you can't cum anymore." Nate said to Logan who was lubing up his cock. He pushed his cock slowly into Nate and gasped again. His ass was so tight that Logan almost came right away. 

Logan slowly pulled out his cock until he was almost out but he suddenly thrust his whole cock into Nate's ass who started moaning. 

"Fuck me. Fuck me until I cum."

That was more than enough encouragement for Logan who started to pump his cock in and out of Nate's hole. Logan's balls were slapping against Nate's ass with loud smacking sounds as the two guys started to hump each other in perfect sync. Their sticky bodies were making the entire experience hotter in every sense of the word.

Nate started jerking his cock faster and faster until Logan reached down and replaced Nate's hands with his own, yanking on his stiff cock and jerking him off to the same rhythm that he was fucking him. Nate started moaning louder and louder as Logan's grunts became shorter of breath as he fucked Nate into oblivion. Soon, Logan knew he wouldn't last long but he knew he had a lot in the tank so he let himself relax and shoot a small load into the condom.

Logan took his cock out of Nate's ass and pulled off the condom. He squeezed out the cum into his hands and resumed jerking Nate off with his own cum. His own cock was already covered with cum as he shifted so that he was jerking off both Nate's cock and his own using his own cum as lube. Nate couldn't last more than another two minutes as he started to moan that he was close to cumming. Without skipping a beat, Logan repositioned himself on the bed and slipped Nate's cock into his mouth right in time to get six spurts of salty cum down his throat. 

Logan sat up and spat the cum out of his mouth onto his own cock as he rubbed Nate's cum onto his cock that was still hard. He knew he needed one really good cum to empty his balls. He flipped Nate onto his stomach and made him put his ass in the air. 

"Do you have another condom?" Logan was rummaging through Nate's bedside table, pressing his cock into Nate's back. 

"No, fuck it. Just fuck me."

Logan's wish couldn't have come more true as he teased Nate's hole with the tip of his cock that was coated with a mixture of precum and Nate's cum. He slowly slipped the head of his dick into Nate's tight ass and slowly pumped in more of his cock with each thrust. 

"I want you to cum in my mouth" Nate said to Logan as he fucked his ass fast and hard. Nate's stiff dick was slapping his stomach with each thrust of Logan's cock into his hole. 

"I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum... fuck.. I'm going to cum" Logan couldn't control his cock as he shot two spurts of cum into Nate's ass before he could pull out. Nate flipped around so that they were in a 69 position. He clamped his mouth down on Logan's cock that was still cumming thick streams of creamy cum and began to suck him like he had never sucked anyone before, Logan ramming his cock into his mouth.

Nate's hard cock was pointing right in Logan's face and pre-cum was leaking out of it making his mushroom head glisten. Logan opened his mouth and slipped Nate's cock into his mouth and started sucking on it, taking Nate by complete surprise and as a result, his balls exploded as he started to cum uncontrollably while sucking the cum out of Logan's cock. 

Both guys fucked each other's mouths relentlessly trying to see who would be the first one to finish cumming. After what seemed like minutes of non stop cumming, the two guys pulled their mouths off each other's softening cocks and laid side by side on the bed. Cum was still dripping out of Nate's ass from when Logan accidentally came inside of him. 

"Mission accomplished. You're no longer hard." Nate winked at Logan.

"Thanks for that." Logan put on his clothes and walked towards the door. Nate was still laying on the bed rubbing his cum covered cock. "I think we're going to be seeing more of each other soon."

Nate smiled as Logan left the dorm, leaving him to think about all that was yet to come...