 Steam rose in thick curls to brush the ceiling of the shower cubicle as Sean washed away the creamy stains spoiling his smooth flesh. Hot water, almost too hot, reddened his normally pale skin and dripped from the strands of his dark hair. Sean had just closed his eyes and stepped under the spray, rinsing one last time, when he felt another pair of hands caress the sides of his chest. Rocking back on his heels, he felt Joserlin’s arousal as a rigidity against his backside. 

“You didn’t let me finish. Or did you really think that that was all that happened last night?” Jos whispered hoarsely into Sean’s ear. 

Sean moaned lightly as the roving hands made light passes over his own still hard sex. 

“Hmm… no, I hadn’t thought you’d believe that was all. You had to know that after tasting Mathew’s cum, I’d simply had to have more. I pushed him up onto the desk, and got him onto his hands and knees before I started to lick and suck on his balls.” Joserlin turned Sean around and kneeled down on the hard shower floor in front of his lover, starting to lick at his penis and balls. Placing soft kisses on the smooth skin of his thighs. “One after another,” Joserlin continued between licks, “I’d draw them into my mouth, roll my tongue around the hairy sacks, pull down on them just a bit.”

Sean gasped as Jos’ hot tongue worked its way further back and started circling his entrance. He played his fingers through his partner’s wet hair, encouraging more of this blessed torture. It was beyond his wildest fantasy for Joserlin to be here, doing such sweet things to him, while talking of his taking of young Mathew. 

“He went absolutely wild when I did that to him, Sean. I don’t think anyone had ever kissed him there, in that most secret of places. I’d had to brace him to keep him from falling off the desk… much like I’m trying to keep you from collapsing in this shower,” Jos laughed softly, “and when I forced my tongue inside him, you would have thought that he’d seen stars.” Jos’ hot slippery tongue pushed inside his partner, coaxing a whimpering moan from his lips. 

“So good.”

“Yes, Sean. I do know how you like this.”

“Don’t stop. Ever.”

“Never, love. I will never stop loving you; with my heart, my mind, my body, never.” With those words from Joserlin, Sean gasped and drew his lover up to his feet, unable to keep from kissing him for another second. 

“I love you too,” Sean murmured, when at last they had to break apart for air. 

Joserlin’s eyes flashed gold and he took Sean’s hand in his, while turning the water off with the other, and led him out of the shower. Carefully, he dried him off with the soft fluffy towel left nearby for just that purpose. As the fabric brushed against Sean’s ripe nipples, flat abdomen, and perfect arse, both men could feel themselves becoming even more aroused. Soon the towel was abandoned in favour of fingers and palms caressing smooth skin, and hot mouths sucking at each other’s lips. 

“That was when he begged me. Mathew actually begged me to take him, just because of how I had tongue fucked him into aching hardness,” Joserlin continued as he and Sean pressed their lengths together between the bellies. “He said he couldn’t take anymore and that he had to have me inside him before he came. How could I resist a plea like that? A former student, asking me to fuck him right in my own office, at the very school we had both attended. All my fantasies come true. 

“I grabbed my spare bottle of lube, the raspberry flavoured one that you made for me Sean, and slicked my fingers. I think he must have been contemplating this before hand as well, really. He was so open and ready for me. I was able to slide two fingers in right away. His position on the desk was perfect, and I was teasing his prostate in no time at all. I couldn’t get over how eager he was, and how excited his reactions were making me. It was almost as good as that first time we made love, Sean,” Jos continued into Sean’s upturned eyes from where Sean had sunk to lick and suck on his partner. 

Sean began to bathe the head of his prick in firm broad strokes, causing Joserlin to gasp for the breath to continue his story. “And when I finally sunk into him, he slid his legs out to the side and took me fully in with just the one thrust.”

“Hockey. Good. For. Something.” Sean managed around the firmness in his mouth. 

“Mmm. Yes, I suppose so. Of course, neither of us lasted long, what with him being so young, and the exquisite tightness of his channel when he orgasmed. God, Sean, I want to do him again. But even more than that, I want to watch you do him too. Can’t you just see him? Him spread open and so eager for you. Panting in lust. Can you feel him Sean? All that warm slick constriction around your penis?” 

Seeing Sean’s cock trembling against his stomach, Joserlin carefully pulled himself from the moist heat of Sean’s mouth and guided him to stand facing the wall. Removing the lube from the vanity over the sink, he coated his hand and his penis, braced himself, and entered Sean in one smooth movement. Stroking his already slicked hand around his partner’s dick, he waited for the gasps and moans to become more throaty, and for Sean to start pushing back against him. 

Joserlin made a couple of preliminary thrusts before pausing and correcting his angle, and when Sean started to whimper and beg for him to go faster, harder, deeper, rougher, he released his control and started fucking him with full force. 

“Oh fuck your hot. So hot. So tight. So perfect.”

“There. More. Now. Please.”

“Oh God, I love to hear you beg to me.”

“Never leave me.”

“More.”

“Oh yes. Like that. Exactly there.”

“Fuck. I could come from your voice alone. You are too fucking sexy for life.” Joserlin whispered, pressing Sean harder against the bathroom wall, nipping at the nape of his neck, suckling on his earlobe, until both were lost in the heat and fury of their lovemaking.

“Ah! There! Yes! Faster! Joserlin!”

“Can’t wait. Ahh! Sean!”

“I love you!” Sean cried out, as the inevitable force of their orgasms brought them crashing back to earth. Kissing passionately, they sank down the wall to rest, still entwined, on the bathroom floor. 

When Joserlin’s softening penis finally slipped free of his partner, Sean rose to the unavoidable and dampened a cloth to wipe them both clean. Tugging on Jos’ hand, he led him back into the bedroom to collapse on the king-sized bed. Sean smoothly climbed in behind his friend and partner, and pulled the duvet to cover them both before cuddling in close and taking Joserlin in his arms. 

“Goodnight, Jos.”

“Goodnight, Sean. I love you,” Joserlin said softly, as he fell into satiated sleep. 

Tears sprang unbidden to Sean’s eyes, at the tenderness voiced in those words. With his last conscious thought before joining his mate in slumber, he thanked God that he was finally no longer alone, and prayed that he might soon have the opportunity to watch Mathew and his Joserlin together.”