 From the very first time I did it, I loved jerking off. I did it often, as often as I could. I had some porn that I liked to get me started but I would let my mind wander and think of some of the girls from school or the memory of some porn that I had seen and it set me off. When I was getting ready to cum, I would look down at my dick and watch it shoot all over my stomach. I wondered what it tasted like, but after I came that thought would disappear and I didn't go any further.

In my junior year I started to really wonder, and I used to lean in closer but pulled back before it happened. I had gotten used to just watching my dick for the last part of jerking off, and sometimes right from the beginning and all the way through. I was getting able to gauge where I was and extend my orgasms for longer and longer by focusing on my dick. I like watching it as well, and enjoyed watching in the mirror as well as up close and personal.

When I first started doing it I bent over and tried to put it in my mouth but I wasn't flexible enough and my dick had not fully grown yet. Now it was much bigger, about 7 inches fully erect but I had not tried to suck it since then. I was enjoying bending over and getting close when I was coming and I did like getting as close as I could. I liked looking right at it when I knew it was going to come, and I began letting myself shoot all over my face and neck. I still didn't taste it, but it was fun to do. I tried getting as close as I could, and I was getting very flexible so I was almost right on it.

During one session, I was jerking as usual and getting close to my dick as usual to watch and it felt like I was closer than ever before. I stuck my tongue out and I could lick the spongy tip. I didn't expect to be able to reach, but the feeling was wonderful. I moved closer and I could lick all around the whole tip, and even close my mouth over the tip and a little more. It was so exciting to stroke and lick my dick that I lost control and started to build up an orgasm. I was losing myself in the feeling and I could taste the precum in my mouth and just kept going. I started to cum and shot the first jet deep into my mouth. It was the first time I tasted my own cum but I didn't stop to think about it. I just kept on sucking and stroking into my mouth as pulse after pulse of sticky cum shot into my mouth. I was swallowing and letting it run out of my mouth and over my hand and having some kind of cum bath in my mouth and face. I went from never tasting it to having a party with it. I still didn't stop to think about it, stroking myself to completion while rubbing my lips and tongue all over my dick as it shot again and again.

I sat up and tried to catch my breath. It was the most amazing orgasm that I had ever had. I wiped the cum from my face and thought about what had just happened. My dick was still standing at attention, so I went right back down on it. The sensation of getting a blowjob is amazing, and I was controlling it completely. I took my time and stroked slowly while bobbing up and down slowly on it. I could go down almost halfway before I could bend no more, and I did my very best on the half that I could work over. I rubbed my lips and tongue all over the head all the while stroking slowly. I stroked over the head and then went back down with my mouth covering the tip with a warmth and wetness that was more than I could hope for. I used my other hand to lightly stroke my balls and traced my middle finger over my taint and around my asshole. As soon as I touched my anus I felt another tingle coming from there too. I took my finger and put it in my mouth for some lubrication and scooped up some cum as well and put my finger back down against my anus. I had never stuck my finger in my ass before but it was a day of firsts. It felt so good as I shoved my middle finger in and I could feel my muscles flex around my finger as I was stroking my dick. I was on fire with lust and out of control. I started stroking and sucking with more and more purpose and started finger fucking my ass without any lube as the spit dried up so quickly. In just a few moments I started to feel the beginning of another orgasm. The sensation was so much that I wildly banged my fingers in my ass and I sucked and stroked my dick into my mouth. I came and came again into my mouth and throat and suddenly I had to pull off. I sat back in my chair trying to catch my breath. I pulled my fingers out of my ass as I could still feel the muscles contracting, but I kept my dick in my hand as the waves started to recede.

I sat there just trying to calm back down. I hoped that I had not made a lot of noise, I was in no position to try to explain myself. I had cum in my hair, on my face, neck, chest hands, legs and everywhere else. The hardest to explain would be the cum dripping from my chip and mouth. Clearly, I had just been eating cum. Even with the tip starting in my mouth, it shot like a fire hose from the newfound eroticism. A towel would not be enough. I needed a shower and a washcloth.

Over the next several weeks I perfected my technique. Bending became easier and I tried new positions to see what worked best. I didn't like to pull out when I was cumming and choosing a good position helped out immensely. I liked being on my back with my legs over my head. When I started to cum it was hard to just pull out. The problem was that it was painful to do often this way and I would up shooting cum everywhere. The good thing was how deep I could take my dick in my mouth and the position of my ass made it easy for me to stick my fingers in my ass. I didn't do that all the time, maybe one times out of five. It added a layer of work to pleasure that I didn't always want. Also, over the next weeks I found that I was able to sit and bend over like before but I could take more and more into my mouth. I thought I was becoming more flexible but it also looked like my dick was getting bigger. I wasn't jerking off at all anymore, I was blowing myself. Also, I was blowing myself every day. I couldn't masturbate several times a day like when I was jerking off, but 2 or 3 times a day of getting blowjobs was having an effect on my size. It was like my dick was reaching up more to get sucked. Awesome!

I also had pretty much abandoned porn during my sucking sessions. I would have liked to look at the fuck mags that I had but it was too hard to look at them and suck my dick, and since I loved sucking my dick from both giving and receiving aspects I had to fantasize about a cheerleader blowing me. I could get worked up looking at porn, and I love porn, but it was too good to not go down so that's that for now at least. I had some fantasies about blowing somebody else, which is normal given that fact that I was giving a blowjob every day. Blowing yourself isn't a gay act. It's fun. I was gaining an appreciation for penis, but I loved looking at women and really never thought about guys, even though my daily activities were dick oriented. 

One day, I was at my house getting it on with myself when my friend Mike came over. He was used to hanging around and let himself in. I wasn't expecting anybody or I wouldn't have started, and I got naked for it just to make cleanup easier. I was sitting in a chair facing the door, naked with a raging hardon and my mouth on my dick when he walked in. From that angle he had a full frontal of me and could probably even see my asshole. I sat up in a terror. It's bad enough to get caught masturbating, but what I was doing was over the line. I sat there for a second looking at him as I tried to figure out what to do and he froze at the door. Clearly he wasn't expecting to see me like this. My dick was still glistening from my mouth and it was as erect as it could get. The fact that I didn't even have any clothes on was the least of it.

I decided to be clever. I stood up and started towards my closet. "Hi Mike."

He still stood at the door, clearly not knowing what to do either. He should have probably gone out the door, but seeing me blow myself must have overwhelmed him a bit. "Uh, hi."

"Sorry about that. Just having some fun." I reached into my closet and pulled out a polo shirt and pulled it over my head. It got hung up as I was doing it, due to me being all kinds of nervous and my muscles were not inclined at that moment to start getting dressed. As it was over my head and I was having problems, I realized that I was facing Mike with my entire lower body exposed and my still very fucking hard dick facing him. Crap. Not good.

"What the hell?"

I knew this was coming as soon as the door opened. No way this was going to be okay. "Um, what," I said after getting my shirt over my head leaving just my dick out. I looked around trying to find shorts to at least cover up.

He said, "You can suck yourself?"

I found some shorts and pulled them on. Now I had a tent pole that was quickly fading. "Yeah. I found I could do it a couple of weeks ago."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. It's embarrassing as fuck, but fun when nobody is looking."

He smiled, "Do you know why a dog licks his balls? Because he can."

"That's about it."

We talked for just a minute more about it, and he told me that he was coming to see if I wanted to play some basketball with some of the other kids from school. I got dressed and we headed out and played for a couple of hours. I was hoping that wouldn't say anything but what the hell was I going to do? I was caught with my dick in my mouth, and that's hard to pass off as anything else. It's not like it was a dude, and I thought that maybe one of the ladies would be intrigued. Clearly my dick would have to be big enough to get down on it.

After the game we were walking back home and he said, "Listen, about before..."

I was hoping that it wouldn't come up, but here it was. "Yeah. I'm a bit freaked out about getting caught."

"I'm a bit freaked out about catching you." He pause, "How do you do it?"

Alright, he wants to talk about how he could do it too. If I told him it would probably be a secret. "Well, it took a bit of flexibility. And then once I got close enough I could try out different ways to do it."

"I'm not that flexible. I can get close, but I'm still about two inches away."

"Get the fuck out. You've been trying? I thought I was the only one."

He laughed, "I think everybody has tried to do it at least once, but I never heard of anyone getting it done."

"Well, I tried for a long time before I could do it, but here's the weird part. My dick has been growing since I started."

"Really?"

"I think that I'm having an effect on it and I'm actually getting longer."

"No shit. That's cool."

We walked the rest of the way home and didn't talk about it much more. We talked about Sally Cavanaugh's tits. They were coming in with a vengeance and was as large as any porn start I ever saw. The best part is that she loved them and was putting on quite a show with them, making the girls jealous and the guys hard. His house was closer than mine and as he was walking in I said, "Hey, could you do me a favor and not make a big deal about what I was doing?"

"Sure. I don't know what to say anyway."

Several days later mike caught up with me on the way home. "Hey, I want to ask you a question."

I said, "Sure, go ahead."

"It's a bit awkward," he shuffled his feet a bit, "but I wonder if you could teach me how to do that."

I knew I was off the hook and I could keep my secret somewhat, at least for now. I decided to make it difficult for him. "Do what?"

"That thing you were doing the other day."

"What was I doing? Hitting three point shots from the side?"

"No, that other thing."

He wanted me to jump in, but if he wanted to ask he actually had to ask. "What thing?"

He looked frustrated but I'm sure he knew what I was doing too. "You were blowing yourself. You were sucking your dick, okay?"

"You want me to teach you how to give yourself a blowjob?"

"Yeah. I've been trying and I can't reach. I'm sure I'm doing something wrong."

"So you want to suck your cock."

"Why do you keep saying it like that? It sounds gay and I'm not."

"I'm saying it like that because that's what it is. There's nothing wrong with it, but call it what it is. I suck my own dick. I give myself a blowjob. It's fucking awesome. I'll blow myself later. I'm really looking forward to it."

"Is it really awesome?"

"Absolutely. Showing you how may take some time and it might be awkward if someone catches us, but it's totally worth it."

"Okay. I got a chubby thinking about it. Let's go."

"Well, today is okay until 7, but I have to check my mom's work schedule to see when she's home or not. She works second shift and my dad works all over. I usually know when they'll be home but I will check to see for the next couple of weeks."

"Weeks! I didn't think it was going to take that long."

"First you have to get flexible. That may take a while or not. I don't have any clue. I'm not a gymnastics coach, nor do I regularly teach people how to start sucking themselves off."

"Okay. Fine."

I had to think about it for a minute, since I didn't have any idea how to get started. "Before we even think of starting, you have to make a serious promise to me. Noone can know."

"Believe me, I don't want anyone to know at all."

"Even if you can do it, don't tell a soul where you learned it from. No joke."

"Promise. I hope you don't tell anyone either. The last thing I want anyone to know is that I'm learning to..."

"Please say it. You're learning to...?"

"Suck my dick."

"No thanks, but maybe you can do your own. C'mon over."

We got back to my house and it was deserted. We had about 3 hours to ourselves for the lesson, though I didn't have any idea how to give a lesson. "Let's go back to my room. I can lock the door so we don't get surprised."

We went back to the back of the house and I locked the door, I told him to close the shades tight, and got undressed. He turned around and said, "what are you doing?"

I said, "I don't blow myself wearing clothes. Too much of a mess. What did you expect? Pictures and written test?"

"Well, I guess I didn't think about it in detail."

I stripped all the way down to nothing and said, "Okay, get naked."

"Really, I thought you were just going to show me."

"No. You want to learn, right?"

"Yes."

"Then strip." This will be our uniform for this."

He took off his clothes and stood with his hands covering his dick. I had no such reservations and never covered myself. Getting caught naked, even with a raging hard on was the least of my worries.

"Okay, show me what you're doing."

He looked a bit shy and hesitated. "Well, I was laying on my back..."

"No seriously, show me."

He got down on the floor, laid on his back and put his feet on the wall. He flipped his legs over his head and his dick was pointing straight at his face, with about three inches to go. He didn't look all the way hard to me, probably had to do with me standing naked next to him while he was in such a vulnerable position. I had tried that many times. "Have you tried sitting and doing it?"

He righted himself and said, "Lately I have. Especially after seeing you do it that way."

"Try it again."

He headed to my chair and waited for me to get out of the road. He clearly didn't want to cross swords, though for some reason I didn't care. He sat down and bent over but still had a ways to go. I said, "Put your hands under the seat and pull down to see how far you get." He grabbed under the seat and pulled but he was still three inches away.

"Okay." You have to stretch every day. Also, you have to stop jerking off every day. Every other day or less. You need to get flexible and really want it." 

"Okay. How should I be stretching?"

"Alternate between laying on your back and sitting down. Crunches and situps might help too. But you really have to want it too."

"What do you mean? Of course I want it. I'm here, naked with a naked guy. What else can I do?

"I mean, you have to want your dick in your mouth. You have to lust after it. That's how I got to bend over enough."

He looked at me sideways. "You lust after your dick?" I nodded. "Do you eat your own cum?"

I knew this question was coming and I was ready to answer without hesitation. "Well, it gets in my mouth, that can't be helped but I pull off. I'm not trying to get it in my mouth on purpose." That was a total lie. I loved it and attacked my cum with reckless abandon. Once the orgasm started I doubled my effort and didn't stop until I couldn't breathe anymore or I was done shooting. "Let's work on stretching out."

I laid down on my back and pitched my legs over like he just did. He laid down next to me and did the same. I said, "Try to touch the floor behind you." I could see him stretching but clearly it was starting to hurt. Meanwhile my dick was close to my face and I could just reach up and get it if I wanted. "Now, lift your head and flick your tongue out." He was clearly starting to get into it and his dick was rock hard pointing at his face.

"I can't reach."

"It takes time. Can you jerk off from that position? That's how I got started."

He grabbed his dick with his hand and started to stroke it slowly. I did the same as I watched. It was something that I never thought that I would see even in deviant type porn, but here it was happening in my bedroom. He looked over at me and I told him to focus on his dick. Just look at the head and relax. I told him to have a fantasy, but keep looking at the head of his dick while he was doing it. I watched as he relaxed a bit and got much closer and he stroked himself deliberately and slowly.

He looked over at me and said, "Can you do it from this angle?"

I put my feet closer to the floor and my dick was rubbing against my cheek. "Sure, see?" The feel of my dick and the scene unfolding before me was getting to be a bit much. I said, "If you don't mind I'm going to take care of something."

"What?"

"Well, while you are stroking and getting the hang of it, I'm going to blow myself."

I didn't wait for a response and turned to take my dick into my mouth. I sucked and licked slowly at first, but then reached up and started to stroke in a rhythm that I liked. I looked over at Mike and he turned away suddenly, but he was clearly watching and embarrassed about it. I pulled off and said, "You should watch. You're here to learn right?"

"Yeah, but..."

"Hey, it's hot to suck yourself off. You should see how I do it so you can have something to look forward to." I turned myself back and started up again. It was my first time today doing this, and it was an incredibly erotic experience and I felt myself starting to cum. When the first shot came I had lost myself a bit and took the whole thing down my throat, savoring the taste. I know that I told him that I didn't, and it was kind of a disappointment but I pulled off and stroked myself over my face and neck until I was done. I looked over and Mike had just pushed over the edge and he started to cum. The first rope landed on his cheek and it took him by surprise. He was trying to flip over when the second shot landed right in his mouth. I watched as he sat up in a hurry, but I also noticed that the cum that went in his mouth didn't come back out.

I said to him a little out of breath, "Did you taste it?"

"Yeah, I didn't expect to."

"It's not so bad. You get used to it. The orgasms are better if you stay on as long as you can."

"How often do you do this? I mean, how long do you think it will take?"

"I tell you what, you come over here when nobody is here and we'll practice. When you are home spend at least an hour a day getting flexible and it will happen before you know it."

He nodded in agreement and I asked him if he wanted a drink, and maybe to clean up. We got up and went into the kitchen and I gave him a towel. And poured us some ice tea from the fridge. I said, "Whenever you come over, we're just going spend the time naked and working on sucking dick." 
