 Roy Sharpe felt like his life was turning around, after having gone through a rough patch. Roy had gotten married a couple of years ago, and right after he made Mindy his bride, he lost his job as the economy tanked.

Now newly employed, Roy felt like a man once more. As a representative for a winery in the Finger Lakes region, Roy was hired to work all of the wine tastings and festivals in Eastern New York and New England, pouring samples and extolling the virtues of the products he was pushing.

The couple that owned the vineyard, Claude and Carly Persaud, had taken Roy under their wing and seemed to be quite fond of him, always telling him how pleased they were to find a young man so eager and willing to bust his butt for their company.

Although Roy had gone out on his own for a few shows, Claude told his young protege that he was going to go with Roy when he was going to work a few major wine festivals in the Saratoga Springs area in mid-September.

"It's close enough so I don't feel guilty leaving for a couple of days," Claude said when he told Roy of his plans. "If Carly needs me I can get back here within a few hours. Plus, I want to see how you work. You've been getting so many favorable comments about your presentation that I've got to see you for myself."

Since Roy liked Claude a lot, and looked up to his boss a great deal - not only physically but for his wealth of knowledge about wines in general - Roy welcomed the companionship. It was tough always being in strange cities, far away from his wife and alone. Having Claude with him would not only be a learning experience, Roy figured, but it would also help him cement his position in the firm.

*********

"Like they say," the man said. "You only rent it."

Roy had certainly noticed the man who had sidled up next to him at the trough urinal in the men's room at Gaffney's, the bar that Roy had been drinking at with his boss after the first wine tasting at the nearby performing arts center had ended.

Despite trying to ignore the person as he did his own business, Roy realized that old habits die hard as he found himself powerless to stop his eyes from drifting over as the man beside him relieved himself. The torrent of urine splattered noisily in the metal basin, but what Roy was looking at was the source of the spray.

The man had pulled out his manhood and after pulling and stretching it a couple of times, let it go after he began urinating. So captivated was Roy at the size of the man's cock that hung unsupported while the owner put his hands on the wall in front of him, that Roy hadn't noticed who it belonged to until he heard the deep bass voice of his employer resonate in the small bathroom.

"Uh - yeah, that's right," Roy mumbled, glancing up and feeling relieved when he saw that Claude was staring straight ahead, apparently unaware that Roy had been looking at his cock. Roy wiggled his dick and tucked in back in his pants quickly, turning and washing his hands before exiting the room and returning to the table in the outdoor garden that they had been drinking at.

"That was close," Roy whispered to himself as he went back and drained his rum and coke.

Claude was working his way through the crowd to get back to their table, and Roy couldn't help but look at his employer differently now. Funny after seeing another guy's private parts, Roy always looked at the man differently, he mused, still not believing what he had seen.

His employer was a big man indeed, Roy realized, figuring him to be about 6'4" and a fairly solid 225 pounds or so. It only figured that he would be big all over, but after getting a look at Claude like that, Roy knew that he would never forget what he had seen.

Even now, working his way through the crowded patio, Roy found himself picturing the middle-aged man naked, and hating himself for his weakness. Ever since he had been married, Roy had managed to keep these desires out of his mind, but now after an innocent glance, it was all coming back.

"Get a grip," Roy muttered to himself as Claude eased himself into the chair across from him, unable to keep from imagining that gigantic cock of his hidden under the clothing.

What would he have told Mindy if his employer caught him gawking at his penis and decided that he didn't want some queer working with him? Not that Roy considered himself gay, of course. His wife didn't know about his weakness. Hell, Mindy had been so innocent and naive when they met, that she had thought that giving a blow job had meant actually blowing on his dick. What would she say if Claude had caught him looking at his private parts like that?

"Sorry, babe. I got fired for staring at my boss while he was taking a leak," Roy imagined himself saying to his wife. "Yeah, it was a great job, but I've got this thing about big cocks, and Claude's was a whopper, so I stared at it and got canned."

No, that wouldn't do, Roy realized, so when Claude suggested they get back to the hotel so they would be ready for another long day tomorrow, he happily agreed.

"Yeah, I've had plenty enough to drink today," Roy told Claude as they walked up the street to the Hilton where they were staying.

**********

"Feel free to use the shower first," Claude told Roy after they got back to the room they were sharing. "I've got to call Carly and see how things are back at the homestead."

Roy nodded and took his things into the bathroom, closing and locking the door behind himself before stripping down. Standing in front of the toilet, Roy looked over at the full length mirror on the back of the door.

Mimicking the way Claude had been at the bar's urinal, Roy pulled on his dick a couple of times before he let go and stood there posing while letting his pee go.

"How come they always do that?" Roy whispered to himself as he looked at his reflection, before answering his own question. "Because they can."

Roy knew that you never saw guys built like himself standing there in public, brazenly flaunting their stuff. It was always the well endowed guys who stood there with their hands on their hips and showed the world what they had, and why not? Roy had seen his share of well hung guys in his life, but Claude's was something else altogether. 

Even Roy had to chuckle when he looked at himself, imagining what Claude would have thought if he had seen him just now in that pose and had gotten a glimpse of his tiny dick. He looked like Pee Wee Herman, for crying out loud.

In the shower, the warm spray felt refreshing, and after a minute or so, Roy noticed that he had been lathering himself very thoroughly in one particular area, causing his dick to become erect.

"Might as well do it now," Roy mumbled, setting down the soap and grabbing his dick between his thumb and index finger, because he knew he could never get to sleep feeling like this.

Roy stroked his dick, which had blossomed to its full five inches rapidly, while imagining being in bed with Mindy, but the image didn't take, because no matter how hard he tried, Roy kept seeing Claude.

How big was Claude when he got hard? Roy couldn't keep himself from wondering as he worked his hand up and down his slippery organ. From what he had seen of it flaccid, when erect it would have to be an even more impressive sight. Having met Carly, Claude's wife, who was a petite woman much like his own Mindy, Roy shuddered when he thought of the gigantic Claude mounting her with that prodigious organ in an aroused state.

Who knows, Roy thought. Claude's an old guy - probably in his early 50's. Maybe he couldn't even get it up anymore, Roy theorized momentarily, before dismissing the notion. Bullshit. Claude was all man. Roy could spot that a mile away. That confident demeanor of his employer let the whole world know that he was a real man's man and not some wimp.

For instance, Claude would never be standing in a hotel room shower like he was; jacking off while fantasizing about another guys cock, dreaming about kneeling in front of him and skinning back the foreskin on that massive organ and taking it into his mouth, and letting him grab his head and skull-fuck him until he came, bathing his throat with a tsunami of cum.

Roy found himself leaning against the shower wall as his cum spat onto the tiles, and after he stopped shaking he made sure that there was no evidence of his self-abuse before stepping out and drying off, before getting his pajamas on.

***********

When Roy emerged from the bathroom Claude was on the phone, talking to his wife. His boss was naked except for a towel tied around his waist. Luckily Claude had his back to him, so Roy went over to the bed closest to the wall and slipped under the covers. 

Claude's legs were long and fairly smooth, which was a definite contrast to his upper torso. Claude had a thick coat of hair on his chest, black sprinkled with a little gray, and even had some hair on his back.

He was in good shape for a guy his age, Roy noted. A bit thick around the middle, but his shoulders were broad and muscular, and his arms were well defined and solid, with faint traces of an old tattoo on his bicep barely visible through the hair that covered it.

Roy closed his eyes as Claude ended his call, ashamed of himself for what he was thinking. There he was, a 24 year old married man, checking out a man twice his age. A man, no less! If Claude knew what was going on in his head he would think he was gay or something.

On the other side of that bathroom door, Roy heard the shower being turned on. Claude was stepping behind the curtain now, letting the spray rain over his body. Because he was so tall Claude probably had to stoop down to get his head wet, and Roy imagined that the big man was probably cramped in that tiny stall.

Mr. Loomis had been tall too, Roy reflected. Probably just as tall as Claude, even if he wasn't as burly looking. He was the scout master who had taken Roy on a special hike to a secluded lake in the mountains.

"To get away from the kids," Mr. Loomis had said. "Give us men a chance to be alone. Maybe we'll discover something new and exciting."

Roy remembered how scared he was when Mr. Loomis had suggested they skinny dip at the desolate lake, and when he saw Mr. Loomis naked Roy tried to get out of disrobing as well.

"We're both men," Mr. Loomis said when he saw Roy staring at his private parts with his mouth open and his eyes bulging, and after Ross had gotten naked he remembered how nice the older man had been. 

"No reason to be ashamed of yourself," Mr. Loomis had said, his eyes sparkling as he watched Roy strip down. "You're quite a handsome young man."

"Your dick is so big," Roy remembered saying, not believing the size of the penis that swayed so lazily between the man's legs, and while it had been impressive, in retrospect it wasn't all that extraordinary. Nothing like Claude's, that was for sure.

"That's not very important, you know. Oh heck, you'll probably be as big as I am some day - probably bigger," Mr. Loomis had assured him. 

That hadn't happened, of course, Roy knew, but it didn't really matter during that special summer. Mr. Loomis was patient and caring, and loved him in every way possible, teaching Roy the pleasures that only two men can share.

There had been other men after Mr. Loomis, and not all of them so nice, but Roy found himself helpless to resist when they came on to him, and come on to him they did. It was like Roy had a sign on his back announcing how easy he was.

When he had met Mindy, Roy had found a way out of that life. Mindy liked him, and he liked Mindy as well. She wasn't demanding, and because she had lived such a sheltered life she didn't really have anybody to compare Roy with, and that comforted him a great deal.

The thump that accompanied Claude turning off the shower jolted Ross out of his reminiscing, and he threw the sheet up over his head and closed his eyes and tried to get to sleep.

The door of the bathroom opened up a moment later, and Roy found himself unable to resist squinting from his vantage point as his employer made a dramatic entrance into the room, the steam from the bathroom billowing behind Claude as he strode into the room.

Claude was toweling what little hair remained on his head, fearlessly walking into the room fully exposed. Roy gasped when he saw Claude naked, because that glimpse of Claude's penis in the men's room was only a hint at how incredibly well-endowed Claude was.

What Roy noticed first was that Claude had apparently removed the pubic hair from the perimeter of the base of his cock. Roy himself had done that a few times, when Mindy had complained that his pubic hair would get stuck between her teeth, but there was no way any mouth could get near the base of Claude's member for that to happen.

The stump might be a better word to describe the base of Claude's penis, because while his cock became somewhat normal in thickness as it tapered down to the glans, the girth of the stump of his cock was stunning, with the sinewy roots and veins disappearing along the way to the tip.

The impression of the ridge of the bulbous glans was visible through the foreskin, which was long and completely shrouded the head of his manhood, depriving Roy of a glimpse of it, but Roy had seen enough.

When Claude turned toward the dresser, Roy took the opportunity to quietly turn toward the wall and try once again to drop off, although his dick was so hard that Roy knew that he would be heading to the bathroom to relieve himself as soon as Claude fell asleep.

**********

Roy wasn't sure whether he had fallen asleep or not, but when the cool air hit his back, his eyes popped wide open. The sheet had been pulled down, and then the bed shook, as if a 6'4" 200-plus pound man had just climbed onto the queen-size mattress along with him.

Roy felt his heart begin to race out of control as the bed wobbled with the inching over of his employer until the warmth of Claude's torso was against his protege's backside.

"You're so tense," Roy heard Claude whispered huskily into his ear. "Relax."

"Mr. Persaud?" Roy began to say, but Claude cut him off.

"Claude," the older man said, correcting Ross as his hand came up to the younger man's shoulder and slid around. "We aren't working now."

"Claude. You're - we're married men," Roy protested as he felt Claude's fingers undoing the top buttons of his pajama top, and Roy shivered when Clause's hand slip inside of the shirt.

"I know we're wearing rings," Claude said, her long, plump fingers sliding over the young man's smooth chest and finding his nipple, tweaking the small bud while he nuzzled into Roy's neck. "We both also know that it's all for show. I know what you really want."

"Please," Roy whimpered, feeling his nipple prick up in response to Claude's touch.

"I guess your wife doesn't know about you yet," Claude said. "She will in time. They usually find out. My Carly knows - hell, when we interviewed you she told me what kind of guy you were just by talking to you. She's got a sixth sense about things like that. You can't keep it a secret forever. Matter-of-fact, I was just telling her about you when you were in the shower."

Roy made a choking sound as Claude's fingers deftly undid the rest of the buttons on his pajama top, and Claude chuckled at Ross and his terrified reaction.

"I told Carly that I showed you my cock in the bathroom of that pub. Told her that she was right about you, and that when you looked over at my cock you practically got whiplash. She suspected you liked dick the first time she met you."

"I didn't mean to look," Roy protested. "It was just a..."

"You wanted to look," Claude said. "Although I did love you trying not to. That really turned me on. And you liked what you saw, didn't you?"

"Claude," Roy whined, cringing when he felt the pulling at the top of his pajama bottom, and the clicking sound when the snap opened echoed in the room.

"Let's see what you were trying so hard to hide back there in that men's room," Claude said softly, opening the folds of the pajamas and letting his fingers slide down Roy's lower stomach. "Mmmm... you've only got a little hair down there, don't you? Do you shave down there? No? It feels so silky and soft."

Roy groaned as he felt Claude's hand toying with his pubic hair, pulling and twirling the modest tuft of curls while his body shuddered. Ross felt his dick shriveling up and trying to retreat into his body the closer Claude got to it.

"You're not scared, are you?" Claude said softly, continuing to tease the area around Roy's dick without going any lower. "Do you want me to stop?

Just say the word and I will."

"I didn't think so," Claude continued after a long moment of silence, and with agonizing slowness, his hand left the nest of pubic hair and went lower.

Roy whimpered when he felt Claude's fingers on his dick, a sharp contrast to the purring or growling noise his employer made after he found what he was looking for.

"Found a peanut," Claude said with a snort when his fingers got hold of the shriveled dick his hand had been seeking.

"Mmmm... nice," Claude sighed, sinking his teeth gently into the earlobe he had been whispering toward and leaning into the shivering body of his employee. "Don't be scared. I like what I'm holding. Let's get you situated."

Roy felt Claude's hand on his shoulder, pulling him onto his back. His pajama bottoms were being tugged lower and then Claude's fingers were holding his dick again, pulling on it in an attempt to get him hard.

"Relax," Claude suggested, and in the semi-darkness he saw the young man had his eyes closed and a pained expression on his face.

The older man moved onto his knees, his objective clear. His mouth took in the modest stem, bringing his mouth up and down hard on the toadstool while his undulating fingers rolled Roy's nuts around.

Claude felt the dick in his mouth begin to lengthen and thicken, slowly at first and then surging when his tongue began to work on it as he sucked on it passionately. The older man was pleased when he took his mouth away for a second to see what he had done, and the sight of little monolith straining for the ceiling made him smile.

Claude cupped the rigid dick in his palm and pulled it up toward the owner's belly as his face swooped down. Taking first one nut, and then the other in his mouth, Claude rolled the little nuggets in his mouth individually before opening wide and taking in the entire sac. 

Roy squirmed around as his nuts churned around in Claude's mouth, pulling at the sheets while looking down at his employer practically inhaling his scrotum. Their eyes met in the murky light, and when they did Claude's head came up from between Roy's thighs.

"I know what you want," Claude said, letting go of Ross and moving up to the head of the bed on his knees, the hand that had been holding Ross now on his own manhood, pulling on the elongated cock and bringing it up to the face of his protege. "Here you go."

Claude's fingers peeled back the foreskin, exposing the bell-shaped glans that had a reddish brown hue a few shades lighter than the dusky hue of the rest of the organ. Claude rubbed the tip against the lips of the younger man until they parted.

"That's it," Claude sighed as Roy took the head of his member into his mouth, the younger man's eyes widening as Claude eased more of his dick in. "That's my boy. That's my little cocksucker."

*******

Roy tried not to gag as Claude coaxed more of his enormous organ into the younger man's mouth, Claude chuckling as he felt his protege's reluctance disappear as soon as his cock met Roy's lips.

"That's it, Roy boy," Claude said, pulling his member out from between the eager lips and dropping it on the younger man's forehead and offering him his balls. "Work my nuts too."
