 I can't believe this happened to me. Until yesterday I was just an average guy married with two kids, an 8-5 Monday through Friday job living in the suburbs with two cars and a mortgage. It all started when our 18 year old son had a friend over. 

It was getting late so I started to get ready for bed. As I was walking past his room I looked through his open door. I could not believe what I saw. There he was on his knees sucking Billy. Going to town on his dick I was in shock but I could not take my eyes off of it. 

Then I got my composure and went to get my wife so she could see what her son was doing. When we got back to the doorway of his room he was still going at it. I could not believe my wife's reaction she just stood there and started to breath heavily then she reached over and started to feel my crouch when she felt my hardening dick. She looked up at me and gave me a wicked smile. As we watched my son suck his friend my mouth began to water and my lips started to tingle and my dick was rock hard. My wife noticed my reaction to this and she started to play with my dick and moved closer to me rubbing her body against mine. We then noticed Billy to stiffen up and he let out a low grunt and we knew he was coming. What surprised us was that our son stayed down on his friends dick sucking him with each spasm when Billy was done coming our son swallowed his load down with out spilling a drop. 

My wife and I then retired back to our bedroom to discuss what had just happened. We could not resist and started to make passionate love to each other. When we were through we talked about our son some more. 

She said, "That was so hot. I had no idea male to male sex could be so hot." Then she asked, "Have you ever When you were Billy's age."

I said, "No." 

Then she asked, "What did you think of it?" 

I just said, " I was surprised by my reaction." In truth I was too embarrassed to admit that it really turned me on and that I would like to try sucking at least once. 

We agreed we should talk to our son about his new found interest and that we should also talk to Billy's parents. Since Billy's dad and I were fishing buddies I agreed to be the one to talk to his dad about it the next day. 

The next day I met with Billy's dad while we were working in his garage. 

I just said, "I caught our boys playing with each other the last night and that you should know. 

His reaction surprised me in that he said, "So that is normal for boys their age, I'm not going to worry about it." 

"Have you ever do anything like that when you were their sons age?" I asked. 

He looked at me and said, "Of course." 

Then I asked "You mean you have sucked your friends off?" 

His openness really surprised me when he said "Yeah" 

Then I asked the real big one and said, "Did you like it?"

When he said, "Yes" it floored me. 

Then I could not help my self and asked, "Would you do it again?"

He said, "Sure why not."

Then he asked me if I ever did anything like that and I just said, "No." 

Then he asked for all the details of what happened last night and I told him . 

Then he asked, "What did you think of it?"

I said, "In a strange way it turned me on." 

I couldn't believe what he did next he stepped toward me and felt my crotch and said, "I guess it did." 

He undid my pants and pulled them down and got on his knees and started sucking me. Man he was good he got me off in no time. I could not believe it when he swallowed my load before he took my dick out of his mouth. 

Then he undid his pants and with out a word I got down on my knees and started to suck him. I was working the shaft with my lips and tongue. Then he grabbed my head with both hands and started to thrust his hips. Moving his cock in and out of my mouth. His cock swelled and got even harder and his body stiffened. He held my head as his cock filled my mouth. With out thinking I just swallowed it down. I stood up and said, "wow." We finished up cleaning his garage. 

Then we went in to the house to get a drink of water before I went home. When we got in to the kitchen I saw my wife there talking with Billy's mom. I looked at her and asked, "What are you two talking about?" 

"Nothing important we can talk about it later." my wife said. 

I finished my glass of ice water and thanked Billy's dad for our chat and said, "You really enlightened me to a new view point of view." 

He just looked at me and smiled. Then I asked my wife, "Are you ready to go home because we have some things to talk about before dinner?" "Sure in just a minute," she said.

Then we started walking home. On our way she asked, "What it was we had to talk about?" 

I just said it was what Billy's dad and I talked about and it could wait till we got home. She smiled and said, "I can't wait to hear it then we continued on our way home."