 I wrote this one at the request of a tall southern guy who wonders, ten years after a close encounter in college, what life would be like if he could play outside his marriage. This story is fiction inspired by the fantasies of a real man. This is Part 1 of 2. 

*****

It started when he caught me staring while he did squats.

I'd gotten home from a work trip late that afternoon and the last thing I'd wanted to do was lift, but my wife had insisted. She was going, and she knew I'd regret it the next day if I didn't. So we drove down to the college where she worked and made our way across campus to the gym.

We'd only been there for about twenty minutes when I spotted him. I was resting between sets when his lean body caught my eye in the mirror wall. He wore black compression pants with red trim that ran up the inside of his legs and converged on his crotch, turning his bulge into a bright red beacon. I watched him off and on between sets as he moved around the room. When he ended up right in front of me facing the mirror wall, I stopped between chest flyes to admire him. I couldn't see his face while he was standing, but I did have a perfect view of his tight, round ass as he started lowering into squats, so I stopped and watched his thighs strain and his glutes tighten. I imagined what it would be like to be under him, to watch those two globes of muscle descend on me and slide down over my dick. Would he be tight? Would he lean both hands on my chest while he rode me? How would those muscular thighs feel against my sides as he rolled back and forth on my lap?

I watched him through each of his sets, counting his reps in my head, until he sank down into his last squat and held it. I was still staring at his ass, wondering what it felt like to have that fabric stretching and sliding over bare skin-was he wearing underwear? Could he feel it sliding over his asshole?-when I realized he wasn't moving. Without thinking, I looked over his shoulder to check his expression in the mirror, ready to take the bar from his shoulder if he looked like he was struggling. A little jolt shot through my chest when our eyes met and I realized he'd been watching me-watching me as I watched him. He held my gaze for a moment, winked, then slowly, slowly, pushed back up out of his squat.

As soon as his rising shoulder broke our eye contact in the mirror I stood and walked away. I didn't know whether my half-hard dick was visible against the mesh of my basketball shorts, but I figured it was better to show a little bulge to a mostly empty gym than to be sitting there when he turned around.

A combination of guilt and embarrassment drove me to the other side of the room where my wife was jogging alone in the middle of a long bank of treadmills. When I stepped onto the machine next to hers she glanced at my reflection in the big window in front of us. She frowned slightly, but didn't take her earbuds out to ask why I'd abandoned my routine. Relieved, I leaned into a light jog. I'd just take a few minutes, I figured, clear my head, then get back to lifting.

I was usually better about keeping my eyes to myself. I didn't want to be the creepy husband who used his wife's campus gym membership to ogle the college students. But this guy was different. He didn't look like one of the undergrad athletes. He looked a little older, in his late twenties or early thirties, closer to my age, and somehow that had made him a safer place to rest my eyes. He looked more like a peer, a buddy, someone I could have a beer with. I could see us talking about all the girls we couldn't have because we were married-or, after a few more drinks, all the boys.

As I ran, the early winter light faded from the sky and the window in front of me grew more opaque and reflective. I used it to scan the room behind me, trying to see where the object of my lust had gone. I hoped he was at the end of his workout already in the locker room, but I spotted him almost immediately. He was looking right at me, walking in my direction.

My heart thundered as he stepped onto the treadmill next to me. I stared straight ahead, stonefaced, and listened to the machine's tiny beeps as he selected a speed. He started slow, just walking, and in my peripheral vision I saw him turn to look at me. Not just a glance, but a long, considering look.

I checked my wife's reflection and was relieved to see her lost in her music, staring straight ahead. But I knew that couldn't last. She'd notice eventually that this stacked guy in tights was staring at me. Not knowing what else to do, I steeled myself and looked over at him.

He met my eye, smiled slightly, and cocked an eyebrow. He was beautiful. He had dark stubble covering his chiseled features and shocking blue eyes. Exhilarated by the attention, the obvious interest, I gave him a tight lipped smile and faced forward again-but not before lust and curiosity dragged my eyes down his body to his ass, which was standing out below his t-shirt like a shelf.

I heard him laugh quietly. Mortified, I looked to his reflection in the window and watched his smile widen into a grin.

"Ok," he said quietly, his deep voice just loud enough to carry over the sound of the machines. "You can play hard to get."

I watched him step backward off his treadmill, more disappointed than relieved to see him go. But he didn't turn to leave. He stood at the end of his treadmill, crossed his arms over his stomach, and peeled his shirt off.

An involuntary grunt of appreciation filled my throat as he stepped back onto his machine. He had dense shoulders, a flat stomach ridged with muscle, and a light dusting of hair all over his tanned chest. I tried not to stare too long at his reflection in the window, but his smile let me know I'd failed. Another of his winks made my dick twitch.

He increased the speed on his machine until he matched my pace exactly, stride for stride. Sensing a challenge, I sped up. He followed. When I slowed down, so did he. He chased me up and down for about ten minutes, and a smile began to creep onto my face each time he caught up and the sound of his foot strikes disappeared into mine. It was a strangely intimate kind of public flirting, and it felt good to be pursued, even with my wife running just a few feet away. Or maybe because she was.

I wished, not for the first time, that I could take a man home. I'd had just one brief encounter with a guy during college and I hadn't had the nerve to take full advantage of the opportunity. I'd gotten cold feet halfway through a locker room blow job and never had another opportunity like it. After I got married I thought my wife and I might one day work our way toward finding a third, and for years I'd fantasized about the ways three bodies could fit together, onto each other, into each other. I imagined how my wife might make room for him in our bed, how we could share the experiences I'd always dreamed about.

But she wouldn't. I knew that. She'd sometimes put a finger I'm my ass during a blow job, but that was as adventurous as she got.

I looked over at the man running next to me, his skin tight leggings revealing more of his body than they concealed. In that movement I knew, as well as I'd ever known anything in my life, that if I could have either of them right then and there, if I could choose to explore one of them with my lips, my hands, my tongue, it wouldn't be my wife.

A strange sense of calm settled over me as I rolled that understanding around in my head. It felt good, liberating, and I decided to act before my conviction faded.

I looked over at the reflection of my wife in the window and pointed at the left side of my face. When she noticed, she pulled the music from her right ear.

"My trip really took it out of me," I said. "I'm wiped. I think I'll just hit the sauna."

She just nodded, put her ear bud back in, and disappeared into her music again.

I waited a few seconds before I turned slightly toward my half naked admirer.

"Don't follow right away," I said.

He raised an eyebrow and looked at my wife's reflection. When I didn't say anything else, he shrugged.

I made it to the locker room without running and without looking over my shoulder to see if he was following. The locker room was empty, quiet, and as I stood in front of my locker listening for footsteps, an anxious part of me wondered if I was about to ruin my marriage.

The rest of me vibrated with excitement and my dick tented my shorts.

I sat down on the bench, stood up, sat down again. I wondered whether he was coming and I wondered whether I'd have the courage to do all the things I wanted to do.

My one and only experience with a guy had been in a locker room that looked almost exactly the same. During college I'd supervised the lifeguards at the pool and on a bathroom break I'd gone into the locker room because those toilets were closer. I'd played sports all my life, seen plenty of naked guys and never been interested before, but something about that encounter had been different. I'd seen movement in the corner of my eye and turned to look at the only guy who'd been in there changing. He'd looked right back. He was completely naked and something about the way he was standing there, all muscle and smooth naked skin, watching me like he knew immediately what we were going to do, cranked something inside me to life. I didn't stop then, and I didn't stop on my way back from the bathrooms when I saw him sitting on the bench waiting for me, long, massive dick in his hand. But I did stop in the hallway leading back to the pool. I could feel him back there, the heat of his hard body and his long dick, inviting me to explore something I'd never known I'd wanted. So I went back and I sat down next to him. While he kept stroking he asked if I liked what I saw. I told him I did. He put his hands on my steel hard erection and told me I could do whatever I wanted.

I would have laughed if someone had asked me that morning if I thought I'd suck a dick that day, but as soon as I heard the invitation, I leaned down and pulled that head into my mouth.

I didn't know what I was doing and he was huge, but I did my best and I loved it. I loved the sounds he made and the way he put his hand on the back of my head. I wanted to know what it was like to have a guy finish in my mouth, but I was too nervous, too exposed, to help him get there. A co-worker or anyone else could have come in at anytime. I stood up, wiped my mouth, and told him to meet me at the front entrance when my shift was over. He had, but when I saw him the adrenaline of it first encounter had worn off and I was too nervous. I walked right past him, got in my car, and spent the next ten years wondering what I'd missed out on.

This time would be different.

I jumped when I heard footsteps approaching and I sat up a little straighter when he appeared at the end of the bench. He was carrying his shirt and I could see the slight sheen of sweat glistening on his stomach beneath his dark hair.

"Hey," he said.

"Hi."

I didn't know what else to say, so I let my eyes drift down the to the bright red bulge of his compression pants.

He smiled and leaned casually on one hip. "You like what you see?"

I nodded and my stomach did a little flop as I remembered how that half finished blow job had started ten years earlier.

He was still smiling when he spoke again.

"Does your friend know you're cruising when you work out together?"

"Wife," I said.

I hadn't meant to say it, didn't need to say it, but after years of marriage it came out automatically. I suppressed a cringe and waited for his reaction.

He cocked an eyebrow. "Really."

"She doesn't know," I said. "About anything. About me." I hadn't meant to say that either, but there it was, hanging between us. I swallowed a sigh. Things weren't going the way I'd hoped and it'd only been about thirty seconds.

"Hm," he said.

He took a step closer. I'd been looking him in the eye, but as that bulge approached, as that flat, hairy stomach got closer, I couldn't look at anything else.

"And how often do you do this?"

This? What was this, I wondered. What was he going to let me do? What was he about to do to me?

I shook my head.

"Never," I said. Then I licked my lips. "Just once. In college."

When the bulge stopped about two feet from my face, I looked up. I couldn't quite read the expression on his face.

"Seriously?"

I shrugged, looked at the half hard dick showing through his lycra, then back up into his eyes. He smiled a broad, beautiful, toothy smile.

"Well shit," he said, almost to himself.

Before I could say anything else he positioned himself between my face and the locker in front out me. Leaning his back against the metal, he rolled his hips forward until the bright red fabric that covered his lengthening dick was less than a foot from my face.

"Take it out," he said.

Slowly, as the silence of the locker room pressed in on us, I reached up and put a hand on each of his hips. I let his body heat soak through the slick fabric into my palms before I dug my fingertips into his waistband. As my heart hammered, I pulled, slowly peeling his compression pants down to reveal a short thatch of hair and the root of his dick. I paused, surprised by the thickness of it, and when he spoke I could hear the smile in his voice.

"Keeping going."

With a tug, I pulled his pants down over his ass and his dick sprang free. It was long and thick, with a slight upward curve and a round, fat head. I could feel the heat of his crotch radiating against my face as I stared at it.

"Touch it," he said. His voice was soft but firm, encouraging.

Licking my lips again, I wrapped a hand around his shaft. Wondering at the hardness of it, I squeezed gently and slid my hand up toward the head.

"That's it," he said. "Stroke it."

I worked his shaft slowly, methodically, until a I heard him sigh.

"That's good," he said.

A shiny bead of pre-come appeared at the end of his dick. I kept stroking, watching that little drop grow bigger, until he drifted a few fingers through my hair.

"Taste it," he said.

I'd wanted to take his shaft into my mouth as soon as I'd seen it, so I leaned forward and licked his head. The skin was warm and smooth and his pre-come had a slightly salty tang. I swallowed it before wrapping my lips around his head and sucking gently. 

I heard him sigh above me again.

"That's it," he said. "Suck it. Take as much as you can."

He put a hand on the back of my head, but I was already sliding forward to the edge of the bench so I could work my lips farther down his shaft. Keeping one hand wrapped around the base, I reached up with my other hand and cupped his balls. I squeezed gently as I sucked, trying to keep my lips tight and my teeth clear. When I found a comfortable rhythm he responded by rolling his hips forward to meet my mouth.

I could have spent all night there between his legs sucking those little tastes of salty sweetness from the end of his dick. I loved the smell of him. The masculine aroma of heat and sweat rising from his dark curls was intoxicating, and each time he made a little noise deep in his throat my dick twitched.

As his thrusts became more urgent I began to think that maybe we'd finish right there against the lockers. The last time I'd had a dick in my mouth I hadn't had the courage see things through, but as his moans grew louder I stopped worrying that someone would walk in and started wondering what it would be like to have him unload in my mouth. Would I be able to swallow it all? I wanted to. I wanted to know what it was like to feel him exploding onto my tongue, jet after jet. I wanted to know what it felt like, what it tasted like, to have a mouth full of come.

I'd only barely had the thought when a burst of laughter and conversation shattered the silence around us. I froze as I listened to a swinging door squeak and a group of voices make their way toward us. They might have caught us like that, him with his pants down around his thighs and me with a mouth full of dick, but he shoved gently at my forehead, yanked his pants up over his ass, and sat quickly on the bench next to me. He barely had time to settle his shirt over his exposed hard on before a group of three guys rounded the corner and saw us. All three stopped and smiled broadly.

"Coach Hartness!"

The man who'd just had his dick in my mouth smiled back and lifted a hand.

"Hey boys," he said.

I resisted the urge to wipe my mouth while they made small talk. My face felt shiny with a combination of spit and pre-come, but I was terrified they'd see the gesture, my flushed face, my anxious posture, and guess what we'd just been doing. I sat quietly until the half naked man next to me waved again at the three sweaty, athletic looking figures.

"I'll see you guys later," he said as he leaned into me with his shoulder. "I've got some catching up to do with a friend."

When they'd moved on, he rubbed at his face with both hands.

"That was close, yeah?"

I nodded, not sure what to say. I was relieved but as the anxiety drained from my chest I realized we probably weren't going to get to finish. My stomach dropped and I suppressed a sigh.

"I'm Dylan, by the way."

He leaned close until our shoulders touched again and held out his hand. I shook it, introduced myself, and waited. I didn't want to be the one to break the spell by getting up and walking away if there might be some way we could salvage the situation.

"Listen," Dylan said, his voice hushed. "I'm supervising a training session with some of the guys from my team in about fifteen minutes, but I'm not gonna be able to go anywhere unless I take care of this thing." Dylan lifted his shirt to reveal his dick, still throbbing and pointing straight out at the lockers. "Think you can finish what you started?"

I licked my lips and nodded, but couldn't help cocking my head in the direction of the laughter echoing from the showers.

"I'm close," Dylan said. "It'll be quick. Just let me use your mouth and we'll be done before anyone else comes by."

I nodded again, shocked into silence by the phrase, "use your mouth," but eager to see what he meant.

After another quick look around he was on his feet standing close between my knees. He put a hand on the back of my head and his dick, hot and slightly sticky, pressed against my cheek just next to my mouth. I leaned back and reached up to grip his shaft in my fist, but he knocked my hand away.

"Let me do it," he said, his voice hushed. "Just relax and keep your lips around my dick."

I gripped the edge of the bench under me with both hands to keep myself steady while he held my head still and began to piston his thick dick in and out of my mouth. He started slowly, but when I didn't complain he sped up. Soon his balls were painting my chin with the saliva he was dragging in and out of my mouth. I tried to listen for the sound of other people approaching, but Dylan and his hard, powerful body demanded all my attention. I abandoned myself to the experience, to this man who wanted to use me until he came.

When he climaxed, the only warning I had was a strangled grunt before he leaned over and pressed his stomach against my forehead. He fucked himself up into my mouth twice more, then twitched his hips helplessly as he exploded.

The first spurt hit the roof my mouth and I jumped. The second pulsed against my tongue as I swallowed reflexively. For the third and fourth I relaxed my mouth and held my breath and by the time he finished my mouth was full. I leaned forward as he pulled out a few moments later, sucking as he retreated so his load wouldn't spill out onto my lap. I held it for a moment, surprised by the warmth and the sheer volume of it, before I carefully swallowed it all at once. I tried to keep my face expressionless as I savored the salty, slightly bitter aftertaste.
