 (This is the 3rd part of a continuing story where events were gradually turning me more and more towards bisexuality. Reading parts 1 & 2 is advised.) 

***

After that first cock-sucking session with Harry there was no stopping my hunger for his cock!

The thing is, I was not at all attracted to men in any way, not their bodies, their faces, their mannerisms, nothing. I loved women in all shapes and colours and dated and played around with them as much as was possible in those days, but the very thought of cock, actually of Harry's thick, hot ten-inch, cut, cock was enough for me to get a hard on. 

But yes, I had to admit I had started to loved cocks!

Harry and I kept meeting for heated sessions as often as possible. 

Once about four or five of us went to a holiday beach camp nearby for a couple of days. We had rented a bungalow where we would all sleep in the 3 bedrooms, each with two single beds. It was a great first day. Beach, swimming, barbeque and beer and lolling around taking in the sun and the view of bikini-ed girls who would also join us. 

On this particular evening we had more or less paired off. I was with a slim blonde called Natasha, lying back on the still-warm sand as the bonfire we had lit died down, letting the night darkness hide our surreptitious fondling and heavy kissing.

Natasha and I were going at it and I had managed to slip my hand under her bra top, holding a firm young tit adorned with a stiff pink nipple that stood to attention when my tongue licked it.

"Bite it a bit." she breathed.

I did, gently, making her squirm with pleasure.

"Your cock is so hard." she said as she felt me press it against her body.

She pressed against me and despite her bikini bottom and my Speedos, I could feel her heat and she, mine.

"Touch it. Touch how hard I am for you." I urged her.

Her hand slipped inside and she held it, squeezed it and pumped it as best she could. It was a great feeling and I wanted to share it with her even more. My hand went to her mound. It was damp from her juices, soaking the material of her bikini. I wanted to slip my fingers inside, I wanted to slide them into her young, trimmed cunt and get her hot enough that we could have a discrete fuck in the open on this dark night on the beach.

Around us were other couples doing the same thing. I could hear whispered conversations and the occasional grunts and sighs announcing the pleasures each was enjoying.

Just then I felt a hand on my bum!

I could not turn around as Natasha and I were too engrossed in kissing and playing with each other. But I knew Harry was there, behind me, with a big-busted, older woman, a waitress he had snagged. Apparently, they had played with each other as much as they could and had both cum and were relaxing and hugging just next to Natasha and me.

Harry continued to touch my bum discretely. 

The waitress must have dozed off and Natasha was too engrossed feeing my finger enter her very wet cunt.

I could not turn around. I did not want to spoil the surreptitious session I was having, and Harry realised it. So he took advantage and slipped the side of the Speedo from my bum, leaving half my bum exposed to his seeking fingers. Natasha was humping my hand; I was humping hers where my cock was being wanked by hers.

Behind me, Harry's hands parted my bum cheeks and he slipped a long middle finger, apparently lubed by the waitress's pussy juices, into my own hole.

"Ah!" I breathed, as his finger entered me deeper than ever before.

Natasha asked in a hoarse whisper: "Sorry, did I hurt you?" 

"No, no. Keep wanking me, don't stop." I replied. 

Behind me I could hear Harry sniggering quietly. I moved around as much as I could, which was not much. I did not want Natasha to stop or to realise she was being helped in pleasuring me, but I wanted more of Harry's finger deeper into me. I was pushing forwards into Natasha's hand and back fucking myself in Harry's stiff, hard finger. 

I had never felt such intense pleasure before.

"You really like it, huh?" she asked, not knowing what was going in behind me.

"Yes, Natasha, I love what you are doing to me."

"Push deeper into me." she said. 

Damn, that is what I wanted Harry to do too! 

He was finger-fucking my virgin ass and I was loving it. 

The double pleasure was so intense!

I did not dare say a word so I kissed Natasha, I kissed her violently, deeply, my tongue lashing against hers as I pushed back into Harry's finger which was now starting to give me even more pleasure than Natasha's hand on my cock.

"I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!" she whispered.

"Yes Natasha, cum, baby, cum with my finger inside you." I encouraged her. 

I wanted to stop finger fucking her cunt so I could move back more into Harry's finger and cum from the immense pleasure it was giving me.

"Ah." with a sigh Natasha's body jerked once, twice and she came wetting my hand between the now loosening grip of her thighs. 

She leaned back, her hand disinterested now in my own erection, and closed her eyes. I used the opportunity and whipped my Speedos down a bit, letting my cock free and wanking it myself. That gave Harry the space he needed to part my bum cheeks and thrust a second finger deep into me.

In a soft whisper he said: "This is a boy-pussy and it is now mine!"

Yes, yes, I wanted to tell him as I even raised my leg to give him more room. 

"Fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy!" I whispered back. 

I do not know if he heard me, I could not let the girls realise Harry was raping my boy-pussy, but l was loving it and about to cum.

And then I did cum and it was from deep inside my body, not like a normal wank but from somewhere between my cock and my bum and it was a soaring, flowing cum that left me sated there on the sand.

I was still recovering when Harry pushed up my Speedos and said: "This is what you like and I will soon be fucking you with this cock of mine you so love."

I said nothing. I closed my eyes and stayed next to Natasha. I did not want to think about what had just happened. I knew I had had the biggest orgasm of my young life, and it was not her doing. It was Harry who had made me cum from finger-fucking my ass. 

Where was this leading to?

What if I liked what Harry was doing to me more than girls?

But wait. Harry was not forcing me to do anything, was he?

What would he want of me next time?