 This follows on from "In the Beginning" and "Next Steps". This describes my exploration of sex with another man. 

******

It was a few months before I got the chance to return to Rob's place. In the interim we continued to have erotic exchanges by internet and phone. We were finally able to identify a morning when we could get together. It had featured in some of our cyber sex that we would hook up after I had been in the gym. This had obviously stuck in Rob's mind as he had a request as to what I should wear. He wanted me in my sweat pants and a t-shirt as if I had just come from a workout. 

So I set off for his place with a semi hard cock in a pair of jogging trousers, with nothing on underneath. This time he gave me his postcode so I was able to get straight there. Once more I found myself in his front room. This time there was not even an attempt at small talk and no hesitancy, I just got down on my knees, opened his jeans and fished his hard cock out of his flies. 

This was a scene I had pictured so often, me on my knees, confidently sucking another man's penis. I could smell the mix of some perfumed scent and the unmistakable aroma of masculine sex. I revelled at the feeling of engulfing his hard shaft in my mouth and simultaneously wanking him as I bathed his cock with my saliva. 

After a while he pulled me to my feet and kissed me deeply, passionately. I reciprocated, more for him if I am honest. I just wanted his cock. As we kissed he dipped his hand into my pants and caressed my cock. He did not wank it but merely trailed his fingertips along my hard length and over my balls. I thrust my tongue deep into his mouth in appreciation of the sensations he was causing. 

As before, he broke off the kiss and led me to his bedroom. Whilst I remained clothed I removed all his clothes and got on my knees once again. Instead of just going immediately to suck him I licked the tip of his penis. He moaned as I pulled back his foreskin and licked around the head. I looked up and could see the expression of lust on his face as I teased him with my tongue. 

"Get on the bed Jay," he told me, "I am going to fuck your face."

I climbed on the bed but he directed me away from the pillows and told me to lie with my head at the end of the bed. 

He stood over me as I lay looking up at him. He grasped my head in his hands and guided his cock to my lips. 

"That's it," he coaxed, "take my cock, cocksucker."

With that he pushed himself into my mouth. I formed the tightest seal I could around him as he began to slowly thrust into my mouth. Soon he picked up his pace. 

"Oh yeah, I am really fucking your face now and you love it don't you?" The dirty talk tumbled out of his lips as he used my mouth. 

And he was right. I did love it. This felt incredible. Him using my face like this. Fucking my face. The room filled with the sound of him thrusting into me and my muffled moans of appreciation as he did so. 

"Fuck I can see the damp patch on the front of your pants," he moaned. I could feel that my cock was oozing in the soft fabric of the joggers I was wearing. 

He reached forward and pulled the front of my pants down just enough to let my cock spring out. My t-shirt was already pulled up around my chest. As he fucked my face the motion of him thrusting into my mouth caused by erection to bounce around in time with his movements. 

He leant forward a touch more and licked my shaft. This was so erotic. It was such a sensual and dirty thing. His cock buried in my mouth, him touching my cock. I just could not contain myself. With just two or three strokes of my cock I had one of the most powerful orgasms of my life. Spunk erupted all over my stomach and t-shirt. 

After I had finished cumming he pulled his cock from my mouth and climbed onto the bed. I moved between his thighs and grasped hold of his penis. I stroked him a few times and as I did I moved so I was lying next to him. 

He pushed my head back down and I needed no invitation to take his dick back into my mouth. I bobbed my head up and down, stimulating him with my lips and tongue. I ran my hand over his balls. I remember thinking to myself I could do this all day long. 

"I am going to cum, Jay," he warned. 

At last. What I wanted. 

"I want to cum on your face you cocksucking slut," he moaned. I knew this was one of the things we had talked about. 

I stopped sucking him and started to wank his cock. Suddenly I felt his hand firmly on the back of my head and he pushed my head forcefully towards his erection just as it shot the first ropes of cum. They splashed across my face as he moaned my name. 

I wanted more of this. I was going to have more of this. This time when I left I did not feel I had been selfish. I had enjoyed one of the most erotic experiences of my life. I just wanted more. And I got it...