 It's not like I had that much sex before my divorce. My wife was never really into it and, frankly, with her cold-fish approach, it didn't do that much for me either. So for most of my life, my sex life has consisted of beating off once a week or so. I've just never been one of those guys who's much good at getting what he wants, never really have been much good at speaking up for myself. I guess that's why I've had the same crappy job for 20 years. Good old Ted. Everybody loves me 'cause I do all the shit no one else wants to, take all the lousy hours on holidays, never complain. Just my nature, I guess. I'd always hoped that someday my ex would actually want to have sex with me, maybe take charge a little, show me what she wanted. That was my fantasy. Right up until the day she told me, "Look, Ted, you're a really nice guy and all, but I need more out of life" and handed me the papers.

Had a hard time since then, even beating off. She's the only woman I'd ever been with, but it's hard to fantasize about someone who's dumped you after 15 years of marriage, especially when she takes up with a guy you know and you hear through the grapevine that he's bragging about what a great lay she is. Just one more thing I never did right, I guess.

So I hadn't cum in better than a month. I'd get horny, start beating off, the usual fantasy, but then that would always turn into her and him and I go soft. Hell of a thing. Starting to get to me, though. Fucking blue balls, like I was back in high school. 

Then I'm driving home from work one night and up on the right I see Central Street Adult Books. Driven past it a million times, never been in there. I've never really looked at porn much, a few magazines back when I was in high school, and the guys had a porn film at my bachelor party, but that was kind of embarrassing, watching some girl getting fucked with all these guys standing around. These two guys from work that had kinda crashed the party, guys I didn't know that well, they started having a contest, standing there beating off, trying to see who could cum first. A mess of the other guys joined in, pretty soon there a dozen guys with their cocks out, stroking away, giving each other shit, all of them trying to get me to join in. I didn't. Something about that made me feel really, I dunno, weird. I just watched. 

Anyway, the bookstore is up ahead, the fantasy with my ex wasn't working for me anymore, and I really wanted to get my rocks off, so I figured maybe I could find something in the bookstore that would float my boat. Figured it was worth a shot anyway. Not like I was married anymore, I guess I had the right.

So I pulled in.

I walked in the door, started heading for the magazine rack, when the guy behind the counter stopped me.

"Got a $5 browsing fee, man. Refundable against your purchase, or you can just take tokens for the back."

"What's in the back?" I asked.

He gave me that what-a-dumbass look that I'm pretty used to. "Video booths."

He had the stack of tokens right there on the counter, so that seemed like the easiest way to end the conversation. I handed him a five, put the tokens in my jacket pocket, and headed over to check out the magazines.

The front of the store was actually pretty small - a rack of magazines, a rack with some sex toys and things on it, a few racks of videos. I was surprised because the building was fairly long. I guess the booths in the back took up most of the room. I flipped through a few of the magazines, mostly all the same stuff. Girls sucking guys, girls getting fucked, some group stuff. Kind of depressing for me because the pictures reminded me of something else, too. I definitely wasn't one of those guys.

When I was in high school, I was always one of the smallest guys, always a little embarrassed in the shower in gym class. All the other guys getting taller, filling out, getting hairier. My mom kept telling me "Don't worry honey, you'll hit your growth spurt eventually." Yeah, a couple inches junior year. Topped out at 5'6" and even though I've never really exercised much and don't pay any attention to what I eat, I only weigh 135 pounds.

And another thing. Those cocks in the magazines? I don't have one of those either. Or even an average one, probably. I guess every guy has measured his cock at some point. Mine's not quite six inches and not real thick, either. One of the reasons I didn't join the circle jerk at the bachelor party. Pretty clear I would have had the smallest dick there, and something about being around other guys when they were naked, or even when they just had there cocks out, always made me feel funny.

Anyway, the magazines weren't doing anything for me. I was going to leave when I remembered the tokens in my pocket. Figured what the hell, might as well at least check out the videos.

I went through the door with the sign over it that said VIDEOS. Dark as hell back there, had to stop for a minute, let my eyes adjust. Long hallway, doors on both sides. There were little lights over the doors, some of them lit, most of them not. I guess the ones that were lit were the ones someone was already using. There were a few guys loitering in the hallway. 

Down toward the end, there were a series of booths with all the lights out. No one was loitering there, so I headed down that way. I knew I'd be in the booth alone, but I really didn't want to be around anyone. As I got to the end of the hallway, I realized there was a corner, with a few more booths to the right. Even darker down that way, so dark I didn't see the guy I bumped into, partly because he was all dressed in black. Black jeans, black t-shirt, black leather jacket. He had Mediterranean complexion, greased back dark hair and a thick black moustache. He was at least six inches taller than me, probably more, and built like a football lineman. 

"Excuse me," I said.

He just looked down at me, stared into my eyes, didn't move, didn't say anything.

I didn't want to walk past him, so I turned and ducked into the first booth behind me and shut the door.

I was certainly feeling awkward, but I was also getting a hard on. Guess the magazines worked a little after all, that and just being in this new place, as weird as it was, the whole thing had an erotic twinge to it. The booth was bigger than I expected, with a bench along the wall to my right and a TV screen across from it. There was a console on the wall by the bench where you dropped your tokens in. so I fed them into the slot. The TV lit up. 

It was two guys, one about the size of the guy I bumped into and one more like me. They were both naked. The one like me was on his knees. The big guy was holding the little guy's head in both hands and thrusting a massive cock in and out of his mouth. Shocked me a little, but I guess it shouldn't have. There's been some gay magazines up front, so I guess they'd have some gay movies, too. I pushed the channel button. Another gay film. Had to push it a few times before I saw a woman on the screen.

A tall blond, dressed in a business suit. Very athletic woman, broad shouldered. Business meeting of some kind, I guess, because the guy was in a suit, too. Not as small as me, but not a huge guy, just kind of average, I guess. The woman reached down, grabbed him by his tie, pulled him to his feet and kissed him, hard.

Now I was really hard. This was like my fantasy, a woman taking charge, but she was way hotter than my ex. I relaxed on the bench, started rubbing my cock through my jeans. 

They kissed for a bit, then the man started kissing her neck while he unbuttoned the front of her suit. She shrugged out of her jacket. She wasn't wearing a blouse under it, just a black, lace bra. Not every large breasts, medium I guess, they seemed very firm. She was in great shape. Her abs rippled as she pushed his head down to her chest, then reached behind herself to unfasten her bra. It fell away and she cupped one of her breasts in her hand, holding his face to it with the other as he kissed her breast and nibbled on her smallish nipple.

I was getting really hot at this point. I knew guys beat off at these places - and there was a box of Kleenex on the bench as well as several wadded up ones on the floor to drive home that point. I opened my jeans, got my cock out and started stroking.

The woman pulled the man back to his feet again, pulled his jacket off of him, ripped his shirt open and pulled it off, leaving the tie around his neck. Then she dropped to her knees, opened and yanked down his pants. His cock was almost the same size as mine. This just heightened the fantasy for me. I kept stroking, but slowed down a little. I was close to coming already and I wanted this to last.

She took his cock in her mouth, easily engulfing the whole thing, sucking it in and out violently. God, this was so hot. 

Then she stood and yanked him to his knees by his tie. She unzipped the side of her skirt and it dropped to the floor.

She was wearing a black garter belt and stockings, but no panties. There were two surprises at that moment. First, she had a cock. And not a little one like the guy's, but a long, fat cock hanging between her toned legs.

Second, the door to my booth opened.

It was the guy I had bumped into. He stood in the door of the booth, staring down at me. I wanted to tell him to get out, that this booth was taken, but he knew it was taken - the light was on, and besides, he'd seen me go in.

I couldn't seem to think of anything to say, so I reached over and grabbed the door. As I tried to close it, he just pushed it back open. I tried to fight that, but it was no contest. He stepped into the booth and shut the door behind him.

I didn't know what the hell was going on here, but I wanted to leave. I went to stand up, but he put one hand on my shoulder and pushed me back to my seat.

"I...I..." I couldn't think of what to say.

"Shut up," he said.

He opened the front of his pants and fished out a cock easily as big as anything I'd seen in the magazines out front. It was semi-erect. He started stroking it.

I had that weird feeling again, the one I had when the guys started jacking off at the bachelor party. On the TV, the woman, or man, or whatever she was, had pulled the guy toward her cock by his tie and forced it into his mouth. He seemed reluctant at first, but now he was greedily sucking it. Here's the weird part. All my life, it never took much for me to lose an erection. Any little distraction and I shriveled up like a dead leaf. Now, I was trapped in a booth with a huge man who was stroking a huge cock watching another man suck the huge cock of a woman, and I was harder than ever. I had no idea what was going on, what to think. Then I realized I was still stroking my own cock. 

"Do what he's doing," the man in the leather jacket said.

"What?" I answered.

He grabbed me by the shoulder, pulled me off the bench and shoved me onto my knees, then turned so that his cock was right in my face.

"Do what he's doing."

He meant the guy in the film. He wanted me to suck his cock.

"I'm not gay!" I blurted.

He took the back of my head in one hand and held the base of his cock in the other. He pulled my head forward. I don't know if I resisted or not, though it really wouldn't have mattered if I did. I pressed my lips tight shut while he forced the tip of his cock against them.

"Open your mouth and suck it, bitch. Or get out."

He let go of my head. I was free to leave. All I had to do was stand up, zip my pants and go.

I didn't. I didn't do anything.

He put his hand behind my head again and pushed. This time, my lips parted, my mouth opened and his cock filled my face.

Past him, I could see the woman pistoning her cock in and out of the mouth of the man on his knees. In the booth, the man started pushing his hips forward, force his cock past my lips, over my tongue. It was hard and smooth and hot. It was only halfway into my mouth when I felt it hit the back of my throat. He kept pushing. I gagged. I put my hands on his thighs and tried to push him away. He slapped my face.

"Put your hands down."

I did. 

"Open your mouth wider."

I thought it was open as far as it could go, but I forced my jaws open a little further. 

"Tilt your head back," he said, pulling my hair.

As my head tilted back, the angle changed. Instead of pressing against the back of my throat, the head of his cock found the opening, started to work its way down. I couldn't breathe. He pulled back a second and I gasped in a lung full of air, then his cock went back into my throat, a little further. Then out, another rushed breath, then back, and further down my throat still. 

I sank back on my haunches, going limp, surrendering completely to his will as he found his rhythm. He fucked my face and throat with long, steady thrusts, more and more of his cock feeding into my mouth until finally at the end of one thrust, I felt his balls pressed firmly against my chin. 

On the screen, the woman was doing the same to the man, her cock driving in and out of his mouth as she held his face in place by his necktie. Saliva and precum frothed around her cock and dribbled down his chest. 

My shirt, too, was drenched at this point with my own spit.

As the woman in the film increased her pace, so did the man in the booth. I learned to time my breaths as his cock slid out of my throat, and I was now panting, gulping in short gasps as he hammered his cock into my face harder and faster.

On the TV, the woman dropped the man's tie and took his head in both hands, a new violent urgency to her thrusts as she started to moan.

The man in the booth matched her pace and started to grunt as well. At the end of his thrusts, when his balls hit my chin, I could feel his scrotum tightening. 

The woman on the TV thrust all the way in and stopped, holding her cock firm all the way down the man's throat as she trembled in orgasm.

The man in the booth did the same. I felt the cock twitch, then felt the force of his cum pulsing through it, hitting my throat. 

On the screen, some of the cum leaked out of the man's mouth around the woman's cock and dripped down his chest. 

In the booth, most of the man's cum was forced down my throat, but cum filled my mouth, too, and oozed from my lips, dripping onto my shirt.

The man held his cock in my mouth a long time. I was starting to get lightheaded, as I had not breathed in a while, but then he pulled out, shoved his cock in his pants, opened the door and left. 

I knelt on the floor, realizing that I'd been stroking my cock this whole time and was about to come. 

A man in the hallway stood watching me. I imagined the scene - me, on my knees, the front of my shirt drenched in spit and cum, my chin slick with cum. Me, just kneeling there, the door open, stroking my cock. He walked in the open door, not even closing it behind him, and opened his pants. Behind, him, another man stopped in the hallway, watching. 

As the man drew out his cock, I slowed my storking. I didn't want to come, not yet. I opened my mouth and titled my head back...