 The dark head slowly rose, followed by the rest of the large, powerful body. Kneeling for an hour or more did not come easy when one's legs were not human but goat. Sotirios groaned softly as he stretched, his hands rubbing over his face and his closely trimmed beard. Prostration was easier, but he felt a personal touch to his prayers, such as making things hard for himself, would ensure they were heard and answered. The grapes, peaches and oranges were from his orchard and vines and the flowers from his garden. However, this was not Dionysus' temple, but Aphrodite's. He had already made his devotion to Dionysus, now he petitioned the goddess of love. Above all else in his life, Sotirios desired to be loved for himself.

Whether he was called satyr or faun made no difference to the lonely man. The perception was always the same; a salacious, sexually rampant follower of Dionysus. In his youth, he had taken part in the orgies that followed monthly devotions and he had enjoyed male and female company. However, although one might enjoy a romp with a satyr, you did not marry one. Sotirios knew he was easily attractive enough to entice any number of shepherds or maidens. It made him out of step with his contemporaries who simply sought gratification in whatever shape it came and as often as possible.

Sotirios had met Aphrodite on one of his visits to Olympus with Dionysus. He had found her to be beautiful, charming and intelligent, if somewhat remote. Remoteness seemed a trait that was common amongst the goddesses. He had met Hera once, who had remained distant, and Athena, goddess of wisdom and the arts who let him occasionally visit her library on Olympus. Sotirios was proud of his own collection of poetry and prose. Athena, like Dionysus and Aphrodite, knew of his wish for love as he ensured he petitioned them all. But, as yet, he remained as lonely as ever. 

He was aware of the impending appearance of a god by a displacement of air that he and his kind were sensitive to. A second or two later Aphrodite stood before him. Sotirios bowed low, wondering what occasioned a personal appearance from the beautiful goddess.

"I have a job I would like you to undertake for me, Sotirios," she said. Her tone suggesting it was less of a request and more of a command. 

Not that Sotirios would have presumed to have refused, but he was given little choice. A hand clasped his shoulder.

"Come with me," Aphrodite said.

Sotirios steeled himself for transporting to Olympus. It was not an unpleasant sensation, but could leave one slightly dizzy and disorientated, especially the first time. As his stomach settled, he realised that had not materialised in, but outside, a temple. Glancing around, he saw Dionysus heading towards his personal temple and received a careless wave from him which he returned. He realised Aphrodite was waiting with an inscrutable look on her face. He followed her as she headed to her temple. He was surprised to see Athena already there, peering intently into a scrying mirror.

"Good choice," she said tersely, glancing up and taking in the figure of the satyr behind the other goddess. "Come here and look, Sotirios," she commanded.

Sotirios took his place at Athena's side and gazed into the shifting images the crystal displayed. He gasped at the picture of a young man of breath-taking beauty. The youth's glossy hair was straight to his shoulders, his eyes were a deep liquid brown, his cheekbones high and sculptured and his lips the perfect shade of pink to compliment his olive-toned skin. He growled as he saw the young man accosted by two rough men. He could see them taunt him and then catch hold of him as the beauty struggled. He tried to rise to his feet, but a hand on his shoulder from Aphrodite held him immobile. The mirror rippled and the next vision showed the youth with a bruised cheek and lightly swollen eye.

"The attack was in the past, Sotirios," Athena explained. "Akakios awoke to be tended by a passing matron whose 'sudden appearance must have chased away his attackers'. In reality, the matron was Aphrodite and I ensured his assailants will hurt no one else," Athena added with a growl.

"Why show me this?" Sotirios asked. "How could they hurt such an exquisite beauty?"

"Because they sought to possess him and it was not his desire to be a possession. Many assume because he is so beautiful he has little intelligence or will lie with any who use flattering words. Akakios is a very intelligent young man. He is on a pilgrimage which will terminate at my temple close by your home, Sotirios," Aphrodite explained. "We cannot watch over him all the time and do not want him hurt again. I thought you would be a good travelling companion for him and to bring him safely to my temple."

"He seeks one willing to look beneath the surface and see him for who he really is," Athena added, watching the satyr from the corner of her eye.

"He would never trust a satyr to escort him," Sotirios said, looking from one goddess to the other. Whilst he did not want to openly refuse their request, he could not help feel that to force him to travel with such an exotic and beguiling beauty when he ached for love was a cruel request.

"If you do not trust him to accept you as a friend when a satyr, Sotirios, then I can ensure you look human except between the hours of midnight and dawn."

Sotirios gave a silent mental sigh. It seemed he was the goddesses' choice and no amount of squirming on his part would get him off this particular hook. 

"All you desire of me is to accompany him, ensure he is protected?" Sotirios asked, wanting the scenario clear in his mind.

"Exactly," Aphrodite said. "You won't quite have the same strength as you possess as a satyr when in human form, but you'll be stronger than most humans. That is, if you wish Akakios to only know you as a man?"

Sotirios had a feeling he was being tested in some way, but his mind was in a whirl and he nodded absently. He wanted this task completed as quickly as possible. Even as his head moved, he experienced a strange sensation throughout his body. He stared almost uncomprehendingly at the human legs that supported him. He glanced into a wall-mounted mirror and saw a strange, saturnine human visage staring blankly at him. He retained his dark curly hair and beard, but his horns were gone, his body was still large and furred, but it was human. He took a couple of wobbly steps.

"You may find the legs ache as well as needing to get used to walking in them," Aphrodite said curtly. "However, if you prefer...?"

"No, no, they will suffice. I will learn to use them. It is only for a couple of days?" Sotirios added worriedly.

"For as long as it takes you both to reach my temple," Aphrodite stated. "Your speed of walking may be compromised. "

Sotirios was more certain than ever he had failed the goddesses in some way and yet he was undertaking their task. Athena no longer looked at him and Aphrodite's face was a closed book. Closing his eyes as she reached for him, Sotirios sent a prayer for guidance to Dionysus.

****

Akakios moved slowly closer to the faint cries for help. He moved cautiously in the wooded area, straining his eyes and ears for anything that suggested a trap, but saw and heard nothing out of place. When he reached the small clearing, he circled it carefully. The man seemed genuinely trapped, but it paid not to be careless. He hefted a large branch before advancing on the hapless man.

"Please don't hurt me," Sotirios pleaded. As soon as he was capable of walking with his human legs, Aphrodite had left him here, his foot trapped underground with a root pinning it. He had expected Akakios' company a couple of hours earlier and his throat was hoarse from shouting. He was immortal as a satyr, but had not thought to ask how appearing as a mortal would affect him in other ways than a lessening of his physical strength.

Akakios felt a strange connection to the man as he spoke. It was almost as if an inner voice was encouraging him to trust him. He had never felt such a feeling for another before and it made him lower the branch and advance a few more steps before self-preservation kicked in and he stopped, listening intently.

"There's no one else here, I promise," Sotirios assured. "My name is Sotirios and my foot is trapped. Will you help me, please?"

"I'm not afraid to use this if I have to," Akakios said, hoping he sounded braver than he felt.

"Please? I've been here such a long time."

Akakios was sure he could hear sincerity in the man's voice and which seemed to have a rough quality that shouting for a long time would have brought about. He looked hot and uncomfortable and a wave of sympathy swept through the slender man. Keeping his branch where it was in easy reach, Akakios knelt by the imprisoned foot and felt in the hole. He could feel the root that had somehow gone over the man's ankle to keep him in place.

"I will dig away some of the dirt so I can see better," Akakios said. "If I hurt you I will stop."

Sotirios watched as Akakios worked diligently. His heart ached that he had chosen to deceive the young man. The time they spent together would be based on a lie. After a few moments, Sotirios gave a cry.

"Have I hurt you?" Akakios panted, stopping instantly.

"Not me. You," Sotirios said shakily. The young man's fingers were now bloodied from digging in hard dirt.

"My skin isn't used to manual labour," Akakios said, resignedly. "Perhaps I'll tell you my story when you are free and feeling more human."

Sotirios almost laughed hysterically at the innocuous comment. The last thing he needed to feel was *more* human.

"I'd like that," he said instead, earning a smile that seemed to light up the clearing. "I...I have a knife in my pack," he added. "Perhaps it might help?"

"I could try and cut away the root," Akakios grinned and hastened to fetch it. He hacked at the root and sat back as he watched Sotirios twist and pull. Then the limb came free in a shower of dust and dirt that covered them both and Akakios laughed delightedly.

"There's a stream nearby," Sotirios offered. "I was heading there when I had my accident. We could clean off; maybe I could catch a fish or two, if you'd be interested in sharing a meal? As a thank-you?"

"I'd like that, Sotirios. My name is Akakios and I'm heading to Aphrodite's temple some miles west of here." 

"The temple outside Minious?" Sotirios asked, knowing the answer. "That's not far from my home. Perhaps we could travel together?"

Akakios grinned and nodded and the two men wandered companionably to the stream. Sotirios desperately tried to avoid looking at the enthralling beauty bathing beside him. However, Akakios found himself stealing peeks at the older man. He marvelled at the powerful, furred torso, sighing silently. *That* was how a real man looked. Akakios' shoulder slumped unconsciously. Would this man, too, see him as something pretty to be mere decoration or patronised like so many others before?

Akakios determined to prove his usefulness, creating a small camp and lighting a fire as Sotirios caught the fish. They were roasted over the fire and eaten with fresh bread from Sotirios' pack. Akakios thought it the best meal he had eaten in days.

"You mentioned your story?" Sotirios prompted. "Would you still like to tell it?"

"Not much to tell, really," Akakios smiled. "My family owns a good wine business. My mother died a while ago. My older brother works alongside my father and my younger sister is not yet twelve. She dreams of meeting the perfect man and being married. I did well at lessons and was encouraged to learn more. I hoped to perhaps become a teacher myself, but my brother said I was a drain on the family's resources and made me work in the business. Then I found he was trying to marry me off," Akakios' voice now held a note of incredulity as if he still could not believe what he was saying himself.

"Can you imagine it?" Akakios asked Sotirios, who shook his head. "My own brother was bartering me like I was nothing more than some exotic wine. He had a widow, twice my age, lined up because she was wealthy and a similar offer from an older man. All they saw was a pretty face; they neither knew me nor cared about what I wished for out of life. Costas and I had a heated argument. Then he slapped me so hard that I fell to the floor, just as my father came to see what the disturbance was between us that time. He told Costas that I should be free to make my own choice of partner. That night I had a dream about making sacrifices at three of Aphrodite's temples. This is the last. I'm hoping...well...I don't really know. Maybe I'll get some kind of answer regarding what I should do."

"I make offerings in that temple myself," Sotirios said quietly, feeling sorry for the young man and wishing he could offer him some kind of comfort. He was glad to see that the bruising that marred the exquisite visage was healing quickly. He was sure that was courtesy of the goddesses with whom the youth seemed to have found favour.

"You have?" Akakios queried. He felt his stomach unexpectedly lurch at the admission.

"I lead a rather...solitary life," Sotirios smiled. "I know what it's like to be surrounded by those who don't understand how you feel or think. To feel isolated and outcast, even around those who are family."

"Are you sure you want to walk with me?" Akakios asked. "I would understand if you wished to travel at your own speed."

"I would like the pleasure of your company, Akakios," Sotirios replied honestly. "I have read quite a bit. Maybe tomorrow we can see which writers we have both enjoyed." He gave a slightly theatrical yawn. He knew there were still a couple of hours before he would resume satyr form. However, he wanted the young man deeply asleep. He knew he was going to need to walk and stretch and did not need to be answering awkward questions.

"It is late," Akakios agreed, with a genuine yawn of his own. "Time seems to have sped past since we met. I...I feel as though we have know each other a long time," he offered shyly, his face pinkening.

Sotirios thought the blush adorable and then composed himself sternly.

"We do get along well." He said with a smile. Perhaps this is why Athena and Aphrodite chose me, he thought.

As Akakios slept soundly, Sotirios contained his groans as he body resumed satyr shape. He walked for almost an hour, letting his body settle into its true form. Returning to the camp, he slipped beneath his covers silently. He was sure the goddesses would ensure nothing happened whilst they slept. If anything did, he prayed Akakios would forgive him the deception. He liked the youth. There was a lot more to him than just beauty. He had courage and an inner strength that Sotirios recognised and admired. He hoped they could be friends and, if the truth of his true form was revealed, they could remain so.

****

The next day was one of the most enjoyable Sotirios had known. They awoke and shared bread, cheese and dried fruit from his pack. He was glad they would only be travelling a couple of days. It would be hard to explain his seemingly ever-full food pack. No matter where the satyr was, Dionysus ensured he had fresh food every day. At home his pantry was replenished and when travelling, his food package was refilled. He intended to catch a rabbit for their evening meal. The more fresh meat he could provide, the fewer questions he would face.

As they travelled, the two men talked and talked. Sotirios finding they had read and enjoyed many writers in common. The day passed with incredible swiftness. As the afternoon wore on, Sotirios let Akakios prepare camp once more, whilst he caught their dinner. This time they dined on roast meat and Sotirios was careful with what he shared to accompany the meat. This time he had a couple of apples to offer as dessert.

Again, Sotirios waited for Akakios to be asleep to walk for an hour when his body became satyr once more. His heart was heavy at the thought his association with the young man would be over before it had really begun. Akakios was easy company with a bright mind and a wicked sense of humour similar to Sotirios' own. Silently he returned to their camp, his spirits heavy.

****

The following day was a little more adventurous. They stopped to help a waggoner whose wheel had broken. Akakios was stunned to watch Sotirios, and the incredible strength of the man, as he was able to help lift the wagon as the wheel was repaired. The younger man was able to make his own contribution when an old woman was struggling with her load. In recompense, she insisted on giving them generous portions of home-made stew which meant there was no need for hunting that night.

Night fell too quickly for Sotirios. He had wanted this task over quickly and his wish was coming true. However, now he wanted to spend more time with the young man. He wanted Akakios to see him as his true self and see if their friendship could survive the deception. He bitterly regretted tarring Akakios with the same brush as those who saw only the satyr. He was now certain Akakios would have spent time getting to know Sotirios for himself.

"Sotirios?"

The satyr froze. It was Akakios' voice. He was suddenly afraid to reveal his true form.

"Sotirios, are you here? Please answer me."

"I'm here. Everything is well. Go back to the camp," the satyr said, desperately. 

"This isn't the first night you've done this. If something is troubling you I would listen."

"It's nothing," Sotirios lied, glad the young man was not able to see him as clearly as he could see Akakios. He felt a dagger in his heart as he saw Akakios' shoulder slump and head drop.

"I thought we were friends." The voice was hurt and sad.

"We were...we are," Sotirios corrected himself.

"Then why won't you trust me?"

"It's just...just," the satyr hoped to give the young man some truth. He owed him that much. "I realised how much I was enjoying our talks and...your company. I can scarcely believe that tomorrow we part to go our separate ways. I will go home and you will end your pilgrimage." The sigh he breathed was a sad sound in the stillness of the night. "I will miss you, Akakios."

Akakios peered into the dark. He could just make out the shape of his friend, although in the gloom Sotirios looked different somehow. At the older man's words his stomach had lurched again. He had enjoyed Sotirios' company. The big man had treated him as an equal, not a decoration. He realised he would miss the older man.

"I'll miss you, too," he confessed quietly. He felt unbidden tears burn his eyelids. "Perhaps I may call on you after I have been to the temple?" Akakios asked, hoping he did not sound as desperate as he felt.

"I'd like that," Sotirios replied, with a smile he knew the younger man could not see, but hoped he would hear. "I'll show you my home before taking you to the temple."

"Thank you," Akakios said.

"I'll be back at the camp in a few moments, Akakios. You must be chilled. I'm sorry I worried you." The satyr had a blanket to hide his legs and his body fur helped keep him warm. He followed slowly, hoping to slip quickly under his other blanket before Akakios could see him.

"Thank you for being my friend, Sotirios."

The softly spoken words were another dagger in the satyr's heart.

"Thank you, too," he husked. Some friend, he berated himself mentally. He curled up in his bedding, sleep eluding him. He could see no way of revealing his true self now. He was a fool and a coward. He let tears fall unchecked.

****

There was little banter between the two men as they got closer to their final destination. All too soon, Sotirios was pointing out his orchard with its mix of fruit, olive and almond trees.

"I will miss you, Sotirios," Akakios husked, gazing up into the dark eyes of the bigger man.
