 Things had gotten out of control for a bit and I wanted them to get back in control. Right after we showered. 

We stepped into his shower to clean each other up. I don't have a reasonable explanation of why we were taking a shower together, apart would have been just fine. But the warm water was running over me before I could think about it and I soaped up my face to get the cum off of it. He said, "Let's conserve water", and took the soap from me. He lathered up my back and then came up and started rubbing his soapy chest on my back. It was intense. His dick was rubbing across my ass as I felt it get harder. He took the soap and washed my chest, slowly bringing his hands down my stomach until he was holding my dick. He started to soap it up saying, "This thing sure got dirty, didn't it." He dropped the soap out of his hands and said, "You can get that if you want."

I said, "If I get it are you going to start fucking my ass?"

"What's to say I won't start fucking your ass right now?"

He bent his knees and started rubbing his dick on my asshole. The feeling was amazing, but I wasn't completely sure about it. He was still stroking my dick, and that was probably helping my confusion. I said, "I don't know. It feels good right now, but I'm not sure."

He grabbed his dick with one hand and started rubbing the tip of it against my asshole, pushing forward slightly with the soap giving a bit of lube. I knew that he'd get in if he tried; I had fingered myself in the shower many times using soap as a lube. I liked what he was doing, but his dick in my ass seemed more than I wanted to do, at least for now. He pushed in a bit and I felt a wave of pain and I pulled away from him. "That hurts."

He said, "Let me in."

I said, "I'm not ready for that." I turned and faced him, as close as I had even been with anyone. Our stomachs were rubbing, as were our dicks. With soap all over them it felt wonderful and almost made me lose myself in the feeling. I put my arms around him on his ass and he put his arms over my shoulders. We gave each other a long kiss with our tongue's intertwining and we let our hands wander over each other. We crossed that line again.

I said, "I don't know how we got here so quickly, but we just shared an intimate experience and I'm not willing to go further that we have."

"I know. I'm getting lost in a feeling here and fucking your ass seems like an obvious next step."

I said, "But are you ready for me to fuck your ass?"

"Not really. I don't know."

"That's a line we have not crossed and I'm not ready to do that."

"Okay."

I said, "Let's look at where we are compared to right now. We are sucking each other's cocks, jerking off, rubbing and sucking ourselves. That's a lot."

"But wasn't kissing off limits too?"

I smiled, "After we cum in each other's mouths I think kissing is the least of it."

"Doesn't this all lead to being gay?"

"I don't think so, I mean, I am thinking about women all the time still. If I have a fantasy, that's where my mind goes.

"Me too."

I said, "Look, just because we suck each other's dicks doesn't make us gay. It just means we like to suck each other off. I like sucking my own dick, I liked sucking yours. It means just that."

"Okay. I'm getting out." He let me go, opened the shower curtain and left leaving a big hole in the room. I didn't really want him to get out. I turned and rinsed off and then turned the water hotter and stood there for a moment replaying the events in my mind. I didn't expect things would get as far as they did, but here we were. I was thinking about how great our 69 felt and how I would like to do that again and real soon. 

I lingered in the shower for 20 minutes or more just letting the water hit me. It started to get cold so I turned off the water and dried off. I came out of the bathroom and threw my towel on the ground and walked to the kitchen to see if I could get a drink. I wasn't interested in a beer, just some juice or a soda or something. I saw Mike standing with his towel on looking into the living room, and when I turned our good friend Nathan was standing looking right at my dick. I tried to be nonchalant about it. "Hi Nathan."

"Hi.. You're naked."

"I know. Isn't it great?"

"What are you guys doing?"

Mike said, "We were just watching a porno."

"And doing what, jerking off?"

I said, "Yeah. Pretty good porno."

Nathan could tell something was up. "So, why are you naked?"

"I just took a shower after Mike was done, and I don't really feel like clothes for a minute. What's the big deal, we see each other like this in the locker room after showers anyway."

It was a stupid response and had zero chance of sounding true. Truth is, there wasn't a good response that didn't sound shitty, including that we were sitting around blowing each other. I went over and sat down on a recliner chair like nothing was happening and said, "So, what's up?"

Nathan sat down and said, "We are thinking about getting a game together tomorrow morning. Are you guys in?"

Mike said, "Sure. Where and when?"

"Down at the field by the elementary school. I'm sorry, but the fact that you guys are naked after watching a porno makes me want to see the porno."

Mike jumped in, "Sure we could cue it back up."

Nathan jumped to his feet, "What time are your parents getting home?"

"They're gone for the night."

"And your sister?"

"She's away at school and won't be here tonight. Friday is a party night."

"Okay," and he started to take his clothes off.

I didn't know what to say. "What's up?"

"Well, you guys are naked to jerk off, I am just joining in. Let's go."

Mike said, "Hang on one second, I'll be right there."

I stood up and went over to Mike, reached down and ripped his towel off. "If we're going to be walking around with our wood out, then you can't cheat."

Nathan laughed, "Fair is fair." He was down to his socks and underwear and he pulled his tighty whiteys off and threw them on the pile of clothes. He was already sporting a hard on and I couldn't help but look at it. I was staring actually. It was at least in inch longer than mine and tan.

I said, "Nice dick." Shit. Shit. Did I just say that? Fuck. I tried to recover, "Why is it tan?"

"Thanks. I lay out back naked. Nobody cares, my parents are gone all of the time anyway."

Mike said, "Don't you have two hot sisters? What do they say?"

"Actually, I caught them once and they forced me to join them. I got used to it. It started last summer and it happens so much that I don't even think about it."

I said, "Can we come over? I'd rather see that than your dicks. No offence."

Mike said, "Hey. I have a nice dick."

Nathan jumped in, "So do I, you said so yourself."

"Okay. You have very nice dicks. Your sisters are fucking hot. And naked. Between all of that we have a great combination. That's all I am saying."

Mike said, "Great idea. Now, let me get the porno going." He walked away and that left me and Nathan together, naked with raging hard ons.

Nathan said, "Do you guys jerk off often? I mean, you're both pretty comfortable with it. And being naked afterwards."

"Not really. This is the first time we really got together just to jerk off." I was trying to not let the cat out of the bag but I didn't know what to say. I was hoping that I didn't let it slip.

"Are you guys jerking each other off?"

"No." Technically, that was true. We had done something along those lines, but that wasn't the worst of it. I still wasn't ready to say that I was blowing Mike and was looking forward to blowing him again.

"Okay. I've never jerked it with somebody else, well at least not naked. I did once with my friend at camp, but we were spying on a girl when she was dressing and we got a little loose."

"Cool." Nice response. Cool, yeah sure.

"This might be fun."

I'm so confused right now that I don't know what to do. This guy thinks this will be fun, jerking off together. I'm going to have a hard time not sucking myself, and I really wanted to suck Mike, and now I think that I wanted to suck Nathan. One thing I was sure, if he was going to be a pain in the ass I was going to stick my dick in his mouth. "You don't think it will be weird?"

"Was it weird when you guys just did it?"

"No, not really. It's just......" I was having a hard time here, and I had to do something to cover some tracks.

"What, are you guys fucking each other in the ass?"

"Oh absolutely not! No, I just showed Mike that I could stick my dick in my mouth."

"No fucking way! Let me see."

I was sore from doing this earlier, but I leaned over and took myself right into my mouth. It felt great, as usual. There was something more this time, just casually showing this to Nathan and not getting caught like I did with Mike. I was feeling dirty and perverted, so I kept sucking. I stroked myself a bit and used my other hand to trace over my balls. I started to lose myself in it, as I did sometimes and it went on longer than it should have. I popped myself out of my mouth and sat up, an awkward smile on my face and saliva on my dick. I was still absentmindedly stroking my dick, which was super hard and not going back down soon. When I sat up, I looked at Nathan's face, but he was staring at my dick with his mouth open. I looked down at his and he was stroking slowly his massive erection.

"That's awesome. I can't do that, I'm not flexible enough. I would love to."

"Why not, you can try it if you like." I sat back in my chair and kept stroking my dick.

"What, suck my dick? I can't."

"Well, you could try mine?"

He smiled, "Is that what you guys are doing?"

I knew I had to act here. I couldn't risk him leaving and telling people. It wasn't good enough for me to suck his dick, he had to suck mine. He couldn't say anything then.

"Try it. You could hold it if you want."

He was smiling but looked like he didn't know what to do. I sat forward and reached out for his hand that he was stroking himself with and caught his hand and his dick together. I pulled him closer and pushed him down by his dick to the floor in front of me. He got on his knees and was so close I could feel the heat of his body between my legs. I sat back a bit and put my hand on his head, pushing him down lightly towards my dick. I wanted him on me so badly that I felt like grabbing him by the ears and ramming my dick into his head. I knew that I had to take it slow, and the fact that he was kneeling in front of me was a good start.

"I never even touched another dick."

I took his hand and pulled it closer to my dick, and it was aching for attention. It had only been a half hour since Mike was stroking my dick in the shower, 45 minutes or so since Mike and I were sucking each other off, cumming in each other's mouths and having a huge French snowball kiss. But even with all of that sex, I wanted more. I wanted a different hand, a different mouth.

"Grab it."

He slid his hand across my thigh and with his fingertips across my dick lightly. The feeling was like a welcome change from nothing, but after what I had been doing this afternoon I needed some forceful attack not this trepid approach. I took his and, put it palm down on my dick and said again, "Grab it." He wrapped his hands around it and I said, "Stroke it." He slid his hand across it slowly and I felt that I was getting back into control again. I had been aching for him to approach my dick and not wanting to scare him away so I was being lees adamant. I realized that Nathan wanted to be told what to do. I also knew exactly what I wanted.

"Put your tongue on it."

He stopped, "I've never even touched another dick and now I am stroking yours. I don't know if I can go full bore right off and start licking it just yet." Right then Mike was back in the room and walked up next to me. I felt his hand on my shoulder and I looked over to see his raging hard on jutting out. I took my hand from Nathan's and reached over to grab Mike's dick, pulling Mike by his dick closer to me. I looked up and saw Mike was only looking at Nathan and then I took Mike into my mouth.

It was like before, at least having a dick in my mouth. I stopped looking or interacting with Nathan and deal solely with Mike's dick. I started to bob my head while stroking him with my left hand, just like before. I wasn't blown away by the newness of it this time. It was something that I was going to do because of doing it before, and probably going to do it again. I could feel Nathan's hand on my dick which made the excitement stay with me, in that someone who never sucked my dick is holding it and is getting drawn into what Mike and I had been doing today. I wanted to cum in Nathan's mouth. I wanted Mike to cum in mine. I wanted Nathan to cum in my mouth too. 

Mike said, "Suck his dick." I couldn't see what was happening anymore. I was focusing on the dick in front of me and pumping it into my mouth. I felt Nathan slide his mouth onto my dick, as warmth and wetness returned to my hungry dick. "Suck it, pump it." I felt Nathan working my dick over, and it was getting more and more intense as he got more into it. 

Mike pulled out of my mouth and said, "Wait, I've got something to help out." Mike walked away and I got to watch Nathan give me a blowjob. I put my hands on his head and adjusted my body so that I was in a better position for him. Mike came back and told Nathan to lift up off of the ground so he could give him a tug job. Nathan lifted off of me, and Mike said, "Keep sucking."

Mike lifted Nathan's butt so now Nathan's chest was parallel to the ground and he was bent over at the waist. I saw Mike pour baby oil over Nathan's ass and massage it in. He rubbed in between Nathan's ass cheeks and down Nathan's dick. I couldn't see everything, but Mike was stroking Nathan's dick downward like milking a cow. Mike leaned in and stuck his tongue in between Nathan's ass crack and started licking. Nathan lifted off for a second and said,"Oooh. That feels so good." He closed his eyes and I saw on his face an expression of extreme pleasure as his asshole got licked and his dick milked, and looking over Nathan's back I could see Mike lost in what he was doing. Nathan got back down on my dick, except now he wasn't clinically working my dick, he was clearly enjoying what he was doing. Slowly pumping, using his mouth and tongue with a deliberateness that matched what was happening to his ass. Mike stopped and stood up and poured more baby oil over Nathan's back and ass and Mike massaged it in, as well as he could He really dumped it on and it was probably dripping onto the rug. Mike spent a few moments and rubbed between Nathan's ass cheeks and it looked like he stuck his finger into Nathan's asshole. I felt Nathan bear down and I heard him make a sound like, "Mmmph,' but he never stopped sucking my dick. He took a hand off of me and grabbed the armrest to steady himself. It was a bad angle to stand and I'm sure he would get tired and we'd all have to change positions. I stopped watching my blowjob and watched Mike finger fuck Nathan's ass.

Mike was stroking with his free hand and scooped up a bunch of the extra oil that was everywhere now and used it on his dick. He stood up and walked up to Nathan's ass and started to slide himself in. Nathan pulled up off of me when he realized it was more than a finger and Mike just kept pushing in. Nathan said, "Ow," but Mike was not going to be stopped. He had wanted to fuck an ass, and he was going to fuck Nathan.

Nathen, still bending over, one hand on the armrest and the other gripping my dick, looked back at Mike and said, "What the fuck are you doing."

Mike never took his eyes off of the ass he was buried in. "I'm fucking you up the ass." Mike started to pump in and out as he got himself deeper. He closed his eyes and pushed in and out of Nathan, who slowly turned back toward me with is eyes closing and he mouth looking like a fish needing air. I grabbed his head and said, "Get back on my dick." Nathan smiled as he leaned over and started to blow me again. The incredible view of Nathan getting fucked and enjoying it, Mike getting his rocks off and the sucking my dick was getting became too much and I lost it. I started to cum into Nathan's mouth and before he had a chance to pull off I grabbed him by the head and pushed in deeper. Mike saw that and started to really work over Nathan's ass. I saw Mike step it up and I started to really face fuck Nathan. He was getting slammed from both ends, used like a gay fucktoy for our amusement. Mike closed his eyes and put his head back saying, "Oh yeahh.." and kept going. I don't know if Nathan was loving it or not, but things had gone too far to turn back, so Nathan was taking all of this whether he wanted it or not. Suddenly I saw Mike break his rhythm and he started to cum into Nathan. "Motherfucker, oh yes..." and he pumped harder, almost trying to fuck Nathan to death. He slammed in again and again. "Fucking take it...fuck yes... fuck.." He stopped slamming and slowed down, and then backed up on out of Nathan. Mike backed straight back to the couch behind him and feel backwards on it, breathing hard like he ran a marathon and smiling like he won it. I pulled out of Nathan's mouth, which was now dripping from my cum. Nathan dropped to a knee, clearly worn out from getting worked over by two men and their dicks from both ends. He never let go of my dick.

After a few moments of all of us panting and trying to get our breath, Mike was the first to break the silence. "That was fucking great!"

Nathan turned to look at Mike, "You fucked me in the ass. What the fuck?"

I said, "Well, you sucked my cock." He turned back to me. "You sucked me off, and I came in your mouth and you swallowed it while getting fucked in the ass. There's probably cum dripping from your ass."

"I came over to invite you guys to play, and I don't know how but we went from jerking off to a porn, to super gay shit and me getting used."

Mike said, "Whoa there. We're not gay or nothing."

Nathan said, "What? How can you say that?"

I said, "Well, technically you did all of the gay shit. We just rammed out dicks in your holes."

Nathan stopped and thought, "Well, things just got out of hand really fast."

I said, "Look, we're just experimenting. I like women still. I do like sucking my own dick, which is fine too. I also enjoy sucking Mike, and he likes blowing me too." Nathan looked back at Mike, and Mike smiled and nodded.

"We have had some fun with each other."

Nathan said, "With each other's dicks."

Mike smiled, "And cum. But you know that too."

"Didn't you have a good time?"

Mike came over closer to Nathan, "Lay down on your back." Nathan laid down with his hands behind his head, and his dick harder than ever. He looked at me. "Don't you think we could take care of him after being so nice to us?" Mike turned back to Nathan and slid his hand across Nathan's leg towards his dick.

I knew exactly what to do. I slid off of the chair and got down on the floor on the other side of Nathan and slid my hand across just like Mike to Nathan's dick. I wanted to suck it. I wanted to do all manner of things to it. At that point, I even wanted it in my ass. But for now, Nathan needed and deserved some release. 

Mike and I started to lick both sides of the shaft, over the top and back down again. Out tongues and mouths intertwining with the purpose of giving the greatest pleasure we could. I took the tip into my mouth and slid back down, then Mike took my place on the tip. We brought him in and out of our mouths and licked down to his balls and back up again. Nathan had built up a great deal and we didn't expect him to last long, so we wanted to make it worth it. Within just a few minutes, and too soon for my liking his breathing changed and I could feel him getting close. Mike and I slid up to the tip of his dick and French kissed each other with the tip of Nathan's cock between our mouths. He started to cum and shot jet after jet of cum into our moths and throats, and Mike and I alternated sucking the top for every jet and pulse that Nathan could generate. I swallowed some, and I watched Mike swallow some too but most of it was in our hair and dripping from our faces. Mike leaned over and gave me a kiss and I happily kissed him back. It seemed a better way to high five someone after we teamed up suck a cock and bring someone over the edge together. We did a good job and had a celebratory cum soaked kiss. Mike pulled off and smiled, and we both slid up along Nathan so that we were all laying on the floor side by side. 
