 (It will help if you, the reader, read part 1 as it describes the characters and the events that lead on to this second part)

***

Harry and I continued to meet a couple of times a week both through work and socially. Whenever it was possible, he would sneak me off somewhere private. There we would again indulge in what was becoming a pleasure, wanking each other off to great climaxes.

In fact, Harry was a couple of years older than me. It was Harry who convinced me to this pleasure pastime, but in reality, I had put up only a mild defence and now I was always hot to touch him. He was the one who would seek me out for these sessions, but more and more it was becoming my hunger for them that was looking for opportunities to see and feel his most impressive ten-inches. By now, just the thought of seeing that gloriously hot, long and thick cock would give me an erection.

One of those times, our gang was going to a rather exclusive club where we had been invited to use their swimming pool. It was just us guys, six or seven of us. The club had a row of private changing cubicles, each with a small shower and a bench on the back wall. We had a great time and even chatted up a few very dishy girls who were also there. 

At the end of the afternoon it was time to leave so we guys picked up our numbered hangers with our clothes on them from the cloak room attendant and made our way to the cubicles. It being the time several others were also getting ready to leave, we had to double up in them, and yes, Harry took the last one at the end and signalled to me to join him.

Once we had locked the door, dressed only in our wet Speedos, the air became thick with our desires. Harry in his black Speedos leaving little to the imagination, me in my red ones, far less impressive, but quickly feeling tight on me. Just the thought of seeing Harry's cock again made me instantly hard.

We stripped but the shower was too small for us both together. 

"Let's shower after." he said.

"After what?" I asked.

"After I show you something new that we can enjoy. Stand on the bench."

I did. 

This brought my cock level to just below his neck as he stood in front of me, perfect height for what Harry wanted to teach me. Holding my throbbing cock with one hand, he leaned forward and opened his mouth, taking my modest, but very stiff cock, in to the hilt.

"Ah." I sighed, noticing yet again that whenever we were together, I sounded more like a girl than a guy. 

The sensation was incredible. My stiff penis was inside a moist and hot mouth sucking me and bobbing on it wetly, his tongue wrapping itself around it as he moved back and forth as if glued to my cock.

"Harry, wow, this is so hot!"

He looked up, took his mouth off for a moment.

"This is the best way to cum when there is no pussy around."

"And even if there is one, this is still the best I have ever had." I replied.

I pushed my cock back into his eager mouth. His hands went behind me and held the cold cheeks of my rather full and round ass. He started kneading them and I do not know why, it felt that he was using the same technique as if he was holding two tits in his hand, the way he was fondling my ass.

"Oh Harry, Harry this is so good, suck harder, suck harder on my cock. I am close to cumming."

He stopped but just to laugh quietly and tell me,

"I feel I am sucking your clit. I know it is a cock but compared to mine, it is so small."

This hurt to hear, even though I really was just half his cock size, but I felt a strange thrill I had never felt before. He was sucking on my clit? He was thinking of me as a woman and as his hands squeezed my full buttocks and his mouth sucked me in deep, I felt I was going to cum, to cum through my clit, into this strong man's mouth ... and I did! 

Harry did not stop sucking. His mouth stayed glued to me and he swallowed the spurts of spunk I felt would never finish spilling out of my cock, or was it now my clit?

When I had finally emptied, he helped me down.

"Now it is your turn to suck a real man's cock." And with that he completely took of his Speedos and stood fully naked on the bench. What a sight! That big, hot penis there in front of my face! I did not even think of it. Opening my mouth eagerly I savoured my first cock.

I loved it. 

I loved the feeling, its heat, its hardness and the soft smooth skin that covered it; the reddish-purple helmet that prodded the back of my throat as I tried to get more and more into my eager mouth. I could not believe the sheer pleasure I was getting from sucking Harry's cock! I felt even then, even that first time, that I much preferred sucking his cock than having mine suckled, my cock or, as I was starting to think of it now, my very own clitoris.

"Don't try to get to much in or you'll gag." he advised. 

I did not care, I wanted it all, all that beautiful penis deep down into me, into my hungry throat. What an amazing sensation sliding it over my tongue, against my inner cheeks, savouring the tangy taste of his precum. 

"More tongue, more tongue." he breathed.

I worked my tongue around the thickness of his cock, getting myself more and more turned on. I did as he had and wrapped my arms around his middle and feeling his muscular and hairy ass cheeks. What a thrill. I was sucking my first cock and letting my inhibitions about homosexuality float away. 

"Stick a finger into me."

This was certainly new but, why not? 

I spread his full cheeks and felt for his hole. There it was! Hot and a bit squishy, still a bit wet and even slippery. It must have been more so through the sun tan oil that had dripped back. I pressed my middle finger in gently and felt it slide to the first knuckle with great ease.

"Ah yes! Yes!" he breathed, actually pushing back into my finger. 

My mouth followed so as not to lose any bit of this cock that was seducing me into a gay world I feared and was starting to enjoy more and more. 

"Now, now, suck! Keep fucking my ass. Now!"

And suddenly my mouth was flooded with his cum. His jerking and the thickness of the cock in my mouth was making me spill his cum even though I wanted to drink it all. It was a bit acidy, and a bit sour but not unpleasant. Just a different taste than my own which I had often tried. The nectar of Harry's cock was one I was to try again and again and willingly so.

"We are now cock suckers." he declared "or at least you are my cock sucker and I am your clit sucker."

I should have been offended, but I was still glowing from the feel and taste of his magnificent cock in my mouth and in any case, if he called my modest penis a clit, would that not just add another dimension to our ever more tantalizing sessions? 

Where would it all lead to?

Just how far along was I willing to go in my hunger for his cock?