 See, I desperately like being fucked. I love being naked in front of other men. I guess I pretend that I'm their woman, and after he's had a hard day out working to buy nice things for me, then the least I can do is lie back and spread my legs for him. 

I want to look all nice for him, so I'll shave myself so that I'm completely smooth, legs, chest, armpits, balls and butt crack. Then I'll want to warm him up. So I get down on my knees in front of him. I pull down his trousers, and let his cock hang out. I'll kiss his limp cock and thank him for working hard for me. I'll gently begin to stroke and wank his cock so that it expands and becomes erect. As soon as it is semi erect, then I'll slather all over his cock, making it nice and wet. Putting his cock in my mouth I'll suck, slowly moving my head up and down on his shaft, slowly at first, but then faster and faster. I'll go down as far as possible, preferably all the way, so that my nostrils are nestled in his pubic hairs. With my hands I stroke and play with his balls or rub his thighs. If he thinks he is capable of cumming several times, then I'll blow him until he grips the back of my head and pushes his dick deep into my mouth. I'll let him blow his rich creamy load inside my throat. Then I'll look him in the eyes and make sure he understands how much I love and adore him by swallowing his cum. I'll take extra special care to suck all the cum out of his cock, and make sure that none is wasted. Any come that has split onto my chin, or is dripping of his cock, I shall lick up. He looks after me so well that the least I can do is savour every last drop of his cum.

But that's just the starter. I'll drop my panties and help him strip. I'll let him fuck my mouth again until he is fully erect once again. Then I will lie down on the bed in front of him. I will get a big dollop of lube in my hand and spread it around my tight asshole, gently spreading it, and pushing one finger, then two inside my puckering hole. Then I will invite him to take over, and let his fingers explore my male pussy. As he puts one finger in I'll moan softly, and invite him to put more in. As he thrusts with one finger, then more I'll play with my nipples and cock to show him how excited he makes me. After he's got four of his fingers inside my ass, I'll beg him to fuck me as hard as he can. I'll wrap my legs around his back to help and pull him towards me. I'll lick my fingers and stroke his nipples and chest. I'll tell him how big his cock is and how desperate I am to have it deep inside me. Then he'll enter me. At first it will hurt a bit, but I won't show it. I'll loosen my asshole as much as possible, and I groan small groans of pleasure, encouraging him to go deeper. As he pushes all of his cock in me I tell him that that's it baby, fuck me. And he'll thrust and it'll get harder and harder, and faster and faster. I feel him sliding in and out of me. I will spread my legs as far as part as possible to maximise my pleasure, and I will try and meet his thrusts so that he goes deeper and deeper and see's me responding to his efforts. I'll moan louder and louder so that he hears my appreciation and love for him.

Of course if he's tired after a long and stressful day at work, then I'll let him lie on the bed. I spread lube all over his cock, and I push my own fingers into my ass. I'll squat over him and gently lower my asshole onto his cock. Once he's in I'll get into a comfortable position, so that I can ride his cock. I'll ride him as hard and as fast as I can, to let him know that despite him being tired, I love him and his cock so much that I'm determined to get him to cum inside me.

And I'll let him come inside me. If he works hard for me, then the least I can do is let him cum up my arse. And I'll thank him for fucking me hard, and tell him what a good lover he is, and how well he fucks me. Then I'll let his cum seep out of my stretched asshole. I'll put my hand underneath my crack so that his cum drips out onto in. Then as a sign of my love I eat as much of his cum as possible, fresh from my arse. I know he enjoys seeing me eat his cum, and after all he does for me, I shouldn't waste any of his precious seed. So I'll swallow it, and I lick my fingers clean, and I'll search around my fucked male pussy to make sure I get every last drop. He works hard for me, and the least I can do for him is to please him and show him that he and his cock are wanted.

Of course he won't always come home alone. Sometimes he'll bring friends and work colleagues. And if he asks me to, then I'll put on a show for them too. I'll suck his friends' cocks, one by one, allowing them all to cum in my mouth, and of course I'll swallow it. They can bend me over and stick whatever they want into my male pussy. If they want to fuck me, of course they can. If they want me to insert bigger and bigger dildo's into my pussy, then I will. If they want to come into my gaping asshole, then they can. And once they've all come into my abused entrance, then I'll squeeze it out onto a plate or into my hand, and make sure that I swallow every last drop. My lover works hard for me and it is important that I show my appreciation by sexually pleasing him and his friends.

I love him, and all he asks in return is that be prepared to spread my legs or open my mouth and be fucked. And because I love him I'll happily do it.