 (Reading parts 1, 2 & 3 will help understand the flow of my story into the world of bisexual pleasures)

*****

The wonderful session I had enjoyed with both Natasha and Harry out on the beach ended and gradually all five of us guys returned to our bungalow. For one reason or another, we all were too tired to do much more than crash. Peter and Bob were in one two-bed bedroom. George and I in another and Harry, the oldest of us, in the third bedroom by himself. 

"Anyone want to join me in a spliff or two?" asked Harry.

"You brought some shit here with you?"

"Yeah, why not? No parents, no grow-ups and no police around. Seems like a good place to enjoy a quiet toke or two." Harry showed us the two joints he had smuggled in with his socks. 

They were actually not too big or fat and if shared between all five of us would just give us all a mild buzz, no more. 

Peter, Bob and George declined.

"Been drinking too much and I know I'll be sick if I smoked too." said Peter. 

Bob had never smoked before and was not into it. George was already fading away on one of the beds anyway. He just turned to the side and fell asleep.

"You on?" Harry asked me.

"Yeah, why not."

"Not here guys," admonished Peter. "you go to your room, Harry. Close the door and leave the window wide open all night. The smell lingers on and sticks to our clothes and we don't want any trouble later."

"I'm going to shower first." I said, getting up "seems like I've got sand all the way up my crack!"

"I bet you have!" laughed Harry, knowingly as he got up to go to his room.

I had a quick shower and drying off, slipped on a dry pair of loose boxers. By the time I was going to Harry's room, both Peter and Bob had gone to theirs for the night.

"Shut the door."

I did as Harry asked as I went into his bedroom, which like the other two, had two single beds side by side. He sat cross-legged on one and he lit the joint, drawing in deeply from it. He too had taken off his swimsuit, but had just wrapped a towel around his waist. The way he sat I could not help but see his balls through the slit of the towel ends. He passed the joint to me.

"You liked my fingering you, huh?"

How could I deny it? I had pressed back hard against his finger, wanting to feel it slip deeper into my ass. 

"Tell me the truth, whose touch turned you on the most? That chick you were playing around with, or my fingering your boy-pussy?" 

There it was again, not my ass, my boy-pussy!

Without even thinking about it I squeezed my ass cheeks together remembering how he had been inside me just a few hours ago.

"It's not a boy-pussy Harry, and it is not a clit either." I replied, remembering what he had called my modest cock the day we had first sucked each other off. "it's my ass and my cock!"

"I know, I know" he laughed, taking the joint off me and pulling on it again. "but I get the feeling it turns you on when I talk like that. Sort of brings out your feminine side, right?"

How did he know me so well? 

It was true, when he and I were together like that, somehow, I felt, or imagined myself as the girl. In fact, thinking of my femme side when with him increased the level of pleasure he gave me. And he, in my mind, took on a macho role far more than his reality. 

I was buzzed, not too much, but enough to lean over and stick my hand through the slit of his towel. There I found that Harry's soft cock was no longer soft. Talking about this had made him hard.

"You like it too, Harry. You like thinking of me as femme. Why? Salves your conscience? Not gay if the guy you are sexing it with is almost a girl?"

"Maybe, but you have to admit that you do go quite girly when I touch you."

That was so true.

I kneaded his cock with one hand and took off the towel with the other. He pulled down my boxers and there we were again, two naked and rampant youths, one all macho, the other already feeling a strong feminine response within me as I offered my body to Harry.

"Let me touch your tits, baby." Harry started to fondle my chest. I had started to realise over the last few weeks that my nipples were very sensitive. I did have rather meaty chest for a guy and my nipples seemed to reacted to a caress, getting stiff and hard like those of any woman.

My nipples reacted quickly and I lay back submissively, admitting to him and to myself, with no need for any words, that the femme me was here for him. 

Harry kept squeezing my chest gently. Though not fat by any means, for a guy, my chest was rather full. Not only that, under Harry's expert caresses, even I felt I had tits, if only just for him.

"Kiss me!" Harry said.

This was new. 

I had never kissed a guy, but as I watched Harry's full lips closer and closer to mine, something clicked inside my head. Yes. I wanted to be like a girl for him. I wanted to feel like a girl. Damn, I was already feeling like a girl when his first kiss sealed the way we were becoming for each other. 

His kiss was strong but gentle. His tongue flicked over my lips and, like a young pussy opening up for its first fuck, my lips opened to let him in. This was different to kissing a girl, but just as pleasurable. Or perhaps even more than that now that in my mind, I had accepted my role as the submissive femme half of these bisexual sessions.

His hands never stopped feeling my chest. Somewhere in my head I accepted and loved his fondling my ... breasts! 

As he broke off that very long kiss, he asked me:

"Just between us, you are my girl, ok?"

I nodded.

"You have a clit, a boy-pussy and breasts, agreed?"

I nodded, never letting go of his big cock, that magic wand which switched on my bisexuality to its bidding.

"Lie back, Baby." (Baby? Me? Yes!)

Turning around he got himself into a 69 position. 

"Now we suck each other off. But the next time we are naked on a bed together ... I will make you fully my woman!"

I think I was shaking as I took him into my mouth, holding his heavy balls in my hands. 

Oh, that feeling of sucking Harry's cock! It was the most sensual of feelings. His taste, his texture, his heat, all combine somewhere in my head to a peak of pleasure I had never felt before. Harry meanwhile was sucking my ...yes, my clit! His fingers playing over my taint, tickling it, pressing on it.

"Put it in!" I begged.

"No Baby, you are too dry and I want your pussy well lubed and very clean the day I fuck it and make it fully my cunt forever."

I almost swooned! Harry was going to fuck me, to make me HIS Baby. It was too much to imagine, but so much desired by this new femme me.

We both went back to sucking each other but I was so turned on by then that I spasmed and came into Harry's mouth just minutes later. I did not care. It was his cock I wanted to please. I sucked and with my hand on its base, I pumped it too so as to make him harder and stiffer. I loved the feel of cock on my mouth and my hand. This was way more exciting than any girl I had ever been with.

"Yes, yes, yes!" he breathed, letting out spunk into my hungry femme mouth. 

I drank it eagerly, wanting more and feeling Harry soften in my mouth till his cock slipped out soft and spent.

Again, the thought came to me. 

Where was this taking me to?

How far would I go?

What if ...