 This is not an original story. If you're reading this you've probably read it a thousand times already. Twenty-one-year-old college straight guy has a smart, beautiful girlfriend with a big brain and big breasts and an even better appetite. But no matter how great the conversations are, the chemistry is and the sex feels right, something in him cannot be satisfied. So, while she's off on a family vacation in the Swiss Alps or something, he goes on that website he's been secretly lurking on since he was fifteen. Only this time, he takes that final step. After talking to a complete stranger, he decides to meet up with him. And within the hour the self-proclaimed ladies man who has every girl in his class fawning over him and his perfect relationship with a girl is taking a 12-inch dick up his stomach, moaning like a porn actress. 

And yet, it is mine. Or at least, a more romantic, fictionalized version of my story. I did have the girlfriend and the reputation, and I did maintain for the longest part of my life that I was in fact straight. Where this story begins is with that first dick. The one that pushed me over the edge and made me crave more and more, until I became what that dick was to me; the thing every straight guy craved.

It was a Thursday I remember. My roommate was already back home with his parents in the south of the country otherwise I would've never risked it. My room in our shared attic apartment, in an stately building where the ceilings were still made of wood and the electricity lines ran outside of the walls, didn't have a door. So if I were to let a strange man into our house and my asshole, I'd prefer it when my straight but virgin roommate couldn't see it. 

I hadn't seen any pictures of him. Monty, shall we name him. Why not. Monty turned out to be a twenty-three year old Black man almost as tall as the ceiling. He was dressed in a large red sweater with an equally red hat and slouchy jeans. He didn't say much, didn't want anything to drink and didn't seem to be pre-occupied with my nerves. He simply commanded me to lay on my cheap pull-out couch and pulled down my pants and underwear until my ass was exposed to him. I didn't have any lube because I had no idea how sex between men worked. I just knew I wanted it. I saw his dick, it was long and hard and slightly bend. I wanted it inside me. That's all I knew. So when he took cooking oil and dripped it over my ass until it was so slick it reflected light, I didn't care that it stained my bed and trousers. I just cared about what came next.

He put his pink head in between my cheeks and I immediately felt like it was the most erotic thing to ever happen to me. It felt warm and soft and it thrilled me so much I was shaking. Then it reached between my large brown buttocks and touched my asshole. Now if you're wondering, yes I did try to be as hygienic as I could and yes I also was one of those straight men who thought touching their own ass was gay. So, having someone else touch it, another man with his penis nonetheless, was a sensation. 

It turned me on so much that all the horror stories about taking dick up the ass felt over-exaggerated. Or maybe it was the amount of oil. But his giant dick popped past my ring inside of my hole and reached further. And further. And further. Until my entire lower body was roasted on a stick and I felt his warm, muscled body through our clothes on top of me. I whimpered a bit and he whispered in my ears, "this is what you wanted right?". And with that he started fucking me.

As his long dick moved up and down my ass and I realized that this was all I wanted for the rest of my life, I moaned loudly. I didn't care if my neighbours heard me or if my roommate would come home to see me. I moaned in pleasure as a penis was massaging me inside in a way I didn't know other people could make you feel. It felt like a huge lie that men shouldn't lay with men and a crime to mankind that this kind of pleasure was in any sense forbidden or stigmatized. Men should lie with other men. Man's penis should go inside a man's asshole. And God if this would send me to hell than book me a ticket because I was a man and I loved the feeling of dick in my asshole. I moaned louder as he slammed harder, only now it was starting to hurt. 

He grabbed both my arms and whispered, "you're at least a little bit man, right?". With that, I realized I no longer actually was. My manhood, the one I had so tried so hard to defend by taking a girlfriend, by denying every rumor about my sexuality, was actually taken. He was penetrating it with his dick up my anal cavity into my guts. I whimpered as I surrendered completely as a total slut and he quickly started to moan too.

He pulled out, asked for a towel to clean up the oil from his body, pulled up his pants and left. I never saw him again. But I knew that my hole was now wide open for business. 

I told you, this is not an original story.