 My time discovering straight dick wasn't as slutty as later parts of my life would be. Sure it seems like my hunger to be penetrated was awakened and thus I sat on every pole I could find, but I was a lot more discreet than that. It took me a while to come out to my college friends. The hardest of all was my straight roommate. 

He was my best friend in everything. We synced our humor, we finished each other's sentences and when one went somewhere without the other, people were utterly confused. Telling him I liked dick felt like a betrayal for what otherwise was a perfectly normal straight bromance. He responded admirably though, he didn't really care. Or it seemed. And I know what you're thinking. Virgin roommate, close bond, you just admit to being gay, surely by the end of this paragraph he's balls deep inside of you. I wish. For how much I considered him my platonic friend and how deeply unattracted I was to his skinny physique and slouchy style, I did often jerked off to the thought of him finally crossing that line. Of walking from his room to mine and penetrating me in the night. No one would have to know, as far as people didn't already gossiped about our bond. He could still be straight but he'd just no longer be a virgin. Win win. This is not that story. 

The other half of our friend group was a couple, Sean and Esther feel like good names. Sean and Esther started out friends and became lovers and through it all we were close friends. If my roommate and I were not with each other, either Sean or Esther surely was with us. We completed each other. Sean and him had a love for sports, me and Esther for sappy movies. We were really close. The most distance was perhaps between me and Sean and because neither of us necessarily wanted this, we planned weekly beers while we joked that our "wives" were working. Yes, this is that kind of story.

"So you're really gay?" Sean asked me after the sun had already set and we had moved from the terrace of the café to inside with our fourth set of beers.

"I don't know," I answered honestly. Sex with my ex girlfriend was dull missionary in hind sight, but only because I thought all the extra positions in which porn stars did it were exactly what girls didn't want. But still, it was hot. I was attracted to her body and boobs and warm, wet pussy. Perhaps I wasn't really gay. But all the attraction also faded away when I thought about sex with men. When the two men had entered me, I felt like a woman. Submissive, overpowered, not even considering the option that I could orgasm because men are so selfish. It didn't feel straight or bisexual to feel that way. 

"I guess so," I continued, an answer to both him and my own worries.

"I never would've guessed, man" he said, sipping his bear before putting it down. "I never would've guessed." He was obviously drunk and it was kind of funny seeing him so torn that a bro dude of his was now a bitch other men mounted. 

"Sorry I don't announce it every time I walk into a room," I quipped. He laughed. "You... never?" I asked genuinely wondering, somehow hoping that if the answer was no I could definitely say I was gay, for straight men simply don't doubt. 

"Of course I thought about it," he answered to my surprise. "It just doesn't turn me on," he said looking at me with a more sober stare. 

Sean was everything my roommate was not. He could grow a full beard, loved to dress in brands and was skinny but fit. He was also a sweetheart who never had to be mean or rough to prove his masculinity. He was just a guy's guy without question. 

I nodded politely and the conversation went on to other stuff. Time flew by as it always did and Sean invited me over to his place for more beer. We were in our early twenties and in college, alright? Alcoholism was sort of the main bonding experience for us all. So of course I agreed even though neither of us had bikes and the busses had long stopped running to that part of town. 

And thus Sean and I found ourselves in the middle of some resident neighborhood slowly walking on a summer's eve slurring our words. I was ranting about something incredibly important to me at the time and hadn't noticed that Sean had stopped in his tracks. When I finally did I stop talking and turned around to see where he was. Sean stood in the middle of the road with his pants down and his dick out. It was longer than I always imagined it was, thinner too. As far as I ever thought about Sean's dick, whom was very much like a kind brother to me. Until this point at least.

"So this is what you like?" he said, still slurring his words but standing as confidently as he could.

I looked at his soft dick bungling between his legs and couldn't help but laugh at the thought of some housewives looking past her blinds and seeing a drunk frat dude with his dick out on her perfect the street. 

"Yes, this is what I like but not like this," I laughed. As gay as I now admitted to myself I was, a drunken flaccid phallus wasn't gonna do it for me. 

Sean giggled like he was a school girl and stepped closer. But because his jeans were on his ankles he almost tripped. I, somehow thinking more clearly now that I had seen his junk, caught him. And then it happened. The spark. It ignited as soon as he held onto both my arms and it shot through me, down my spine down to my toes and up to my brain. I was perplexed.

I looked Sean in his eyes. And he, this drunken fool, looked back with a hungering lust in his eyes. And he kissed me. I had never kissed a boy. I had been fucked twice and I had never kissed a boy. I had never had my head held by a man's rough hands. Felt the embrace of his strong arms as the beard tickled my own scruff. And yet Sean did all of that. And as I melted into him, like a princess to her prince, I forgot we were in the middle of the street and he had his pants down out of some weird drunken curiosity. It was the most romantic thing and it swept me off my feet. 

I didn't know what else to do but to dig my grip into his jacket and pull him to the side of the road. There was a small lake on the other side of the street opposing the neat houses where decent straight families surely would riot upon seeing young men lock lips. I saw a thicket and pulled Sean to it. But Sean, still with his pants on his ankles, and more drunk than I was, tripped and took me down with him.

I landed on my back and he landed on top of me and we both laughed. This was absurd. He had a girlfriend. He was my friend. But the way he was looking at me, laughing, the way his body towered over me, it didn't feel strange or wrong. 

"I lied," he said, suddenly no longer slurring his words. He didn't clarify which lie but I knew it was about the conversation he had earlier. About him not being turned on by the thought of men. The proof was in between his legs as his dick was now rock hard and pressing against my crotch. 

We kissed again, so passionately our teeth clashed into each other. I didn't care. I grabbed his face with both my hands and pushed my tongue inside of his mouth. He became more focused and undid my pants. It took some tries but he finally unbuttoned it, before dragging it off, forgetting I still had my shoes on. We laughed again as we awkwardly, carefully untied my laces. When both my shoes and pants were off, he crashed back on top of me and it felt divine. 

Something about being so close to a guy, about knowing him so well, about this drunken stooper and this not too cold summer night under the stars in the grass in the dark where no one could see us, was absolutely perfect. Sean moved his hips and his hard cock grinded against my own. My naked legs grazed his bare ass. That alone was almost enough to make me cum. Feeling his hot pole through my fabric, while he held me in his arms. 

He looked me in the eyes and I looked into his. We both wanted this. Just for now. Just to try. I hadn't prepared at all. If anything the beer deemed my bowels unreliable. But I wanted to risk it. I pulled off my boxers and in his greed, Sean helped me. He spit in his hands and with two fingers wetted my asshole. He looked so jockey while doing so, towering over me while he fingered my cunt like I was a girl. Feeling the tip of his fingers massage my hole made me spread my legs. He spit in his hand again and now wet the tip of his dick. 

Since it was dark, looking wasn't really helpful, so I grabbed his cock, his warm throbbing cock, and guided it to my entrance. I don't know why but as much as I wanted it, this was the first time penetration hurted. It hurted so much I thought I would rip. Sean, used to wet women I'm sure, didn't notice and sank deeper until his head popped in. My ring immediately cringed and Sean moaned in pleasure. He couldn't resist and sank deeper into me while I felt his foreskin being pushed back by my entrance. 

"God you're tight," he whimpered in my ear, seemingly completely surrendered to my hole. When his pelvis touched my ass and his upper body was on top of mine, I thought I would pass out from the pain. But then he started kissing me. Softly, gently. He wrapped me in his arms and buried his face in my neck and kissed me there too. 

I relaxed, breathed out and then I felt my asshole relaxing. I spread my legs further, even though I had never done that and felt more of a woman than ever before. I wanted this college dude to fuck me like an animal and release his pent up sexual frustration and biological urge. I held on to Sean's upper body as I kissed his ears before our lips met again.

"Take me," I whimpered.

"This feels so fucking good man," he laughed as his lower body started grinding me and I felt his dick move my insides. All I could do was moan in reply and we kissed again. 

Sean increased his pace as he fucked me against the grass, every thrust pushing me a little bit further up. I dug my fingers into his jacket and held in the urge to scream so loudly I would wake everyone in the neighbourhood . He started grunting. And then we both went wild.

With loud hard slaps Sean smashed my cheeks to smithereens as his penis retracted almost completely before torpedoing into my canal again. I repressed every scream but still couldn't help but let out shrieks as he clutched Sean's shoulders, hair and neck. He bit my ears and my legs wrapped around his bare ass. He put one hand on my face as he pushed three fingers in my mouth to prevent me from making more sound. And then he grabbed my dick with his other hand. 

He started pulling it, but it didn't need much. I came with a few strokes as his hard dick destroyed my prostate. White hot cum oozed over his hairy hands. He looked at it and skipped a breath. His body flinched, and he fell on top of me, moaning louder than I had until then. I felt slimy goo drip out of my hole as his dick flopped out. 

We lay there panting for a couple of minutes, completely spent in a perfect disgusting forbidden bro sex kind of way, until he got up. Turned out I hadn't been as clean as I hoped I would be and I needed to sacrifice my underwear to get rid of the mess. I don't know if it was that or simply because with his orgasm his curiosity ended, but Sean awkwardly said goodbye and left me standing on the street.

We never spoke again of that night again. We stopped our weekly drinking evenings and not too long after my roommate couldn't hide his homophobia anymore. I moved to a different city and I never saw any of them again. From what I hear Sean and Esther are still together. I hope they're happy. Sean taught me three things that night. Passion can come in the most unexpected of places. Straight men can be curious enough to fuck a guy and still be straight. And neither of those things mean a damn thing other than sex.