 I don't claim to speak for all cock suckers but what I'm about to reveal isn't going to come as a surprise to those who have given this subject any thought at all. Married cock suckers, in general have a guilt complex! That's right. If you think about it why would a normal, healthy, married man actively seek out men to "service"? Something is rotten in Denmark.

Ok, maybe late in life they discover they are "bi"....really? How? Why?

Something is not right somewhere. Wife no longer has sexual desire. Failure at work. Something makes a man get down on his knees and suck a cock. That something is self loathing. He is punishing himself for sins real or imagined. By becoming servile he is submitting himself to a superior. Accepting his lower station in life. Becoming good at something, even if it is being a cock sucker.

Now that you know the obvious you can help your cock sucker achieve a level of subservience that will make him happy! You do want a contented cock sucker don't you?

First, while he has a mouth full of your cock praise him. Praise his talents but use the most demeaning language you can muster. He's not your friend right now. He's in full cock slut mode and if he just works harder on giving you a great blow-job you know you are on the right track.

Second, have him suck you in a variety of places. If he went down on you in your living room or den change it up. Use the kitchen! Use the garage. Do it outdoors if possible. (It is not recommended that you do this anywhere that you might be arrested for indecent exposure.) Check out the sight lines into your bedroom. If you are satisfied that the neighbors can't see in then leave the drapes open. Especially during the day. No one can see into a darkened room anyway but it seems so decadent.

Third, get a friend involved. This is a hard one for most of us. We're not openly gay and have marriages to protect but if possible you should get a third party involved. Always remember that the more men that are involved the greater the risk. That being said, another married man who enjoys a good blow-job is just what your cock sucker needs. And wants! He really wants to be humiliated by going down on you while someone else is watching. And, even better, if you whore him out you will make his day.

Start by talking about it when his mouth is full of your cock....if he doesn't object you cam be sure it excites him!

Let's say you usually meet on Saturday mornings. Have your friend there when your cock sucker arrives. Introduce them, "Harry, this is my cock sucker, Bill." Just be matter of fact. If he doesn't bolt you and "Harry" are going to have some fun with your slut. Next tell him to strip. You and "Harry" stay dressed. You've heard of CFNM? This is CMNM. Two fully clothed men and one naked man. Guess which one is the cock slut. Tell him to kneel in the middle of the room and play with his own cock. stand in front of him and tell him to kiss your crotch. (Harry should be seated where he can watch.) By this time you know your cocksucker will do just about anything you want.

Tell him to pull down your zipper and get your cock out. Tell him to kiss it. Tell him to tell "Harry" that he is your cocksucker but that he loves cocks and wants to suck his! Tell him to crawl over to "Harry" and beg him to suck his cock. Take your time, let him go back and forth between the two of you...it could take all morning!

The key to happiness for your cock sucker is taking him as low as he can go.

There are loads of places for him to suck you off. Take him shopping. A dressing room provides a nice private place for him to go down on you. Newer buildings have large "handicap" restrooms with locks on the doors and loads of room for the two of you. (In the right place "Harry" could open the door on the two of you! Talk about a rush your cock sucker won't soon forget.) Banks have private rooms for their safety deposit customers. The list is almost endless; use your imagination.

What about women? If you are lucky enough to know one that likes to play so much the better! Maybe she has a place you can bring your cock sucker or better still she's "Harry's" wife. Nothing like making him strip in front of a stranger who is female and then entertain her by sucking your cock and/or her husbands! If she's open to the idea of watching him suck cock she'll most likely want him to eat her pussy. Why not make him a total slut? She might even go for him eating her while you fuck her. Talk about building memories.

There's one more thing he's not telling you. He's afraid to admit that he wants you to fuck his ass. Why not? You fuck his mouth already. Start by talking about how great his ass looks while he's sucking you. If he doesn't object get him into a position where you can play with his balls. If he lets you finger fuck him his ass is yours! Make him happy! Make him the cock loving whore he wants to be!

I can guarantee that for at least one cock sucker every thing I've told you is true. It all started with my answering an ad; you know the kind. We met and I sucked his cock. Over the next few weeks he made me a cock hungry slut. He stripped me in front of both men and women; sometimes at the same time. He whores me out. I can't get enough. Our time together is the one time during the week that I can relax and be real. I never know what to expect but I do know that I'll leave his place happy! Thanks, Rick!