 The day had finally come. I'd soon be moving into my newly refurbished house, according to the contractor, Mr. Gorton. Well, hopefully it really would be done this time. Mr. Gorton or Marty the malefactor as I sometime referred to him, had promised that everything was finished and done exactly according to my specifications. According to him, all that was left was my final inspection and approval.

I'd found a great piece of beach front property with a decent house on it. The house itself was something of a wreck, but it had a great view, lots of space and definite potential.

After six months of planning and a whole year of work I was finally happy with the results. Marty's reputation for excellent workmanship only slightly surpassed his reputation for being a reprobate. I had fired his ass several times over the past eighteen months, but somehow we'd always managed to work things out.

I pulled into the driveway and saw a workman's truck. I just assumed that it was one of Marty's.

As I stepped inside, I looked around. Everything seemed to be in order.

"Hey! Marty?" I yelled.

No answer. I walked in looking around to make sure that everything was as clean as I had specified.

We'd gone around and around about the fact that the finished product be immaculate. After all I was paying him top dollar so I expected a certain level of excellence. That included cleaning up after his workmen were done.

After a few seconds I saw a head pop up from behind the newly installed wet bar.

"Where's Gorton?" I demanded angrily.

"Well, I don't actually know where he is at the moment, but"

"What?" I interrupted, very irritated.

This wasn't the first time that Marty had stood me up, but it would surely be the last.

"But", The guy insisted, "He called me not long ago and said that he would be here any minute."

"Well, why the hell didn't he call me to say that he'd be late?"

"Hmmm, I really couldn't say." He said, politely. "Is there anything I can do for you?"

I didn't respond. I just walked around the house inspecting every little detail. Trying to find some fault that I could complain about. The workman simply went back to his task, which was cleaning out the cabinets that he'd just recently finished installing.

After I'd cooled down a bit, I went back into living room where the guy was finishing up. In all honesty, after walking around my newly reconditioned house, I was really quite pleased.

It finally struck me that I had been unduly rude to this workman. He was a really shabby looking guy with almost shoulder length dark curly hair and a three day old beard. His baggy assed work clothes only added to his unkempt look. But that was certainly no excuse for my behavior.

His eyeglasses were the old fashioned Buddy Holly kind which had probably made him even more invisible to me. He didn't look any different than the rest of the guys who'd worked here before.

There was certainly nothing remarkable about this guy, except the fact that I had been unnecessarily rude to him and that just wasn't me. For most of my life I'd made it a point to try to treat everyone with the same degree of respect I would expect. This was especially important now that I had quite a bit of money.

I slowly ambled back over to where he was working.

"Listen I'm sorry about all that. I'm Craig." I said, offering him my hand.

"Yes, I know who you are Mr. Brooks." He said accepting my hand with a smile and shaking it firmly. "And don't worry about it."

"Yeah, well, I really feel I should apologize to you for being so nasty earlier." I told him.

"Oh no, its no problem." He waved it off as unimportant. "Mr. Gorton has a way of pissing off all of his clients sooner or later."

As we gazed at each other, he removed his glasses. I finally noticed the color of his eyes and I was quite amazed. At first they seemed to be an almost liquid color of pale brown. Like the color of raw honey reflecting the early morning sun. They were the brilliantly luminescent.

In fact, upon closer inspection I discovered that his eyes weren't exactly brown. Well, not entirely brown I should say. There were flecks of green radiating out from the pupil, which blended and balanced the color.

I just stood staring at him like an idiot. I was immobilized by his eyes.

The stark contrast of his beautifully luminescent eyes and thick, black hair simply astounded me. In my entire life, I don't believe that I had ever seen eyes quite that color. Especially on a dark haired man.

Suddenly I realized that I was still holding his hand firmly in my grip. I relaxed my hand intending to break the handshake, but it was he who held onto my hand now.

I tried to stop staring. I backed my focus off his eyes and sort of looked past him, gazing around at the room. When I returned my eyes to him, I quickly took his full measure, looking him up and down. He just stood silently, kind of grinning at me.

Once again I tried to relinquish the handshake. But he only smiled and used his other hand to grasp mine more firmly and give it a few more pumps.

"I'm Jake Bauer by the way." He said in a low deep tone.

Not knowing what else to say I indicated to the job he'd just finished. "Well, you've certainly done a fine job on the bar Jake."

He continued to stared into my eyes, still holding my hand in his and smiling.

Finally I pulled my hand out his, trying not to use too much force. He looked me up and down, exactly as I'd done to him a moment ago, only he was far more obvious about it.

"The next move is up to you." His expression seem to say.

What the hell was going on here? I'd been able to resisted the flirtatious attempts of most other men before. And women too for that matter. What made him so special?

I really had no idea what to do next. I knew what I wanted to do, which was thank him for his work and walk away, but I was glued to the spot. I hate when I feel awkward and tense like this.

Who the fuck is this guy? More importantly why am I so attracted to him?

Suddenly, as if I were watching the actions of someone else, I saw my own hands reach out and start to unbutton his shirt. His eyes followed the movements of my hands, then he looked back up at me. He sort of cocked his head to the side and raised one eyebrow quizzically, as if silently asking, "What the hell are you doing?" I froze.

He saw the panic register on my face as I stopped all motion. And then a mischievous little grin played across his sensuously full lips. This fucker was toying with me.

I couldn't help thinking what a bad idea this was as he quickly reached out and unbuckled my belt. Still fixing me with his gaze, Jake leaned in and kissed me.

Within second we were both naked from the waist up and quickly had our pants down around our ankles. Just as quickly I had him bent over my new bar counter.

His furry little round ass was quite a sight. I knew it wasn't going to be very easy for me to fit my oversized cock into his tight fuck hole.

Before I knew what was happening, I was half way up his tight hole. It took a mouthful of saliva and quite a bit of effort to force the first half of my long thick dick up inside this man. I was rushing this fuck at an insane pace, but I didn't care. I was relentless and brutal.

Somehow he'd managed to get one of his work boot clad feet out of the tangled trousers around his ankles. This gave me more room to spread his well muscled and hairy legs even further apart.

All I heard was a lot of "Motherfuck!" and "Damn That Hurts!" for the first few minutes. Finally I settled into a good fucking rhythm with him. He was taking my big thick dick like a champ now. I could see his tight ass ring cling to my rod on the out strokes.

It hadn't been easy getting my cock inside this man. Even after plowing the first half of my dick into him, his asshole was still like a vise. Thankfully, he was quiet now, just little grunts and groans. I paid no attention to it as I drove my manhood up inside his little round butt.

I pushed his head down further onto the faux marble counter top and roughly grabbed his waist as I tried to get my cock even deeper into his sexy body.

I figured that this was just a quick fuck with a guy that I'd never see again after today, so why not fuck the hell out of him. His asshole resisted every stroke and that just fueled my fire. I couldn't stop this action even if I wanted to. My lust had taken me over and it was very clear at that moment that this is what I was born to do.

I noticed the small patch of black hair at the base of his spine that crept right down into the crack of ass. I was falling more in love with this guy with every thrust.

Before I had so roughly and carelessly spun him around, I'd noticed how well defined his body was. Especially his torso which was dusted with a smooth layer of dark hair that seemed to lay down against his skin.

I couldn't have known how good he would look beneath those ratty construction clothes he wore. The combination of his muscular body and tight round butt just made me more horny, so I worked his ass extra hard.

This man was as tight as I've ever felt. There were moments when I thought the skin would rip right off my dick or that it would break in half trying to get back inside him.

His strong and calloused hand on my thigh told me that he couldn't take much more. His hand kept alternately squeezing and then trying to push me backward. But I wasn't about to abandon this prize. I was in way too deep to think about anything other than a full fledged fuck.

I could only imagine the pain he must have been in. However, at that moment, I couldn't have cared less. Actually I did care, I just couldn't stop.

He wasn't making much noise at all, but I could see the contortions of his face as he turned his head from side to side. Again, this only fueled my fire.

I drove my lust engorged cock in and out of him with little regard for his feelings or needs. I could feel him jerk and tense under me but I was only concerned with my impending orgasm which was fast approaching. My balls were already pulled up tightly against my body and ready to explode.

At moments like these I get very philosophical. How could any man ever deprive himself of such a sweet piece of nirvana like his buddy's asshole? It's one of the sweetest pleasure imaginable.

At the same time, we both heard the footfalls outside the door. They were coming up the stone stairs. We both froze in mid stroke. His hand on his cock and my dick halfway in, halfway out of his tight asshole.

From that moment forward, everything seemed to move in slow motion. Sort of like time-lapsed photography, where you don't catch every second, just momentary glimpses of things just before time moves forward again and then stops.

The door knob began to turn slowly and before I could even blink Jake had pulled his ass off my dick and was trying desperately to get his pants back on while simultaneously running to the far corner of the bar. It would have been quite comical under almost any other circumstance.

The door flung open and there stood Marty. I could only watch as his eyes came up to meet mine. We looked at each other for just a second, then his eyes dropped right down my body to my still pulsing hardon. I was mortified.

I stood there naked before this man whom I'd insisted for so long, take me seriously over these past months. I was thoroughly humiliated. I was a deer caught in the headlights. I couldn't move. He just stood there, staring at my throbbing cock for a long moment.

Finally his eyes ran back up my taut body to meet my wide open and staring eyes. But by then I was staring back at Jake who had finally gotten his trousers up and was still buttoning them. I could see him pleading silently with me not to look in his direction, but by then it was too late. Marty had followed my gaze and seen him in the far corner.

Then suddenly everything snapped back into perspective. "After all this is my fucking house!" I thought to myself.

"Can I have a moment of privacy please, Mr. Gorton!" I said with a great deal of authority in my voice.

It was all I could think to say as I fix my eyes back on Marty. He briefly cast a disdainful look in Jake's general direction and then back at me.

"Of course Mr. Brooks."

As Marty backed out of the house, all I could do was take a deep breath and sigh. Jake laughed right out loud.

"Hmm, this could be trouble." He said in a tone that mocked the seriousness of the situation. He finished dressing and gathering up his tools.

"Will he fire you?" I asked, pulling up my pants and finding my shirt.

"Who Marty?" Jake asked, laughing. "He can't fire me. I've already finished the job. Besides, I'm a subcontractor, not one of his permanent employees."

"Oh! Alright. But here look, you haven't exactly finished the job here have you?" I said, pointing to my still bulging crotch.

Jake just smiled at me as I fondled my crotch. We found ourselves again just staring at each other.

"Well, we'll just have to schedule a time for me to come back so the job can be finished properly." He said, winking at me.

"Here's my number. Give me a call and we'll see what we can set up." I told him.

I couldn't help thinking what a grubby looking unshaven mess he was with his clothes back on. He ran his hand through his long locks. But regardless of how he was dressed, he was definitely a good fuck.

I also couldn't help thinking how uncharacteristically I was behaving. Like a horny fucking dog. I smiled at that thought.

"Alright," Jake said, taking the piece of paper with my number on it.

"And don't worry about Marty. I've caught him in one or two compromising situations before. He wouldn't dare say anything."

"Okay."

"Well, I'd better get going." Jake said, flashing his stunning smile.

Marty came back inside a short while later. This time he knocked. We went over every single detail in the house. Since the living quarters actually start on the second level, we went down to the ground floor which is separated into two parts. The front half of the ground floor is actually the garage and back half is sort of like a basement.

We continued on up to the living quarters on the second floor and then the loft which overlooks the living room. Finally, out onto the deck which had to be completely rebuilt. I was very satisfied, so I paid him.

Early Friday morning I got things rolling. It took me no time at all to get moved in. The movers I hired had everything in place by noon. I had been buying new furnishings since the day I found the place. All of it had gone into storage until moving day. I hadn't brought anything with me from back east except my most personal possessions.

By mid Sunday morning I was all but done. The last thing I had do was set up all of my computers and audio-video equipment. Certainly the most grueling task, but also the most satisfying. I love my computers only slightly more than I love my stereo system and my CD collection.

Early Sunday evening, I got an unexpected phone call.

"Hello?" I answered.

"How's the new place?"

"Just great." I said, not recognizing the voice. "Who is this?"

"Its Jake."

"Oh hey, what's up man?" I was genuinely surprised to hear his voice.

"Look, I thought I'd drop by if you weren't too busy. You know, just to hang out for a while, or whatever."

"No, I'm not busy. Come on by."

"Have you eaten yet?"

"No, not yet." I answered.

"I thought as much. Are you hungry?"

"Yeah, a little bit."

"Not to worry, I'll be there in a flash." He hung up.

Honestly, I'd been so busy that I'd forgotten about Jake. Well, not entirely. I certainly did remembered our little unfinished fuck session.

Less than ten minutes later he was ringing the buzzer. Obviously, he'd called from his cell phone on the road.

"Come on up." I said into the intercom and buzzed the gate open for him.

When he stepped inside, I was immediately shocked and dismayed. For a second I thought that I had let the wrong person inside.

"Dinner." He held out the pizza and beer.

"And a house warming present." He handed me a bottle of wine.

"Thanks." I mumbled, absentmindedly staring at him.

God, he was stunning. The only recognizable thing about him was the color of his eyes. That very unique color was again staring back at me and I was utterly dumbfounded. Otherwise, he looked completely different.

"Something wrong?" He asked innocently, looking puzzled.

Somehow his eyebrows seemed thicker and his eyes were deeper set in his face, but that was the least of what seemed different about him. I wasn't at all convinced that this was indeed the same guy. This guy standing in my kitchen was fucking gorgeous and extremely well groomed.

"No, nothing's wrong. Come on in." I stuttered.

Jake was absolutely clean shaven. He had on a nice sweater over a plain white tee shirt and jeans. But the biggest change in him was that he'd gotten his hair cut really short. It was more like a buzz cut and it suited him extremely well. "Man, this guy cleaned up real nice." I thought to myself.

My heart started to pound furiously in my chest. I could feel my cock stretching down my pant leg.

"Oh, the haircut." He said, realizing why I was staring. He rubbed his head. "You like?"

"Yeah, absolutely. You look, uh..." I wanted to say that he looked beautiful but that wasn't quite right. He looked, well delicious. I had a brief fantasy of having my way with him right here, right now.

"Different?" He suggested.

"You look good." I said, as my mouth watered and my dick twitch in my pants. "Really good!"

"Well, thanks! That's the nicest thing anyone's said to me all day." Jake said, clapping me on the shoulder.

He was no longer the workman mutt that I'd seen him as before. He had transformed himself into a fine looking specimen of a man. My God, was I sweating?

"Yeah, I thought it was time for a change." He said, nodding and looking around absently. Then he looked directly at me. "Did you just call me a mutt?"

"Fuck, did I say that out loud?" I wondered. I was quite sure that I hadn't.

"What? No!" I answered, still looking at him.

"Oh, I could have sworn you said..." He shook his head. "Never mind."

"Come on, let's go in here." I said, as I started to walk past him into the other room.

As soon as I was close enough to him, he grabbed my arm and spun me back towards him. He stared into my face for a brief moment, then we kissed.

He grabbed me by the back of my neck and stuck his tongue inside my mouth very insistently. My arms instinctively went around his muscular torso, caressing his strong back. I felt a flash of heat sweep over me. It was pure lust.

I was out of my mind with desire for this new look on Jake. He reminded me of this male porn star that I'd once met. Only Jake was better looking and had fresher breath.

Jake had brought hot pizza, beer and wine. And not just any wine but a really nice Cabernet. I was very impressed. This guy was a little more complex than I'd given him credit for.

As we walked into the living room he said, "Wow, I see someone has been quite busy."

"Yeah, I figure its best to get it all done right away, otherwise it could take forever. I'm a habitual procrastinator."

"Looks great." He said looking around. "You must've been working around the clock the get all this done so quickly."

"Something like that."

"What? No hot tub?"

"I'm not a hot tub kinda guy."

"I don't see any of that retro crap either, good for you."

We took a couple of beers and made ourselves comfortable in front of the television. Him on the sofa, me in my obscenely expensive, new recliner.

All evidence to the contrary, I'm never comfortable around people that I don't know well. Oh, I can put up a good front, but the plain truth is, unless I'm extremely close to a person, I'm constantly on edge. And I am not close with very many people.
