 Waking up with a big rough hand other than my own down my shorts is always a little surprising. It certainly doesn't happen very often. Actually, it almost never happens.

For some reason Nick can't resist my morning wood. In fact, he's always grabbing at my package when he thinks no one is looking. I think it amuses him to see how much it embarrasses me.

Before I met Nick, I was accustomed to sleeping alone. I like my space, always have. Indeed, I rather enjoy being able to sprawl out all over my king size. But he likes to sleep over and I don't discourage this behavior, in fact I mind at all.

Nick's a very cool guy. I don't believe I've ever met anyone who doesn't like him. I believe that was the first thing that I noticed about him, the way he seems so absolutely amiable with everyone. Well, that and his eyes.

His deep set hazel eyes, constantly ablaze under a pair of thick, jet black eyebrows that perfectly match his short wavy hair. He's got what I like to refer to as bedroom eyes. They seem to sort of slant down slightly at the corners giving him a heavy lidded, sort of sly, sort of sleepy, sexy look.

Oh, and then there's his body! Even at first glance you can tell that he takes great care of himself. Since we met, we've both engaged in a sort of unconscious competition that keeps both our bodies looking really great. We're about the same height, so its easy to match each other's muscle tone and definition. Although I do out weight him by a few pounds.

At six foot, he's very lean and muscular. But its his ass that really sets him apart. Its absolutely perfect.

The first time I really noticed him was at the sports bar where he works. He was wearing a pair of chinos and I just couldn't take my eyes off that high, tight, round little ass of his. Every time he turned his back to me, I swear I could feel a little drool start to form under my tongue.

Then he spoke in that pleasantly mellow baritone voice of his and I could barely respond. Nick is handsome in a strong masculine way, much like his voice, his looks appeal to everyone.

You could never describe him as a pretty boy. Nick is all man. Very rough around the edges and sometimes very disgusting, just like me. You'll never catch him primping or doing anything that will remotely enhance his image. He's a studly guy in every respect. But he does have something of a boyish appeal about him.

From what I've observed, men, women, children, even pets seem to dig him. He just gives off a good vibe. He's sexy, alluring and innocent all at once. You can tell right away that he's the kind of guy who doesn't take himself or anything else too seriously.

There was nothing in his manner that would lead me to believe that I'd ever have a shot with him. So, I didn't even try. At least not consciously.

Curiously, and according to him, it was he, who first made a play for me, which I still find hard to believe. And again, according to him, all of his efforts to attract my attention had been summarily rebuffed. I don't really remember it that way. But, of course I was somewhat preoccupied at the time.

Its amazing that we ever got together at all. Neither of us knew that the other liked guys.

Now, as he tightened his grip on my member, I instinctively reached down and held his hand still through the thin fabric of my boxers.

Seems I'd been having a very erotic dream and was pretty close to shooting when I awoke to his touch.

Just then his cell phone rang, Nick pulled his hand out of my boxers and answered it.

Minutes later, he was dressed and hurriedly on his way to the door.

"What's up?" I asked.

"I'm not sure yet." He grumbled distractedly. "That was the manager at my trailer park."

"You want me to come with?"

"Nah, I'll call you when I find out what's going on."

Later that morning, Nick phoned to tell me that he was at the police station. I could hardly believe what he told me.

"I'll be back as soon as I can." He assured me.

The day seemed to drag on endlessly as I waited for Nick to get back or call or something.

All the waiting around was driving me crazy, so I decided to go downstairs to workout.

By no means am I a body builder, I just like to keep fit. And since there's room, I use the extra space on the ground floor behind the garage as a weight room, laundry and storage space.

Piling on the weight I completely forgot that I was home alone. It hadn't occurred to me that doing decline bench presses with this much weight and having no one here to spot me might be trouble.

So, I went for it. After two sets I was feeling good and had forgotten why I was waiting. Sometime into my workout, I lost my concentration and no matter how much I struggled, I just couldn't seem to heft the weight back up onto the rack.

Just as I was about to give up the sound of heavy boots shuffling across the concrete floor.

"Push!" A voice urge.

I opened my eyes to see Nick's crotch right over my face.

He lifted as I pushed. Together we got the weight back up onto the rack above my head.

"Thanks." I said breathlessly.

"What's with all the weight?" He questioned.

"Never mind that, what did the police say?"

He cocked a quizzical eyebrow and simply turned toward the back door. I followed him out and up the back stairs to the deck.

Passing through the sliding doors he said, "You could have been trapped under there for a long time."

"Forget about the weights, will you?" I said impatiently as I following him inside the house. "What did they say?"

"They found traces of some sort of incendiary device." He said looking extremely serious.

"A bomb? Someone tried to blow you up?" I asked incredulously.

"Well yeah, my trailer anyway." He shrugged. "Good thing I was here with you all night."

Just then Jason walked in the door.

"What's going on?" He asked.

"Someone blew up Nick's trailer." I said.

"Well, he looks alright to me." Jason smirked. "Besides, who would want to kill a bartender from Santa Barbara?"

Narrowing his eyes and shooting him a look that made it clear that he was in no mood, Nick turned and went into my bedroom.

"This is serious, you little shit!" I snapped at Jason. "He could have been hurt or worse."

"What?" Jason shrugged innocently. "I was just kidding around."

Sometimes Jason has a way irritating me beyond belief. I couldn't tell if he was really trying to be funny or if he was just being a snotty fucker because he didn't care much for Nick. Jason often puts people off because he seems to think that he's better than everyone else. A direct result of his father being rich and him being spoiled.

Ironically, his father, who was once my boss and is still a good friend, doesn't care much for his son's attitude either, which is how he came to be living out here on the west coast with me rather than still living in his dad's house back in Ohio, where we're both originally from.

Jason has long since gotten his own apartment not far from here, but still drops by my house unannounced and more frequently than I care for. I don't say much about it because I owe it to his father, to keep an eye on him while he's out here.

In fact, I owe his father, Andrew a great deal. He's pretty much responsible for my great success in life, both personal and professional. He took me under wing when I worked for him and mentored me until I was ready to strike out on my own. If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be where I am today, rich and powerful in my own right.

"What do you want anyway?" I asked Jason, barely concealing my contempt.

"I need a reason to come see you now?" He asked feigning offense. "I have to say, I'm more than a little hurt."

This was another thing I was starting to dislike about Jason. The disingenuous manner he has of always assuming the role of the innocent, injured party. Lately, his transparent, insincere behavior has been verging on repugnant.

"Right. Sorry about that." I said. "I'm just a little on edge. Why don't you come back later. We've got some stuff to work out here, okay?"

"Yeah, alright." Jason said as he left.

I went into my bedroom to find Nick lying on the bed with his hands behind his head. He appeared to be deep in thought.

"So?" I asked, eyeing him with inquisitive attention.

"So what?"

"So what the fuck is going on?"

"Don't know yet. The police said they'd get back to me if they found out anything."

"In other words, don't call us, we'll call you." I said. "They don't have any suspects?"

He just shrugged.

"Well, what do you think?"

"I don't know." Nick said after a moment's thought.

"Does your ex know where you live, I mean where you used to live?"

"Who Nicole?" He shook his head. "She's not that industrious. Besides, all of Nicole's motivation and energy goes into being Nicole."

"Yeah." I nodded pensively.

I don't know anything Nick's ex, but I sort of trust his instincts. I down at him lying there, pondering the situation. Who would go to the trouble to blow up a place that he only barely lived in? Unless there was something he wasn't telling me.

I decided to take a shower. I'd worked up quite a sweat during my workout.

While soaping myself in the shower, I thought about what to do next. By the time I was done and toweling off, I'd made up my mind.

Putting on a clean t-shirt and shorts, I sat down on the edge of the bed next to his prone body.

"I want you to move in here." I said.

"Do you think that's a good idea?"

"You don't?"

"I don't know." He shrugged.

Having put forth the suggestion, I wasn't so sure about the idea myself. I was operating purely on instinct and I knew if I thought too much about it I would be able to talk myself out of it. Still, I pressed on.

"Well, in actuality, you've already been living here since you moved out of Nicole's place, haven't you?" I asked rhetorically. "I mean that trailer was really nothing more than a storage shed."

"It was more than that." Nick objected, smiling at me for the first time.

"So what? You just don't like it here?" I queried.

"Of course I like it here. That's not the issue." He said.

"Well what is the issue?"

"Its just that, that was 'my' place. My own space. You know what I mean?"

I did. I understood completely. Normally, I'm not so generous with my living space, but given the circumstances and the nascent nature of the relationship between Nick and I, this felt like the right thing to do. Still, I had reservations about cohabitation. But I kept them to myself.

"I see your point." I said. "Okay, how about this then, you'll look around until you find a suitable place. Taking your own time of course. I mean, I wouldn't want you to end up in another shanty town, trailer park, like before. No offense intended."

"Hey, I kinda liked that trailer." Nick laughed.

"I'm just saying," I shrugged, smiling, "you can stay here as long as you like."

Nick just lay there, looking up at me impassively with those beautiful eyes. Then he smiled again.

"So what's the rent like here?" He asked.

Looking him up and down, I was tempted to say something trite and unoriginal about trading sexual favors for his rent, but I thought better of it.

"You're a guest, not a tenant."

"Alright then." He smiled, eyeing me warily. "Thanks."

"Good, its settled then." I smiled, extending my hand. "We'll fix up the loft any way you like. You can sleep up there or wherever you want."

Nick sat up, took my hand, shook it twice. Then he forcefully yanked me towards himself. His strength always surprises me. Even though we're just evenly matched in size and muscle tone, Nick is amazingly quick and agile.

We lay there face to face for a second, his beautiful hazel eyes blazing into mine. The we both laughed as he pulled me into a headlock.

Nick knows how much wrestling arouses me. Its like foreplay for me.

Laughing, I immediately began to grapple with him for dominance.

In seconds, we were wrestling around on the bed like little boys, laughing and struggling against each other, Nick and I easily lost ourselves in each others' friendship and camaraderie.

Before I knew it my dick was completely swollen and throbbing as we both expended enormous amounts of energy just to keep from being maneuvered into a subservient position.

Articles of clothing begin to disappear as we tussle with each other. T-shirts, shorts, underwear flying off one by one.

Somehow, I end up flat on my back with Nick straddling my chest, his long thick cock pointing straight at my chin. From this angle it appears quite huge. Before I knew it, Nick had his enormous cock head pressed to my lips, caressing and coaxing them apart.

Never having been a big fan of sucking dick, I considered balking at his request. But looking up at him, at his beautiful face and body, I couldn't help being wildly turned on as I ran my hands over his amazingly sculpted torso.

Nick is extraordinarily good looking without the slightest trace of vanity or conceit. He has a magnificent body and an exceptional personality as well.

As our eyes locked on each other's, it occurred to me that this man possesses a rather rare combination of human attributes. Statically, he's the equivalent of a rare and endangered species. More importantly, he seems genuinely fond of me.

If anyone on the planet ever deserved a blowjob, it was Nick. Moreover, he'd do it for me without hesitation. In fact, he often does.

My tongue shot out to greet his massive knob pressing against my lips. I labored to bathe the crown and first few inches in saliva before opening my jaws wide, accepting his steely hard sword into my mouth. Its thick veins standing out in sharp relief along the enormous column of flesh gave me a great deal of erotic pleasure.

Nick's strong hands caressed my head as my own hands squeezed and massaged his firm, round and muscular ass cheeks. My finger tips teased at his asshole while my other hand found and fondled his tightly wound testicles.

Gobbling and licking, I let Nick slide his cock over my tongue to the back of my throat again and again, stretching my lips wide with each pass. His dick and posture rigid with a singular purpose, I could feel that he was very close to release.

Abruptly he stopped all movement, as if to stave off his impending eruption. Slowly extracted his thick meat from my mouth he slid himself down my torso until he's straddling my waist. Then he reached behind himself and found my swollen, straining cock just waiting for some attention.

Nick's salacious eyes acknowledged my plea for immediate coupling. A little smile stole over his beautiful full lips as he positioned my dick head right against asshole.

First rubbing it around a bit to find just the right connection point, he planted one hand on my chest to brace himself, the other hand guided me into his hole.

With a tremendous force of effort, Nick pushed himself back onto my throbbing pole as a barking groan escaped his throat.

I could feel every tight muscle in his ass straining against the invasion as he forced my thick cock head past the threshold of his asshole and into his body.

Sliding inside Nick is like nothing else I've ever experienced. Its almost like doing battle with him. His ass muscles constantly resisting the invasion of my tremendous cock muscle. Its always very intense and the friction is sometimes almost unbearable.

Holding an deep and forceful eye contact with me he pressed his hips down driving more and more of my long, thick shaft up into himself. As I invade his body, his eyes never leave mine. Those eyes, those beautiful eyes are so expressive and intense.

Hovering over me, Nick's gaze seemed to bored into me my soul as he gave himself to me. The furrow in his brow, the flex of his strong leg muscles, the grip of his powerful hands on my chest as the heat of his hot hole envelopes my thick, pulsing rod was nearly overwhelming.

Once he's taken all that he could, Nick leaned forward and embraced my torso. I hugged him right back and kissed his neck as I stroked and caressed the strong, lean muscles of his body.

My dick feels huge and potent wedged halfway up inside him. Its all I can do to keep from shoving more of my cock into him immediately. But I that would be extremely painful for him. The sweat pouring off his body and the slight tremble of his muscles tells me that he's doing all he can to bear the pain as it is, so I give him a moment of respite to allow his widely stretched hole accommodate my hard cock.

Eventually, I started to work my hips and slide in and out of him. We held onto each other as I eased more of myself into and out of his body. The feeling is incredible. Hot, tight, amazing.

Nick's body went rigid as he finally sat upright and began to work his ass up and down my cock. Again establishing eye contact, he began to jack his own hard dick. One hand on my belly and the other frantically stoking his own member, as he began a slow ride up and down my dick.

His knees planted firmly on either side of me, the heat from his butt steadily driving me toward the edge. Nick's eyes, his body, the sweaty contact, everything about him seems to be conspiring to drive me wild.

Suddenly, his mouth dropped open and his eyes shot to the top of his head as he shuddered deeply. His hips rocketed jerkily as he unloaded all over me.

Each shot seized his body like a jolt of electricity was firing through him. The first shot reached my neck and chin, the second and third fired over my head as the trails of each shot land on my face and chest. His asshole strangling my cock with each contraction, sending wave after wave of pleasure through my body.

It was more than I could stand. I grabbed his waist and thrust upward with all my might again and again until I exploded deep inside his butt. His hot, tight ass ring still clenching around my rod only served to intensify the sensations already tearing through my body, up my spine and exploding in my brain.

"Oh God!" I screamed as my body seized violently.

Thrust after thrust, wave after wave, I throw myself into him. For one wild moment it seemed like it would never end. Wave after wave of sweet bliss crashed through my soul. I was nearly delirious. My hands grasping at him, my toes furiously grabbing curling and uncurling. My rapid breathing has sent me into hyperventilation and for a moment, there's nothing. The entire world is blotted out of my consciousness and I'm floating there all alone.

Then, just as suddenly as it began, it begins to end, leaving me with a slight tingling sensation all over my body. I can feel it slipping away, yet I know that I want more. My dick is still hard and I resume my thrusting motion.

"Easy big guy. That hurts." Nick calmly protests.

He began to disengage my still hard cock from his ass when I stopped him.

"Don't move." I commanded.

He leaned forward again and embraced me. We lay there on the bed, locked in each other's arms for a while, me still deep in him. I can't stop my cock from throbbing inside him.

Soon the moment passed, Nick palmed my face like a basketball and shook my head back and forth vigorously. We both laughed as he got up and headed off to the bathroom.

While he was gone, I just lay there on the bed, thinking. Wondering if I'd made a mistake.

Now that he officially lived here, I had to wonder if that would change our relationship in any way. I supposed it would but I didn't care to think about it just now. Finally my dick was completely deflated.

After a while Nick came out bare-chested, with only a pair of boxers on and dropped a warm wash cloth on my face.

Just the sight of him made my dick start to jump and twitch again. Yeah, I made the right decision.

---

That night in bed, after he'd fallen asleep, I just stared at him. "My God, he's beautiful, inside and out", I thought. Those thick, bushy eyebrows, those full, cherry red lips, that tautly muscled body. And don't even get me started thinking about that perfectly sculpted bubble butt.
