 I woke up early on Saturday morning, just before dawn. For a moment I wasn't quite sure where I was. All I knew was that I really needed to take a piss.

When I stepped outside I saw that a few other tents had sprung up in the clearing. I had purposely chosen this spot for its relative seclusion. They must have wandered over from the main group sometime during the night and decided to pitch their tents here.

Not a big deal though, I simply hadn't wanted to be completely surrounded by the large number of other campers in our group. I get a little claustrophobic.

I had been pretty wasted by the time I made back to my tent last night. Hell, I'm still a kind of loaded this morning.

Looking around, I counted only five other tents loosely scattered around the big glade. Out of courtesy I figured that I should at least hold it until I get out of the glade.

After another moment's thought, I decided to grab my shower gear and head on down to the facilities near the campsite's entrance.

Scott and I had planned this white-water rafting trip a few months ago. Both of us had been coming up here to this campground about every six months or so, for the past two years. Scott likes the fishing and I just really like camping. We both like drinking.

The last time we were here, just on impulse, we had joined in with some other people who had come up for a rafting trip. So this time we'd decided to bring our own group for a rafting party.

At this early hour I knew there would be no one in the showers, thus plenty of hot water and privacy.

Standing naked under the shower, I let the water rush over me. It felt good and I was just starting to relax when I heard someone turn on another shower head.

"Hey, how's it going?" A voice said. "Its Craig, right?"

I looked over my shoulder and saw that it was Marc, one of Scott's friends. This guy just rubbed me the wrong way. From the moment that Scott introduced us, I had taken an instant disliking to him.

"Alright." I mumbled, turning back to my shower.

Since he was a friend of Scott's I would make every effort to be polite. But there was no denying that I found him obnoxious, self- absorbed and generally loathsome.

Last night Marc had bragged incessantly about his "fabulous" acting career. It would have been a different thing altogether if anyone had really known his work or was even remotely interested in his prattle, but no one seem to care. He wasn't even a B actor. Only a two people had recognized him.

His wife or girlfriend, on the other hand, was sweet and terribly hot, but mostly quiet. Of course she couldn't get a word in edgewise if she tried. Scott's wife, Julia and the some of the other girls, kept her company.

Marc is extremely handsome with reddish-blond hair and deep blue eyes. He's got a ruggedly good looking face and a great build. Unfortunately, he is acutely aware of his good looks. He also has this annoying habit of putting his face way too close when he speaks to you.

"Some bash last night, huh?"

"Yeah." I mumbled, without looking his way.

My head was still a little hazy from the previous evening's drinking so I had no trouble tuning him out.

He continued talking but I really wasn't listening. Seems he had been doing that ever since I met him. Constantly vying for attention.

At some point I happened to look around and catch a glimpse of his sweet little ass. His strong, tautly muscled body looked exceptionally hot, gleaming under the shower's spray. Something in me began to stir.

My already bloated dick started to harden and rise and to my embarrassment, that was precisely the moment he happened to turn around and catch me checking him out. He flashed me a smiled.

I quickly turned my back to him. My dick continued to rise and throb. I tried to think of something else, anything else to distract me when suddenly, I heard was his voice right next to my ear. It startled the hell out of me.

"So what's on your mind?" Marc's voice rasped in my ear.

He had crept right up next to me, his naked body was now right beside mine. As I spun around, he grabbed me and I instinctively pushed him back, away from me.

"What, too soon?" He laughed.

"Too soon!?" I barked, astonished.

His dick was hard and jutting straight out in front of him like a sword. He grinned at me salaciously. It made me feel a little dirty. Meanwhile, my own dick was still betraying me by jumping and throbbing vigorously.

He took a tentative step forward, his hand encircled my pulsing cock. Still smiling at me, his pale blue eyes devoured me lewdly. His hard, muscled torso barely moved as he deftly manipulated my hardon.

"Damn, you've got some big cock on you!" Marc commented. "And a really hot body."

A million thoughts whirled through my mind as he stroked me. It was difficult to focus. I grabbed his hand, with every intention of pushing it away.

Then, without warning, he dropped to his knees and swallowed as much of my dick as he could. With nearly a third of my cock buried between those wide stretched jaws, his face looked even more attractive to me. He tried desperately to get it down his throat, but it just wasn't happening.

Still, his oral manipulation was more than I could stand. Marc definitely has skills.

Water pouring down on my backside and his hands massaging my butt cheeks I wrapped my hands around his head and pumped my hips. My thick, hard dick battered the back of throat as I pushed harder and harder. His eyes flew open and he gagged a few times. He had to stand bent over at the waist and work his head up and down, back and forth and soon, after adjusting his position, he was able to take a good portion of my cock into his throat for only a few seconds at a time.

It wasn't long before he was coaxing the molten hot juices out of my balls. When he felt my body tense the first time, he pulled his head back so I wouldn't choke him. I unloaded in his mouth.

Finally, I released his head, he turned away and spit out what hadn't dibbled down his chin. Then he looked up at me with very innocent eyes and smiled. Then he stood up and kissed me. He tasted of my cum which sort of disgusted me for some reason.

Grabbing my hand, he used it to help him stroke his own dick while we kissed. Then he turned his back to me and pressed that perfect little butt right into my crotch. He wrapped my arms around him and used my left hand to cup his balls and my right to help him jack his still hard cock. His strong, hot body felt really good against mine.

Amazingly I started to get aroused again. My dick nuzzled into the soft cleft of his round ass. I kissed his neck and ears while he jerked himself off with my hand. Before long my cock was starting to stiffen again as his butt flexed against it.

Marc's hand started to fly over his cock as he leaned back into me and I rubbed his tight torso with my free hand. Every muscle in his body stiffed. This excited me beyond belief. My dick was rock hard again and poking through between his thighs. I wanted nothing more than to fuck the hell out of him and I knew that I would soon.

---

Scott and I have been friends for a few years now. He works for one of the companies that I do computer programming contract work for occasionally. He's the manager of their Information Systems department.

Up until a few years ago, I was just another work a day stiff, like everyone else. But I got pretty lucky. A little talent, a little skill and whole lot of luck has set me up for life. Simply put, I don't have to work for a living anymore. The software game can be really lucrative.

I just take these contracting jobs to help occupy my time. When I'm idle for too long, I tend to get into trouble.

After successfully completing a couple of projects together, Scott and I became fast friends, which is unusual. There's usually a lot of competitiveness among some computer programmers. That's why I generally prefer to work alone. But Scott and I really make a good team.

Julia, Scott's wife, is really a lot of fun too, except when she's trying to fix me up with one of her random girlfriends. Other than that, she's very cool and hangs out with us a lot. More often than not, she's happy to get her devoted husband out of her hair for a while.

---

"What's going on with you, man?" Scott asked as I drove us over to white-water rafting office to double check on our arrangements for the trip down the river tomorrow.

"What do you mean?"

"You just seem a little weird this weekend. Kind of withdrawn or preoccupied or something, I don't know."

He was right of course. Generally, I'm a good natured, easygoing guy, especially around people that I'm fond of, like Scott and Julia.

However, after that little performance in the shower this morning, I suppose I was a little preoccupied. I had been careless and stupid. I hadn't given any thought to what might happen if Marc and I had been caught in such a compromising position. What was I thinking?

Even though I'm reasonably sure that no one, especially Scott, knows that I am capable of such behavior and I certainly wouldn't want him to find out like that.

"What, all of sudden you're my shrink?" I laughed, playfully thumping the side of his head.

He retaliated with a quick little rabbit punch to my shoulder and we both laughed.

"No you schmuck, I just thought something might be wrong."

"Nah, I'm alright." I smiled, feeling something akin to brotherly love at his concern.

"How 'bout you?" I asked, feigning serious worry. "Are you alright? Anything you want to get off your chest?"

"Ah, shut the hell up!"

"Cause, you know I'm here for you." I said, adding a fake tremble to my voice.

"You're such a jackass." He laughed.

I'm really very fond of Scott and his amiable personality, but some things are best left unsaid between men.

---

Back at our campsite, everyone seemed to be having a great time and once again, it was pretty late or more accurately pretty early when I decided to go off to my tent.

As I lay dozing on top of my sleeping I thought I heard some rustling outside my tent. I tried to ignore it but couldn't. Finally I sat up and listened closely.

The sound of zipping alerted me that my tent flap was being opened. I raised up onto my elbows.

"Anybody home?" A voice whispered.

It was Marc of course. Just as I suspected.

"Are you lost?" I asked sarcastically.

There was no answer. Just some quiet, subdued movement in the dark. I was clad only in boxers and a t-shirt.

"Won't your wife be missing you right about now?" I chided.

"She's not my wife." Marc whispered. "Besides, I've already given her what she needs. Wore her out in fact. Now its my turn."

No more words were exchanged. It was obvious what was about to happen. Sadly, we're two of kind. Insatiable reprobates. And as vile and contemptible as I find Marc, I still find him damn sexy.

There was no attempt to disguise my contempt for him. And he didn't pretend that it mattered to him one way or the other. We both just wanted to get off.

He fumbled with the waistband on my boxers until I moved to take them off myself.

Marc wasted no time straddling my waist and positioning my hard flesh pole at his opening. I felt him slick the head of my dick with his spit. A lot of spit. Then he started rocking his hips trying desperately to relax enough so that my fat cock wouldn't rip his ass hole apart.

He grunted quietly and pushed himself down hard. It took quite a bit of time and effort before he finally pried himself open and the head of my cock popped in. He needed to rest a bit after that struggle.

Growing impatient, I grabbed his hips, holding him in place and thrust upward with all my might. I was able to advance only a few millimeters up inside him before he drew in a sharp breath and collapse forward onto my chest.

"Take it easy dude, alright?" He panted into my ear.

It wasn't long before he was making tentative efforts to accommodate more of my cock inside him. It was slow going and I was growing impatient again. So, being careful not to lose any of the ground gained so far, I carefully rolled him over onto his back and went to work on him. There wasn't very much room in my tent so I held his legs tightly as I drove myself forcefully into him.

After a few savage thrusts I was pretty deep inside his body. Marc bit down on his fist to keep quiet. The only sounds were the occasional sharp breaths through his nostrils. I eased up for fear that we might be overheard.

When I finally hit bottom he recoiled violently and this time he did yowl, rather loudly too. I backed off a bit, then held perfectly still. My rock hard cock was throbbing and twitching in his tightly stretched asshole.

I let him wrap his legs around my body and we lay still for a while. There were no other sounds and soon I started to fuck his upturned ass again. Slowly at first and then faster as my hips began to establish their own rhythm.

His ass muscles never seemed to loosen and the friction on my cock was tremendous. I could feel his hands trying to grip and grope my back as I plowed his tight, hot butt. Both of us covered in sweat and so sexually charged that something had to give.

I knew it immediately when he started to cum. He began clutching at me as if he feared that I might get away. Then his whole body flexed and spasmed again and again. This drove me over the edge, setting my own orgasm in motion. The column of flesh I had buried deep inside him began erupting violently.

Massive tremors wracked my body as I shot volley after volley deep into his butt. I buried my face in his neck to keep from making any noise. And still I couldn't get enough. I kept pushing and pulling until the very last drop was fired.

Finally, we were both still. Trying desperately to breathe as quietly as possible. We lay like that for a long time, not moving at all.

---

The trip down river was a lot of fun. On one particularly swift rapid I "accidentally" pushed Marc over the side of our raft. After drawing a few nasty looks from the two women in our raft, I assumed a posture of innocence.

The guys, on the other hand, just laughed and seemed to get a kick out of it. Marc had been acting like a know-it-all jerk from the moment that we launched. Like he'd invented rafting or something. So I thought someone should take him down a notch.

"That wasn't very cool." Scott laughed at me.

"I know." I said trying my best to look contrite.

Then we both laughed.

We fished him out of the water a little further down the river. He didn't seem any worse for the wear nor did he seem to harbor any grudges. Actually, he seemed to enjoy my little joke at his expense.

He lost his paddle when he fell out and had to pay a hefty fee at the end of the trip. I offered to pay for it, but he wouldn't hear it of it. He took me aside and told me that he could think of a better way for me to make it up to him, later.

As I was packing up the last of my gear and getting ready to hit the road, Marc approached me and asked me when we could get together again.

---

I would have been happy if I'd never heard from Marc again. Unfortunately, there was no such luck. He called just a few days after the trip and wanted to come over. I was able to put him off until the following weekend.

After his call, I decided to get out of the house. I headed to the local computer store to see if they had anything new or interesting before ending up at a little sports bar that I hadn't been to in quite a while.

"Hey, long time no see." The bartender said as he served me a beer.

I vaguely recognized his face and gave him a cheerful smile.

"Yeah, its been a while." I replied.

"Where's your friend?"

He was obviously referring to Jorge, a professor at the university where I used to teach a programming class. He and I used to frequent this place.

"I don't know." I answered honestly.

"I haven't seen him in a while either." The bartender said. "Thought you guys might have given up on this place."

As he went off to attend another customer, my thoughts turned to Jorge. I hadn't seen him in quite some time myself.

Eventually Nick came back to chat and see if I needed anything else. After a few shots and some good natured conversation we were laughing it up like old buddies.

For every shot I buy, I buy one for him as well and we toast to whatever comes to mind. Turns out, Nick's a pretty fun guy. And every time he turns his back or bends over I get a real good look at that high, tight, round little ass of his that seems to be stretching those chinos to within an inch of their life.

There is something about Nick's deep set, hazel eyes, shadowed under those thick dark eyebrows that is utterly captivating. The way they seem to slant down slightly at the corners giving him a sort of sly, sexy look. Or a drowsy kind of sleepy look, depending on your point of view.

His short, thick, wavy black hair always combed back from his handsome face adds to his tidy, clean cut appearance. If I had to guess, I would say he was of Mediterranean descent, perhaps Greek or maybe Sicilian.

Clearly, he takes good care of his lean, muscular body. At six foot, he's as tall as me and similarly built. I could easily envision his fresh faced smile being used to advertise everything from clothing to sport utility vehicles.

His enthralling presence is punctuated by a pleasantly mellow baritone voice. Handsome in a way that seems to implies a strong masculine prowess. One could never refer to his boyish good looks as pretty. On the contrary, Nick is a stud, with the subtle allure of a guy who doesn't take himself or anything else too seriously.

Over the next few days I ended up on the same barstool, day after day, talking to and over-tipping Nick. He seems glad for the company. I particularly liked the way his face seem to light up when he saw me coming in. And since I'm between projects at the moment, I don't have much else to do.

I was surprised to learn that Nick had graduated Stanford University which is only about thirty miles south of where I attended U.C. Berkeley.

"My friends and I used to go up to Berkeley all the time. Some pretty wild stuff going on up there. Lot's of trouble to get into." Nick commented. "Too bad I never ran into you."

"Yeah well, it's a pretty big campus. Besides, I lived on base, miles away from campus. I went to school on Uncle Sam's dime, so I had to be a good boy back then."

"Military?"

"Yeah, Marine Corps. My life was all about work and school back then. Not much time for anything else."

"Why'd you get out?"

"Didn't have much use for it after I got my degree." I answered. "Then I moved back home to Ohio for a while."

"And now you're back on the west coast." He smiled.

"Yeah, I don't know, there's just something about this place that seems to call to me." I smiled.

Nick told me about his brief stints as an actor, a personal trainer and now a bartender. None of which he cared for very much.

"What was your degree in?" I asked.

"Biomedical Engineering."

"Why not do something along those lines?"

"You really need an advanced degree if you want to do anything other than flunky work. I just got tired of researching and studying." He shrugged. "Maybe I'll go back one day, who knows."

---

Marc came over early on Friday night and we got right down to business. I sort of ambushed him while he stood out on my deck looking over the water, drinking a beer. I crept up quietly behind him and snatched his shorts down to his ankles. I fucked him right there.

"Won't your neighbors see us?" He grunted, as I tore into him like a rampaging bull.

"Shut the hell up!" I said, slamming into his ass.

I wanted to see just how far I could push this guy. How much abuse he would take from me before standing up for himself. Besides, I knew that it was too dark for anyone to see what we were doing up on my deck with the lights off. The living quarters and deck of my house start on the second story, so Marc had a good view of the darkened beach and black water as I tried to rearrange his internal organs with my tremendous hardon.
