 Stretched out on your couch you look so sexy, so confident, and so proud of your masculinity. Your cock is beginning to swell because you know what's coming; we've done this so many times we've lost count. We aren't in a hurry; there is no need to rush. No one knows what we share. I'm seated comfortably across from you, still clothed, gazing at you - your manhood. Drinking in the beauty of your lovely cock!

It's not just any cock that I crave; it's one very special cock, your cock! It's so much like mine. Maybe longer, maybe slightly thicker but still very much like mine! Perfectly formed; cut, it's head velvety smooth, crowning a shaft that just begs to be licked.

You pull one leg up; opening yourself to my hungry eyes. You see them widen with appreciation. Did I just lick my lips? Is it that obvious how much I want you. How much I need your cock in my mouth to make my own cock feel truly alive?

I absentmindedly begin to unbutton my shirt as I gaze at you stretched out before me. offering me your precious prize. The tip of your cock is glistening; your balls are drawn up tight. Not as tight as they will be when I finally let you cum but I know your need is growing. I kick off my shoes and remove my socks; you're smiling at the ease with which I undress for you.

The first time I sucked you I was fully dressed; it was your cock alone that received the ultimate pleasure. The second time you touched me as I sucked you as if to confirm my excitement; did I really enjoy giving you my mouth. You felt my arousal and it pushed you over the edge. Now I strip for you; to show you my desire. My cock swollen; my balls tight and aching. Naked I cross the short distance to where you lie. I hold my cock and stroke it as you cup my balls. You feel my desire and smile. My eyelids droop slightly; my mouth barely open, breath shallow. My tongue licks my lips. You know I am ready; you know I am again willing, eager even for the taste of your cock.

I kneel next to the couch and lightly stroke your thigh. Watching your cock twitch as your heart rate increases. My hand touches your balls briefly and your cock responds. Another drop of precum forms and I lick just the tip of your cock; tasting you. Ever so gently I hold your shaft and lick its length watching for more of the delicious clear liquid that makes me keep coming back again and again.

Why do I suck you? For years I dreamed about sucking my own cock; always relishing the feel of my cock in my mouth. Finally admitting to myself that it was my lips and tongue that felt the most pleasure; that I craved the sensations of sucking more that those of being sucked. Pussy is nice but pussy can't compare to a steel hard cock sliding effortlessly into my throat as I suck you completely, down to the root.

The feelings in my mouth and the feelings in my crotch become one; no one who isn't a dedicated cock sucker can possible imagine the utter ecstasy. My mouth takes in your cock head, just the head as my tongue explores once again the slit at its tip. Your hand is stroking my head, urging me on; begging for more. You know I will take my time. I enjoy this too much to hurry. It's the price you pay for the attention you crave. You, the closet exhibitionist, seeking verification of your masculinity. Me, the closet cock sucker, only too happy to oblige you. How did we meet? Does it really matter? We are perfectly matched, feeding off each others needs; giving and taking. 

I begin to take you deeper, as if pulling the cum from deep within you with just the sucking action of my lips locked around your cock. I can feel the tension mounting in your legs as your back arches. I slow down, you won't cum so easily. We've got plenty of time. I shift my weight and look at your face. Your head is thrown back, eyes are closed, what are you thinking? It doesn't matter! I am sucking cock, your cock, you'll cum when I let you cum! I feel you relax and pick up the pace; I'll keep you on edge for hours if I want.

Why do I like sucking so much? Does it matter? You like being sucked by a man who knows what he's doing and enjoys it. No woman will ever make you feel this way because no woman can ever be so fully involved. So dedicated!

Again you tense, how many times has it been? Are you ready, this time you will explode, can you feel it building? There's no stopping this time, cum for me! Give me the load you've been saving, it's only been a week but your balls are heavy! Give it up...that's it! Warm, sticky, salty, sweet, so delicious! I'm still hard as a rock, it's always this way. If I could learn to eat my own cum I wouldn't need you, I'd never leave the house! That's what they say, it's true. 

You offer me a JD, neat. I take it and sit across from you. We both smile, we know who we are; the exhibitionist and the cock sucker. We were made for each other!