 Epilogue

Dorian heard a scream and nearly jumped out of his skin. Within seconds, arms were around him, cradling him gently and tightly. Only then did Dorian realize it was he who had screamed. A shudder ran up his spine and he let Jordan pull him back down. Jordan tugged the covers over them, tucking the blankets around Dorian.

"Shh," Jordan murmured. "I've got you. You're safe."

Dorian nodded, the lump in his throat making his voice useless. He prayed that it had all been a nightmare, but he knew it had been real. Victor had come back for him. Dorian clung tightly to Jordan, squeezing his eyes shut and wishing he could the same to his memories. He could still feel Victor--his breath, his touch--and it made his skin crawl. He needed desperately to wash it away. He looked up at Jordan.

"Bath. Take one with me?"

Jordan smiled softly and stroked his cheek with the backs of his fingers. "Of course. Want me to go get it ready? Or you want to come with me?"

"I'll go with you," Dorian said, already up and tossing the covers off of them. He started for the bathroom, Jordan right behind him. 

As Jordan started the water running in the bathtub, he glanced over at Dorian. "How are you feeling?"

"Better, I think. How long have I slept?"

Jordan chuckled as he poured nearly an entire bottle of jasmine-scented bubble bath in the steaming water. "Well, it was three in the afternoon when we brought you back up. You slept through the night and all of today." He stirred the water with his hand and looked over at Dorian. "I imagine you're probably hungry too."

Dorian nodded. "I am. I can't believe I slept so long. Why didn't you wake me up when you got out of bed?"

"Because I didn't, Dorian." Jordan stood and held out a hand, pulling Dorian towards the bathtub. "Lucca and Gabriele brought my meals to me and kept me...entertained."

Cocking an eyebrow, Dorian laughed as he slid down into the water, leaning back against Jordan's chest, nestled between the elf's legs. "Entertained, huh? Well, at least one of us got laid." He laid his head back on Jordan's shoulder and closed his eyes.

"I didn't," Jordan whispered. "Been waiting for you."

"Me?" Dorian turned his head slightly, his breath catching as Jordan's lips brushed his ear. 

"Waiting for you to wake up, to let me know when you were ready to do anything." Jordan's tongue traced the curve of Dorian's ear, then down to lick his neck. Dorian shivered as hunger of two very different varieties awoke within him.

"And if I said I'm ready now?" he asked quietly as Jordan kissed his neck.

"Then I would make slow love to you," Jordan murmured. 

"What's stopping you?" Dorian turned around and straddled Jordan's lap. With a slow grind of his hips, he had Jordan's cock sliding over his hole, teasing them both. Jordan groaned and gripped his hips. "Please," Dorian whispered on Jordan's lips. "Take the memories away, Jordan."

One of Jordan's hands slid up through Dorian's hair, bringing him down for a sweet, hungry kiss. Dorian rose and shifted, then slid down, impaling himself slowly on Jordan's cock. Their moans met and died out together in their kiss as they began to move. The water lapped at their bodies as Dorian rode Jordan, every slide met with a gentle lift of Jordan's hips, driving him deeper. Dorian whimpered softly as Jordan stroked his cock, his thumb sliding over the tip with every upward stroke.

"Don't stop," Dorian pleaded in a whisper. "Oh, Jordan...feels so good."

"Dorian."

Looking down, Dorian saw Jordan's head tipped to the side, the smooth flesh of his throat a tempting sight. As the hunger welled to the surface, Dorian sank his fangs into the elf's throat. Jordan cried out, his body shaking, filling Dorian with his release. A few quick strokes of Jordan's hand and Dorian came as well, whimpering as he fed. When he had taken enough, he licked the wounds closed and pulled away slowly, meeting Jordan in another soft kiss. 

"Ti amo."

"Love you too, Dorian." 

Dorian shivered as Jordan tipped his head, nuzzling at the hollow of his throat. He knew what Jordan wanted, what he himself wanted. 

"It cannot be undone," he said quietly. Jordan stopped kissing him and Dorian looked down. "Once you've had my blood, it will always be there. Every vampire in this world will know you belong to another."

"That's what I want," Jordan said. He lowered his gaze to Dorian's neck and traced a finger over the soft skin. "I want there to be no question of to whom I belong."

Dorian nodded and when a small cut appeared on his skin, he pulled Jordan towards it. Jordan's mouth latched on and as he drank, Dorian shuddered in his arms, the tears falling as he felt the bond sealing between them. 

"Siete mine e sono il vostro." You are mine, and I am yours.

END.

*

List of Italian Phrases:

amante - lover

Qualche cosa che desideriate - anything you wish

Più duro - harder

Venuto per me, amore - come for me, love

Ti amo - I love you.

il mio caro amico - my beloved friend

È dolce, il mio amico - 

Eccellente - excellent

Per favore, il mio amore - please, my love

Ho bisogno del vistro tocco - I need your touch.

il mio caro - my beloved

Aliti lenti e costanti, amore - Slow, steady breaths, love.

Non si arresti! Per favore, non si arresti - Don't stop! Please, don't stop.

Siete mine e sono il vostro - You are mine, and I am yours.