 A short tale in a somewhat over-done sub-genre. I hope I put enough of a spin on it to keep it from being a cliché. Let me know if I failed, but gently, please.

Thanks, as always, to LarryInSeattle.

Enjoy.

==============

"Mister, uh, Herrera, can you tell me what's been bothering you?" I pulled the exam bay's glass sliding door closed as I spoke and pulled the curtain, too. This was a busy city ER but even in busy city ERs, we know that patients like a little privacy.

I glanced at the face sheet glowing on the tablet computer in my hand. Twenty-four year old male, complaining of chest pain off and on for past two days. I tapped the ECG tab, normal. All labs normal, including troponin. The likelihood that Mr. Herrera's chest pain was cardiac was almost nil. Still, almost is not the same as plain old nil. I'd need some more information.

"Uh, don't get pissed, doc, but it's not my chest that's hurting."

I frowned. "I don't understand."

"I knew that chest pain would bump me to the head of the line. Sorry, doc but I have to be at work by 5 tonight. It's already noon. I couldn't risk getting tied up here and missing work."

"Well, I understand that but emergency rooms aren't first come, first served you know." I shook my head. It would be faster to simply find out what was bothering him, take care of it, and move on. I didn't have time to give him a lecture on ethics. "So, what is bothering you, if it isn't your chest?"

He surprised me by pulling up the bottom of the hospital gown the nurse had him put on. His cock lay nestled in the crease above his left leg. The skin there was almost white, despite the dark brown of the rest of his body. His pubic hair was a dark mass of curls. I could tell at a glance that he shaved his balls and, more than likely, trimmed his pubic hair as well. He wasn't circumcised. His foreskin was pulled forward but it wasn't bunched, suggesting he had at least a partial erection. His cock was a light brown but his scrotum was as dark as the skin on his belly.

His thighs and belly sported dark, soft-looking hair. His belly was flat but without the hard ridges that would suggest he spent hours in a gym. My eyes followed a thicker line of hair that sprang from the dark mass above his cock to climb toward his navel. As my eyes moved up his body, he pulled the gown up further until it was bunched under his neck. His nipples were pierced. Shiny silver half circles ending in little silver balls rested in the dark hair. 

"Those must have hurt."

He nodded. "It makes your nipples sing though, doc. It's worth the pain."

I tore my eyes away from the rings and looked him in the eye. "So, what is bothering you?"

"My dick. It doesn't want to get hard anymore." 

"How long has that been going on?"

"Oh, I don't know. A day or two."

"I see. Anything new happen during that time? Any new medications? Unusual stress? Physical or emotional?"

"Not really." He paused. "Maybe a little more stress than usual. You know, usual family stuff. It comes and goes, nothing out of the ordinary lately. We, my partner and I, have both been working a lot."

"What kind of work do you do?"

"I'm a chef, I just opened my own restaurant."

"Really? Cool, but that must be a lot of stress?"

"Not really. It's a lot of work but I enjoy it."

I nodded. "Have you noticed anything that, um, helps with your problem?"

He nodded back. "Well, yeah, not to be crude or anything but, yeah, blow-jobs seem to do the trick."

"Oh, really," I snorted but softly, trying to stay professional. "You don't say. Blow-jobs help? I should write that up as a case report. Might even get something that surprising in the New England Journal."

Mr. Herrera arched an eyebrow. "You asked, doc."

"That I did," I confessed. I looked down at his cock. It was rolling up his belly. The tip of the head was peeking out of the foreskin. "Looks like your problem has solved itself. I could give you a prescription for Viagra but I don't think you really need it."

"No, I don't need Viagra, doc. I need my dicked sucked." 

The look in his eyes underscored the challenge in his voice. I sat the tablet computer on the small desk behind me and bent over the gurney. 

His cock smelled wonderful. It tasted even better. A couple of quick sucks was all it took to get him totally hard. I held his cock with my right hand. The fingers of my left danced their way up the hair on his belly and chest until they found one of his nipple piercings. I rolled his nipple between my fingertips, feeling the hard steel buried under the skin. He drew in a breath, but quietly. 

The curtain was pulled tight. No one could see in but they could hear. The sounds of talking and the padding of rubber-soled feet were easily audible beyond the glass door. I took my mouth off his cock and looked at him.

"Does it hurt when I press here?" I didn't press. I pulled. I pulled on the piercing, not very hard but enough to pull his nipple away from his chest, tenting the skin.

"Uh, yeah, doc. That's the spot," he moaned. 

"Okay." I moved my fingers and tugged at the other piercing. "And here?"

I tugged harder that time. He moaned louder.

"Ow, yeah. Shit, doc, that spot is really sore."

"Sorry, Mr. Herrera. I didn't mean to hurt you. Let me take a listen to your heart and lungs." I didn't bother with a stethoscope, of course, but pretending to do so would explain the silence in the room, on the off chance anyone happened to be listening.

I continued to fiddle and tug at his nipple piercings as I went back to sucking his cock. I held the shaft, just behind the crown, and ran my tongue between the head and his foreskin, lapping away at the fluid I squeezed from his cock. 

It was a gorgeous cock, probably six, maybe seven inches and nice and heavy in my hand. It was the girth, not the length that made it hard to deep throat him. I did my best, being careful not to gag. That would be hard to explain should a passerby hear it. 

I paused long enough to request, "Take a deep breath." He complied and periodically took another deep breath, while I sucked him some more. My right hand groped for his balls. Mr. Herrera obliged by pulling his legs up and opening his knees. His ball sack was smooth and dark. His balls rested heavily in my palm. 

"Just relax, Mr. Herrera. I need to feel your belly. Just breath normally unless I ask you to take a big breath. Tell me if I hit a tender spot."

"Okay, doc." 

The silence once more explained, I returned to his cock. My fingers had never stopped playing with his nipples. He reached up and took over the nipple stimulation, freeing my left hand. I moved it to his cock and began to stroke it. My right hand began to knead and pull at his balls. 

His cock was a silky rod of steel in my mouth. My hand would retract his foreskin while the head pushed into the back of my throat. I had the rhythm now. I wasn't worried about gagging. I held him in the back of my throat and shook my head before pulling back. When I did, my hand followed, twisting its way up his shaft and finally, pulling his cock hood over the tip of my tongue as it played with his piss slit. 

My right hand pulled a little harder.

"Um, that's a little tender, doc."

I tugged harder. 

Mr. Herrera's breath whistled between his teeth. "Um, careful, doc. That spot is pretty sore."

I didn't pull any harder but I didn't say "sorry" that time either.

I increased my speed. He began to move his hips. The gurney made a squeak of protest. My hand left his cock and pressed against his belly, urging him to lie still. He did but I could feel his abs tensing under my hand. 

I moved my hand to his right nipple, pushing his own fingers aside, and began to rapidly tug at the piercing, not hard, or not too hard anyway, but fast. My right hand worked his nuts, leaving my mouth to handle his cock solo.

It was up to the task. His body tensed and a moment later my mouth was filled with his seed. I held still, holding the head of his cock in my mouth, letting him empty his balls into my mouth and throat. When he was finished, I swallowed. I continued to slowly deep throat his softening cock, savoring the continued weakening spurts of cum. 

I pulled away, stood up and licked my lips. I stepped to the head of the gurney, put one hand behind Mr. Herrera's head and urged him to sit up. His tongue pushed between my lips and caressed my cheeks and teeth.

I pulled away again, picked up the tablet, and punched a few items with the stylus while Mr. Herrera tucked his mostly soft cock between his legs, pulled the gown down, and covered his legs and lap with the thin sheet he'd earlier pushed aside.

"I think you just have a touch of costochondritis, Mr. Herrera. It's not your heart. A few ibuprofen should take care of it. You don't even need a prescription." 

I finished with the note and then pulled the curtain back and slid open the door. 

"Any questions?"

"No, doc. You really took a load off my mind. Thanks." 

I nodded. "My pleasure. That's why we're here."

Lisa, one of the ER nurses, walked over. When she glanced in the cubicle, she did a double-take that was so over the top, I nearly laughed.

"Marco? What are you doing here?" she asked him, but glancing over at me.

"He's been over doing it at the restaurant. Strained a muscle. He's a worrywart, Lisa. You know that," I told her in my best silly-patient-with-nothing-wrong-with-them doctor's voice.

She tossed her head. "Uh-huh, maybe. Or maybe he just wanted to stop in and say 'hi'. That's more likely." She walked away to retrieve the after visit summary that was printing at the satellite desk.

Marco laughed and called after her. "Please Lisa, you can't be serious. I'm a cheapskate. Why would I drop half a Benjamin on a co-pay just to see this lunk head? He's a quack. I was hoping to see a real doctor."

I rolled my eyes at him while Lisa chuckled. 

"Nice. Thanks a lot." I started to walk away. "You think you'll be late tonight?"

"No," Mr. Herrera replied with a smile. "I'll let Alicia take over after the supper rush. She's a better cook than I am anyway but don't tell her that. I should be home before nine o'clock. Doctor's orders, right?"

"Right."

I blew him a kiss, not caring if anyone was watching.