 Alex

Beep Beep Beep Beep

I open my heavy eye lids and see a cold sterile hospital room. I attempted to turn my head but the pain that explodes in my skull causes me groan. A small nurse pokes her head in the door and smiles, "good to see you're awake hun."

She comes to my bedside, checking my vitals before giving me something to help with the pain,"Don't you worry sweetie your parents are on their way and you'll be just fine. When they get here you can leave." 

When she turns to leave I grasp her hand, "What is it hun, you still in pain?"

"No," my voice cracks and I swallow. "No, the man that brought me in, is he still here?"

The lady gives me a sad smile, "No honey I'm afraid not, he wasn't family or anything so one of the nurses asked him to leave."

My heart sinks a little, I really would have liked the chance to thank him. "If he comes back can you let him in?"

The lady sighs, "I'll see what I can do, now you rest." I nod my head and close my eyes.

My dreams are filled with my rescuer. I feel his large, warm arms holding me to his large frame. "It's okay darlin' you're safe now. Nobody can hurt you now, I promise." 

I grin and nuzzle into his chest, my arms wrap tightly around his neck, "Thank you."

A deep chuckle comes from my mystery man before he nuzzles my hair and plants a kiss on my forehead. 

"No need to thank me darlin' I was just helping an angel." He rains kisses down on my head and the column of my neck, working his way up to my jaw. I roll my head to the side, giving him access. 

His hands move to cup my cheeks, gently turning my head slightly. He moves closer and closer until I feel his breath on my lips. I push forward until our lips begin to touch. 

"Honey, honey wake up, it's time to go." My eyes flutter open and my gaze falls on my mothers face. My mother is usually very well kept and closed off but today she has forgone makeup and she looks tired.

"Mama are you okay?" She just smiles and places a warm hand on my cheek.

"I'm fine, just a little worried." I smile and reassure her that I'm okay. 

The nurse helps me out of bed and I dress before leaving with my parents. My father stays quiet as he drives but mom prattles on and on about silly things. I welcome the distraction from my rescuer.

When we arrive at my apartment mom insists on staying to take care of me for a few days but I thankfully manage to get her to leave before bed. I love my mom but I'm not used to the whole loving mother thing, she barely even raised me, I had nannies my whole life. 

After a well needed soak in the bath, I clamber into bed exhausted, borrowing under the covers. As I close my eyes I feel the dream take me over and I'm in his arms once again. 

Matthew

It's been three days. Three fucking days since I dropped him off and I can't stop thinking about him. It's driving me crazy, I've been climbing the walls since my boss sent me home for being distracted. I can't even escape him in my sleep, everywhere I go he's there somehow. 

I growl and toss the sheets off me before getting up and wandering to the kitchen in search of breakfast. I soon remember that I was supposed to go grocery shopping yesterday. Rolling my eyes I go and get dressed before driving to the supermarket a few blocks from my house. 

I hate grocery shopping with a passion, the times I can get there the store is busy and people are bumping into you or they're in the way. Today isn't so bad since it's only noon. I wander through the aisles grabbing the essentials when I happen to glance up and have to do a double take. Standing in the end of the aisle is the boy from a few nights ago.

What the hell is he doing here? He should be resting. Is he hear alone? How is he even out of the hospital when his head wound looked so bad? 

I find myself closing the distance between us. Still distracted by his task he doesn't notice me until I speak, "Why aren't you home resting?"

The boy jumps slightly before looking at me with shock. Did I scare him or cross a line? "I'm sorry I didn't see you. Thank you for the other night. I'm Alex Harding." He smiles brightly at me and holds out a small hand.

I shake his hand, my hand dwarfing his, "Matt Cormac and it was no problem. Are you okay? How are you feeling?" I pull my hand back and shove my hands awkwardly in my pockets.

"Oh I'm okay! Don't worry about me." He's so chipper it's almost infectious. The smile he flashes makes my heart stop for a moment.

'Forget it, it isn't going to happen. What would a good looking guy like him want with you?' I return his smile weakly before clearing my throat, "That's good. You should really be resting. Anyway, it was nice to meet you Alex." 

Turning I start walking away,"Matt! Wait!" I stop and look back as Alex walks up to me. "Do you want to come over and watch a movie?" I'm about to decline when the temptation standing before me flashes that smile again. 

How could I say no to that? "Okay. I need to drop off my groceries first." 

Alex smiles like he just won the lottery, "Okay! Do want me to follow you back to your place or just give you my address?"

"Hold up a second, you drove here? After that head wound!" 

Alex shakes his head, "No, I don't drive. I walked."

I sigh, this boy is going to be the death of me. "Come on, let's get the rest of our stuff. I'll drive you to your place."

He blushes, "You don't have to do that, I'll be fine."

"Not happening. It's bad enough you're out and about. Come on." We walk through the rest of the store and check out before loading the car.

The car ride to my house is quite but not uncomfortable. I bring my groceries into the house quickly and shove the frozen things in the freezer. I take a second to look in the mirror and fix my wild, curly blonde hair. I suck in a deep breath and try to calm myself, closing my brown eyes for a moment before retreating from the house and back to the car. 

Alex smiles at me and directs me to his apartment building which to my satisfaction is only a few minutes away. He protests when I grab all his groceries but I don't budge on the fact he shouldn't be exerting himself. He huffs a little and leads me upstairs with the cutest little pout on his face. It takes all my strength to hold back laughter. He opens the door and holds it.

"Thanks, where do you want these?" I look around his small apartment and almost cringe, how could he live in a place that's so tiny?

"Over on the kitchen counter please." He points out the kitchen and follows me to start putting the stuff away. 

"Thank you Matt." I help him by handing him the refrigerator stuff and putting the pantry away myself. "It's no problem Alex."

"So, what kinda movie do you want to watch?" As long as I'm with you, I could care less what movie we watch.

"It's up to you, I'm not particular." He nods his head as he thinks about it. 

"I have The Dark Knight Rises." I've already seen it and I wasn't a fan but I can suffer through.

"Okay, sounds good." He motions for me to follow him to the living room, he gets the movie from a nearby shelf and pops it in the dvd player. 

"Do you want something to drink or eat?" I shake my head as he sits on the couch. I take a seat next to him and he leans forward to press play on the remote before leaning back a little bit closer than he was before. 

I smile and try to focus on the movie but every little bit Alex shifts slightly closer to me until he's leaning on my side. He looks up at me as if to say 'is this okay'? I just sling my arm around his shoulder and he wastes no time snuggling into me.

Holding him close, I train my eyes on the screen until I hear a soft snore and look down where Alex rested his head and see him fast asleep. Smiling, I lean down and press a gentle kiss to his forehead. I'm not sure what to do but know waking this angel isn't an option so I patiently wait until he wakes up. 

Dazed and slightly confused, Alex raises his head and blinks at me, "Did I fall asleep?" I nod my head. "I'm sorry. How long was I out?" 

"Don't worry, you were asleep for less than an hour and there's no need to be sorry, your body needs to heal." I shyly kiss his forehead, "I should go and let you get some rest." Alex looks disappointed but he walks me to the door. "Alex?" 

He looks up at me, "Yes."

"Would you like to go on a date with me tomorrow night?" I bite my lip and stare at the floor. 

"What time?" I look up thinking I must have heard wrong but I see him blushing and smiling. He repeats his question.

"How's 6? I was thinking I could cook us dinner then we could watch a movie."

"Okay, I can't wait! I'll even try to stay awake," He laughs. I'm glad he is feeling good enough to crack jokes.

"I'll pick you up at 6." Leaning forward I kiss his cheek and leave the apartment. I get to my car and sit stunned, he accepted. I can't believe he accepted.

To Be Continued...