 As the twins and Dorian collapsed onto the bed, Jordan pulled up the overstuffed armchair. He settled down into it, draping a leg over one arm and made no qualms about rubbing his hand over his cock. It was hard to remember Gabriele and Lucca were brothers when they had Dorian sandwiched between them. 

Dorian was stretched out on top of Gabriele, caught in a heated kiss as Gabriele spread the cheeks of his ass apart. Lucca knelt behind him and Dorian cried out in Gabriele's mouth as Lucca's tongue plunged inside him. Gabriele pulled Dorian's legs up, spreading them more for Lucca.

Lifting his hips, Jordan shoved his pants down to his ankles and sank back in the chair. He gripped his cock and stroked it slowly, biting his lip as Lucca continued to tongue-fuck Dorian until Dorian was writhing. When Lucca pulled away, they rolled Dorian over onto his back. Gabriele moved to kneel at Dorian's head while Lucca spread Dorian's legs.

"Please," Dorian whispered. His hungry, needy gaze slid to Jordan and Jordan shivered. 

Lucca took the bottle of lube from Gabriele and slicked his cock. Gabriele held Dorian's ankles, pulling his legs up and apart, spreading him open. A small sound escaped Jordan as Lucca rubbed the head of his cock over Dorian's hole. Dorian gasped and rocked his hips, straining against Gabriele's hold. Then Lucca leaned forward, sinking his cock balls-deep in Dorian's ass as he shoved his tongue down Gabriele's throat. 

Jordan's jerks on his cock sped up as his heart leapt into his throat. "Oh, fuck..." His breath left him altogether as Gabriele pulled away from Lucca's lips and thrust his cock into Dorian's waiting mouth. 

Dorian's body arched, caught between Gabriele's cock in his mouth and Lucca's in his ass. He gripped Gabriele's hips, guiding him with every stroke. The tip of Dorian's cock glistened with pre-come, presenting an irresistible temptation. Jordan kicked his pants off and got up. He crawled across the bed, but instead of sucking Dorian down his throat like he had planned, he slicked Dorian's cock and straddled him. Dorian squealed around Gabriele's cock and bucked his hips, driving his cock deep inside Jordan. 

Jordan dug his fingers into Dorian's chest, riding the cock inside him harder than he ever had before. When Gabriele leaned forward, Jordan opened for him immediately, moaning as that hot tongue darted across his own. Gabriele's mouth tasted sweet and rich, and something told him Lucca's kiss would be deeper in taste, like a smooth musk. He felt lips brush the back of his shoulder and he shuddered as Lucca's tongue traced a line from his shoulder to his neck. Beneath them, Dorian bucked and writhed, his cries of desperation muffled by Gabriele's cock in his mouth. 

"Come for me, Dorian," Jordan said breathlessly as he pulled away from Gabriele's lips. "Shove your cock up my ass and come hard." 

That seemed to be all Dorian needed to trip over the edge. His fingernails raked over Gabriele's pale hips as his body shook, his cock pulsing deep inside Jordan as he came. It was enough to send Lucca over and when he thrust hard into Dorian, his fangs sank into Jordan's neck, starting a chain reaction through Jordan's body. Jordan cried out and shuddered, his cock pumping his seed over Dorian's chest. The last one left was Gabriele and one of Dorian's hands slipped down to slide two fingers into his mouth, then they disappeared under Gabriele. Seconds later Gabriele buried his cock in Dorian's throat as he came, the trembling of his body nearly enough to make Jordan come all over again.

When they all stopped shaking, they released Dorian. Jordan collapsed onto Dorian's chest, breathless and laughing. Dorian's arms circled him, holding him close.

"Holy fucking shit."

Dorian nodded, purring softly in Jordan's ear. "I haven't come that hard in quite some time."

Jordan chuckled and lifted his head enough for a kiss. He moaned softly when he tasted Gabriele on Dorian's tongue. He felt the bed shift as the twins settled down, and a few minutes later, he heard the unmistakable soft sounds of kissing. He turned his head, ending his kiss with Dorian, to see Lucca hovering over Gabriele, their lips locked in a deep, loving kiss. 

"Whoa," he said. "Now that...is fucking hot."

Gabriele laughed and Lucca dipped his head to nip playfully at his brother's throat. "There's always more where that came from," Gabriele said. He purred softly as Lucca licked his shoulder. "Always."

* * *

"Have you tasted his blood?"

Jordan looked up from the book open on the bed in front of him, only to meet a stern, pale blue gaze. "No. Why?"

Lucca nodded. "Because if you had, any vampire could smell him on you, including Viktor. Dorian's worried for your safety. What do you know about Viktor?"

Jordan marked his place and closed his book. "Everything, I think. I know what, or rather who, he's after. How can a man hold such a strong hold on his brother?"

Lucca let out a heavy sigh and sat down in the armchair beside the bed. "That is hard to explain. Dorian told us you have a sister, but brothers are different. There's always a strong need to protect when it's a sister, but with a brother, especially a younger one, sometimes that protectiveness can turn to possessiveness. Curiosity started the affair between Viktor and Dorian, but the need for control keeps that spark alive for Viktor."

"I remember you and Gabriele telling Dorian to let you handle things," Jordan said. "How?"

Lucca's expression was unreadable and his tone even. "We will kill him."

Jordan's eyes widened and he swallowed hard. "Kill him? But he's Dorian's brother!"

"He will be the death of Dorian if he continues to live, Jordan," Lucca said sternly. "We love Dorian; we would spare nothing to keep him safe."

"Why Dorian? Why are you two so protective of him?"

Lucca smiled. "Because we share the same sire. Lorik created us before he created Dorian."

"Created?" Jordan asked, lifting an eyebrow.

"Turned, sired, whatever you want to call it," Lucca said with a shrug. "No matter the term, there's a strong bond there between the three of us. And now you are a part of that."

"I'm not sure what to say, to be honest," Jordan said quietly. "I really like you both, a lot. And knowing that you care so much for Dorian only deepens that, I think."

With a nod and a smile, Lucca stood. "I believe Angelia is looking for you. She's been ranting about Dorian trying to restrict you to a sex-only diet."

Jordan laughed as he slid off of the bed. "Not that I would mind, but I'd never hear the end of it from Angelia, I think."

"Believe me," Lucca said with a roll of his eyes. "You wouldn't. Come on." He draped a long arm around Jordan's shoulders and steered him out of the bedroom and down the stairs. Dorian and Gabriele emerged from the parlor, both looking rather refreshed.

"You two look like you've swallowed a canary or two." Lucca's remark was met with laughter and Jordan looked up at him. Lucca just shook his head. "They're hopeless."

Dorian started up the steps, hand extended and a very hungry look in his eyes. Before Jordan could reach out and pull him close, Angelia scorned them both from the kitchen doorway.

"Dorian Baptiste!" She waved a wooden spoon in the air. "Let go of that boy this instant. I want him down here and eating."

Gabriele broke out in a fit of laughter, for which he was rewarded with a stifling kiss from Lucca. With Gabriele effectively silenced and pinned to the wall, Angelia continued.

"He must have nutrition," she said as she started up the stairs towards Dorian and Jordan. Jordan bit his bottom lip to keep from laughing. "Come now, Jordan. Let's find you something to eat besides a vampire."

"Hey!" Dorian retorted as he followed them down the stairs. Jordan looked back at him and grinned. "I'll have you know I do feed him."

"Oh, yes," Angelia said with a motherly chuckle. "Feed him what? Sweets? My homemade chocolate glaze? Do you have any idea how long it took to get chocolate out of those silk sheets?"

The laugh slipped free and Jordan doubled over. He stopped and leaned against the door frame of the kitchen, laughing so hard his stomach hurt. When he looked up, Dorian's expression just made it worse. 

"Whenever you two are done," Angelia said with a smile. "Jordan, I have some fresh fruit, some steamed vegetables..." She stopped rummaging through the enormous refrigerator and glanced at Jordan. "You eat meat?"

Purposely ignoring Dorian's chuckle as the vampire's arms slid around his waist, Jordan nodded. "I do, but not a lot."

Angelia turned her attention back to the refrigerator. A few minutes later, she pulled out a sizeable steak wrapped in plastic. "I'll whip up a quick dinner for you, then I need to be on my way."

Before Jordan could respond, Angelia had the stove on and the steak frying. Jordan just shook his head, then shivered as Dorian nipped the tip of his ear. He leaned back against Dorian and did his best to stifle a moan.

"Where are Gabriele and Lucca?" he asked, suddenly noticing how quiet it had gotten.

"Probably fucking," Dorian mumbled around the ear in his mouth. 

"I want to watch them some time," Jordan said. He pulled away and turned around in Dorian's arms. "You think they'd let me?"

Dorian chuckled. "Let you? Love, you'd be lucky if they didn't drag you into it." 

"How do you like your steak, Jordan?" Angelia asked.

"Rare." Jordan looked up and Dorian's gaze narrowed. "You look hungry, Dorian."

Dorian growled as Angelia set Jordan's plate on the table a few minutes later. Jordan shivered and barely managed to extricate himself from the vampire's arms. As Dorian sat down, Jordan moved to the other side and straddled the stool. 

"I'm leaving now," Angelia said as she kissed Jordan's cheek. She walked around and Jordan chuckled as she gripped Dorian's chin, turning his head to face her. "Let him eat before you feast on him." She kissed Dorian and left before he could say a word.

"Is she gone?" Gabriele stuck his head in the door and looked from Jordan to Dorian. Jordan nodded. "Eccellente!" He walked in, pulling his twin behind him. Lucca's smile was dark and nothing short of predatory.

Dorian looked at Jordan and shook his head. "Are you finished?" When Jordan nodded, Dorian got up and took his plate to the sink.

The second the table was cleared, the twins were on it. Jordan gripped the edge of the table to keep from falling backwards as Gabriele landed flat on his back right in front of him. As Dorian's arms snaked around his waist, Jordan's attention was torn between the vampire's kisses drifting over his neck, and the sight of the twins locked in a fiercely passionate kiss. The twins' fingers were entwined, both of Gabriele's arms above his head, pinned tightly to the varnished wooden tabletop.

"Per favore, il mio amore," Gabriele purred as Lucca's tongue teased at the hollow of his throat. "Ho bisogno del vistro tocco."

"Dear God, you three are going to be the death of me," Jordan whispered. Dorian's chuckle tickled his neck and he shivered. 

Lucca's kisses trailed down his twin's chest, then he ripped Gabriele's shirt open, sending buttons everywhere. With a deep growl, he latched onto his brother's right nipple, worrying it with his teeth, nicking the flesh with his fangs. Gabriele gasped and his eyes widened as he gripped Lucca's head, tangling his fingers in the fall of golden hair. 

"Lucca, love, please," he pleaded breathlessly. "I need your touch."

"And how shall I love you, il mio caro?" Lucca murmured as he kissed his way down Gabriele's bare stomach. "With my lips? Or my cock? Maybe my tongue?" He unfastened Gabriele's pants and Gabriele lifted his hips. The pants fell to the floor and Lucca slid his hands along his twin's inner thighs, parting them slowly. "Or perhaps, with my hands?"

Gabriele groaned and spread his legs wider, his cock hard and leaving a slick trail over his stomach. "Hands," he whispered. "Need you inside me."

Jordan opened his mouth to ask Dorian if Gabriele was talking about what he thought he was talking about, but then Lucca's gaze slid up to them both. Nothing was said, but something must have told Dorian exactly what Lucca wanted. Dorian pulled away and stepped into the walk-in pantry. A litany of Italian curses filtered out, but a sharp cry silenced them. Just as Dorian came back out, carrying a small can, Gabriele's body bowed on the table. His cock was enveloped in his brother's throat, and when Lucca pulled off, Gabriele's cock dropped limply to his stomach. Traces of blood and semen remained on the soft flesh, but Lucca's tongue made quick work of cleaning it. 

Dorian set the unlabeled can on the stool beside Lucca, then slid an arm around Jordan's waist, pulling him to the end. From their vantage point, they had a direct view of Gabriele's ass, two of Lucca's fingers deep inside. 

"Just watch," Dorian whispered. "It's exquisite."

As Dorian nuzzled his throat, Jordan watched Lucca pull his fingers out of Gabriele. Gabriele remained motionless, crystal blue eyes watching his twin closely, longingly. Lucca removed the lid from the can and began coating his right hand, wrist, and half of his forearm in what looked like white grease. Only then did Jordan realize exactly what was going to happen. He had heard about it, but had never seen it done. Until now.

Dorian shifted Jordan, moving them both to Lucca's other side for a clearer view. Lucca stroked his twin's stomach softly as he rubbed the rim of Gabriele's hole. Gabriele's body visibly relaxed, the tense look fading from his face. He nodded and Lucca eased three fingers inside him. Jordan bit his lower lip and breathing became just a bit more difficult. Dorian's fingers fanned out over his stomach, much like Lucca's lay on Gabriele's. The fourth finger pushed in.

"Aliti lenti e costanti, amore." 

Whatever Lucca said, it seemed to help. Gabriele's chest rose and fell slowly, each breath seeming to relax him further. 

"Watch his hand," Dorian whispered.

Jordan pulled his gaze from Gabriele's face to watch Lucca. As Gabriele exhaled slowly, Lucca tucked his thumb in and his entire hand disappeared inside his brother's body. Gabriele groaned softly and a whimper escaped him. Lucca kept his other hand on his stomach, stroking him gently. He kept the hand inside Gabriele perfectly still.

"Start slow," Gabriele said. 

Lucca began moving his arm slightly, pulling out a little and then pushing back in. Gabriele rocked his hips, meeting each push. Jordan pressed back against Dorian, a moan escaping when he felt the unbelievably hard cock pressing against his ass. Dorian slid one hand up to cup the front of Jordan's neck, while the other pushed Jordan's pants to the floor. A moment later, Dorian's pants fell and the wet tip of his cock slipped between Jordan's legs. 

On the table, Gabriele was beginning to writhe, grinding and rotating his hips in a slow rhythm, fucking himself on Lucca's hand. Lucca's other hand had disappeared from his twin's stomach and was wrapped tightly around his own cock, stroking furiously. Gabriele rolled his head to the side and pinned a dark blue, hungry gaze on Jordan. Stepping out of their pants, Dorian walked Jordan over to the table. A hand slid up his spine, bending him over. Gabriele reached out and pulled him the rest of the way down and into a deep kiss. 

As Gabriele's tongue played with his, Jordan felt something slick probing his hole. Then two of Dorian's fingers slid in, the way eased greatly by the same grease Lucca was using. When a third finger joined the first two, Jordan cried out into Gabriele's mouth, rocking his body back for more. Dorian bent over and nipped his shoulder, then replaced his fingers with his cock. With one swift thrust, he drove it deep inside Jordan's body, dragging a whimper from Jordan's throat. Gabriele's sudden, sharp cry answered it and Jordan pulled away to see Lucca twisting his arm. 

Gabriele cried out again, the fingers of his left hand wrapping tightly to Jordan's hands. "Non si arresti! Per favore, non si arresti." 

Jordan gasped as Dorian pulled out and drove his cock back in with force. He pulled his right hand from Gabriele's grasp and gripped his head, shoving his tongue into Gabriele's mouth. Gabriele screamed and bucked, crying into their kiss as Jordan felt the heat of the vampire's release hit his shoulder and arm. Lucca's feral growl followed as he came. 

Jordan pulled abruptly from his kiss with Gabriele and reached down to stroke his own cock. "Please, Dorian..."

"Venuto per me, amore," Dorian purred. 

With a throaty groan, Jordan came, pumping his fist on his cock as Dorian filled his body with his heated release. Jordan collapsed then, resting his head on Gabriele's chest. Gabriele stroked his hair softly and Jordan felt him shudder as Lucca pulled his hand out. 

"That..." Jordan just shook his head, unable to find the words to describe how he felt. Gabriele's purr when Lucca leaned over to kiss him, however, said it all.

* * *

The sound of shattering glass snapped Jordan awake. He threw off the covers and bolted for the bedroom door. Just as his hand touched the handle, he heard shouting. Dorian was still deep in sleep and Jordan wondered how long that would last with all the commotion downstairs.

"Jordan?"

Pressing his ear to the door, Jordan sighed with relief when he heard Gabriele's voice. He opened the door and Gabriele rushed in.

"Gabriele, what's going on?" 

"Viktor is... Where is Dorian?"

"He's still..." Jordan's blood ran cold as he looked over at their empty bed. "He was right there."

"Listen to me, Jordan," Gabriele said, gripping his shoulders tightly. "Viktor is in the house. Only he and Dorian know all the secrets of this place." He fell silent, looking over Jordan's shoulder. "What is that?"

Jordan turned and followed Gabriele's gaze to a thin crack in the wall beside the bed. The drapes on the bed fluttered slightly in a draft. Jordan looked back to Gabriele. "The catacombs."

"Lucca!" Gabriele roared, never taking his eyes off of the crack in the wall.

A minute later, Lucca ran into the room. Gabriele nodded to the wall and his twin went over to look at it. Lodging his fingers in the crack, Lucca growled and pulled. With the grating sound of stone on stone, the wall slid open, revealing a dark passage. The twins looked back at Jordan.

"What about the catacombs?" Gabriele asked him.

"Dorian led me down there through the old family chapel. He showed me the room where they used to have sex."

A dark, almost demonic look descended on Lucca's face. A murderous growl rumbled from somewhere deep inside him. "Can you remember the way?" Jordan nodded slowly. "Then take us there."

Gabriele disappeared and returned a minute later with a flashlight. Handing it to Jordan, he said, "let's go."

Jordan took a deep breath and stepped through the opening. "I hope I don't get us lost," he mumbled. "We didn't go this way before." The firm hand on his right shoulder was definitely comforting.

"We're right behind you," Lucca said near his ear. Jordan nodded.

* * * 

Dorian groaned and rolled over, stretching out. The moment his fingers touched stone, his eyes flew open. He quickly became aware of stone all around him, cold on his naked flesh. Everything was still a sleep-induced blur. His body told him it wasn't quite dark outside yet, which explained the fog still clinging to his brain. But why was he in the catacombs?

"Hello, dear brother."

Every inch of Dorian's flesh crawled as his body froze. It was a voice he was not prepared to hear, had never been prepared to hear again. He didn't have to look over to see that dominating stare; he could feel it in the pit of his soul.
