 Chapter Four

When the door closed between them, Dorian was left bewildered. He sat on the couch without a stitch of clothing on, still staring at the black door, hoping against hope that Jordan would come back. When two hours passed and the door remained closed, Dorian finally peeled himself off of the leather couch and shuffled into the bedroom, dazed and thoroughly confused. 

"What did I do, Lorik?" he whispered as he sat down on the bed. "What did I do wrong? I was so sure he was the one."

"Perhaps he is."

Dorian leaned over and rested his elbows on his knees as he cradled his head in his hands. "God, what did I do wrong?"

"Praying, Dorian? Now that's something I haven't seen you do in some time."

Dorian shook his head. "I can't do this, Lorik," he muttered. "I can't go on like this."

"Oh, Dorian..."

Dorian raised his head to see Lorik standing before him, in all his spectral beauty. Lorik smiled and reached out with translucent fingers to stroke through the lock of hair that had fallen over Dorian's face. 

"If I could take your pain away, you know I would do it."

"I know," Dorian whispered as he closed his eyes.

"One time was not enough, was it?"

Dorian shook his head. "He..." His words trailed off and he swallowed. "He's still with me, Lorik. I think he's been with me since the first moment I saw him." With the ghost of a touch to his chin, Dorian raised his head to look at Lorik.

"He will be back," Lorik said. "I don't know how I know, but trust me. He has been with you, and if memory serves me right, elves mate for life, Dorian."

Dorian wasn't sure then if the tears that fell were in response to Lorik's words, or the fact that Jordan was standing in the bedroom doorway. He had not heard the front door of the apartment open, but the look on Jordan's face told him that the elf had seen Lorik. And if Jordan had seen Lorik, then he had certainly realized how far gone Dorian was. Dorian opened his mouth to speak, but Jordan walked over and knelt down in front of him. He reached up and brushed a tear away from Dorian's cheek with his thumb. 

"I'm sorry," Jordan said. He looked away for a moment and closed his eyes. "I wasn't ready to admit to myself what happened between us. I never expected..."

"Yes?" Dorian said when Jordan trailed off.

"I never expected to feel anything," Jordan sighed. "For you."

Dorian remained silent for several minutes, unsure of what to say. Hell, he wasn't sure if he was just hearing what he wanted to hear. When Jordan looked back at him, Dorian felt an ache well up inside him. He reached out, wanting to touch him, to feel the warmth of Jordan's skin against his own, but he hesitated, too afraid for even such a simple touch. As if sensing his uncertainty, Jordan moved closer and placed his hand over Dorian's, bringing it up to cup his face gently. 

"Jordan, I..."

"Shh," Jordan murmured as he rose up on his knees to bring their faces level with each other. "Just tell me if I'm doing the right thing," he said. "Or if I'm throwing myself at someone who doesn't feel the same."

Dorian looked into those green eyes and felt himself falling deeper into an elven spell, one he had no hope of escaping. Truth be told, he didn't want to escape; he only wanted to drown himself in Jordan Shields. He slid his fingers deeper into Jordan's hair and pulled him closer until their lips brushed together. 

"The only way to know the answer to that," he whispered, "is to look into yourself. Do you want this, Jordan? Do you want me?"

Jordan hesitated for only a brief moment, then nodded. He tilted his head slightly and pressed a soft kiss to Dorian's lips. "If I didn't," he murmured, "I would have stayed away." The movements of his lips as he spoke brushed across Dorian's, causing Dorian's breath to catch. Jordan threaded his fingers through Dorian's hair and moved until their bodies were barely touching. "I didn't make it to the front door."

When Jordan's tongue touched to his lips, Dorian opened for him, taking Jordan's answer for what it was. He slid his arm around Jordan's waist, pulling him close as their kiss deepened. He had no idea how Jordan would react to his true nature, but at this moment in time, it was something Dorian refused to think about. Jordan was back, and in his arms; they would have time enough for secrets later.

"I need you," Dorian murmured as Jordan eased him onto his back. 

"Yes, need."

Jordan straddled him, sliding his hands over Dorian's sides, then his chest, his fingertips brushing over Dorian's nipples. Dorian arched into his touch, breathless and already shaking. 

"Gods, you're beautiful," Jordan whispered. "Want to taste you, Dorian." He knelt between Dorian's legs and began a slow descent, kissing and nibbling his way down Dorian's body.

"Oh, God." Dorian threaded his fingers through Jordan's hair, torn between pulling him up for another kiss, and pushing him lower. He needed this. He needed Jordan.

Jordan continued his kisses, and when he reached Dorian's cock, he slipped his hand beneath it. Dorian watched breathlessly as Jordan slid his tongue slowly up his length. When Jordan's lips circled the head, Dorian fell back onto the bed and thrust his hips up, driving his cock into Jordan's mouth. Jordan put up no resistance, and began sliding his lips up and down the shaft, rolling his tongue over the hard, smooth surface.

Dorian gasped and tightened his hold in Jordan's hair, pulling him down and pushing him back up as he fucked the elf's mouth with slow strokes. The heat surrounding him was exquisite; pure, searing heat. It was like nothing he had ever experienced. 

When he felt a slick finger press against him, he spread his legs further apart, giving Jordan as much access as possible. As Jordan's finger slid inside him, Dorian groaned, rocking his hips in an effort to drive the finger deeper. Another finger slid inside with the first, then Jordan spread them apart. Dorian's hips left the bed entirely and he shoved his cock down the elf's throat. His body shook and he knew he wouldn't last much longer like this, not when he really wanted Jordan buried completely inside him. 

"Now, Jordan," Dorian pleaded. "Inside me. Please."

Pulling off of his cock, Jordan looked up at Dorian. His emerald eyes were clouded with lust. With need. He sat up and spit in his palm, then stroked his cock to slick it up. Dorian bit at his lower lip as Jordan removed his fingers and leaned over, positioning his cock. 

"Please..."

Dorian's breath left him completely when Jordan gripped his thighs, pushing his legs up and apart. With the head of his cock pressed to Dorian's hole, all it took was a firm thrust of Jordan's hips. Dorian cried out as the full length of Jordan's cock impaled him, hurling him over the edge in a sudden rush. He clung to Jordan's arms, digging his fingers into his skin as his body tightened around Jordan, sucking him in deeper with every contraction of his muscles. 

"Fuck me!" He was begging now, desperate for more. Jordan was quick to oblige and began thrusting in and out, the hard rhythm of his hips driving his cock deeper inside with every stroke. 

"Come for me, Dorian," Jordan panted. 

Wrapping his fingers tightly around his cock, Dorian started jerking off, the movements of his fist matching Jordan's unrelenting thrusts inside him. Yes! Yes! Harder...faster... 

As if reading the thoughts he could not voice, Jordan sped up his strokes. Dorian gripped the back of Jordan's neck with his free hand, and without losing the frantic pace their bodies set, he crushed Jordan's mouth with his. With a tiny pinprick, Jordan's blood washed over Dorian's tongue, setting his body on fire and shoving him over the edge. He screamed into Jordan's mouth as he came, his cock pulsing hard in his hand. Moments later, Jordan groaned. With several hard strokes, he deepened their kiss as his cock pumped his release deep inside Dorian's body. 

When they both began to come down from their mutual highs, Jordan rolled off and pulled Dorian close, wrapping his arms around him. Dorian nuzzled against him, breathless and sated. And happy. He smiled as he closed his eyes, hearing Lorik laugh and smile in his mind. 

"Something tells me," Jordan said, breaking the peaceful silence, "that my life has just gotten a hell of a lot more interesting."

Dorian chuckled and angled his head to look up at Jordan. "Is that a good thing?"

"Yes, it is." Jordan smiled and stroked Dorian's cheek with the backs of his fingers. 

"Can I ask you a question?"

"Of course."

Dorian sighed, wondering how to word what he wanted to ask. He finally decided on the direct approach. "Do elves really mate for life?"

Jordan remained silent for a moment, then laughed. "Technically, yes," he said. "But not all do at this rate."

"Oh." Dorian closed his eyes and nestled closer, hoping this time would be an exception, but unable to voice the fear that it might not be.

Jordan slipped his hand under Dorian's chin, tilting his head back up. "Why?"

"No reason." Dorian shrugged in an effort to appear nonchalant about it.

"Dorian."

The tone of Jordan's voice told Dorian he wasn't buying it. "Okay, okay. I guess I just...just hoped that maybe...this time would be different."

Jordan smiled slowly and gripped Dorian's chin gently, sliding his thumb over his bottom lip. "Who is to say it's not?"

Dorian opened his mouth to answer, but Jordan's tongue slipped inside, silencing him. With a tug from Jordan, Dorian rolled on top of him without breaking their kiss. With Jordan's hands on his hips, Dorian began rocking back and forth, rubbing their still-slick cocks together. Before he could stop it, Dorian found himself growing hard again. Jordan broke the kiss and grinned as he shifted Dorian, causing his cock to slip between the cheeks of Dorian's ass. 

"Jordan..." 

"Gods, I want to bury myself inside you again," Jordan groaned. He rocked his hips up, the motion causing Dorian's breath to catch.

"Yes, yes...please." Dorian leaned up enough to grip Jordan's cock, then slid back down, slowly driving it deep inside him. His head fell back with a throaty groan.

The feel of Jordan stretching him again was exquisite. Dorian began moving, sliding back and forth; Jordan's hands on his hips guiding him. Jordan's cock slid in and out, driving Dorian closer to the edge quicker than he had expected, or wanted. As if sensing how close he was, Jordan's grip on him tightened and he sped up their movements. He started thrusting in and out as Dorian leaned forward, giving him better leverage. Every stroke in left Dorian breathless and teetering on the edge. 

"Oh, fuck," Jordan panted. "Oh, gods. Dorian!"

Dorian didn't have to touch himself this time. The second Jordan slammed inside him and came, Dorian cried out as his own cock throbbed, coating Jordan's chest once again. Dorian fell forward, panting and heedless of the sticky mess between them. Jordan chuckled and stroked his fingers down his spine.

"Don't know about you, but I need a shower."

Dorian nodded, but was reluctant to move. The necessity of a shower, however, won the battle and he groaned as he slid off of Jordan to stand on shaky legs. Jordan was behind him immediately, catching him before he could lose his balance.

"Come on," Jordan laughed. "Let's get cleaned up. I'm starving."

That one statement made Dorian's heart sink to his feet. How the hell was he going to explain things? How was he going to tell Jordan what he really was, without scaring him off? He couldn't lose him. Not now.

* * *

"You sure you aren't hungry?" 

Dorian shook his head and watched as Jordan devoured the burger. Truth was, he was hungry, but not for the ground flesh of a cow. Every time Jordan looked away, Dorian found himself staring at the juncture of his throat, where his shoulder met his neck. That...was what he wanted, the precious liquid that flowed within those veins. He licked his lips to wet them, but stopped when Jordan pointed the straw of his cup in his direction. He resisted the urge to throw up; his stomach wasn't used to normal food or drink.

"You look pale," Jordan said. "You sure you're okay?"

"Yes, I'm fine," Dorian chuckled. "Stop worrying about me."

Jordan shrugged. "Can't help it, I guess." The look in his eyes betrayed his nonchalant demeanor, and it warmed Dorian from the inside out. 

"Did you get enough to eat?"

Jordan nodded, making a sound of acknowledgement as his mouth was full. He swallowed and smiled. "Yes, thank you. You really didn't have to buy me dinner, you know."

Dorian smiled and, much to his surprise, felt himself blush slightly. "It was my pleasure," he said. "Although next time, I insist on something more substantial than McDonalds." Jordan leaned over the table and kissed him softly, effectively taking his breath away.

"And next time," Jordan whispered, "I pay."

Dorian started to protest, but Jordan's finger on his lips stopped him. When Jordan pulled his finger away and sat back down, Dorian's smile widened. "We'll see."

With a chuckle, Jordan shook his head and stood. "I need to get going. It's already midnight and I have a class in the morning."

"You're in school?"

"No. I'm a part-time instructor at the college. I teach a class on Elven History."

Dorian stood with him and picked up the tray. "I see, very interesting."

"How about you come by tomorrow afternoon and we'll have a late lunch?"

"I..." Dorian blew out a breath, acting as if he were thinking of his schedule. "I can't tomorrow. However, tomorrow evening is free. Come by the club? You won't ever have to pay a dime for anything there."

Jordan seemed to think on it for a moment, pursing his lips. Dorian resisted the sudden urge to kiss him. "Sure. I can do that."

Giving into the urge, Dorian leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to the elf's lips. "Wonderful. I will see you then."

He watched Jordan leave, giving him a wave as he headed outside. Dorian left a few minutes later and made it back to the club just as the last customers were leaving. As he started up the stairs, he nodded discreetly to Josef. A few minutes after he closed the apartment door, it opened again. The look on Josef's face was one of worry.

"You're pale," he commented. He ran his hands over Dorian's shoulders, then up to cup his face. "Your new beau doesn't have any idea, does he?"

Dorian shook his head. "Not yet."

"Dorian," Josef sighed. "This isn't something you can hide forever, especially from the man you love."

"How did you know?" Dorian asked as his eyes widened.

Josef chuckled and brushed his hair from his neck. "Oh, come on, Dorian. I know you." He cupped the back of Dorian's neck and pulled him close. "Now drink."

With the hunger growing worse, Dorian wasted no time. He brushed a kiss to Josef's throat before biting down. As the sweet, rich offering flowed over his tongue, he moaned softly. Josef's hold on him tightened, enveloping him in warmth as he fed. 

"Dorian, have you seen-"

Dorian pulled away abruptly, barely remembering to lick the wound closed. He spun around quickly and felt his blood run cold. Josef's hold on him tightened considerably. "Carl, I-"

"What the fuck is going on?" 

Carl looked from Josef to Dorian, and only then did Dorian realize he had missed a drop of blood on his lip. He licked it away as he said, "Carl, please. I can explain."

"Oh, fuck no," Carl said with a dark laugh. He shook his head as he inched his way towards them. "A vampire. You're a motherfucking vampire." He reached out and grabbed Josef's arm, jerking him away from Dorian before Josef could say a word.

"Carl, stop!" Josef pulled away and glared at his brother. "He has never harmed anyone. He doesn't kill when he feeds, and he only feeds from the willing."

"Yeah, right. Come on." Carl grabbed him again and shoved him towards the door. "No fucking way in Hell I'm going to sit by and watch a goddamned bloodsucker drain my little brother." He kept an iron grip on Josef and shot Dorian a dark, hateful look before slamming the door behind them.

Dorian dropped to his knees, stunned and terrified. Being ten years older, Carl had a strong hold over Josef, and Josef's life. And now, he knew the truth. Dorian closed his eyes and shuddered. He had to get Josef away from Carl, and then he had to leave town. Quickly. And, oh, God...what about Jordan?

"Perhaps next time you will listen to me."

"Not now, Lorik," Dorian grumbled. He stood slowly and looked around. "I don't have time for a lecture."

"I knew nothing good would come of hiring that bastard. Where are you going to go?"

Dorian walked into the bedroom and ran his fingers through his hair, sighing and feeling quite lost all of a sudden. "I don't know. Back to Rome, I imagine."

"And Jordan? What of him?"

Dorian sank down onto the bed, where only a few hours before, he had lain with the most beautiful creature in existence. "I..." He sighed and shook his head. "I don't know, Lorik."

"I don't see you leaving him, Dorian."

"Yes, well, I don't see him uprooting and moving to Italy, either." Dorian fell back onto the bed with a pained groan. How had life come to this? In the blink of an eye, everything had turned upside down.