 Chapter Five

Jordan tried to keep his mind on the lesson, but every time he looked at the class, he saw Dorian. Every voice was Dorian's, and on more than one occasion, he had drawn a blank when someone asked a question. About his own damn race. By the end of class, he was a wreck and a half. He slumped down into his chair as the class left, and looked up to see Matt staring at him with an amused grin.

"What?"

"Oh, nothing," Matt said. "So, when are you going to introduce us?"

Jordan looked at him like he had lost his mind. "Who?"

Matt lifted a dark eyebrow and gave him one of his famous 'give me a break' looks. "Your new boyfriend."

"My new...? Oh!" Jordan sat up in the chair and began shoving papers and books into the bag in front of him. "He's, umm..."

"It's not like you to be anything less than articulate, Jordan."

He looked up and glared at Matt. "It's Dorian Baptiste, all right?" 

"Whoa! You're fucking the owner of Elixir?!"

Jordan groaned as Jessica swept in, Parker hot on her heels. "Yes," he grumbled.

"You don't seem thrilled about it," Parker said. 

"On the contrary," Jordan said as he stood, "I'm beyond fucking happy, but I've never been one to brag about my sex life." He made his way out of the building and the others followed.

"So?" Jessica prodded. "How long has it been?"

"About..." Jordan looked at his watch. "About a day now."

"You're kidding." 

He looked up at her and shook his head as he unlocked the door of his truck. "Nope. Met him last night, he fucked me, I fucked him, had a late dinner, went home."

"You going back tonight?" Parker asked him as Jordan climbed into the truck.

"Damn right, I am." Jordan started the truck and buckled up. "Don't wait up for me either." He winked at them and pulled away, leaving all three of them standing in the parking lot. He wanted to get home and get cleaned up. He was determined to look his best for Dorian tonight.

As soon as he got home, he tossed his keys on the counter and set his bag down before heading for the bedroom. He rummaged through his closet, looking for something...perfect. Then he found it. It was the last remnant he had from his life in the forest, and as he held up in front of himself as he looked in the full-length mirror, he smiled. Dorian would love it.

He tossed the shimmering green outfit on the bed, then went into the bathroom to take a quick shower. One of the advantages to being an elf was the lack of body hair. He was bare, save for the hair on his head and his eyebrows. And the feel of Dorian's hands sliding up his smooth skin... Gods, he needed Dorian, and bad. He started the water for his shower, but just before stepping in, the phone rang. He grumbled and rushed back into the bedroom, catching it before the answering machine could pick up. 

"Hello?"

"Ah, I knew I had the right number."

That sexy voice belonged to one man; Jordan smiled. "Dorian."

"Listen, love. Something has come up. I need to leave town for a bit."

Jordan felt his heart sink to the pit of his stomach. "You're leaving me."

"No! Oh, God, no, Jordan. Anything but that."

"Okay..." Jordan prodded. He laid down on his back, his shower forgotten.

"I called...because I want you to go with me."

Jordan remained silent, unsure of what to say. "Um. Go with you? Where to and for how long, are we talking?"

"The where, is Rome. For how long? I can't say, love."

"What's going on? Are you, like, on the run or something?" Jordan joked in an effort to lighten the mood. Dorian's next words crushed that attempt.

"Of a sort."

Jordan sighed. "Dorian, what's going on?"

"Hold on, love."

Jordan grumbled as he heard the mouthpiece on Dorian's end being covered up. He heard muffled voices, one of which was definitely Dorian's and he didn't sound entirely happy. When he came back, the tone of his voice confirmed Jordan's suspicions.

"Jordan, I need you to come to the club."

"I was going to, but I need a shower. Give me-"

"No. I need you here now, Jordan. Please."

Jordan started to ask what the rush was, but a knock on his front door interrupted his train of thought. "One sec. Someone's at the door." He set the phone down and grabbed his robe. As he slipped it on, he could hear Dorian's voice, rising in volume as if he were trying to get his attention. When he picked the phone back up, he said, "hold on. Just let me answer the door and then we can talk."

"Jordan, no!"

Ignoring Dorian, Jordan opened the door, the phone still held to his ear. He was surprised to see the manager for Elixir standing on the other side. 

"Can I help you?"

The man looked around Jordan's shoulders, then at him. "You're Jordan, right?"

Jordan shifted nervously, and whispered, "shh," into the phone. Dorian was near pleading. "Yes, I'm Jordan."

The man held out his hand. "I'm Carl. I was the manager of Elixir until about an hour ago. You're dating the owner, Dorian Baptiste, aren't you?"

Jordan's mouth dropped open. "I don't see how that's any of your business, but yes, I am."

"Knowing I'm protecting someone before something can happen makes it worthwhile," Carl said.

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"Jordan!"

"Dorian, just wait a damn minute." Jordan looked at Carl dubiously. "Now what's going on?"

"Dorian Baptiste is a vampire, Jordan. He's been fucking my brother and feeding from him for only God knows how long. He'll do the same thing to you if you don't get away from him."

Jordan nearly dropped the phone. "What?" He shook his head. "You're lying. No fucking way in hell."

Carl sighed impatiently. "Damn it! I walked in on them, Jordan! Dorian even had the audacity to lick the blood off of his lips in front of me. My little brother's blood!"

Jordan backed away, shaking his head. "No." He gripped the edge of the door tightly. "Get away from my door, or I will call the cops." With that, he slammed the door.

"Jordan, please..."

"Dorian, we need to talk."

* * * 

Jordan couldn't even bear to look Dorian in the eyes. He stared at the floor, his head cradled in his hands, as Dorian sat across from him. The only thing he could do was shake his head.

"Jordan, I'm sorry."

Jordan closed his eyes. "I was falling in love with you," he muttered. "And you kept something like this from me."

When he felt a hand touch his shoulder, he jumped up, wanting to get away from the man--the vampire--he had fallen in love with. He backed away from Dorian, closing his eyes to avoid seeing the pained look on the vampire's face. 

"Jordan, please," Dorian pleaded. "Let me explain."

"Explain what?! That you suck people's blood? That you were fucking someone else?" Jordan stopped and his shoulders dropped. He hadn't realized that it hurt more to find out Dorian was seeing someone else. Not until now.

Dorian sat slumped on the floor, his back against the couch where Jordan had been sitting. When he spoke, it was almost in a whisper. "Is that the real problem? That I was with Josef?"

Jordan sighed and sank down into the recliner. He had no idea what to say anymore. He simply nodded.

"Oh, Jordan." Dorian moved onto his hands and knees, and crawled over to the recliner. Within his eyes, Jordan could see the plea; Dorian begging him to understand. "Love, please," Dorian whispered. "Please let me explain."

"Fine." Jordan crossed his arms protectively over his chest and glared down at Dorian. Yet despite the anger and pain within him, he could not look at Dorian long without softening his features. He still loved him.

Dorian rose up on his knees and placed both hands on the arm of the recliner. From such a position, Jordan mused the vampire looked like a puppy begging for attention...and love. A bit of the anger slipped away.

"I love you," Dorian said. "But I was so afraid of losing you, that I didn't tell you what I am. I only took a tiny amount each time, only enough to taste you; never enough to feed. But how I wanted so badly to." He reached up, touching Jordan's face lightly, tentatively. Jordan closed his eyes. "I only fed from Josef when I needed it."

"And the sex?"

When Dorian sighed and pulled his hand away, Jordan felt a twinge of deep pain, as if part of him left as well. 

"When I feed, it's a choice: pleasure, or pain. Josef has always chosen pleasure, except...except the last time. He was so worried about me when I came back from taking you to dinner, that he offered to feed me without sex. He knew I needed it."

Jordan felt anger at himself begin to well up in the pit of his stomach. Dorian had been hungry then, but had denied himself the chance to feed, only for his benefit. "Oh, gods...Dorian..." He opened his eyes and met Dorian's terrified gaze. 

"Please," Dorian begged in a whisper, "don't leave me. I need you, Jordan. I love you."

Jordan wasn't sure what made the difference then: the desperation he saw in Dorian's eyes, or the image of Dorian literally starving while he ate. Whichever it was, it hurt, and it hurt deep. Jordan slid off of the chair, settling onto his knees beside Dorian. He reached out and touched Dorian's cheek, stroking his thumb slowly over his lips. How could he deny the man he loved something as vital as nourishment? He could he ever deny Dorian anything?

"Make me one promise."

"Anything, love. I'll do anything."

Jordan smiled slowly and gripped Dorian's chin, pulling him closer. "No one else but me, Dorian." Dorian looked momentarily confused. Jordan leaned forward and kissed him softly. "When you feed, you only feed from me."

Dorian's mouth fell open and Jordan chuckled softly. "Are...are you serious? You're not...leaving me?"

Jordan wrapped his arms around Dorian and sat back, pulling Dorian onto his lap. "No. I'm not leaving you," he whispered against Dorian's hair. "I don't think I could live without you, Dorian."

"Love..." Dorian's arms wrapped tightly around Jordan, as if he was afraid to let him go. "I'm so sorry I didn't tell you. I promise, I swear; no one but you."

Closing his eyes, Jordan kissed Dorian's hair. "And Josef?"

"He knows already," Dorian said, his voice muffled as he burrowed against Jordan's neck. "He only wants me to be happy."

"Are you?"

Dorian nodded. "Yes, love. Very happy, especially now."

Jordan took a deep breath, readying himself to ask the next question which need to be asked. "Are you hungry now?"

Dorian fell silent; even his movements stopped. A few minutes later, he nodded slowly. Jordan pulled him away enough to see his face, and was surprised to see Dorian's cheek streaked with tears. He wiped one away as it fell. Dorian closed his eyes and nuzzled into his touch. 

"Then feed," Jordan said, brushing his hair away and tipping his head to the side. Dorian looked hesitant and Jordan slid his fingers through his hair, pulling Dorian's face closer to his throat. "Please, Dorian."

Dorian stopped, pulling back to look at him. "Pain...or pleasure?" He bit at the corner of his bottom lip, revealing the tip of a sharply-pointed tooth.

Jordan reached up and brushed his finger over Dorian's lips, then slipped it inside his mouth. Dorian's eyes closed and his mouth opened with a sigh. Curiosity being a strong elven trait, Jordan touched his finger to the point of Dorian's canine, and was met with a swift prick. His breath caught as Dorian moaned, sucking on his finger to taste the small drop of blood on the tip. Jordan groaned as he felt himself grow hard. 

"Dorian..." he whispered breathlessly.

"Yes, love," Dorian murmured, releasing his finger and easing him onto his back. "Yes." He moved down, brushing soft, sweet kisses over Jordan's skin, setting every inch of him on fire.

Threading his fingers through Dorian's hair, Jordan arched his body into Dorian's touch, closing his eyes with a soft sigh. As Dorian's kisses continued their descent, his hand reached for Jordan's. Jordan took it, lacing their fingers together tightly just as his jeans fell open. He groaned as Dorian's breath warmed him, heating his flesh. Then those lips slid down his shaft and Jordan gasped, thrusting his hips up. 

"Dorian, please!" He squeezed Dorian's fingers, desperate for more. "I need you."

Dorian pulled away and slid back up Jordan's body to capture his mouth in a devouring kiss. Jordan lifted his hips and released Dorian's hand to shove his pants down. He kicked his shoes off, then kicked his pants to the side. When Dorian's palm touched him, he rocked his hips up, sliding his cock across Dorian's hand. 

"Need you, love." 

"Yes...please, Dorian, yes."

Dorian pulled away long enough to take his clothes off, then reached down to pull Jordan's shirt over his head. "So beautiful," he murmured, claiming Jordan's mouth as he knelt between his legs. He stretched his body over Jordan's, bringing their cocks together, sliding alongside each other. Jordan moaned into their kiss and draped his arms around Dorian's neck, his body trembling from the friction between them. 

"More," he pleaded. "Inside me, Dorian...please."

Dorian broke their kiss long enough to spit in his palm, then stroked himself, slicking his cock. He rubbed the head over Jordan's entrance and when Jordan wrapped his legs around Dorian's waist, Dorian pushed inside him. Jordan's breath left him as Dorian's cock settled completely, deeply inside him. He closed his eyes, holding Dorian close as they began to move, slowly, gently. 

Reclaiming his mouth, Dorian slid his arms beneath Jordan's shoulders, enveloping him in blessed heat as their bodies moved together, sliding against each other, in and out. Every stroke left Jordan breathless, his desperate whimpers drowned in Dorian's sweet kiss. 

When Dorian broke the kiss slowly, he began thrusting in and out with quicker, harder strokes. The sounds of their panting breaths, their moans of pleasure, filled the room. As his body began to tighten, nearing the edge of his release, Jordan gripped Dorian's head and pulled him down towards his neck.

"Please...Dorian. Do it now..." He gasped as Dorian's cock hit that spot deep within him, and seconds later he cried out. As Dorian's fangs sank deep into his throat, Jordan shook beneath him, tears flowing down his cheeks as his orgasm ripped through him in a heated rush. 

A split second later, Dorian growled and thrust hard, driving his cock deep as he came. Jordan held him tight, the tremors of his own release still radiating through his body. Dorian shook above him, then pulled away from his neck, licking the wounds softly before capturing his mouth once more in a soul-devouring kiss.