 Candice opened her eyes to see no one lying with her in bed. She slowly lifted her head up to see if she could spot her husband in the master bedroom. His unexpected absence didn't bother her. She could only assume that Neil went downstairs to get a glass of water. She closed her eyes and waited for him to return.

But when she opened her eyes again, she gazed at the digital clock on the nightstand. Twenty minutes had passed, and Neil still didn't appear in the same room. Candice could no longer feel lethargic. She sat up in bed and turned on the lamp on the nightstand. She noticed the door had been left partially open. She tapped her fingers on the blanket while wondering if Neil disappeared into the night to indulge in a moral code that would corrupt their mutual connection. She wanted to call out her husband's name, but she decided not to do it. She got out of bed and tried not to make any creaking noises on the wooden floor.

The twenty-seven-year-old woman crept across the dark hallway and checked the stairs. She looked down to see the living room submerged in natural blackness. She relied on her ears to detect any strange noises that originated from the first floor. So far, she couldn't hear anything out of the ordinary. In a slow pace, Candice snuck down the stairs and immediately froze at the bottom. She could have imagined it, but for a split second, she heard a familiar voice in the garage. It sounded like Neil, but it couldn't be. The few words that were spoken didn't belong to a man who would say such things.

Once she set foot in the main hallway, she kept a close watch of the other end of the hallway, which led to the kitchen. The faint lights from the kitchen had spread their pale emission on the floor. Neil could have been having a late-night snack, maybe something that would quench his midnight appetite. She snuck a little closer to the door. Now, she could clearly hear what her own husband saying the same exact phrase.

"Oh, yes...give it to me."

His voice had been lowered to a whisper, but Candice could still decipher it. It didn't seem right for Neil to say something that should have been said by her during their most intimate moments in the house. And now, her curiosity exceeded its maximum exposure. She became as silent as she could ever be while taking a peek in the kitchen. What she had seen immediately made her hold her breath.

Neil was a handsome and innocent man. His short blond hair, his slim physique, and his overall charming personality led Candice to believe that her official selection made her a true winner. She was led to believe that Neil would never betray her in any way possible. Now, as she witnessed his unusual antics on the kitchen floor, her perception of his character changed for good.

Neil was completely naked, his clothes kept in a pile in the corner. He stood on his knees and lowered himself on something that had been standing right between his legs and wedged right between his buttocks. A black-colored dildo stood right below him, and he continued to move up and down as it stayed inside his hole.

Neil squeezed his eyes shut as he muttered, "Oh, yes. Yes. I just can't stop. I want it inside me."

Neil's eyes widened when she became the first witness to his silent deception. She couldn't look away as her husband kept shoving the black dildo deep inside him. He gained a little momentum as his whispers had been raised to a moderate volume.

"I won't stop. I want your cock inside me!"

He started to caress his own cock by moving his fingers up and down the entire thick exterior. His panting grew louder, and his downward hip movements gained a little more speed.

"Yes, this is what I want. I don't want it to stop. This is our moment to shine."

Candice couldn't do anything other than to hide in the darkness and watch him imagine being the submissive one in the relationship. He had never acted this way before. He never gave off the impression that he gained an attraction to someone of the same sex. It appeared that he had become an expert at hiding secrets.

She watched him pulling his penis with his smooth acceleration while making his own personal moans even louder. The quick insertion between his buttocks didn't cease, and seeing as how he enjoyed the experience, there would be no way for him to halt everything all of a sudden.

At this point, Candice didn't even feel mad when she stumbled upon his most unbelievable secret. Watching him perform on his own made her feel mesmerized. She kept her eyes on his stimulated appearance: his eyes squeezed shut, his cock being caressed, and his blond hair swinging back and forth when pushing himself down against the dildo on the floor. She never expected to see something like this, and she wanted to learn more about the man that Neil had currently fantasized about.

The man gasped. "Oh, yes. Yes! I can feel it."

Panting, Neil leaned back as the eruption below his waist was brought to life. Little spurts of his natural juices ejected from his shaft and leaped into the air before landing on the floor. His fountain became a sight that Candice would never forget. As soon as he stopped his hip movements, he stopped stroking his cock and watched as his thick warm cum became visible on the marble tiles.

He smiled at himself and whispered, "You're one of a kind, and you know it."

He must have been referring to the man he imagined while making a mess on the kitchen floor. He pulled the dildo from out of his hole and stared at it with his fervent eyes.

He whispered, "Oh, Leroy...I wish you were here."

Candice snapped out of her hypnotic stage and turned away. She snuck away from the kitchen and returned upstairs. She made it to her bed without any unnecessary hints of her presence in the first floor. She lay in silence and waited for her husband to return with his clothes back on at least. She waited for several minutes before she realized that he would still have to destroy any empirical evidence regarding what he did in the kitchen.

She kept her eyes wide open. She tried to keep her thoughts away from Neil's rejection of conventional values, but she couldn't stop herself. She kept replaying the sight of the twenty-seven-year-old blond man breaking boundaries and damaging their eternal trust.

* * *

The next morning never felt so awkward. Candice woke up expecting to see her husband lying in bed with her again. But his absence continued to play an important role in his devotion to his secrecy. Candice wanted to confront her husband about what she had just witnessed. Unfortunately, she wouldn't know what to say. Instead, she got out of bed and readied herself for another day at the office. She put on one of her more gorgeous work clothes hoped to see Neil downstairs.

And when she did, she couldn't say anything about last night. She found him in the exact same room as before. Neil poured some freshly-brewed coffee into his mug. His appropriate apparel consisted of his typical green shirt and black tie. He remained calm and composed. Compared to his appearance last night, his current demeanor seemed a little more alien in Candice's perspective.

The woman kept her mouth shut as she poured coffee into her own mug. Her silence led to her husband asking, "Are you feeling okay?"

She replied, "Sure, I am. Why do you ask? Is there something wrong with me?"

Neil shook his head. "Nothing. You just look a little pale. That's all."

Candice had to think of a lie as quickly as possible. "I had a bad dream. I was stuck in traffic, and I couldn't get home in time. But it's okay. It's not gonna bother me that much. I mean, it's just a dream."

She couldn't say anything about her limited hours of sleep, with her husband's performance in the same room that she stood in being a primary factor of deprivation.

Neil couldn't see through her insincerity. He smiled and said, "That's why I married you. A bad dream isn't going to prevent you from walking out of this house."

"I can't afford to feel frightened all the time."

Candice turned away and looked down at the kitchen floor for just a split second. She couldn't spot any traces of Neil's semen anywhere.

"So what time will you come home from work?"

Their last few minutes of conversation consisted of trivial matters. Candice still couldn't say anything about what she had witnessed. She would have told him that she saw him in the kitchen being aroused by a black-colored dildo. Instead, she watched him leave the house after giving him a kiss and saying goodbye. Now would be the perfect time to search for the exact object that Neil had fooled around with. But several minutes of investigation in the house led to a complete repudiation of what she wanted to find. She couldn't uncover the dildo anywhere.

Sighing, she finished her coffee and dumped the remains in the sink. She left the house and went to work.

* * *

She would have spread her own gossip in the workplace, but she couldn't dare to tell her colleagues without knowing who Leroy was. Neil had said that name soon after his ejaculation, and she may have heard it once or twice during their marriage. Despite her stable work ethic and her smooth performance in the office, Candice kept her thoughts on that one name.

When she left her workplace, she stayed on the same street to reach her house in time. The city of La Mirada remained calm and uninterrupted by malevolent behavior expressed by unlawful individuals on the streets. The setting sun would soon leave behind its final illuminating tracks in the sky, resulting in a glorious sundown all over Southern California. Candice stayed silent as she entered her suburban neighborhood and parked on the driveway. Her husband's car had been parked right beside her own. She felt relieved that he had arrived home in time.

Candice stepped inside the house and found Neil in the living room. He sat on the sofa and stayed quiet while reading a paperback novel that he had purchased a few days ago. It felt so peaceful in the living room, even if Neil had fought against his mischievous urges all this time.

He looked up and gave her a smile. "So, how was your day?"

She smiled back. "I've done well."

He set the book aside and gave her a kiss. Even if she gave him a hug, she could no longer see him as a man she would want to cuddle with. "You smell real nice."

Neil chuckled. "Thanks, I knew I picked the right cologne."

Candice cleared her throat. "So, were there any problems at work?"

Neil brushed away a few strands of his hair from his face. "No problems at all. I did great all day."

"That's good to hear."

Suddenly, Candice remembered something. She snapped her fingers. "Shoot, I forgot to bring back something from work. I'm gonna go and get it. I'll be gone in about thirty minutes."

"Don't worry. I'll be waiting for you."

Neil sat back down and grabbed the paperback novel again. "I'll be staying right here."

Candice nodded. "Good, I'll be right back."

As soon as she left the living room, she could hear someone knocking at the front door.

"I'll get it."

She put her shoes back on before opening the front door. A tall African-American man with a thin beard stood on the concrete steps. He wore a black t-shirt and a white pair of pants. He looked to be the same age as both her and Neil.

She smiled, "Hi, can I help you?"

The stranger replied, "I'm one of Neil's friends. My name is Leroy."

Candice almost gasped. She faked her steady composure and said, "It's nice to meet you. I'm his wife, Candice."

A little smile formed on Leroy's face. "You look nice."

Neil appeared from behind Candice and nodded. "Hey, Leroy, come on in."

Leroy added, "So this is the one you married. She looks like she's got everything worked out for the both of you."

Candice tried to give a light chuckle but failed to do so. "Yeah, I guess you could say that."

Neil led Leroy inside. "If you don't mind, Candice has to go somewhere, but she'll be back soon."

Candice stepped outside. "Yeah, I have to get something from work. I totally forgot about it."

Leroy nodded. "Well, I hope it won't be too late."

Neil waved goodbye at her. "I hope to see you again soon, honey."

Candice replied, "It'll just take thirty minutes. Don't worry about it."

She smiled, even if she didn't want to. Neil closed the door. She started the engine and left the neighborhood.

She tightened her grip on the steering wheel. Her introduction to the man named Leroy was swift, yet remarkable. She began to wonder if Leroy knew anything about Neil's supposed attraction to him. She began to hear a pop song from her favorite radio station, but she turned it off just several seconds later. She couldn't extend her curiosity any longer. She made a u-turn on an intersection and kept her eyes on the road in front of her.

It didn't take long for Candice to return home. She parked one block away from the house. She walked back home and took a peek through the living room window. She couldn't see Neil nor Leroy anywhere in the living room. She took off her shoes and slowly unlocked the front door. She opened it as slowly as possible to avoid any unwanted noises. She stepped inside and found no trace of her husband or his friend. She tiptoed into the kitchen and didn't spot anyone.

And then, Candice looked up at the stairs in front of her. She began to shiver. She could only hope that Neil didn't do anything idiotic upstairs. She took a deep breath and took slow and delicate steps up the stairs. The hallway on the second floor remained dark and devoid of the sunlight. Only a small fraction of the hallway conveyed brightness that was far less faint than the rest, and it was located on the far end of the narrow corridor. The door to the master bedroom had been left partially open.

Candice could hear a faint noise that originated from the bedroom. It sounded like Neil laughing. Without a moment to lose, the woman slowly made her way across the dark hallway and reached the door to the master bedroom. She crouched down and, with impeccable timing, leaned forward and took a peek.

She held her breath. Neil and Leroy stood beside the bed simply because they were too busy being locked in their tight embrace. They gave each other quick pecks on their lips. Neil would be the first one who used his tongue to get his point across. He slid his tongue all across Leroy's lips while the black man didn't cease with his most cherished kisses.

Candice had her mouth wide open. The sight of her husband hugging and kissing another man overshadowed his lone position in the kitchen as the most unforgettable image of all time. She couldn't look away. She just watched the two men staring and smiling at each other for a brief moment. Their benevolent smiles easily showcased their true intentions behind closed doors. They leaned their heads forward again to give each other long kisses deemed innocuous by their own perspectives. Neil wrapped his arms around Leroy's neck and shared his enthusiasm by indulging in this secret affair.

He whispered, "I kept thinking about you last night."

Leroy chuckled. "Did you, really?"

"Yeah, and I wanted you inside of me so bad. I just had to pretend."

"Your wife doesn't know about it, does she?"

"Of course, not. Why would I tell her? I wouldn't want to lose someone like you."

Leroy kissed him on the neck. "That's all I want to hear."

Neil moaned lightly as Leroy came in contact with a weak spot on the skin. Neil almost gasped a few times whenever the other man went in for the thrills.

Candice stood on her knees and kept hiding behind the door. She still couldn't look away in disgust. As a matter of fact, she didn't even feel revolted at all. Seeing her husband being taken advantage of by another man didn't appear all that terrible. She watched as Leroy unbuttoned Neil's green shirt and used his other fingers to play around with Neil's hair.

"You don't have to pretend anymore."

Neil chuckled. "Sounds good to me."

He unfastened his belt and let Leroy take off his pants and boxer shorts. Leroy flung them to the side and let Neil take off his shirt himself. Candice's husband now stood naked in front of Leroy, who slowly eyed him from top to bottom.

"You're looking good right now. I hope you don't change at all."

Neil's smile denoted his willingness to share his own body with someone else. "Don't worry. I wouldn't do anything wrong for a guy like you."

Candice could see Neil's erection already taking effect. His cock straightened and became upright just in time for Leroy to see its complete unclothed splendor.

The black man licked his lips. "Now this is the way I like my men."

He pulled Neil closer and turned him around. He locked the white man in his tight embrace and brought his right hand further down.

Neil took deeper breaths. "Let me have it."

Leroy grabbed Neil's eager erection and caressed it by moving his fingers up and down. Neil gasped. He looked down to see the commencement of his next eruption unfold right in front of him. From behind, Leroy gave him a long and wet kiss. He clearly showed his appreciation for using a married man for himself by being in control of their providence. His authoritarian stance started as a patient surge in the bedroom. His fingers increased in speed and aggressiveness. Neil went along for the ride by grabbing on to Leroy's other arm.

"Don't stop. I want you to make it happen. Let me feel it."

Leroy didn't look like the type of guy who would follow simple instructions from someone else. He stayed quiet as he continuously slid his fingers across the smooth shaft up and down.

He whispered, "It is better when you're not pretending."

Neil smiled. "Yeah...fuck, yeah."

Leroy began to thrust his hips against Neil's bare buttocks. Even if the black man remained clothed, his slow forward motions did wonders to Neil's body and mind. He expressed his gratitude toward Leroy's dry humping by refusing to be anything other than an instrument for Leroy's own enjoyment.

Leroy's thrusts grew faster while the fingers that seized Neil's cock didn't stop their swift tempos. Neil's panting extended its higher volume.

Leroy whispered, "Don't forget. We're in this together. Don't start any bullshit with me."

"Oh, I can feel it! I don't you to stop! I want to feel it!"

Candice already understood what Neil meant. His loudest moan paved the way for the official eruption authenticated by the man behind him. His thick and creamy substance fell to the wooden floor and made soft thuds when each short burst came into contact with the smooth surface. Leroy finally decelerated his fingers as he ceased his dry pelvic thrusts.

Neil relaxed his entire body and let out a long sigh. "You are a damn good expert. I wish I met you sooner."

Leroy chuckled. "Better late than never, am I right?"

Neil looked down to see the small milky puddles settling on the wooden floor. "I'm gonna have to clean it up later."

"Good idea. I don't want to lose this moment between us."

Leroy released his companion from his embrace. He took a few steps back and let Neil watch him take off his own clothes. He threw his t-shirt, pants, and boxer shorts into the same corner where Neil's own attire lay. Candice could see that Leroy deserved his physique. His sturdy chest and abs would have made her swoon had she still been single. But this time, another man would feel the same way as her. With his cock still dripping with human ingredients, Neil lunged forward and gave Leroy another kiss.

"I want you to fuck me hard. You really deserve a guy like me."

Leroy smiled. "Let's see if you want it enough."

He got on the bed and lay on his back. His long black cock stood upright between his hips. "Come and get it."

Neil didn't wait. He joined Leroy in bed and now stood on his knees. Leroy's cock was just a few centimeters below his lower outlet. Neil bent over and gave Leroy a kiss.
