 Derek was a former footballer who now worked as a pundit, co-commentating on big matches and writing a column in a Sunday paper. He was Nigerian in origin but had played for England because he had lived most of his life there.

Burly was the word to describe him; a battering ram of a man. I had never liked him. He was a destructive player and not enjoyable to watch. Even when he was on my side, I still didn't warm to him. I liked creative players, not destroyers.

But there was a complication in all this: I found him sexually attractive. I couldn't look at him without imagining sucking his cock. He would just be running around the pitch or standing around at a free kick and I just could not help thinking about pulling his shorts down and taking his penis in my mouth.

And for a straight man that was quite disturbing.

It got even more disturbing when that old pervert, my imagination, had me kneeling behind him in a hotel room, licking his anus. And loving it. When he was on TV, if I was alone I often had to unzip my jeans, take out my cock and masturbate. I fantasised about him wanking in front of me, cumming in my mouth. Big fat Derek(he had ballooned since he retired and was now a blubbery monster, a slob.)

But the worst part was when I found myself wanting that shiny, bloated black body all over me. As the years went by, my fantasies changed and I now wanted to be fucked by him. I wanted to feel his excess upholstery draped all over me as I knelt and he mounted me doggy-style.

It would never happen, of course, so I was safe in my debauched imagination.

Then one day I looked in the local paper and saw that he was making a personal appearance at a football club not far away from where I lived. It was a charity event and he was going to be the after-dinner speaker - except there was no dinner. I could just imagine how tedious it would be.

It came as a surprise to me to find myself that Saturday driving to that club and paying money to see Derek perform. The room was only half full and I didn't know anyone so I just sat and drank red wine.

He came on at about nine o'clock and talked for an hour, telling stories about his upbringing (poor family in Nigeria, all living in one room with his father's family, then making a new start in England and his rise to international footballer).

He was actually more entertaining than I expected. And yes, I did get turned on watching him waddling around the stage with the baggy trousers of a dark suit flapping around his buttocks. I imagined his balls and cock swaying inside the loose boxer shorts he probably wore. Or were they cooped up in tight white underpants? Whatever was the reality, it was his business, not mine.

By the time he had finished I was a bit pissed, and so was he because the staff kept bringing him glasses of scotch, which he would hold up theatrically and toast some player or manager or other.

Afterwards he sat around with some officials, but the crowd dispersed quickly and soon there was just him and another guy and me. He called me over.

"Haven't you got a home to go to?" he joshed loudly. "Come on, everybody's buggered off, so who's going to keep me company, a lonely guy far away from home?" I smiled uncomfortably.

"Seriously," he said, turning to the other man. "Peter, how about a nightcap at my hotel?"

Peter made some excuse, so Derek turned to me.

"How about you, young man?"

I drove him to his hotel and he insisted I go in and have a drink with him. The bartender was about to close up but gave us a drink each as long as we made it quick. We sat in a corner and Derek asked me question after question about my life, desperate to get a conversation going, but my natural shyness made me, as usual, dull company. He didn't seem to mind. As long as he had someone to talk to, he was happy.

"Oops, here comes Hitler," he said quietly as the bartender came over to urge us to drink up.

"My room," he said into my ear. "Got a bottle of scotch"

I was as nervous as a schoolgirl as I entered the room - I could have said schoolboy, but I was thoroughly in feminine mode by that time.

The only furniture was a two-seater settee and a coffee table, so we sat together and Derek poured two very large whiskies.

"Bottoms up," he said jocularly. "Odd expression, isn't it. I wonder to what they were referring, whoever coined that phrase."

He had a rather pretentious way of talking. I laughed briefly.

"Still waters run deep, eh?" he observed. "You're a quiet one. If I didn't know better I might think there was something going on in that mind of yours."

"Such as what?" I asked nervously.

"You remind me of myself many years ago," he explained. "Sitting with a friend of my Dad's. And the next thing he asked me was, 'Would you like to suck my cock?' So..."

I laughed again.

"And would you?" he asked, looking quite serious.

"Would I what?" I stammered.

"Would you like to suck my cock?" he repeated, looking into my eyes. "I think you would." 

With that he leaned over, put his big arms around me and kissed me. I kissed him back timidly and his big right hand enveloped my cock and balls.

"Talk to me," he said quietly. "I think you've got things to tell me. Or shall I guess?"

I nodded.

"You used to watch me playing and you always thought I was so big and tough and you fancied me. In spite of yourself. Yes?"

"No," I said. "Not exactly."

"Tell me, then," he said tenderly. "It's okay. No one will know about this and it's an opportunity to have an... enjoyable time. Get something off your chest. Or maybe I'll wank on your chest, would you like that?"

Suddenly I was seized by a reckless urge.

"Yes, I would like you to wank on my chest," I spurted. "And I would like to suck your cock and lick your arse and I want you to fuck me. To be honest I never liked you as a player and I don't really like you as a pundit but I have always wanted to have sex with you."

"Well, you're nothing if not honest," he replied, both offended and amused. "I may have to put you over my knee for that."

One minute later we were both naked and I had the most wonderful erection ever. Derek was hard too and I looked at his cock in fascination.

"Come here," growled. "I'm going to spank you."

He pulled me across his lap and I felt his stiffness against my stomach as he slapped my arse. I was almost delirious with lust and when he put his finger in my mouth and then up my arse I thought I might die of thrills.

"Okay," he said. "Suck me now."

I knelt between his legs and took his shiny black rod in my mouth. He lay back and luxuriated in being serviced, the black hair in his armpits sending shivers of lust through me.

"On the bed," he said suddenly, and we tumbled onto the soft mattress, kissing and holding each other's dick. He manoeuvred himself on top and I loved the bulk of him. He squeezed his thighs between mine and I felt his cock probing around the place. My hands wandered his shoulders and back and then I was squeezing Derek's buttocks and pulling them apart and all my fingers were lodged in his crack.

"So, you want to lick my arse," he said, rolling off and lying on his back, pulling his legs up so his dark cave was looking at me.

"Lick my arse," he said simply, and that simple, powerful request sent my lust levels through the roof.

I licked his crotch and his balls and I sucked his scrotum. And then I entered the pit of depravity. My face was buried between this man's legs and my tongue touched his anus and then I was lost in a dream world, licking his arse as he moaned with pleasure and stroked my head.

"Oh my god," he said breathlessly. "I'm going to come here every Saturday just so you can lick my arse."

"Don't forget to fuck me," I said cheekily.

"Oh, I'm going to fuck you," he said. "Don't worry about that. Do you need a lot of lube?"

"No," I replied. "Just a little cream should do it."

Derek got off the bed, went into the bathroom and came back with a fingerful of something pale yellow.

I lay on my back and he lubed my hole, then the end of his cock. I lifted my legs high and wide as the ebony man-mountain positioned himself above me. The flesh was hanging and he had nice tits. I sucked one and he groaned.

"You're a dirty bitch," he said happily, and then with one firm push his penis was inside me, hard and fat and long. The indescribable feeling possessed me as he rode me strongly but with a gentleness that was quite charming. He was making love to me. His wonderful erect cock was inside me and I was being fucked by a strong, heavy man, but he was also doing it with love. My feet were on his back, my legs wrapped around him, submissive and loving in return.

"Come inside you?" he asked.

"Yes. I want you to," I replied.

A few second later I felt his cock convulse inside me as his spunk left his balls and powered up though his cock and into my arse.

As he collapsed on top of me I was submerged by his smooth, shiny, fat skin and I felt around again for his arse, that terrible, forbidden part that I had licked like a whore with no shame.

"You're not in a hurry, are you?" Derek asked, looking into my eyes.

"No. Why?"

"Because I think I want to do all that again in a few minutes."

"What? Spank me?" I said happily.

"If you like."

"Kiss me?"

"Uh huh."

"Get me to suck you?"

"You're great at that."

"Get me to lick your arse?"

"You're even better at that."

"And fuck me?"

"Oh yes," he said firmly. "I'm going to fuck you again."