 When I entered James room it was not because I was snooping, it is just that I could hear this sort of moaning sound and, being his flat mate and sharing separate rooms, I had grown to like him very much and could not bear the thought of him being in any pain.

We'd known each other just three months since he advertised for a flat mate to share the rent and that was fine with me. We were both about the same age in our early twenties and one thing that interested me very much about James was that he never brought a girl home and quite blatantly told me he'd had just one disastrous relationship with a girl called Jenny who let him down terribly and broke his heart.

What I had learnt about him made my hopes spur, that maybe we could start up an intimate relationship - but I couldn't find out at the time if he had the same leaning as I by a long chalk. I didn't want to take chances with our new friendship and mess it up by suggesting something that was obtrusive ton him - but I am so happy to say that how it all turned out was perfect.

And it happened in a way that seemed like it was destiny...

On entering his room one day I saw that he was busily masturbating himself and hadn't even noticed me enter the room maybe because at that stage, he was so concentrating in the job in hand so to speak..

I stopped in my tracks not knowing quite what to do or if I should say something or just back away and leave his room in hope he hadn't noticed me.

Then he saw me, his eyes focused on mine and he looked so frustrated. But he didn't seem embarrassed or anything like that.

"Sorry, James, I'd better go, it is just that ..."

"Stay!" he interrupted, "Stay, Alex, I need a good mate to talk to."

I stood there feeling a bit ominous - he didn't't make any effort to put himself away and I could see he hadn't cum or anything like that.

"I am so frustrated, I want to but can't, Alex."

"I know the feeling" I returned with a smile. "It's like when you want to sneeze but cant Huh?"

He grinned and then quietened, not looking at all embarrassed, in fact he still hadn't zipped up! He had that look in his eye which so attracted me. He didn't need to say anything, it was all in that luring look of his, his brown eyes and his expressions that said he wanted for me to do it for him.

I decided to go for it, take a chance, it seemed the right thing to so unless I was grossly mistaken by his body language...

"Would you'd like me to...?" I asked cutting my question and pointing down to his crotch.

To my relief he reacted with a positive to nod and what that did for me was extraordinary, I felt the blood throb in my arteries - the thought of touching him and better still, the reality of him wanting me too, I had dreamt for so long how nice it would be if he was like me to be with him physically - and how it would be with James, and now I was beginning to realise we were not unalike by any means.

I closed to him, ever so slowly, this was going to be a very special moment for us both. Gradually, very gradually, I let my fingers stroke him first. His arousal had shrunk and I wanted him to rise again. It didn't take long and James had the most delightful stance I could ever have imagined.

My eyes caught his once again we exchanged that certain wanting. Then it was sheer magic, he pressed his lips to mine without hesitation and immediately with no apprehension or inhibition we were sharing the most warm and delicious deep French kiss, after that he whispered for me to do it for him, "please? he urged and that sounded so wonderful, giving me the inspiration to really enjoy the feel of him in my hand, squeezing him there as it grew and grew so fine, sensing the sheer lust growing inside me and scent of him too, and how it turned me on that - certain scent , then the stronger scent as I gently stretched him back until the whole head of his lovely ripe cock was revealed. It was lovely and divine, so wonderful and nice to squeeze and touch, and very spoilable in my hands and so warm too.

"How is that, James?" 

"Out of this world!" he moaned. "That's it," he continued closing his eyes, " the way you are doing it now, just do it like that." I massaged him gently, bending it a little which he loved, it was so pliable and I guess mine was the same, but somehow I had never realised it doing it to myself - then, asking him to stand with his legs wider apart so I could ball him from behind, that was so nice because he was so well hung and it was so delightful to cup and gently squeeze his balls with my right hand and carry on wanking him with my left.

Pushing his tackle forward he loved it and responded by twisting his hips around from side to side as I continued to massage him, balling and cocking and watching his head lean back in ecstasy as I gave him quality time - but he was soon telling me to go quicker. I could not resist, but I wanted the taste of him, that rich nectar of unadulterated hard stiff cock, so instinctively I went down to him as he moaned, took him feverishly into my mouth, feeling it and tasting it, the flavour changing as I teased the foreskin back tight again to get a real slow suck of its crimson head, finding the p-hole I discovered, teasing it with just the very tip of my tongue, that loved so much to lick and probe and suck there too, the salty earthy taste of his being entering my soul as I mouth fucked him by deep continued sucking and firm wanking.

I was entering my own exclusive world of carnal delight, the sheer experience overwhelming me, my mouth full of him, the delight of the smell and taste of him, the feel of his gorgeous firm balls so good and so heavenly.

He yelled he would cum if I didn't stop but I didn't - giving him the pointer that I wanted that - to actually sense his climax spurting delightfully, so delightfully over my face and into my mouth, feeling the heat of it and the taste if it as I sucked it down with a curl in my tongue. For me this was the only complete way to experience the full thrill and joy of both the touch, the feel, the scent and finally the taste, with the added bonus of swallowing his cream of love - feeling it and tasting it in my throat which was so divine. It sort of made me feel he and I were then complete lovers, and for my part we were.

Afterwards, when James had come back to earth, he thanked me profusely - almost like he was apologising too for losing control.

But I expressed it was for me the most wonderful thing to do, that I had always liked him and yearned to be intimate.

He looked surprised and perhaps relieved at the same time -I could tell something was going through his mind.

"Penny for them?" I asked inquisitively. 

"It is just that being with you, Alex I find it a wonderful new experience, that I am realising something of myself that I have for a long time not understood, but Alex, you have really brought me out and I want to show you just how grateful I am. Is there anything I can do for you, like what you have done for me?"

Of course I wanted that, to enjoy the feel of another doing it for you is wonderful, because doing it yourself can never be the same, because you are able to anticipate moves and touches and besides, as much as I have tried, and it is quite funny thinking about it now, I could never suck myself off.

I told James this, we needed to understand each other, our mutual desires, our wants. I wanted to know if he was a taker or a giver, I wanted him to he a giver because the female hormones inside me were overruling the male ones I knew that - and had often wondered how it would be to be a girl.

Imagine the relief and happiness when James said he'd prefer to give, that he loved the thought of that. And that was the prelude to a so wonderful new relationship.

He told me how he had always longed secretly to be with another guy, and a guy like me. And as he started to make love with me I soon realised his deep carnal wanting - loving his explorations as he explored me, his delightful tongue working between the crevice of my hind, the feel of his hands actually stretching and the feeling of knowing he actually wanted me there, all the time I pricked him up, that is how he wanted it, he said so in those words, and he said also that he wanted to see my all and feel the squeeze of my hole as it took good hard prick deep inside so that he could really fuck me silly.

How wonderful it was to be all ass for him, it was an experience so new and so wonderful I was in my heaven. The feel of Alex so wonderfully teasing and touching me, the feel of his tongue and lips probing my being For those next few days we found each other, got to know everything about each other, different ways of doing things was always so very exciting to the core and now my ass has been fully initiated and constantly serviced with the full thrilling fuck of James, and the things you would hardly imagine, like when he has me full spread over the edge of the dining table, the way he just stops in mid fuck and holds me so steadfast, then I know why - he is loving to feel our mutual throb of each others fuck deep up inside, and all the time his strong hands groping, nudging and squeezing my ass cheeks, stretching them wide apart, as he did when he started to take me over the table, his mouth lavishly enjoying into my hole, his tongue working there, his mouth sucking me there, all these things revving me up to the full quality of his fuck of me. I wanted that and so much, I simply wanted to be all ass for him, all everything for him - we'd do it all sorts of ways, back, front, me on top, balling him as he fucked, him alike me in the scissor position was nice too And afterwards our sessions in the shower were just perfect.

With his frequent fucks and his 'seeing to' as he loved to call them, when he planted me across his knee for the occasional light spanking he knew I enjoyed as a pre- fuck experience, sometimes he loved to do it when I wore my tightest of tight blue brush jeans and other times, according to his moods, he wanted me in boxer shorts when he'd massage baby oil into the redness of my fresh spanked ass - and having gotten an extreme hard-on, planted me on all fours on the rich pile red carpet and fucked the ass off me

With James it is so nice. After our wonderful sessions I still feel him inside me for ages and feel so good that I have given him the thrill and happiness we both share. Even that taste of him in my mouth after I have sucked him. Imagining the sniff of him still there in my nostrils.

I guess I shall never ever tire of James. And you now guess what?, he says he has got some handcuffs to experiment with.

Such relationships as mine and James's evolve more and more with new experiences that we both what and enjoy. Watch this space ...