 Edited By: Tangent Joker

Parker felt naked. He had on low rise jeans, and a Nirvana T-shirt, but despite his complete state of dress he felt naked. Worse than feeling so exposed, he felt as though he was about to be scolded. He was standing in the principal's office, butt ass naked and about to be expelled. 

Of course, he wasn't in high school about to be expelled. Instead, Parker was standing in the middle of what looked to be a typical office. There were white walls with a few pornographic posters on them. In the center of the room was a huge dark wood lawyerly looking desk which looked out of place amongst the rest of the cheap furniture. There were two houseplants on the desk which looked like they needed a bit of watering. Across from the desk was the door, and two chairs that looked a lot less comfortable than the expensive black office chair on the other side of the intimidating desk. 

He shifted his weight from foot to foot ready to be told he could go home. Today was Parker's second day at the studio and, two failed solo sessions later, he was thinking that he didn't have what it took to be in this industry. How difficult was it to masturbate and do it in a visually appealing way? He had committed one of his most private acts on camera twice and knew it wasn't good enough. Parker looked at the one erotic poster. It was of a very skinny redhead being fucked from behind by a set of wide dark hips. The redhead was attractive, but no one compared to his Antonio. 

Steven Wells walked through the door, a stupid warm smile on his face. That was it. Parker was just going to tell this guy to fuck off and continue looking for another real job. If Wells had made a mistake in giving him his card then that was his problem. Parker would just demand to be paid for the two solo sessions and then go. 

"So," Steven started sitting down at the desk, "Have you squared everything away with payroll?" Steven gestured to the chairs indicating Parker should sit. 

Parker nodded "Yeah, they have my information for the checks," Parker said flatly. 

"Good, good. Well it seems you aren't very talented when you are by yourself, are you?" 

"No," Parker grit his teeth and was happy he was standing. It would make it easier to exit with some form of dignity when Steven told him he wasn't what they were looking for. 

"Please sit down. We have a lot to go over and your standing is making me nervous. Now we need to think of a screen name for you. Did you have anything in mind?"

He hadn't been prepared for that. Parker pulled out one of the black office chairs and sat. He was speechless and had almost missed the chair. "I thought, I thought that you were going to fire me."

Steven laughed. "Of course I'm not firing you. I'd like to make you an offer to be one of our exclusives. See, I like to film our boys without condoms and the safest way to do that is to test regularly and to make sure there is a contract that prevents you from engaging in unsafe behavior when it can be avoided."

"I was horrible," Parker said still not trusting that Steven did, in fact, want him to stay. Maybe he hadn't seen the tapes yet. 

"Most men can't beat off attractively. It is a skill few possess. I'll pay you for them and keep them for my records. I like the Q&A portion of those tapes, myself. Anyway, you don't need to be talented. I can just have one of my tops do the work and make you look good." 

"I'm uhh..." Parker blushed all over. He was sure that even his ears had turned red. "I'm a top."

"Even better, it's the bottoms that really make the scene. Now, do you have a preference in partner type? We don't really have many Hispanic boys, but I think we have a few that are on a scene by scene basis."

Parker thought about that for a little while. He had been honest with Antonio about what he was doing for money but the thought of having to pick a boy to cheat on his lover with just made it feel dirtier. He glanced at the poster with the redhead on it again. 

"I mean, he is pretty good looking."

Steven twisted in his desk and smiled as he looked at Joel's face twisted in a moment of pleasure. 

"Yeah? His name is Joel and he is a favorite around here." Steven's lips pursed on the side of his mouth as he thought. "Tell you what, why don't we try you with the new guy? If it goes well and you prove you can be a top I'll set you up to do a scene with Joel."

Parker didn't want to tell Steven that he could care less who the bottom was. He was just looking for an answer to his type so that he didn't have to tell Steven Wells the truth. He felt dirty for being here and felt like such a piece of shit for cheating on Antonio for money. 

"That's fine."

Steven smiled again, indicating he had gotten his way. Parker wondered if the reason Steven was always smiling so brightly was because he got his way all of the time. 

"Good. Now, Parker all we need to do is come up with a name for you. Did you have any in mind?"

Parker shook his head no. He hadn't considered he needed to rename himself. 

"Well that is fine. I was going to suggest calling you Peter Parker but you don't really look like the tights wearing type," Steven let his eyes wander over Parker. They rested on the silver lettering on his black T-shirt. "You are a fan of Nirvana?" 

"Yeah," Parker pulled the shirt away from his body and looked down at the writing. 

"What if we call you Curt Kobain? CK instead of KC."

Parker wrinkled his nose. He thought it was disrespectful to have the porn star name of someone who was no longer living. 

"I don't know, isn't that kinda disrespectful?"

"Of course not! We have a few boys who had picked names after their favorite past rock stars. They just alter the lettering a little bit. You look like the young version of him anyway. The name fits. Do you have a better solution?" Steven knew Parker didn't and he was soon smiling again, this time a bit brighter. "That's what I thought," Steven Wells had gotten his way again. He always did. 

*******

"We are gonna try and pair you with a more effeminate guy. In the past, we have found it tends to help the 'straight' ones warm up to being on screen with another guy," Ben, one of the other camera guys used air quotes as he talked to the ex-high school football star. 

"I am straight," Brian defended. 

Ben laughed "Yeah, alright. Well we have a nice little fem lined up for you. So how this works is he is gonna come in as though this is the locker room. He is going to pretend to be some little doe eyed innocent college freshman who is lost. You are the university football star and you are horny. You didn't have time to do your pregame stroke session and so you are all keyed up after the game. You can be as rough as you want, Riley likes it rough and so do the viewers." 

Brian nodded in understanding. "Alright. So we are going to the local gym then?" 

"Yeah, we rented out their locker room for the scene."

*******

It felt like he was trying to talk through a puddle of mud. Antonio looked down at his French homework, thinking he should have cheated and taken Spanish. It was stupid that he was required to take two years of a foreign language that he would never use.  

"Psst."

Antonio looked up, seeing Anna smiling at him. He cocked his head in confusion, wondering what she wanted his attention for. He was surprised when she waved for him to join her. 

The library was usually dead on the weekends, so it was strange to see someone from one of his classes. Not to mention it was strange to see another Spanish speaking person on campus at all. He gathered his things from the computer pod and headed over to a small wooden table tucked into one of the curving window walls. 

"Are you having troubled with Cheng's homework, too?" she asked, raking her fingers through her long black hair in order to fluff it up a little. If Antonio had been straight like his parents had hoped, Anna would have been the type of girl he would go for. She had a beautiful round face with eyes as dark as his own. 

"Yeah, makes me think I should have taken Spanish." He smiled at her. They had never been friends or anything but would smile in acknowledgement when passing each other on campus. 

"You too?" She purred in a heavy Mexican accent. It reminded Antonio of his mom's voice. 

"Yeah, pensé que estaba solo."

The pair slipped in and out of Spanish easily, and finished their homework in much less time than it would have taken if they had done it alone. It made Antonio feel good to have someone to speak Spanish with, who shared his culture. He wished he hadn't been too shy to talk to her before. 

"Where is tu novio?" She asked recalling that Antonio seemed to always have a grungy blonde bodyguard with him. Anna thought they were rather cute, always holding hands when they walked. 

"Parker? He is working and I didn't want to be home alone all day. I figured I could get this done and then work on my research paper," Antonio hoped Anna wouldn't ask what Parker did. He wasn't ashamed of Parker giving that creep from the donation center a call, but Parker had asked for him not to tell anyone. 

They hadn't really talked about Parker's new employment. Parker had told him he was looking into it, and then that he was doing it. He had given a long speech about how they needed to be stable and it would be worth it soon. Parker had promised it would be meaningless and told Antonio that he would love only him. 

There really wasn't any other option than for Antonio to say he was ok with it. Parker took care of things, and he knew what was best. If Parker said this was best than Antonio would believe him. 

Thankfully, Anna didn't ask about his employment. 

"So you are solo all day?" she asked mixing Spanish with English. 

Antonio nodded. "Yeah, until he comes to get me at five."

Anna had to bite her tongue to keep from smiling at Antonio like he was a cute little pomchi puppy. "So, we can go have lunch together." She pulled on Antonio's arm and he reluctantly gathered his things. 

"I'll sit with you but I packed a lunch." Antonio knew they didn't have the money to waste on campus food. He pulled a container which contained black beans and rice out of his back pack. 

"Come on, I'll treat. I hate sitting by myself and I would feel like a cow eating fast-food if you are eating that."

*******

Parker sat in the on-site living room. Jason had suggested he take one of the other new guys over the arm of the couch. They were going to start the scene playing video games and then Parker was supposed to initiate action. 

He couldn't help but to be nervous. Parker had wanted to see who he was filming with today, and had showed Antonio Tar's solo session. The other guy was clearly talented, and much younger. 

Tar reminded him of Antonio in an odd way, which only made things worse. He looked so beautiful and innocent. He had the same lost puppy look that Antonio had had the day his parents had kicked him out. 

"He isn't bad, I guess," Antonio said moving under Parker's arm. He didn't like the idea of Parker doing some other guy, but he knew Parker's heart wouldn't be in it. He could already see the apprehension in his lover's eyes. "What is his name again?"

"He goes by Tar."

"Like the stuff on the streets? That's a really stupid porn name," Antonio wrinkled his nose watching the slutty male get off on tape. 

That had been just last night, and yet it felt like it had been days ago. Parker had emailed the email address he had been given for 'Tar' wanting to talk a little before they started filming. They had agreed to meet up half an hour early in the living room set. 

This room was at least a little better than the other ones he had seen the other boys film in. A couch provided a somewhat different array of positions. The floor was covered in boring beige carpet. There was a TV against the wall opposite the couch, and even a houseplant in the corner. It could have been any living room in America, but Parker assumed that was the idea. 

He looked at the clock hanging to his left. His filming partner was five minutes later than the time they had agreed on. He heard a bang on the door that made him jump. It sounded like someone had tripped into the closed door. He got up just as a boy in low rise jeans and a Yoshi shirt came in. 

"Hey handsome," Tar panted as though he had been running to get to the set. "Sorry, I lost track of time." 

Parker nodded. Seeing Tar in a solo session by himself, and having Tar right in front of him was two entirely different things. He tried to introduce himself, but his mouth had gone dry from the nerves. He pulled at his own jeans, wanting to do something with his hands that would distract from the fact that he was shaking. He should just leave, go home to Antonio and forget this whole idea. 

"First time?" Tar asked sitting down on the black leather sofa. He wiggled back into it, and then shifted around a bit trying to get comfortable. He was still grinning from ear to ear, and Parker noticed he had a bit of an accent. He hadn't noticed it in the solo film. 

Tar's warm demeanor convinced Parker to sit back down. The first scene had to be the hardest. He would get through today and then take Antonio out for dinner with his paycheck. A small splurge that they could afford now thanks to his infidelity. This was for Antonio, Parker reminded himself as he tried to force words from his being.

"Yeah, you?" he asked, hoping unreasonably that Tar was also inexperienced. 

"Nah, I'm kinda a slut. Don't worry. I'll help you through it. I mean you are a top so essentially all you have to do is move your hips," Tar sucked on his lower lip and made loud moaning noises as he humped the air and then laughed. "See, easy." He was trying to feel Parker out, and figure out how to help with the nerves. 

Parker exhaled and even smiled a little as he settled back into the couch. It occurred to him that Tar was already making him less nervous by being comical about what was about to happen. Of all the ways Tar could have made this better he had managed to read Parker perfectly. 

"Yeah, I guess it is pretty easy."

Tar nodded in agreement. "Yeah, the only hard part is you have to um be hard." He glanced towards Parker's groin. "Let me help you a little, alright? You aren't Parker anymore. You are what was it? Curt?"

"Yeah, they think I look like Kurt Cobain."

"Well, Kurt Cobain is single and very, very, horny all the time. When you film, you become someone else. You put on a mask and that person isn't you." Tar didn't want to bring up Parker's boyfriend in case it upset him and killed the mood. He needed a way for Parker to not think of this as cheating. 

Parker watched Tar move closer to him, and he decided not to move away. Hell, they were about to be naked and fucking on camera in a few minutes so he may as well let Tar warm him up. 

"I just want to make Curt feel good. It's like masturbating with help." Tar kissed Parker's neck and felt a small bit of pride when his filming partner's breath hitched. "I'm so hot right now," Tar whispered against Parker's ear before running the tip of his tongue along the outer crest. "I've been so bad. You are going to have to spank me." 

Parker closed his eyes. He had never been into spanking before, but quickly adopted the kink as something his alter ego would enjoy. His breath was becoming shallow as Tar gave little teasing touches. Somehow they had gone from innocent talking to lustful petting. 

Sensing Parker was gone, Tar slipped into his lap. He sat straddling his new playmate, facing him. "Curt?" He asked in a breathy whisper.

"Hmm?" It was all Parker could get out. His jeans felt tight and the outline of his cock was being rubbed by Tar's perfect bottom. 

Tar's nosed touched noses with Curt, breathing in the warm exhaled breath. He had planned to kiss him, but sensed that kissing was something Parker would want to keep for his lover. He was a little disappointed by the revelation, but didn't allow it to bother him. Instead, he kissed Curt's neck, careful not to leave any marks. He squirmed a little more, giving Curt's now hard cock some more friction. 

"Will you touch me?" 

Curt nodded and slid his hands up Tar's shirt, eliciting a soft moan from those teasing lips. 

Just then, the door unlatched and Jason, flanked by two lackies, entered. "Well, I see you two are comfortable."

Tar pulled back and got off of Curt's lap. He could tell by the devouring eyes of the blonde that he had succeeded in making him comfortable enough. He leaned forward, allowing his jeans to pull over his ass and looked over his shoulder, pleased that his partner was looking. He handed Curt a controller and sat between his legs with Curt still on the couch.

"Filming," Jason announced, knowing that neither participant really had lines. They would just edit it from where it got interesting. 

Tar leaned back a little, pressing his head into Curt's lap. He rubbed his chin on the hard rod to keep his new friend in the mood. Now all Curt had to do was come up with some clever way to initiate sex. 

He had been told by Jason that Tar liked it rough, and the viewers liked a lot of touching. With Tar's head in his lap, he did what came naturally. He was on autopilot. Curt ran his hands through Tar's dark black hair, noticing it was a lot softer than he thought it would be. 

He heard a small groan of encouragement from Tar. "You like that?" he asked, moving to Tar's neck. 

"It's cheating. I can't focus on the game." Tar looked up into Curt's eyes. "It's mean to tease." 

Curt watched Tar's lips turn into a pout. If he had really been playing a game, his eyes wouldn't have been off the screen so long. Curt reached out, a little unsure and touched those sinful lips, his action was rewarded as Tar opened his mouth and sucked the finger into his mouth. 

Curt felt Tar's tongue ensnare his finger. The tongue stud running along the underside of his finger instantly made his mind consider where else that trick would feel good. He watched as Tar sucked the entire finger into his mouth, the breath from his nose unfurling over the back of his hand. His lips parted as a small sound of pleasure escaped him. 

He watched as victory flared behind those dark doe eyes. In that instant, Tar's innocence faded and he found himself reflected in those magnetic pools. 

Tar moaned somewhere deep in the back of his throat. The vibrations traveled through Curt's finger through his core like an electric spark to his cock. He moaned in appreciation of the promised future sensations. 

"Who said I was teasing you?" 

The corners of Tar's mouth pulled up into a grin. He pulled off of Curt's cock, moving to a more desirable oral occupation. He abandoned the game completely and kissed Curt's already hard shaft. His skilled fingers made quick work of the button and zipper on Curt's jeans. 

Knowing his shoes would get in the way of his pants coming off easily, Curt kicked them off. He lifted his hips so the jeans could come off and he watched his boxers go with them. He grabbed fistfuls of Tar's hair and pulled his face against his cock. 

The other twink obliged, and licked Curt's balls. He lapped at the heavy orbs with the broad of his tongue, using his tongue stud to put pressure between them so each could be worshiped as its own entity. He felt fingers in his hair, sending a prickling heat down his spine, and moaned with pleasure. 

"Curt, I want to taste you," he purred asking for permission to satisfy his oral fixation. 

His hair was tugged harder as he was pulled to the tip of Curt's cock. He eyed it hungrily, a drop of pre-cum already beading up at the slit. Tar's tongue lolled out as he collected the drop on his tongue. He swirled his tongue around the flared out edges of Curt's head, allowing him and Jason's camera to catch a glimpse of his tongue piercing. 
