 Levi POV

Levi was just getting out of the shower when he heard the knock at his door. He wondered who would be at my house at 11o'clock at night after he had just gotten off work late and dirty. I was helping a farmer who's building had caught on fire we were getting out as many of the pigs that we could save then we had to go roundup any pigs we could find. I worked for the DNR, but I also volunteered for the local fire department and when he had been called in to help, he had a hard time saying no. 

The knock came again as he was putting some sweats and a tee on to cover myself when the back door opened, and he heard a familiar voice call out. 

"Levi, I know your home I can see your truck in the drive" Marcus hollered up thought the house at him. 

I just rolled my eyes, figures he's the one to show up unannounced but I was surprised to hear him this late at my house as they were expecting, in just a few weeks, their first kid. He usually didn't leave Melanie any more than he needed to just in case the little buggar decide to come early. He doted on that women more than any man I've seen, they were good for each other, she was the only women I've ever seen get the better of him. 

"Yeah just putting something on didn't want to scare you with all my manliness" I chuckled to myself as I headed down the stairs into the kitchen to see what was going on that made him show up so late without a call or text. Levi rounded the corner and stopped suddenly as Marcus was not alone in the room, there stood another guy standing next to him with his head down looking worse for wear. 

"what's going on in here . . . .? " my voice trailed off as I noticed the stranger with Marcus in my kitchen. The guy looked up when I started to speak and I had to catch himself the first thing I noticed was the grey stormy eyes that was looking in his direction. Next, he noticed the bruises that were starting to form around his eye and along his jaw line. The kid looked like someone put him through the ringer. He was about 5 foot 11 and lanky he seemed to be sinking into himself and looked like a frightened animal as his eyes kept darting around the room look for an invisible threat. He had dark hair and it was cut into a current style short on the side with some length on the stop, but at the moment just kept falling in those amazing eyes. 

"This is Andrew his brother is a good friend and he needs a place to stay I would let him crash at my place, but I was worried about Mel and with the baby coming we are a little tight on room." Marcus looked around and waved his arm to emphasized just how much room I have. "I was hoping you could find it in your stubborn heart to spare the kid some space." He just smiled at me hoping to win me over with his charm. 

"What happened to his face" I asked bluntly 

"My dad happened" he growled in my direction "I may be bruised but I can still speak for myself" he blasted at me hotly.

I held my hands up in defense trying not to piss the kid off more, "My bad you just didn't seem in the talking mood. What did you do to piss your dad off enough to rearrange your face like that? I just need to know if he's going to be a problem while you're staying with me."

"Maybe I should just a hotel" the kid muttered "at least it would be quite." 

"Now hold on" Marcus interjected, "Andrew I promised your brother I would find you a safe place to crash while things settled down with your folks." Marcus looked at me "He came out to his family and he dad didn't take it well there is more, but I'll let him fill you in when he is ready. Could he crash here for at least a few days until I can talk with his brother about were to go from here?" Marcus moved over to the kid and patted him on the shoulder. 

"I'm not some little kid you all have to take care off I have enough money I can find a place to stay and get my own shit figured out. I don't need you all to babysit me and act like I need to be looked after." He fired back knocking off the hand that was on his shoulder and takin a step back. His fist balled at his side and he was standing at his full height. I was impressed with how good he looked and he really filled out those jeans. I had to remind myself that this wasn't the place and focus on Marcus for a minute. 

"Cool It kid" I said, "I could use some help around here, this place needs a lot of it, so you'd be helping me out too." I had finally gotten his attention by the end of my words and he backed off a bit and put his head down again. 

Looking at Marcus, "I think we can get it from here, I'll talk to you tomorrow and tell Mel that you need to be kept on a shorter leash wondering around all hours of the night with a pregnant wife at home I thought you knew better." 

Marcus smirked at me and I saw a trace of a smile on Andrews lips but tried not to let my eyes linger on his full beautiful lips. Marcus came over and patted a thanks on my shoulder and nodded and Andrew before saying his goodbyes and heading out the back door. I walked behind him called my girls in for the night. Olive and walnut came bounding into the kitchen looking for some food and love. I had to drag walnut off the poor kid before she liked him to death. My girls were a blonde and brunet sheep-a-doodles that I had adopted almost two years ago. One of my therapists had suggest getting a dog to help with the adjustment stateside. He said animals had a since of when people needed them, and they could help to keep me ground when I needed it. 

"Man, those are some big dogs" Andrew exclaimed "but they sure are friendly, how long have you had them?" he asked, I assumed he was trying to make conversation and lighten the mood. 

"This is olive" I said pointing to the brunet that was sitting at my side looking over the newcomer before passing judgment "and this is walnut" I said hold the blonde back from licking him from head to toe. "She loves anyone that will give her attention, but she calms down after a while, once she gets used to you, I promise" I said looking lovingly my gilrs. "I met them on a call and refused to leave until they were mine."

I remember when I saw them in their pen I just knew I couldn't separate these sisters that had been through so much with the breeder that had them. I met them on a call for an outbuilding that was on fire. The bastard had tried to light his kennel on fire to reduce inventory as he had too many pups. Luckily, he had done a poor job and we only lost about 10 dogs out of the 120 he had on his place. He had so many animals and they were all in too small pens, poor living conditions fur matted and some of them looked emancipated from being underfed. My girls were almost 6 months old he could find a family to take them, so he had left them to die. They were both so skinny and olive was standing over walnut protecting her in that too small cage they were in, I fell in love in that moment. They got the best vet care I could find, and I nursed them back to health slowly gaining their trust and helping them adjust to their new forever home with me. 

I glanced at the other guy standing in his kitchen getting a good look at all his injuries for the first time. He had a cut on his eyebrow he could pry use some stiches if not he had some butterfly bandages he could use. His jaw and bottom lip were bruised and swollen, he the way he was holding his stomach so I'm sure more injuries under his shirt. 

"You should get look at by a doctor you might need stiches, and I'm worried if you hit your head about a concussion." I said looking at him trying to keep any emotions off my face. I didn't want to scare the kid off already. 

Andrew POV

Why couldn't everyone just leave me alone, I was tired and sore I didn't need to be looked after like some baby. I was a man that could take care of myself, but it felt like everyone just kept coming to his rescue tonight. 

"I fine Marcus made me go to the clinic and get looked over, minor concussion and no internal bleeding." he was going to mention that his balls will also be ok after the beating they took. That was to much information to share with a stranger that was letting you crash on his couch for the moment. 

I was exhausted and just wanted to get on some clean clothes and sleep until the pain would go away. I didn't want to think about what had happened to me today it was just too much to process in that moment he would save it until morning when he could look at things fresh. 

"I don't mean to be rude but, I'm tired and would just like to get some sleep" I said glancing up again at this man who I would be staying with. He was a little taller than me I, guessing 6 foot, and he was built like he did a lot of heavy lifting just for the fun of it. He had shaggy brown hair and some sharp eyes that seemed to catch everything, there would be no deceiving this one. His eyes were more of a dark brown, and with and air of military about him I would guess he severed some time. He nodded at my last comment and wave form me to follow him to the stairs pointing to the dinning room and living area they didn't look like much, big rooms but needed some love to make them livable and almost no furniture in sight. We walked up the stairs and passed several doors until the last one on the right that he opened.

"This is my room, but I figured you might want a shower and clean clothes before getting some rest." He said over his shoulder as he made his way into a large room with two dressers, a closet off to the side, and a large king size bed in the middle. He started to walk through the door at the back and I followed him into a very nice-looking bathroom this didn't match the rest of the house.

"Wow" slipped out before I could stop it, in the back next to a large window was the biggest claw foot tub I've ever seen it could fit two people comfortably. There was a long counter with sink and large beveled mirror over the top. There were some beautiful cabinets along the wall that he was currently opening and pulling out a towel and something else. I wondered if he was going to make me take a bath and I didn't hate the idea for soaking my sore body, but I like to rinse off after not just sit in my filth. That's when I noticed a large walk-in shower that was tucked on my other side behind the doorway I was standing in. I stepped into the room and just marveled at all the craftsmanship and time that probably went into this room. I was a total computer geek fresh out of college, but I took some design courses in my studies and I could see what would help finish off this look he was going for. 

"Did you do all this" I said waving my hand around the room, "This room doesn't quite go with the rest of the house" I joked.

"Yeah, I've been working one room at a time, this is the first room I started but I've struggled to find the right colors to finish it so I just moved on. Mel has tried a few times to get me to paint it something bold like purple." He chuckled at that last comment but then went silent as he started to fix me a bath and poor something into the water.

I shrugged, I guess bath it is, not that I'm complaining to much I could pry soak in that tub all day! I just didn't know what to put on after I don't think my blood-soaked clothes were ideal but whatever. I started to take my shirt off but was struggling a bit as my midsection kept protesting the effort. I was caught with a seize of pain just as I tried to get my arms out. Suddenly Levi was next to me with gentle hands guiding my arms out with minimal effort. "Let me help you" he commented as I finally got free of my shirt. I saw his eye roam my body and I could just imagine what he was seeing. The bruise my dad left in my stomach and torso, the small cuts is ring had left across my body. I shuddered and tried to look away not wanting to see pity in his eyes. 

"I've seen worse I think you'll live but I put some Epsom salt with your bath water it helps with selling and your going to have a lot of that. I can find you some clean clothes but hey might be a little big on you but it's better than nothing." He said as he stated towards the door. "Towels on the counter and I'll put the fresh clothes on my bed for when you're done."

"Thanks" I murmured as he left, I was confused by him, he seems so gentle and nice but came across as someone that was all gruff and manly. I focused on getting rid of the rest of my clothes avoiding looking in the mirror I made my way to the tub. I sank into the warm water and could smell a hint of cinnamon as I lowered myself into the water. The heat did wonders on my skin and I could almost feel the day melting away of just for a moment. I sat there soaking for about 10 mins when I head a knock at the door.

"Come in" I called, making sure I was covered and not exposing myself to this stranger.

"I was going to grab your clothes and start them in the wash, so you have something clean to wear if needed." He said stepping into the room he had lost his shirt and had only lose pajama pants on. I had a hard time tearing my eyes from him as he walked into the room. He put some clothes on the counter for me and grab my dirty things, his eyes only glancing my way once or twice. 

"Thanks for everything, this bath is amazing and I'm sorry to intrude on you in your home like this." I said ducking my head shyly, this time he eyes found me and held me for a moment, I could feel my breath catching as I gazed into his brown eyes, while I sat naked in his tub.

"Don't mention it, I'll make you earn your keep as soon as you feel up to it" my mind exploded with all the naughty things I could do for him and to him if he would let me. "There a lot to do around this old house and I could always use a hand." He finished putting an end to all the thoughts going thought my mind. With that note he stepped out of the bathroom holding my clothes and shut the door. I soaked until the water was cold and then I drained the water and stepped into the shower to rinse off and wash my hair, I was careful on my head where it hurt from the beating I took and dried off with equal amount of care when I stepped out. I found an old school tee-shirt and shorts with a drawstring that I put on. They were a little big on my frame, but it felt good with as sore as I was. I open the door to find walnut waiting for me, I gave her a quick pat as Levi got off the bed. 

"I'll take you to your room, this is the only working toilet in the house if you need to use it just come in, knocking will only get the dogs riled up." He said leading me across the hall into a little smaller room with a full-size bed tucked into the corner and a dresser on the one wall. I set my phone on it which I'd had turned off since I left my parents' house. 

"Thanks, I'll try not to be in your way too much and I'm sure I'll be out of your hair soon." I don't know why but a weird look came across his face when I said this quickly replaced by a blank look as he nodded.

"No rush, I have the room" he said as he left, olive pushed her way in and laid on the floor next to my bed. He just looked at her for a moment, shrugged and left the room. I patted the dog on the head and claimed into the bed trying to get comfortable. 

The next morning, I woke up close to noon, and headed down the stairs to find an empty house. There is a note on the counter saying Levi had gone into town to get a few things and I was to help myself to anything one in the fridge if I was hungry. My stomach chose then the start to grumble so I decided to look around for something to eat. I didn't find much for food, I settled on a can of olives and some cheese he had in the fridge, this man needed to get some groceries in this house. It was a few hours later I heard a truck and I got all tense as the dogs started barking, realizing that I was defenseless if my dad found me I started to panic and looked for something to use as a weapon if needed. I had just picked up a hammer when the back door opened.