 Tar watched the fire breathing twink leave. He momentarily regretted his choice, and had to envision the teeth and talons that accompanied the beautiful face. 

"He is gorgeous, isn't he?"

Tar was reminded of the other reason he had chosen to not accept the beautiful creature's friendship. He looked down at Riley. He couldn't believe someone could actually be that short compared to even he. He had an interesting look. One could easily mistake him for a girl if he applied a little make up. 

"Yeah, I guess he is good looking." Tar looked at the door again, the memory of his new enemy's sultry body making a dramatic exit was still imprinted upon his memory. 

Riley laughed. "Don't let him hear you saying it like that. He might cut your tongue off. That is Joel. His stage name is Joe Leen," Riley watched as confusion made Tar bite his lip. "Like the country song?" He asked waiting for recognition. "Dolly Parton?" 

"I've heard of her..." Tar clearly didn't understand the reference. 

"Jolene Jolene Jolene Joleeeeene I'm beggin' of you please don't take my man. Jolene Jolene Joleeeene JoooLeeeeene please don't take him just because you can ahhan." Riley sang in a falsetto voice that sounded as feminine as he looked. "Nothing?"

"I'm from Jersey. Dolly isn't exactly popular up there. I mean at least not with people my age," Tar hoped that was true. He honestly didn't get out much until recently and, as a result, he wasn't as steeped in popular culture like his peers were. This was starting to make him uncomfortable. "You have cum in your hair. Do you need help getting it out?"

"I planned to jack off in the shower, actually. I hate how cum gets that weird texture but damn if I don't, I'm gonna have blue balls from hell."

"I could help you with that, too, if you wanted." 

Riley eyed the new model with curiosity. No one had ever actually offered that before. Not to mention he assumed that Tar was likely a bottom. 

"Didn't you just get done filming?" he finally managed to articulate. 

If Tar had just finished filming then he couldn't be too keyed up. Riley knew how the food chain worked and Hayden Tar would be at the top. There was no way a scene would finish without the new pretty boy getting off. The cameras loved guys like him too much. He wasn't a page ten like Riley was. There wouldn't be some gay for pay muscle using him and then walking away thinking he had just done his co-star a favor. 

People that watched those types of guys almost never actually noticed the bottom. It was just arousing to see some jock that reminded the viewer of the strait popular guy they never had doing things to them. Sure there were a few who watched the bottom instead of the muscle of the week, but it wasn't the majority. 

Tar nodded. "I did but I can always go again. Or I can just help a friend out. You saved me from actually taking that guy up on his offer of friendship." Tar nodded toward the door that Joel had just left. 

"Yeah, that would have been the friendship from hell. He isn't nice to anyone unless he has something to gain from it. I was a model before he came here and he is the same person now that he was back then."

Tar pulled Riley into a tight hug, enjoying the feeling of the smaller male wiggling against his chest. "See, so I owe you." Tar kissed Riley's ear, ignoring the drying cum that Brian had left behind. 

Riley couldn't help the involuntary shiver that ran through his body. Tar's hands were gentle and quiet, and something about them was instantly loveable. The new twink's hands roamed over his lithe body like one might drive on auto pilot down an all too familiar road. 

He didn't realize the hands were doing more than just relaxing him, they were cleaning his body from the other model's selfishly taken orgasm. Riley felt his heart skip. He had never been touched like this before and he knew he could get used to this. He felt Tar's cock against his back and was surprised that his shower partner was more concerned with his body than getting off. He considered turning to pleasure Tar but couldn't bring himself to break the electric current that was pulsing through Tar's fingers into his body. His body tensed and he inhaled sharply as Tar touched his cock. One set of talented fingers stroked while the other massaged his balls. His legs felt weak and he was surprised that someone was able to make him feel this good. He could only imagine what it would feel like to be beneath Tar with those full lips on his own, that pierced tongue tangling with his own. 

"Fuck me?" Riley panted wanting Tar to take his pleasure, too. 

"No pretty, this is just for you." Riley's body jerked as he came all over Tar's hand. Tar's words were still in his ear. 

~*~*~*~

Parker's hands traveled down his lover's back, feeling the shower water that was collecting on his flesh as it dripped from Antonio's dark hair. He felt the sinful flesh prickle with goose bumps and his lips on Antonio's neck felt the quickened pulse. He knew just how to tease Antonio to elicit a needy whimper. He wanted that sound, needed it. 

Parker's hands cupped Antonio's ass as the damp towel started to slip. He could feel his slender lover pressing against him, Antonio's own needy hands wandering over his body. 

"Parker?" 

Parker smiled against Antonio's neck, kissing up to his ear. It was the needy whimper he had been wanting to hear all day. "Yes baby?"

"Love me?"

"Always." Parker guided Antonio over to their bed, leaving a trail of his clothing and Antonio's towel in their footsteps. This felt right. This was home. 

The sheets had been freshly washed and the bed freshly made. They both loved the smell of freshly cleaned sheets. Parker's nose instead went to his lover's freshly washed hair, and his teeth grazed the outer shell of Antonio's ear, rewarding him with a pleasure filled gasp. 

Antonio's legs entangled with his own as Parker's hand moved between their bodies, stroking their cocks together and giving them both pleasure. Antonio called his name in breathy whispers over and over again as they pressed against each other. 

Parker could only moan his lover's name in return. No matter what his job would require him to do, he knew that coming home to Antonio would always feel like he was coming home. His fingers trailed down to his lover's entrance, running up and down the crevice of his lover's body. 

"I need you inside me," Antonio whispered as though this was still some secret taboo desire. He wet his own fingers to open his body for Parker. The anticipation of feeling full of his lover once again was causing him to shiver. His teeth nibbled on Parker's collarbone as he inhaled sharply. 

A third finger had been added and it wasn't his. The sensation of their fingers together, inside of him cause a droplet of cum to bead on his slit. He dug his heels into the bed arching his back and pulling their fingers deeper into his body, groaning as they grazed his prostate. 

"Parker, please, I can't take it anymore." 

Parker had been grinding against Antonio's thigh and had been fighting off his own orgasm. Their fingers slipped out of his lover's tight passage and Parker pushed his cock in. His hips dipped as he was flush against his lover's body. They were panting after only a few thrusts. 

It had been a long time since Parker had felt like he was able to provide for his lover and his confidence had returned. His hands traveled back up Antonio's body tangling in his hair and tugging, pumping into him in time with the tugging.

He could feel his lover's nails dig into his back and knew that meant Antonio's toes were curling with pleasure. He felt the hot trails left on his skin in their wake and knew they were both close. He captured his lover's breath and their lips pressed against each other. His tongue tasted his lover as their tongues tangled and their bodies shook.

Parker's body bucked harder into Antonio as he filled him. He felt his lover's cum paint their chests and they both shuddered from the aftershock. Parker rolled them and pulled Antonio against his chest, resting his chin on the top of his lover's head. 

"I love you." 

Parker smiled. "I love you more."

~*~*~*~

BAM! The sound always made Joel jump, even though he knew it was coming. He had just tossed a thawed rat in with his boa. He watched her coil around the already dead prey and walked away to let her eat in peace. 

It was time to figure out what he was going to eat. Joel opened his refrigerator and then the freezer. Cooking for one always felt like more trouble than it was worth. Maybe he would order Chinese or pizza. 

There was a loud rapping sound on his apartment door. "The fuck?" he growled to the empty apartment. Joel had to stand on his toes to look out of the peep hole, and his stomach dropped. Did he have to answer the door?

"Come on, Joel, I saw your mustang in the garage." Steven Wells hammered his fist against the door again. He was used to getting his way, and he was about to get it again. 

Joel unlatched the gold chain, unlocked the deadbolt and twisted the little lock on the knob. He barely had time to step out of the way as his boss stepped into the apartment. "I was just feeding Clementine." 

Steven looked at the large glass aquarium that dominated one of Joel's living room walls. He knew his favorite twink star had spent a small fortune on the large enclosure, and all the humidity and temperature regulators as well as a set up in case of power failure. "That is disgusting, I don't see why you just don't sell it."

Joel's eyes narrowed, he couldn't say what he wanted and that was perhaps the most maddening part of this arrangement. Steven owned him, just like his parents had owned him. Hell, if the money hadn't been so good Joel would much rather have gone back to stripping. He rolled his MCR shirt over his head and moved to undo the button on his skinny jeans. 

"What, no foreplay? Did you miss me that much, my little super star?" Steven forced Joel against the wall. He knew Joel liked it rough. 

"I can't. I have to go and buy some things for the apartment and I want to work on a charcoal piece and-"

"Yeah, yeah, you know one of these day's when you retire I'll be able to take you on a proper date." Steven nudged Joel's head to the side and kissed his neck, grinding him against the wall. He had a rule about no one dating one of the models or fucking them on the side. If word got out, he was afraid he would have less of a selection of models. So he kept his time with Joel secret and tried to not show him favoritism, though he made it clear Joel's job depended on keeping the boss happy. 

It was always like this. Every time Steven came over to fuck, Joel hated him just a little bit more. He felt Steven's long slender dick slide into him. Somewhere in the stripping and Steven's dull attempt at foreplay, there had been lube applied to his hole. The greasy dick went in over and over again. 

He was flaccid but Steven never cared. Hell, he never did anything to change that or asked if it wasn't good for Joel. No one cared for the pleasure of the bottom and Joel found himself getting less and less pleasure each time he had to bottom for an uncaring top and moan and moan for the camera. That was why he liked Dayton, Rosco and Theo. They cared for his pleasure and wanted him to get off so that it would look good on film. 

Most others didn't care and pleasure for the bottom was less and less cared about in the industry. As long as the bottom served the top, and looked good, the viewer would get off. Nobody matters in porn. It just has to look good. 

Joel's head rolled to the side like a useless doll. His green eyes traveled over to his sunglow boa's enclosure as he watched her pull the hindquarters of the rat into her unhinged jaws, swallowing her prey whole.

~*~*~*~

Brian groaned as he took off his shoes. He hadn't been on his feet long. He didn't have a long stressful day at the office but a lot of the stress had been lifted. Mindy had plugged in some Bath and Bodyworks wallflower thing and it smelled fantastic. 

The apartment was small and the people upstairs seemed to adore marching at 1 in the morning, but this felt like home. This tiny little apartment would one day be a fond memory when they were both famous. Hell, they were both already on their way. Fame would come quickly now. It had to. Famous people were pretty and people were only pretty for so long before they got too old. 

Brian walked to the kitchen and pulled two Hungry Man entrées out of the freezer. The guy he had worked with today had been perfect. He was amazingly talented and looked enough like a girl so Brian could get it up and keep it up. He would just have to see if he could work with that guy again until he became comfortable doing the more gay stuff like touching his film partner back. 

He set a timer and went to sit on their second hand couch, the laptop warming his lap. What was that guy's real name? He wanted to see more of him, to see what the other guys did when they filmed with him. He wondered what he liked, what made a scene hotter. He knew he had been told the name, but the part that stuck with him was the sex and that he associated with the porn name.

Brain typed in the web address and scrolled through the pages. He had thought that his film partner would be one of the more popular actors and was surprised at how many pages he had to flip through in order to see Ollie in something else. Of course that wasn't his real name any more than Blain was Brain's real name. He would just have to ask around. Maybe he could take the guy out for coffee. 

He suddenly felt very guilty. He had done nothing to make the guy feel good too. He had just busted a nut and then walked out. If Ollie had been a chick, she would be saying he was a horrible person and a terrible fuck to all her friends. 

Mindy would have torn him a new asshole and then humiliated him in front of the guys. He knew that was the type of girl Mindy was. Of course, he wasn't being paid to make the other guy feel good. He wasn't a whore, after all. He was being paid to make sex look good and if the director had wanted something different he would have asked for that. 

The oven timer beeped and he hadn't realized he had been that wrapped up in watching the young twink perform with other guys. He pulled the hungry man entrées out poking at the mashed potatoes. Their spongy texture was instantly curing his monstrous appetite. 

He set them down on the coffee table, deciding he could likely stroke one out while the food cooled. He started thinking of Mindy and what she was likely doing with other guys. He thought about the new moves she might bring into the bedroom. His mind drifted then to a slender back as a full lipped twink looked over his shoulder calling him bitch and taunting him to go faster and harder. 

~*~*~*~

Tar turned the key in the lock on his new bachelor apartment. The landlord had called it a bachelor which was a nice way of saying you could cook dinner with a cookbook on the bed, that you read from the bath tub as you cooked on the stove. The landlord had been willing to let Tar pay with his body until money started coming in. Of course, Tar didn't mind one way or the other. He enjoyed sex too much to be upset that someone was willing to trade it for rent. 

The landlord was an older guy who couldn't get it up anymore and so mostly Tar ended up sucking on his limp dick and stroking his ego. He liked the idea that he had someone young at his beck and call more so than he seemed to enjoy the actual sex. The best part was that he always waited for Tar to offer instead of just coming up into Tar's space and demanding something. 

He closed the door and deadbolted it. Just because the landlord was a nice guy didn't mean this was a good neighborhood. Not to mention he was in porn, which seemed to attract a few crazies. He wasn't ashamed of his job. He was proud of it though he was baffled that someone was willing to pay him for something he had been doing for free for years. Of course now it was on his time, and his terms. If he wanted to work, he went to work. If he wanted to lay in bed, he laid in bed. It was the perfect job to wake up and go to, and the perfect home to come home to.

To Tar, this little hole in the wall was paradise. He flopped down on the musty twin bed with a McDonald's happy meal and a Walkman with a Dolly Parton single. Tar put the earbuds in his ears and fished around in the box. Growing up, he had never been allowed to get a happy meal unless he was really really good. Usually he had to pick something off the dollar menu. The cheap greasy food was familiar and the little Pokemon toy was a new rare treasure which he put on his chipping dresser and smiled. 

He was home, really home. For the first time in his life, he could lock the door and eat his happy meal. He could sleep until noon and stay up all night. He opened the window letting the fresh air as he listened to alley cats yowl. He hopped back onto his bed which creaked even under his small frame. 

Tar pulled an old walkman and his new Dolly Parton CD out of the bag on the floor. It had been difficult to find the right CD but he needed to hear the song that embodied Joel. He listened to the country singer and thought of the dragon-esque twink. He hadn't heard the song before but understood why it fit Joel. He was perfectly sexy and mean. Just the type of man to steal a man away from someone who loved him. Despite his choice of Riley, he couldn't help but to fantasize about what it would be like to have those green eyes looking at him instead of through him. He wanted to run his hands over that impossibly pale skin and imagined Joel twisting in pleasure. 

Then he remembered Riley and how the dragon had been so cruel. Not even a guy that good looking was worth suffering through the attitude. Tar wanted real friends now. Despite reminding himself of the fangs that accompanied Joel, Tar hit repeat on his new walkman anyway, and let the music sing him to sleep.

~*~*~*~

The smell of cheap burnt coffee seemed to spill out from under the big blue door. The house wasn't anything special, just a place to sleep. Riley turned his key in the lock and walked in on his two roommates in the middle of watching a movie. He flopped down on the oversized chair without much acknowledgement from the two blondes. He had answered an ad in the local paper where two lesbians had been seeking a clean quiet female roommate. Of course, Riley had only seen the price on the ad and not much else. He had showed up and was half the size of both girls and had a girlier wardrobe than both of them. Thankfully, it was clear Riley wasn't interested in them sexually and so the girls had made an exception and taken him on. 

"How was it today?" Taylor asked, still running her fingers up and down Katie's tanned thigh. 

Riley pulled a fluffy afghan over his body. "Incredible. I met the two hottest guys today. One of them was actually pretty nice." 

Katie shivered under Taylor's fingers. It was still strange to her that someone like Riley made a living as a porn star. He felt too much like her younger brother. She supposed some people might like that but even compared to his co-stars there was just something about her roomie that didn't make sense in the porn industry. Secretly, she hoped he would get out of it but she didn't have the heart to tell him. He was too sweet and too sensitive to take any type of criticism. 

"Two in one day?" Taylor smirked and knew that her lover hated Riley's job, but she enjoyed watching her skin prickle with goosebumps. In Taylor's mind, it was Riley's life and his body. He could do what he wanted with it. 

Riley took a deep breath and tried to not sigh like a love sick puppy. "Yeah, there is this new linebacker type and I think I'm the first guy he has ever been with. He is so perfect. Like if I could build my perfect guy, it would be him."
