 It was a rainy Saturday evening and Frank was bored. There was nothing to do around the house, his girlfriend had gone to Spain with her girlfriends for a week and none of his buddies could be roused to go out. There was also nothing on TV and he was too lazy to go out and rent a video. He was just debating if he should get dressed and go out alone or if he should just go to bed with a book when the doorbell rang. 

When Frank opened the door he saw his friend Mike on the porch, holding a DVD in his one hand and a six-pack of beer in the other. He grinned when he saw Frank: "Care for some smut?"

Frank laughed. "Just what I needed, I was about to bore myself to death all alone."

He let Mike in and they went to the living room, where the TV was. Mike popped the DVD into the player. 

"I brought something that fits our situation." 

"What do you mean?" Frank wanted to know. 

Mike blushed, albeit only slightly: "Well, with the chicks gone and us being all alone, I thought ... oh fuck it, see for yourself!"

With that he turned on the TV and flopped down in the middle of the couch. Frank popped open two beers and joined him.

When the opening titles appeared he understood what Mike had meant. The movie was called "No Latex Required" and the one thing notably absent from it -- besides condoms -- were women. Frank was not surprised. Although he was mostly heterosexual, he enjoyed occasional suck-and-fuck-sessions with Mike and another guy, Nick, who were also in relationships with girls. But, when the girls were gone, or when they were in the right mood they got together and had sex, raw and without emotions.

Frank's dick hardened as he watched a blonde guy kneeling in front of three others, sucking their dicks in turn. He knew that before long that guy was going to get his ass and face stuffed with manmeat and he knew that he wouldn't have to wait too long for that to happen to him either. In fact, why wait?

He put his hands on Mike's crotch and smiled at him: "Now I know what can keep this Saturday from becoming a total loss" He unbuckled Mike's belt and opened his fly, then he fished out Mike's stiffening member. When he peeled back the foreskin he saw that the head was already glistening with precum. He bowed down and took it in his mouth, savoring the salty taste. He liked the feeling of Mike swelling to full hardness in his mouth and he swirled his tongue around the cockhead before beginning a steady, rhythmic up-and-down-motion with his head. Soon, Mike was moaning and Frank let go of him to undress him completely and take off his own clothes, too.

When they were both naked Frank mounted Mike, who lay back on the couch, and they rubbed their cocks against each other, pulling back their foreskins, wanking, enjoying the feeling of their dicks getting wet with each other's precum. Frank was impatient, he didn't want to spend too much time with foreplay. Now that sex was on the agenda, he wanted to get fucked, hard. He got up and quickly ran into the bedroom to fetch the lube from his nightstand, then went back to the living room. 

Mike was slowly wanking his cock, keeping it hard: "So you wanna fuck right now? Are you that horny?" 

"Now that you're here I am," Frank replied, "And that movie ain't helpin' either." On the screen the blonde was getting his ass fucked by another guy and from the look of it this guy was getting sloppy seconds -- there was cum leaking out of the blonde's ass whenever the other man pulled out his dick. Blondie was also servicing another man with his mouth and as Mike and Frank were watching the guy in the blonde's mouth came and squirted an amazing amount of semen into the eager open mouth of the cocksucker.

Frank was already busily lubing up his asshole and now he moved closer to the couch to do the same thing with Mike. "Let me suck your dick while you smear that stuff on me," Mike urged him. Obligingly Frank got into a 69-position and had his dick sucked while he liberally coated Mike's penis with lubricant. 

The first few times they had fucked they had used condoms, but as soon as Frank had seen his first bareback video he had gotten hooked on getting fucked au naturel, so to say, and the feeling of an unsheathed cock gliding in and out his moist asshole was too good to go back to using rubbers again. He also loved having his ass squirted full of jizz and the feeling of it flowing from his asshole after a long hard fuck. When he had suggested doing it without a rubber Mike hadn't even hesitated and had pumped him full of his juice after fucking him hard and long, an incredible feeling and one that Frank had wanted to experience again and again.

So, again, as much as he liked having Mike suck his dick, Frank was impatient to feel Mike's thick boner inside of him. He coated his cock with lubricant, then he turned around and got into his favorite position, cowboy-style. For a moment he enjoyed the feeling of Mike's cockhead at his rear entrance, then he slowly slid down the length of his cock until he bottomed out. As always, pain was quickly replaced by pleasure when the tip of Mike's cock touched his prostate gland. 

He looked at Mike, who grinned up at him. "Come on boy, let's rock'n roll," he said with a grin and so Frank started to slide up and down on Mike's rock-hard cock, slowly at first, but picking up speed quickly. Every time he slid down, he felt the tip hit his magic spot and soon he was nearing his orgasm, but Mike had other plans. He pushed Frank off his cock and made him lie down on his stomach, then he reinserted his dick in Frank's ass and pounded into him. This position was better for the top, so this time it was Mike whose breath started going faster. Frank lay still and enjoyed the reaming he was getting. There was only one thing missing now to make this perfect, but Nick, their usual fuck-buddy was away on a business trip, so Frank had to make do without getting his face fucked.

Or so he had thought. Suddenly he felt another presence in the room and when he opened his eyes he saw a stiff cock dangling in front of his face. Lazily Frank reached out to grab the new cock, not really bothering to find out if it was Nick who was attached to it or not. He didn't really care, anyway, it was manmeat and that's what he wanted in every opening of his body. So he took the waiting cock, brought it to his lips and started to suck on it.

Meanwhile, Mike was getting closer to his orgasm. His strokes became deeper and deeper and soon he began to moan and Frank felt his dick pulsing in his ass. From the feeling of it Mike was shooting a gallon of cum into his asshole but he knew that now that Nick was here, that would only be the beginning. 

Mike pulled his cock from his ass and Frank concentrated on sucking Nick's dick harder, since he wanted to taste cum as well as have it in his ass. Suddenly he felt another hard dick at his anus. Surprised he stopped sucking and wanted to turn around to see who else Nick and Mike had brought or if it was just Mike using a dildo on him, but strong hands held him down and suddenly his hands were being tied on his back and someone slipped a blindfold over his eyes. 

He heard Mike whisper in his ear "Relax, buddy, you know how you are always talking about how you wanted to be fucked by a whole gang? Well, this is your lucky day!" At these words Frank's cock, which had gone soft during the fuck-session, started to harden again. Soon the new cock slid into his now moist asshole and the guy who he had blown stuck his dick back into his mouth. It didn't take too long and Frank had his mouth filled with the second load of the afternoon. 

Frank was in heaven, he had always wanted to get gang-banged, but neither he nor one of the others knew more horny guys who were into bisexuality, so it had remained a fantasy -- until now. As Nick told him later he had stumbled over an ad for a "bi-curious" club on the internet, which consisted of men like them, straight guys in steady relationships, who were into the occasional fuck and blow session with other men. 

The whole afternoon Frank was used by ten men, including Mike and Nick, who fucked him in every position imaginable. At times he had two squirting dicks in his mouth while another came in his sloppy asshole, at other times he was blowing three guys at once while his ass was eaten out by someone else. At the end of the day Frank was full of cum, inside and out. He had taken more loads into his asshole than he could count, had swallowed gobs of cum and had had guys coming on his face, his body, his hands, everywhere. Frank was exhausted, but very, very happy. And the "bi-curious" club had three more eager members.