 Avery looked at his phone again, no texts, no missed calls, nothing. It had been nearly two weeks since Brian had left for the tour. Avery knew that he was busy but Brian promised to call or text him as often as he could. Was this his way of blowing Avery off or was his schedule just to full to allow him even a few minutes to send a message? 

Avery flopped back on his bed and sighed. Maybe he was over thinking things. Brian Mueller was famous, rich, and a total sex God. He had both men and women throwing themselves at him constantly. He was probably mobbed whenever he went out in public so how could Avery honestly expect that he would make time in his busy life for some little no body that he met singing covers in a night club. But, then again, he did promise to call. 

"That's it, enough Moping around!" Avery pushed himself up and sat on the edge of the bed. He glanced at his phone again then tossed it carelessly to the side. 

Avery walked across the room to the window, opened the blinds, and looked out into the empty street. It was one am on a Friday night and he was stuck at home waiting by the phone. His life never used to be this boring, or pathetic, not when he and Mikey were still together, but so much had changed in the past couple of weeks. Trash was the same, going home with a different girl every night, drinking and living as if he didn't have a care in the world, but Rick had seemed a little off the last few days. Things weren't great between he and Tonya. He didn't really say much about it but Avery could tell that he was upset. Rick really liked her, maybe even loved her, but it was obvious that Tonya didn't feel the same way. She was more in love with the idea of dating a big time rock star but the band wasn't rising to fame as quickly as she would have liked, and now that Mikey was gone, real success seemed even further out of reach. Without his connections, Avery didn't know what they were going to do. The glamour and novelty had worn off where Tonya was concerned and she was looking for bigger and brighter stars to follow around. Rick was the exact opposite though. Fame and money didn't really matter a lot to him. He was looking for something more solid, something permanent. Avery didn't think it would be long till Rick was ready to settle down, maybe even quit the band when he found the right girl. Unfortunately, the type of girls that their band usually brought in weren't exactly the marrying type. 

"It's a shame," Avery thought out loud. "Rick is so kind, sensitive, and caring. He'd make some girl really happy if she'd just give him half the chance."

He leaned his head against the window and wrapped his arms around his chest as he frowned. "I'd make Brian happy..." He said softly. "I know we'd be really happy together."

Rick was standing against the wall next to the ping pong table nursing a beer when Mikey walked in. The vibe in the room instantly became tense and uneasy. 

"Yo, Mikey..." Trash forced a halfhearted smile. "Dude, what are you doing here?"

"Angie invited me." Mikey told him. "What, now I'm not allowed to hang out with my friends?"

Trash shrugged, "It ain't that, it's just...don't you think it's a little soon?"

Mikey looked around the room, "Is Avery here?" He asked. 

"Well, no..."

"Then what's the problem?"

"I guess..."

"The problem is that you're not wanted here." Both Mikey and trashed turned to see Rick standing beside them. He was glaring at Mikey, his expression dark and dangerous. "You've fucked things up pretty good for us Mike, you hurt Avery, and you've jeopardized the band. So, what on God's green earth made you think you'd be welcome here?"

Mikey narrowed his eyes. "Just because I left you losers don't mean I'm going to dump my other friends. If you have a problem with me being at the same social functions as you guys then maybe you should consider moving on."

Rick grinned as he shook his head. "You think I'm going to let you push me around and control me the same way you try to control everyone else, Mike? You use people and you toss them aside. Sooner or later everyone else is going to see through you too, and when that happens, you are going to be sad and alone."

"Spare me your lectures man, you think with me gone you're little band is going to survive? Hell no, I built that group up myself, any success we had was because of me and people I know. Without me you'll be lucky to score a gig playing for a little girls sweet sixteen party."

"Alright guys come on, enough." 

"Angie..." Mikey said as the girl walked over to them. "Angie babe, I'm sorry." He kissed her on the cheek and smiled. "Rick's just got a case of PMS, it's all good though."

Angie smiled. "Good, now you boys kiss and make up. This is a party, no sad faces."

"I need some air..." Rick pushed past them and headed for the balcony, grabbing a fresh beer on his way.

"Someone needs to get laid." Mikey laughed. He put his arm around Angie's shoulders and the two disappeared into the crowd. 

***

Rick leaned over the rail and stared at the nicely manicured yard below him. Angie lived in a pretty decent neighborhood, better than anything he was used to. His parents had a nice house in a quaint suburban neighborhood, but they weren't rich. That's why they pushed him so hard in developing his musical talents. They wanted something better for him than what they could provide and they knew that his ability to make music was his one shot at being somebody important and successful. When they died though, that dream died with them. After being shuffled around between different foster families and group homes Rick got a job working at a loading dock and was able to move out and be on his own. He rented a trailer in a mobile home park for a few months but it was all he could do to keep up with the bills and still have food to eat. He dropped out of school to work full time and swore he'd never play music again. That was five years ago, though it seemed like a life time ago. He knew he'd never make it big, or be able to afford an apartment like Angie's, but he was happy with the way his life turned out, for the most part. He liked being in a band, his band mates were like his family, and it felt good to sit behind a piano again, lately though, he's felt like his heart just wasn't it anymore. He hated to think that maybe Mikey was right and the band wouldn't survive. If Desire disbanded, what would happen to him? What would happen to Avery? Would they still be friends? 

"Hey bud, you doing alright?" Rick turned around to see Trash standing behind him. 

"I'm fine..." 

"Yeah, you look it." Trash lit a smoke then walked over and leaned against the railing. Rick turned away, scowling, as he stared off at nothing in particular. "Are you still bummed about Tonya?" Trash asked. 

"She has nothing to do with it." Rick sneered. 

"Then what is it? Rick, man, talk to me; if something's eaten you..."

"It's nothing!" Rick glared at Trash suddenly. 

"If it were nothing you wouldn't be out here sulking like this and drinking yourself stupid! Man, this ain't like you; I'm worried."

"Don't be. Like I said, it's nothing." Rick ran a hand through his hair and sighed. The music from inside was pounding in his head, he felt dizzy, and...pissed. "Mike has a lot of nerve showing up here after what he did. And Angie, man, I thought she was our friend. Why the hell would she invite that asshole anyway?"

"Ah, yeah, now it makes sense." Trash took a long drag off his smoke and exhaled as he watched Rick sulk. 

"What's that supposed to mean?" Rick sneered. 

"Man, you just gotta let it go. Avery's a big boy; he can take care of himself. I know he's like a little brother to you, hell he is to me too, but it's not worth getting yourself this worked up over. You know Mikey runs with the same circle of friends that we do, you can't avoid him forever."

Rick shook his head. "It's not that simple."

"Then I'll simplify it for you bro, Mikey is Avery's problem, let him handle it. What's it to you anyhow?"

"Just leave it alone trash..." Rick pushed himself away from the rail then turned and headed for the door. "It isn't any of your business anyway."

Trash shook his head as Rick stormed off. "It ain't yours either." He muttered to himself. 

Rick couldn't stand it anymore. For the past twenty minutes Mikey had been dancing cheek to cheek with Angie, rubbing up against her, and she was so into him it was just disgusting. Rick tried to keep his cool but the more he drank the less in control he felt. Every time he looked at Mikey all he could think of was the look of pain and fear on Avery's face that day. He'd held Avery and comforted him until Avery had finally cried himself to sleep. Rick picked Avery up, carrying him like a child to his room, and then he'd put him to bed. He sat on the end of the bed for a long time just watching Avery sleep. He seemed so small then, so frail and helpless. Rick worried how Avery would handle the trauma of what had happened to him. He talked a big game and liked to act like he was a bad ass but Avery was far from it. There was an innocence to him to that made him vulnerable. He wasn't weak, in fact he was one of the strongest men that Rick knew, but he was naïve in so many ways, especially when it came to men. Avery always managed to put himself in situations where he got hurt, and Mikey took advantage of that fact; that's what pissed Rick off the most. And now, there Mikey was, dancing, drinking, and having a great time. He probably even figured he'd score with Angie by the end of the night. Rick made a tight fist as he thought about it. It was time someone put Mikey in his place. 

Rick pushed himself up from the couch too fast and the room started to spin. "Fuck!" He reached out and put a hand against the wall to steady himself. The music was pounding louder now, each and every beat slammed against his head like a sledge hammer. His legs were so heavy that each step felt like he was walking through deep mud. It took him a moment to compose himself and then he walked, stumbling across the room, to where Mikey was dancing with Angie. 

Trash looked up just in time to see Rick pushing his way through the crowd angrily, fist clenched, glaring at Mikey. He shoved the other man into the wall to the horror of his dance partner and cursed him loudly. "Just who the hell do you think you are?" Rick shouted! "You think you can just waltz in here, act like nothing's happened, like you don't even care, and everyone will be just fine with it? If Angie knew who you really were she wouldn't even give you a second thought!"

Angie took a step back, worried. "Come on guys; don't do this, not here. This is my house!"

"Sorry Ang, but Mikey's had it coming and I just can't keep quiet anymore."

"Don't worry babe," Mikey winked at Angie and smirked. "He ain't gonna do shit."

"No?" Rick gnashed his teeth together, "Dude I should have knocked your ass down a few pegs a long time again."

Trash rolled his eyes, "This ain't good." Reluctantly, he stood up and meandered through the room to his friend. "Hey bud let's take it down a notch." He put his hand on Rick's shoulder but Rick shook him off. 

"Let him talk." Mikey grinned. "The only person he's hurting is himself."

"He's drunk." Trash stated, "He don't know what he's saying."

"Stay out of it Trash," Rick glared. "This is between me and Mike."

"Oh bring it on bro," Mikey antagonized. "I'd say your due for a good ass kickin'."

Rick narrowed his eyes, "You're pretty cocky tonight. You really think you can take me?"

Mikey laughed. "Dude, you don't have the balls to take me on, you never did. In fact, you've never had the balls to stand up to anyone in your life. Man, you bend over and take it up the ass more than Avery ever has, and trust me; he's taken it up the ass a lot."

"Oh hell..." Trash stared at Mikey in disbelief. 'Did he honestly just go there?' He thought. Even Angie gasped, and the smirk faded from Mikey's lips when he suddenly saw the look on Rick's face change from horror to intense rage. 

"You son of a bitch!" Rick howled, his blood shot eyes wide and accusing. Rick was seeing red. Never in his life had been as pissed as he was in that instant. Any feelings of fondness he once had for Mikey had just abruptly flown out the proverbial window. 

Without warning, Rick swung at Mikey, catching him right beneath the chin. Mikey stumbled backwards, crashed into an end table, and went down hard. Trash grabbed Rick and held him back. "That's enough!" He yelled. 

Angie screamed then started crying as she glared at the three men. "Get out!" She wailed, "All of you just get out!"

"You're a dead man." Mikey hissed as he pushed himself up from the floor. "You're a fucking dead man Rick!"

"Tough talk for someone laying on the floor bleeding!" Rick retorted. 

"I'll call the cops!" Angie threatened. "I'm serious; I don't want this shit happening in my house!"

Trash put his hand up to calm her, "We're leaving okay, we're going." He grabbed Rick by the arm and started pulling him towards the door. 

"I don't need your help!" Rick shouted as he pulled himself away from Trash. He turned to Mikey and growled, "This is far from over Mike, the next time I see you... I'm going to kill you!"

"Let's go Rick." Trash ushered him away from Mikey and Angie. "Our welcomes been worn out here."

***

"Dude, I'm really sorry to be dumping him on you like this. It's just, I got two really hot chicks in the car, and he really ain't in any condition to be left at home alone. Honestly, I had no idea where else to take him." Trash gave Rick a little shove through the door and into Avery's arms. 

Avery blinked, "Umm...it's okay I guess. What happened to him?"

Trash shook his head, "Man, It's a long ass story. I'll tell you about it later but right now I gotta go; can't keep my ladies waiting." He winked at Avery then turned and rushed back down the stairs and out of sight. 

"Oh...Okay..." Avery shoved Rick up against the wall to steady him while he shut and locked the door. He scratched the back of his neck as he looked Rick over, wondering what he was supposed to do with him now. "Rick?" Avery poked him in the shoulder. "Umm...Rick, are you alright?"

"I'm peachy." Rick groaned; He ran his fingers through his hair, and then stumbled across the room to the couch. 

"So...what happened tonight?" Avery sat down on the couch next to him, concerned. 

"It was nothing, don't worry about it." Rick groaned again. 

"Well...I am worried Rick, I'm worried about you. This isn't like you, something must have happened for you to get this wasted."

"I told you it was nothing." Rick narrowed his eyes and stared at Avery. On the car ride over he and Trash had barely spoken, it gave Rick some time to cool down. When he looked at Avery now though, he felt a sudden rush of anger. "Why are you worried about me?" He shouted. "Why do you even care?"

Avery looked stunned. "Why? Because you're my friend, why else?"

"Well...maybe I don't need you as a friend!" Rick stood up and glared at him. "And I certainly don't need you to worry about me!"

Avery looked away and sighed. "You're drunk Rick, why don't you go sleep it off. You can use the spare room, or sleep out on here on the couch, I really could care less." Avery stood up slowly and headed for the hall way, unsure what else to do or say at this point. He figured that once Rick sobered up he'd feel better, and hopefully would want to talk. Avery wasn't going to push him though. For now, he thought it would be best to give him some space. 

"Yeah, that's right..." Rick muttered. "Why should you care? You've got Brian Mueller to worry about now, right?"

Avery stopped and looked at Rick again. He narrowed his eyes. "Actually, I haven't heard from Brian since he went on tour. But even if he and I are together, it doesn't mean I'm just going to forget about my other friends."

Rick laughed with contempt. "Together? Are you that naïve Avery? Do you honestly think you're anything more to Brian Mueller than a one night stand? Face it Ave, you're never going to hear from him again."

"That's not true!" Avery clenched his fists as he glared at Rick. "He said he was going to call and he will! He's just...he's so busy with the tour and everything, he probably can't get a free minute right now."

Rick shook his head and snorted, "Man, you're a bigger fool than I thought. Wake up Avery. Brian used you, just like everyone uses you, just like Mikey used you. Brian came here looking for a cheap screw and that's exactly what he got. He ain't gonna call, and you ain't a couple. Hell, he probably doesn't even remember what your name is!"

"Shut up Rick, just shut up! You don't know anything, Brian loves me; He said so!" Avery started to shake. He was seriously pissed but also hurt. Never, in all the time that Avery had known him had Rick ever spoken to him so coldly. 

"He doesn't love you..." Rick growled. "People like him don't love anyone but their selves and you're just gullible enough to fall for his line. It's the same story over and over again, you're so eager to fall in love but you can't...oh never mind. It's not even worth it."

"It's not worth it or I'm not worth it?" Avery was on the verge of tears as he stared Rick down. "You know I can take a lot of crap from a lot of people but you were the one person I never thought would treat me this way Rick. Drunk or not you're being a complete asshole! I know your upset about Tonya, you're in love with her, and I get it, but don't take your shit out on me!"

Rick opened his mouth but no words would come out. He was completely stunned. It was as if he'd suddenly been punched in the stomach. He took Avery by the shoulders and pushed him up against the wall, glaring at him coldly. "You don't get anything!" He blurted out. "I'm not in love with Tonya, you idiot! I'm just..." Before he could utter another word, Rick quickly turned his head to the side and covered his mouth with his hand. "Oh God..." He groaned as a wave of nausea came over him, starting in the pit of his stomach then rushing up into his throat. He gagged and winced as he tried to hold it back, but it came, unrelenting, like a massive torrent of regurgitated alcohol, hamburgers, and all other unknown remnants of his previous meals. 

"Oh gross!" Avery shrieked. He tried to push Rick away before getting any of it on him but it was too late. Rick had managed to soak Avery's left pant leg and the tip of his shoe, as well as himself, in vomit. 

"Fuck I'm sorry." Rick looked up, instantly feeling ashamed when he saw the look of horror on Avery's face. "I really didn't mean to..."

"It's fine!" Avery snapped. "You're not the first guy to barf on me. Let's just...let's just get you cleaned up." He sighed, annoyed with the entire situation, then dragged Rick into the bathroom and pushed him down on the toilet seat. "You really are a pain in the ass." Avery grumbled. He kicked off his shoes then pulled off his pants. "I might as well burn these now."

"I'll buy you a new pair." Rick sighed. 

"You better!" Avery growled, "This was my favorite pair by the way."

Rick leaned over and put his head in his hands. "I already feel like shit, you don't need to rub it in Ave." 

"Yeah, whatever..." Avery tossed his soiled pants into a small trash can under the sink then turned on the shower. He looked at Rick and rolled his eyes. "You think you can get undressed on your own, or do you need help?"

Rick raised an eye brow as he looked at Avery suspiciously. "Umm..."

Avery frowned, "Oh get over yourself! I just want to get you in the shower."

Rick smirked. 

"Oh for fucks sake, not like that!" Avery put his hand to his temple and shook his head. "Just get in the shower. Towels are behind you on the shelf." Avery left, closing the door behind him, then walked down the hall to his bed room. 
