 (Jason)

It was a shove, but not a hard one, up against the wall. Gentle yet commanding, he was trying not to hurt me even though he was a bit caught up in the moment. It melted my heart. He put his hands on either side of my face and looked into my eyes. That look almost made me cry. 

"Jason…I love you…I love you." he whispered against my mouth. Then he closed the minimal distance between us and pressed his lips to mine, his thumbs stroking my cheekbones and sending shivers through me. I felt his tongue gently swipe at my lower lip. What to do now? 

"Andrew…I love you too." I said, and opened my mouth to his. It was like lightning through my heart. That ache of pure passion mixed with pure love that fills you up and you can't seem to hold it in. I let it spill out in a flood of movements. I had been utterly passive before, but now I plunged one hand into his long chestnut hair and rested the other at the small of his back. I pressed up against him, trying to get closer than we already were, which was difficult, but well worth the effort.

All the while he was kissing me still. He bit my lower lip and my head fell back, allowing him to kiss and nip his way down my jaw line. I though I would die from the pleasure of it, but above all that was the knowledge that this was Andrew, my best friend, whom I had loved without realizing it for all these years. This incredible person who would never seek to hurt me and who would always be there to talk to me no matter what happened. 

He did something absolutely amazing with his tongue and teeth to my neck, just above the shoulder. Where did he learn to do this? I didn't care. I just wanted more. He bit me again, this time a little harder, but not hard enough to hurt, just send a wonderful sensation from my neck to my groin. This was better than kissing girls had ever been. The pure pleasure of it and the fact that he loved me…well…

He loved me. That thought alone almost sent me over the edge. I stroked his lower back, finding the light muscles there extremely wonderful and wanting nothing but to touch more of him. I had my hands on his hips, pressing us closer together. That made him mumble against my lips. 

"Hmm?" I asked between kisses. 

"Why didn't I do this sooner?" he replied, pausing in his ministrations.

"You were afraid, same as I was. And what if I had told you to stop? There were a lot of doubts running through your mind, I'm certain. You were brave to even try." I said.

"I'm glad I did it. Do you even know how long I've wanted this? It's amazing…I would have given anything in the world for that one kiss." He whispered, starting to nuzzle my neck again.

"I'm glad you did too. I would never have had the guts. And we don't have to stop with one kiss either." I gasped. A wicked smile took over Andrew's face and I knew a little of what he was thinking. 



*~*~*~*~*

I had a shirtless man on my bed and no idea what to do with him. Well, I had ideas, but I didn't know where to start. I didn't know that much about sex with guys for the obvious reasons. So I looked at him. For a full minuet, just took in the beauty that was my best friend. He was 5'11", 18 years old and lightly toned. Not muscle bound or wiry, but a perfect mixture of the two. He looked at me through a wavy curtain of deep chestnut hair that had a habit of in his eyes. And I saw something as my eyes made their way down to his jeans that hadn't been there when soccer practice had ended last month. His navel was pierced. Oh God. Just a tiny glint of silver…but what it made me want to do to him. 

"You like what you see?" he said, smirking with those full lips of his. They were slightly flushed from kissing. He was being purposely seductive. The bastard. But a very hot bastard, I must admit.

"Yeah, I like it, but I can't see enough of it." I replied. I was staring pointedly at his hips, the erection that I could see quite well in the tight pants. Got to love the Gap, but I knew it had to hurt like hell if mine was anything to go by. 

"I can fix that if you help me." He said. 

"Damsel in distress, are we?" I was trying to be witty…though most of the blood that would have helped my brain was south of the border long ago. He pulled me onto the bed by my belt loops and pulled my shirt off. He did what I had done not two moments ago. He just looked at me, as if every line of my body were to be memorized. It was touching, really. 

*****

(Andrew)

I was on Jason's bed. With Jason, and neither of our shirts. Lucky me. I saw the way he'd looked at me a few moments ago. I couldn't wait to return the favor. He had sandy hair that hung in his eyes in spiky bangs. His eyes were bright green and had a ring of black around the iris. He was rather tanned from summer jobs and such and his abdomen was toned, not a six-pack. Just muscled. Hmm…The things I would like to do to that gorgeous body. He didn't know he was attractive, but that just added to his appeal. 

"Not so much a damsel in distress as a boy in bed with his lovely best friend and nothing else to do on a Friday afternoon." I said nonchalantly. It was more difficult than I made it sound. This was the one thing I had wanted since I hit puberty. 

"Nothing else to do? What else would you rather be doing?" He asked rather coyly.

"You." I answered, not quite as coy as he was. No time for that. I wanted him…really badly. Yeah, the jeans needed to go. He laughed softly and kissed my throat. In the hallway, I had been the aggressor, but now he flipped me onto my back and started kissing his way down to my waist. Each little kiss sent a mini-jolt through my groin. This was the best sex I had ever had and I hadn't even had my pants off yet. Screw girls. Or rather, not, as the case may be. He Unzipped my jeans and pulled them off my hips, with a little wiggling on my part we had them off. Freedom. 

He looked at my crotch as if he didn't know what to do with it. I didn't blame him, I had never been with a guy either, it must have been a little shocking for him to have a naked man in his bed where he had only dealt with girls before. He unzipped his own jeans, and with a little help from me, we had them off in record time too. He was so beautiful. Like some Adonis kneeling over me. I rose up and embraced him, kissing his full lips and making him gasp when our erections touched. I pushed him back down onto the bed and pinned his hips with mine. This was simply too good to be true.

I kissed him like I'd never kissed anybody before. It was a battle of tongues, exploring each other's mouths and lips. He bit my lip hard enough to surprise me, but it felt so good, and we were rubbing against each other. It was amazing. The sensations from the friction were so wonderful, he was groaning against my lips.

"Please, oh God…so good. Don't stop. Please…kiss me more. Love you…love you." he moaned, barely coherent. The sight of him underneath me, cheeks flushed, lips red and full, eyes half-lidded and whispering like that. Things that I never imagined I'd hear him say. It was too much. He ground his hips up against mine, harder, more insistent and I realized that I had stopped for a second just to watch him. I immediately set about putting that look on his face again. I pressed my hips into his and bit his neck, sucking a little and after that, just kissing and nibbling that place that's not quite neck and not quite shoulder. He liked it a lot. I looked down at his face again and knew we weren't going to last too much longer. 

His brow was furrowed slightly, his eyes dark and looking into mine, still whispering to me as he closed the distance between us and kissed me. He pulled my head down and kept up his rhythm at the same time. He was an excellent kisser. I lost myself in the sensation of his mouth and his hips. We both came at the same time. I felt him tense under me and realized that I was tensing too. 

I bit his neck to muffle my cries. He had his hands on my hips and was pressing still, and I felt him come all over my stomach as I did the same on his. 

"Andrew! Oh…God…yes. Andrew…" he cried, trailing off at the end with a sigh. I let go of the side of his neck and looked at his face. It was a peaceful face, eyes closed, lips slightly curved and his hands were trailing along my back. He opened those emerald eyes and we stared at each other for a long moment. I laughed a little and gave him a peck on the cheek. Then I plopped down beside him, my leg over his and my arm under his neck. I trailed my fingers through the mess on his stomach and held one up to my lips. 

"We taste good together. Match made in heaven" I said, mostly to show I loved him. The taste wasn't wonderful, but it wasn't bad at all. He laughed and sucked on my finger.

"Definitely wonderful. That was amazing. It was like nothing I've ever done before and better than everything that I have done." He said. My sentiments exactly. We laid there for a few more minuets, and then I kissed him on the forehead.

"We should get cleaned up. I'm supposed to be helping you with your homework, loverboy." I said, teasing him about the excuse we had made up before for his parents. He never needed help with his homework; I was the one that needed help. He laughed. We got out of the comfy bed and made our way to his bathroom for some washcloths. We cleaned each other up quite nicely and put our clothes back on. 

"I'm glad this happened, and the only reason I didn't say no to getting out of that bed is that I know there's more where that came from." He said, smiling. 

"I'm happy too…really, insanely, irrationally happy. And I'm holding you to another go at this. Damn right there's more where that came from. We're studs; have to keep up the reputation." I said, smiling back. I hugged him and we held each other for a moment. I kissed him softly and stroked his pretty cheekbones. I certainly hoped there was more where that came from.

I saw the bruise on his neck, nothing too bad, but definitely there. For now, it didn't matter how we explained it, or what we did in public, or how people felt about it at all. We were young and in love, that was all that mattered as we held each other close and whispered sweet nothings. It was really quite romantic, and as far as I was concerned, this moment was all that would ever matter for the rest of my life.