 My transformation

After several minutes of me posing in the mirror, we headed back to the living room. This time I walked with confidence. I used my hips and could feel my ass cheeks shifting from side to side. Bandit was smiling. I concentrated on the sound of my heels clicking on the tile floor. When we got back to the living room I sat on the sofa and crossed my legs like a proper woman. I was amazed how quickly I was adapting to this role. 

Bandit reached into the stash and was surprised to see so much of the coke he left behind still there. He asked me if I liked it. I told him I loved how it made me feel but without him there for me to suck his dick I wasn't that interested. Also, I told him I didn't want to be abusive of what he left for me. He said, "Don't worry, baby, I got all you could ever want." I immediately thought of the bag in my closet. I gave him a nervous smile. 

Bandit reached into the bag and produced several video tapes. He handed me one and I switched them out. This one was a compilation of she male scenes. I had never seen porn like this and was fascinated. Bandit asked me to get him a glass with just a little tiny bit of water. I got up and sashayed my way to the kitchen. I loved how sexy I felt. I returned and Bandit said for me to watch and learn. He took several spoonfulls of coke and dumped it into the water. Then he took some baking soda and dumped that in the water too. He stirred the solution then reached back into the bag. I sat demurely as he was teaching me chemistry 101. He then pulled a torch out of the bag and began to heat the mixture. Soon the water evaporated and a bunch of rock like crystals formed.

I watched intently to see the outcome of this experiment. Then he let everything cool down. We drank beer and smoked some weed while we waited. As we waited he asked me to move and pose for him. I did so as he massaged his meat under the towel. As I gyrated around the room he pulled a small glass pipe from the bag. I settled down and watched. He placed several of the pebbles into the glass pipe. He took the pipe and placed it to his lips. He lit the bowl end of the pipe with the torch. The pebbles inside began to sizzle. As they sizzled they produced a thick white smoke. He inhaled the smoke and held it in his lungs for a minute. He exhaled a thick white plume of smoke. He shuddered and closed his eyes. 

I just stared at him. What the fuck was that, I asked. He just smiled and said I would love it. He reloaded the pipe and held it up to me. I didn't hesitate. He told me he would tell me what and when to do it. I placed the pipe to my lips and waited. He took the torch and lit the base of the pipe. He warned me not to burn my lips or my fingers. The rocks began to sizzle and melt. He told me to inhale. I did. I inhaled a two huge lungfuls of smoke. It burned my throat a little. I held it in as long as I could and when I felt I couldn't hold it anymore he said to exhale. A super thick white plume of smoke issued forth from my lungs. When it was completely out I inhaled fresh cool air.

It took a second but then it hit me. I felt like I had been shot out of a cannon. I felt like I had just exploded. Unbelievable! I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. This was intense. I felt electric! Bandit smiled at me and asked if I liked the hit. I smiled back and asked to do it again. I couldn't resist the surge within me and opened Bandit's towel and started sucking his dick while he reloaded the pipe. He lit the pipe and took the hit. As he exhaled the smoke his cock lurched inside my mouth. He groaned. 

He reloaded the pipe and pulled my head off his cock. He told me to hold the smoke in my lungs because he wanted to try something. I said okay. He gave me the pipe and the torch. I lit the pipe and took my hit. I held the smoke and looked over at Bandit. He immediately stood up as the towel fell from his hips. He stood over me as I kneeled and grabbed my face. He squeezed my cheeks until my lipsticked lips parted. He dipped the head of his cock into my upturned mouth. He said okay go ahead. I exhaled a thick white plume over his cock. He groaned again and squeezed out a big drop of pre come into my mouth. I can't describe the rush I felt. I wrapped my lips around his semi hard shaft. He pulled out and dropped his ball sack onto my mouth. 

I opened my mouth wide and tried to engulf the entire sack. It wouldn't fit. I settled for tonguing one ball then the other. He withdrew and lightly wrapped the towel around his waist. He sat back on the sofa. He asked me to roll more weed and get more beer. I complied and started to roll the weed. In the meantime he started to cook up more of the crystal pebbles. I got up and walked to the kitchen. Hearing my heels clicking on the floor made me feel so sexy. I returned with the beers and sat down making sure to cross my legs.

As Bandit cooked up another batch I snorted a few lines to numb my throat. A couple more lines and soon my whole face was numb. I could taste that bitter flavor of the coke as it slid down my throat. I knew I would be ready for some deep throating tonight. As he continued to cook the new batch, Bandit licked two of his fingers and dipped them into the powder coke. He told me to pull down my corset top. I did as told and he began to rub the powder into my nipples. They became hard as diamonds. 

Bandit finished cooking and he prepared quite a bit of pebbles. This oughtta keep us busy for a while, I thought to myself. For the next hour we drank, smoked, watched the porn, huffed the pipe, and snorted lines. By now I was in orbit. I was completely fucked up. I spent that hour massaging Bandit's cock under his towel. I wanted to suck that cock so bad but not without his command to do so. We hit the pipe and this time he stood up. I knew this drill. I slid down to my knees as he dangled his half hard cock above me. I took a hit from the pipe and he dropped his cock once again into my mouth. I exhaled the smoke over his cock. He groaned again. I wrapped my lips around his cock and sucked. He got hard quickly.

I grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him harder into my mouth. His cock head was at the start of my throat. I concentrated on my throat muscles so I would not gag. I pulled his ass closer and felt his cock slide down my gullet. Yes! I thought to myself. Here I am dressed as a woman on my knees, with this man's cock down my throat. Bandit grabbed my bald head and began to push and pull as his cock slid in and out. This went on for a bit. 

When he pulled out he was hard as stone. His cock pointed straight up past his belly button toward his stomach. He reloaded the pipe as I licked and tongued his cock. He took his hit and reloaded it for me. My head was flying. My chest was pounding and I really didn't think I could handle another hit off the pipe. He handed me the pipe and I took the hit anyway. I blew the smoke over his cock and balls the way he liked. 

Bandit helped me to my feet. He bent me over so my palms were flat on the table. He squatted down and began to tongue my ass. He spread my legs a little and began to massage my cock through my panties. I was soaring. He hooked his thumbs into my panties and slid them down my stockinged legs. He dove face first into my ass. He shoved his tongue pass my sphincter into my ass. He ate my ass for all he was worth.

After he slobbed my ass down I could feel the saliva rolling down the back of my leg. Bandit stood up behind me and began to rub his rock hard cock against my ass. He continued to massage my cock from behind. He loaded two fingers with my pre come and then dipped them into the cocaine. He had quite a large amount on his fingers. He wrapped his fingers around my cock head and ground the crystals into my skin. He squeezed out more pre come onto his fingers. He brought his fingers to his mouth and licked them again. He grabbed my cock and stroked. As he stroked me from behind his cock continued to rub between my ass cheeks. There was a fair amount of pre come between my cheeks. 

I heard him lick his fingers again and dip them into the powder. He literally had a palm full which he slammed right into my asshole. He ground it into my ass. He actually pushed the coke into my rectum. He continued to grind it into my ass. He then grabbed his oozing cock and began to wipe it in and around my asshole. The coke and his pre come began to make a kind of paste between my ass cheeks. He continued to rub his cock head in the paste and used his thumb to push the rest into my rectum. I was wrecked. I was stoned beyond belief. 

Bandit kicked my heels apart and began to run his cock up and down my ass. When the head of his cock reached my ass he circled it for a while. Then it hit me! This man was going to fuck my virgin ass! I had never had more than a finger in my ass and now this man wanted to shove his massive man meat into my ass. I thought I would panic but instead I felt a strange sensation. I wanted this man to smash my ass wide open. I wanted him to cram every inch of that magnificent tool up my ass. I wanted him to own me. Make me his bitch to serve him. I felt crazy.

I think he sensed my giving up. He said "You ready for it?" I replied, "Yes, oh yes, take my ass!" He placed his fat mushroom head against my starfish. I looked back and saw a long drizzle of saliva slide from his mouth to the head of his cock. He told me to put my face on the table and to grab my ass cheeks. I did. He placed both his hands on either side of my hips. He began to apply steady pressure. I could feel his head beginning to part my sphincter. 

I grit my teeth as he continued to breech my ass. I could feel a tear roll down my cheek as he continued to push. If my asshole could scream it would have. He didn't even have half his cock head in my ass yet. He eased his grip on my hips and stepped closer. He tightened his grip and really began to push. There was no doubt in his mind he was going to fuck me tonight. I was shaved and dressed up just for this occasion. He grunted and I was panting. He growled and pushed. 

POP! There it was. I cried out. His super-sized cock head expanded then penetrated my ass ring. My ring snapped shut behind his head. I was breathing shallow and rapidly. He continued to growl. He asked if I was okay. I replied yes. I felt him rub more coke on his shaft and around my ring. He began to push further in. I could feel his cock begin to slide deeper in. I really didn't feel much pain. If anything hurt it was my ass ring. I couldn't tell how much of his cock was in me but I thought he was in all the way in. I couldn't have been more wrong. 

He began to slide in some more and then he hit it. My prostate! As soon as he hit it I felt this big drop of pre come push its way out of my dick. I felt a glow come over me. My cock lurched. It thickened and hardened like never before. I groaned a deep growl. Bandit continued to push against my prostate when I felt the first spasm. I groaned aloud as spasm after spasm washed over me. I could feel the come shooting out of my cock onto the table and floor. 

Bandit never slowed down. He continued to push deeper past my prostate. It felt like he was straightening my colon. I felt him deep inside me. I was now in agony. I never felt so full before. He kept driving in. I realized as I got closer to his root his shaft was getting wider. He was stretching my ring to its limits. He pushed until I felt his balls slap mine. He's in all the way I thought. I asked him to just leave it buried there for a few minutes. I was shaking and sweaty. I had never been through an ordeal like this. Bandit grunted and laid his chest on my back. He rested.

After a few minutes Bandit stood up. He grabbed my hips. I knew things were about to get real. He pushed in a little deeper than rapidly slid out. It felt like my guts were being pulled out of me. As the back of his bulbous head reached my ring he shoved back in. I saw stars. Now the assault begins. As he moved in and out he said "Damn, you're tight!" I thought to myself, "That's probably because I've never been fucked before." He shoved in and out as I grunted, groaned, and moaned. Bandit was relentless in his remodeling of my ass. He labored over my ass as my mind drifted into another reality. I didn't exist anymore. Only my ass did. My ass was now the center of the universe. As I travelled through time and space I heard a voice far away. The voice was a scream. It was the kind of scream you here from a porn film when a petite white girl is getting railed by a big black man.

It took me a few minutes before I realized that screaming was me. Bandit was reaming me while I was screaming like that petite white girl. Once I realized it was me I tried to control myself as tears ran down my face. I was transformed. I was no longer a man. I was a girl. A young teenage girl exploring the world of sex for the first time. I felt delicate. 

Bandit heaved one last time reaching the deepest part of my bowels. Bandit howled and let loose with a blast of come. His cock pulsed as gob after gob of come flowed into my ass. We both fell onto the carpet and lay together on the floor. His cock was still buried up my ass. We breathed heavily panting. I thought to myself "It's finished..." As we both slid into unconsciousness, I thought to myself "He owns me..." 

I awoke sometime later. We were both in the same spot on the floor. I could feel his cock still buried in my ass. I rolled over as his cock slurped out of my ass. I looked at it as it glistened in the light. I moved down to his cock and began to suck it clean. Bandit stirred from my ministrations. We both moved up to the sofa. Bandit lay back as I rested my head on his thigh. We fell back into sleep.