 It had been nearly a month since I had last had some dick and I was getting antsy. I went looking online to find someone like me to hook up with: married and willing to pump and dump with no thought of anything but anonymity. At the time I was thirty-two years old and had three children with my wife of nine years, but even with my full beard, my blue eyes and round face made me look younger than I was. While my six feet four inch tall body wasn't exactly model material, it was still fit and lean. My hair was still light brown -- though within two years a few gray hairs would begin to appear -- and styled in an undercut pompadour when I worked but tended to let my chin length bangs hang loose on days off. Most importantly, I had a thick nine inch dick that my wife loved and that never failed to please the random guys I met up with on the side.

Very picky about who I chose, it took me a few days before an ad caught my attention and immediately became excited. It was from a guy I had seen post a few times over the years. He was a married guy that, like me, often sought the company of other married men to bury his cock in. Though I never completely trusted the internet, the pictures he posted showed a monstrous, cut dick that was not quite eleven and a half inches long and just over two inches across. Aside from the larger size, it closely resembled my own circumcised piece. It was a mostly straight cylinder with a thick vein wandering along the top just off center. Just before the head, his curved up slightly at a shallow angle while mine didn't. The ridge of the slightly pointed crown flared wider than the shaft adding another half inch to his already significant girth. For as much as I prided myself on my cock, I envied his, if it was indeed real.

I had always wanted to hook up with him both to see if the pictures were real and to see what it would feel like to have that cock inside me but had never been able to make it happen. I usually saw his ads after the time frame he was looking for someone had passed or I was not available if I caught them beforehand. In addition to being able to meet his time, what got me excited was the fact that he was going to be having a fuck party. Two or three times a year -- from what I had seen over time -- he posted that he was renting a motel room and would blindfold himself then leave the door open with his ass and mouth available to any and all. The only rules were that there could be no talking, nothing too rough or raunchy, and the time had to be respected. My job was flexible and allowed me to work my own hours so I would be able to join in the fun the following day.

After telling my wife I was shifting my hours and working late, I left after the morning traffic rush and headed to the motel across town, far away from anyone who might accidentally drive by, in enough time to hopefully be the first in line. My plan was to drop a quick load, put some time in at work, then if his ass or mouth were good enough, return to have a second go at him before heading home.

I arrived at the property and easily located the room he had indicated. It was the type of place in a part of town that when driving passed, you knew without stopping that they had hourly rates. The door was already open and I was both disappointed and happy to see a partially clothed guy already pumping into the ass of a man on all fours on the bed. As he had described in his ad, our host looked to be close to my height with a lean body that had good muscle definition hiding under the light coat of dark hair that covered his body. Unfortunately, he was wearing a black jock strap that made it impossible to see what he was actually packing, though the pouch was full and sagged under the weight of its contents. A ski mask that had the eyes sewn shut covered his face so I was unable to verify that he was the twenty-nine years of age that he claimed. Sensing my presence, he opened his mouth and waited for me to push my dick inside. With a shrug, I assumed I was the second person to arrive and pulled out my hardening dick as I climbed onto the bed in front of our mostly naked host.

I set up a sedate pace fucking his mouth while waiting for my turn in his ass. The guy had some difficulty with my girth but didn't otherwise seem to have a gag reflex. Somewhat impressed by his oral skills, I was almost disappointed when the other guy began to near his orgasm. A third man entered the room and feeling like I needed to guard my place in line, I pulled out of the mouth in front of me and slid around to kneel next to the man currently filling the willing hole while the newcomer unzipped and took my place. Once the first guy finished and pulled out, I slid inside and let out a soft moan feeling the hole easily accommodate me. I was used to a certain amount of tightness that needed to be worked out when I first entered an ass but either because of the fucking he had just received or because this guy rode dick regularly, he took my thick cock with little complaint. That's not to say his ass was loose and sloppy. It was just a nice fit like a comfortable pair of well-worn jeans. Adding to the sensation was the fact that I could feel the load that had been deposited lubricating the passage nicely. If it weren't for the fact that another guy had entered and that I had to go to work, I would have taken more time to enjoy this fuck. Instead, I began pumping him purposefully and was soon leaving my own deposit. As I pulled out I decided I would come back that evening and have another go at his mouth. While his ass was decent enough, I knew that by the end of the day there was no way there would be any tightening it around me.

As I walked out of the room, two more guys were approaching and I thought to myself the blindfolded guy was going to have a very busy day. In the parking lot a car pulled into the vacated spot next to me that had previously held a large pickup truck. As the newcomer got out of his car and began walking toward me, I focused on the car on the other side of him. Previously hidden from my view by the truck, the shiny black muscle car looked remarkably like my brother's car and I began to worry he might have seen me. Though he would have to explain why he told me and his wife he was going out of town overnight for business, I was more concerned about me being caught fucking a guy. Hoping I wouldn't seem like a thief, I peeked through the windows and saw a few of my brother's personal effects inside and let out a soft curse. As quickly as I could, I climbed into my car and drove off.

On my drive to work, a number of thoughts ran through my head. I tried to think of excuses for why I would have been there and ways I could possibly bargain with him. Fear eventually turned to anger as I began to wonder why he was there as well. If he were there to fuck the guy as well, why didn't I see him? Had he been in another room doing his own thing, cheating on his wife with another woman? But I couldn't rationalize that as the occupants of the few cars on that side of the building had all been in that room.

It was then that it hit me.

I had just fucked my brother.

My younger brother, Gary, was the guy on the bed in that room whose cock I had been lusting over for years.

Though I had no way to verify the truth until I went back -- and I was going back if for no other reason than to find out -- the shape of the man's body and the description online fit perfectly with my brother's appearance. I knew I should have been ashamed and disgusted by what had happened, but my first reaction was anger that the fucker had a bigger dick than me. As I continued to brood over the situation, I became aware of the fact that my cock was hard again. While logically I knew it wasn't right, my dick seemed to like the fact that it had been inside my brother's mouth and ass. By the time I had arrived at work, I knew that not only was I going to learn the truth, I was going to drop another load in him before I did.

After a day that seemed to drag on, I left and headed back to the motel. My original plan had been to work a bit later then make another quick drop before heading home. Instead, because of the thoughts running through my head that needed to be confirmed, I called my wife and made up an excuse that would allow me to get home later than normal with the intention of spending a few hours in the room. Once I arrived, his car was still there and I entered the room and took a seat in the armchair in the corner. I watched with amazement as the body of who I suspected was my brother got used with little regard.

Not including me and him there were seven guys in the room. Two were taking rapid turns fucking his mouth, three were standing at the sides of the bed masturbating while they watched the action, and the last two had their cock in Gary's ass fucking him at the same time. Despite the number of people in the room and the action, very little sound was produced. Occasionally there were a few soft moans and grunts, but more than anything the wet sounds of sex filled the room.

For the next three hours, I sat and watched without moving or saying anything. Men filed in and out and by ninety minutes in, the current group of men in the room and those arriving all assumed I belonged there as insurance. I played up the role that I hoped would seem legitimate by giving some of them the eye when they got a little too rough or seemed too greedy without uttering a word.

When the last man finally finished, I continued to sit in silence as I indicated he should close the door on his way out. For a few minutes, the man I suspected was Gary lay on the bed breathing deeply. His body was wet and shiny from a mix of sweat, spit and cum. Due to his position on the bed, I could see that the mask he wore was soaking wet as well. I couldn't see his ass which was pointing toward the head of the bed, but from the double dicking he had experienced, I was sure it was swollen and angry looking and possibly gaping. Surprisingly, his jock strap was still intact though it was stained and looked well-used. The cock inside was still curled in repose but as I watched it began to swell and straighten. Soon, his hands reached for his strap and cock and I nearly cursed realizing I could've had confirmation of his identity as soon as I had returned if I had looked closely.

Gary was the type of guy that though he was approaching thirty, he still dressed as he did in high school. Oversized baggy pants and t-shirts, basketball shorts, and sagging track suits combined with beige hiking boots, slides, or the popular named basketball shoe of the month to form his casual wardrobe. Like me, he also looked younger than his age and could pull it off but many of us thought it was time for him to update his attire. In addition to the clothing, his appearance hadn't changed much either. In high school he had a college age girlfriend who had been interning to become a stylist that had done work on his look. Soon, Gary's eyebrows were cleaned up with sharp edges above his ice blue eyes, his beard and moustache became thin lines outlining his face and a pair of small gold hoops or square faux diamond earrings were always in his ears. And a week before she dumped him, she had talked him into getting a small anchor tattoo on his right hip.

I immediately recognized the small black design that had not been concealed by the waistband and the titanium and onyx wedding band he wore on the hand reaching into his pouch. As the mask began to come off and reveal the dark brown hair done in a Caesar cut, I internally cursed myself for not having noticed the tattoo the first time I was in the room. It was short lived, though, as I acknowledged my focus had been elsewhere at the time and he had been on all fours.

Unaware of my presence behind him, Gary held the base of his cock and balls, both of which were still trapped in the pouch, with one hand. He then spit on his other hand and began to slowly stroke the tip that had escaped the waistband. Having my undivided attention, I watched as my brother's cock quickly went from a limp hose to an impressive stalk of flesh. Even though I was a few feet away, there was no denying that at full mast it was larger and thicker than my own cock that ached painfully trapped in my jeans. I felt a mix of jealousy, pride and desire watching him work it yet I continued to sit still waiting for the right moment to reveal myself.

That moment came without me choosing it as he sat up and turned to reposition himself near the head of the bed.

"What the --" He said, not hiding his shock at there being someone in the room. Gary's eyes had widened in surprise but narrowed as recognition hit. "Grant?"

"How's it going, Gary?" I asked leisurely, as if I hadn't been watching him get fucked then stroke himself.

"What the hell are you doing here?"

"I think it's pretty obvious."

"Fuck!" He yelled. Fear took over his face and he crawled to foot of bed babbling. "It's not what you think. I'm not gay. I don't normally do stuff like this. You can't tell Sara. Please don't tell Sara."

It took me a while to calm him. I realized my statement had been too ambiguous and he had come to the conclusion that I was there spying in order to inform the family.

"Gary," I said. I had moved to sit on the side of the bed next to him as he held his head in his hands. "I'm not going to tell anyone. That would invite questions and it would be pretty hard to explain how I got to be here and that I had fucked you."

Gary's head snapped up at that. "You fucked me?"

"Yep. I think I was the second one in here this morning." I then proceeded to tell him about finding his car and all the thoughts that had run through my head during the day. I also told him I knew about the ads that had been posted over the years and how I had always wished I could hook up with the dick in those pictures. "And now, I'm just a little pissed to find out that cock belongs to my brother."

Gary's eyes roamed over my face as he absorbed everything. Neither of us had ever been the types to give away our thoughts with facial expressions and even now, I couldn't tell what my brother was thinking.

After a few moments of silence, he said without any hint of inflection, "And you came back knowing that it was me to fuck me again."

"Admittedly, I didn't know it was you until after everyone left, but yeah, I'd have another go at it. That is if you don't want to fuck me. I'm sure you could use more than a hand right now. I told you I've been dreaming about that cock for years."

Gary cursed and made a disgusted face. "I appreciate the offer, bro. But I think that's too much. I know that's saying something considering what's already happened, but I don't think it'd be right."

I reached a hand over and began to massage the pouch of his jock. His cock had softened again but the very tip of its head was trapped and visible in his waistband. I leaned in and said into his ear, "Come on. You know after the day you've had you're not going to be completely satisfied jerking off. Let me help you out. Just this once."

"Shit, man. You gotta stop," Gary said with frustration as he pulled his head away from my mouth and leaned away. His cock had begun to harden again and was pushing up out of the elastic band. He put a hand on top of mine but didn't actually try to stop me "This is wrong. We're brothers."

Ignoring his weak protest, I pulled the waistband down a little to expose more of his stiffening dick then lowered my head to take the tip into my mouth. I heard Gary suck in a breath above me and his grip on my wrist tightened for a moment before relaxing. I took my time slowly bobbing my mouth up and down the wide head not exactly sucking it but using my lips as a softer substitute for my hand. I was rewarded by feeling his cock stiffen rapidly and try to push deeper into my mouth. Restraining myself, I continued to mouth only his head when Gary spoke again.

"Dammit, Gary! Stop teasing me and suck my dick if you're going to do it," he said strongly as he placed a hand on my head and tried to push me lower.

I resisted and felt him place his other hand on my head as well. For a few moments we struggled against each other as he tried to push more of his cock into my mouth. When I finally relented, he let out a sustained moan as more of his length slowly slid into my mouth. With just over half his length in my mouth, the tip of his cock touched the top of my throat and I reversed motion. I was never one for deep throating and I wasn't about to try with Gary's massive dick.

I began to suck his cock in earnest and soon felt the trickle of precum leave his piss slit. It wasn't a large amount, just a few drops that were pushed out each time his cock twitched in my mouth. The flavor of it was surprisingly sweet and sharply contrasted with the salty and musky taste of his cock. Indeed, his entire crotch smelled sweaty and musky and there was the lingering scent of cum and sex wafting up from his ass.

While I sucked him, Gary leaned back on his elbows and watched while keeping one hand on my head. Each time I glanced up to look at him, his eyes were as unreadable as the last time. The only guide that I had to the job I was doing was listening to his heavy breathing. If I did something he liked his breath would stutter or hitch or a low moan would rumble through him, otherwise it remained steady.

An unknown amount of time later, I saw him move his free hand to begin playing with his nipples as his hips began to thrust into my mouth. Though I had never been with him before, it was obvious he was working toward his climax. A mouthful of his cum was on my list of things to accomplish with him, but not knowing if this was going to be a one-time thing I really wanted him in my ass. I was in the middle of gauging when to pull off him when he pushed me off instead.

Without a word, he pushed me back and began to open my pants. I just laid there as he pulled them and my underwear off. With my aching erection freed, he leaned down and began to suck it. Even after having my dick in his mouth earlier and seeing what had happened toward the end of the evening, I was amazed by how well he sucked dick. Unlike me Gary had no gag reflex and other than some small choking sounds due to my girth stretching his throat, he worked my cock down to the root easily. I moaned out loud and struggled to remove my shirt as his mouth and tongue moved on my dick.

After focusing exclusively on my dick for a few minutes, I felt one of his hands move between my legs. Instinctually I opened them wider and felt a dry finger work its way between my ass cheeks and play against my hole. The sharpness of the untrimmed nail was slightly painful as it scratched against me but at the same time it was arousing when combined with the subsequent pressing of the pad of his dry finger against the sensitive flesh. Before I knew it, he had worked the finger inside me and was slowly finger fucking me in time with his bobbing head. I writhed and squirmed on the bed wanting more and less but didn't want to escape. When he started working a second mostly dry finger into me, I groaned painfully.

"Fuck, man," I practically shouted. "Spit on it or something."

Gary ignored me and continued what he was doing.

Combined sounds of pain and pleasure began to exit me because of what was happening to my dick and ass. Unconsciously, I began to scoot back on the bed trying to escape the discomfort between my legs. At one point I felt the bed shift as he moved to kneel between my legs as he followed me. With his free hand, he pushed first one of my legs then the other over his shoulders as he continued to finger fuck me and suck my dick. Overloaded by the sensations, I closed my eyes and laid there vocalizing my reactions. It was the best and worst feeling ever and I couldn't believe my brother was the cause of it.
