 There was dried cum on the keyboard. It was old, and flaking now, but was evidence of the pleasure Brian had given himself last night. Mindy had called and said she wouldn't be coming home anytime soon. Her trip this time had been extended, evidence that her dreams were quickly becoming a reality. 

It was going to take longer for Brian. He had to first establish himself as a gay porn star and he knew he was failing miserably at that. He was still the faceless gay for pay jock. He needed to become a well-recognized muscle or dom. He didn't really care which but he didn't know how to get there. 

What he did know was he still felt guilty for not repaying the favor and helping Riley get off. He had spent the whole night watching Riley with an assortment of on screen lovers. None had made even so much as offered to return the favor. Some fucked his mouth, most just enjoyed his hands and a few enjoyed filling him. 

If Riley had gotten off it was only because he enjoyed serving and not because the co-star had done something to give him pleasure. He wanted to give him pleasure because Riley deserved. He coaxed each one of those jocks into a pleasureful paycheck and they likely didn't even thank him. 

He knew he should be looking at the bigger named stars, or even looking at the popular muscles on the site so he could buddy up to them. That would have been the smart choice for his career but instead his thoughts had been consumed by Riley. 

He wanted to feel the silky black hair slipping through his fingers, those lips around his cock again. He wanted to hear Riley taunt him again and call him a bitch. Somehow the way Riley read him had been right on. He liked being taunted, liked the idea of something new and exciting. 

Riley had broken down some of the taboo of having sex with a guy and he owed Riley everything. Brian wasn't single and yet here he was ready to hope his highschool sweetheart stayed a distance away. 

He reached over the span of the coffee table to pick up a stale night before slice of pizza. The cheese had that rubbery crumbly texture when it had been stringy and wonderful last night. A few pieces of folded in half cold pizza, and a shower and then he would go to the studio and try to find a way to bump into Riley. 

~*~*~*~

Jay Styles, room 2. It was all the email with the day's assignments said. He knew it would probably be another vanilla scene with a guy who claimed to be strait so that the viewer could live out his fantasies of fucking the popular high school jock that never gave them the time of day.

He really hated the strait to gay stuff sometimes, it just became so repetitive. One way or another he would have to coax the jock into fucking him so that the jock could finish and then he could walk away used and ready to finish himself. There wasn't any costume for him so he knew that meant his current skinny jeans and T-shirt were fine. No one was really watching him anyway. 

Riley looked at room two. He knew it well. Most of the new guys and one time guys would come to this room talking about how they had never been with a guy before and then Riley would walk in and the camera guy would instruct the strait guy and Riley would wiggle and do his best to make the jock hard. He knew this likely meant he was filming for the sister site. 

He entered the room walking in on the interview. The guy was talking about his glory days playing college football and how the locker room had always made him curious. Riley rolled his eyes. How typical, why did the strait ones always seem to like doing it in the locker-room. Jay was good looking enough, just like any other gay for pay. 

Riley knew this meant he wouldn't be getting off. The interviewer took notice of him and asked a few more basic questions before whistling for Riley to join Jay on the couch. 

Jay was instructed to remove his pants and shirt as Riley did the same thing, while walking onto the set. He allowed the camera a little show as he stripped for the viewing pleasure of whoever would manage to click on this. 

He of course knew it wouldn't be on of the most viewed as it was just another static gay for pay but it did pay the bills. "Touch yourself." He purred to the bulky male now in nothing but plaid boxers. 

He watched Jay rub himself through the cloth and did the same before fishing out his smaller cock. He never felt intimidated by the bigger guys, in all honesty he pitied them. They didn't know what they enjoyed and they would likely chalk this up to desperation and never come back to revisit the pleasure of being with a guy. 

Riley reached over and took the larger cock in his hand. It wasn't anything memorable and in all honesty neither was Jay. He would forget his face, name, and cock hours after the shoot. Instead his mind wandered thinking of how he would invite Tar to dinner. 

Butterflies circled in his stomach. He thumbed the slit and right under the notch in Jay's red mushroomed head. He watched the preppy gay for pay jerk and close his eyes moaning. 

"You like this don't you?" He whispered. Of course Jay liked it. His eyes were closed, and without sight it was easy to forget that a hand felt like a hand and a mouth felt like a hand. He wanted to scream for the jock to look at him, to think about the fact that he was in fact a guy.

Jay moaned again in response and lifted his hips so Riley could completely free his cock. Riley straddled the gay for pay lap, and kissed Jay whose eyes were clouded over with lust and only partially open. The stupid jock's hands just remained at his side as Riley took control of giving him pleasure. He kissed Jay, thinking of Tar, it was heated with a toasted taste of emotion. 

He kissed down Jay's body leaving a trail of thoughts about Tar on the washboard abs, before enveloping the huge cock in his mouth. All he felt was the jock thrusting up into his mouth almost making him gag, but Riley was better than that. 

He worked to put on a show and get the jock off, taking Jay deep into his throat. He held his breath as the cock forced down his throat and the gay for pay held his head to better use him. It didn't take long and another camera man filmed as he licked Jay's cock and balls clean. 

The guy panted smiling as he patted Riley's head like he was a good dog. Finally, he was done and now all he needed to do was track down Tar, the one he really wanted to be with today. 

His cock was aching in his pants. Yet again another egocentric jock had used him and smiled greatful that he had managed to make them cum. Another unspent orgasm swelled in his balls pushing painfully to get out. 

It seemed to have a mind of its own, and it was angry with him. He would need to gently coax it out and he doubted that this time he would be lucky enough to run into Tar again. He would have to track Tar down later so he could ask him to dinner. 

His balls filled with a denied orgasm and his thoughts full of the new guy in town joining him and his roommates for dinner, Riley didn't even notice the brick wall jock until he bumped into him. The wind was neary knocked out of the small twink but the unforgiving muscle barely registered the impact. 

"Shit sorry." Riley panted wanting to get away to the showers quickly. He looked through Brian and watched Tar exiting a room with a large grin dominating his face. 

"Its ok, I was hoping to run into you." Brian smiled down realizing Riley was distracted. He looked over his shoulder watching the newly popular Hayden Tar heading toward the shower. 

"You like him don't you?" Brian asked tucking his disappointment away.

Riley paled and his eyes widened "No, he just... he finished me off yesterday and I was filming again today and was hoping he would do the favor again." 

"Yeah man, that was actually what I was hoping to talk about. I'm sorry I left ya hanging." 

The apology had caught him off guard and Riley remembered the scene with Brian. He had been particularly fun to shoot with but just like all the other gay for pays he had used and left. To his even greater surprise Brian continued.

"I have never been with a guy before and I was so wrapped up in the fact that you actually managed to get me off I completely forgot about your needs. I'd like to make it up to you."

Riley realized his body was still pressed firmly against Brian's and he backed away enough so that he could look up at the jock, "How do you plan to make it up to me?" He asked genuinely curious. 

"I mean I'd like it if I could return the favor today but I'll take anything I can get. I've never," Brian paused trying to think the best way to phrase his all-encompassing lack of experience "I've never even kissed a guy before. You were my first and if you'll let me I would really like if you were my first everything."

Brian shook his head "That sounds stupid, let me try again. You said Tar finished you after filming with me can I," Brian looked at Riley's small feet thinking it would be easier to make his request to them "can I finish you today and then maybe take you out or something. I don't know how to make another guy happy but I would really like to learn." 

Riley smiled a little to himself "Alright bitch boy, lets see how committed you really are. You want to be the next big name in muscle porn you are going to have to work for it." He didn't want to give up on Tar, but the idea of a gay for pay actually wanting to learn was too interesting to resist. 

It was something that had never happened before and he wanted to see if Brian was serious. 

He doubted he could actually do anything to further the muscles career but it had been so long since he had been given an orgasm other than with Tar. He still planned to track Tar down but for the moment Brian had his attention.

"I told you I'm not a bitch." Brian growled to which Riley eyed his groin. He watched the jaded green eyes travel down to his zipper which was painfully pressing into his growing cock.

"Someone else disagrees." Riley looked up to him in challenge and licked his sinfully full lips. "I'm heading to the shower, the gay for pay I was working with left me hanging. I could use some help if you think you are up for it." 

~*~*~*~ 

Tar turned on the hot water and groaned. The tiny droplets working into his joints and relaxing them. His damp bachelor hole hadn't been getting good hot water and so the shower was a welcomed luxury. He was now in the habit of one shower before filiming and one after.

He used his shampoo sparingly, and spent a good amount of time working it into his dark tresses. Tar's slender fingers pressed into his scalp rubbing away any thought and clearing his head. He loved being clean, loved knowing that he smelled nice and that when he got out he was stepping into clean clothes that actually fit. 

Tar could have spent his money on a better place to live, but he would rather look and smell like he had money than live like he did. He tilted his head back letting the water wash away the lathered shampoo. He added a dollop of conditioned and left it in his dark mane so that it would sink in as he focused on his body. He heard the door open as two pairs of feet entered and went into the shower two spaces away. 

Warmth crept over Tar's body and he worked the fragrent body wash into his skin. His muscles relaxed under his fingers and the aches in his joints melted. He could hear a familiar whimper and panting, but didn't want to touch himself at the moment. Instead he just enjoyed the relaxing sounds of pleasure and the warmth that enveloped him. 

~*~*~*~

Joel walked onto the small stage. Today he was playing a shy nympho theater nerd in a Phantom of the Opera parody. It was a longer shoot with actual plot and dialogue. 

It wouldn't go on the site, but instead would be sold in DVD form. He always felt slightly better about his job when he did these erotic films. They had actual plot instead of just fucking. 

He wasn't stupid enough to call himself an actor and to say that this was just art, it was just more tasteful porn. He was excited to actually get the chance to sing a bit in this one. He was playing Christian, the twink version of Christine. 

Today they were filming him in a dream like state and he got to be tied to a grated wall and pounded by the phantom. Of course the phantom was not the least bit unattractive. He was a large muscular guy named Dan who filmed great from behind. His back muscles would flex appealingly making him the perfect choice for all the standing up against the wall fuck scenes. 

Joel walked over to the set where there was a small pool that would serve for the water scenes and the grate where there were some shackle like binds and his cock twitched as he couldn't wait to be in them.

He watched the others walk in somewhat annoyed that his alone time with the set was being intruded on. Dan was stroking his large tool and getting ready for the upcoming scene. He eyed the large rod hungrily and felt his cleaned body already opening to the prospect of having Dan inside of him. 

It amazed him how quickly everyone got ready to get strait to the sex. There was no warming up they just had to get to the good part for this. He removed his clothing other than a silky white tie around his waist which when he moved revealed his body in provocative flashes. 

He moved against the grate and one of the crew members fastened his wrists. He pulled against the shackles feeling that they were actually restraining him. 

He always enjoyed when the props and binds were real. He enjoyed feeling the helplessness of being restrained and knowing that his Dom was focused only on his pleasure.

Joel felt the colored lights go on, giving the set and eerie glow. He felt Dan's warm hands on his body, trailing over his slight frame and causing Joel to purr from the attention. He looked into the dark eyes hidden behind a cheap white mask. The heated lust going from Dan's eyes through a heated kiss and curling like a serpent in Joel's stomach. 

He could feel Dan's tongue slip into his mouth and he tasted the mint that he had been chewing on prior to shooting. It was a wordless scene but he enjoyed it nonetheless. He felt Dan lift his leg over his hip. 

He wanted to moan out please but all that came out was a wordless groan and whimper. He couldn't tell Dan that he wanted it deeper or harder he had to be wordless and in a dream like state. He panted and rested his head against Dan't strong shoulder. The hot rod invaded his body. 

Joel felt Dan's cock hitting his prostate bringing him actual pleasure. He whimpered and chewed on the phantom's shoulder. He felt his body being tossed like a heavy cottons in a wash machine. He was being pushed against the steel grate and his body was full. He could feel the eyes of the camera on him and he gave it a wanton look. 

There wasn't emotion in the fucking it just felt good and looked good. He wouldn't think of Dan tonight, or confess his secrets. Joel's mind wandered as he was fucked. Everything in his life was just fucking and he was now at the worst time possible thinking about what he wanted for the future. His cock wilted but he was happy it was pinned between him and Dan so that it didn't ruin the shot. 

He felt his lover of the hour fill his body with cum and the camera zoom in and swarm around to get all the shots that his boss wanted. 

~*~*~*~

Brian's heart skipped oddly when he heard Riley call him a bitch. There was something about it that turned him on. He wasn't attracted to the idea that Riley had a penis but there was something about Riley. 

He watched his on screen lover's ass sway as he was lead to the shower. There was someone already in the shower but Riley didn't seem to notice and so Brian ignored it as well. 

He watched Riley's slender hands grab hold of the bottom of his black Metalica T-shirt. It suddenly occurred to Brian that despite knowing Riley had a dick he was morbidly fascinated by what was beneath the dark wrapping. 

He hadn't taken the time to enjoy the taboo display when he had lost his on screen virginity. He would enjoy Riley this time, or at the very least not be so selfish. 

His lapis eyes fallowed Riley's hands as the cotton shirt was collected and tossed over his hand revealing Riley's torso. Time slowed as Brian captured images of Riley that he would be able to use later. If he was going to comit to being gay for pay he would need images of Riley for his spank bank. 

The small twink did not disappoint. The shirt was tossed to the side as Brian noticed again Riley's perfect rosey nipple each with a barbell through it. 

The barbell today had sparkly purple globes on the end and he mindlessly wondered why he hadn't noticed the color of the piercing the first time. He had always thought it would have been hot if Mindy had had her nipples pierced but she found the idea repulsive. 

Next came the pants and Brian was startled to feel that the more skin Riley showed him the more sinful heat rushed from his head into his cock. He was hard for Riley, a guy who he had only just met. Working to overcome his aversion towards cock seemed to be successful. 

Riley didn't have a huge imposing cock which he had imagined all guys that were in porn must have. His small cock couldn't decide if it wanted to be hard or if it knew better and knew to go down because this promised to be another disappointment. As Brian's confidence in the situation grew Riley's waned. 

"You don't have to touch me back if you don't want to." Riley wanted to cover he groin, but part of having sex was seeing the other person naked and being able to appreciate their beauty. He knew if this was to actually be a mutually enjoyable shower Brian would have to be comfortable with looking at him and he would have to be comfortable with being looked at. 

Brian shook his head "No, I'm worried I might be bad at it." His cock was still somewhat soft despite the heat that was consuming him. 

Riley smiled "I won't let you be bad." He tugged on Brian's shirt insistently, until Brian took the hint and stripped. He jumped a little as Brian's hands slid down his back and cupped his ass. 

"See, an ass is an ass." Riley whispered, afraid that if he spoke too loudly he would shatter both of their confidences. 

Brian smiled "A nice ass is a nice ass, but not all asses are equal." Brian could feel himself becoming lost in Riley, he was soft enough to be a girl, and different enough to be interesting. He could feel Riley's warm shaft against his thigh as they moved closer and was surprised that the reminder of his partners organ was turning him on. 

Brian pushed his hips forward, his own sizeable erection nestled against Riley's stomach "Fuck I'm horny right now." Pulled away from Riley and stepped into the shower offering his hand "You still want to do this?"

Riley snorted a small laugh "Don't be a bitch of course I want to do this. You promised to pay me back." He took Brian's hand trying to not let this go too quickly to either head. Brian was his wet dreams personified and he was terrified of waking up. 

Brian growled and pulled Riley into the shower against his chest. This time however Riley noticed how close they were and pulling away to look for another was the furthest thing from his mind. Brian's perfect body was now slick with water and he could run his hands over him for hours. 

The Spray pelted Brian's back as the steam invaded his lungs. He wanted to ask Riley for a kiss, or say something clever like he would be happy to be Riley's bitch but nothing came out. Instead he reached between them to stroke Riley's cock. 

Brian was surprised by how much of a size difference there was between them. His whole hand was almost large enough to wrap around the entire length of Riley's cock and it allotted little room for movement. He moved his hand in the same rushed beer bottle choking fashion that he used on himself. 
