 Where do I start? My grandmother always said "The best place to start is at the beginning". I was in my early 20's living in The Boogie Down Bronx. I was working for a Manhattan Hospital creating videos. For a 22 year old kid I was making 25K a year. This was today's equivalent of 60K a year. I was flush with money with no real overhead.

I was an avid weed smoker and had several connections. One in particular was a guy named Bandit. Bandit could score me weed any time day or night. I'll get back to him later. At this particular stage in life I would typically spend weekends drinking and getting high. Because of my work in video I was privy to some of the best porn of the 1980's.

So, one day I'm driving around Pelham Bay and I noticed a movie theater called "The Globe". At first I ignored it but then the letters "XXX' stood out. I was fascinated to think that a porn theater existed right here in the Bronx. I didn't even know a public porn theater could even exist in the Bronx. I had heard about them on 42nd Street. I decided to take a closer look and parked my car nearby. I walked over to the entrance. The windows were blacked out and there was an attendant in the box office. Hmm, I thought. This could be interesting.

For the next week my thoughts wandered to The Globe Theater. What goes on in there? Do guys go in there just to watch a porn flick? Do they leave all hot and bothered just to go home and bone their wives? Go home and rub one off? I was fascinated by this idea of communal porn watching. I had never watched porn with another guy before. This concept dominated my thoughts.

A week later I scored some weed and had a few nip bottles. I had a little buzz going on while I was still at home. Just enough weed and booze to give me the courage to go into the theater. I drove to the theater and parked nearby. The same stone faced attendant was at the window. She charged me $5.00 to get in. I walked into the theater lobby. I was quite surprised by what I saw. The lobby was really dim. There was even a concession stand that was open. The lobby was very cool. I saw steps leading up to a balcony. I decided I would explore that later. The stairs continued up to what I assume was the projection booth.

I resolved myself to enter the auditorium. As I approached the auditorium doorway, I noticed there was no door. There was a heavy curtain over the doorway. I could hear moans and slurping from the other side. I stepped through and immediately stopped and looked down. I waited a few minutes to let my eyes adjust to the darkness. When I looked up I saw in 64mm splendor Vanessa Del Rio sucking cock. The image was huge! I never saw anything like that! I looked over to my left and saw a bunch of men lined up against the back wall just standing there. I thought this was pretty odd. I looked forward and could see the back of heads scattered around the theater watching the movie. I started to walk down the right side aisle.

Most guys I saw were rubbing their crotches through their jeans or pants. I looked to my right and saw a guy stroking his dick. I was stunned! I had never seen another man's penis live, only in video. I quickly looked away and continued to explore. I continued to the front and saw several guys sitting in the front row. I found this to be strange because they were so close to the screen.

I walked back up the way I came. I got about halfway up when I decided to move in three seats and sat down. I was settling in with my buzz and was beginning to enjoy the porn. I could feel my cock hardening in my jeans. I began to rub it through my jeans like the other guys were doing. I could hear more guys coming into the theater. It was about 9pm. I was caught between watching the screen and watching the people around me.

As I switched back and forth I noticed movement to my left. I look over and see a black man sitting down in the row in front of mine to my left. He settles in and begins to enjoy what's playing on the screen. I keep sneaking peeks at him and he doesn't seem to notice me. I continue to watch and see the black guy sticking his right hand into his pants. I am mesmerized by what I see next. What I see is the biggest thickest cock I have ever seen in real life.

This monster was coal black. It was as thick as a beer can at the base. It and tapered to a spear shaped head. It must have been about 8" long. I was transfixed as he began to stroke this beast. He looked over at me and smiled. I was stuck like the proverbial dear in the headlights. I could only stare. Transfixed. He continued to stroke it as he turned back to watch the movie. I continued to switch from the movie to the guy. My cock was hard. The black guy is getting more intense with his stroking. He looks over at me and says " Hey kid, wanna try it"?

Now, I'm thinking "Try it"? This is the point where my confusion begins. As far as I know there isn't a gay bone in my body. My whole life I have always been attracted to women. I feel a strong desire to get up and approach him but better judgment prevails. I smile and say "No thanks". He turns and continues to beat that impressive meat. I continued to watch as he suddenly inhaled and grunted. I was awed. I had never seen a man come before in real life. I watched as thick ropes of come shot from that spear head. He groaned and stroked until there was nothing left. He turned to me and said "Maybe next time" I could only reply....."Uh Huh"........He pulled out some tissues and wiped his cock and hand and stuffed that big meat into his pants. Then he got up and walked out.

My cock and balls were hard as granite. I was in pain. I had to relax. I broke out a joint and smoked up taking sips from my nip bottle. I had a good buzz going and started to look around. I noticed the theater had a larger audience. I decided to get up and explore some more. I walked back down to the front and discovered why those guys were sitting in the front row. All the guys sitting in the chairs were in various states of ecstasy. Each guy sitting had a guy in front of him kneeling and sucking dick. I never saw anything like this. I was fascinated and repulsed at the same time. I couldn't understand this. Yet the hard on in my pants was a testimony to my horniness. I watched for a bit but didn't want to impose.

I walked back up the aisle and sat three seats in on the left. A scene came on where these men are dressed as pigs complete with a squeals and grunts soundtrack. There must have been ten guys about to gangbang Del Rio. Her clit was huge on screen and the men/pigs were all chewing on it. This scene caught my attention and I became very focused. I decided to pull out my cock and rub one off. Here I am a 19 year old kid masturbating while sitting in the audience of a porn theater. But I'm stoned and horny and don't give a fuck. I'm thoroughly enjoying my left hand when suddenly a guy sits right next to me! What The Fuck! The guy quickly gets comfortable and proceeds to fish his cock out of his pants and begins stroking. At this point I just want to blow a load. Me and the guy are stroking and checking out each other's equipment.

His cock was non-descript and about the same size as mine, 6". We continue to watch the movie when suddenly I feel his hand on my leg! I'm paralyzed! OMG! This man is touching me! He looks over to me and looks in my eyes! I'm frozen. I don't respond in the negative, I don't respond in the positive. I'm stuck. He takes my silence for acquiescence. He puts his hand on my cock. He wraps his fingers around my cock and begins to stroke. A hand that does not belong to me is stroking my cock. The feeling is extraordinary! I have never felt anything this pleasant. He continues to stroke while I watch the scene on the screen. I hear a buzzing like a ringing in the back of my head.

The ringing is getting louder. Now it happens, my eyes are slightly open and I see a rope of come rocket up past my chest and over my head landing in the row behind me! I continue to tremble and twitch as more ropes shoot upward onto my head and chest. I had never experienced an orgasm like this ever. After this I was just numb. The guy leaned over to me and said in my ear "Damn, I've never seen someone come like that." I had no reply. I looked at his cock and knew I had to finish this. I reached over and grabbed his cock. I was stunned. It was spongy yet rigid. Hard but soft. I wrapped my fingers around his shaft. I moved my hand up and marveled at how spongy the head was.

I was tired. I just had the most intense orgasm of my life, I'm still stoned, and now I'm rubbing some guy's cock. But for some reason I was determined to make this guy blow his load. I don't know why, but I wanted to see this man shoot his sperm all over my hand. I continued to manipulate his cock and I was fascinated. I completely put my attention into jerking this man off. I stroked up and down and occasionally stopped to massage his mushroom head. I noticed his breathing changing and figured he must be getting close.

He inhaled sharply and I tightened my grip just below his head. He grunted and I observed the first burst of semen from the tip. I continued to massage this cock as it spit glob after glob of cum. Mission accomplished! He sat there panting while my mind raced. What did I just do? I removed my hand from his cock. I brought it up to my face. Cum covered my hand and oozed between my fingers. The guy watched me examining my hand and smiled and gave me some tissues. He said he knew of a nearby hotel and wanted to go with me there. I said okay and for him to meet me out front in 10 minutes. He said okay and I got up to leave. I made it out through the front door, looked left then right and beat feet to my car. No way in hell was I going to a hotel...

I jumped into my car and drove straight home. As I entered my apartment, I glanced at my clock....11pm. I could not believe what had transpired over the last 2 hours. I knew I had to process all this. This was going to require some chemical enhancement. I contacted my go to guy, Bandit. He answered and I told him I needed a half ounce of weed. He said no problem and that he would be over in about a half hour. I straightened up the place a bit and waited. Soon a knock at the door signaled Bandit's arrival. I opened and he entered. Normally, he just hands me a bag and takes payment then goes. Tonight was different. He kinda hung around talking about this new weed. In my mind I thought he was going to try to pitch to me to sell me more of this new weed.

So, being the good host that I am, I offered him a beer. I got beers for both of us and we stood around making small talk. I figured he would chug his beer and be gone, but he sipped. He asked "Where you been"? I said "You wouldn't believe me if I told you". This really seemed to perk his interest. He sat down on the sofa. This surprised me. He has never sat down. He says "So what did you do"? Now I was stuck. I could lie, say nothing, or tell the truth. I opted for the truth. I told him I went to the Globe Theater. His eyebrows lifted. He said "I always wanted to go check that place out". We opened more beer and I rolled some joints. We continued to drink and smoke as I recounted the day's events. He was stunned. He said he always wanted to go to the Globe but was too scared to go. He said he thought the idea of guys jerking off together was kinky. I told him I never seen shit like that before. We continued to smoke and drink and talk about what happened. He seemed to be really into the conversation and asked a lot of questions.

Finally, he asked me if I liked jerking off another guy. I replied "I don't know, it just happened". He asked "Would you do it again"? I replied "I dunno". He said "You got any porn"? I said hell yeah. Immediately I knew where he was going with this....

Let me take a minute and give you descriptions. Bandit was about 5'10" tall, 165Lbs., Brown wavy thick hair. He had a light goatee, and a deep raspy voice. He was straight up hood. I was 5'7", 160 Lbs. Brown curly hair, green eyes, and light mustache. Bandit had a swimmers body, tall, thin, and not too muscular. I was was shorter but more muscular. We were both Latino.

So, that being said, lets continue. We continue to drink and smoke as I pull out my VHS collection of porn. I offer it to him so he can pick a flick. He chose a title "Double Dealing Piston Poppers" This was a compilation of porn stars doing everything imaginable. We sit side by side while watching the porn on my big screen TV. The smoke and weed have me buzzing really good now. Now we are both quiet and immersed in the flick. I look over and see him massaging a lump in his jeans. The living room is only lit by the TV and a small lamp. I can feel my own dick swelling up in my pants. I begin to massage my meat as I look over Bandit's way.

I notice his lump is getting bigger. He sits up and removes his Tee shirt. He reclines back into the sofa. He looks at me and says "It's getting warm in here." I smile and say "Make yourself as comfortable as you like. We are all friends here". He looks over at me and says "Really"? I reply "Sure". He smiles. Suddenly he stands up and begins to unbuckle his belt. He is facing the TV so I can only see 3/4ths of his body from the back. He lowers his jeans and I can see a tent formed in his underwear. He sits down next to me and begins to massage the lump in his underwear. I feel my senses becoming much sharper since I don't have all the distraction from the theater. I notice the smell of his cologne and notice it is very pleasant.

I feel my head swimming as my senses are overwhelmed by everything going on. I look over again and I am admiring that lump. I begin to wonder what it looks like. As if on cue, he lifts his midsection off the couch and slides his underwear down. I quickly look back at the TV screen. The chick on screen is getting all three holes stuffed. I can only imagine what that must feel like. I'm trying to not look over Bandit's way. He settles back down and I hear a sigh. That's all it took. I immediately fixed my eyes on his penis. I really don't have the words to express what I saw.

It was monstrous. Enormous. Gigantic. There, dangling down to just above his knee was the biggest cock I have ever seen. It wasn't even hard yet. It just hung there. I sipped more beer. He looked at me and said "You gonna strip?" I nodded and stripped everything off. There we sat, naked as the day we were born. We sat there getting high watching porn. After a short time he simply says "Wanna touch it?" I'm dumbstruck. He reaches over with his left hand and begins to massage my balls and cock. I focus on the wiry patch of pubic hair at the base of his cock. My eyes follow the contour of his cock to the tip. I'm amazed. The tip is perfectly mushroom shaped and even wider than the shaft. I feel my mouth water. I slowly reached out with my right hand. I placed my palm on top of his shaft which still laid flaccid between his legs.

I slowly wrapped my fingers around its girth; it was then that I realized I couldn't get my hand completely around it. This thing was mammoth. I lifted it up and was amazed by the weight of it. This beast was thick and heavy. I began to massage and knead it; I couldn't take my eyes off of it. I continued to massage it and could feel its tumescence grow. This thing was getting thicker and longer. As more blood flowed, I noticed the network of veins begin to expand all around it. Now its semi hard as I hold it up, the head still leans forward but isn't hanging down. It sways from left to right. It seems to be alive, like a snake. I grip it a little tighter and begin to move my hand up and down.

I feel it getting harder and more firm. I move my hand further up the shaft and grip it tightly again moving my hand up and down. He gives me a murmur of approval as I continue to stroke this beast. He continues to watch the video as he reaches full mast. I pause for a second to examine this fine piece of meat. This is a pole. It now stands fully erect with the massive head pointing straight up. I notice a clear liquid gathering at the head and use my finger to swirl it around the head. He is focused on the video and I adjust my position so I can have full access to this thing.

It is easily between 10" to 12" long and just slightly thinner than a beer can. I still cannot wrap my hand completely around it. I stare at the thick bulbous head and see another pearl of clear liquid form at the tip. Again I swirl the pre cum around the head. Okay, no more playing around. I want to see this thing squirt. I begin to stroke with much more fervor. As I grip tighter and stroke faster his breathing is becoming more rapid. He holds his gaze on the TV. I slow my strokes down and keep my grip the same just more deliberate. I can feel the shaft that runs under his cock throbbing. My cock is rock hard and painfully erect. By now the pre cum is freely seeping from the head. I'm stroking for all I'm worth as he takes in a deep breath and holds it. This is it! I think as he grunts.

I stretch the skin of his penis down making it real tight around the head. My eyes are fixed on the thick head. He growls as I see the slit on his cock head open. Here it comes....A jet of white semen erupts from the slit a thick white rope of cum is forcefully ejected followed by multiple spurts of white come. I can't believe this shit. I keep stroking and he keeps spurting. It seems never ending. He's gasping and I'm stroking as we begin to slow down. I move my hand to the base and squeegee the come to the tip where a small dollop seeps from the head. I remove my hand which is now covered in his jizz. He is panting with his eyes closed as I bring my hand to my face.

I'm fascinated by the come. I want to open my mouth and taste the cream but I don't. I don't understand what I'm doing or thinking. I've never been interested in males or bodily fluids yet here I am actively involved in sexual activity with a dude. Bandit looks over at me and smiles. I give him a weak smile back. His cock is beginning to deflate and reaches that snake like state from earlier. I look at the head and see a drip hanging by a strand from the tip. My brain is telling me to use my tongue and lick it up. But I don't. Instead I extend my finger and catch the dangling drop and wipe it from his head. As Bandit's penis continues to deflate he suddenly rolls over so he is kneeling on the floor facing me. Without a moment's hesitation he dives down and engulfs my cock. He sucks me straight down to my root.

He begins to suck hard as he begins to bob his head up and down. In my excited state it only took a minute before I started blasting the back of his throat with cum. He never missed a drop. He continued to suck until he was certain there was nothing left. My head was spinning. He stood up cock dangling and began to pull up his underwear. He then stuffed his cock into his underwear and pulls up his jeans. As he is buckling his belt I pull up my underwear. He looks at me and smiles. He says "That was nice". We sip some more beer and he says he's got deliveries to make. As he leaves he says "See you soon" I just smile. I close my door and lock it. The porn flick is still playing. I hit stop and the regular channel is playing.

I sit down on the couch. My buzz is fading. I begin to think about what just happened. Holeeee Fuck! I just jerked off the biggest dick I have ever seen. I just got my dick sucked by a guy! Not just any guy, but by a friend. A friend I've known for over 5 years. Bandit always seemed like a straight guy. Wow. I lay back into the sofa and drift off to sleep. I'm spent.

I wake up the next morning with flashbacks of the previous night's events. I clear my mind and decide to take a shower and wash up. The rest of the weekend is uneventful. I lay low for the rest of the weekend. I gotta process this shit. Damn..
