 So there we sat me in my robe and him in his underwear. He had a sly smile on his face. I looked at him and asked "What?" 

His sly smile grew bigger. He said "I never would have thought you'd be the cocksucking type." He continued, "You really seemed to be into what just went down." I blushed. He asked "So, we gonna make this a regular thing?" Now it was my turn to smile.

We sipped our beers as he began to dress. As he finished dressing he reached into his pocket and tossed a ½ ounce of weed onto the living room table. As he walked out the door he said "Next week I'll bring you something special." And with that he departed. I locked the door and sat down on the sofa. The porn flick was still playing. I closed my eyes and sipped some more beer. Holy shit. I just sucked cock and took a load on my face and in my mouth. I was definitely in uncharted waters. As I opened my eyes, I could see all the come on the table and the floor. I was awed. In my mind I replayed the night's events. The feel of that spongy head sliding over my tongue, the feel of that oyster like mass sliding down my throat...I could feel my cock stiffening. 

It's Monday and the work week has begun. As the day progresses I can't keep my mind off Bandit's cock. The weight of it, the smell of it, the taste of it. The week rolls on mostly uneventful except for those memories of what happened last Friday drifting through my mind. Wednesday arrives and I begin to look forward to Friday. He said he would bring me a surprise. I wondered what it could be. My thoughts also returned to the Globe Theater. What other things go on there? I'm still curious to explore what other secrets it holds.

Friday arrives and I'm all but crawling out of my skin. I opt out of going to the theater tonight. I'm too anxious to see what Bandit has in store for tonight. I'm anxious to taste cock this Friday. I feel like a kid on Christmas eve. I've got some unwrapping to do. 5pm finally arrives! I clock out from work and speed home. I change into shorts and a T shirt. I begin to clean the apartment. I check on supplies. I'm low on beer. Need to get some beer and munchies too. I'm done around 6pm and decide to shower up. I pay special attention to my cock, balls, and ass. I want to make sure his playground is clean and fresh. I decide to take a nap. I slide between the sheets and settle in. 

I begin to dream about that magnificent piece of meat. I drift into a deep sleep. As I continue to sleep I hear a banging sound far far away. As consciousness grows I realize the banging is not a dream. I struggle awake and realize the banging is someone knocking at my door. What the fuck? What time is it? I glance at my clock and see it is 11pm. Oh damn! I think, I've been dead asleep all this time. I open the door and there is Bandit standing outside. I step to the side and he walks in. He looks at me and asks if I'm allright. I say yeah, that I just woke up. He gives me a sly smile again as if to say he knows something I don't. 

I grab beers and roll some weed. He sits down and gets comfortable by taking off his sneakers. I'm still in shorts and a T. I pull out the porn collection and wave my hand over it for him to select a video. Again he just smiles. He picks one and hands it to me. I put it in the VCR and press play. He has brought a little knapsack with him this visit. I'm curious. He puts the bag on the table and begins to rummage through it. I grab some beers from the kitchen. He pulls out a red cylinder about 3 inches tall and 3 inches wide. I have no idea what this is. He unscrews the top and I see a metal mesh inside. He reaches into his bag and pulls out a clear zip lock bag about the size of my hand. It's filled with a white/yellow powder. He pulls another zip lock bag out of his knapsack. My curiosity is piqued.

"What is that?" I ask. YaYo he responds. I start to ask what YaYo is but I stop myself and just watch. He pulls out a plastic spoon from his bag and scoops about six spoonfulls of the white/yellow powder into the red cylinder. As he is doing this he asks "Did you like sucking my dick last week"?

I say yes. He says, "Then you're really going to love sucking it with this..." He takes two spoonfulls of the white powder from the other bag and puts it in the cylinder too. He screws the top back on and stops to take a swig of beer. He pulls a little crank from his bag and attaches it to the top of the cylinder. He begins to turn it like he is grinding coffee. He grinds this for a few minutes then unscrews the bottom. There is a fine white powder in the bottom part. 

He says "It's called a deering. It mixes and grinds cocaine" Ohhh...I say. He asks if I ever tried coke. I said No, never. He says "This is your surprise". He says "Stick out your tongue". I stick it out and he licks his finger and presses it into the powder. He takes his powdered finger and places the fingertip onto my tongue. He says "Taste" I do. Immediately I taste a bitter acrid flavor on my tongue. He dips his finger back into the powder and presses his fingers onto my lips. He says "Lick" I comply and lick my lips. Again the bitter taste. I reach for my beer to wash away the taste. He stops me and says "Wait". I put the beer down. He dips his finger in the powder again and smears the powder onto his lips and tongue. I run my tongue over my teeth and continue to taste that bitter acrid taste. I run my tongue over my lips and notice something peculiar. 

My lips and tongue are numb. How strange. I continue to lick my lips and run my tongue over my teeth. Bandit looks at me and asks "You feel it"? I nod my head yes. He takes a swig of his beer. I figure it must be okay to drink my beer now. I take a sip and notice I barely feel it rolling past my tongue. I smile enjoying this new sensation. He reaches toward the table and opens my stash were I hide my pot and rolling paper. I already have some rolled joints and point towards them but he ignores me. He sprinkles some weed onto the paper then grabs the spoon and scoops up some of the coke. He sprinkles the coke onto the weed and rolls a joint. He says "You're gonna like this". He lights the joint takes a few hits and offers it to me. I'm hesitant but he just smiles at me. I take the joint and inhale the smoke. I hold it for a minute then exhale. The smoke comes out of my mouth thick and white. I feel a strange rush come over me. I puff on it again. I can feel my heart beat increase. My head is beginning to feel hollow. I hand the joint back to him. I chug some more beer. 

He reaches into his knapsack and pulls out a small hand mirror, a credit card, and a small straw. He scoops some of the powder out of the cylinder and begins to form it into four lines on the mirror. He takes the straw and says "Watch me". I've already got a nice buzz going. I'm amazed how fast this buzz came on. Must be the coke, I thought to myself. I watch as Bandit puts the straw in one nostril and pinches the other. He leans over the mirror sharply inhales as he drags the straw up the line. The coke disappears into the straw and up his nose I presumed. 

He proceeded to snort the second line. He closed his eyes. He opened them and held the mirror out to me. I looked at it and then at him. He could see the hesitation in my eyes and began to withdraw the mirror. I held up my hand as if to stop him. I picked up the straw. He smiled. I trusted him. I put the straw in my nostril and pinched the other as he had done. I leaned over the mirror and snorted the line. Immediately I felt a stinging sensation in my sinus. I winced. Bandit just smiled and reassured me I would come to enjoy the feeling. I glanced his way and snorted the second line. After a minute I tasted that acrid taste in the back of my throat. Every time I swallowed I could taste that acridness. We smoked the rest of the coke/weed joint and drank beer. Bandit chopped up more lines on the mirror. He did half the lines and handed me the straw. I did not hesitate and snorted the lines. 

The same burning sensation followed. We watched the porn for a bit and Bandit got up and began to remove his clothing. He was down to his underwear as I said to myself, Allright, this party is getting started. Then he just sat back down. He chopped up more lines and snorted. He did half then handed me the straw. I didn't hesitate and snorted the lines. I really didn't feel anything different. We drank and smoked some more. The video showed a white woman attending to many black cocks. 

I reached out with my hand and began to massage his shaft through his underwear. He put his hand on mine and said "Not yet". I withdrew my hand. He chopped up more lines and we snorted and smoked and drank some more. I reached up and touched my face. I realized my entire face was numbed. I was delighted by the feeling. He asked me how I was feeling. I told him my face was numb. He laughed and said that I would feel it soon. I sat back on the sofa and continued to watch the porn. Soon, Bandit placed his arm over my shoulder. 

He pulled me over closer to him and then pushed my head down on to his lap just above his penis. He massaged my head as I looked first at his lump and then the TV. After a while He sat me back up as he prepared more lines. He snorted then I followed. This time my eyes rolled up in my head and I felt a strange rush surge through my body. Bandit noticed my reaction and said "Now you're ready..." He stood up. He pulled his underwear off. His cock was barely hard. It hung down swaying just above his knees. I felt a hunger. A strong desire to put that meat into my mouth. I slid my body off the sofa and sat just between his legs. I looked up and saw that fat mushroom head hanging down above me. I rose up and engulfed that head with my mouth. I began to draw it into my mouth. As the head slid over my tongue I slurped it further into my mouth.

He was still soft, but I could feel it thickening. I began to open my mouth wider and could feel the head begin to reach the start of my throat. I slid it back out and back in. He was now half hard. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and it still pointed downward. Bandit reached over to the table and scooped out some coke with the spoon. He held his cock up with his other hand and dumped the spoonful of coke onto the top of his cock head. He looked at me and said "Suck" Without a second thought I opened my mouth and slid that meat into my mouth careful to not spill any of the coke sitting on top of it. Once inside, I swirled my tongue around the head. I could feel the grit of the coke crystals as it mixed with my saliva around his cock head. My mouth became numb. This was magnificent. I became really excited and sucked with more vigor. Bandit moaned and fed me more cock. 

I felt strange. Powerful. I felt his cockhead near the back of my throat. I felt like I could suck his entire cock down my throat. To my regret I tried. As soon as his cock hit my throat I started to choke and gag. Bandit pulled his cock from my mouth as I retched and dry heaved. Bandit chuckled and said "Easy..." He sat back down and handed me my beer as I coughed and sputtered. He began to chop out more lines as his cocked dripped with my saliva. After a few sips of beer I began to settle down. He snorted four lines and gave me four lines. He reclined on the sofa and stroked his meat while watching the porn. He then spooned more coke onto his cock head and said "Here's some more" I crawled over to him and kneeled between his legs. 

Remembering what this felt like the first time, I opened my mouth again and wrapped my lips around his head. Again I swirled my tongue around his mushroom cap and felt the grit of the coke as it dissolved on his cock and my tongue. My head was swimming. I was beyond my usual buzz. This was a totally different kind of high. I felt animal. Primal. I wanted to feast on this tube steak. With a lust I have never felt before I sucked like a fiend. His dick continued to harden and was soon at full mast. He groaned. I bobbed my head up and down on his cock while I stroked the base. 

The dick sucking continued for a while and he showed no signs of coming. But I was determined and wasn't fatigued at all. Bandit pulled me off his cock and pulled down my shorts and removed my T shirt. He chopped out 8 more lines. He snorted his 4 and gave me the mirror. Once I snorted the coke I waited for the rush. As the rush washed over me, Bandit leaned over the table and told me to take a scoop of coke and place it on his asshole as he held his cheeks apart. 

I took the spoon and scooped the coke onto his asshole. He looked back at me and said "Lick." I knelt down behind him and smeared the coke over his asshole with my tongue. He lifted his ass higher and spread his cheeks further. He said "Put some more coke on my asshole and lick it". I took a spoonful and dumped it directly on his asshole. I stopped for a second so I could take a good look at what was going on. Resting directly on his moist asshole was a small mound of coke. I knew what was to come next. Lick, I thought. I leaned forward and placed my hands on his cheeks. He removed his hands and placed them on the table. He leaned forward as I spread his cheeks apart.

I stuck my tongue out and flattened it against his asshole. I pushed hard with my tongue and managed to shove some of the coke crystals into his ass past his sphincter. I pulled my tongue back into my mouth and let the saliva flow over it. I pushed my tongue out back into his asshole. He let out a pretty loud groan. I then proceeded to tongue his ass and lick his ring. With one hand I reached under his balls and grabbed his pole. It was rock hard. I felt like an iron bar. I started to jerk him as I licked his ass. He was oozing precome like a fountain. It was everywhere. I kept licking and jerking. My God, I was over excited. After a while, bandit stood up. He looked at me with lust. He motioned for me to assume the position. He bent me over the table and began to saw his cock between my cheeks. 

He used his precome to moisten my asshole. He stopped to dip his finger into the bowl of coke. He took his powdered finger and placed it on the rim of my asshole as he began to push it into my ass. I could feel the crystals as they dug into my ass ring. He placed his finger in his mouth and licked off any residue. Suddenly I felt his tongue squeeze into my asshole. Oh God! This was magnificent. My cock sprang to life. In an instant my cock was rock hard. He continued to dig his tongue into my ass as I swooned. I could feel precome oozing out of my cock. Bandit reached under my balls and stroked my cock. I was starting to see stars. Bandit reached out and put more coke on his finger. This time he told me to push out with my ass ring. He stroked my cock as he shoved his coke coated finger into my ass. 

He started moving it around deep in my ass. I could feel the coke crystals scratching around inside my ass. This felt so good. He curled his finger inside my ass like he was trying to touch my balls from the inside. Suddenly he hit something. Something deep inside me. I could feel my knees about to buckle. I heard a moaning sound before I realized the moaning was me. As he massaged what I later learned was my prostate, a BIG drop of come or precome spewed forth from my cock. He smeared it all over my cockhead and continued to jerk. Between the jerking and the prostate massage and the coke, I was done. I made a strangled like sound. I looked down and saw my cock expand. Suddenly a stream of come shot from my cock. This was no ordinary shot of come. 

It kept going. This shot of come wasn't stopping. I literally pissed come. One long continuous rope of jizz spewed from my cock. I saw multi colored stars. I fell forward onto the table. I couldn't speak or move. My body shuddered with involuntary convulsions. Sperm kept shooting from my balls. When it was over I was drained. I mean really drained. My balls ached. I was empty. I laid there on the table trying to breathe. I could feel Bandit sliding his cock back and forth over my asshole. 

He removed his finger from my ass and held my cheeks apart with both hands. He chuckles to himself, and says "Papi, you allright?" I can only wheeze. He slows his grinding on my ass and rubs my back. 

My head and heart are both pounding. I slide off the table onto my knees. I hold my hand out and he gives me my beer. I fill my mouth with beer and swallow. I crawl/drag myself over to the sofa. I rest my upper body on the seat while my lower body remains on the carpet. Bandit is sitting back on the sofa and is massaging his fat meat. It's semi hard. He's rubbing my head and neck. 

I'm wrung out. I feel sated in almost every way. I'm content. I slide up the sofa and lay my head on his hip. He continues to massage my head, neck, shoulder. His touch feels so comforting. I feel safe. For a few seconds I drift off. I open my eyes and can feel him still stroking his meat as he massages me. I sit up and wrap my hand around the base of his cock. He removes his hand. I begin to stroke his manhood. I lower my mouth onto that super-sized head. I slide off the sofa and crawl between his legs. He pulls his cock up against his belly and I realize he wants me to lick his balls. 

I slide under and begin to suck one nut then the other into my mouth. I continue to lick his nut sack and his taint. He taps me on the head and says "Hold up". He licks two of his fingers and dips them into the coke. He smears the powder onto his moist balls. He dips his two fingers back into the bowl and slides his ass to the edge of the sofa. He pulls his legs up and I can see his asshole. He rubs the coke into and onto his rosebud. I take my cue. I lick his fingers clean and dive into his balls. I lick and swirl them with my tongue. I dive down further and begin to tongue his ass. I shove my tongue deep into his ass. I have truly grown to like that acrid taste of the coke. I can taste it every time I swallow. 

After a while Bandit stands up. I think to myself, okay, now it gets serious. And boy does it. Bandit grabs both sides of my head with his hands. He guides that pipe into my mouth. At first he's gentle. But that soon changes. He becomes more insistent as he shoves his cock into my mouth. Soon he is hitting the back of my throat. Strangely, I'm not gagging like last week. I feel his cock against the back of my throat. It dawns on me that the coke must have numbed my throat including my gag reflex. He pulls out slightly and I use the moment to swallow more of the coke saliva mixture dripping down from my sinus. He slides that massive helmet back into my throat. I inhale deeply through my nose. I concentrate and tell myself to go ahead and swallow. 

He's forcing his cock head hard against the back of throat. As I begin to swallow I feel his fat mushroom cap push my throat wider. He's pushing hard into my throat. Suddenly as I'm trying to swallow his head he pushes past my throat ring. I feel it slide down my gullet. With no further ado, he continues to slide that meat down my throat. He raises his voice as he says "YES"! His cock continues its journey down my throat. I feel his cock head somewhere near larynx. He continues to push in until my nose is rubbing against his belly. He groans deeply and I feel my throat spasming and convulsing around his cock. I'm masturbating him with my throat, I think to myself. Holy shit I think to myself. I have this man's entire cock down my throat. He begins to pull back until his head is resting on my tongue. 

I have tears running down my face and snot running from my nose. I pull his cock out of my mouth and grab my T shirt to wipe my tears away and blow my nose. He grabs me under my jaw and says "C'mon" I open my mouth wide and the process begins again. This time, I know what to expect. We begin again until his fat cock is embedded in my throat. He gets mean. He basically skull fucks me while I figure out a breathing rhythm. His balls are slapping my chin every time he bottoms out. I think about that joke I used to say about certain women having more balls bounced off their chin than Johnny Bench. I smile inside. He places one foot on the table and proceeds to fuck the shit out my mouth. He is grunting like an animal. He pulls his cock out long enough for me to catch a breath. Then he slides it right back down my gullet. He lets out a loud "Ahhhrr!!" and I feel his cock swell deep in my throat and pulse. Bandit grunts "Unh, Unh, Unh" every time his cock spasms and squirts sweet delicious come. 
