 Saturday

I slept most of the day recovering from my night with Bandit. My throat was raw from all the deep throating I had done. I got out of bed and grabbed a beer to cool my throat. It felt really good as the cold beer slid down my throat. I checked my stash and saw the ½ a kilo, the deering, and the spoon as well as my weed and rolling papers. I smiled. The mirror was on the table. It never ceased to amaze me how generous Bandit was with his supplies. 

I snorted a couple of spoonfulls from what was left in the deering. In a few minutes I felt energized. I proceeded to clean up my apartment. In what seemed like minutes my apartment was sanitized! Bathroom, bedroom, kitchen, and living room were ultra clean. I ate some food and drank some beer along with some weed. I prepared my clothes for the following week.

Monday arrived and so did another mundane week of work. I snuck in a little toot here and there during the work week. I accomplished more work than usual and attributed it to the coke. Wednesday arrived and after completing a day of work I returned home. It was about 10pm when a knock at the door startled me. NO ONE ever came to visit during the week. I was nervous as I opened the door. It was Bandit! I was shocked. I silently prayed he wasn't here for some action. There was no way I could handle one of his assaults without two days to recover.

I opened the door and stepped to the side to allow him to enter. He smiled at me and asked how I was doing. I said fine. He could see the puzzled look on my face. He smiled and said, "I'm not here for that." I breathed a sigh of relief. He placed a heavy knapsack on the table and asked if I could hold onto it for him. I said "No problem" He thanked me and got up to leave. Before he left he said he would have another surprise for me on Friday. I walked him to the door and he said he would see me Friday.

I picked up the bag to put it in the closet. First thing I noticed was its extraordinary weight. Curiosity got the best of me and I decided to open the bag. I pulled out several handguns along with extra magazines! I continued to delve into the bag. Next I found a ton of cash. I estimated about $50,000 in cash. Next I found 4 kilos of cocaine out of the bag! Aww shit, I thought. I just became an accessory to narcotics trafficking. I immediately put all the stuff back in the bag and zipped it up. I pushed it deep into the back of my closet. I was scared. No matter how much I loved his cock, he was a stone cold drug dealer.

Continued my work week as usual but I was nervous as hell. I laid off the YaYo in the stash. I was nervous enough. Finally Friday. I came home and tried to nap but I couldn't settle down. I proceeded to clean instead. I smoked some weed and drank some beer. I laid off the coke. By 11pm I had a good buzz going. Then the knock at the door. I prayed it wasn't the cops. As I opened the door I saw Bandit standing there. I looked around and didn't see any cops. Relieved, I stepped to the side. As he entered, I noticed he had a travel bag with him.

I thought "Was this guy planning on moving in?" He smiled and sat on the sofa. I grabbed some beer and rolled several joints. I asked what the bag was for. He said it's your surprise! I smiled back. I was actually beginning to enjoy these surprises.

He placed the bag on the table. We smoked and drank a bit before addressing the bag. I asked, "What's in the bag?" He said "Watch" He unzipped the bag and flipped up the top. He pulled out a Gillette Mach 3 razor. He asked me to get two large bath towels. I went to the linen closet and retrieved two large fluffy white towels. I sat back down confused. He placed a small blue pill on the table and told me to swallow it. I hesitated. He said, "It will relax you" I've trusted him this far so I took the pill. We sat and drank and smoked some more. I started to feel a nice relaxed state cone over me. 

I finally asked, "What's the razor for?" 

He said, "We're going to shave" He then asked me to run a hot bath. I got up and started the bath. I returned to living room to find Bandit stripped and wrapped in a towel. He told me to strip and grab the other towel. I wrapped it around my waist and we both proceeded to the bathroom. Bandit grabbed my towel and told me to hop in. I got in and the hot water relaxed me further. He handed me the razor. He had a can of Edge Gel in his other hand. He said, "You need to shave" He sprayed some foam onto my hand. I began to lather my face.

He smiled at me and said "Everything" I looked at him puzzled. He sprayed some foam onto his hand and lathered up my head. Now I understood. He was gonna shave me completely bald. He shucked his towel and I immediately zeroed in on his massive cock. His thick cock swung from side to side as he climbed into the tub. He climbed in behind me and had me lean back. I felt his cock resting against my back. He took the razor from me and proceeded to shave my head. I felt so relaxed. I was in a dreamlike state as the razor passed over my head. He then shaved my face. 

He then had me turn around so we could face each other. He continued to shave my arms and chest. He had me turn around again so he could shave my back. He told me to stand and bend over. I complied and he had me spread my ass cheeks so could shave my asshole and the rest of my butt. As he manipulated my ass I could feel my dick coming to life. He told me to turn around and he proceeded to shave my cock and balls. As he handled my cock I could feel myself growing to full hardness. I was at full mast when he started to shave the front of my legs. He had me turn around and he shaved the back of my legs. He took a wash cloth and wiped down my entire body. 

I was shorn like a lamb. The only hair left on me was my eyebrows. I was completely hairless. It felt weird. He drained the tub and proceeded to refill it with hot water. He handed me the shaving cream and razor. He stood up and instructed me to shave his ass, cock, and balls. I had him turn around and bend over. He grabbed his cheeks and I lathered him up. I shaved his asshole gently and his ass as well. Once finished he turned and faced me still standing. His cock was at half-mast and I eagerly lathered his groin. I stroked his cock for a bit and as always was amazed by its weight. I shaved all around his cock and began to work on his balls. By now he had a massive hard on. I stroked his cock whenever I had a free hand. I finished his cock and wiped it down with a washcloth. 

He drained the tub and turned on the shower. The hot water ran over us and he had me bend over holding the shower wall. He proceeded to wipe his cock up and down my asscrack. He positioned his helmet against my rosebud and began to push but did not try to penetrate me. I was very nervous because I think secretly I wanted him to stuff me with that cock but I did not think I could actually take without a trip to the hospital. After a while he had me turn around and kneel. He began to rub his cock and balls over my bald head. I totally loved this feeling. I held my mouth open and my tongue out. He stepped back and his cockhead fell into my mouth. 

I wrapped my tongue around the massive head and began to slurp. I sucked on his cock for a short time before he pulled out and offered his balls. I sucked and rolled those lemon sized orbs around in my mouth. Bandit sighed and shook. He turned around and offered his ass to my tender mercies. I licked all around his starfish and then plunged my tongue inside. I took some soap and lathered to fingers and inserted them into his rectum. He gave a deep moan. I pushed my soapy fingers in and out of his ass. I rinsed them off and reinserted them several times to make sure I got all the soap out. He pulled me up and made sure we were both rinsed off. We got out of the shower and he gently toweled me off. We wrapped ourselves in our towels and proceeded back to the living room.

I placed the gay video in the vcr and hit play. Bandit smiled at me. We drank some more and smoked some weed. I felt very relaxed. Bandit began to remove items from the bag. I was curious as to what the hell he could have brought. He proceeded to pull out a pair of red heels. I lifted an eyebrow. Then came the white thigh high stockings followed by a pair of white thong panties. He removed some kind of white corset followed by a makeup kit. I looked at him and said "You can't be serious..." He was stone faced and replied "Get dressed" 

Up to now I had never feared Bandit, but something inside me said not to piss this large man off. I smiled meekly and began to pull on the stockings. I then put the white panties on and the the thong slid up my ass cheeks. They were cut high on the hips. Next I started to put on the corset and Bandit did the hooks on the back. Next he handed me the makeup kit. I looked at him shaking my head. Not so much saying no but saying "I don't know how to do this" Bandit looked at me menacingly for minute until he realized what I was not saying. He grinned at me and said to wait. He pulled out his phone and pulled up You Tube. He searched "How to apply makeup" Together we watched a tutorial. 

He then began to apply a dark rose colored eye shadow to my eyelids. He then penciled my eyebrows. He then painted my fingernails a dark red. I applied mascara to my eyelashes. Then I applied a dark red lipstick. Finally I placed the heels on feet. They fit! I was completely dolled up. I felt a wave of embarrassment come over me. Bandit loved it. I felt completely emasculated and humiliated. Bandit stood up and offered me his hand. By then my nails had dried and I took his hand. I stood up, a little wobbly at first. I've never worn heels before.

He helped me to walk around the living room for a bit. As we continued to walk I began to gain some confidence. Bandit asked me if I had a full length mirror. I said I did in my bedroom. He helped me walk/wobble to the bedroom. When I saw myself I was in a state of shock! The person looking back at me was not me. This was some fuck tart I had never seen before. My legs looked so sexy, and my ass stood out. My eyes and my mouth completely changed my look. My eyes are naturally light green almost yellow. With that make up though, I looked dazzling. I struck several poses and Bandit looked on with a broad smile. It brought such a joy to my heart to see this man happy.