 The week passed relatively quickly. Our final internship had come to an end and in less than a week, Ken and I would be off to take the test. The test that would determine our jobs for the rest of our lives. School however, was the last thing on my mind. My thoughts were occupied with one thing and one thing only; my apology to Taron. 

I hadn't heard anything from Taron, let alone seen him for the entire week, not that we bump into each other very often. What little information I got regarding the elite was conveyed from Alena, who hadn't been all too subtle with her attempts at getting me to talk about what happened. It became a daily thing where she would ask me when I was going to speak to Taron, and I always gave the same reply, "When I'm ready."

From what I could gather from Alena, it seemed that Taron has slowly been returning to his usual self. According to her, he was no longer in his silent bouts and seemed to be going about life as per normal. She did mention however, that he seemed a little irritable as of late, something I was sure was no coincidence. I mean, I expected him to be angry first before anything else. The news at least put my mind somewhat at ease. Angry Taron, I could somehow endure. Broken Taron? Not so much. 

It was Friday, one whole week after 'The Event' as I like to call it now. Even with the amount of pacing I had done, the amount of brain cells I had committed to my planned speech I was going to give to Taron, I was still no where near ready to confront him. I was being a douche I know, seeing that if anyone should have had an issue talking to the other it should have been him and not me, but still.

Because of that fact however, I found myself sitting in a hovercar on our way to the Lunaris Research Centre, the place where Ken usually spends his Friday evenings. My usual trip to the gym is, as you'd have probably guess, been put on hold seeing that I was avoiding Taron. It wasn't that we'd always bump into one another at the gym, but the probability was definitely higher. Better to play safe. So, there we were, Ken, Alena and I, heading to one of the most boring places on Lunaris, to me at least. 

"What are you going to do there though? It's not like you like that kind of stuff?" Ken asked. He knew why I wasn't heading to the gym, but he couldn't understand why I was tagging along. To him, it seemed only logical that I would have rather spent my time at home rather than wandering the halls of the Research Centre, especially on a Friday night. 

"Thought I'd just walk around. A change of scenery is nice," I said. 

"We can always drop Ken off and you and I can hang," Alena suggested. Yeah that was what she would have loved, more time to question and berate me. At her suggestion however, Ken shot her a betrayed look. 

"But...but...you said you were gonna help me tonight?" He stuttered, not believing that Alena had simply brushed aside their plans in lieu of something else. 

"I was just—"

"No, it's fine," I interjected. "You guys can go do whatever sciencey thing. I'll be fine. Like as if you both don't know, it doesn't take a lot to keep me occupied."

"That's an understatement," Ken quipped. 

"Watch it lil' bro."

"Six minutes man. You're only older by six minutes," he cried out, making both me and Alena laugh. 

So that's how I found myself strolling down the corridors of the research centre on a Friday evening. Ken had dragged Alena off to do whatever it is that he had planned to do and I was once again left alone. As I walked through the sterile halls, I would stop ever so often, staring into one of the many labs that were housed in the complex. 

I wasn't a science guy, but I could definitely appreciate the work that went into it. I could also see why Ken was so fascinated by the place. As I walked from window to window, looking into the white washed labs I passed, so many of them looked familiar and yet different at the same time. 

There were plant cell tech labs filled with plant life, a genetics lab with rows upon rows of small plastic containers, a cell culture lab with its big flow hoods and culture flasks. Almost every kind of lab known to man could be found here and I could understand why Ken could spend hours here, jumping from one lab to the next, helping any elite scientist who wanted an extra pair of hands. 

I think I spent close to an hour roaming the place, watching scientist work through the glass. Most of them were elites, but I could spot a few natals among them. I smiled, knowing that Ken would probably be one of those guys in a week or so. This was one of the jobs on Lunaris where the number of elites outnumbered the natals. It was so common for a workplace to have more natals, it might be a little disconcerting to someone who was new to it all. Ken would fit right in though; he'd been here for close to two years. 

I carried on, turning into a hallway with doors lining each side. I stopped at the first and read the tag on the door. "Peter Rizen, Head biologist." I turned to the next. "Eva Fischer, Physics Lab Supervisor." Figuring that the rooms were the offices of the elite researchers, I carried on without reading the rest. It's not like I needed to know whose offices these belonged to. 

I was halfway down the hall when I felt a hand descend onto my mouth, muffling the surprised gasp I had let out. Before I could even process whatever was happening, an arm was around my chest, pulling me backwards. Self preservation kicked in and I struggled to get free, but the arms that held me were strong and resisted my every move. I kicked and thrashed, all in a lame attempt to regain control of my body. 

"Stop struggling," the voice whispered into my ear, his tone threatening. I froze immediately, not because of the command in the voice, but who that voice belonged to. 

Taron.

He continued to pull me back, making a sharp right. I was pulled into a dark room, the door closing behind me. Next thing I knew, Taron's hand left my mouth, his arm uncoiled from my chest, and I was roughly spun around. I only caught a glimpse of his furious expression before his fist clenched the front of my shirt and forcefully pushed me against the door. 

I felt the air leave my lungs from the impact, but my eyes were glued to Taron's angry face. His eyebrows were furrowed, green eyes stared back at me with death in them, jaws clenched tight as he battled with his rage. I knew this was the time to talk things out, whether I was ready or not, this had to happen. 

"Taron I—" I started but was abruptly cut off. 

"Shut up. You don't get to talk," he growled, adding a shove for added effect. I visibly gulped. Not going to lie, I was slightly terrified at that moment. Taron looked positively murderous and all of his rage was directed at me. "You," he punctuated, bringing me forward and slamming me back against the door. "Are." Slam. "Such." Slam. "An asshole," he finished, slamming me one last time against the door. 

Whatever speech I had rehearsed in my head left me, completely going blank. I had no explanation, no reason for why I had done what I had. Only one thing rang continuously in my head. "I'm sorry," I choked out.

"What did I say about not talking?" he glared and I immediately shut up. "You are such an asshole. I've already said that but I don't care. You are. Like what the fuck, Branson? What the fuck did I ever do to you? I mean I know I'm not exactly the nicest person to you but seriously, what the fuck did I ever do to you?" I stared at him, not uttering a word. "Well? Say something?"

"I thought I wasn't supposed to talk," I squeaked out. 

"Oh my god, you're infuriating. Tell me, now. What did I do to you?"

"No...nothing. You didn't do anything. I am completely in the wrong and you have every right to be mad at me." 

"Newsflash genius, I am." I felt his fist clench tighter on my shirt. "So that's you're excuse, that I didn't do anything and you're in the wrong?" I nodded at him. "So why the fuck did Will Harrison pay me a visit? Huh? Mentioning that an anonymous natal has highlighted to him that I had a case of 'elite superiority'?" 

My eyes went wide. "No! I didn't say that."

"Right. I'm assuming it's another natal I know. You're brother? Stop lying to me Branson." He growled, moving his face closer to mine.

"I swear, I didn't say anything like that. He's just assuming. I...I didn't mean to...to take advantage of you." I said, the words spilling from me without thought. How I diverted to the topic of 'the event' I would never know. I think it's just my subconscious need to apologize. 

"Thanks for reminding me about that," he said, slamming me against the door again but let go of my shirt. "What the fuck was that about?"

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I have no excuse," I said, dropping my head in shame. 

"Ugh. You are such an asshole," he repeated once again, turning away from me.

"I know," I whispered. Taron apparently hadn't heard me because he continued talking like I hadn't said anything. 

"I mean c'mon man, you just left me there. Just disappeared without a word. How was I supposed to take that?"

"I panicked. I couldn't believe what I had done. I...I didn't know what to say to you," I said, louder this time so he heard me. He turned around and frowned at me. 

"You didn't know what to say? Oh wow, for a second there I thought you weren't a total douche bag," he said, sarcasm dripping from his words. "So you decided that, 'hey since I don't have the words, I'll just go away and maybe he'll forget all about it'. Is that it?" he asked, poking me in the chest. 

"No, I—"

"Did you ever stop to think that maybe you didn't need to say anything? Huh? Quite frankly I wasn't in the mood for talking either," he said. I remembered how I had tried to say something and he had put a hand up to silence me. 

"Well what did you want me to do then?" I asked. "I had gone too far. What was I supposed to do?"

"Exactly! You had already gone all the way. What was a little thing like a kiss compared to what you did?"

"What the fuck are you talking about?" I asked, not hearing the part about a kiss. 

He rolled his eyes. "Oh god, you really are stupid," he said. I was about to retort when my train of thought was interrupted. In less than a second, one of Taron's hands had shot to the back of my head, pulling me towards him. Everything moved so fast I couldn't even comprehend what was happening. 

That was when I felt it; the pressure against my lips. The warmth of his mouth on mine was a shock to my system. My eyes shot wide open, staring at Taron's face mere millimeters from mine. His eyes were closed but his brows were pulled towards his nose, his frustration still seeping through. My body was frozen, my brain capacity too occupied deciphering what was happening to do anything else. 

I felt his other hand snake its way around my waist, coming to rest at the small of my back, rubbing circles against my skin. The sensation, like flipping a switch, made my body immediately relax. I found my eyes closing and my lips moving gently against his. The hand at the back of my head slid forwards, coming to rest against my cheek as I felt his tongue brush against my lower lip. The warmth of his hand on my cheek, made my mouth open on reflex. I couldn't help the moan that escaped when his tongue brushed against mine, which only spurred him on more. 

The kiss grew deeper, each of us sucking on one another's lips. I was on cloud nine at that moment, never having experienced a kiss quite like this before. My body now on autopilot, my arms wrapped themselves around his torso, pulling him closer to me if that was even possible. 

Eventually, we broke apart our kiss, both panting hard as we fought to catch our breath. He rested his forehead against mine, touching our noses together in an almost romantic gesture. I could feel his breath against my flushed skin, his fingers that danced across my back. Every part of him that I was in contact with I could feel, my body tingling with the tiniest movement. 

"That was what I wanted you to do that night," he whispered, making me chuckle softly. "But you should have still taken me out for dinner first."

Taron dipped his head, moving his lips down to my neck where he proceeded to plant soft kisses on me. I moaned, the sound reverberating in my chest. Whatever Taron was doing, he was good at it. Never have I enjoyed kissing as much as in that moment. Trying to give him better access, I tilted my head to the side, at the same time letting my eyelids open just a tad. 

What I expected to see was the erotic image of Taron trailing kisses down my neck, but instead my eyes zoomed in on one feature. The fading bruise that colored Taron's lower neck, partially hidden beneath his clothes. Like a flashback, the memories of that night a week ago came back to me like a fast moving vehicle. I had left that mark. I had raped Taron. 

I gave him a shove, catching him off guard and causing him to stumble back a few steps. "What was that for?" he asked, shocked that I had rejected him so harshly. 

"What are you doing?" I questioned. He wasn't supposed to be kissing me. Hitting me maybe, but not kissing. 

"What did it seem like I was doing?" he rebutted. 

"Let me rephrase that. Why are you doing it?"

"Why? Because I want to? Because I thought you wanted me to? Am I missing something here?" He asked, confusion mixed with a little bit of frustration painting his expression. 

"Apparently you are because you should not want to. That's the thing. The very thought of me should repulse you right now," I sighed, pushing past him and leaning onto the desk with my arms. 

"What the hell are you talki—" he started but I abruptly cut him off. 

"I raped you Taron," I shouted, turning and glaring at him with welled up eyes. He looked taken aback by my volume. I dropped my voice to a whisper as I spoke, "I raped you. You should hate me right now. You should be beating me to a pulp, not kissing me. You should be feeling disgusted by the mere sight of me, shudder at the touch of my skin."

"Kevin—" he began, his voice soft and gentle before a knock at his door interrupted us. A second of pause before the door slid open. A girl, probably just over 6' in height walked in with a tablet nestled in her arm. She had long red hair that was pulled up in a high ponytail. She wore a pair of sleek glasses that complemented the angles of her beautiful elite face, highlighting her bright green eyes. 

"Taron, I've completed the tests for that third batch of compounds for the—" she stopped, looking up from her tablet to see the unexpected guest in Taron's office. I turned away from her, looking to the back of the room, wiping my eyes as I did. "Is this a bad time?"

I expected Taron to say no; to allow her to continue with whatever she was going to tell him. Instead he said, "Yes actually. Just key it into the system, Jamie. I'll check it out tomorrow."

"Sure," she said, and I heard her footsteps slowly fade as she turned and left without another word. 

"We have to go someplace quiet," Taron said. I didn't move nor did I say anything, staying rooted at my spot. "C'mon Branson, we need to talk." I heard his footsteps move towards the door. I knew he was expecting me to follow him, after all he was an elite and as a natal, I had to do as he says, technically. 

I took a breath and followed Taron out of his office. I trailed behind him, just looking up enough to see which direction he headed but other than that kept my eyes to the floor; I didn't want to chance seeing his face. I didn't need to worry though because he didn't glance back once, keeping his face forward all the way to the parking garage at the basement. 

"Here, put this on," he said, holding out a small band in the shape of a U. On both ends, the band widened to a rounded edge, giving it an almost headphone look. I took it from him but held it in my hands. I had no idea what it was, let alone how I was supposed to wear it. I looked up at Taron, seeing as he took out another similar band from the compartment in the vehicle behind him. 

My eyes immediately went to the machine. It was a hoverbike, but it was no ordinary hoverbike. You see, hoverbikes were cheap alternative transports for natals who worked in areas where the tram wasn't convenient. I'd seen my fair share of them when I was interning for the mechanic job. Most of them weren't the flashiest of things, mostly made of brushed metal and looking almost like it was thrown together with spare parts. 

The bike that Taron stood in front of however, was not just a hoverbike, but a Comet. Comets were high end hoverbikes that only elites could afford and seeing that most elites preferred the luxuries of a hovercar to a hoverbike, Comets were few and far between. 

I stared at the vehicle in awe as I took it in. It was glistening as light reflected off its glossy paint. Every part of it looked like it fit perfectly, unlike the weird mish mash of parts of normal bikes. The shape of it, rounded in the front and slowly tapering of towards the back. This things was also supposedly fast. It's said that at top speed, Comets were a blur, looking like a speeding comet, hence the name. 

"That's a Comet," I dumbly commented, stating the obvious. 

"Figures a gear head like you would know what one of these was," he said, pulling the U-shape band over his head, the ends sitting just above his ear and the band going around the back of his head. "C'mon, put on your helmet."

I looked down at the thing in my hand. Helmet? How was this a helmet? Still I followed his lead and placed it on my head. "I don't see how a pair of headphones is a substitute for a helmet," I said. 

He rolled his eyes at me, bringing his hand up to his right ear and pushing a button on the band. Immediately, metal plates folded out from the band, down the back of his head as well as up and over. I watched, in stunned silence as the moving metal plates came to a stop just above his eyes, a photon shield flashing on, shielding his face. From that small band, a full helmet with photon visor had emerged. I whistled, making him chuckle as he mounted the bike. 

He turned to me and watched, waiting for me to climb on. I did exactly as he did, pushing the button on the band around my head, feeling it encase my head in its protective shell before climbing onto the back of the bike. I felt slightly uncomfortable at the distance between my crotch and his butt but I did my best to hide it, although Taron wasn't paying enough attention to me to notice. 

"You might want to hold on to me," he said, glancing behind. I was conflicted though. Did I want to wrap my arms around him? Did he want me to wrap my arms around him? Unable to decide, I ignored him and placed my hands on my thighs. "Suit yourself. Don't say I didn't warn you."

He took off with such speed that I instinctively grabbed hold of his torso to prevent me falling off the back of the bike. Just like that, I had my arms wrapped tightly around his hard muscled body, my own body pressed firmly to his back. I could feel the vibration from the chuckle he let out as it travelled down my arms. I couldn't see much as we zoomed down the road, much of everything passing by so fast it was all a blur. 

I tried on two occasions to let go of Taron, but each time I tried, he would accelerate suddenly, making me grip him again. I could almost imagine the smirk that would have plastered his face. I would have jabbed him in the gut, but I was afraid that it may inevitably cause him to lose control of the bike, so I settled for scowling at the back of his head. 

Eventually, we pulled out of the city centre, leaving behind the densely clustered skyscrapers. I could finally focus my vision more, my view no longer limited by the tall buildings. I watched as Taron headed further away from the city centre, past the natal residential areas. I wondered where he was taking me, seeing us approaching the wall of glass that was the edge of the dome that housed the city. I had never been this close to the wall, hardly anyone ever had any reason to come out this far. There wasn't anything out here of much interest, but then again, Taron did say he wanted a quiet place to talk. 
