 "I need to speak with the manager, please," I said to a teenager who was standing behind a register, clearly trying to figure something out. He looked up in alarm as I brought him back to reality. He accidentally knocked a few pens off the counter and scrambled to pick them up. 

"Is there something I can help with?" He asked, setting the pens back in their place. 

"No. It needs to be the manager," I told him. The kid turned away and went into the back room. It was an office supplies store. I took in my surroundings and saw the printing station. It was advertising that they do signs, and their example was about doughnuts. My stomach turned. I think I had had enough baked goods for a lifetime at that point. That wasn't gonna stop me from eating one every morning though. 

The kid re-emerged with a man who was dressed in nicely-fitted clothing. His muscles strained ever so slightly against the fabric of his shirt, and I just knew his ass was doing the same. The fancy name tag pinned to his chest read 'Manager: Jackson.'

"Bobby! What're you up to?" He asked. I smiled at him and leaned against the counter a bit. 

"I'm here on some business," I said lightly. 

"And what kind of business is that?" He pried. 

"I was wondering if I could hang a sign up on the billboard over there. It's for Charlotte's junior recital," I explained, putting the paper down on the counter. It had a picture of Charlotte dramatically posed at the piano. On it was the date, time, and location. Jackson inspected it a bit. 

"We can hang it up for you... on one condition," he said. The teenager had gone back to doing whatever it was he was doing before and wasn't paying any attention. Jackson leaned forward, as if what he were about to say was a secret. There was his signature lavender cologne. 

"What's that?"

"I get to go with you."

"Good thing is also doubles as an invitation," I replied, standing up straight. "And I like the look. It's very men-at-work-like."

"Get out of my store before I have to do something about you," he joked, and I just laughed.

I left the poster with him and left the store. It was only Tuesday, and the recital wasn't until Saturday. I had too much time til our date. It would be a long few days. 

~

Music was coming from all around us when we walked into Charlotte's university. Musicians were practicing in private rooms as Jackson and I searched for the recital hall that Charlotte would be performing in. I heard violinists, singers, pianists, and instrumentalists that I couldn't quite figure out too. I felt creative just being in the environment. 

"Look at this painting," Jackson said, grabbing my attention. I joined him to see a beautiful painting of two men in the middle of a dance. They were in the midst of a lift. He checked the plaque that was next to it. 

"It says that this is in part of their LGBTQ collection. A student named Noah painted it,," Jackson told me as I looked closer at the painting itself. 

"Wow. I wish I had half the talent anyone here does," I commented. Jackson joined me in admiring the art. 

"You've plenty talent, Bobby," he said, putting his arm around me. 

"I know basic piano skills actually! Charlotte taught me a little bit. I'm no good, but I could play happy birthday," I told him. 

"Bobby?" I heard a voice say. I turned to see Charlotte's parents walking towards me. My face lit up. 

"Hey! How're you guys?" I asked, embracing her in a hug. She rubbed my back in the process. Rhonda and Chris were practically a second set of parents to me. When I first moved to New York, they let me crash on their couch while I found my footing. I could've stayed with them longer, but I had the urge to be independent. 

"We're doing well. How about you?"

"I'm good. We were just admiring the art before Charlotte's big show," I said to her. "This is Jackson, by the way. Jackson, this is Charlotte's mom and dad; Rhonda and Chris."

"Nice to meet you," Jackson said with a warm smile. He shook their hands. 

"You too. Now, is this just a friend or...," Rhonda began, giving the two of us looks. 

"Let the boys be, Rhonda," Chris cut in. She shrugged and gave me a wink. I could only laugh it off. 

"Let's go get some good seats," I suggested, and we did. 

A little bit later, we were watching as Charlotte came out on the stage in a gorgeous gown. She seemed to sparkle under the stage lights. She sat down at the bench to the sounds of applause. Soon, we were in another world as her hands created the most wonderful music. I don't know how she managed to play so quickly and accurately. There wasn't a single note out of place. 

"She's so good," Jackson whispered to me between pieces. I just nodded my head and gave him a smile. I had told him how good she was, but I guess he wasn't expecting me to be right. 

Notes filled the empty air around us and engulfed every person who could hear them. Charlotte was incredibly focused on her work. I happened to glance over to see that her parents were beaming with pride. 

Her hands struck the last few chords of her last song, and the sound lingered in the space. She hit a final button and rested. I'm sure her fingers must've been exhausted after all of that, but you would never be able to tell. She stood up from her bench and took a bow. The audience erupted with applause, and a smile spread across her face. I could tell how proud she was of that performance. Hell, I was proud of her. She had told me how stressed she was about the last piece, but she absolutely killed it. 

Her parents moved past all the people wanting to talk to her first. Rhonda engulfed her into her arms. 

"You were so amazing, sweetie!" She declared, grabbing her face. 

"Thanks, Mama," Charlotte returned. Chris got in there too to get a hug from his talented daughter. 

"You're gonna go far with this gift of yours," he told her. 

Jackson and I lingered behind them to let them have their moment. There were so many people waiting to congratulate her, and we had time to spare. 

"And this is only her junior year? That's insane!" Jackson said to me, and I returned with a nod. 

"I've known her since high school, and she's always been such a hard worker. She's been taking lessons since she was five, and she was playing for the school choir in high school," I told him. 

It took a minute before we were able to make our way to the shining star of the hour. 

"Bobby!" Charlotte exclaimed as we hugged. 

"You were perfection. Wow!" I said to her. 

"Thank you so much. I'm glad you could make it," she said, and then her eyes fell onto Jackson. 

"And this must be the famous Jackson," she said, shaking hands with him. 

"It is. And you were remarkable," he said. He was so easy to get along with.

"You better treat my Bobby right. I'll find you if you don't," Charlotte said to him, only half joking. 

"Come on, Charlotte," I said. 

"I will. No need to worry about that," Jackson put in with a grin. She returned it, believing him. 

"I'm sure I'll see you soon! And again, congratulations!" I said, noticing that there were other people wanting to talk to her. Jackson and I left the room and found ourselves standing beside the painting we had looked at earlier. 

"What do you want to do now? It's still early," Jackson asked. 

"I could go for something to eat."

"Craving anything in particular?"

"Nope. Just something."

"I've got an idea."

~

Jackson had taken me to a local grocery store. It wasn't anything special; fluorescent lights beat down on us, the cold breeze followed us inside, and the radio played in the background. What made it special was being with him. Everyday life turned into an adventure with him, and that's one of the things I loved about him. 

"Did you know that, on average, farmers have to pick up and individually milk a thousand almonds to get one quart of almond milk?" Jackson said as we passed the milk.

"I hate you," I said, nudging his side. 

We got a small sample of some kind of fruit juice as well. We both took it like a shot, and my face immediately turned sour. 

"That's gotta be the grossest thing I've ever drank. Including alcohol," I said a tad bit dramatically. 

"Really? I liked it," he replied, downing the last drop and then taking what I didn't finish. 

"You're gonna have to wash your mouth out if you want a kiss later," I told him. We both laughed. 

Soon enough, we were walking to his apartment, and it dawned on me that I had never been to his apartment before. We hadn't known each other for too long, but he'd been to my closet multiple times. I was suddenly very intrigued to see how he lives. 

"Welcome to my home," Jackson declared as he unlocked his door and let me walk in. It was a decent sized apartment with actual furniture. It was such a stark contrast to my place. It wasn't fancy by any means, but it was cozy. 

"It's cute!" I said as I looked over the place and sat the groceries on the counter. Jackson moved to the stove and started to set things out. 

"Come here," he said, and I followed him to his bedroom. It had a nice set up, and he even had the master bathroom. The bed was made, which was more than I could say for mine. 

"Let's get cooking. I'm hungry," I said, and Jackson was quick to agree. 

I found myself boiling water for an easy pasta dinner. We weren't making anything gourmet, but I could already tell it was going to be delicious. Jackson was setting the ingredients out, and he grabbed some whip cream from the fridge. 

"What's that for?" I asked. Nowhere in the recipe called for whip cream. That's when he squirted some out onto my cheek. 

"For that," he said with a laugh. My face turned from shock to laughing. Before I could react, he leaned in and licked it right off of me. 

"I'll win this war," I told him. 

"Too late! I already did cause this is going away," he said, shoving it back into its home. 

"I'll get you for that. Just you wait," I warned. 

Cooking was never my forte, but I managed to hold my own that evening. I didn't even burn myself in the process of boiling water. I usually always hurt myself in some way or another. 

"Shit!" I spoke too soon. My finger grazed the pan with the fresh breadsticks on it. I guess I didn't see when Jackson got it out. We had been a power duo in the process, moving around the kitchen, keeping things moving. Jackson turned around from chopping some kind of greens to see what happened. 

"What?" 

"I burned my finger," I said, holding it close to my mouth. He started to giggle, but it was a That's-So-Cute kind of giggle. 

"Come here," he said, and he took my hand in his and kissed my finger. A huge grin spread across my face. 

"Don't burn yourself again," he said, turning to continue what he was doing. 

After being tortured by the smell of delicious food on an empty stomach for entirely too long, we finally finished and set the table. It was just big enough for the two of us. 

"Wait," Jackson said before I could dig in. He pulled out his phone and did a few things first. Then, he propped it up against the wall and revealed a candle app pulled up. 

"You're so cheesy," I laughed. 

"Let's eat!" He proclaimed. 

The food was surprisingly good. The conversation great. Being with him gave me a warm feeling. It had since the night we met. I learned that he did live with a roommate, but he was almost always in his room playing video games or something. Jackson didn't know much about the guy other than that his name was Samuel.

After dinner was over, we decided to crawl into bed and watch tv on his laptop. He let me borrow the softest pair of pajama pants I've ever worn. It was so cold outside, so snuggling up was the literal perfect way to wrap up our day. We stayed that way for the entire time we binged the show, stopping only to shower and for bathroom breaks. 

~

"That's enough of that," Jackson finally said, stretching out his arms. A cold spot was left where his arm had been resting on me. He put his laptop on the bedside table and squeezed me back into him. 

"What time is it?" I asked. 

"Just about 11. Are you tired?"

"No."

"What do you wanna do?"

"This."

With that, I leaned in quick and stole a kiss. He smiled and stole a kiss from me. I licked my lips to get another taste of his honey lips. I stretched my own arms out and casually ran my fingers through his hair in the process, taking the back of his head and pulling him into a deeper kiss. His hands went directly to my sides and held me. 

"You're so smooth," Jackson said, and I giggled. 

"Only for you," I replied, tracing my finger on his chest. His hand gently placed itself on top of mine, stopping the motion. His fingers interlaced with mine ever so softly. We held each other's gaze for a moment, and I could feel the heat rising. 

My heart beat harder all of a sudden, and I gripped Jackson's hand and pushed him onto his back. I held his hands down against the mattress as I straddled him. A smirk crossed both of our faces. I leaned down and kissed his lips. Then his jaw. Then his neck. Then lower on his neck. Then the hem of his shirt. 

I sat up straight and tore my shirt off. By the time I tossed it to the side and looked back at him, his shirt was gone as well. I put both of my hands on his chest, and he shuddered from the cold. 

I then let my hands slide from his torso to either side of him. My body went out from under me so I could slowly lower my mouth to kiss his chest. I let my lips linger on his skin. I dragged myself down to one of his nipples and played with it just a bit before moving on. My mouth fell in line with the middle cut of his abs. I kissed down each one. He was shivering with each point of contact. 

My fingers hooked into his pajama bottoms, and he lifted his body so I could pull them off. I revealed a pair of red, mesh underwear. They were cute, slightly see through, and being pushed against with everything his cock had. He was ready for it, but I wasn't quite there. 

I kissed his waistband, and he absolutely writhed because of it. My fingers lightly caressed his sides and down the sides of his legs as well. I checked his face to see him with his eyes closed, lip bitten. A light moan escaped him, and something in me loved it more than usual. I'd heard him moan, but not like that. It was a smooth tone in his voice. His vocal chords were like the strings in a piano. I could listen to that music forever. I moved my mouth lower once more. 

I kiss the tip of his bulge, making sure to breathe deeply so he'd feel the heat. In response, his member flexed. There was precum leaking through the fabric. 

"This is torture," he groaned. I smiled a devilish smile. I grabbed his underwear and yanked them down. His cock flew out and hit his skin with a loud smack. It immediately hardened out to its full extent. 

I took his thick member into my grasp and slowly stroked it. There was an immediate slick to it thanks to his precum. He moaned aloud at the touch. I lowered my head and took his head into my mouth. His taste lingered on my tongue before I really started sucking. I savored it. 

Before either of us knew it, I was bobbing up and down on his cock like I was starved for it. I guess I was just as horny and ready as he had been. The sounds of a wet blowjob filled the room. Jackson moaned, and I let him fill my mouth more and more with each take. I came up to take a breath, and I stroked him in the meantime. His entire body tensed up, and suddenly there was an iron grip around my wrist. 

"Slow down there," he said breathlessly. "In fact, get on your back."

We traded positions, and as soon as I hit the mattress, Jackson pulled my pants and underwear off. I was hard as rock, obviously. Jackson's mouth kissed the inside of my groin, and I didn't realize just how sensitive that part of me was before he touched it. I took in a sharp breath as his lips work their way onto my shaft. He moved down and gently played with my balls, drawing moans out of me all the while. 

I arched my back as he continued kissing me down there. His hands scooped under my ass and grabbed. I moaned some more and my eyes rolled into the back of my head as his tongue barely touched my hole. 

"Fuck, I love your ass, Bobby," he groaned as he pushed my legs up and back. My ass was in the perfect position to be eaten. I grabbed my legs to help hold them up as Jackson surveyed me. 

I felt his tongue start on my cheek, and it dragged across my ass, taking its time. I felt it glide between my cheeks, across my tight hole, and then to the other cheek. He kept going too. He licked all the way my thigh, leaving a cool trail of spit. He had plenty of it. I was throbbing at this point. He went back and hovered his mouth over my hole once more. He licked my entrance swiftly and went up my leg once more. I had never had that done to me before, and I must say, it was hot as fuck. 

Then, his finger circled my sphincter. There was enough saliva down there to start to lubing process. He put only the slightest amount of pressure, and my face contorted in result. I saw a smile flash across his face. He knew I was in the palm of his hand. 

Jackson's face dove right in between my cheeks and started to eat me out hard. I gasped loudly and gripped the sheets around me. His tongue was working fast and hard, and I was in a state of bliss. I could feel a puddle of precum forming on my lower stomach as he rimmed me. I reached out a hand and ran my fingers through his hair. We made an intimate eye contact as he worked. 

Just when I thought he couldn't get better, he did. His whole head started thrusting into me, tongue fucking me in the process. I could feel his tongue entering me in the slightest. I also felt the pressure of his mouth against me, and I moaned lustfully. I grabbed my rock hard cock and stroked. When I started to though, Jackson quickly slapped my hand away. He clearly didn't want us to finish early like the last time. 

"Fuck me. Please fuck me, Jackson," I practically begged him. 

He pulled his face away from my ass, which was more than ready for his cock, and smiled, knowing he had done a good job. He wiped his mouth and got up to his knees. I watched as he grabbed a condom from his bedside table and put it on. He leaned over me a bit, pressing my leg into his shoulder, and slapped my hole with his cock. 

"Ready?" He asked me even though he already knew the answer. I bit my lip and nodded. 

It was nothing but pressure at first. I felt his head pushing against me harder and harder. I reached down there and aimed it for him. He applied some more pressure and suddenly the head popped in. I gasped at the sudden stretch. He let out a deep breath, sliding a couple inches in. It hurt so bad. I tapped on his hips. 

"Wait," I said quietly. He did as I said and paused inside of me while my body adjusted. I hadn't bottomed in a while. His hands started to explore my body some more and found their way to my cock. He stroked me, keeping me hard. 

"Okay. Slow," I said eventually. His hips began to move again at a much slower pace. I felt every micro-movement going on. His cock opened me up as he dove deeper. 

The feeling of having Jackson's beautiful member inside of me was unique. It felt so good as he got deeper inside of me and eventually started to push against my prostate. I forgot how great bottoming can be. After what felt like an hour, Jackson's hips pressed into my butt cheeks, letting us both know he was all the way in. 

"Oh fuck," Jackson moaned as his eyes rolled into the back of his head. I could tell he was enjoying the tight fit. 

He looked down, deep into my eyes, and we had a deep connection. Not only physically but emotionally as well. I stared into those big eyes and found my neck straining upwards for a kiss. I didn't even mean to. It just happened. Jackson immediately dropped his head down so that our lips could meet. It was a gentle connection at first. 
