 The next morning the two made love again, softly, intimately just like it used to be. Leander lay with him cuddled up on his chest.

"I've got to leave Trevor." Leander sighed half to himself half to Jason.

"I'll talk to Nick today." Jason said and ran a hand through Leander's long blond hair, he turned and kissed him softly. He slid under the covers and kissed down Jason's neck, over his chest, ghosting over his nipples, down past his belly button to his rapidly hardening shaft. He nuzzled it softly, kissing it gently. He then proceeded to kiss his balls and gently pull on them. He then kissed and licked up his shaft, Jason groaned in pleasure as he felt Leander's lips on him, slowly taking in his head and sucking it into his mouth. That talented, pierced tongue swirled around him and drove him wild. He gasped and grabbed onto the bedsheets as Leander carried on his oral seduction. It was at that time that Casey was coming up the stairs to see if they wanted to have lunch with them. He didn't enter Jason's room when Nick was there for privacy reasons, but any other time he stuck his head round. This time he opened the door and stood for a second, trying to take in what he was seeing. Jason, hands balled into fists in the blankets, eyes shut, panting heavily and a suspicious boy-shaped lump in the blankets over his crotch. 

"What. The. FUCK?" Casey roared. Jason's eyes flew open and he sat up sharply. He felt Leander detach himself from his dick and he came up from underneath the covers. Casey looked at the blond boy, long hair tussled and messy, lips red from cock sucking and a lustful look in his eyes. Fuck, no wonder Jason couldn't resist him. Leander licked his lips and blinked. "What do you think you're doing?!"

"Well, I was trying to get Jason to come, if you'd given me a few more minutes..." Leander began.

"Get some fucking clothes on and get downstairs." Casey snapped. "I'll talk to you later!" He pointed at Jason and slammed the door. Leander groaned as Jason worried a nail in his mouth. He threw on his jeans and pulled a shirt over his head and headed down the stairs into the kitchen. Casey was at the table with Josh next to him, his jaw set tight. Leander had never seen him that angry before, he had to admit he was a little bit apprehensive when he sat down. Casey raised an eyebrow at him. "Well?" He expected the boy to be cocky and confident so was quite shocked when he just shrugged, tears filling his big blue eyes. "Leander?"

"Ah Casey I've fucked up so badly." He rubbed his face with his hands. "I just don't know what to do." Casey softened, he couldn't deny that he liked this boy so he couldn't keep mad at him. He sent Josh upstairs and took Leander into the lounge with a coffee. "He just drives me crazy. I have always loved him and lately its just got too much. I thought he felt the same and then we fucked but he was really weird after. But then he initiated it the other week and it's been going on since then. I feel so horrid about what I'm doing to Trevor." A tear ran down his face and he swiped it away angrily, he didn't like it when a boy got to him.. 

"Have you two actually talked rather than just fuck?" Casey asked bluntly. Leander shook his head mutely. "Well that's what you should do. But first you need to sort out what you're doing with Trevor." 

"I'll talk to him tomorrow. I can't face him today." Leander sighed. "I just think I'm meant to be with Jason, you get me? I've never been so happy, never felt so right... I've never been so hard..." He smirked and Casey rolled his eyes at him. "But its more than just sex. I've fucked countless guys over the years but none of them mattered. Jason was the first that felt like it might actually be something real. I should go home." They both stood and Casey hugged him. 

"Sort your relationship out with Trevor then talk to Jason. It will all work out." Casey kissed the side of his head and sent him on his way. He then went upstairs to see Jason who was sitting cuddled into Josh. Casey smiled, he may act big and cocky but he would always be his little boy. Jason's eyes were red from obvious crying and he shuffled over to Casey for a hug.

"I didn't mean to disappoint you Case." He mumbled as he settled on his chest.

"Ah you haven't my love. Leander has gone home, he's going to talk to Trevor tomorrow. You need to tell Nick what's going on." Casey rubbed his back. "Want to go o it now? I'll drive if you want?" Jason sighed and accepted, he washed his face with cold water then headed to the car. The ride was silent, Jason just looked out of the window and thought about what he would say. Casey parked outside the house and said he'd wait. Jason took a deep breath and got out, going over to the door and knocking before entering. Nick had got up to answer the door and smiled at him, puzzled as to why he was there. They didn't normally spend Sunday nights together as Nick's parents wanted him to get rest before school, sometimes they forgot he was a young man now. 

"Hey." Nick smiled again. Jason hugged him and kissed the side of his head. "What brings you here?" Nick started up the stairs and Jason followed him to his room, sitting on the end of the bed. "Jason?"

"I've been sleeping with someone else for about two weeks. I am really sorry that I didn't tell you when it first happened. I should've and I know I'm a dickhead for not doing it." Jason said quietly. 

"Oh." Nick sat next to him with a frown. "Okay. Well, if I am honest there was something mentioned to me that you'd been getting friendly with a guy at the club... So I am not really surprised."

"Why didn't you say anything?" Jason asked. 

"The sex was good?" Nick shrugged. "It's not as if we've had the most conventional relationship, I know you've never loved me..."

"I do fucking love you." Jason snapped. "But in a different way than I should. I can't be with you if I love someone else."

"So who is it that you're seeing? Nick asked. Jason looked at him and felt his stomach lurch. 

"Leander." Jason just looked at the floor, he felt Nick get off the bed and stand.

"On no Jason, not him, please not him." Nick frowned. "It will kill Trevor, you know that's his biggest fear." 

"I know I know!" Jason put his head in his hands. "I know. It's shit and its stupid but it's happened."

"I thought it was all over between you two?" Nick was leaning on his desk arms folded across his chest. He'd been prepared for this confession for a while and in all honesty wasn't that upset, but the news about it being Leander hurt him for Trevor's sake. 

"It was!" Jason looked over, he looked pained. "He made moves on me while I was drunk and we spent the night together, then we said we'd forget about it but we didn't. It just went from there and it all started up again." 

"Does Trevor know?" Nick sighed.

"No, Leander wants to tell him tomorrow face to face. Please don't tell him. I know it's a bit shitty of me to ask that but I am sure he'd prefer it firsthand." Jason said.

"Yeah I wont say anything." Nick ran a hand through his hair. "This is so shit for him."

"I know. After it's sorted do you think we can be friends? I really don't want to lose you from my life." Jason stood.

"Probably, but it's going to take a while. I am a bit hurt." Nick raised his eyebrows.

"Of course you are, I am really sorry for that. We'll take it all one step at a time." Jason went to the door. "I'll see you tomorrow I guess?" Nick nodded and with that Jason was gone. Nick went to the lounge and told his parents, despite him not really being bothered he cried a little bit but was soon worrying more about Trevor. Casey asked how it'd gone when Jason got back in the car. Jason told him that he had an idea it was happening and didn't seem to bothered. Jason was worried about Trevor too. It was going to be a crap start to the week.

- Leander glanced behind him to make sure Nile and Jason were there. He swallowed and pushed opened the drama hall door. Nick turned away from them and managed to get Claudia and Nathan to sit in the corner with him, they were worried by the look on his face. Trevor hadn't noticed and went up to Leander who hugged him tightly. Nile and Jason sat near the door in silence.

"Trevor." Leander took him to one side. "I've got to tell you something." Trevor's face fell and he glanced over at Jason and Nile, they wouldn't meet his eyes - neither did Nick. 

"O...okay?" Trevor frowned this was something serious. 

"I've..." Leander began. "Oh damn. I've been cheating on you Trevor." He saw the beautiful boys face fall. Trevor stood mutely for a moment, his stomach had turned cold and heavy and he felt instantly sick.

"Who with?" Trevor managed to ask. Leander bit his lip and a quick glance Jason's way betrayed him. "Oh no. No Leander. Not him? Please anyone but him!" The tears started to flow and Nick came over and hovered around him. 

"I'm sorry I..." Leander began and stepped towards him. Trevor stepped away angrily and waved his arms.

"Get the fuck away from me." Trevor shouted. "Why him? If it was a different guy every night that would be better than one time with him!" 

"Trevor it just happened..." Leander had no idea what to say.

"Oh yeah because these things do just happen. You fucking arsehole!" Trevor took a step forward and shoved Leander backwards. Nick pulled him back gently, not wanting it go this way. "Why? Why him?!" 

"Because I love him!" Leander snapped. "Because I've always loved him. Because its always been him!" He put his hand to his face. "I mean, oh god. I don't know what I mean. I thought he didn't want me. So I found you..."

"Oh and then he decided that he was done fucking whatever crossed his path and wanted you back? Is that it?" Trevor growled. "The rich little boy wanted what someone else had and got it, just like he gets everything." Jason opened his mouth but shut it quickly. This was a side of Trevor they had never seen and he felt pretty rotten. "I think you should go." Trevor turned away and walked across the studio. No one moved. "I said go!" A plastic chair got thrown in Leander's direction and he and Jason left. Nile stayed, he went over to Trevor and took him over to the sofa where he burst into tears and buried himself into Nile's chest. "Oh god Nile why?" Nile rubbed his back and glanced helplessly at Nick who shrugged. "Nick, did you know about this?" 

"Jason told me last night. Leander wanted to tell you face to face." Nick sat at the other side of him and patted his leg. "It'll be okay Trev."

"No it wont. How long has it been going on? How long have they been laughing at me while they fucked?" More heartbroken tears ran down Trevor's face. 

"I'm sure it wasn't like that." Nile hushed him. "They've always had history, they shouldn't have got involved with anyone else."

"I hate them." Trevor howled. "They've ruined my life."

--

Leander went to Trevor's house that night his father let him in without speaking. He went upstairs and into Trevor's room. Trevor was sat at his desk.

"Your stuffs in that bag." Trevor didn't even turn to look at him.

"I really didn't want to hurt you Trev. I am so sorry this has happened like it has." Leander picked up his bag.

"Was it because I didn't do what you wanted to do when we had sex? Is that it?" Trevor turned and looked at him. 

"No!" Leander shook his head furiously. "You were brilliant. Its nothing to do with you, its just me and my issues with Jason." Though Leander had to admit, he'd been getting frustrated with Trevor's lack of willing to try new things. 

"You've always loved him haven't you?" Trevor asked. Leander nodded silently. "I think its time you went." Leander left the room and walked to the front door. He saw Trevor's parents standing there. 

"Thanks for letting me stay and being so nice." He opened the door but turned back. "I really didn't mean to hurt him." He then left Trevor's house.

Casey looked round as the kitchen door opened and the blonde walked in, backpack slung over his shoulder. 

"Well?" Casey dried his hands on a towel and stepped towards him.

"It's over, I'm single. I broke his heart." Leander sighed. 

"It needed to be done. Now I think you need to go upstairs and talk to Jason." Casey smiled. "And I mean talk. Not just fuck."

"I don't think I'm up for that tonight." Leander laughed. Casey raised an eyebrow. "Well, not right away." He winked and headed off to Jason's room, sticking his head round the lounge door to say hello to Josh. Jason smiled as Leander came into the room.

"Hey." Jason stood and hovered nervously.

"Hey Babe." Leander walked over to him and hugged him. "I've done it." 

"So?" Jason led him to the sofa and they sat down. "What's going to happen between us?"

"What do you want to happen?" Leander asked and put his arm around him. 

"I thought we were going to be together." Jason said softly. 

"Is that what you want?" Leander smiled. Jason nodded. "I want it too, I'm just worried that you'll..."

"I'm not going to behave like I did last time." Jason sat up straight and looked seriously at Leander. "I was confused and young. I didn't know what I wanted. But it was you. It was always you. My heart broke when you got with Trevor, I'm not going to blow a second chance that I'm lucky to get." Jason planted a kiss on his lips. "I love you Leander Autori."

"I love you too." Leander beamed at him. There was a knock at the door and Casey peered in cautiously. 

"You two okay?" The black haired guy asked. They nodded with smiled. "Good. It's nice to have you back Leander." Casey left them alone and Leander re-familiarized himself with Jason's huge room. He was amused to find some of his clothes still in the wardrobes, it was like he'd never been away. He supposed he hadn't really, there had always been that connection between them. The night drew on and the two headed to bed. There was no love making this night, they just held each other and reconnected.

"Mmm, will you love me forever?" Jason asked sleepily.

"Of course I will." Leander stroked his face. "And ever and ever." He watched as his boyfriend fell asleep in his arms. He wanted this boy to be his forever. He just hoped Jason's words were true. He lay awake all night thinking until he fell asleep beside him.