 He arrived back at the hotel, tired from hours of meeting with dark suits and overly serious faces. He was looking forward to a bath, a glass of wine, and the anticipation of his visitor. He handed the front desk an envelope with instructions and a name written on the front. Inside was a room key.

He entered his hotel room, sat his briefcase on the desk and kicked off his shoes. He propped up a pillow and fell onto the bed holding his cell phone and rushed through the obligatory email and voicemail checks. Nothing that couldn't wait until morning.

He stood up and shed his clothes like they were an unwanted second set of skin. Standing naked, he thought about the evening ahead and felt his cock instantly grow partially erect. He walked into the bathroom and turned on the faucet in the bathtub, making sure the water temperature was hot and to his liking. While the bath filled, he opened the bottle of Cabernet and poured a glass.

After turning off the faucet, he slid into the bath holding the wineglass. The water was almost too hot, but would be perfect in a minute or so. He laid back and enjoyed his first sip of wine. Again, his mind drifted to his visitor and the night ahead. The day melted away, the wine soothed his nerves, and he smiled as his cock grew hard even without being touched. He fantasized about the visitor walking into the room and finding him naked.

The fantasy progressed to visions of passionate kissing and intertwined bodies. With the hot bath warming his body, he stroked himself slowly, bringing himself to the brink of climax several times. He wanted badly to finish, but felt a stronger desire to hold off and finish while in the throes of passion with his visitor. He finally stopped stroking for fear he was tempting fate and an explosive orgasm. His cock still throbbed and took several minutes to subside like a puppy disappointed at having been told he could not have his treat.

He opened the drain, stood and dried himself, his skin red and tingly from the bath. He drank the last bit of wine and brushed his teeth.

He walked into the room naked and pulled the comforter and blanket down to the foot of the bed. He propped up a pillow and laid on the soft fresh sheets. It was a high end hotel where he was always pleased by the quality of the amenities. He wanted badly to stoke himself again, but settled with running his fingertips over his cock and balls, causing himself to grow hard again. He closed his eyes and continued his fantasy of passion and sex with his visitor as he slowly drifted off to sleep.

His mind drifted into a dream and a re-set of his fantasy. In the dream, the visitor walked into the room and found him naked and asleep. He walked to the bed and observed the naked body lying face down. He quietly undressed and gently climbed onto the bed next to him. He reached over and ever so gently ran his fingertips over the smooth warm ass cheeks. 

The dreamer moaned in his sleep, obsessed with the exhilarating feeling of the soft fingertips making circles on his ass cheeks and running up and down his crack. The fingertips ran over the back of his thighs and then in between his parted legs to gently stroke his balls. He could feel his cock grow hard and begin to throb, and he parted his legs further as the fingertips stimulated him. He thought about how he did not want this dream to end, when he realized those were conscious thoughts. He was awakening, but the fingertips were still running over his balls and ass and the throbbing of his cock was real.

He rolled over and looked up at his visitor, who leaned over and kissed him passionately while running his hands over the dreamer's engorged and throbbing cock. The dreamer responded in kind, grabbing the visitor's hard and eager cock. The visitor rolled over on top of him, devouring his mouth with a prolonged kiss. Their cocks were pressed together, their legs intertwined, their hands groped and explored.

The visitor rolled off and turned his body around in a 69 position, taking the dreamer's cock into his mouth. The dreamer responded and licked the head of the visitor's cock before engulfing it, allowing the head to reach the back of his throat. With their hands exploring and groping, they pleasured each other with their mouths, tongues encircling helmets, and shafts repeatedly finding the depths of warm, wet places.

The visitor stopped sucking and pulled his cock out of the dreamer's mouth. He moved back up and planted another long, passionate kiss. Nibbling on the dreamer's ear, he whispered, "I want to fuck you," and used his hands to urge the dreamer to roll over onto his stomach. He grabbed two pillows and urged the dreamer to raise up and put the pillows underneath him, elevating his ass. He reached for the bedside stand and grabbed a small bottle.

The dreamer spread his legs further and felt oil being applied to his cheeks and the crack of his ass. He felt the oil run down onto his balls as the visitor's hands began massaging his cheeks and running fingers up and down his crack. One hand slid between his legs to his cock and balls and he raised his pelvis, allowing for better access. He groaned as the hand expertly massaged his balls and cock.

The visitor positioned himself between the dreamer's legs and began gently probing the inviting hole with one finger. The finger worked in a circular motion, gently loosening the hole and allowing the oil to lubricate. It probed until it reached full depth. Then a second finger and eventually a third finger penetrated and worked gently to loosen and lubricate, readying the hole for what was to follow.

The visitor removed his fingers and ran his hard cock up and down inside the dreamer's crack. He applied more oil until his cock was slick and gliding up and down without friction. He grabbed his cock and placed the head at the entrance of the hole. He rubbed the tip in a circular motion at the entrance to the hole, evoking a passionate moan from the dreamer. He began to push and allowed the head to slowly enter. When the rim of the helmet disappeared, he began moving it in and out, gently fucking the hole with only the helmet. The dreamer's moans spoke to the pleasure he was feeling.

The visitor started penetrating deeper with each stroke, allowing his lover's hole to relax and loosen as he went. He ran his fingertips over the dreamer's back as he stroked in and out, eventually reaching full depth. He stopped when his cock was buried balls-deep in the receptive hole. He held still for a bit, still running his fingertips of his dreamer's back, allowing him to feel the still but throbbing cock buried deep inside him.

He began stroking and picked up his pace. He would pull his cock almost all of the way out and then bury the full length of the shaft. The dreamer reached around with both hands and spread his own ass cheeks wide, allowing his visitor to penetrate even more smoothly. He moaned and said, "Fuck me. Show me how much you love my ass." As the visitor's passion peaked, he grabbed the dreamer's ass and started fucking harder, eliciting more passionate groans from his lover.

He pulled out and said, "Turn over." The dreamer turned over with his ass elevated by the pillows and his knees in the air. The visitor positioned himself and buried his cock again while leaning forward and using his arms to press the dreamer's legs to his chest. He began thrusting in and out with urgency, occasionally leaning forward to devour the dreamer's mouth. He was drunk with passion.

He slowed down his strokes as he felt the tremor start in his legs. He buried his cock deep with a few more strokes and then felt the explosion run up his legs to his balls and engorged cock. He moaned, "I'm gonna cum." Nearly in spasms, he thrust one more time and buried his cock as the orgasm washed over him. His cock exploded and filled his lover with his seed. He closed his eyes and let his lover milk every last drop of cum from his throbbing member and allowed the emotional wave to wash over him. His legs were trembling as the feeling subsided. 

The dreamer began stroking his own throbbing cock while staring into the eyes of his visitor. The visitor leaned over and kissed him passionately while reaching down and displacing a hand with his own. He stroked firmly while their mouths came together and their tongues tussled with one another.

The visitor pulled away and slid down between the dreamer's legs, taking the dreamer's cock in his mouth. Grabbing the throbbing shaft in his hand, he used both his hand and mouth to coax him to his peak of passion. The dreamer spread his legs wide and writhed on the bed. He lifted his knees in the air and grabbed the back of the visitor's head. He thrust his hips upward, driving his cock full length into the warm, wet, experienced mouth. 

The tremor hit him hard and he yelled out as the feeling washed over him. The visitor engulfed his cock with his mouth and he thrust upward and exploded in orgasm. He could feel his balls unload as cum exploded out the tip and into the visitor's mouth. The visitor continued to work his shaft with his tongue firmly and coaxed out every last drop of pleasure. Finally, a hand gripped his cock firmly as the intensity subsided.

They kissed again, long and passionately, exploring and running fingers over spent but tingling bodies.