 Along with my twin sister Carol, I'd been 'farmed out' to stay with my Aunt Sarah during the summer holidays. It wasn't anybody's fault, it was just that my grandfather was terminally ill and our parents had gone to look after him for his last few weeks just as the university year ended. It was one of those things and my sadness for grandpa overruled any complaints I might have had, but there are better ways of spending the summer. Much as I could get along with Aunt Sarah and my cousin's Ruth and Kyle, I wasn't over happy about having to share a room with Kyle. He was ok, but I'd been sharing a room at Uni and I'd been looking forward to having my own space. Having said all that, the way things were going it looked as though it was going to be quite an interesting summer.

It was the end of our third day there and Kyle and I were lying in our separate beds watching the end of a TV film before going to sleep. It wasn't a particularly good film, just really an excuse for staying awake a little longer, and so when the closing credits began to roll I didn't have much of an idea about who had finally been revealed as the murderer. I'd been too busy thinking about my sister and the mutual masturbation session that the three of us had enjoyed a couple of days previously. I couldn't stop wondering if she and I would have gone all the way and fucked if Kyle hadn't been present. As it was she had wanked him off and given me a blow job before we made her cum by hand, and I was pretty sure she was up for a shag too. I was also wondering why that never would have happened if we'd been at home.

Kyle pointed the remote at the box and flicked it off.

"Would you have fucked Caz if she'd let you?" 

His sudden question caught me by surprise, but it told me where his thoughts had been as well. I pretended to have to think about it, more for appearances sake than anything else, but it did give me time to phrase an answer.

"I'm not sure." I began. "But I think probably so, yes. After all she's not bad looking for a sister and it's not easy to turn a good fuck down, is it? Anyway, would you have?"

His answer was surprisingly direct. "Yes. Anytime she liked. But I couldn't do anything with her brother there, could I?" 

It seemed we'd got in each other's way! I wondered what if the boot had been on the other foot.

"And if it had been Ruth? Would you then?" 

"I think Ruth is more likely to go with Chloe than either of us." He ducked the question smartly and I drew my own conclusions. 

Chloe was Ruth's friend who was staying over for the holidays. The two girls were sharing Ruth's bedroom and everyone had a good idea why. A shame actually, because Chloe would really have been worth the effort - and so would Ruth for that matter.

I reached under the duvet to make necessary adjustments. I usually slept in pair of shorts, but Kyle slept naked and it had seemed a bit timid of me not to do the same. My cock wasn't used to so much freedom and reacted to our conversation more readily than normal. Or at least, that's what I told myself.

We lapsed into silence and I turned the events of that day over in my mind once again. I still felt a bit uneasy about it, even though I'd enjoyed it at the time.

"I tell you what." I said eventually, just to break the stillness. "That was quite a session. Not something I expected to happen, did you?"

"Never in a million years." Kyle looked at me hard. "Were you really trying to get your fist up her cunt?"

"Well, yes! That's what she asked me to do, wasn't it? And I nearly did it. If she hadn't cum just then I think it would have gone in." Carol had told me she wanted as many fingers up her as I could get, and even my whole hand if it would go. As it happened it didn't go, but I got pretty close.

"Didn't she make a lot of fucking noise, though?" Kyle reminded me about Carol's noisy orgasm 

"If anyone else had been in the house...." He let it trail off, and then, looking at me, he burst out laughing.

"You've got a stiffy." He pointed at my duvet. "You've got a stiffy from thinking about fucking your sister."

I didn't argue, although thinking about fucking Chloe had been what they call a contributory factor. Instead I just looked hard at the little pyramid in his bedclothes.

"And you've got one from thinking about fucking your cousin."

I don't think Kyle had realised that he too had an erection, because my answer seemed to catch him unawares.

"Ooops! So I have." He laughed back as he investigated his cock.

"I wonder which of us is biggest today from thinking about Caz." He mused. "Because whoever's hardest fancies her most, don't they?"

"Oh, no. I'm not getting into that again." It had been a cock size contest that had started things two days before. "But I think you fancy her enough for us both judging by the lump in your duvet."

To my surprise Kyle promptly threw back his duvet to reveal his erection, hard and red, sticking straight up. "Can you match that?" He asked, grinning.

I didn't really want to, but I couldn't let him get away with it, so I pushed my duvet out of the way and showed him my own cock, equally hard and equally hot.

"Wow! Horny pair of sods, aren't we." Kyle looked genuinely surprised at how turned on I was, and if truth be told, so was I. I really needed a fuck, or at least a wank, but it would have to wait.

Kyle went back to the original subject. "Would you mind if I fucked your sister? You can watch if you want!"

"Well that's very kind of you to offer, and would you like to watch me do it as well?" I was being sarcastic, but he took me seriously.

"I wouldn't mind. How about we make it a threesome?"

The idea appealed more than I was prepared to admit, and my cock twitched as it got even harder.

"You don't have to answer that, your dick just nodded for you." He laughed at my embarrassment.

Kyle had started absently running his hand up and down his shaft, not really wanking but sort of enjoying the sensation of touching himself. I watched him for a minute or two, wondering if I should do the same and feeling hornier at the thought.

"Are you going to do that properly?" I asked him finally, nodding at his cock to let him know what I meant. "I will if you will."

"Alright, you're on." I lay back, took hold of my own cock, and began to wank slowly, looking across at Kyle all the time. He settled himself against his pillow and began to stroke himself harder.

"It's a pity Caz isn't here to watch." He said wistfully, and I nodded my agreement.

"The only problem with that is that I'd probably get covered in your cum again." I reminded him.

Carol had wanked him to a climax with his cock pointing at me, with the result that my stomach had been sprayed with his spunk. I hadn't minded, in fact it was a strange sort of thrill, especially when Carol had spread some of the slippery cum over my shaft and then slid her hand up and down me. The sensation of having my sister wank me with my cousin's spunk was mind-blowing, and very exciting. When I came she took me in her mouth and I just about exploded down her throat. What a fucking climax.

"Well, you're safe, 'cos she isn't here, although from where I was it looked as though you quite liked it."

"I did." I admitted. "It made my dick all slippery and that felt really good.

"Haven't you ever wanked with baby oil?" He asked me, looking surprised when I shook my head.

"Wait there. It's worth trying." 

He slid out of bed, grabbed a towel and headed out of the door. A couple of minutes later he was back, holding a bottle of baby oil triumphantly before him.

"I knew I'd seen some in the bathroom. Now, let's get some of this on you and you'll be in heaven." 

He advanced towards me across the bedroom. Now, I had assumed that he was going to give me the bottle for me to do it myself, in fact I put my hand out to take it. But instead as he got to the bed he sat on the edge, unscrewed the top, poured a little pool of out into his palm and reached for my cock. He did it so matter of factly that I didn't even complain. In fact before I'd realised what was happening he had coated my cock with oil and was running his hand up and down me. And he was right, I was in heaven.

"Don't worry; I'm not going to finish you off. I'll just make sure you're well covered and then you can carry on with your wank."

Now I knew he was lying and he knew he was lying, but I for one didn't bloody well care. It felt good, really good. Women always say that men don't know how to touch them, and I think the same goes the other way around. Kyle was playing with me like an expert. He was running his fingertips along my shaft, then his palm, then his fingers. Then he would lightly massage the tip with his palm before running his hand back down my length.

After a few minutes and a lot of gasps and sighs from me, he stopped and I thought he really was going to let me finish off, but all he was doing was replenishing the baby oil. Instead of putting it into his hand, this time he poured it straight onto my cock, and the sudden cold made me jump. In turn my sudden movement made him jump and I ended up with two very oily balls as his aim went awry. 

"Ooops, sorry." He said. and cupped my balls in his hand, supposedly to catch the oil as it ran down my scrotum, though I think it just gave him the excuse he wanted to play with me some more. 

I can't say why, but when he started to play and massage my balls I automatically parted my legs to let him further in, and then opened them even more when he reached further down until his fingers were right under my balls, with the tips resting on my perineum. Now there was no pretence. He couldn't pretend he was just trying to recover the errant baby oil. He was playing with me for real, and we both knew it. He looked at me quizzically.

"Is that ok?"

I nodded. My heart was pounding. I felt alarmed at the sudden turn of events, but excited too. I'd never dreamed of this happening, but then I'd never dreamed of being blown by my sister, either. 

"I've never touched a guy before, have you?" I shook my head in answer. I'd never thought I would either, but I knew he'd want me to reciprocate and I knew I would.

"I'm still not going to finish you off, I just want to experiment, do you mind?"

I shook my head again, I was so hot my cock felt hard almost to bursting point.

"No, I don't mind. I'll tell you if I don't like something."

It was his turn to nod, and then, as I lay back, he massaged my cock and balls, slick with oil and seemingly extra sensitive because of it. It was a fantastic feeling, made even hotter by the fact that Kyle was doing it.

Now he routinely included my balls as he stroked me, travelling the length of my cock and then sliding his hand over my balls, and I noticed that each time he did so he was going just a little further down. At first I thought it was accidental, but after a few times I came to the conclusion that he was just seeing how far I would let him go. I opened my legs even wider, drawing back my knees in an unmistakable signal that he could go a lot further yet. God, I never thought I'd ever be doing that.

The next time his hand reached my balls he stayed there, and I felt his fingers begin to investigate into my crack until I felt the very tip of his forefinger skate gently over my anus. It was a very gentle, tentative touch, feather light and over in a second, so quick that it could be denied if need be. But the contact had been made, and we both knew that it now down to me to say no if I wished. I said nothing, and the next time his finger flitted over my arse it was a little firmer and a little slower. I groaned softly with excitement.

Once again his finger moved away, and this time I didn't want it to. But it was soon back and now the tip circled my anus, stroking gently round and round my sphincter, never trying to enter, but all the time telling me of its final intention. I was breathing heavily, gasping with pent up anxiety and anticipation. I knew what was going to happen and I wanted it, but at the same time I was apprehensive about it. I couldn't understand why I was suddenly enjoying intimate male on male contact because I'd never had any gay inclinations before, and I'd be lying if I said it didn't bother me.

Kyle's finger continued to circle my sphincter for a short while and then he placed the tip right on the entrance and paused, keeping his finger still and looking directly at me in unspoken query. I knew exactly what he wanted.

"Yes."

As soon as I gave my consent his finger tip began to move, twisting, pressing and wriggling, seeking entry into my rectum. I pulled my legs right back and moaned with pleasure. My behind was too slippery with oil to deny him for very long and soon his finger had passed the ring of muscle at the entrance and was inside me, as far as I could tell, to about first knuckle depth. Kyle stopped, held still for a minute or so to let me come to terms with it, and then he pushed into me again, this time burying his finger in my arse as far as it would go. It felt marvellous.

I lay back, my hands hooked behind my knees to hold my legs out of the way, and I let Kyle finger-fuck my arse, feeling him going in and out hard and fast. All I needed now was some for of stimulation on my cock and I knew I would have the best climax I'd ever had in my life. I was so fucking horny I was game for anything and I could hear myself moaning, grunting and gasping in time with the thrusts of his finger. I tried to keep it quiet, for the rest of the household were sleeping only a few yards away one side or the other, and even though I managed to muffle most of my involuntary sounds I couldn't stifle them altogether. I just had to hope nobody heard.

Suddenly Kyle stopped and pulled out. There were footsteps on the landing. I kept rigidly still, waiting and hoping that it was either someone heading for the bathroom and who would be gone again in a minute, or that it would be Carol, and that she would come and join in, though what she would make of my position I didn't stop to think. Kyle sat stock still next to me as we listened to the footsteps go into the bathroom then, a minute or two later, retrace their route back. We breathed a sigh of relief.

"It's a good job that happened." I remarked in a whisper. "Another minute or two of that and I would have shot my load."

"Good then, eh?" Kyle grinned happily, and then pointed to his own rigid erection. "So how about you deal with this before I explode."

I just nodded smilingly and lay still for a minute or so to let my heart slow down, and then I slid from the bed to allow Kyle to take my place. As we swapped places I reached out to the bedside cabinet and grabbed the baby oil. I wanted him to enjoy being wanked, and I intended doing to him pretty much what he had done to me. I wasn't sure if I was up for finger-fucking his arse, but I would certainly play with his balls, and maybe beyond.

There was no pretence needed this time, we both knew what was happening and he lay with his legs open ready while I poured oil directly onto his cock. I didn't put much on, and that was just as well, baby oil goes further than you think and as soon as I took hold and ran my hand along it his shaft and balls were all slick, shining, and slippery. I had never touched any cock other than my own, and then the sensation in my cock had disguised the feel of a shaft actually in my hand. So this time I could actually experience and savour the sensation of holding a rigid male cock. I began to wank him, sliding my hand up and down, increasing in pressure and speed until I began to hear the same little whimpers and gasps that I'd been making only a short time before.

Knowing now that Kyle was totally turned on and willing to be touched I poured some baby oil over his balls and started playing with them as well. This again was something new to me and I played with his scrotum longer than I intended, long enough in fact for a bead of precum to form on his cock. But I didn't want him to cum yet, I wanted to explore him as he had me, so I allowed my own fingers to descend under his balls and make their way back to his arse. 

He knew where I was headed and it was obviously what he wanted, because even before I got there his breathing had become erratic with excitement and he had pulled his knees back just like I eventually did. Kyle wanted me to touch his arse, and I'm pretty sure he already wanted to feel my finger inside his rectum, though he didn't say so, for when my fingertip eventually found its way to his rear entrance he sighed with contentment and visibly relaxed. I pushed experimentally and my slippery fingertip had very little trouble finding a way past his sphincter. I'd gone further than I intended already. 

I was a little anxious when I began finger-fucking him. I'd never penetrated an anus before, and I wasn't sure how clean my finger would be as it came out -- you know what I mean -- and I was pleasantly surprised to find nothing at all. So, having got that potential unpleasantness out of the way I began plunge in and out. Kyle was whimpering softly, not with pain, but with such intense excitement and pleasure that he wanted more.

"Owen, that is fucking lovely, can you get another finger in?"

That sounded a bit like Caz as she got around to asking me to fist her, and I certainly wasn't about to try that with Kyle.

"Yes, I think so, but only one."

I took the bottle of baby oil and poured a little into his naval. He looked at me and at the tiny pool of oil with a frown, but it soon became clear to him what I was doing when I rolled two fingertips in it, coating them both with a sheen of baby oil.

My fingers sufficiently lubricated I reached beneath him, seeking is entrance once more. He responded by pulling his legs even wider and further back to let me in. With him in that position I had no trouble wriggling both fingers into his anus and I pushed them deep inside. Kyle groaned and a bead of fluid leaked from the eye of his cock and ran down the shaft. I was so tempted to lick it, and almost certainly would have done if it hadn't been shiny with baby oil. I looked down at him, his legs were as wide as he could get them and as far back as they would go. With his smooth skin and slim build he looked almost feminine.

"You look like a girl waiting to be fucked." I commented smiling.

"Then fuck me!"

I was so shocked that my fingers came to an abrupt stop buried deep in his rectum. I stared at him opened mouthed wondering if I'd really heard him right.

"Go on, do it. Take your fingers out and stick your cock in. I can take it. I want to take it."

I was both repelled and attracted by the idea. My mind instinctively recoiled, but it was overruled by my overheated body. My cock was rock hard, just crying out for release, and here was an offer that would do that. My heart raced, my throat went dry and I nodded silently, withdrawing my fingers from Kyle's rectum and moving round so that I could lie between his legs and enter him.

Even as I lay on top of him I was aware of the fact that this was anal sex I was about to do, and gay anal sex at that. But I didn't care. I liked Kyle and found nothing repugnant about the idea of fucking him. I shifted my weight as I wriggled into position, reaching beneath me to steer myself to his arsehole. But Kyle reached back himself and I felt his hand close around my shaft before I could get there.

"Let me do it, you just push slowly when I say." His voice in my ear was breathless with excitement at what we were about to do.

I did as I was told, resting my weight on my elbows as if he were a girl and waited. He fumbled for a moment or so and then I felt my tip touch warm flesh.

"That's it, push gently." I did, but nothing happened.
