 Summary: Seeing a big black cock in sauna turns straight married man.

Note: This is a Nude Day 2013 Contest Entry.

Note 2: Thanks to MAB7991,Leanne and Goamz for editing this story.

WHITE COCKSUCKER

I went through my mid-life crisis recently, but instead of buying a Porsche or a 800 inch flat screen TV or fucking my twenty-two year old secretary (although it was tempting) Instead I decided to get back in shape. I was an athlete in high school and college, but in my thirties work, family and neglect have added a few more pounds than I was proud to admit. So now in my early forties, I bought a year membership at a fitness club, knowing I was way too cheap not to use it if I paid for it.

I went after work a few times the first week but it was way too busy and by the time I got home it was almost seven...the evening already half gone.

So the second week I shifted to morning workouts. There were only a few people there and it was more of a relaxed atmosphere. By Wednesday, I was getting into a routine and I pushed myself to get to the next level. Unfortunately, my body ached and even after fifteen minutes in the hot tub I was kind of stiff and decided to hit the sauna.

I had been in the sauna maybe a minute when a well-built black man, probably in his late twenties, sat directly across from me. He was made like a football linebacker with tattoos everywhere. I didn't mean to look, but his legs were wide open, and his large black cock was dangling right in front of me. I had heard black guys were hung; but had never put any thought into it until the moment one was right in front of me. Even flaccid, it was bigger than mine when it was completely hard. I didn't mean to stare, but I was in such awe of its length and girth I couldn't take my eyes off it.

"You're new here," he said, distracting me away from his large package.

My face felt flush at the thought of being caught staring at a man's cock, but thankfully I could blame the hot sauna for my red face, and not my embarrassment at staring at his cock. I replied, "Yes, well I worked out last week after work, but found it too busy and I was too tired from the long day at work."

"It is much quieter here in the morning," he agreed.

"I am enjoying it much more," I answered, doing all I could to not be drawn back down between his legs, an invisible magnet seeming to be drawing me down. "Plus I feel more refreshed and energetic all day."

"It is a great way to start the day," he agreed. "What do you do for a living?" He asked.

"Banker, stocks and bonds," I replied. "You?"

Ignoring my question, he said, "That's a pretty stressful job."

"It can be," I shrugged, just as the door opened and another man walked in. He seemed surprised to see me as he stopped looking unsure.

"It's okay, he is new and doesn't know the rules yet," the black man said.

The mid-fifties man still seemed unsure what to do, which baffled me.

"Either in or out, cocksucker," the black man ordered, his soft friendly demeanour suddenly changing.

It was like watching something in slow motion. I know I had heard the words correctly, yet I couldn't quite accept I had. I stared as the older man walked over to the black man, dropped to his knees and took the huge cock in his mouth.

The black man continued talking as if he wasn't getting head in a sauna in front of a stranger, as if it was a natural every day thing. "So banking is a pretty stressful job. What do you do to relieve the stress?"

"I don't know, watch TV, read, work out," I shrugged and joked, unable to avert my eyes from the scene right before me.

"Sorry, what is your name?" He asked.

"Jim," I replied, "you?"

"Doug," he replied. "Married?"

"Yep," I replied, showing the ring, "twenty-one years."

"Marriage a bit stale?" He asked.

"It can be, like all marriages," I shrugged, answering all his questions for some reason.

"You suck cock, Jim?" He asked.

Pulling my eyes away from the blow job, unaware I was again staring, I stammered, "W-w-what?"

"Do you suck cock? Or are you just curious?" He asked.

"Sorry, I'm straight," I clarified.

"You sure?" He asked, implying I wasn't.

"Yeah, I'm sure," I replied, even as my cock began to harden, thankful I had put the towel over me when originally sitting down. "I should get going," I said, beginning to get up.

"Sit down Jim," Doug ordered, his tone instantly shifting again from friendly to authoritative.

For some unexplainable reason I obeyed, and I am not usually one who obeys orders.

"I just need to make sure you know the rules of the morning sauna, Jim," he said, his voice again friendly.

"I didn't realize there were rules," I said, trying to act casual during the very awkward situation.

He chuckled. "In the morning very few people come, although many that do come really come."

I didn't completely understand what he was saying, but did get the 'really come' reference as I watched the live gay act right in front of me, my cock betraying me.

"You see the morning ritual is a mixture of people working out and people getting worked on if you get my drift," he continued.

"I am catching on," I joked, my cock continuing its rise, even as I begged it to behave.

"I doubt you noticed but there are colours on the side of the door outside. Each has a specific significance. Blue means the sauna is currently empty, which it was when you first came in here. Yellow means someone is in the sauna but is actually using the sauna as a sauna like you were assumedly doing."

"Y-y-yes, I was, I mean I didn't know there were rules," I said, again desperate to defend my manhood.

"So I see," he smirked, seeing the tent growing under my towel. "Anyways, green means someone is waiting for a blow job, black means someone black is waiting for a blow job, purple means someone is inside waiting to give head, while orange means someone is inside waiting for some backdoor action."

"Oh my, that is pretty complex," I joked, continuing to act casual about the whole strange experience.

"Lastly, if you see red you are being warned that the sauna is in use like it is right now," he finished.

"I see," I said.

"Do you?" He asked, "It is important you understand the rules."

"It's pretty straight forward," I replied.

"Nice pun," he laughed.

"So I should just avoid the sauna, is that what you are suggesting," I said.

"Unless you want to suck, get sucked, fuck or get fucked," he clarified.

"I don't think so," I said, although I couldn't remember the last time I got a blow job. Looking at the older man bobbing up and down, I wondered briefly if gay men sucked cock better than women.

"I have heard that before," he said, a smirk on his face.

"Oh I am pretty positive. So these are some rather unorthodox rules," I said, before asking, "How do people know these rules and not end up walking in on a...situation?"

"Word of mouth," he replied, laughing at his own pun. "Of course, over time it gets a reputation. Kind of like Cohen's Pub for the ladies."

"What about Cohen's Pub?" I asked, which I knew by reputation was a sports bar in a seedier part of town.

"White sluts, usually married white sluts, who want black cock go there. The color of their nylons defines what they are into," he explained.

"Wow," I said, even as an image of my wife going to such a bar popped into my head, "apparently you learn something new every day."

"That we do," he chuckled.

"I need to get going," I said, trying to hide my now fully erect cock from being seen.

"Go ahead," he smiled.

I stood up, my tent impossible to conceal. "It was nice to meet you Doug."

"You too, Jim," I said. As I reached the door, he added, "When you change your mind I will be here same time, same place, but it is first come, first serve, and I stress the word serve."

"I am not gay," I re-confirmed.

"Either is Samuel here," Doug pointed down. "Are you, Samuel?"

"No sir," the older man replied, as he took the big black cock, which I got to briefly see fully erect, out of his mouth. Just as quickly, the black cock disappeared in the older man's mouth.

"You see, Jim, most white men like yourself are just a trigger away from becoming a cocksucker," he said, the words ludicrous and yet his tone confident.

"Trigger?" I questioned, curious about this theory.

"Yes, a key moment where the idea or opportunity to cross a forbidden line occurs. I imagine yours just occurred today," he said.

"How so?" I asked, even though I should have left right then and there instead of allowing myself to be drawn into this ridiculous theory.

"You are straight and have never had sex with a man, right?" He said.

"Correct," I nodded.

"It has probably never seriously even crossed your mind that you may one day crave a cock in your mouth, has it?" He continued.

"Agreed," I replied, continuing to stay firm, even as I continued to watch the older man bob up and down on Doug's big cock.

"And I imagine your sex life with your wife is predictable, boring and nowhere near frequent enough in your opinion," he said, sadly completely accurate.

"It is fine," I replied, not wanting to admit he was correctly pegging me.

"Fine," he chuckled, "that is a non-descript word if there ever was one. The reality is right now your cock is stiff and ready to shoot and you are in complete denial to the reason why."

"I'm in denial now?" I replied, annoyed by his smug assessment of me. Sure I was hard, and sure watching a guy with another guy getting a blow job turned me on, but that didn't make me gay.

"You will leave now pissed at what I said. You will go to work and do your daily blah routine, but in the back of your mind will be this," he said, standing up, his cock slipping out of the older man's mouth.

I stared at it against my will. It was so thick, so long, so dark and yet undeniably I was drawn to it. I had never in my life seen a black cock, nor had I ever in my life considered a cock to be juicy, yet there was no other way to describe his cock. My mouth salivated and my head got light, which I could blame on how long I had been in the sauna and not a sudden desire to...to...to...suck cock.

His cock swayed like a hypnotist's watch, unable to look away from his big black monster. "Ready to cross the line, cocksucker," he asked.

Being called a cocksucker pulled me out of my daze, even as a chill went up my spine. I was suddenly desperate to get out of there, I stammered, "I-I-I got to go."

He laughed as I rushed out of there, "See you soon."

I quickly got dressed and hurried out of the gym. As I drove to work, I tried to understand what had just transpired.

Why had I gotten hard?

I wasn't gay.

Why couldn't I stop staring at his big black cock?

I wasn't gay.

Why did my mouth water at seeing the full length and width of his juicy cock all wet with another man's slobber?

I wasn't gay.

Why had I just called a cock juicy?

I wasn't gay.

Why could I still see his cock so perfectly in my head?

I wasn't gay.

Why was my cock still straining to get free in my pants?

"I am not gay, I am not gay, I am not gay," I repeated to myself.

At work, I was able to focus on my work until the early afternoon when another co-worker, James, a younger black man, was in the bathroom when I was. I was taking a piss when he moved to the urinal beside me and pulled out his cock. The first thing that popped in my head was 'I wonder if he had a big cock too'. I desperately tried to finish urinating, but my eyes began to move to look down over the divider between the urinals and get an answer my question. Before I knew it I was staring at my co-worker's cock. As soon as I got a good look, which confirmed the rumour that black men are hung, I stared back at the wall. I finished peeing even as my cock began growing.

Back in my office, I cursed myself, praying he didn't notice me glance at his smaller than Doug's but still very thick and long cock. I locked my office door and decided to just jerk off. I figured once I shot a load, I could focus properly. It was like when I was in college and fucked an unattractive chick: I rationalized, while horny, a mouth is a mouth and a cunt is a cunt. However, once I shot my load in or on her, I was mortified by my lack of judgement.

I pulled my cock out, closed my eyes and began pumping. I usually stroked myself fantasizing about Janice my blonde big breasted twenty-two year old secretary, or Allison another co-worker who was a fiery redhead with the tightest ass ever, or Mrs. Walker, my daughter's long-legged English teacher. Yet, as my balls began to boil, it was Doug's big, juicy, black cock that popped in my head. Horny as hell, I allowed the fantasy to get me off.

"Come get your treat, cocksucker," Doug ordered, his big cock lying flaccid between his legs.

I walked over to him, dropped to my knees and took his cock in my mouth.

"That's it cocksucker, suck me the way your wife used to suck yours when she was young," he ordered.

Remembering when Susan used to deep throat cock suck and swallow, I bobbed hungrily taking more of his thick cock with each forward bob.

"Good boy," he moaned, as I took all his cock in my mouth.

I moaned back on his cock, excited that I was pleasing him.

My cum sprayed up in the air like a missile launch as my orgasm exploded out of me, an orgasm way more intense than any my usual quick stroke fantasies. I shook my head, quickly cleaned myself off and put my cock away.

Thankfully, having come, I again thought the idea of blowing a man was ridiculous; although I was embarrassed the idea got me off in the first place, I was once again able to focus on work.

That night at home, I vaguely listened to my wife, Susan, ramble on about her day, was reminded that my daughter's high school graduation was in a week and stammered when she asked, "How was your day?"

"I-I-I um fine," I answered, laughing at myself as I remembered Doug's definition of 'fine',

"You sure?" Susan asked, noticing me babble.

"Just a long day and my body is a bit sore," I said, which was true.

"Did you use the sauna after your workout?" She asked.

"Yeah for a bit?" I said, deciding not to tell her what I witnessed.

The rest of the night was normal. At bedtime, I tried to get some action with Susan, but she said she was too tired. As I lay in bed, I pondered if I should go workout in the morning. Deciding I would just avoid the sauna, I wasn't going to let some stranger change my routine which I had began to enjoy.

.....

The next morning, I arrived at my regular time and worked out with only a couple others in the gym. Doug wasn't there, although I didn't recall seeing him working out the last time either.

My workout done, I was going to the locker room when, like a magnet, I was drawn to the sauna.

Walking towards the sauna, I saw a chubby black man from behind take the orange card out and put the red card in. My cock began to rise at the thought of what was about to happen in the sauna, as I tried to remember what orange meant. I pulled open my phone to check as I typed them all in yesterday out of amusement. He was going to be fucked in the ass by some guy! I shook my head at how surreal this all felt as I headed to the locker room.

As I headed to the locker, I felt a strange sense of disappointment even though I had no intention of going in the sauna. Yet, as I got dressed, an undeniable growing hunger filled me. My cock was again hard at the thought of what was occurring in that sauna right then. Once dressed, I decided fuck it; I went to the far bathroom stall to shoot a load, thinking a quick pump and shoot would get me focused on my work today.

I was furiously pumping my meat when I heard footsteps and then Doug's voice in the stall beside me. "That you, Jim?"

I froze. I considered lying, I considered not speaking, but in the end I answered, "Yeah."

"You jerking off?" He asked.

I stammered, "N-n-no."

"I think you are. I think you went to the sauna and saw it was being used and were disappointed. But it got you hard, even though you don't know why, do you, Jim?" He said, completely summarizing my current emotional state.

"No, I don't," I admitted, just as I noticed a hole in the panel between us.

"I know why," he said as his big, thick, cock snaked through the hole. "You crave black cock. You didn't know you did, but once you saw mine yesterday it is all you have been able to think about, isn't it Jim?"

I stared at it, now just inches from my face, looking even bigger up close. Like Pavlov's dog, my mouth instantly watered as if I was conditioned to salivate when I saw a juicy black cock.

"Did you masturbate yesterday after seeing my cock, Jim?"

"No," I lied.

"You're lying to me, Jim. I can hear it in your voice. Be honest Jim, you masturbated yesterday didn't you?" He asked again.

"Yes," I admitted, embarrassed.

"And you thought about my cock, didn't you, Jim?" he asked, his tone implying he already knew the answer.

"Yes, fine, that doesn't make me gay," I frustratingly answered.

"I never called you gay," he clarified, his cock staring me in the face. My mouth was watering as if his cock was a juicy steak.

"What else would I be if I sucked cock?" I asked.

"A straight cocksucker," he answered.

"That isn't gay?" I asked, moving closer to his cock to take a closer look.

"No, you are gay if you only suck and fuck men, Jim. You don't just suck and fuck men do you, Jim?"

"Of course not," I said, his logic making strange logical sense in my confused mind.

"I can feel your hot breath on my cock, Jim," Doug pointed out. "It's okay, Jim, I know what you want, what you need. Just go ahead, Jim. Get rid of the curiosity that has overwhelmed you since yesterday. Accept that you are hungry for black cock and submit to your natural born submissive desires," Doug said, his words somehow sounding logical.

I knew this was it. The moment that would forever change who I saw myself as sexually. The moment I stood up and walked out proving my straightness or the moment I leaned forward, crossed the invisible line of straightness.

"Now or never, straight cocksucker," Doug ordered. "There are lots of other white straight boys who would beg to be in your position right now."

Being called a cocksucker somehow turned me on. The thought of sucking his cock took over my every thought. I leaned forward, opened my mouth and took the thick, juicy, semi-erect black cock head in my mouth.

"That's it, Jim," he purred. "Worship my cock like you have craved to do since you first saw it."

Somehow the absurdity of his words soothed me. His dick in my mouth, I suddenly wanted to please him, to worship him, to be his good straight cocksucker. I swirled my tongue around his mushroom top, loving the rare times my wife would tease me with her tongue.

"Making love to my cock, are you?" He chuckled. "How long have you been holding back these repressed desires? You are obviously a natural born cocksucker."

Again his words were ridiculous, but all I cared about now was his juicy cock in my mouth. I took more in and marvelled at how it hardened in my mouth like magic. A sudden pride washed over me knowing his cock was becoming iron stiff because of my mouth. I only had maybe a quarter in my mouth and wondered if getting all of it in my mouth could even be possible.

He moaned as his cock became fully stiff which sent a chill of excitement up my back. I couldn't believe I was sucking a cock, a black cock, in a public bathroom and yet I couldn't imagine not doing it now. I loved the feeling of his cock in my mouth, it felt so natural so fulfilling.

"Do you like my cock in your mouth, cocksucker?" He asked a couple of minutes into my slow back and forth bobbing, as I attempted to adjust to taking more of him in my mouth.
