 Author's note: First of all, thank you, everyone, for reading this. Second of all, criticism is appreciated, but I'm afraid some of you will still be disappointed. This story was thought as a short story, and I guess this shows through. After this chapter, there will be just one more, and the story will be wrapped up. Hope you will enjoy.

*****

Andy was Brad's boyfriend now. It was official. When the next day, everybody saw them coming to school together in Brad's nice car, the rumors fed the entire school. Brad was looking happy, holding Andy by his shoulders, while Andy... well, he was feeling lost, but on the outside, he tried to smile and pretend that he was happy, too.

Everywhere Brad went, Andy tagged along, like a silent puppy. Brad was presenting Andy like a trophy, he was really proud and word had it that many of Brad's friends had been filled up with the story of the conquest and the hot moments happened between the two. Andy was unaware of these particular aspects of the relationship with his beloved Brad and he did not suspect anything. But many girls and even some of the boys pitied him, while others commented and laughed behind his back. 

One day, after school, he was waiting for Brad by the car, when, from nowhere, Jack appeared by his side, almost scaring him. 

"Hey, Andy, how are you today?" Jack said smiling.

He grabbed Andy by the waist and pulled him in his arms. Andy moved his head so Jack could not kiss him and the bad boy laughed sadly:

"So you forgot me so quick? Geez, and I thought that night meant something to you... That means that Brad is great in the sack?" Jack asked raising an eyebrow and forcing Andy to look at him, by holding his chin with one hand, still keeping him close. 

"No, Jack, that means you 'forgot' to meet me that day." Andy finally raised his bright and moist blue eyes, fixing Jack in a painful, resentful way. "Why? Could you please tell me? What was I to you?" 

"Andy..." Jack was holding his breath. "... I want to kiss you so much, I missed you like crazy, do you know that?"

"No, I don't." 

Andy forced his way out of Jack's hands until the boy let him go. And it was just the right time, as Brad was strutting towards them, his face red, his fists clenched. He simply launched himself at Jack and hit him hard in the face. All of a sudden, the teenagers happening to be around gathered up enclosing them, as the two started fighting, giving and taking punches. Andy tried to break them apart but to no avail. He started shouting at them to stop, but neither could hear him, all clenched in the fight. Jack finally got the upper hand and straddled Brad, sitting in top of him. He was strangling him and Andy grabbed his shoulder, begging:

"Jack, stop, please, stop, let him!"

Jack looked at the scared face and he finally let Brad breathe. Then he got up and said mockingly:

"That means I won, right? You are so god damn lucky that your pretty boyfriend begged me to stop or I would have given you a lesson! Nobody, do you hear me? Nobody touches me!" Jack hovered menacing over Brad, staring at him until the football player agreed and nodded. 

Andy hurried to help Brad get up, but the boy was angered and refused the offered hand with a curt movement. He got up by himself and could not stop whispering at Jack who was standing right there, ready to restart the fight:

"What, was it not enough? Tell me your price and I will think about it..."

"What is he talking about, Jack?" Andy asked, feeling left out. But Jack did not even look at him, throwing heavy looks in Brad's direction.

"Brad, I would keep my mouth shut if I were you..."

Jack's snake like voice was low and insinuating.

And Brad fell silent. He just stood there, looking furious, mad even, but silent. Jack took off, but before that, he threw back another dart:

"Yeah, I thought so..."

Andy tried to reach Jack but Brad put his hand on his shoulder and chided him like he was a small child:

"What were you doing with him? Don't you know who that is? You promised me, Andy, why don't you listen?"

"But, Brad, he came to me, I did not do anything!" Andy shouted and he felt despair creeping into his soul, like he was not in control at all. 

Jack heard everything as he was still not very far away. He turned and smiled at Andy, and blew an air kiss at him. 

***

Brad guided Andy to the car, while the crowd was dissipating. He drove, trying to look cool and he did not change a word with his boyfriend. He detoured and stopped the car in a remote place, behind a deserted building. He was still angry when he talked to Andy. 

"Andy, get here!" 

Andy got closer and Brad grabbed his neck and started kissing him furiously. Then he pushed Andy's head towards his groin, till the young boy's face was buried in his crotch. Brad commanded:

"Suck me!"

"W-what?" Andy mumbled and tried to raise his head, but Brad pushed him back.

"Suck my dick and make me come! C'mon, Andy, don't be such a prude, I already fucked you, now I need this! Open the zipper, pull my boy out and get your soft lips there! Make me happy!"

Andy felt the despair in Brad's tone so he did what was asked of him. He started to wet the soft tip of the penis with his pink tongue and Brad grunted. Andy engulfed the shaft in his mouth and began slurping and sucking on it. In fact, he was dreaming about a moment like this, since seeing the first skin magazines. Brad was enjoying himself really good.

"Yeah, like this, Andy, like this, work me like a pro, make me come in your mouth, I want you to taste me, taste my cum, yeah!"

Brad squirted in Andy's mouth holding his head still, forcing the kid to swallow everything. When Andy finally was allowed to rise, Brad kissed him curtly on the lips and said:

"You are damn good, Andy! I think I love your mouth just as much as your tight ass." 

Andy had a throbbing erection that was killing him. He realized he had enjoyed that, sucking Brad's dick and he was really turned on, feeling the taste of cum in his mouth. So he pleaded to Brad:

"Brad, please, I need to come, too!"

"Oh, I see," Brad finally noticed the bulge that was pitching Andy's pants. 

He unbuttoned them and pulled out the hard dick. He started stroking, but not gentle, so Andy felt that the tension amassed so far was making him explode. He wished to ask Brad to work on him slowly, so he could enjoy it, but he could not manage to do that, as his sperm gushed out, making him squirm in the chair. When he opened his eyes, he saw Brad wiping his hands with a tissue that he throw off the car window and igniting the engine. He remembered how Jack had eaten his sperm that night, on his parents' porch. It was like he had lost something precious and he could not bear the feeling.

***

It was Saturday night and Andy and Brad were at a party. Andy could not believe that they were dating for five weeks now, that he was truly Brad's boyfriend, even though in that moment it did not seem that way. As soon as they entered the door, Brad reunited with his friends and went to a drinking contest with them. Andy hated that, so he was excused from taking part, not being a heavy drinker. 

He exited the house and stood on a bench in the small garden situated in the back of the house. Lost in thoughts, he began to sum up all the events in his recent existence. He liked, in a way, being with Brad. Even though the sex part was not so great. Brad fucked him anytime he wanted and that was pretty frequent, almost every day of the week, after school. But he hurried too much, he did not take the time to make Andy feel good, so the boy got used to what was given to him. He sighed. Brad never took his dick in his mouth, he tried to ask that of him, but, somehow, that did not happen. Of course, Brad enjoyed to be sucked dry by Andy, and Andy really enjoyed that part, but that was all. 

Andy caught himself thinking again at Jack. He closed his eyes and dreamed about those hazel eyes, about that look on his face when he tasted Andy's cum, like he was eating the best meal in the universe. He remembered those words, how Jack told him that his cream was sweet and he felt a tremble crossing his entire body from head to toe. 

He put his hands in his crotch and started rubbing his dick first through the clothes, not taking it out, afraid that he might get caught by somebody. It was quite dark and nobody else seemed to be around, so Andy felt the urge to masturbate and finally encouraged himself to get to work. He unzipped his pants and let the dick breathe in some air. He pushed the skin off the head and started to rub it, his breath keeping the pace of his hand.

"And why would you not let me do that?" Andy heard a familiar voice and he jumped. 

When he saw Jack in front of his eyes, his face impossible to read, he could not believe it. So he tried to sound casual:

"What are you doing here? I have not seen you in school lately, I thought you left town."

"Only for a while, baby, I had to put orders in some things."

The way Jack called him "baby" always made Andy feel butterfly wings flapping against the walls of his stomach. He did not know how that was possible, Jack touching him with words more that Brad ever succeeded touching him with his entire body. And he loved Brad, or so he thought. But Jack was still present in all his dirtiest fantasies and he'd surprised himself thinking of Jack even when he came in Brad's hands. 

Now, the dirty fantasy was standing there, inches from him, looking sexier than ever. Andy died to touch him, just to hold him a little. Jack stopped the thread of his thoughts:

"Tell me, Andy, did you miss me, at least, one bit?" His tone was serious, Jack sounded tired, maybe sad.

"I have a boyfriend, Jack," Andy said sadly, and he felt like adding because you left me, but he did not dare, afraid of his own feelings. 

"Yeah, I have noticed, but how come you are here, alone, spanking your monkey, all by yourself?" 

Jack laughed, a bit of mockery in his voice. 

"Where is your gorgeous Brad, your everlasting love? Doesn't he keep you satisfied, baby? Or, he is so great that every minute away from Brad you think of him and you cannot take your hands of your dick? Wow, now that is really something, I did not peg him for that type..."

"What type?" Andy whispered.

"Oh, you know, the type you dream of fucking all the time."

"And why is that?" Andy tried to sounded cool, while his heart was yelling. You're that type, Jack!

"Eh, I don't know, he looks great, with all those muscles and his blonde hair, but, to me, he does not seem like a great lover... but looking at you... seeing you like this, makes me think that I might be wrong."

Jack knelt in front of the bench, casually, with feline grace, like everything he did. His presence was overwhelming for Andy, though, even if Jack's head was now sitting lower than his. He felt turned on only by Jack's mere presence, he found that really scary, but he could not help it. 

Jack tried to look him in the eyes, but the poor light and the dark spot they were standing in, made that a hard job. 

"So, Andy, are you happy?" He sounded serious.

"Yes, more than ever."

"Oh, I see," Jack fell silent. 

But Andy suddenly grabbed Jack's shirt and kissed him abruptly on the mouth, almost knocking their teeth together. 

"I missed you, Jack, I missed you," he whispered, almost crying, "where the hell have you been?" 

"I'm here, baby, I'm here," Jack responded, kissing the full lips. "I thought you were happy..."

"I'm not, well, I'm not! Are you satisfied now?" 

"Hush, baby, hush! I want you really bad, I missed you, too, but you are with Brad now, isn't that what you hoped for?"

"It was, until I met you. Now, please, kiss me!"

Jack complied and started kissing Andy on his sweet face, on the closed eyes, on the wet cheeks, on the full lips. He remained down and he put his hand on Andy's cock, stroking it gently. Andy grunted softly and released a small cry of surprise, when Jack lowered his head and took the hard dick in his mouth. 

Then he let himself enjoy the feeling. The boy was sucking on his cock like it was a delicious lollipop, he was making soft long moves, than he started to move faster, bringing Andy close to his release. But he was stopping, letting the need for explosion fade away just a little to start over and over again. Andy was on cloud number nine now, he was feeling like he was getting the blowjob of his life. 

It was his first, really, and that thought made him tremble with desire and longing. Jack's mouth and tongue, which he used to circle the penis head from time to time to make Andy squirm, were amazing. Andy could not hold it any longer and he let Jack know with a small, strangled voice:

"I'm coming, I'm coming!"

Jack engulfed the whole dick in his mouth and kept it there till the last drop of Andy's semen got in his throat. He withdrew carefully and licked his lips, smiling at Andy, who looked back at him, his face beaming.

"Thank you, Jack, that was amazing, amazing, amazing!" Andy felt like dancing, like jumping, but he kissed Jack and tasted his own cum from the boy's lips.

"Nobody did that to you, baby?" Jack asked, while kissing gently Andy's nose and forehead, sitting all spread over the lithe body and pushing between his legs. 

Andy became sad again. 

"Brad is ok, you know, but he does not... I mean, gush, I don't know how to tell you..."

"He doesn't suck your dick," Jack said sharply. Andy sensed that Jack was a little furious, but he did not deny it.

"No, he does not like it, I guess, I don't know why... we do not really talk about things ..."

"And I guess he does not do other things either, right?"

"I don't know, what things? He..."

"Yes, baby, what?"

"He is fucking me," Andy said in one breath and blushed, happy that it was so dark and Jack could not see his face very well.

"Oh, and how do you like it?"

"I don't know, I guess it's good..."

"You guess..." now Jack seemed really amused. "This means it's not." He was really laughing now and Andy started to squirm a little under his weight.

"No, Jack, it's not like this. I mean, I guess I don't like that kind of sex too much. I like kissing and touching and sucking... but that is just ok," Andy sighed.

"You mean, ass-fucking?"

"Yes," Andy felt like his cheeks just caught fire. 

Jack stood up and sat down on the bench next to Andy. He circled his shoulders with one arm and with the other hand caressed the cheeks and the sweet mouth. 

"Andy, you are so sweet... I love kissing your lips, I love sucking on your nice dick, I love feeling your body... you're beautiful, you know that?"

"Jack..."

"Hush, I want you to hear all these, you deserve it." 

"Jack, you're hard," Andy exclaimed when he accidentally placed his hand over Jack's crotch.

"Yes, I am, this is how you make me feel, Andy. That day, in the parking lot, when I held you in my arms, I wanted you so badly, I wished I could take you with me..."

"Why didn't you come that day, to meet me?"

Jack frowned.

"Err, it was all mixed up then..."

"Mixed up? How?" Andy inquired, feeling a little restless and uneasy.

"There was Brad... and the things you said... you were liking him for years, you'd just met me, it was kind of..."

Andy felt that Jack was hiding something, but he did not let that thought bother him right in that moment. So he decided to let it slip and started to kiss Jack in passionately. 

"Hey, gorgeous, do you remember that you promised me something?" Jack asked with a heated voice, interrupting the kiss, so they could breathe. "Can I have it now?"

"Yes, yes," Andy mumbled, "ask me anything, Jack, ask me all that you want, you make me feel so good..."

"I want to fuck you, baby, will you let me? Will you let me put my dick in your sexy ass? I want to lick you down there, I want to taste your hole before I enter you..." Jack was murmuring while planting sweet gentle kisses on Andy's neck and ears, making the boy feel like his skin was on fire.

"I want it, Jack, but I am afraid, I am so afraid that it hurts..." 

"I will make it good for you, trust me, gorgeous, I will take you to paradise..."

Andy was not sure of that, but he let Jack undress him. Then, he got up, so Jack could drink in his whole figure and lay down on the grass, spreading his legs wide open and calling Jack to take him. Jack threw off his clothes, hurried and aroused like hell. Andy held out one hand and grabbed Jack's big dick. He felt like dying of pleasure, his dick was throbbing, too, and he was enjoying immensely that sensation of happiness that was coursing through his young body. 

"Let me get it slick, it is so big," he asked, and Jack let him take his penis to the lips and suck on it gently. 

Jack sighed and grunted and finally he asked:

"Andy, baby, please, stop, or I will come too soon and I want to be inside you." 

He raised the slender legs up in the air and started licking the nice bud of Andy's ass. Andy felt like electricity was riding through him. He let Jack ravish his anus with his slick tongue and felt something that he never had felt with Brad. Like Jack was opening something secret inside of him. When Jack let go of his ass, he felt deserted. But then he felt the tip of Jack's cock pushing on the entrance and starting to slip inside very, very slow. 

"How is it, baby? How does it feel? Does it hurt?" Jack's voice showed real concern and Andy raised a little to kiss him.

"No, Jack, please, fuck me already!"

Jack did not need any more encouragement, so he started to move, gently at first, but when Andy hurried him, by grabbing his hips and urging him to enter more, he let himself go. He started to fuck Andy powerfully, their bodies fitting perfectly. He whispered dirty words, and Andy felt his dick getting hard as rock, when Jack finally entered balls deep in him, pushing an internal button, that secret place, and Andy begged:

"Jack, it's so good, please, touch me there, inside, with your dick, like this, again... aarrrhh, please, don't stop, please, fuck me... fuck me, fuck me harder..."

Jack was more than happy to oblige to such sweet begging and penetrated Andy's ass in a steady rhythm. He took Andy's hard dick in his hand and he began rubbing it, eliciting dirty moans from Andy's beautiful lips. When he felt that Andy was coming, he pushed himself deep in that amazing ass that was gripping his dick, sucking it inside and then, they came together, moaning loudly. 

They fell in the grass, Jack over Andy, both satiated. 

"Jack, it was amazing... I have never felt it before... how do you know..."

"Eh, baby," Jack said trying to catch his breath, "I just love giving it to you, you are my best fuck ever."

"Jack, please, don't lie! I'm just..."

"What? Beautiful? Sexy?" 

Andy laughed. He was really happy, really, really happy. He was glad that Jack was so good at fucking. Brad was nothing like Jack in this field. No, nothing like Jack... he concluded. It was like eating bread for ages and then trying the tastiest cake ever. 

"Shut up! You're making me feel bad..."

"Why, because you have a gorgeous ass and I would like to get up in the morning with my dick in it?"

Andy laughed again. Jack was so funny and good-natured and, yeah, most of all, incredibly sexy. Brad was gone from his mind like an unwanted guest. He squeezed the broad shoulders in his arms and kissed Jack deeply. They stood there, with their legs tangled, for several minutes, kissing and enjoying one another, like the entire world was gone from their view.

What am I going to do now? Andy asked himself while still holding Jack close in his arms, his head on the generous, hard chest, as the sex heat started to fade from his young body. Jack was caressing his hair and they were both silent now. Jack spoke first.
