 Sunday passed by with Andy spending most of his time indoors, trying to read something, but, in fact, doing nothing but dream about Jack. He almost cursed himself for being so weak, he so wanted to turn his thoughts to Brad! At least, there, he felt safe. Safe, in like being ignored by Brad and Andy helplessly in love, but that was a feeling that he was used to, not something new and refreshing rattling his nerves. 

So he tried and tried to chase away Jack from his mind, but to no avail. That face, boyish, but made of a rougher material than Andy's, with something of a man in it, haunted him for the entire day, mixing up the words from the book lied down in front of him. Even late at night, sleep refused to come and Andy left for school Monday morning feeling nervous and overly excited.

Now, in the schoolyard, he was again in Jack's arms. Andy felt like crying and laughing at the same time. When he finally drew up his breath, he realized all the other kids were hurrying towards their classrooms. Jack let him go of him, but not before whispering against his moist lips:

"Wait for me after hours, in the back of the cafeteria. I want to show you a good time."

Andy nodded and then ran towards his classroom, worrying about being late and trying not to think anymore about Jack's velvet tongue and the meaning of his words. 

While Andy was in class, learning about Contemporary History, an interesting conversation was taking place in the boys' bathroom. Jack was standing face to face with Brad and the blond football player looked interested in hearing the news.

"So how did things go with the little boy?"

"Do you really want all the details?" Jack asked, the same mockery back in his voice. "Would you like to know how his face looks when he cums? Or how he pleads for more when touched down there?"

Jack was looking a little frightening with his leather jacket collar raised up, his hands in his pockets, sitting carelessly against a sink and studying without shame Brad's finer traits. Brad scrutinized Jack with sort of astonishment and contempt, but he looked pretty interested in what the bad boy had to say about Andy. 

"Yes, yes, tell me everything, I want to know if he is ready to get fucked... you know, I normally do not waste my time with beginners, even though they have, of course, a certain charm... but, you know, all that hesitation, 'Oh, I must take it in my mouth right now? Can't we wait? What if I don't like it?', you know, all the whining, shit like this... it's annoying and boring..."

"Oh, then why are you so interested in the boy? He is rather shy."

"Yes, but I like him, he has such a cute face and a gorgeous body, and I would love to have him under me, squirming and pleading for more... so, come on, tell me, is he ready to take it up the ass or not?"

"Oh, he is ready alright... but I am not sure if your technique is exactly what he needs."

"Let me be the judge of that!" Brad came in front of the other boy, trying to look a little more frightening than usual, but failing.

"Hey, take it easy, what got into you? Relax, the boy admires you, he would do anything that you ask of him. Frankly, I don't know what you needed me for, as a matter a fact, he may as well fall in love with me..."

"With you? Don't make me laugh!"

A strange light fired Jack's eyes for a mere second and faded away.

"Exactly," he sighed, "why would Andy do that... Anyway, I walked him home Saturday night as you told me to and I showed him a few tricks."

"Tricks? What tricks?"

"Oh, well, I showed him how it is like being kissed and caressed and turned on and... how good a hand job can be when it is performed by somebody else. He is ripe for fucking, I'm telling you, man, you don't have to wait any longer."

"Well, thanks for the info and for the help, of course. Here is your money... and all this remains between you and me, OK?"

"OK," Jack said curtly, pushing the money in his pocket without even looking. "But, Brad, let me tell you something... I think that you needed me to prepare Andy only because you did not want everybody seeing you running after a virgin and led by the nose by a sweet piece of ass. Afraid of being refused, wonder boy?"

"I suggest you keep your opinions to yourself." Brad smiled icily. "And I want to tell you this. You got paid, you don't know me. Dig me?"

"Oh, I dig you," Jack started laughing, leaving Brad with a big sign of surprise on his face. "And don't forget, you find him in the back of the cafeteria, after classes, waiting to get fucked really good. I hope you can deal with his passion... it burns really bad this thing, you know, a virgin's love?"

"I can handle it, don't worry," Brad said, in the same chilled tone.

They parted without shaking hands, and Brad was looking quite happy after having this conversation with the high school black sheep. The future was looking bright and he could not wait to have Andy in his bed. As for Jack, after he exited the bathroom, his face became anxious, his eyes turned darker and his hands clenched in his pockets. And that was supposed to be an easy task! Who would have thought?

With his heart pumping hard, Andy went directly to the meeting place as soon as the classes were over. Nobody was there and he felt his heart falling a bit. He sat there with his back against the wall, looking down and feeling miserable. So he was fairly surprised when a hand grabbed his chin. Right in front of him was standing Brad, looking as beautiful and untouchable as before.

"Andy, what are you doing here?"

"Aah, Brad, hi! I... I mean... I was supposed to..."

"To meet your boyfriend, right? Well, he is not coming, how about that?"

"He..."

"Yeah, that's right, he left you here, to wait like a fool!"

"How..."

"Hush, I know many things that a little boy like you doesn't."

"I'm not that little!" Andy felt angered all of a sudden.

"Of course, you just need more time to grow." Brad was mocking him and Andy started to feel even worse.

Brad scrutinized the beautiful face and said abruptly:

"How about spending the afternoon with me, then? What do you say about that?"

"I'd love to," Andy managed to mutter, but, strangely and surprising for him, he was sad that Jack left him like that, without a word, without seeing him. And he supposed to be happy to be with Brad, his love for almost four years of high school.

"You don't look very excited to be with me ... Maybe you want to be alone, then!"

"Oh, no, Brad, I am so glad you came, I feel so ashamed, I want to be with you, I did not know if I have a chance after Saturday night..."

"Hey, hey, easy, easy, let's go, there is no need to explain. Jack is 'past tense', right?" Brad asked, looking very attentive in Andy's eyes.

"Jack? Jack who?" Andy mumbled, but he was on the edge of crying, without even knowing why. 

Brad circled Andy's waist and all of a sudden, pushed his tongue into his mouth. Taken aback, Andy had an instinct of pushing him away, but he let Brad kiss him, after all, it was him who he loved and he supposed to feel good in his arms. He kissed back, but a tear ran down his cheek. That kiss was nothing like the kisses he got from Jack, but he tried not to think at the comparison. 

Maybe he was a little shaken, a little tired and a little too consumed. He lied to himself and embraced Brad powerfully. Brad interpreted that as lust and started to snake his hands inside Andy's clothes, eager to touch that perfect skin and to enjoy himself really good. After all, he was not used to long after somebody, not even those few days that he had spent thinking about taking Andy's cherry. 

So he pushed and pushed and managed to undress Andy of his t-shirt and then he started to unbutton his pants. In that moment, Andy stopped.

"Brad, what are you doing?"

"What does it look like, Andy? I want to see you all naked!"

"Brad, please, not like this!"

"What? Oh, fuck, you were all over the floor at my house with Jack! He was like fucking you through your clothes! And now you act like a stupid girl! What the fuck!"

"Brad, please, don't be mad, I am afraid that somebody can see us, we can get expelled, you know..."

"Oh, I guess you are right, we are on school property and the principle will not appreciate this kind of extra-curricular activities. OK, put your shirt on and let's go!"

Andy got dressed and followed Brad, that was walking rapidly in front of him. He was barely keeping up the pace and soon, he realized that they were going towards Brad's house. He did not like that, even if it was what he wanted, him and Brad, being together, but everything was happening too fast, the kiss had been almost brutal, lacking affection and he felt incredibly sad. 

He thought about Jack, even if his mind was reeling, he wondered what happened, all seemed OK and, now, all of a sudden, that. Maybe Jack got tired of him really quick, and he told Brad where Andy was to spare himself of a scene. Andy felt like a ball passed between players, like in a mental game. He could not put all the pieces of the puzzle together, there was something missing, he felt it in his blood, and now he found himself running after Brad, without wanting it. 

***

They got to Brad's house and the football player grabbed his arm and almost pushed him inside. Andy was scared a little and tried to speak:

"Brad, please, this is too quick!"

"What do you mean?" Brad was already taking his clothes off. "Take your clothes off, too! I wanna see you naked! Now!"

His harsh tone made Andy tremble, but not from desire, but from fear. He began to undress, but Brad came to him and hurried him to get naked. 

When they were both in their birthday suits, Andy was feeling almost nauseated. Brad took him in his arms and began kissing him, leaving wet and red marks on the soft skin:

"I want you, Andy! Don't you want me, too?"

"Yes, yes," muttered Andy, almost certain that he had to say 'No' but could not.

The boys got on the couch, Brad on top on Andy's slender body. A hand began pushing against Andy's legs, forcing them open and spread. Then, the sinful hand got between the round firm buttocks and a finger began pushing in the entrance. Andy pushed back and tried to escape, but Brad was keeping him still, pushed in the couch.

"Don't move! Stop it! It will hurt you good! Damn it!"

"Brad, please, please, it hurts too much!"

"Andy, you are here, naked, under me. No way that you will get out of here with your cherry intact, do you hear me?"

From that moment Andy did not speak a word more. He heard that it hurt the first time and he tried not to think about the pain, he tried to feel a little bit aroused, but nothing came out of it. Brad spit in his palm and began massaging Andy's tight ass entrance. Andy calmed down a bit and let in the sensation of being penetrated like this. The now slick fingers entered him slowly, Brad trying hard to be patient with the little virgin. 

"I am going to put my dick in you. Bite this if it hurts too much," he gave Andy a small pillow. 

Andy grasped it like it was a life-saver, closed his eyes and tried to relax a bit. Brad's hard cock pushed inside and the pain was horrendous, stinging like hell. Andy's body was covered in sweat, tears were running freely down his cheeks now, while Brad was working on him. 

The pain began to fade away, and Andy's breath finally transformed into a ragged whisper.

"Do you like it, Andy? Do you like me to fuck you?" Brad's eyes were bright and he looked happy.

So Andy was grateful for that, he wanted to make Brad happy, so he murmured a 'yes' even though the sensation that was surging his body was not one of pleasure. The pain was not so great anymore, but he still felt uneasy. He closed again his eyes, trying to compose an aroused face, but he knew better now. He did not enjoy sex. 

He was fairly convinced now that he preferred a good hand job instead of this horrible pain and bad sensation. Brad was pumping harder now and he released himself inside Andy, with a final growl. He collapsed on the young boy's body, and covered Andy's face with kisses, trying to make him feel a little better. 

"How is it, Andy? How do you feel?"

"I'm OK," Andy whispered, but his heart was shouting something else. 

Brad was satisfied enough with the answer, so he got up and said:

"I am going to take a shower, care to join me?" 

So Andy got up, too, took Brad's hand and joined him in the shower. He slowly washed, looking strangely at his body, trying to figure out what was lost, what was different, and he could not see anything. Afterward, Brad helped him dress up and Andy felt a little cared for, but not loved and cherished like he had been dreaming for years. He bid a sad farewell to Brad and the football player did not seem to care much about Andy's state of mind. He just kissed him hard again on the mouth and said:

"Andy, you are now my boyfriend. So don't mess around with Jack anymore!" He seemed dead serious about it, and Andy asked himself why Brad was talking about Jack when he was supposed to not care one bit about that. But he just nodded and left.

To be continued.