 Andy was feeling a little dizzy when his mother woke him in the morning to go to school. He had a pretty rough night, tossing and turning and thinking about the day that was ahead of him. But, most of all, he thought a lot about what had happened the weekend that had just passed. 

He was really afraid to show up in school, terrified of what would others think of him now, after everything. But a little bit of joy was born inside his soul, making him tremble with desire. Once again. Not again, a small voice said, but something else, stronger even than him, was restless and unnerving, leaving his bones like melted butter. 

He finally woke up, ate something that his mother had left for him in the kitchen and then, all washed and dressed up, he encouraged himself to take one step after the other. Last year in high school and this had to happen! Andy was still dumbfounded, what was that all about, after all? 18 years and one mistake! 

Only one mistake, he thought! But that seemed enough to make of him now the laughing stock of the entire school. And he could not understand why, after all these years of being a good boy, of learning all stuck up in books and taking care to be a perfect normal teenager. Eat well, learn for hours, exercise as you may and please, don't do all that stuff that kids do when they want to upset their parents! 

All was laid out pretty nicely for him until he got struck. Struck by what? By lightning? Somehow, that seemed a little bit more alluring for the moment, but, in fact, Andy was glad to be alive. So alive!

He passed the gateway and he was headed for his classroom when someone called:

"Hey, Andy!"

He turned and saw the person that he was so afraid, and yet, so eager to encounter. Jack, the school famous reject, older than anyone else, because he had to repeat one year, was striding across the high school lawn and he was coming towards him, with a sneer on his face. Andy stopped with reluctance and Jack grabbed his shoulders and kissed him on the mouth just right there. 

The passers-by began to laugh and Andy, with his eyes tightly shut, could picture what they were thinking: "Andy is Jack's boyfriend now, madly in love, indeed, and what happened with that passion for Brad? Oh, all gone, so quickly! Andy might be cute, but, come on, how can you let somebody like Brad for somebody like Jack? That was so not it!" 

What Andy could not think of, though, was that he caused a lot of envy, too, and not few were the glances of admiration. But Andy could not see that, all lost in Jack's tight embrace, in that kiss, still so powerful and overwhelming, that he was feeling like he could live without air for hours and hours. 

***

All had started right after the football game. The whole school had watched how their brave team crushed the opponents. And Brad was looking gorgeous that day. As usual, Andy was day-dreaming about him, the most beautiful boy in school, and everybody was aware of his so called 'hidden' passion for the football player, everybody but Brad, or so he had thought until that day. 

So others boys and girls commented on his dreamy face, full with longing, when Brad disappeared to the locker rooms after enjoying the victory with his team mates and the fans. 

And then, the couch yelled at Andy and he gave him that little medal, telling him to go to Brad and give it to him as his beautiful wife was waiting for him to celebrate together. Andy walked timidly into the boys' locker room, his head empty, his heart full. 

The naked bodies, the warm scent of joy, all was mixing in his head, making him weak in the knees. And then he saw Brad, so beautiful, so full of himself, confident and happy. He was instantly lost for words. 

He just held the couch medal and pointed at Brad, bubbling and not making any sense of it all. But Brad had been quicker than him. He took the medal from his stiff hand with a smile and than he raised his arm and grabbed Andy's chin between two fingers, caressing the cute face. And those words, Andy felt a little bit like dying right there when he heard those words.

"Here is my prize then, ha?"

Andy blushed, wondering if it could be true, Brad thinking of him as a prize. But he did not have enough time for thinking as Brad took him in his arms, pushing his naked body into him and kissing him like crazy. 

All the boys were cheering and joking and laughing around them, but, for Andy, it was like the whole universe had stopped magically and only he and Brad were there, alone and in love. 

He did not know exactly when the kiss had stopped, it could have lasted for ages, as long as he was concerned. And Brad laughed at him and said, kissing him gently, once again, on his swollen lips:

"I am waiting you at my 19th birthday party, then, right?"

***

The party, alas, finally! Andy thought a lot what to dress, how to comb his hair, what shoes to wear. All of a sudden, everything became so complicated and the result was far from being satisfactory. 

When he looked in the mirror, all that he could think of was that he was not a match for Brad and that kiss was only an accident, Brad being so happy because of the victory and Andy just happening to be there when the football star wanted to kiss somebody, just for fun and nothing more. 

But still, he could not bring himself to let down his own hopes, so hope that was that made him pass the door, get into the street and to the house where the party was being held. 

Andy entered, hoping for the best, expecting the worst. When he finally saw Brad, the beautiful boy was surrounded by many teenagers, boys and girls, all looking very happy to be in such a wonderful company. 

Andy retired in a corner, afraid to be seen, so helpless and so needing. He did not care very much for what was to be done in a situation like this, so he was a little unprepared. Plus, he was very much used to live his passion inside, without really thinking that the tables could turn one day. So he sat there, all eyes and ears, all his attention on his lovely Brad. And when the football player saw him, he blushed like a girl. 

But Brad did not call him, nor did he do anything to prove that he noticed him. And Andy felt like a stiletto was stabbing his young heart. 

So he just fiddled around, with a can of beer in his hands, stealing occasional glances in the direction of the object of his desires. Somebody was watching him, in the same way that he watched Brad, but he did not notice that until a firm hand pressed his shoulder. 

"Hey, Andy! What are you doing? Hoping for Brad to notice you?"

A little mockery felt through the young person's voice, and when he turned, Andy recognized Jack, another boy in school, one with a bad reputation, long black hair and leather jacket. All in his composure spelled 'trouble' and Andy backed away a little. 

"Hey, hey, come here!" The hand held him still, making it impossible for him to move without performing a strange stunt. "I would like to help you," the voice like tainted silk embraced his ear. 

Jack brought Andy closer to whisper this, like sharing a big, big secret. Andy blushed again, he could feel the young man's aftershave in his nostrils, that close he was. Too close, he thought and already felt a little trembling passing through his body. 

"Hi, Jack," he managed to utter in a low tone, trying to sound casually, even though he had never spoken to Jack before. But he knew who that was.

"Look, here, kiddo, if you want Brad to see you, and I mean, really see you, you must get his attention."

"And how do I do that?" Andy asked, unaware of the events that were put in motion by his sheer timid interest. 

"Well," and now Jack got even closer, almost touching Andy with his hip, "you must make him a little jealous."

"Hey," Andy sounded for the first time defensive, "how do you know about me and Brad?"

"Oh, well, like it is a secret or anything!" Jack said in the same mocking tone. "And, by the way, there is no 'you and Brad', as you may well see, there is 'Brad and everybody else but you', isn't it, Andy?"

Taken aback by the simple logic, Andy remained silent for a moment. But, as he could not get help anywhere, he thought that he might as well take a chance with this fellow, so he asked, leaving aside any cautions:

"How can I make Brad jealous? First, I am not sure if he would care about it, and second, everybody, as you said before, is already around him, praising him!"

"Well, not everybody, right?" Jack raised an eyebrow, like he was scolding Andy for ignoring the obvious. "I am here with you," said Jack, pointing an accusing finger at him, "and I have nothing to do, so I might, as well, give you a hand in this matter. What do you say?"

Jack was hovering over him right now, and Andy thought that it was not exactly a wise thing to refuse such a helping hand. He succeeded only to mumble a few words, already dazed by the smell of leather and expensive aftershave and, now he noticed, by the strange look in the magnificent big hazel eyes. Jack's eyes. 

Andy wondered how he had never noticed before how big and beautiful were Jack's eyes, bordered with black, thick, long eyelashes. But, after all, Jack was that kind of person that Andy did not care much for spending time with. So observing those eyes had not been a top priority, so to speak.

"What are we going to do?"

"So you're in!" Jack nearly shouted as he was not sure that Andy would say 'yes' to such a proposition. 

"Yes, I am, I want Brad to know I am here, after all, he asked me to come!" Andy started to talk rapidly, like he was afraid that he could not say a word later on. Only if he knew!

"Let's dance!" proposed Jack and immediately took Andy in his strong arms, making him move at his pace. 

Andy was not exactly sure how he ended dancing slowly and dirty with Jack in the middle of the room, right in front of Brad and everybody else. Jack was keeping him close, their bodies glued together like they were only one. 

Andy kept his forehead buried in Jack's neck and he felt too terrified to even think about what he was feeling. Jack held him with one arm firmly crossed over his shoulders and the long fingers were caressing the nape and the neck of the smaller boy. The other hand was squeezing his ass, other long fingers massaging the round buttocks through the fine pants material. 

Andy was perfectly ashamed as he felt a thrill surging through his entire body and focusing in his loins making him having a hard erection. He was afraid that if he let go Jack then anyone would see his state. 

On the other hand, he was aware that Jack felt his erection through and he was ashamed of that, too. But he decided that he was safer in the taller boy's arms so he kept Jack tight, squeezing his shoulders as hard as he could, trying to think of something sad to cool off his body, but those fingers were continuously torturing him, now letting his ass and crawling along his back up and down. 

"Jack, please," he managed to mutter under his ragged breath. "Please, let me, please!"

"Oh, Andy, but look, you have all Brad's attention now, oh, he's coming this way!"

Andy raised his head and turned to see a surprised and angered Brad that stopped right next to them.

"Andy, you did not tell me that you were going to bring your boyfriend with you!"

"Brad, Jack is not my boyfriend!"

The music stopped magically and his shout was heard by everybody in the room. 

"Oh, he is not? And why are you making out with him right here, where everybody, especially ME, can see you?"

Brad crossed his arms over his chest and he looked down on Andy, waiting for a plausible answer. Andy could not find his words and he looked with wet eyes at Jack, waiting for help. After all, he was the one that got him into such a trouble! 

But Jack remained silent, even worse, he was now fiddling with Andy's golden curls like they were alone, not in a room full of people watching them. Then he looked at Brad, as helpless as before, but the football player seemed annoyed and furious. 

"Well, I suggest you two lovebirds take a hike, as this was not exactly how I had decided to spend my birthday! And you know, Andy, I really wanted to stay with you tonight but, it seemed you had other plans."

"Brad, please," Andy was pleading now with his eyes full of tears. He hated Jack and he hated himself, all he had to do was to wait till Brad would have noticed him and then, all would have been alright, not messed up, like now. 

Brad turned on his heels and dismissed Andy like he had no desire to see him before his eyes. Jack dragged him by his shoulders and, meanwhile, all the others began murmuring and gossip spread like electricity. 

***

Andy felt destroyed, angered and ashamed, but he let Jack lead him out. Once outside, he felt like it was all a strange dream, but the strong arm that was circling his shoulders did not let him linger too much on that thought.

"What was all that about? Why did you do this to me?" Andy asked, confused and furious, trying to escape Jack's warm embrace. 

"Hey, kiddo, don't you know? You lose some, you win some..."

"Oh, and, what, exactly, did I win?"

"You won me, Andy."

Jack said that gently, the mockery from his usual tone all gone and Andy remained silent, not knowing what to say after hearing such a statement. After several minutes, he managed to speak:

"Jack, it is not fair! I like Brad and he likes me! You do not have the right to get between us!"

"Brad likes you? Andy, let me refresh your memory a little! When I came to you to make a proposition, Brad pretended that you were not even around, let alone like you! And you, if you were so sure of Brad's feelings, how come you were so eager to dance so close to me to make him jealous? Do you have an answer to that, clever boy?"

Andy remained silent and felt very, very guilty. He stopped with Jack near a large oak tree and caressed Jack's cheek in the dark. He could not see him, but he could feel his breath and yes, he could feel his pain, maybe. So he got closer and embraced Jack. 

Somehow, it felt the right thing to do right there, in that moment. Jack responded and embraced him, too. But he went a little further, he began kissing Andy's neck, first gentle, then firmer, and climbed to Andy's chin, then he got to the hot cherry lips. 

He put Andy with his back against the oak tree and he started to kiss him harder on the mouth, forcing his way through the smaller boy's teeth. And Andy let him, he did not know exactly why, but he let him, after all, he was in love with Brad, not with Jack, but the kissing felt so good and he did not want to end it, at least not right away. 

He felt a hot tongue into his mouth and he let in the strange feeling. He was now rubbing his entire body against Jack's and the young man let his hands wandering all over the trembling boy, making Andy squirm under his actions. 

They were kissing now, lips against lips, tongue against tongue, and their hard erections were rubbing against one another in a slow, yet demanding tempo. Andy felt he had to do more, but Jack stopped and said in a neutral tone:

"Let me take you home."

Andy could not tell what was the meaning of this, one minute they were kissing like crazy, like they were on the edge of taking off their clothes to go further, and now, Jack was perfectly cool, like nothing really happened. He was way over his head in this, Andy thought, so he agreed and let Jack take his hand and keep it like it was a small fragile bird and they walked towards Andy's home, in silence and a little unhappy. 

At least Andy felt that way, lost and empty. He wished he had the nerve to kiss Jack again and to make him kiss back harder, but he felt consumed and tired. 

Soon they got to the front of Andy's house and they had to part. Andy turned and looked up at Jack's face, the courtyard lamp casting a gentle light over his figure. Jack seemed a little lost in thoughts and he was watching through Andy, like nobody was really there. 

"Well, I guess this is 'good night' then," Andy said in a small tone. 

Jack did not answer, instead he lowered his head and kissed Andy again all over the cute face, whispering in his ear:

"Oh, baby, you are so beautiful, I want to fuck you right now..."

Andy blushed heavily, his head assaulted by those hot sexy words. He felt wanted, longed for, like never before. All that he had hoped for till that moment was that Brad will notice him, talk to him, maybe kiss him every now and then, but that thing with Jack seemed too much to handle, and yet, the perfect thing to happen. 

Jack lifted Andy's lithe body and pushed him to the ledge of the porch, putting his ass on the hard cement. The slender boy's legs curled around Jack and Andy began to breathe heavily. Now, he could feel Jack's hard cock crushing his and it was the most amazing thing that ever happened to him. 

Jack kept kissing him, caressing him and pushed against the young body, till the trembling became so powerful, that he let go and asked gently:

"We should wait for a proper moment, shouldn't we, Andy?"

'Wait' was not exactly an option for Andy, as he could not bear it any longer, so he just begged:

"Please, Jack, do something, don't leave me like this!"

And Jack laughed softly, his gentle fingers going down the heaving chest, to the pants, circling the young cock through the material and massaging the soft balls. The nifty fingers opened easily the buttons and got inside, freeing Andy's dick. 

"You like that, Andy? You want me to give you this?"

"Yes, yes," Andy whispered helplessly.

Jack began rubbing the shaft with one hand, while using the other to roll the hairless balls in his palm, squeezing erotic little cries from Andy's mouth. 

Andy gripped Jack shoulders, using him for leveling himself, afraid to fall over from so much excitement. Jack kept kissing the young dreamy face, but he did not stop from playing with the boy's dick. With a final louder cry, Andy released himself, covering Jack's hand with white cream. 

Jack laughed again, a little harsh, or so Andy thought. 

"You are a big boy, aren't you?"

Andy blushed and he tried to compose himself, straightening his clothes. 

"Jack... I am sorry, just that..."

"Hush, baby, you don't have to say anything," Jack calmed him down, caressing the young face with his lips. "And your cream is soooo sweet", he said, sucking greedily his fingers covered with Andy's cum. 

The smaller boy felt little and insecure all of a sudden. He wanted to run away, to hide and he did not know why, because he felt really good, happy even, free and joyful. Jack was doing the darnest things and that made him feel overwhelmed and excited beyond his powers. 

"Next time, you will do something for me," Jack added and Andy wondered if that was a threat or a promise. "Now, go to sleep, you need to get your strength back." And he patted Andy on the ass, leading him towards the door, where they kissed for the last time that night.

To be continued