 It was spring break of my freshman year in college, and since I was pretty low on funds I hadn't been able to join most of my friends as they headed off on the usual spring break party roadtrips. This left me with two choices - stay at school or head on home. Since my parents and I weren't getting along very well at the time - my mother didn't want to accept that I wasn't a little kid anymore - and my high school girlfriend and I had called it quits about a month ago, the thought of spending a week at home didn't much appeal to me. Besides, I figured I could use a break from the world for a while. So I decided to hang around campus, do some reading, watch a few movies, catch up on sleep, and basically unwind.

Aside from myself, there was only one other guy on my wing that had decided to stay. His name was David, and he was in the room right across from mine. Over the first weekend I didn't see much of him, as I was really worn out from midterms and mostly laid around my room napping and vegging in front of the tube. By Monday I was pretty much back to normal, though, and when I crawled out of bed at about noon I decided to cross the hall and see if he wanted to head out with me and try to find something interesting in town to do.

I threw on a pair of boxers and a t-shirt and walked out into the hall. His door was cracked, and since all of us in the wing had gotten in the habit of not knocking unless a door was completely shut, I just walked on in. The first thing I saw was David's TV, where a blonde with huge tits was busily sucking a cock. The second thing I saw was also the blonde. The third thing I saw was David hastily standing up from the couch - he didn't have a roommate, so he'd been able to remove the extra bed from his room and bring in a couch - with a slightly reddened face and an erection tenting out the front of his sweatpants.

"Oops," I said as he quickly pressed stop on the remote. "Sorry. I wouldn't have barged in on you if I'd known you were busy."

"It's my fault," he replied. "I should've known better than to leave my door open. Besides, I wasn't really busy yet. At least you didn't walk in on me jerking off!"

"That's true," I said. "I probably would have freaked out, and then we would have both been embarrassed any time we saw each other for the rest of the semester." As I said this, though, I realized that I was almost disappointed that I *hadn't* caught him with his cock in his hand. That was a new one for me. I'd never had any curiosity about things of that nature before, I thought I was as straight as straight can be. But now I was wondering about the size of the cock that was making that bulge in his sweats - I'd seen him in the showers, of course, but never with an erection - and just what it would look like naked and gleaming with his hand wrapped around it... giving myself a little mental headshake, I realized that he was talking.

"...only watching this because it's so boring around here." 

"Tthat was actually why I came over, I was going to ask if you wanted to go downtown and maybe try and find something to do. But I'd hate to interrupt your movie." Actually, I was thinking that I didn't really want to head off campus anymore. The tiny glimpse I'd had of that porno had made me want to see more.

"Sure," he said, "I'm up for it."

"Well," I replied, "I said I was *going* to ask that. But now that I know you're in here watching porn, I'd really kinda rather do that." I'd watched porn movies with my friends before, so I didn't think anything of suggesting it, but he gave me a strange look before answering.

"Yeah, we can do that. We probably wouldn't find anything fun in town anyway. Just let me pop in another tape and..."

"Another tape?" I said. "Why? I mean, it's not like I missed out on a bunch of plot and will be all confused about what's going on." I laughed.

"Well," he said, "I'm not sure you'd like this-"

"Looked fine to me," I interrupted. "Let me get a can of pop from my room first, though." I popped across the hall, grabbed a couple of Cokes from the fridge, and headed back to David's room. He was sitting back down on the couch opening a bag of Doritos. I handed him a Coke as I sat down on the other end of the couch, and he set the open bag of chips between us and then picked the remote back up.

"Ready?" he asked.

"Go for it."

He pressed play, and there was the blonde again, sucking that dick for all it was worth. My cock immediately responded, and as I reached for some chips I took advantage of the movement to settle myself into a slightly more comfortable position. For the next ten minutes or so we watched the scene unfold - the man's "wife" walked in and caught the two and then joined them in the bed - while munching on chips and occasionally cracking jokes about the scene. I was already wondering how long was an acceptable amount of time before excusing myself to the bathroom for a little private session when the scene ended.

The next scene began with two men standing in a kitchen talking. As I was waiting for a woman to show up and start another three-way, imagine my surprise when instead the men started kissing one another passionately. My mouth fell open and I looked at David, who was already looking at me. "I tried to tell you you might now like this one, but you wouldn't let me," he said. "We can put another tape in if you don't like gay scenes. I just hope you don't think I tried to trick you into watching this, or that you don't feel differently about me as a friend now that you know I'm bisexual."

My mind reeling, I had a brief internal debate with myself. I had no problems with David's bisexuality - I've always been pretty open-minded, and already had a couple of gay friends at school - but I wasn't so sure about how wise it would be to sit on his couch next to him and watch a bisexual porn movie. I didn't want him to get the impression that I wanted him to hit on me. I almost told him to go ahead and change the film, but then I remembered my earlier moment of curiosity about his cock. I realized that if I *was* ever going to get curious about man-to-man sex, that an empty wing of a college dorm was a pretty safe and private place to do so, and I also realized that my erection hadn't gone down a bit since the two men onscreen had started . The next thing I knew I was nervously saying "nah, let's just go ahead and watch this. I've never seen two men having sex before. It'll be interesting."

"You're sure?" he said. "And you really don't care that I'm bisexual?"

"Hey, man, it's your life. It's not my place to judge," I told him. "And yeah, I'm sure. I may be a straight guy, but what the hell. You only live once."

"Well, OK then. Just let me know if it gets to be too much for you, I'll understand if you decide you don't want to watch this after all."

So we went back to watching the film, only now things were different. The bag of Doritos sat untouched between us as we focused on the screen, and all of our earlier humorous comments about the movie had fallen by the wayside. My cock just seemed to keep getting harder as I watched the two men kiss and undress one another, and when the taller man dropped to his knees and began sucking the other man's cock I almost came right then and there. I stole a quick glance at David's crotch and noticed that a large erection was once again bulging against the inside of his sweatpants, and felt a slight flush creep over my face as I wondered again just what that cock looked like right now.

Almost as if he felt my eyes on him, he looked over at me, and I moved my eyes quickly to his face and hoped that he hadn't seen me looking at his cock. I had started to get the feeling that things *were* going to happen between us, but I still didn't want to seem so obvious about checking him out. He didn't say anything about it, though, and instead asked if I was done with the Doritos.

"Yeah, I think so," I said, happy to think about something as mundane as food after the strange direction my thoughts had been moving in. "I'm never very hungry when I first wake up anyway."

He reached over and grabbed the bag from between us, rolling it up at the top and setting it on his desk. Turning to glance at me again, he suddenly chuckled. "I guess you don't have a problem with this scene after all, do you?" he asked, gesturing towards the TV where the two men were now involved in a 69.

Glancing down at myself, I felt my face turn beet red as I noticed my amazingly stiff cock poking out through the opening in the front of my boxers. "Ah, shit," I said, reaching down to tuck myself back in. "Sorry about that. Damn." I was really embarrassed about it and suddenly had no idea what to say.

Sensing my discomfort, he said, "man, don't worry about it. That's what these movies are for, right? I've got a hell of a boner right now too."

"Yeah, but you aren't waving yours around for everyone to see," I said, still feeling pretty damn silly.

He hesitated - and then, seeming to come to a decision, said "well, if it'll make you feel any better about it..." He quickly stood up and dropped his sweats, leaving himself dressed just like me, in boxers and a t-shirt. His cock was also sticking through the opening in his shorts, and I felt my mouth go dry as I looked at another man's erection in real life for the first time. It was a good eight inches long, nice and thick, and standing straight up in the air. The head was gleaming slightly from a slick covering of precum. It looked absolutely beautiful, and I felt a bit dizzy as I realized that the rules had just changed and now anything was possible. Sitting back down after a couple of seconds, he reached down and tucked his cock back under his boxers and said in a slightly nervous tone of voice, "there, now we're even, I've seen yours and you've seen mine."

The nervousness in his voice actually had a calming effect on me. It helped me to realize that I wasn't the only one feeling a bit confused and unsure about the developing situation, and that was like a huge load off my shoulders. I relaxed and said jokingly, "yeah, but I've seen a bit more of yours than you have of mine. I think you've got an inch or so on me."

He grinned easily as he realized that whatever was going on between us, it was going to continue for at least a little while. "Well, then you should even things up by showing me yours again," he teased. 

Here it was, the moment of truth. Throwing caution to the wind, I abruptly decided that I wanted to go everywhere this road I was on would take me. So, I stood up and dropped my boxers, letting my rock-hard erection spring into the air. "There you go," I said. "Take a good long look."

Staring right at my cock, the grin froze on his face and he swallowed hard. "Damn, man, I didn't expect you really would." He fell silent for a few seconds, eyes glued to my cock. I took advantage of the silence to quickly pull my shirt over my head, and then reached down and wrapped my hand tightly around the base of my erection, making it swell even more. A drop of precum oozed from the tip and slid slowly over my cockhead and down the shaft. "Damn, man," he said again. "You have a really nice cock."

"Thanks," I said with a grin. "I thought yours was pretty nice myself, to be honest." 

"What, this old thing?" he grinned, standing and peeling his own shorts down. "It's just another dick." Wrapping his fist around it, he stroked it a few times. "Had it my whole life, so I don't think anything of it." He removed his hand from his cock and pulled his own shirt off, then went back to stroking himself while looking at me.

The movie was totally forgotten now as we stared openly at each other's cocks, watching each other as we continued to jerk ourselves off. I could feel my heart beating (too fast), could hear the whisper of air in my lungs as I breathed (also too fast), could see every detail of the room with perfect clarity as the entire world seemed to narrow down into this moment. Taking the final step, I stepped in front of him and said, "I think it's a perfect cock. And I told you that you had an inch or so on me," I continued. Our erections were no more than six inches apart, and as I removed my hand from my dick the slight disparity in size was clearly visible in such a close comparison.

"Yeah, I guess I do," he breathed quietly. "But I think yours is a little thicker." He stepped forward a bit, and our cocks slid up against each other. "See?" he said, reaching out and wrapping his hand around both of our shafts. I was paralyzed as his hand began to stroke us both simultaneously, and when I finally pulled my eyes away from the sight to look at him, he was staring back at me. He leaned forward and kissed me, his tongue sliding quickly into my mouth. And then something inside me snapped and I was over the edge.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm," I moaned into his mouth as my tongue began battling with his. He removed his hand from our cocks and reached both arms around me and down to my ass, pulling me tightly to him. I did the same, and then we were groping each other with abandon as we kissed deeply and our cocks slid and bumped around each other. My eyes were slightly open, and over his shoulder I could see the all-male 69 continuing onsceen. I wanted to try a little bit of that myself.

Breaking the kiss, I stepped back from him. He looked at me and said "oh, hell, did I push too far-" but broke off when I dropped to my knees in front of him, wrapped my hand around his cock, and started to stroke it.

"No," I said, looking up at him. "You didn't push too far. In fact, I think you need to push just a few inches farther." I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue, and laid the head of his cock on it. My eyes stayed on his face as I swirled my tongue and tasted the salty-sweet flavor of his precum. "Go on," I said. "Push."

He groaned and moved his hips forward, sliding his beautiful cock into my mouth. I wrapped my lips tightly around it and was instantly in heaven. Oh, God, it tasted soooooo good. My dick was as solid as a lead pipe between my legs as I reached around to his ass and pulled him towards me, forcing every bit of his cock that I could handle into my wet mouth. I gagged softly on his dick a time or two before I learned the trick of sucking it, but after a minute or so his hips were smoothly pumping his cock into my mouth and throat as I moaned around it.

"Jesus," he moaned. "Your mouth is so hot, I'm already about to shoot."

Pulling my mouth off his cock (and how I hated to do that, even for a second), I grinned at him. "Good," I said. "Tell me when you're about to."

"That's cool," he said. "It took me a while to let a guy cum in my mouth too."

"It's not that," I told him, taking advantage of the short conversation to get off my knees and sit on the edge of the couch. I pulled him to me again with his cock, and said "it's just that I want to watch you cum this time. I'll taste you later." I grinned, opened my mouth, and sucked him back in.

The acknowledgement that there would be more to come (or to cum, hehe) must have pushed him over the edge, because not fifteen seconds later he was saying, "God, here it comes, lean back and let me shoot all over your chest, ah, hurry."

I surprised myself again. "No," i said, pulling my mouth away from him. "Cum on my face. Cum on my face like I'm your whore." I began jerking his cock, slippery with my saliva. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out, holding his cock not three inches from my face.

"Ah God yessssssssssss," he moaned, looking down at me, and then he exploded. One spurt, two spurts, three spurts, four. My erection twitched between my legs with each blast of cum that I watched fire from the tip of his cock and felt splatter onto my cheeks, my nose, my tongue. Why hadn't I ever done this before? Five spurts, six spurts, seven, and then it slowed to a dribble. I slid his cock back into my mouth, tasting the last bit of his cum, feeling the stickiness of it coating my face and dripping down onto my chest, into my lap.

He threw his head back for a few seconds as I continued to clean him off with my tongue, and then suddenly stepped back and pushed me all the down on the couch. "I want to taste you NOW," he said, dropping to his knees on the floor and engulfing my cock with his mouth. No novice here. His lips slid straight down to the base of my cock and I could feel his throat muscles working on me. I began to rub his cum into my skin, into my mouth, my eyes never leaving the sight of my cock disappearing into his face. I was amazingly worked up from my first experience at giving head, and it wasn't long at all before I could feel my balls throbbing with a huge load.

"Oh, David, here it comes," I warned him, but he just grinned around my dick and kept right on sucking. A few more seconds of that, and I was gone. The strongest eruption I'd ever had in my life was in progress, and I moaned and shuddered like a man possessed as I emptied my nuts straight down his throat.

He held my cock in his mouth until I had completely finished, then gave it a soft kiss and stood back up, his once-again stiff cock pointing towrds the ceiling. Wrapping his hand back around it, he looked into my eyes and began to stroke it. "So, was that fun? Tthink you'd want to try it again? Maybe even, like, right now?"

"No, I don't think so," I told him. The hurt look in his eyes was unmistakable, so I quickly continued. "I don't want to suck your dick again right now. What I want is for you to slide that beautiful thing right up my virgin ass and fuck me like a little bitch."

His eyes gleamed and he stepped to his desk, pulling a tube of KY out of a drawer. Opening it, he spread some across his palm and began stroking his erection again, quickly lubing himself up for my tight hole. I walked over to his bed, my cock quickly hardening again in anticipation, and climbed onto it on my hands and knees. My ass was sticking up in the air, pointed right at him, and I looked back over my shoulder and said "hurry up and fuck me now, before I lose my nerve. I want every inch of you in my ass."

He stepped up to me and I turned back forward and closed my eyes, expecting to feel his fingers probing my asshole as he got me ready to take his cock. Instead, I felt his hands spreading my cheeks apart, and suddenly a warm wet tongue was slithering around my virgin hole. "Ooooooooooooooh," I moaned into his pillow, my throbbing dick stiff as a board once again and twitching. He rimmed me for a few seconds and then slid his tongue right up inside of me. I had *never* felt anything like this before and at that moment would have done anything he wanted. I would have walked naked out to the quad and let him fuck my ass right there in front of the world if he had wanted too, his tongue felt so good. Too soon, his tongue disappeared, and I felt him standing up behind me. I felt the head of his cock poking at my ass, teasing me by sliding up and down my crack a few times as he worked the daliva and lube around, and then I made a decision. "Stop a sec, David."

"Having second thoughts?" he asked.

"Yes," I said, "but not like you think." I stood up and turned to face him, quickly kissing him on the lips. Putting my hands on his shoulders, I directed him to sit down on the bed. "I just don't want you to fuck me like that. I want to watch your face as you ram that baby up into my virgin hole." Stooping to lift his feet off the floor, I swung him around onto his back on the bed and then climbed atop him. Straddiling his torso, I leaned in close for a deep kiss while reaching down between to grasp his slick cock and place the head of it up against my puckered hole, then I broke the kiss and started to push my ass slowly down onto him.

There was some pain, but not as much as I had expected. The largest jolt came when the engorged head of his cock popped through my opening, and I breathed in deeply and sat motionless for a moment. I could feel the pulse in his cock throbbing against the walls of my ass, could feel my hole stretched tightly around his shaft. The pain slowly ebbed away, and I looked into his eyes and told him, "fuck me."
