 Author's note.

I am married, I am sexually very active and I am bi. 

I love Lit and love writing for it, but where should stories about bi men go?

Please help.

James

*****

About a year ago, I was suffering from a pinched nerve in my neck. I had been to a chiropractor a few times, but it just didn't seem to help.

One morning, I was looking in the paper, in the personals. I ran across an advertisement for massages. The ad read "Masseuse for What Ails You". By the phone number, I could tell that the person was located fairly close to me and the ad was for "deep tissue" massage. It sounded just what I was looking for.

I called the phone number, and a man answered. I am not sure why, but hearing a male voice on the phone rather surprised me; I guess I was expecting a female receptionist. He also surprised me by advising me that he provided a visiting massage service. "So James," Scott said. "I come to you, not you to me, whereabouts are you?" 

He went on to ask a few questions about my situation, and told me that he could help me out. He said that he had time available this evening and we agreed that he would come to my house in Barnsbury, Islington at eight. Kelly, my wife of twenty years or so, was out that evening, probably taking advantage of our quite open marriage.

For the rest of the day, I was on tenterhooks about the massage. I went back and forth in my mind about it, several times almost cancelling Scott. I wanted the massage, I wanted to feel better and I wondered whether it would be a dead straight massage or whether it might be a 'happy ending' type. Although I felt a little uncomfortable about him coming to my house, for I wondered about blackmail. Kelly was understanding about our loose marriage, but I was not sure that would extend to me being sucked off by a guy in our house. I wasn't gay, but like a lot of guys I had a curiosity about being bi. The other worry was that massages always excited me and I had no idea how I would explain a hard on, if it was dead straight! 

He arrived promptly at eight and we introduced ourselves. Scott asked me if I was all right with him coming to my house for the massage. I lied and told him that I had no problems with him being there. He was as tall as me, around six feet, but slightly slimmer; I put him at around one seventy pounds to my one eighty and a bit. He had blonde hair and by any measure he was good looking, probably handsome even and I guessed he was in his late-twenties or early-thirties to my mid-forties

I offered him a drink and he asked for a glass of water. I went into the kitchen and I heard him opening the table in the living room. When I came out, Scott was ready. 

"You can stay dressed, just remove your upper stuff or strip off to your boxers; neck issues can be due to lower back issues," he explained. "Either way, you have to get on the table". He was making eye contact with me and smiling giving me the impression of him being a nice, regular guy. His eyes smiled at me while he spoke. His personality and approach were already relaxing me. 

I took my shirt off, and laid on the table on my stomach. I was telling him again about the nerve in my neck and that I couldn't find any way of relieving the pain. Scott pressed and poked my neck, turned my head and made me bend my neck forward and back and turn it to both sides. 

"Yes it looks like a trapped nerve," he said pouring oil onto his hands and starting to rub my shoulders and my upper back. He told me that he probably couldn't relieve the pain on the first visit, but that he was more than willing to return. 

His hands were professionally working my upper back and shoulders and It felt wonderful, relaxing me with every time he pressed his fingers into my muscles. He was making small talk, asking about my job, my house and all that. His hands were working my upper back and shoulders, turning me into mush. It was fantastic.

He explained that he was going to loosen all of my muscles below my neck before concentrating on that area. The only reply I could muster was a groan. His hands worked down the sides of my back, to my waist and then back up into the middle. He must have spent twenty minutes of our hour session on everything but my neck.

When his hands made it to my neck, I was so completely relaxed that I was not even conscious of the pain in that area. He worked lightly over my neck and the base of my skull, making me feel great. Sooner than I had expected, the hour session was over and he had instructed me to hop off the table.

I got up, paid him and then I did something I had not intended to do. I invited him to have a drink with me. He looked at his watch, and told me that he did not have time as he had another appointment. He asked if I wanted another session and we agreed that he would come back in two days. He agreed and we set the day and the time. For some reason I chose the afternoon and after he had gone I wondered whether that was because I knew Kelly would be at work!

On the way out, he had stopped and said. "After our next session, I'll stay for that drink." He smiled and then left.

For the next two days, I could hardly get my mind off Scott's hands. I was even having fantasies of him while I masturbated, which recently was more frequent than usual. I began wondering if he would come on to me or offer anything on his next visit? And if he did not, would I have the balls to ask if he offered extras. I had done that several times in spas in hotels overseas and although usually being told no a few times it had been yes. 

The next visit went pretty much the same as the first. As his hands worked on my shoulders I felt the fabric of my jeans stretching at the crotch. As he massaged my neck, shoulders and back, he again made me feel fantastic and certainly my neck felt looser and there was less pain when I turned my head. 

When we were done, I offered the drink we had discussed and must admit I felt disappointed when he apologized and said that he could not get out of a meeting and he would have to say no. He gave me a look that said he wanted to say more, but didn't know if he should. I told him that I understood and that the offer was always open. 

We continued our regular sessions for a week or so. Every-other-day Scott manipulated my muscles, got me hard and then left. I was beginning to believe that he was simply one big tease, but maybe that was how he had to be for if he offered anything and that got out he could lose his license to practice as a physio. I was resigning myself to fantasizing about being seduced by this man, but doing nothing in reality!

On a Tuesday night when Kelly was in Manchester running a training course and probably getting herself shagged by one or more of the delegates, after my massage, I told Scott that I would only ask once more. 

"If you would like to stay and have a drink, or come back later, I'll be around and alone all evening and night come to that and you're more than welcome," I said as he was walking out carrying his bag and the portable table. He stopped, looked at his watch and turned to me with a serious look on his face. 

"I thought that maybe you had changed your mind," he said. "I'd love to come back after my next appointment. Would nine-thirty be okay?"

Feeling a surge of something and feeling my pulses starting to race I said, probably rather croakily. "Of course, I'll be here waiting!" 

Scott left, and I went back into the house. During the next hour and a half, I couldn't stop thinking about how this man had made me feel so completely relaxed. His hands were warm and soft. I began thinking about having his hands all over my back and shoulders, and it was wonderful. I wondered what it would be like to return the favour? As I had those thoughts, I realised that I was hard. I was having similar feelings to those I get when I'm getting somewhere with a woman. I could hardly believe it, but I was enjoying it. 

I was het up as the time was approaching; I fluffed around the house killing time. I put white wine and some champagne in the fridge, opened a bottle of two thousand and four Claret and put a haunting Bach Violin Concerto on the stereo. I had already straightened up the place, again, and I was feeling silly. I felt I was behaving like a woman would waiting for a date and that was getting me turned on. Was I looking for sex with him I wondered? The shock was that I was still not sure. 

At last nine-thirty arrived and with it a ring on the door-bell. He was punctual and I liked that. I answered it and there was Scott, the man who was making me feel and act like a silly, love or sex-struck teenage girl. He smiled and said. "Hi, how are you?"

"Great and you Scott, I said showing him in and seating him on the green leather Chesterfield couch. I offered him a drink and he opted for as beer. "A Peroni if you have it James."

"Yes I do, it's my favourite," I told him.

"Mine too and don't bother with a glass, the bottle will do."

I went into the kitchen, returning with a glass of red wine for me and his Peroni.

We sat on the couch, a comfortable distance apart sipping our drinks and talking about anything that came into our minds. Sports, politics, the economy, TV programmes and the situation with FIFA; he was well informed and had sensible views on most topics. I noticed that his glass was empty and asked if he wanted another. He readily accepted and followed me into the kitchen. 

"Are you married?" He asked suddenly.

"Yes, for over twenty years" I replied. 

I handed him the glass and he took it from my hand in a way so that his hand linger touched mine. I glanced at his face and he averted my stare. He actually blushed I think.

"Is it good?"

"In its way yes."

"How do you mean?" 

"Kelly and I get on well, but..." I paused.

"But?" Scott asked taking a swig from his bottle.

"I don't like to say, my wife does not understand me, but we have a pretty open marriage," I told him surprising myself for I had not mentioned that to anyone.

We had another drink each, as we continued talking and laughing. Then Scott excused himself and asked the location of the bathroom? When he came back, he sat on the couch again, but this time, he was closer than the last. 

After a few minutes of more talking, he reached out and touched my leg, just above the knee. He left his hand there for a brief moment. When he looked into my eyes, I know that I blushed. I could feel my face getting hot. He smiled, I smiled and did something that I still can't believe, I reached over and put my fingertips on his knee. He did not react at all. He just began talking about something else. 

Our conversation went on and after a while, we began talking about sex. He asked more about Kelly's and my 'open' marriage and I explained that a few years ago we had agreed that either could have other partners, but we would never talk about them. He explained that he was not married, but had a series of girl-friends. I could hardly believe what I heard coming out of my mouth.

"Well with your looks I imagine they are pretty easy to get."

He looked at me rather intently. "You think so do you James?"

"Yes Scott I do," I said a rush of feelings seeming to rush from my brain to my cock that started to harden, again.

He told me that his last girlfriend was a dominatrix and that was what ended their relationship. 

"Why?" I asked.

Looking directly into my eyes he said. "Well James I prefer to be in control."

Perhaps it was the drink, for I had a couple of glasses of wine before he arrived, but I surprised myself by blurting out. "I often like to give in to the person I'm with." 

"Really?" He smiled. "Have you ever been with a man?" 

There it was! He made the first actual, overt move. What was I going to do? The only thing I could do . . . I blushed again. 

I think he sensed the answer to his question. He slid his hand back to my leg and lightly slid his fingers up the outside of my thigh. 

"Is this okay?" He asked.

"I think so," was the only thing I could manage to get out of my mouth?

He kept lightly rubbing my leg as he leaned over, letting his head rest on the back of the couch. He smiled at me and reached out to grasp my hand. 

"I've been wanting to do this since the first time I came here."

"I've been wanting you to do this as well," I replied adding.

With that, he sat up straight and moved closer to me, letting his left knee rest on top of my right. He started to rub my upper arms with both hands. He was looking directly into my eyes when he asked me a very important question. 

"Can I kiss you?"

I could only stare at him. He leaned into me, raised his head and put his lips to mine. When I didn't resist, he began kissing me more passionately. His lips parted, and his tongue brushed against my upper lip. I couldn't believe this. I kissing him back; I opened my mouth and let his tongue meet mine. 

All of a sudden I really realised that I was enjoying it. I could feel the stubble on his chin rubbing against my own and I could smell his aftershave, the make of which I could not place. It was such a different feeling from kissing a woman. He tasted wonderful. I really began to get into the kissing. I was rubbing the outside of his thigh, from the knee to his belt line. His arms were around my neck, and his fingers were running through my hair. 

He broke his mouth from mine and kissed his way to my neck. He was kissing, licking and softly biting my neck sending shivers up and down my back. He let his right arm drop from my neck and began to rub my upper arm and my shoulder. Then he let his hand move in and began rubbing and gently squeezing my left breast. 

The only thing I could do was rub his upper thigh. I didn't know what else to do so I did what I would, and have done so many times with women. That struck a chord with me for I suddenly realised that all the feelings, emotions and sensations I was receiving were as near as makes no difference to what I get with females. In the end, I suddenly realised, it was the sexual buzz I was after, where it came from did not seem to matter!

Scott took his other arm from my neck, and started to unbutton my shirt. He got about four buttons undone, and then slid one side from my shoulder and began kissing and biting the exposed skin as he went. I was in complete surrender to him and I loved everything I had experienced so far. He unbuttoned the rest of my shirt, pulling it out of my trousers and pushing it off my shoulders, thus baring my chest. He excited me by saying.

"Oh James, you have a gorgeous body."

"Thanks Scott," I replied feeling a little embarrassed.

The soft moan that escaped from his mouth excited me even more. He began kissing and licking my chest in little circles until he reached my nipple. Sucking it into his mouth he let out a louder, breathy moan. His tongue licking and probing my nipple and areolae and his teeth gently chewing it sent shudders of desire through me

I started to struggle with the sleeves of my shirt; I wanted to be bare chested, to be truthful I wanted to be naked for him. He helped me remove it and went back to work on my nipples. I ran my fingers through his hair and down his back. I didn't do anything else, because I just didn't know what to do.

Scott sat up, looked me in the eye and said. "I want you James, I want you so badly." They were some of the most erotic words I had ever heard. 

I could only gasp. "Yes Scott."

With that, he stood up and offered me his hand. I stood, and faced him. He moved closer to me and we began kissing again. This time, he took my arms and placed them on top of his shoulders. I felt so feminine and for some reason I could not understand that made me feel fantastic. His hands were gliding up and down my back as he kissed me deeply. 

I took my arms from his neck, grabbed his hand and walked him out of the lounge, up the stairs to the guest bedroom. Once in there, he stopped with me in front of a long, loft mirror. He came up close behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. He started kissing my neck again and he ran his hands up my stomach, to my chest and with one hand began pinching my nipple. The other hand ran up my neck and to my face. He put one finger to my lips and I opened my mouth to let his finger in. I began licking his finger, and then sucked it into my mouth. Watching all this going on in the mirror and occasionally making eye contact with him was such a massive turn on.

I felt his lips, tongue and teeth move from my neck to my shoulder blades and start to go lower. His fingers left my face and travelled down my spine as he lowered himself. I felt his tongue running down the length of my spine and his hands slide around to the front of my jeans. 

Still from behind, he undid my belt and zip on my trousers. He stood up again, began rubbing and squeezing my chest with one hand and with the other, he circled my stomach with his fingers, letting one finger dip into my navel. Then, slowly, he worked his hand to the waistline of my underpants, pushing his fingertips inside. 

My penis was achingly hard and when his fingers brushed against the head, I jumped causing us both to laugh. I turned to face him and he whispered to me to unbutton his shirt. I was so nervous and so excited that my hands were shaking. Somehow, I managed to get all of the buttons undone. I slid my hands inside his shirt, feeling his smooth chest. I pushed his shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the floor.

I followed the lead he had provided earlier and began to kiss his neck and his shoulders. My hands were running from the waistband of his chinos, up his back and down again. He put his hands to either side of my head, and guided my face to his nipples. Reaching out with my tongue and circling his nipple, I licked it for a moment or two before I took it into my mouth and lightly sucked and chewed it. Again apart from the hairs on his chest the similarity with a woman surprised me.

After a few minutes, Scott gently pushed me back and began to seductively undo his beige chinos. After he was unbuttoned and unzipped, he pushed them down, letting them fall to the floor round his ankles. I saw that he had not bothered with underwear, but more importantly I saw his handsome cock straining straight up his flat stomach; he looked marvellous.

"Ok mate?" He asked running his fingertips along his erection.

"Oh yes Scott, very, very alright" I groaned feeling as sexually excited as I could ever recall.

He moved closer to me. Sliding his hands into my Calvin Kleins at either side, he slid them down to my ankles. He got to his knees, and pulled each shoe off my feet and then pulled the CKs off. 

I loved being naked in front of him.

"Mmmmm James, you really are a treasure aren't you?" 

I didn't know what to say so I muttered. "But then Scott so are you."

After he had pulled my underpants from my ankles, he slid his hand back up my leg and lightly over my swollen erection to my belly and then my chest. He stood up, and began kissing me again. He pulled me close to him, pushing his crotch against mine. What a feeling that was as our swollen erections pushed against each other.

He stepped back, and gave me a full picture of his nakedness. He was beautiful. His penis was about as long as mine, but much thicker. His balls were heavy and low hanging. He was clean-shaven, all but a patch above his penis. His skin was smooth and without any visible veins. 

He took me by the hand and led me to the bed. 

"Lie down, baby," he whispered.

He called me baby. That actually made me feel good. I felt like he was looking for more than just physical pleasure, he at least respected me enough to refer to me in an endearing way. At the same time he was very much in control, there was no doubt that was leading events and that I was the submissive. This was something new to me, but I loved it.
