 All characters are 18+.

*****

My name is Joel, and girlfriend's name is Meg. It's all her fault. 

When she first told me that I should try a bit of anal arousing I thought it was a joke, then I wondered if she thought I was gay, even though we were having sex at the time and she seemed to be having fun. Meg more than assured me that she didn't think I was gay.

"But, I mean, I'm your girlfriend. One of my friends likes to do it to her boyfriend, honey. She says it's cute how he likes it. I wanna see if you do."

"Her boyfriend is gay."

"He is not, okay. He is a jock like you, all manly and everything, his name is Eric. You're more handsome, of course." 

"Meg, forget about it." 

Meg let it go, for some time. Just as I thought I shouldn't worry about it, Meg started to give my asshole a very nice massage. Me? I actually didn't care, cause I was too deep with my cock in her mouth to do that. She knew I liked to watch her go all in with my 5 inches, but Meg never actually liked to deepthroat. But now she was doing her best to distract me.

The trade seemed fair. 

I fucked Meg's mouth hard. I had to give to her, she took it like a pro and kept her finger in my ass. I came in her mouth eventually, but she didn't stop. I began to really enjoy her small finger in my ass. It was inside, being careful, too thin and small to hurt. 

"So you do enjoy it, don't ya?" She laughed. 

"Fuck off," I said, taking her finger out. I missed it instinctively. I took my cellphone and ignored Meg for a while, driving her crazy. She hated to be ignored and forgot all about what had happened. I didn't.

"Honey, hey, baby," she whispered in my ear. "Talk to me, please."

"What?"

"There's going to be a party tomorrow night."

"You're not going," I said, looking her right in the eyes.

"Yes, I will" she answered. She seemed indignant with my possessiveness and defiant at the same time. "It's up to you if I'm going alone."

I sighed.

"College is coming back soon."

"Oh please, Joel. You're the one who's always saying 'fuck college.'" 

She had a point. I wanted to go to a party anyway, I was just fucking with her. 

Meg had to go a few minutes later. I accompanied her to the door, kissing her goodbye. I watched her walking away, not really enjoying how much of her body those shorts were showing, not really complaining. 

After she disappeared from my sight, I looked across the street and saw that my new neighbor was looking at me. A weird looking guy, black, with dreads. He waved and I waved back. I couldn't really point out what it was that bothered me in his look, even after I got back in, I still felt like he was still staring at my body. I didn't like to feel that intimidated by men I barely knew. Maybe because he was black? Maybe I was racist? I don't know. That train of thought made me feel uncomfortable. 

I came back to my bedroom and looked through the window. Finally I could stare without him looking back at me. He was very skinny compared to me, actually. The contrast between us was very large. I was blond, muscular, handsome. It was funny how I acted so timid, then. Almost afraid. 

As if to emphasize what I thought, the black guy looked right at my window, making me jump face down on the ground, barely managing to not drag the curtain with me. Fuck. 

I got up slowly and looked again after some time. He wasn't looking at me after all and I was just paranoid. Just as I was about to stop looking at him, Billy, another neighbor and really good friend, approached the guy. I don't know why that got my interest, but after Billy looked around the street to see if there was someone, he touched the black dude's dick. 

The black man smiled at Billy and stood there, letting Billy feel him up. My mouth hanged open as I tried to make sense of what was happening. Billy shouldn't be doing that. That was wrong. Then the black guy opened the door of his house, and slapped Billy's ass. He promptly entered the house, seemed eager to. 

The black guy looked right at my window, smiling friendly. Right then I understood why he looked at me in a weird and invasive way. 

After that I went to jerk off. While I was at it, I kept thinking about Billy, the way he touched that man's dick, getting slapped in the ass like a bitch. What the hell was he doing? Didn't he have a girlfriend? Did I miss something? And what was happening inside the house? What were they doing? I had a pretty good idea, but damn... The universe seems to be trying to fuck me up.

No matter what I tried to think, all sorts of women, my girlfriend sucking me off, or fucking her pussy, my mind kept coming back to Billy, who apparently liked to be the little bitch of some black guy. That thought was very effective at making my cock scream for attention. A friend that I had for so long and never really suspected anything was now getting slapped in the ass and touching dicks... 

It was hard to admit that those things were turning me on. So I let it all out with the second explosion of cum in that day and pretended that it never happened.

Still naked and belly wet with cum, I went for the window one more time. But there was nothing to see. The curiosity was killing me. Billy was my friend, I knew Billy, maybe he had an explanation.

.— 

Meg and I went to her friend's party, which happened to be in a big fucking house. The rich friend turned out to be a sweet girl named June, and she dated a guy whose name was Eric. It didn't down on me who he was until later. Meg did pretty much everything with me and whenever I went she had to take me. I managed to run away from her for a few minutes, and went directly to the drinks. 

Eric was pouring two more cups. He saw me and shook his head in a rapid acknowledgement. 

"Girlfriend wants more drink too?" he said. 

"Girlfriend wants to drink my sanity." 

"Drink this, then" he gave me the second cup he was pouring. I took it with a smile, and he smiled back, it was the first time I saw him smiling. 

Honestly, I still thought he was too uptight, but I felt some partnership booming there. 

"Dude, could we get some beer instead?" I said. "I'm sure your girlfriend has some in this big ass mansion."

"So. You wanna run from your girlfriend?"

"Just so I can breathe a little" I said. He laughed. "But seriously."

"Come on." 

I followed him through a trail of halls and people on the floor, sitting, laying, almost getting laid. 

Eric led me to the kitchen where he got a 6 pack, and then we left the house through the back door. There was no one there, apparently. Eric said it was because of the beautiful garden that June's mother liked to tend to. Eric pissed on some flowers, while I laughed. Then I pissed too. We laid down on the grass and talked and drank. 

Then, somehow, for some reason, I remembered that I let my girlfriend finger my ass on that morning. While I stared at the blonde's face, I felt the annoying sensation of letting something slip that was very important to remember. 

"Are you okay?" Eric said. His smile faltered. 

"Oh, fuck, I remember now. You're the guy who likes to be fucked by your girlfriend!" I laughed, until I saw that Eric's face had gotten red and he avoided my eyes. His whole body language changed completely, it shrank.

"That fucking bitch," he said.

"Hey, it's okay."

"Shit, man. Go on, laugh all you want." 

"I'm not laughing," I laughed, "I... My girlfriend tried it on me today and I kinda liked it."

Eric looked at me, trying to see if I was kidding. 

"You know what, forget about it, let's change the subject."

"No, no. Tell me, you like it?" he said.

"Do you?" I said.

"I fucking love it. I can't get enough of it." He seemed relieved to put that out there.

"It was weird for me, I was enjoying it, but then Meg started talking shit and I stopped." He nodded.

"Yeah... Let me show you how it's done" Eric said with the biggest grin.

I was caught off guard. I laughed, trying to find the joke, but not really seeing it. That grin on his face was really disarming. How can you be angry at a dude that seems very nice after you drank a bit and felt very confortable around him? 

"What?" I said.

"What?"

"The fuck are you saying?"

"Come on. There's no one here, only you and me. Nobody has to know."

"Nah, dude. Sorry. Not interested." I noticed, while very annoyed at myself, that I was getting pretty damn hard.

"You sure? Lay down your pants, I will use only one finger."

Was this guy serious? What the actual fuck. That friendly grin was pissing me off now, because it was working like a charm. Nobody gonna know.

"Shit," I said, and I started to put down my pants. I was getting pretty excited at the prospect of getting touched by a man, which only made me more terrified. 

"Yeah, lay down on your side," Eric said. "Show me that big butt." 

"Asshole," I said. He came closers, and didn't wait for me to change my mind. His hand invaded my underwear and I felt a cold finger on my ass that made me jump. He laughed, which cause me to laugh as well. 

"Shhh, no noise. You wanna get caught?"

"Okay." 

The whole thing was an insane turn on. I couldn't deny it. Eric was pretty fast on making me feel good, and he didn't do much more than just one finger, like he said. He massaged my asshole really good, and pressed lightly, teasing me. I just laid there on the grass, feeling pretty good, eyes closed tight. 

It worked. I found myself needing more of that finger, and then more, until I was literally getting fucked. 

He did more than Meg did, somehow his finger was bigger, and by the way I was enjoying, god forgive me, he was pretty talented. 

"A little bit more," I said, with my eyes closed. 

"You sure?"

"Come on."

Eric laughed. 

"I hope you got rid of your shit before coming to this party," he said.

"Lucky you." 

Eric pressed his finger more. 

"You can jerk off, Joel. While I take care of your ass."

"Damn, this is crazy," I said, really losing. I started to jerk off, it felt like obeying what he told me to do, rather than accepting a nice tip. My hard cock loved to be touched right at that moment, the sensitivity just radiated pleasure. "Fuck me," I said, feeling extremely ashamed. "Keep going."

"You're getting me so hard, Joel." 

I almost said that I wanted to see it.

Instead, I cummed on the grass of his girlfriend's mother's pretty garden. Eric gave me a light slap on my ass. 

"See, you didn't die."

...

— 

Meg was pissed. She said she looked for me everywhere. She didn't. If she had done it, she would have found me letting another guy put his finger in my ass and enjoy it very much. 

"Sorry, baby. I just needed some air."

She saw who was next to me and put a smile on her face.

"Oh, Eric! Hello!" 

Eric smiled at her and excused himself.

The noise helped me avoid thinking. The drinking did a much better job. Meg pulled me to a corner between two couples pressed against a wall. 

"You know who he is ,right?"

"Who? Eric?"

"Yeah! He is the guy I was talking about..."

"What are you talking about?"

"You know..."

"Meg, stop. I don't wanna talk about it."

"Relax, I told you he wasn't gay." 

"Whatever." I kissed her and felt really good, but also a deep shame. "Let's go home?"

"What? But the party..."

"Please." Please, Meg. I needed you.

"Honey, I can't. I'm gonna stay a little while and then I have to go home, I promised my dad."

I stared into her eyes.

"You wanna stay here alone?" I said.

Meg shrugged, which pissed me off very much. 

"Fine," I said. 

Nice, add anger at my girlfriend in between the whole mess of emotions I was feeling at that moment. 

I left her there, and when I got to my car, I still turned around, expecting to see her coming right behind me. No such luck. Eric smiled at me. 

"Leaving already?"

I sighed.

"You know what, dude? Get off me. I'm not gay."

"Hey, hey!" He lifted his arms. "Calm down... I'm not saying anything. I believe you. I would never argue."

"Why are you smiling?"

"I just... I had a good time. I just wanted to say that. If you want to beat me up, I'll let you. Whatever makes you feel better."

"You're crazy."

"Maybe. Should you be driving?"

"I'm fine."

"You shouldn't be driving. It was kind of a rhetoric question." He got closer. "But I can't do anything. Be safe."

So this complete stranger (if I could still call him that after what happened) is more worried about me than my own girlfriend. Fuck my life. As Eric turned around and was leaving, I felt something inside telling me to try to make things better. I could also just get into my car and leave. I had done enough for today.

So what? I was drunk, my asshole still lingered in the delicious affection of his finger, and I was horny as fuck. 

"Eric! Are you gay?" I said. Doesn't matter what I think, I needed to know. Eric turned and came back to stand right in front of me, then he shrugged.

"What if I am?"

Eric watched me as I opened the backdoor of my car. I pointed inside. He smiled and didn't hesitate to get in. I was right behind him. 

Side by side, our hands worked together to take off my pants. I kept looking around to see if there was someone who could see us. I dreaded the idea that my girlfriend would catch me doing that stuff. But anyway, Eric sighed when he touched my hard dick and the first thing he did was lick the head, eating my cum. 

I closed my eyes instantly when he mouthed me. I noticed the difference between the softness of Meg and his rough hungry cocksucking mouth.

"Eat my fucking cock," I said, while gently swirling my fingers through his silk blond hair.

Eric made a pop sound on my cock's head. 

"Jesus, man. You're a god."

I watched him. I fucked his mouth. I didn't know I liked to be called a god so much. 

"This is the best thing ever," I said. 

"I know."

I brushed his neck and felt his prickled skin, shivering. He moaned. I was pretty sure I was moaning too, I was not paying too much attention on myself. 

**

I parked my car in front of my house, there was nothing more that I wanted than to just lay down, that party left me very exhausted. Billy was there with the new neighbor and a few other guys. He waved at me. 

"Sup', Jo!"

"Hey, Billy." I smiled. 

"Come meet the new guy," he said.

We shook our hands. 

"This is T.J." Billy said. "This is Joel."

"Nice to meet you."

"You too, bro." T.J said. His handshake was strong. 

"Are you okay, Joel?" Billy said. 

I shrugged.

"I'm fine, it was just an eventful day and I need to lay down."

"Yeah, I know what you mean," Billy said. I nodded.

"I'm sure you do."

The eventful days were just beginning.