 Disclaimer: Adult content, please leave if you are under aged. Also, there is gay sex in this story. If you don't like it, no one is forcing you to read it. You have come to the right site though, as there are hundreds of other stories that you might prefer. This story is a work in progress, and I will continue to write more if you guys like it. All characters are over 18 and fictional, the inspirations come from a mixture of different fantasies I have had in my head and decided to write down. I hope you enjoy!

*****

Lucas:

RIIING!

I sighed as the warning bell rang for class, having much preferred to have kept spending time talking to everyone else about what they did over Spring Break instead of going back to the daily grind of classes. 

"LUCASSS!" I heard a familiar voice call. I turned around just in time to get tackled by a giant hug. Normally not one for all of that physical contact, I did make an exception for one of my best friends. 

"Did you hear that Mrs. Anderson had her baby?" Olivia's voice was filled with excitement.

"What? When? I thought It wasn't due for another week or two!" 

We walked down the hall towards our English class as she filled me in. 

"So our new sub might be permanent, cuz Mrs. Anderson had always been talking about retiring and the new baby might be that final push. Also..." She stopped me as we neared the door, "I heard the new sub is like, super hot."

My interest was finally piqued. Even though I was still in the closet, a few of my closest friends knew that I was gay. English was definitely my least favorite class, but having some eye-candy rather than a pregnant forty-something-year-old would definitely make my senior year finish quicker.

I heard a small intake of breath and felt Olivia's hand squeeze my shoulder as we entered. 

"OMG he's so hot," she whispered, "and totally our type." 

It took me a moment before I realized who she was talking about. At first, I barely registered him as a teacher, only singling him out as the only one in the room I didn't know. He looked barely older than some of the other students in the school, especially since he was wearing jeans and a tee shirt. I did see what Olivia was talking about though. He was around an inch taller than I was, so 6 foot or so and he had a thin build, yet I could still see some definition of his muscles. He looked too young to be teaching high school, but there was something about the way that he held himself that gave off a more mature aura.

We sat down at our cluster of tables that belonged our usual group of friends. The chatter mainly consisted of talk about what colleges everyone had been accepted into and which each were planning to accept. As our school was very competitive and this was an honors class, it wasn't surprising that most got into their first choices. 

My mind wandered as I stared at the other side of the room, my eyes landing at the sight of the new teacher. For some strange reason, there was something about him that really got me enthralled. He was currently surrounded by a group of girls, each flirting with various levels of tact, which allowed me to scan him up and down unnoticed. He had short brown hair, dark eyes, and slight stubble around his strong jawline. His shoulders weren't so large as to stress the fabric of his shirt, but his pecs did push his tee out slightly and I could see the faint outline of where his nipples pointed through. The shirt he wore accented his tapered waistline and urg... those jeans. While they did show off his rear and a slight bulge, the looseness of the jeans hid any more information. I guess I just had to fill it in with my head. 

It wouldn't be hard. Being 18 and having and having constant urges without a way to release them was incredibly frustrating, especially after that vacation with my family. So much to look at, so much I had to hide from my parents. 

"Guess who's going to still be schoolmates next year?" 

I was snapped out of my daydream as an arm pulled me to the side. Aiden had came up next to me and pulled my shoulder towards his. 

"Really? That's awesome!" Olivia squealed.

I looked up at him and raised an eyebrow. "Did you really?"

He sat down across from me and gave me a giant smile. "You didn't make it easy!"

"How is that my fault?" I asked. 

He gave a small chuckle. "Normally," he started, "When someone places 2nd in nationals for diving and is in the top 5 people of a student body of 800, Yale is glad to accept them. However, it's much harder when Lucas freaking Astor, Mr. "top swimmer in the nation" that was scouted as a freshman and valedictorian and student body president AND three time art competition winner also goes to the same school as you." 

I put my hands up guiltily, "Okay, okay, I get it."

"No, you don't get to go away scot-free! After being wait-listed for early acceptance, I basically had to beg them to let me in."

"Hey, you got offers from every other school," I quipped.

"But," he said with a glint in his eye, "How else was I supposed to stay with my best friend?" 

His face settled into a natural smirk. As much of an over-exaggerated hassle he could be, it was that loud and obnoxious personality that I grew up and became friends with. Aiden was leaning back on his chair, and as I scanned his broad shoulders and freshly tanned skin, there was no question of how perfect a specimen he was. Unfortunately, everyone else also saw it as well and Aiden had little control of himself when approached by anyone who met his low bar. 

Before our banter could continue, a sharp bell rang and our attentions were focused on the front of the room. 

"Hello everybody! My name is Michael Vincent and I will be your sub for Honors Lit for the rest of the year. I know that you seniors don't really care much about learning now that your graduations are fast approaching, but you still have exams left. I have no doubt that you guys are smart and are all well prepared anyways, so I hope we can have an enjoyable end of the year."

His voice was soft and smooth, but still had a strong masculine authority to it. I could have listened to him talk forever about how he was almost thirty and simply looked young for his age, or about how he joined the military at age 18 but decided to study English and literature when he was stationed throughout Europe. How he was fascinated with European philosophers and their views on life. He then began talking about how he was super excited to move back go Highland Village and to get hired at the school. He showed a picture of his new house, his dog, and his wife...

Shame. 

Not that he would have been available anyways, but it was still another perfectly fine man lost to heterosexuality. Either way, I knew that any fantasies I would inevitably have about him would be even hotter. Nothing more desirable than what you can't have, right? 

The morning went off without a hitch, with most teachers easing their way back into classes. They could also feel the "Senioritis" we all felt as our final year was ending. Before I knew it, it was already time for my favorite part of the day, lunch.

"Yo, help me carry these." I heard Olivia's voice call near the entrance to the cafeteria. I turned and my mouth immediately started salivating as I saw the buckets of fried chicken she held in her arms. One of the best things about being a senior was having periods off. Olivia's were in the middle of the day, which allowed her to supply our lunch table with an unhealthy amount of junk food. I could barely keep my hands off the food as we made our way towards our usual table. 

"What the hell!!" I screamed as I was sent flying towards the ground. 

"Watch where you guys are going!" I could hear Olivia's voice pierce the room. 

I quickly scanned the ground and sighed with relief as I noticed that none of the chicken had fallen out of their containers. 

Oh thank god.

"Are you okay?" The voice sent a shiver down my spine. I finally looked up to see the person that I had been hoping to avoid for the rest of the year. 

Tanner towed above my sprawled form and one of his long arms reached down from above. His long blond hair covered a lot of his face, but I could still feel his eyes burn into the depths of my soul as I stared back at him, refusing his help. 

"Sorry about that. Coach let us out early and we were all excited to get to lunch on time for once. Some of us," he turned to another person in the crowd that had gathered, "were going too fast and weren't paying attention." 

I looked around and sure enough, I was surrounded by a group of guys that I recognized as members of our basketball team.

"What the hell is going on?" I could hear another familiar voice as someone pushed their way through the crowd. 

"You. What the fuck are you up to?" Aiden grabbed Tanner's shirt in his hand. Although Aiden was almost half a foot shorter than the 6'6" basketball star, everyone could tell that his anger was not something to be messed with. 

"It was just an accident," I began, recognizing the stance that Aiden had taken, knowing that if this continued any further, we would all get in trouble. 

"Let's just go eat," I said as I stood up and brushed up my clothes. Aiden still had a death grip on Tanner, but I grabbed his arm. I could tell he was still angry, but his muscles relaxed at my touch. He reluctantly released his grip and began to move away. I could tell he was still fuming as I pushed him ahead of me, making sure to place myself in between the two as we headed away from the fray.

"Hey," I heard a hushed whisper behind me, "we should talk." 

My body instinctively froze, but I pushed myself to keep moving. Maybe if I pretended to not have heard him, he wouldn't pursue it any further. 

We barely made it to our table before Aiden finally broke his brief silence. 

"That asshole, he knew what he was doing," He sneered, his fist pounding on the table as he sat down. 

"Let's just eat," I said, hoping that a change in topic would take his mind off of the situation. Fortunately, his insatiable appetite and the smell of delicious fried chicken was enough to take his mind off of the situation. As the rest of the group gathered and began chowing down, I couldn't take my mind off of the way Tanner had looked at me. 

Despite having dated secretly for 3 months, our views of the relationship never lined up. As the captain of the basketball team, he was headstrong and eager. I had the unique honor of being his first, and the way he had looked at me back then, every touch, every kiss was full of energy and passion. I remember how every time we snuck off, he would always push for us to make our relationship public. He claimed that our bond would overcome any obstacles and we would have each other even if every single person turned against us.

It was that optimism and confidence that drew me towards him, but also led to us breaking apart. Every time he would push harder and harder, but I was too scared to take that next step. As the swimming season and basketball season hit full swing, I took the cowardly way out and said that we should break up in order to focus on our respective sports. I began to avoid him like the plague and eventually, he stopped trying to track me down. That was a month ago, and he had come out of the closet since then. Luckily, no one connected the dots for our relationship, but I have still tried to avoid him since. While he had the support of his family and even the whole basketball team and school, I knew that it would not have been the same for me. 

"What are you thinking about?" Aiden's voice was soft and full of concern, unlike his usual personality. He was sitting next to me, his broad shoulders nudging mine with his every movement. 

"Nothing, why?" 

"Well, you haven't even touched any of your food." 

I looked down to see a piece of fried chicken, peeled of it's skin and breading, and placed on my plate. Although it was a cardinal sin in my mind, it was a sacrifice we had to make in the heart of competition season. 

"Thanks," I mumbled, grabbing the piece and stuffing it into my mouth. The delicious flavors danced across my taste buds as my appetite was reignited. Aiden still had a look of suspicion on his face as he watched me eat and I knew that he had caught on. 

Luckily the girls began to talk about the new teacher for our English class and the heated debate about if he had a six-pack or not took the attention away from me. 

The rest of the day went by quickly, as I was still distracted by my lunchtime encounter. There was a level of guilt that hadn't left my mind since I basically ghosted Tanner and I was debating whether to contact him later to see what he had to say. 

The math class just ended and it was time to head to the pool. My off-period was set at the end of the school day so that I could get some dives in before everyone else arrived and I knew that some time in the water would help me clear my head. 

By the time I had gotten to the locker room however, there was already someone there. Sitting on the a bench in nothing but his underwear was none other than Aiden. 

"Hey, what's on your mind?" He had his feet planted on the ground and his arms crossed, a serious look on his face.

"I don't want to talk about it." I said as I walked right past him, threw my duffel into my locker and stripped off my shirt, preparing to change into my diving Speedo. I could hear him stand up and walk towards me, the sound of his bare feet on the hard concrete getting louder with every step and his breath hitting my bare skin as he approached closer. 

"Whatever it is," He whispered into my ear as he stood directly behind me. "You seem really off and distracted."

I didn't say a word as it wasn't something I really wanted to discuss. As I paused, he slowly wrapped his arms around my torso from behind, his hands gently gliding across my skin as he enveloped me in a hug. 

"I can't help you solve your problems if you don't tell me," His breath left a warm circle of air on my neck as he leaned in and rested his head on my shoulder, "But maybe I can help clear your mind for a few moments."

His lips gently touched my shoulder, coming in contact multiple times with my skin as he trailed kisses up my neck. I briefly turned away, leading to him making contact with my chin, but he continued his advance, slowly making his way to the side of my mouth. 

I felt him stop as he handed control over to me, letting me decide where this was going to go.

With my mind still spinning with all the thoughts of the busy first day after Spring Break, maybe he was right and I just needed to take my mind off it for a moment.

"Fuck it, I need this," I decided and turned to face him. Aiden and I both had similar builds, but it was as if someone took my body and added "plus one" to all the stats. He was slightly taller, his shoulders slightly broader and his muscles had more definition. 

My head tilted upwards as my lips made contact with his. I had been some time since we had done this, but Aiden knew every little detail of what I liked. His kiss was aggressive, his tongue forcing its way into mouth, yet still gentle and full of passion. With every move, I could feel his eagerness, his desire, his lust. He wasn't the only one. 

My hands roamed across his body, first across his smooth and defined abs and then upwards towards his chest. His nipples were pert due to the cool temperature in the locker room, which only made them easier to pinch. I heard him moan in pleasure as I gently twisted, his breath getting heavier with every movement on his sensitive buds. 

"Oh God," I heard him moan as I flicked them both at once. I took his brief gasp for air as time to move my mouth down lower. Replacing one of my hands, I brushed across one of his sensitive pecs with my mouth, giving his nipple a light suck before gently holding it in between my teeth and flicking it with my tongue. 

At this point I felt movement on his groin area as his loose boxers were doing a terrible job of holding down his rapidly growing erection. I used my spare hand to guide his underwear to the ground and his member sprang free. Kneeling down, I could hear his breathing quicken as I took his cock in my hand. His member was above average, not monstrous, but thick. His huge sack was his crowning jewel, with each ball being the size of limes, their size almost made his cock look small. Although neither of us were swimming for speed, we both shaved our bodies like the swimmers did in team solidarity. Aiden's only hair in the region was a neatly trimmed and his hanging sack was completely free of hair. 

My mouth slowly made contact with the head of his cock and my left hand began to fondle his balls, rolling them around in my palm. With every slow motion of my head, I would go almost halfway down his cock and then slowly come back up, making sure that my tongue would swirl and flick across the tip of his dick every time. I could hear his breathing quicken and quicken with every move, his hand on the back of my head losing a little bit of control as his cock went deeper into my throat. His member was rock hard and the veins popped out along his shaft. His member was warm in my mouth and I could taste the salty flavor of his precum as it began to leak out his tip. 

Almost too suddenly, I heard him give a loud shout.

"Oh it's too much!"

Feeling, what was coming I made sure to have a firm grip of his cock with my mouth as I felt his balls tighten. 

I made sure to squeeze his balls gently as he came, shot after shot of cum spilled into my mouth and I had to even lean forward as he almost lost his balance and stumbled backwards a step. It was a few seconds as he emptied all of his seed into my waiting maw. 

It wasn't until I felt no more movement that I pulled my mouth off his cock with a slurp, making sure catch every drop as he bent over in heavy breathing. I gave him a few seconds as I swirled the taste of his seed in my mouth, before swallowing it down the giant load and licking my lips. 

He was still doubled over and panting, but looked up to meet my eyes. 

"I'm so sorry," He began, still panting as he came off his own high, "I guess it's been a while and I got way too excited." 

I gave him a quick smirk as his breathing began to calm down and he chuckled back at me. It was surprising to see that the infamous Aiden himself shot his load too early, but I knew that he had always seen me as different than most of his other conquests. It was almost flattering in a way how much I affected him, but it did still leave me with a problem.

He stood up as he regained his composure and saw my slightly disappointed face. 

"Aw shit," he sighed and he realized it as well. It would take him a few minutes before he was ready to go again and while he had finished once already, I was still left on edge. 

"Don't worry," He gave me that grin that told me he had a devilish idea in mind. "You can just go first."

He walked over to the small wooden bench and sat down on the edge, his feet planted on both sides. He motioned me over and tugged at my shorts as I got closer. He then proceeded to peel away my briefs and release my own cock. He smiled as my dick came free and gave it a quick kiss. It wasn't hard enough to hold itself up yet, but I could feel the blood rush to my member at the contact. 

"I've missed this guy." He said before quickly lifting the semi-soft tool with is hand and putting the head in his mouth. Aiden took long strokes, going as deep as he could with every move. He was slow and methodical, moving along the shaft with such care as if it was a valuable piece of art, made to be adored and worshiped. While my cock wasn't as thick as his, it was longer and I knew he always liked the extra challenge of trying to get the whole thing down his throat. 
