 This story is graphic! If gay sex, breeding or forced sexual situations offend you please do not read this story. ***Spoiler*** this story is about forced gay sex.

This story takes place in Bolder Bin a small low income town where country alpha men fight for dominance over work, women and each-other.

*****

Names Tod.

I'm a small town construction working man in his late 30s. I'm divorced and I have an 18 year old and a 19 year old, both boys. In the last story I found out I was getting fucked by one of my best friends when I get blackout drunk. 

The boys shoved their way into the house almost catching me red handed, with my cock in my hand, dripping ass-hole and a pool of cum in my chair. Worst of all a video of my best friend Mitch frozen at a point that shows him clearly loading my ass doggy style...

Well that moment felt like it lasted years. Everything just froze there. I decided the thing that needed to go first was the computer. I ran over to the screen and pulled plug by then the boys were picking themselves off the floor just as I turned to face them.

"GET OUT!" I screamed hoping they would somehow poof away, but they didn't, neither one of them damn boys. They just stood there looking at me, looking at the computer and each-other. "I said GET OUT!"

The two scrambled for the door bumping into each-other on the way out. I had to clean up! I had to explain, I... I...

... I have no idea how I'm gonna talk to the boys.

Just then blue balls hits but the sobering effects of seeing my two sons made blue balls look like nothing. I can't believe I just jerked to Mitch fucking my ass hole. 

I ran to the bathroom and turned around in the mirror. I pulled my cheeks apart to look at my hole. My heart sank. I was looking at a totally ruined hole. The edges were lose I could see my pink insides and I was still dripping his load. I looked like I had a pussy.

I didn't even look like a man who had been raped, I looked like a whore that had just been filled with a load. I tried to push my hole back in and tense up to make it tight again but it just contracted and barfed up more cum, I was disgusting. What if my boys had seen it when I was bent over trying to turn off the computer.

Looking at my ass-hole I was shocked that Mitch would turn me into this but I was also a bit turned on. I was just watching him dump his load in my body. It turned me on but I couldn't help be shamed by the consequences of what happened to me.

My doctor thinks I'm a queer and will not see me anymore, people at the hospital were surly telling their closes friends about how Tod the trailer trash divorced construction working was taking dick up the shoot. Not to mention my sons, what will they think of me now? Did they see my hole? What would it mean to them? Would they hear about it?

Then there was Mitch. We had been friends since high-school.

How long has he been fucking my ass?

Did he tell anyone?

Why did it turn me on so much to know I was carrying his load in me right now?

Where would I go from here?

Would Mitch ever fuck me again?

How did I not notice all this before?

I put my foot on the sink to get a better look. I found myself getting hard as more cum leaked out of me. I started putting two fingers up my ass. It was a fag hole now. I was warm and wet inside. I could help but like the sensitive feeling of my fingers sliding up into me. I liked the feeling. Was I becoming a faggot?

I pulled my fingers out and put both feet on the floor. I wasn't a faggot I had never agreed to get fucked or take a load and it wasn't like I even knew what it felt like to take a cock. Mitch had only fucked me while I was passed out and if I never let that happen again I was in the clear.

"I never felt the dick," I sat down on the toilet and pushed out the rest of his load. I had never done that before even though I knew he must have breed me a 1000 times already.

Where did it go before? 

Did his load just stay up there until it dried out or absorbed into my body somehow? 

I knew I shouldn't look but I did anyway. Man it looked like I pooped out cup of white liquid laundry detergent. I wiped my ass and I could feel the paper rub my soft pink insides.

You know, so what? I have a big hole now, who cares? That's just me now and I bet it's been like that for a while, I never noticed before, so what? I got fucked but I don't remember. I never felt it and it's never happening again. 

I walked over to the computer and used a bathroom towel to soak up the cum and wipe of my chair. Once everything was cleaned up I turned on the computer.

The old screen came on with a pop and displayed the video of Mitch fucking my ass. Fuck it, I went to push delete-all but looking at his huge dick on cam I just didn't want to. So I saved the video to a folder and then pushed clear.

I knew I should have deleted it but I just couldn't help it. I couldn't use it to nail Mitch because it shows me so clearly getting fucked in the butt and jizzed in, no one would respect me after seeing this video.

I couldn't just let Mitch get away with it. I couldn't tell if I was more angry or more turned on, my ass was clean but my mind was dirty.

The Following Monday...

The kids stayed out all weekend and by the time I got up for work Monday morning they had already returned and left. I showered, got dressed and got myself ready to face Mitch at work. 

It might seem a bit silly but I found myself straying from anger and wondering about Mitch's big dick. How his cock fills his paints and my hole. I wondered if he fucked anyone else. On the way to the job site I actually made myself jealous thinking about guys who might have also taken his cock.

What if other guys had already been in my hole!?

I knew I would face him but when I actually saw his scruffy face and big tall frame my heart sank and my butt started to twitch..

"Hey Tod you had a long night"?! Mitch was usually the first one to say hello. Several other guys looked in my direction and chuckled. I was known for having long nights drinking but...

Did they all know I got fucked? 

"Yeah I was up all night fucking your wife!" I hollered back in his direction.

Did they all know about me getting fucking in the ass?!

I couldn't stop thinking about it.

"Hay, catch!" Mitch tossed me a bottle of water from the cooler. "Stay hydrated!"

I caught the bottle and started drinking as I unloaded my truck and put on my tool belt. Mitch was acting like everything was okay, which goes to show how routine fucking my ass was. He didn't have the guilt on his face one would expect from someone who just raped a dear friend in the ass. Mitch carried on with me as usual, though I kept my distance. One minute I was ready to kick his ass and the next I was getting hard looking at the outline of his cock in his jeans.

I found myself heading over to jerk it in the porta-john next to the job site. I wasn't the first to do it. There is something distinct about walking to a porta-john and knowing you are planning to masturbate. I made sure my walk was just right and I didn't look around too much on my way there, oh and don't look straight at the john kinda just-

"Hey man you feeling good?" It was Mitch.

"Huh, ya". I felt like he somehow knew what I was thinking. "Yeah why, what's up?"

What was I supposed to say? Yeah I saw you fuck me last night and I can't get your big cock out of my mind...

"It's already a long day for me," he wiped his face. "You recover from last night, you seem out of it?"

"What?!" Oh yeah he means the drinking. "I am doing great just a normal weekend, I gotta pee."

I got in the john and locked the door. I could still see out of the ventilation screen so I peeked out at Mitch. God he was hot. I could see his bulge through his jeans and I remembered what his big hairy balls and thick monster cock looked like on display before he started pounding me last night. he had a very good body and I could even see how hariy he was through his t-shirt.

I really wanted to know what his cock felt like. As I jacked my rock-hard cock I started to get that feeling in my ass again. I wanted fucked, there was just no deniying that fact. I felt my sloppy asshole with a finger. It had gotten more dry and a bit more closed. As soon as I pushed my finger it relaxed and let me in, I like it!

It was like feeling a girls pussy. As I used two fingers to stimulate my wet hole I realized I needed something bigger, so I reached for my hammer. I couldn't believe I was spitting on the handle of my tool so I could fuck myself with it.

I felt like I was about to cross a line but it was still just masterbating. So, I reached back with the hammer and pushed it in smoothly. My ass accepted the tool without issue as I pushed deeper. It definitely hit the spot for now!

The guys continued to work as I stood there feet away from my crew pushing a hammer in and out of my own ass like a faggot. Mitch wondered out of view of the vent but I started looking at the other guys. I had never seen their cocks but now I wondered about them. I felt like a real slut. The feeling in my own ass was incredible. I noticed something wet on my leg, thick pre-cum out of my rock hard dick was sliding down the side on my leg. This was incredible! I had stopped jacking my cock sometime ago, forgetting about it. Could I cum from just the hammer?

What would the guys say if they saw me just standing here cumming and playing with my butt. These men I had worked with for years. These men thought of me as a big, beefy macho construction worker, like Mitch, like them. The idea of the humiliation turned me on. 

Would they be disgusted? 

Turned on?

Would they fuck me?

I started using the hammer as a leaver to pound the best spot but I realized I couldn't stand and make myself cum. I sat down on the can and put my legs up on either side of the door. I was able to put the hammer back in and got a much better reach.

Oh it felt amazing. I could hear the men working as they worked closer to my end of the jobsite.

"Uhhh," I grunted.

What if I just unlatched the door with my foot and let it swing open to show the whole jobsite my ruined hole?

"Tod you almost done in there?" It sounded like Butch one of the younger guys who started working last session. "I gotta piss."

I was so turn on and I craved the humiliation. I wanted him to see me like this. I wanted Mitch to see me like this. I wanted a man to face me and take away my manhood. I wanted everyone to know I take cock!

"I don't care if you're taking a shit let me use the urinal man."

OMFG what is wrong with me?

What am I thinking?!

I can't believe what I fucking did I just moved the lock with my foot and he opened the door. I need this!

I never stopped playing with my hammer and as he stood there with his mouth wide open I looked him dead in the eyes and continued to pump my ass with it. We were blocked from view of the other guys by the hill but they would be in direct view as they got closer. I didn't care if he yelled for the other guys and outed me. I was gonna cum now for sure it was so hot. The shocked look on his face seeing my asshole opened with my own work hammer.

Never breaking eye contact I pulled the hammer out of my ass with a plop, clear slime oozing out of me as my dick twitched. I patted my asshole for him.

Make your move dude, make your move.

To my own surprise he simply entered closing the door. At first I thought he was gonna fuck me but instead he went over to the urinal and pulled out his cock and started to take a piss. Things were tight so I wasn't a challenge for him to reach over and put middle finger up my ass. "Oh fuck you man."

I felt humiliated I was on my back with a random straight guys middle finger stuck up my ass. I wanted DICK bad! He turn around to look at me but when I heard him stop pissing I looked over to see his cock.

It was long, thick and dripping pre-cum. I looked back up at him to see him peering at my open hole as he fingered me with his middle finger. He chucked and pulled out his finger, I just about came. He turned toward me and shoved his huge cock all the way in me his pre-cum mixing with my sloppy ass lube. My hole accepted him with no problem but his long cock causes pain deep within me.

"Uhh,"I grunted. I couldn't believe I could feel his dick in me. I had butch's cock in my, his pre-cum was oozing into my body. He bitched me. I made no move to resist. He pushed it as deep as it could go and held it there. My cock go as hard as it could and I started cumming on myself.

"Ha ha, that's what it takes huh bitch?" Butch had never talked to me like that before and after cumming, and coming down from my sexual high I immediately regretted what I did.

I felt so disrespected. He didn't even fuck me, he just shoved it in to make me cum. He wiped his dick on the side on my pants, zipped up and then opened the door and left. I stayed like that for a second. 

I scrambled to get on my feet and lock the door. 

What was wrong with me?

I can't take that back. Butch put his cock up my ass. I had his cock in me! He looked at me like I was lower than a whore, I was just a faggot with his legs up begging for cock.

After wiping my ass and chest I re-joined to group and started working. Butch has made eye contact with me several times and grinned. After the guilt wore off I grinned back.

Mitch fucked me first but on pure chance I let Butch take my manhood. I was a bitch now. I was his bitch for sure and probably Mitch's bitch as well. Once Butch realized I had conceded to his dominance as my fucker our dynamic started to change. I felt humiliated because he was acting so playful and protective with me.

I was still a grown man with teenage sons and an ex-wife!

Come lunchtime he invited me to ride with him. I figured we would go somewhere and he would fuck me again and finish in my butt. I was looking forward and got in the truck without issue. Once we were on the country road he started pulling out his big hard cock. I was looking around wondering where we would pull over.

"Go ahead and suck it Tod."

I was surprised by his command. I had never thought about sucking dick before. 

Why would I even do that? 

I don't get pleasure from my mouth I get it from my ass (I get pleasure from my ass, it is my sex organ now, damn).

"Man I think you got the wrong idea I just get-"

"Little bitch you are gonna suck this dick before we have to go back in you fucking cock tease!"

"Dude I said I don't suck dick!" Who the fuck was he calling little bitch. I was taller, older and thicker than this fucking kid. He did have a huge cock though.

The truck came to a screeching halt and we both got out prepared to fight. We were both on the passenger side of the truck yelling in the middle for nowhere.

"You faggot you got my dick hard and you been teasing my cock all day, I'll kick your ass if you don't make me cum!"

"I said you could fuck me Butch!"

"I don't want that right now, ass takes me too long to cum."

He did have a valid point but the idea of getting on my knees and putting his dirty cock in my mouth sounded disgusting. I liked the feeling of cock in my ass but what would I get out of putting him in my mouth. Having some dudes pisser in my mouth, it wasn't gonna happen. "I'm not gay man."

"What?!"

"I'm not gay I just, like it in the butt."

"Tod you're fucking gay Tod. You know what? I don't even care, suck my dick or I'll tell everyone about what happened and let them decide if you are gay or not."

He was bluffing, there is no way he would tell everyone he put his dick up my ass. "I'm not sucking it."

He chucked at me and smirked.

"I'm not sucking."

He looked me in the eyes as he started pulling and tugging on his dick. I couldn't help but look down at it. It was big and thick. It wasn't as hary as Mitch's monster cock but it looked good and I know it felt good in my ass.

"Just fuck me man." I wasn't ashamed to ask. I need cock, I was a bitch and I would probably be one for the rest of my life.

"Get in doggy faggot."

I pulled my jeans down and bunched them up so my knees wouldn't be on the gravel. I waited to feel his cock push into me as I got in doggy as requested. I closed my eyes and I wasn't disappointed. I felt the head push into me. It didn't hurt at all. I could feel every detail of his cock. I could feel when he first rubbed by my prostate. I could feel his dick hit the end on my colin and then slowly push past it, this caused pain but only for a second as he pushed deeper and I finally felt his balls on mine. I was completely penetrated. If I hadn't have cum before I would have cum now.

I felt him slowly withdraw is cock by about 5 inches until he was just on my prostate and then he pushed it back in past the pain right up inside me. I knew he didn't have to go this deep but I like it, the bitch should a feel a little bit of pain. His strokes were not all the same. Sometimes he jabbed my prostate sending shocks throughout my body, other times he forced it deep and dug around my intestines, while this caused the most pain it also made me feel the greatest connection and the most dominated. He would pull out from time to time and force his whole cock back in, after awhile it became clear he was just showing off his skill at fucking and not trying to cum.

"Cum man." I finally asked him between moans.

He pulled out of me completely. For a moment I just stood there like a bitch in heat waiting for the dick but after a second I opened my eyes and looked behind me to see him holding a slimy hard dick.

"Oh no." I figured it out.

"If you ever want me to fuck you again in your life you better suck and you better make me cum Tod you fucking faggot bitch."

I knew I didn't have a choice. I loved cock in me and I found someone who would keep my secret and fuck me good. I moved my jeans so that I could kneel before him and pay my respects to the tool that had just given me so much pleasure. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth.

"No bitch I want you to look at me, and lick my nuts." He pulled out his phone and I assume started recording.

I looked at him and started to lick his balls. The texture was like I expected, balls and hair. As I looked at him I thought about all the time he ever said the expression (suck my balls, suck my dick, blow me). Here I was on my knees sucking his balls. He would always have proof of that. He was smiling at me.

"See that's not so bad, faggots like sucking dick."

"I'm not gay!"

"Don't take your eyes off mine and keep your mouth on my junk, okay faggot?"

"Ommokay," I said as I started sucking on his whole right nut (suck my right nut, that was another one and here I was doing it).

As I continued to suck his balls his dick started pre-cumming. Eventually his pre-cum made it down his long shaft to his balls and mixed with my saliva. I tried to avoid it at first as he looked down at me. I realized it didn't matter I was already going to suck his cock. I help sucking and eventually let the taste of his pre-cum bathe my tounge. He looked me in the eyes as I realised I liked the flavor.

"There you go faggot, doesn't that feel good in your sucking mouth?"

I was on my knees licking a mans pre-cum off his balls while he watched me like a boss. The humiliation and flavor of cum was starting to overcome my disgust. He watched my dick start to harden and I almost broke eye contact when he slapped me with his cock leaving behing an imprint of pre-cum. 

"Go on suck my dick, don't take your mouth off it, become my cocksucker."

My cock got fully hard as I licked up suck up his shaft. When I got to the tip of his cock I sucked some of the cum out of the tip.

"Enough playing with it, I need you to suck it off and make me blow a load, come on Tod you're one step away from becoming the town's newest cocksucker."
