 Going to a man for a massage just never occurred to me. But recently the idea had become more and more appealing until the need had to be satisfied. I imagined all kinds of wild situations and none of them involved a backrub! I decided to finally act on this growing urgency, looked around and finally stumbled on the idea of searching the gay personal ads. 

Eric had a gentle yet strong and reassuring voice. I couldn't say what I wanted, exactly, all I had was my daydreams to go by, but he said he was up for the job whatever it entailed, and that I would go away happy. I just alluded to my 'situation' and his reaction put me at ease immediately, saying he understood completely and had lots of experience. Whoever the client, he always enjoyed his work. He promised my satisfaction even though I didn't say exactly what I expected. 

When I arrived at his inconspicuous town home he answered the door wearing only loose shorts and sandals. A younger man, he was about my height and weight but more muscular as his smooth hairless chest and well defined arms attested. His friendly smile helped me relax as I envied his thick head of short dark hair! 

"Hi, you must be Ron, come in" he said, turning to lead me upstairs to a dimly lit room. He tells me to undress and get under the sheet on the table and that he'll be back soon. 

I slowly strip and hang my clothes on the hooks on the wall. Before removing my glasses I take a look at myself in the full length mirror, trying to twist into an impossible position where I can see my ass. 'Not too bad for fifty... still pretty firm and smooth...wonder if he'll like it...hell, he's seen a lot worse...he does this for a living after all...gotta work on that belly...' 

Finally I climb up on the table and start to imagine what's in store. How do I tell him what I crave? I couldn't imagine saying I fantasized about being coaxed to my knees, sucking a stiff cock, and then laying on my belly to take it in my tight asshole.

On my back on the table I wait covered by the flimsy sheet, unnecessary really in the warm room. The flickering candlelight on the walls and non-music soothing me before I ever felt his touch. 'Where do they get that music anyway?' I wonder. 

Eric enters and says "If you're comfortable we can begin." 

I mumble "um...ok...yeah..." and he pulls the sheet down to my waist. I get a whiff of the slightly fragrant oil as he pours some on his hands and rubs them together. His hands are warm and slippery on my skin, but I jump a little at his touch anyway. 

"First time?" he asks, without stopping. I wonder for a second if he means first massage or first time indulging my cocksucking fantasies. 

"With a man...yeah" I reply vaguely. His firm hands stroke up and down my chest, shoulders, arms. Moving downward he reveals my legs to his experienced hands, tucks the sheet between my legs, only my crotch still barely covered. His hands feel like magic sliding over my skin, kneading my muscles. First gently, then harder and deeper, working out all the tension and stress stored in each one. 

His soft, mesmerizing voice says "Just relax, we'll get all that toxic tension out of you." I'm enjoying it all, but still wondering how to tell him what I really want. I hear his voice as if from a distance "... different kinds of stress, different parts of the body, we're going to find them all... His forearms brush against the fabric covering my stiffening cock. 

"Mmm..." I moan as he does it again, more deliberately "yeah, stress..." I whisper. 

He grows more bold, hands sliding under the sheet now, stroking thighs and belly, getting closer and closer to my cock. With one oily hand he gently strokes and cups and gently squeezes my balls in the other. "...just relax...let go of all your worries and cares..." I hear him say. He tightens his grip now, stroking slowly up and down the shaft of my full erection, stopping just at the ridge. My excitement builds with each teasing stroke. Finally he touches the sensitive head, his thumb circles around and around the tip, wiping the precum at the sticky slit. "Mmm...now that's tense..." he says. 

Stroking the full length of my impatient cock he asks "Feel good...this what you need?" 

I open my eyes and look up at him and nod, saying "yes... feels so good...but..." 

He smiles and says "but there's more, you want something different..." as he releases my cock and takes a step back. 

He turns away from me and slides his shorts down and off, revealing his smooth athletic ass. "Am I getting warmer?" he asks with a grin as he slides his hands up and down his pale cheeks, parting them slightly with the motion and giving a rear view glimpse of his balls and anus. 

"Yes...much warmer..." I mumble. He turns toward me and I see his cock for the first time. Even without my glasses I know it's semi rigid, with abundant hair surrounding the base. His balls hang down low in the warm air and swing slightly from side to side as he steps closer to me. Finally, it comes into sharp focus as he stands inches from my head. The pink tip is peeking out from the foreskin, glistening precum filling the slit. 

"Now where were we...?" he asks as he reaches down and takes my cock in his hand again. Twisting slightly I reach out to touch him. Eric's cockshaft felt like velvet as my fingers grazed it and brushed up and down the sides. Starting at the hair around the base I encircled the whole thing and slid my hand up to the wet tip. I watched, fascinated, as it grew to its full length and girth, hardening like concrete in my hand. In its fully erect state the crimson shiny head was almost fully out of its sheath and I couldn't resist any longer. Shifting to the edge of the table I changed hands and brought my head closer to him. 

He was reading my mind and moved closer and I paused for a just a second to admire it before parting my lips slightly and kissing it softly on the tip. Again and again I kissed it, flicking it with my tongue, savoring the taste of the clear liquid seeping out from the slit. "Ohh..." he moaned softly as he twitched with each flick of my tongue. I turned fully onto my side to take him as deep as I could, finally surrendering completely to my hunger and greed. "So good...can't be your first..." I hear him utter. 

He pushed forward and I opened wider, embracing the whole head with my warm wet lips as he pulled back. "Mmmm...oh yeah..." his moans of pleasure encouraged me. In and out, in and out, he slowly thrust deeper into my mouth as I held him and pulled the loose skin down around the base. "You're quite a cocksucker Ron..."

He took over completely now, determining how fast and deep he would use my willing mouth. Gripping my head with both hands Eric pulled me forward to meet each thrust. He varied my face fucking to please himself. Slow and shallow, my lips barely wrapped around the head. Then deep and fast and my drool seeped out past his piston and down my cheek. Again and again he pumped my warm slippery mouth, getting closer to exploding with each plunge into me.

"Unh...unh...unh..." I heard with each push forward. He increased his tempo, stroking my cock to near bursting, at the same pace as he was fucking my face. I flinched a few times as he slammed into the back of my throat, but didn't break the rhythm. I wanted nothing to stop him from flooding my mouth and throat with his hot juice. 

Finally, with one deep, hard push and a long drawn out "Ahhhhhh...I'm cumming..." I felt his cock throbbing, erupting, squirting the back of my throat and mouth full with his warm, slightly salty semen. "Now don't waste any Ronnie...get every drop" he said. 

Eric pulled back almost completely out of my mouth and my lips sucked hungrily on the sensitive head to drain his balls completely. 

He continued sliding his hand up and down my shaft as I greedily swallowed as much of his cum as I could. 

"Yeah, that's it, lap it up...clean my shaft and balls cocksucker..." he muttered. 

I continued pumping my cock in his fist, until at last I arched and shot my load on his hand and in the air as I felt his warm fluid escape my mouth and trickle down my cheek and chin. 

To be continued...