 All characters in this story are over the age of 18.

*****

It had been four days since Dan and Ben had shown up at my apartment, followed by my friend Tim. I had seen Tim every day at school and spoken to him. He was getting better in dealing with what happened to him. He seemed less jumpy and far less depressed. I had been worried about him, for obvious reasons. But after all my assurances of his safety and Dan's lack of interest had both turned out to be true, he began to become himself again. I assured him that I was always available if he needed to talk to someone, since we had both agreed not to tell anyone else. But he seemed to want to follow my original advice, to simply go on about his life and try not to think about it.

I knew that I was not in the same boat as Tim. I was pretty sure that Dan wouldn't be paying me anymore visits, after Ben had "claimed" me and told Dan that he was to stay away. I was slightly mollified about Dan not wanting to cross Ben, when Dan had backed down from Ben at my apartment. But I also knew that Ben was going to come back sooner or later. I was at least glad that Ben was either busier than Dan, or that he did not feel the need to rape me quite as much as Dan. Either way, Ben would be back.

I had worried about my own actions last time. But I had justified to myself that I had just been so worked up and stressed out, that when my cock was being stimulated so much that it was my need to cum and not my enjoyment of the situation that caused my behavior. I still felt humiliated and shocked when I thought about what I had said, as Ben had made me ride him. But I kept telling myself that it was an out-of-the-ordinary situation that had caused my strange behavior. I almost believed myself.

I had numerous pro and con arguments with myself, regarding my new situation. I still wasn't totally sure what being claimed actually meant, but I wasn't about to ask either. I kept going back to the biggest pro, that being I would only have to service Ben. I was at least honest enough with myself to admit that I preferred Ben over Dan. That wasn't a big deal. Ben had a lot more going for him than Dan.

Ben never taunted me. He never threatened me. He never rubbed my nose in my situation. It never seemed that Ben went out of his way to cause me pain or humiliation. I could definitely not say any of that about Dan. I was also glad that Ben had a lot less body hair and always seemed to be very clean. I hadn't really examined Ben closely. Why would I want to examine Ben closely? All my observations were just regarding when I had been forced to suck his cock and balls and when he had told me to rim him. I had thought back to all of my other contact with Ben, and I could not remember any body hair. Again though, it's not like I had been looking.

I again warred with myself mentally. So what if I preferred Ben over Dan, it's not like I had a choice in the matter. And yes, being claimed by Ben would apparently keep Dan away. So, of course I should keep Ben happy, if only to ensure my own safety. Ben also didn't have any interest in Tim, but I figured if Dan came around again he might force me to get Tim involved in this again. I had to protect my friend. So once again, I should work to keep Ben happy. I seemed to be good at keeping Ben happy already. Should I try to apply more effort?

I was already taking the initiative with certain things. But I knew what he liked and how he liked it. If I didn't take the initiative, he would only make me do it anyways. Why shouldn't I just go ahead and do it? Why should I fight back or refuse to do what Ben said if he could simply overpower me and use physical force to make me do something? It wasn't my fault that I had grown used to sucking his cock and balls, and rimming him. That was just me adapting to my situation. It's not like I enjoyed doing any of it.

And so what if I came the last time that Ben had me ride his massive cock. That was just because I hadn't cum in a long time, and my cock kept rubbing between the two of us as I moved. I didn't actually seek Ben's permission to let me cum, I just knew it was going to happen against my will and I didn't want him to get mad if I just did it. There is nothing wrong with that. I had not taken any pleasure from anything I had done to Ben or Ben had done to me. I was in a bad situation and I just had to deal with it the best that I could.

This sort of inner argument had been going on ever since that night. I kept coming back to the same truth, I was going to have to what Ben wanted. What I wanted didn't matter. Keeping Ben happy and doing what Ben wanted WAS what mattered. It was as simple as that. I needed to make sure that I didn't make anything worse. I had finally accepted that Ben could and would do with me what he wanted, and that I wouldn't complain. I would go along with it. I had no choice. That seemed to placate me enough to not over analyze my thoughts and actions regarding Ben and our time together.

I had come to think of my school days as a welcome relief. I knew that from my first class until my last, I was safe and able to relax. I was glad that my swim team coach had upped the number our practices from three to five times a week. That gave me an additional two hours each day when I could simply lose myself to the workout and not think about anything else. I usually stayed for some additional time after practice ended, even before all this started. My nights and weekends had me worried though.

I had now been home for an hour and was just relaxing after I had finished my home work and history essay. It was Friday night and I had just decided to take it easy. My nagging fear had so far kept me from wanting to go out and possibly run into Dan or someone other than Ben, from their "club." I had accepted that I looked to Ben as a sort of wall, between me and someone worse. I knew that it was ridiculous, but at least with Ben I knew where I stood. Dan still scared me.

I jumped in surprise, when I heard a knock at my door. I got up and with a sense of foreboding, opened my door. I actually felt myself relax a little when I saw that it was Ben and that he was alone. I knew that this was coming, so I was at least somewhat prepared. Ben smirked when he saw my reaction to him, as he said casually "Hey, what's a cute boy like you doing home alone on a Friday night?"

I could only stammer out, "I had homework to do and I didn't want to go out."

Ben smiled at my answer, thinking to himself "This boy was expecting me, whether he wants to believe that or not."

I knew what was coming next, so I stepped out of the way and opened the door wider to allow him entrance. Ben nodded to me and stepped inside. He walked past me, and I glanced at him to try to fill in the blanks of my memory about him physically. He had on his usual black leather pants, black leather boots, black leather jacket, and a tight fitting black t-shirt. I was silently kicking myself when I admired, "Man, his chest is very muscled under that shirt. I bet he works out a lot."

I tried to tell myself that I was just observing what was in front of me. I was just reinforcing that fact that he was much bigger than me, in every possible way. I wasn't gawking at him! Ben walked to the center of my living room, then turned back to me and said "Your little friend Tim is safe from Dan. He's already moved on. So you don't have to worry about that anymore. And I made it very clear that Dan is to stay away from you."

I nodded silently, sighing in relief that I had been right. I hoped Tim would finally be able to get over what had happened and move past it. I knew that I was still expected to service Ben's needs, but I was happy that Tim was free and clear from all of this. Ben then took off his jacket and laid in on my couch. I was able to glance at his bulging biceps and well muscled forearms, noting that he was completely without body hair. Again, I told myself that I was just nervous and that was it. 

Ben turned to me as he continued, "So, why don't you show me how grateful you can be?"

He said this as he rubbed his apparently already hard cock through his pants. I looked at his pants and saw that his monster cock was again tucked down one of his pants legs. I nodded again silently, and began walking towards him, but he stopped me by saying "Why don't you get more comfortable, boy."

I nodded again quietly as I understood what he wanted. I then pulled off my shirt, kicked my shoes off, pulled off my pants, and dropped them all on the floor beside me. Ben stood there smiling at me as he admired my tight your naked body. My slight muscled and tight swimmer's physique was apparently pleasing to him, because I saw his cock move slightly inside his pants. I then walked up to him and dropped to my knees. As I began to unzip his pants I said back honestly, "Thank you for telling Dan to stay away from me, sir."

I then reached into his pants and removed his giant hard cock. I then reached back inside his pants and removed his huge balls, as well. I had just assumed that his balls would be uncomfortable inside his pants. Why shouldn't I make some extra effort here. Ben would probably tell me to take them out eventually. Taking a hold of his hard cock with both of my hands, I guided my open mouth to his bulbous cock head. I started out slow and just took his cock head into my mouth.

I began sucking gently on his cock head, as I ran my tongue over it's edges and piss slit. I heard Ben moan, and looked up at him , as I continued to suck. Ben was looking down at me with a small smirk on his face, as he watched me suck his hard cock head. Knowing I had no choice, I just decided to give Ben what he wanted. I knew he likes it when I look up at him as I suck his massive cock, so I kept eye contact with him as I continued to suck and lick his cock head.

I still had both hands grasping his monster cock and I kept just his cock head in my mouth. I knew he likes it when I start out my sucking his cock head, so I just continued to do it. I had remembered all of the things that he has told me to do to him, so guessing or experimentation was unnecessary. My tongue was licking his cock head hard now. I knew that he would soon want me to start sucking his whole cock, but for now I just contented myself with just having to suck his bulbous cock head.

I heard him let out a deep breath, and figured he now wanted me to begin really sucking his cock. So without being ordered to do so, I began to move my mouth forward and back over his hard cock. I again felt my lips being stretched tightly around his massive girth. I wasn't deep throating his cock yet, but I was working my mouth over the entire shaft. His cock was forced into my throat when I would take all of his cock in my mouth, but it was a in and out motion. I likened this to him face fucking me, only I was the one doing all of the movement.

I could at least take comfort that he preferred me to do the work, instead of him grabbing my head and forcing his massive cock in and out of my mouth and throat. I was able to work his cock at my own speed and depth. But considering that I would move my mouth down the entire length of his incredibly long hard cock until my chin touched his huge ball and my nose touched his crotch, I didn't think he could go any deeper into my mouth. I was now sucking his cock as hard as I could and feeling my cheeks being sucked inwards my the effort. Even if my cheeks didn't actually move inwards, due to his cock filling my mouth completely. I had placed my hands on his ass cheeks, to allow me better stability as I worked my head forward and back.

His cock was so long and big, that I was unable to keep eye contact with him as I moved my mouth over his big cock. I began using my tongue again to lick up and down his cock haft, as I continued to move my mouth up and down his cock, sucking the whole time. I wasn't moving my mouth especially fast, but I knew that this was the speed that he preferred at least until he approached his orgasm. I move one of my hands to his huge balls and began to massage them gently. I knew how sensitive my balls got when I got horny, so I figured that a gently touch was needed here. Ben's moans had grown in volume, so I guess he agreed.

I briefly wondered if he would have me suck his cock until he shot his large load of cum down my throat, or if he intended for me to just suck his hard cock for a little while and then fuck my ass. I knew that he liked it when I sucked his hard cock until he came. He also liked it when I then sucked his cock back hard again, afterwards. But he hadn't had me actually suck him off for a while, so it was anyone's guess really. I just kept sucking his cock, until he decided to either cum down my throat or fuck my boy hole.

I decided that it was probably time for me to take his cock all the way into my throat, so I did. I moved my mouth all the way down his hard and massive cock shaft, until his cock head was nestled deep in my throat and my nose was pressed against his crotch. I began to swallow around his cock head. I felt my throat move and constrict over his cock head and part of his cock shaft. I was again amazed at the sheer size and length of his massive cock. Here I was with my nose pressed against his crotch and my chin resting against his balls, and his long hard cock shaft was completely filling my mouth and extending at least a few inches down my throat only to then fill the rest of my throat with his bulbous cock head. I was also grateful that I apparently had no gag reflex, as this would be a painful experience otherwise.

Ben placed one of his hands on my head lightly. I didn't feel him putting any pressure to make me go deeper, so I assumed I was doing a good job. My throat was moving over his cock head as fast as I could make it. I heard a deep moan come from Ben, as I then slid my mouth back off his cock until only his cock head was filling my mouth. Looking back up at Ben, I then resumed sucking and licking his cock head. I now moved both of my hands back to his massively long cock shaft and stroked him slowly. I continued to suck and lick his cock head in this way for several more minutes, wondering what came next.

I was about to start sucking his whole cock again, when Ben suddenly stopped me. I looked up at him in confusion, wondering if I had done something wrong. Ben smirked down at me, saying "I think it's time I had a taste of your sweet asshole now, boy."

I nodded up at him, quietly saying "Yes, sir."

I then crawled up onto my couch and faced the wall, with my ass presented nicely to him. I felt him move up behind me and spread my legs further apart on the couch, exposing my puckered asshole. I felt a slight chill run through my body as air ghosted over my fully exposed boy hole. Ben then grabbed both of my ass cheeks and pulled them further apart, before burying his face between them. I felt my breath hitch as I felt his warm breath on my asshole. Ben started out slow, by running his warm wet tongue up and down my ass crack. I felt his tongue lick up from my boy balls, over my puckered and admittedly tingling asshole, and all the way up to my tail bone. Ben then licked back down again.

I felt my hands grip the top of the couch involuntarily every time he teased my asshole. He kept this up licking and teasing up and down my ass crack, until I was gasping for breath. I then stiffened as I felt his warm tongue begin to slide into my asshole. I relaxed my asshole as best I could to allow him easier entry, not an easy thing to do when some gay leather clad muscle man sticks his tongue up your ass. I wasn't enjoying this. I just told myself to act in this way so that when he did decide to fuck me, his spit and saliva would help me deal with his large cock shoved up my ass. Ben's hands were still gripping either of my ass cheeks, as I felt his tongue slide all the way into my boy hole.

I felt his nose touch my ass crack, his mouth pressed against my asshole, and his chin resting against the under side of my balls. He then began a deep and slow in and out motion of his tongue into my ass, as his hands kneaded and massaged my ass cheeks. I felt my own boy cock move a bit at then feeling of his warm wet tongue sliding easily in and out of my asshole. My breathing had picked up, as he drove his tongue deeper into my ass.

I let out and audible grunt when I felt his tongue begin a faster probing of my hole. I tried to quiet my breathing, as I didn't want Ben to think that I actually enjoyed this. I had no choice in the matter, and I knew that giving him access to tongue fucking my boy hole would aid me later. I honestly didn't know why Ben took so much pleasure out of using me against my will. Weren't there plenty of young gay boy, who would be more than willing to do what ever he wanted? Knowing what I did about him physically, I was sure that any little twink would be over the moon to be in my position. Why couldn't he just pick up a willing fuck boy? Why involve me at all? Did he just enjoy the real domination aspect of this situation? Did he really get that much more satisfaction out of actually raping a straight boy like me?

I could only guess at his thoughts on the matter, as Ben began to moan into my asshole. His tongue strokes had now moved to an up and down motion inside my ass. I remembered that this was one of the same techniques that he had taught me to do to him. I guess he knew from experience that this felt amazing. Not that I was enjoying it, but I knew he liked it when I did this to him. I wondered if he thought that I might like this as well. I had to fight to keep my breathing slow and steady, and not make any noises that may be mistaken for sounds of pleasure. The last thing that I wanted, was for Ben to think that I actually enjoyed or time together. What would that say about me?

My breath hitched as I felt his tongue change to a side to side licking motion inside me. I hoped that all of his spit and saliva would really coat my insides and aid in my ass fucking like a lubricant. I knew it would be much easier once he had pumped his first load of hot slippery cum into my insides. It was always easier to take his massive cock up my ass, after my insides were properly lubed and coated in his man seed. I wasn't looking forward to any of that, I just knew that it would help. I knew that I had gradually been "trained" and accustomed to taking Ben's massively long and wide girthed cock up my ass, because I could now take him all the way deep inside me without complaint and very little pain. What good would complaining do anyway?

I knew what I had to do, so why shouldn't I just do it? It really was in my best interest not to complain. I knew that keeping Ben pleased with my behavior and actions would make everything else, if not easier, then at least manageable. Besides, I wasn't grossed out by him. He was well groomed, finely muscled, and was always thoroughly clean. I had gotten used to sucking his long hard cock, sucking his balls, rimming his ass, and taking his massively long and wide girthed cock up my ass. I didn't take any pleasure from any of it, but at least it wasn't painful or disgusting.

Ben had now gone back to his original in and out motion of his tongue to my asshole. I felt him drive his warm wet tongue amazingly deep into my boy hole, as a quiet moan escaped my lips. I told myself that it was just a loud breath, and not a sign of actual enjoyment. 

Ben on the other hand, knew exactly what he was doing to me. He had heard every quiet moan that I had tried to hold back and all the others that I didn't even realized had escaped my lips. He knew what drove me. He knew that he just had to keep nudging and pushing, and sooner or later I would be all in. Ben thought to himself, "This boy even moaned when his mouth was on my cock. I heard him moan as he sucked out some of my precum and swallowed it. He's trying so hard to fight it. Look at his little boy cock, hard as a rock between his legs. He moaned and screamed so loud with my big cock up his tight little boy hole. He even begged me to let him cum. My boy is going to be such a good little fuck boy."
