 I had not meant to, but I had apparently dosed off. I woke up still seated between Ben's legs at the foot of the couch. I had been leaning against his muscular right leg, with my arms wrapped around it as I slept. I let go of his leg and straightened up on the floor. I looked back over my shoulder at Ben. He only smirked saying, "Have a good nap, boy?"

I nodded as I said, "Sorry, Sir. I didn't mean to fall asleep."

Ben continued smirking and grabbed his massively hard cock as he said, "Don't worry about it, boy. I guess I wore you out more than you thought with this monster. It takes a lot out of you, when this big piece of man meat is inside you."

I smiled, as I said "I guess it does, Sir. But its always worth it."

Ben bent his head to the side as he studied me silently. He finally asked, "Tell me, boy. What's your favorite position?"

I smiled as I thought about his question. I finally answered, "Actually, it depends, Sir. They are all amazing. There isn't any that we have done that I don't enjoy. They all have their differences, though."

I looked off as I thought the different positions and what I enjoyed about them. As I answered, I unconsciously began running my hand gently up and down his long hard cock. I answered, "when you put me on my hands and knees is always fun. You can put some real force into shoving your big cock up my ass. You usually pull my hips back into your thrusts, which makes your big cock go even harder and deeper into me. But this morning when you fucked me like that, you took it very slow. I felt your chest muscles sliding over my oiled back. It was very erotic."

"When you put me on my back and wrap my legs around your waist, I can feel the strength that you put into your thrusts crash over my whole body. You have fucked me slow and steady, and hard and fast like that. And I enjoyed them both. When you fuck me like that slowly, I can feel every bulging vein in you big hard cock, as it slides into my asshole. I remember you taking it so slow, that it was almost excruciating with all of the stimulation that it gave me. But when you slam into me hard and fast in that position, it makes my boy cock bounce back and forth between your stomach and mine. That adds to the experience."

"When you keep me like that and throw my legs over your shoulders, you make my asshole tingle as you fuck me. I can feel your huge balls slapping against my tail bone, when you drive your big hard cock into me. You are able to put a lot of strength into your thrusts like this. I can feel your whole body weight adding to the power of your hard cock slamming into my ass. You drive your long hard cock in so deep, that it feels like I can feel your cock in my stomach."

"When you just bend me over and fuck me standing up, I have to use a lot of effort just to stay upright. You pound your big hard cock so rough and deep into my boy hole, that I feel like I might fall over. When you fucked my like that in the shower as you grabbed my boy cock and balls, I felt that amazing pain shoot threw my body every time you pulled my balls or tightened your grip. That added a lot to the experience."

"When you have me ride your big hard cock, I can feel you pushing in so deep. I like being in control of how fast and deep I take your cock like that. I can take it slow, so I can feel every inch of your big cock sliding onto my ass. Or I can go fast and hard, when I bounce my ass cheeks on your lap. I can add a lot of my own manipulations and stimulations to your big cock when I ride you. I can roll my abs, to move your big hard cock forward and back inside my ass. And I can rock my hips, which makes my asshole move differently over your hard cock shaft."

"When you pick me up and fuck me standing up with my feet off the ground, I can feel my whole body weight being held by your big strong cock inside my ass. It feels like my whole body is pushing my asshole further down your long hard cock. I can never move when I am like this, so you have to do all the work. Your long hard cock always slams in and out of my boy hole so hard. I can never stay quiet when you fuck me like that. I can feel your hips slamming forward, as your big cock plunges up my ass."

All the while that I had been talking, I had been absentmindedly stroking his cock. My grip had grown tighter, as I became more worked up by the descriptions of him fucking my boy hole. I heard a quiet moan from Ben, that brought me back to the present. I glanced up at him, then down to my hand slowly stroking his long hard cock. I decided to add a little more description. I hoped to be feeling this massive cock fucking my boy hole nice and hard, very soon.

I turned my body around, so that I was now fully facing him. I continued stroking his cock, as I said "I like when you have me rim your man hole, Sir. I like when you lay down on your stomach and spread your legs. I crawl up between your legs and spread your muscled ass cheeks with my hands. I like massaging your ass cheeks when I am there. I lick up and down your ass crack from the bottom of your balls, over your puckered man hole, and up to your tail bone. I then make my tongue as hard as I can, as I start to tongue fuck your asshole. I try to force my tongue in as deep as I can. My nose is always pressed against your tail bone, my chin is resting against your balls, and my lips are attached to your asshole as I drive my wet tongue in and out of your ass."

"I then switch to making my tongue lick up and down inside your ass. I was scared when you first made me do this. I thought that it would be gross and smell bad, but you are always clean. I can never taste or smell anything but leather, a little sweat, and your skin. After have been doing that for a while, I switch to moving my tongue from left to right in your ass. I keep doing this until I hear your moans start to get louder, that usually means its time for me to do something else." 

"I like sucking your huge balls, in this position. Me down on my knees, looking up at you. I take one ball into my mouth at a time at first and suck it gently. I use my tongue to lick around it. I like that you don't have any hair on your body, I lets my tongue slide easily over your skin."

I then lowered my head to his balls and began demonstrating how I sucked his huge ball. I took it into my mouth and sucked it gently. I ran my tongue over it, as I continued to suck. I moaned and closed my eyes, as I enjoyed sucking his huge ball. I then let it fall from my mouth, as I continued to describe "I then like to take your other ball into my mouth and suck it too. I run my tongue over it and lick it, as I suck. I usually stroke your big cock as I am sucking your balls, just like this."

I then dropped my head back to his other ball and sucked it into my mouth. I licked it and sucked just as I had scribed to him. I stroked his big cock, as I continued to suck his ball gently in my mouth. I let it fall from my mouth, and looked back up at him, saying "Then I suck both of your balls into my mouth. I feel my cheeks being pushed outwards by the shear size of your balls filling my mouth completely. I run my tongue and lick all over your huge balls, as I continue to suck. I then lick up between your balls several times, that always makes you moan."

I then again lowered my head to his balls and sucked them both into my mouth. I smiled as I heard him moan deeply, when I ran my tongue between his huge balls. I continued sucking, licking, and moaning in pleasure for several minutes. I then gave his balls one last lick and deep suck, before letting them fall from my mouth. I then ran my fingers up and down his long hard cock, before positioning his cock head in front of my mouth. 

I then looked up at him, as I said, "I also like to suck your big cock, Sir. I like to lick your big cock head all over. I feel along the edges with my tongue. You have such and big and sensitive cock head. I like sucking it in my mouth. It fills my mouth completely. I have to open my mouth as wide as I can, to accommodate its massive size. I trace my tongue over your piss slit and taste your precum, as I suck. I usually stroke your cock shaft gently with my hands, as I suck your cock head. Your big cock is so wide that I can't close my hands around it. I know you like to watch my little mouth engulfing your big cock head, just like this."

I then opened my mouth and took his giant cock head into my mouth. I sucked his entire bulbous head deeply. I began running my tongue around the edges, as I had described. I looked up at Ben with my mouth overflowing with his massive cock head. I then kept eyes contact, as I ran my tongue over his piss slit. I was rewarded by hearing him moan in pleasure. I continued to suck his cock head, as I began running my hands up and down his massive shaft admiringly. I smiled around his cock head, as I tasted a drop of precum on my tongue. I moaned as I swallowed. 

I then let his cock head slip from my lips. I then brought his cock head back to my mouth, stuck out my tongue, and licked right up his piss slit. I then placed a kiss to his cock head. I continued to slowly stroke his long hard cock, as I continued "After I have sucked your cock head, I take all of your big long cock into my mouth. I move my mouth all the way down your long cock shaft until your cock head slides all the way deep into my throat, my lips are wrapped around the base of your cock, my nose is pressed into your crotch, and I can feel your balls rest against my chin."

"I then move my mouth up and down your long hard cock shaft, sucking and licking all the way. I bring my mouth back up your cock shaft, until only your cock head is still in my mouth and then back down again. I like to stroke your long cock shaft, as I am sucking your cock. It feels like I am trying to milk your cum into my mouth. I also like to massage your balls when I suck your cock. When I move my mouth up and down your cock, I always feel my lips being stretched tightly around your wide cock shaft. This is the way that I like to suck you off."

"I like to feel your cum erupt into my mouth and down my throat. I like to taste some of your cum on my tongue. I always moan when I get to swallow your cum. I feel the warm slippery cum sliding over my tongue and down my throat. Stroke your cock shaft harder, to force out all of the excess cum. I then lick the cum into my mouth, as it comes out of your cock head. I always put a lot more force and strength into my sucking and stroking, when I suck your cock like this. I loved sucking you off in the shower this morning. I was able to bring my mouth off your cock and stroke your cock into my open mouth. I caught the last few sprays of your cum on my tongue."

I then opened my mouth and took his entire length of cock deep inside. I felt his cock head sliding over my tongue and down my throat. My mouth was all the way down his cock shaft to the base of his cock. My nose was pressed against his crotch. His bulbous cock head was down my throat. I felt his balls rest against my chin. I then pulled my mouth back up his cock shaft, sucking and licking as I went, until only his cock head was in my mouth. I then brought my mouth back down again and repeated the process that I had described. I briefly considered trying to suck him off right now, but I wanted him very horny when I had finished my show and he finally decided to fuck my boy hole.

I continued on like this, my lips stretched tightly around his cock shaft as I sucked his entire length up and down in my mouth. I then brought my mouth all the way up, and let his cock head slip from my lips. I then stuck out my tongue and licked up and down his entire long length of cock. I then smiled up at him, saying "After that I like to take the whole length of your long hard cock into my mouth and down my throat. I feel your big cock head stretching my throat from the inside. I then start to swallow around it, letting my throat muscles work your cock head. I usually use one of my hands to massage your balls and my other hand to grip one of your muscled ass cheeks. I always like to be very hands on when I am working your body with my mouth and tongue. While your cock head is wedged firmly in my throat and I continue to swallow around it, I use my tongue to lick the length of your cock shaft that's in my mouth."

"I always make you moan when I deep throat your long hard cock, Sir. I could make you cum like that, swallowing around your cock head. You would shoot your warm load of man seed right into my stomach. My swallowing around your cock head, would force all of it right down. But I prefer to make you cum when I suck your whole cock. I like jerking your big cock into my mouth."

I then opened my mouth again and guided his long hard cock into my mouth. I forced my mouth all the way down his cock shaft, until his cock head was firmly wedged deep in my throat. I then began swallowing around his cock head. I smiled around his cock shaft, as I heard Ben moan loudly. I continued to swallow around his cock head, suck around the length of his cock shaft in my mouth, and lick every part of him that I could reach with my tongue.

I placed one hand one hand on his huge balls and began to massage them gently. I then reached my other hand around him and gripped his muscled ass cheek. I began to knead and massage his ass cheek in my hand, as I continued to deep throat his long hard cock and massage his balls. I moaned deeply around his cock, as I enjoyed the feeling of his massive man meat filling my mouth and throat. I then pulled my mouth off of his cock shaft slowly. I sucked and licked the entire length of his cock, as my mouth continued to move up his massive shaft. I released his cock head from my lips with one last lick up his piss slit.

I then sat back and brought my hands to his big cock to slowly stroke up and down his long length, as I looked up at him with a smile on my face. He looked down at me with a smirk, as he said "Hand me that bag beside you, boy."

I looked next to the couch and found a small leather saddle bag, I assumed he used on his Harley. I handed it to him, as I returned to slowly stroking his long hard cock. I watched him rummage through the bag, then withdraw a bundle of black leather straps. He unwound it and I thought it looked ironically like a small leash attached to an even smaller collar. I puzzled at this, wondering what it could be for. I knew it was too small a collar to go around my neck.

He then looked back at me smirking, and said "Stand up, boy. I have a leash and collar for you."

I was still confused, but stood up as ordered. Ben then leaned forward and grabbed my boy cock and balls. I gasped when he gripped me tightly. He then opened the collar and placed it tightly around my cock and balls. He then closed the metal clasp and sat back on the couch, holding the leash in his hand. I felt the pressure of the collar squeezing my balls and cock tightly. My balls were drawn up tightly by the collar. I realized that it was some sort of cock ring.

Ben then pulled gently on the leash, causing the collar to tug sharply on my sensitive balls and boy cock. I gasped as the pain caused ripples of pleasure to flow over my body. I felt my legs shake and I had to fight the urge to fall to my knees. I whimpered as he pulled on the leash again, causing more sweet pain to radiate from my tightly gripped balls. I realized that the collar wasn't causing my boy cock any pain or discomfort, just my balls. I breathed slowly as the amazingly pleasurable pain in my balls, began to subside.

Ben smirked at my display and reaction. He continued to pull gently on the leash again and again, as he explained "Now this is a collar and leash for you, boy. This is a leash for me to lead you around. And I know you would follow me anywhere, as long as I am holding this, won't you, boy? I could walk you outside and down the street completely naked, and you would follow me, wouldn't you? Maybe I should take you for a walk, so you could get some exercise this weekend. I had planned to keep you inside all weekend long, but maybe I need to take you for a walk."

As he explained this to me, I felt my eyes grow wide. I knew that he was right, as long as he had his leash attached to this collar around my balls and cock, I would have no choice but to follow him wherever he went. I tried to imagine my humiliation at being forced to walk down the street completely naked and being led around by this tightly gripping collar. I felt my breathing pick up, as the idea brought fear to my situation.

Ben smirked at my reaction, as he said "Don't worry, boy. When we eventually do go out together, I would take you to my clubhouse. Nothing you do would seem out of the ordinary there. Almost every member of the club has his own fuck boy. Yep, almost all of us have a fuck boy riding bitch on the back of our bikes. I could strip you naked, lead you around like this, and have you sit at my feat and no one else would think it was strange. Well, Dan might get pissed, but he knows not to fuck with me and what's mine."

He had continued to pull gently on the leash as he talked, eliciting more gasps and whimpers from me. I finally had more information on the club that they had mentioned. Apparently it was a motorcycle club for gay men. I guess I wasn't all that surprised, this area had a big gay male community. So an all gay male motorcycle club, wasn't too big of a shock. The more I thought about it, the more it made sense, considering what I knew about Ben and Dan. They were both alpha males. They both dressed in black leather. They rode motorcycles. They preferred younger and smaller guys, like me and Tim.

Ben continued describing his club saying, "We have nights that we are allowed to show off how nice our fuck boys are. You would of course be completely naked, collared and leashed like now. I'd have you rim my man hole, suck my balls, and suck my big cock in front of everyone there. I'd even show everyone how you can take this massive cock all the way up your tight little boy hole and love every inch of it. I always scared the other fuck boys, when they saw the size of my monster cock. No one ever thought I would find a fuck boy of my own who would relish deep throating and taking me all the way up his tight boy hole."

"You would be the center of attention. I know Dan has bragged about you a lot, when he was still allowed to use you. He's just bitch and complained ever since I claimed you. And don't worry boy, no one else at the club is allowed to touch someone else's fuck boy once they have been claimed. So your ass and mouth would not be servicing anyone else's cock but mine. I bet you will look sexy as hell, riding bitch on my bike. I just have to decide what I want you to wear when you ride with me."

I sighed in relief when he explained all of that. A little more information of my situation was definitely helpful. I also wondered exactly how he would dress me, for when I rode bitch on his bike. I figured it would probably be black leather and probably revealing. I just hoped that it would not be too obvious to everyone exactly what the situation was. At least not to everyone not affiliated with the club. I hoped that to everyone else I would just appear to be getting a ride from and older man on his bike.

I felt my asshole tingle and my boy cock twitch painfully in the tight collar, as I fantasized about the possibilities. I could not deny that being paraded in front of the other leather clad members of his gay motorcycle club and the idea of riding bitch on his bike had a very kinky appeal to me. I imagined holding on to his leather clad muscled body, as he took me for a ride on his bike. I again wondered how he would dress me. I fantasized about being led around naked by the leash and collar that was still gripping my balls and boy cock, in front of his other club members. 
