 *All characters are over the age of 18 years old*

I slowly found myself waking up. I became aware that I was still naked and apparently not alone in my bed. I glanced up and saw Ben, still asleep next to me. I found that we were both under my comforter. I had my head resting on his chest, and half of my body sprawled across his naked body. I thought back to the night before. I remembered drifting off to sleep. Ben must have placed us both under my covers once exhaustion had taken me. 

I was conflicted on how I felt about this. I was glad to have been cared for, after I had obviously been in no condition to do so. But at the same time, I wished he had just left. Why did he stay? Was he hoping to make a weekend of this? Had he positioned me like this as I slept, or had I moved to be like this in my sleep? I wasn't sure which option was better, that he wanted me to sleep like this or that I had done it on my own in my sleep.

I felt Ben's massive cock twitch slightly against my calf. I glanced up and saw that he was still asleep. I felt his cock twitch again, and realized that he was rock hard. I wondered if I would be able to slide out of bed without waking him up. I had little doubt as to what I would be doing once Ben woke up. One way or another I would be servicing his monster cock. I was at least pleased that being fucked by Ben didn't cause me any pain anymore. But being ass fucked by his mammoth sized cock wasn't my preferred activity. Nor was sucking him off.

I had simply accepted my not having any choice, and stopped fighting. My inner dialogue was brought to an end as Ben suddenly began stretching his muscled arms, legs, and back. I stayed quiet as he woke himself up. He finished his stretches and then smiled down at me, saying "Morning boy. Sleep well? You were out like a light."

I shrugged as I answered, "Not bad, Sir."

He laughed, saying "You were so far gone after that last ass fuck, that I bet I could have picked you up and thrown you into your bed and you wouldn't have woken up. I tucked you in nice and cozy on the other side of the bed and then I slid in over here. Then you inched over here in your sleep. I guess you needed to feel me as you slept, right boy?"

I looked down and shrugged again, as I answered "I don't know. I usually don't move a lot in my sleep."

Ben smirked as he said, "Well, not to worry. You'll have plenty of opportunities to feel me this weekend."

I stayed silent, as I guessed his meaning. Great, he intended to stay with me all weekend. I was at least happy that I had no school work or errands to run. But having him as a house guest was not on my to do list either. Ben then stood up off the bed and stretched again. His giant hard cock stood out from his naked body. 

I forced myself to stare at the ceiling. I quickly thought of ways to get him to leave, but came up blank. I had already told him that I didn't have any school work and he knew I didn't have any swim practice on the weekends. I didn't need a job, due to my scholarship. I was stuck. Ben then caught me off guard, as he said "Hey boy, I think it's time to wake up completely. Lay on your stomach."

I was not surprised at this order. Figuring it was going to happen sooner or later, anyways. I proceeded to crawl out from under my covers, replacing them as I exited the bed. I then crawled on top of the covers on my stomach, with my head facing the headboard and my feet pointed towards the foot of the bed. I lay my head on it side, my arms relaxed to my sides, and my legs slightly spread. I then felt the bed dip a bit behind me. I felt Ben's hands travel up and down my body. I thought I heard a quiet moan from him, as he glided his hands over my bare skin.

I then jumped slightly when I felt something wet drip onto my lower back. I glanced back and saw him dripping some king of oil onto me. I was slightly confused, considering he rarely used any lube other than his own spit. And why he had put it on my lower back was beyond me. I then felt him start to rub the oil up and down my back and shoulders. I let out a soft moan, when I realized he was giving me an oil massage. I knew that oil massages were the easiest ways to get me to drop all my inhibitions. I always went completely dead, when I got a long oil massage.

I felt myself go completely limp on the bed. I couldn't even force myself to concentrate. I felt my eyes close and all of my muscles relax. I was actually amazed at how good Ben was at giving me a massage. I noticed that his hands weren't overly callused or rough, but felt incredibly smooth as he spread oil over my body. I continued to work my shoulders and back in an amazing way with his palms and fingers. I had paid good money to massage parlors, who did a worse job. He was starting to move to my arms now.

I felt him rubbing all of my arm muscles. He used just the right amount of pressure, for an amazingly relaxing massage. He then moved down my lower back and over my ass cheeks. I didn't even flinch when he massaged my ass cheeks. I was so far gone at this point, I just laid there in pleasure. He then moved down to my legs. I moaned again softly as he worked out all of the kinks in my leg muscles. He finished with a foot massage, that had me almost asleep again. He then nudged me to roll over.

I rolled over to my back, not even thinking that I was still naked. But considering everything about my situation, I just went with it. Ben continued to massage my legs, adding some more oil as he went. He moved up my thighs, and passed my exposed boy cock. He worked his way up my tight stomach and chest. He worked over my arms again from the front. He worked my shoulders and neck. He finished with a scalp and facial massage, that nearly had me unconscious.

My eyes were glossed over and my body completely relaxed. He had me roll back to my stomach. I complied lazily. I heard him chuckle at my sluggish movement. He then began to gently rub my thighs and ass cheeks again. I was still completely covered in oil and I felt slippery to the touch. I felt Ben place himself behind me between my spread legs. I moaned out when I felt him spread my ass cheeks with his hands and force his tongue into my asshole.

I admit, this had caught me off guard. I was not used to being treated like this by him. An amazing massage followed by a deep rimming. I couldn't contain the quiet moans that escaped my lips, as his warm tongue probed my boy hole. I heard his deeper moans, as he tongue fucked me. He had a tight grip on both of my ass cheeks, keeping them both spread. I felt his warm breath on my ass crack and puckered hole. His tongue continued to do amazing things inside me. 

I felt my own cock twitch and come to life beneath me. I knew that all of this attention was just leading up to Ben fucking me more and having me suck his cock, but right now I just enjoyed what I could. I had come to really enjoy being rimmed by Ben. I started thinking about all of the things that he had me do to him. He liked it when I rimmed him, I understood why. He obviously liked me to suck his massive cock and huge balls. He also enjoyed plunging his monster cock up my boy hole and filling me with his man seed. He also seemed to like it when I came. He had sucked me off twice, had jerked me off at least once, and had positioned me to cum during sex twice.

I again was grateful that he never smelled or tasted bad. He had never had any bad body odor. He always was freshly showered, it seemed. He seemed to shave regularly. So, all in all I have never been overly grossed out by him. Really the only thing he smelled or tasted like was leather and hint of sweat. I let out a sudden gasp, as his tongue plunged even deeper into my ass. I felt my whole body tense and shake in pleasure. I always tried to keep my sounds as quiet as I could, so he would not get the wrong idea. But sometimes I just couldn't stay quiet.

Ben was really enjoying licking my boy hole. He still marveled at how tight my asshole was around his tongue. Even after all the time his monster cock had spent stretching me, I always retained my original size and tightness. He knew that he had broken down some serious walls in my subconscious last night and the night he had claimed me. Ben smirked as he remembered me biting his shoulder as he fucked me while holding me up. He wondered what it would finally take to break past all of my barriers.

I had begun to bite a pillow in order to keep myself quiet. Ben's talented tongue had made it impossible for me to stay quiet. I suspected that Ben enjoyed it when I made noises. I always saw him smirking when a moan, gasp, or some other noise slipped past my lips. I had come to accept that I really didn't mind sucking his big hard cock. I wasn't disgusted or felt degraded by rimming him. After all, I enjoyed him rimming me. And besides from the first time in the alley, I was able to take Ben's long hard cock up my tight boy hole with relative ease and no pain.

I wondered what his ultimate goal was in this situation. Did he want a compliant little fuck boy? I was damn near that already. I never argued or fought back, and I did everything he told me to do without complaining. Did he want me to like all of this? I knew that he seemed to take a lot of satisfaction out of my submission, but did he want me to actually submit to him because I wanted to be his fuck boy? I puzzled this more and more, as I continued to feel his amazing tongue probe and lick inside me ass.

I then felt Ben remove his tongue from my ass and place one last wet kiss on my spit slick asshole. I was proud of myself for staying quiet when he pulled out of me, even if I only did this because I was still biting a pillow. I then felt the signature feeling of his hard cock head rubbing up and down my ass crack. I was still laying completely on my stomach, so I actually felt Ben lower his hips down to me. I felt his cock head slip easily into my ass and continue going deeper until he had firmly bottomed out inside me.

I felt his crotch on my tail bone, his hips touching my ass cheeks, and his balls come to rest between my thighs. He placed his arms on either side of my body to support his weight. I barely felt his stomach and chest muscles on my back. I imagined him being in some sort of kinky "push-up" position. I smiled to myself as that thought crossed my mind. Ben then started of with a slow and s steady pace in and out of my ass.

He didn't seem to want to rush things now. I felt his warm breath on the back of my neck and heard his low moans. My own breathing was slow and steady in sync with his long hard cock moving in and out of my tight boy hole. I was amazed at how quickly I am always able to adjust my breathing in accordance with his 

massive thrusting cock. Ben seemed to really enjoy taking my asshole slowly this morning. I supposed he wanted to work up to his customary hard and rough ass fucking.

I again went back to what he could really want out of this situation. How could he really think I would ever willingly submit to him. If he ever gave me even one choice of whether or not to continue this, I would end it in a heart beat and never look back. How could he honestly believe that what started out as a rape in an alley, followed by numerous forced submissions, my friend being raped, and so far had culminated in "claiming" me as his own private fuck boy, could ever grow to be something more? I would have to be completely messed up in the head to get any enjoyment out of this.

How could he honestly think that this is anything other than me submitting to him because I have no other choice? My inner musings were once again interrupted, as Ben now pulled my body up into a doggie style position. All the while keeping his long hard cock in my ass. He placed his arms back onto the mattress on either side of me. I felt like he was in the doggie style position just like me, but hovering over me. His chest 

and stomach muscles were still touching my back.

I felt him position himself to his preference, then begin his slow and steady thrusts back into me. He then moved his left arm up under my body. He placed his palm against my chest and pulled me up and back into his body. I felt my oiled body sliding against his body, as his slow thrusts drove his long hard cock deeper and deeper into my boy hole. I felt my body moving against his own in a very erotic and sensual way. Somehow all of this made something click into place in my head, or maybe something just finally broke in me. I finally admitted to liking the feeling this brought me. I felt my head lean back and my eyes close, as my mouth fell open. I let my breath come out as soft audible moans.

My mind was completely lost in this pleasure. I was feeling my asshole stretched amazingly tight around Ben's monster cock. I felt every inch of his long thick cock sliding through my ass. I felt my intestines stretched and pushed my his bulbous cock head imbedded deep inside me. My own boy cock was swinging freely between my legs. Our bodies were pulled together so tightly, I felt like our bodies were moving together in sync. I knew that I was completely still, except for the movements as he pushed me forward.

I then came to realize that I was unconsciously moving with him. I was fucking him back. This wasn't like last time, when I went a little crazy and needed to dominate him. I was actually moving in sync with his body movement's as he fucked my tight boy hole with his long hard cock. 

I wondered what we must look like. My slim tightly muscled and oil drenched body on my hand s and knees. His massively muscled body hunched over me, holding me to him. His amazingly long and thick cock stretching my tight little asshole, and burying itself deep inside me. Both of us moving together in a slow pace to better work his long hard cock in and out of my boy hole. Both of our moans coming out soft and steady. I felt my body as it was pushed, stretched and skewered by Ben's massively long and thick girthed cock. 

I shut my eyes as I felt myself finally admitting to enjoying this. I raised my head and felt it come to rest against Ben's shoulder. I rubbed the back of my head against him as I consciously let my breathing out in a pleasurable moan. I brought my right hand to grip his right bicep beside me and glide up his muscled arm to his shoulder and down his back. This was the first time I had allowed myself to really admire his hairless and hard muscled body. 

I felt him exhale next to my ear in a deep moan of pleasure. He felt my acceptance. He knew that he had finally done broken me down. He knew it might not last for long, but it was a big step. He would soon own me completely. He just had to keep doing everything just like he already was. He felt my ease of submission. He knew that I really did enjoy and thrive on my submission to him. He smirked as he looked forward to my changing behavior.

I was beside myself with lust. I was moaning quietly without embarrassment, as I enjoyed the feeling of his amazingly long and wide cock stretching my asshole and pushing itself deep into my insides. I felt completely at peace with the knowledge that I was taking thorough pleasure at this. I wanted to feel his hot man cum fill my insides. Feeling his hot juices spray into me filled me with a pleasure that I had come to accept and long for.

I thought back to the multiple positions that he had employed while fucking my tight boy hole. I knew that when he decided to fuck my ass hard and rough that I would be unable to keep from becoming vocal in my need for his long hard cock to plunge deeper and deeper into me. I was claimed! He had chosen me and I had accepted him. 

I also accepted that I liked being told what do to. I needed to hear him tell me how he wanted me. I enjoyed my submission to his justifiable dominance. He was a full grown and wonderfully muscled man. I was his fuck boy. It was my lot in this situation to meet his needs. I wondered how things might have gone differently if he had approached me without the rape and forced submission. Would I have submitted to his obvious dominance or would I have fought with myself? Was this the only way that I could accept my own need to be dominated by him?

Ben kept his slow and steady pace of moving his body forward and back against me. His long hard cock was moving in and out of me in a truly sensual way. Our quiet moans were coming out together, as we enjoyed this slow ass fucking. I bit my lip softly as I felt his giant cock sliding in and out of me, stretching my asshole wonderfully. I had also accepted that the power of my own orgasms were not just due to having his magnificent cock deep inside me, but also due to the long build up. I only came after numerous ass fucks and several positions.

I accepted that my own orgasms, though incredible and truly earthshaking, were in fact secondary to the pleasure I took from being fucked by him. I let out another moan, as I felt him pull me tighter into his body. I gripped him tighter and moved my hand down the small of his back to his muscled and toned ass cheek. I gripped his ass cheek with my one free hand. I suddenly had the picture in my head of me taking the time to lick, kiss, bite, and truly worship his body from head to toe. I took pleasure in the thought of showing my submission.

He moaned out into my hear, "I'm going to cum soon, boy. I'm going to fill your tight little body with my seed."

I moaned back quietly, "Don't stop, Sir. Please, don't stop fucking my ass."

Ben only grunted and moaned at my own statement and plea. He knew that he would not stop. I knew that he would not stop. I just wanted for him to hear me beg. I was amazed at the feeling of this slow ass fuck that I was receiving. I knew I enjoyed the rougher side of his personality, but I was taking so much pleasure from our body sliding over each other. I felt his chest muscles and abs, tensed from straining to stay in this position, sliding over my smooth back. His thickly muscled thighs were warm and comforting as they moved against my own smoothly muscled thighs and ass cheeks.

I hoped to use every position we could, today and the rest of the weekend. I wanted him to fill me with his slippery cum. I thought back to the amazing feeling of his hot man seed being pushed all around my insides, as his long hard cock plowed through. I wanted to ride his long hard cock, have him put me doggie style and fuck me with all of his might, have him put me on my back and wrap my legs around his waist or over his shoulders as he plunged his hard cock deep into me, and have him hold me up suspended in the air by the strength and power of his mighty cock. I wanted him to fuck me so long and hard, that after he came he would collapse into me.

I wanted to massage and kneed his muscled ass cheeks, as I rimmed his asshole. I wanted to hear his deep moans of pleasure as my tongue was driven deep into his ass. I wanted to see him looking down at me as I sucked his huge balls. I wanted to feel my lips and mouth being stretched by the shear size of his cock head and wide cock shaft. I wanted to lick every inch of his monster cock. I wanted to feel his hand on my head as I sucked his massive cock deep into my throat. I wanted to hear his grunts of pleasure as he shot his huge load of man seed down my throat. I wanted to lick the last drop of cum from his bulbous cock head after he came.

He had not increased his speed or the strength of his thrusts into me. He continued with the slow pace, that we were both enjoying. His slow build up was reaching its crescendo. He felt his balls draw up. I felt the signature twitch and tensing of his massive cock inside me. I moaned out, "Please cum, Sir. Cum inside me."

Ben moaned loudly. My begging for his man seed pushed just the right buttons and caused him to loose himself in me. We both moaned loudly, as we felt the initial spray of his hot cum inside me. I felt his numerous spurts of cum, coating my insides. He continued his slow pace, allowing my stretched tight asshole to milk his cock inside me. I gripped his ass cheek tighter, as I felt him spend himself in my insides. He came to rest and stopped moving. Our breathing was still steady and calm. I moved myself against him, rubbing my back, thighs, and ass cheeks against his muscled frame.
