 Xavier is a striking, and beautiful 28 Year old. Short dark hair, and beautiful deep brown eyes. He had a huge frame, about 6"0 and 200 lbs. Muscular... but he still looked trim, no matter how hard he worked out. He had a square cut face, perfect lips, and an incredible smile.

He always caught guys staring at his beautiful body and thick powerful cock at the gym. He enjoyed showing it off. It swung as he walked and he caught the glances of other men, supposedly str8. He worked hard to manscape his package, and made sure to release his tension several times per day.

When you start the day off with a simple jog, and a trip to the gym later on. Your cock gets hard at the sight of other men in the change room. But better yet he liked to stare at guys in compromising positions in the free weights section. The smell of sweat.

The intense beauty of the male body all around him, his balls were thick with juice. He needed to release. Walking into the change room tearing off his workout shirt and revealing perfectly sculpted pecs and a flat stomach with developed abs. Xavier ran his hand down his stomach and said to himself, "I still need some work, there is always work to be done on this bod."

Covered in sweat and wearing only his black trackpants with the stripe down the leg. Looking around seeing no one, he slid his hands down his lower abs and past the waist band. Tugging, at his manly power rod. He loved his cock it was eight and a half inches uncut and always dripping with precum. Like any guy out there his thoughts were mostly about sex. He got himself hard and started tugging

The thick scent of sweat he couldn't help but feel blitzed with energy. Tugging down the veins on the side of his nice cock he couldn't help but think how lucky he was to have this moment.

Rubbing his hand up his stomach to his armpits, running his fingertips through his arm hair. He felt the warmth and sweat and love of being a man. He put his hand down on the bench situated between two sets of lockers and touched something. It was a business card, fluorescent green, one word. "Runes". The name of a guy and his title which read "Darius, Psychic/Tarot"

Still rubbing his sweaty dick he thought of the possibilities and whether this card was left for him. He thought for a second and stood up.

His hard bone sticking way out of his pants he picked up his phone and keyed in the psychic number. A very hot voice picked up and said, "perfect timing, I was expecting your call." 

All Xavier could manage was, "I have never been to a psychic." 

Darius said in a more effeminate tone, "I am a Wicca psychic, please come and see me, and you will understand." 

Xavier's thick bone went down enough that he could throw on his hoody and walk out of the change room to his car for the drive downtown.

Nestled between a Chinese astrology store and an organic juice bar, he arrived at a witch store in the middle of a hipster area. 

Greeted by the sweet smell of an incense, he saw the front counter. Minding the counter was a girl, "I would like to see Darius," he said. 

"Sure, a few minutes and he will see you." 

Walking around the store he saw many things that caught his curiosity. Some tarot cards, boxes for tarot cards, herbs, books on earth magic and power animals. Crystals and incense, intense resins for sexual pleasure. 

While glancing at a book on male sexual energy, he looked over and saw Darius for the first time. Blonde, 5"9 and slim, an amazingly masculine yet gender confusing look.

"I take it your here to see me. Follow me this way." said Darius. He walked ahead of Xavier, moving his arm in a graceful way, he walked out of the store and into the street. Xavier could only see how hot this gay walk was, he looked right at his ass in tight grey pants. "Incredible ass!" he thought to himself.

They walked into another building and into a private room and Darius shut the door behind them both, locking it from the inside.

The room was centred around a psychic reading table, two chairs, and surrounded by couches. A deck of tarot cards on the table. Darius looked at Xavier with piercing green eyes, completely understanding what they were about to go through. He lit a candle.

Walking up to this powerful and shy dark haired manbeast he ran his hand down his beautiful frame. He touched the bulge in his pants and stroked it lightly.

Xavier got super hard in an instant and the thing tugged away inside his trackpants. Darius looked him in the eyes and said, "god this thing is fucking huge." 

Pulling and grabbing, he wanted to taste it. He got down on his knees and came face to face with his powerful bulge. Darius noticed the trackpants had a soaked through wet spot right at the tip.

Darius slowly moved towards the bulge. It stuck out about 4 inches from his waist and curved down. Opening his lips he took a breath, moved in, and through the pants licked at his cock, sucking in the precum from the jogging pants. Tasting the sweaty leaking cock before him Darius thought to himself, "I want that skin on my tongue. I want the balls on my chin, I want this thing down my throat."

He reached up with his left hand and pulled at the waistband to discover Xavier wasn't wearing any underwear. His cock bounced out of his pants and hit the guy square in the jaw. Looking up and smiling at him he put his lips to the cock, kissed it, and started licking and sucking.

He took the beast into his mouth and played with the foreskin licking underneath the skin tasting all of the precum that had accumulated on the drive over. He ran his tongue around the foreskin shoving it as far as it could go. At the same time sucking every drop he could get out of the tip of his cock.

Xavier just moaned, "this is so fucking hot, how did you know?" 

Darius smiled, "you're not the average jock. Your cock is thicker than I thought." 

Xavier moaned out, "are you the average wiccan? Oh fuck, suck me deeper! Please I need it, but don't hurry." 

The witch boy sucked down deep into his ballsack, sweating and hanging pretty low. He thought to himself, "man this guy must have a huge load." He could feel the balls moving, loving them hitting his face with every lick.

Xavier looked down. Darius was jacking the base of his beast cock. He noticed a pentagram ring on Darius' middle finger. "What does that mean?" he said letting out a long satisfied moan. 

"It means, I am a person of mystery. I aim to find out the secrets of the world. You my stud, are one of three most powerful men in the world. I am very fortunate to have you here."

Inhaling the sweet smell of incense and beeswax. Darius started slapping the cock against his face and grabbed at the hips before him. Without a pause in his work he moved them towards the middle table with two chairs. Positioning the cock to sit on the table side. He took in the sight of this jocks powerful ass.

Darius ran his fingers down the muscled backside and felt a bit of hair and sweat and curiously slid his finger down between the cheeks. He felt some more hair in the middle of his beautiful hardened ass. He moved his hand down, around, and stood up, "I need to take these clothes off." 

Darius untied his black poets shirt. It revealed a slim and toned upper body, with a bit of hair around the nipples and chest. Xavier looking at this stared intently at this guy before him. He reached to Darius' waist and unbuttoned the grey techno like pants. It revealed a nine and a half inch cut cock, it was a pretty thing, the sight of it made him gasp.

"The most perfect cock in the universe," he said with the pants down at the ankles and this guy naked in front of him. He started licking Darius' forehead. Licking down his nose to his lips, down his neck, his chest, his abs. Finally settling on the bushy dark brown hair above his cock.

Licking it from balls to base, base to head... he loved every taste of it. He grabbed at the ballsack and tugged only to let a bit of liquid slide out of the tip for him to suck. He ran his tongue down the sack and underneath. He spread his legs a bit, and crouched down into a crunch position. Darius moved his ass and cock above this jocks mouth.

He started licking every bit of the wiccan psychic. He tasted every bit of him, in his most intimate of places. He moved his tongue right into the ass, and stuck it far into the hole. Sucking at the same time with his lips and hearing Darius moan above him. He sucked harder and deeper.

He wanted to prep this guy, a bit... for what's to come. Moving his tongue in circles and licking up and down. Tasting this man's incredible ass he thought to himself, I need to be inside this guy. I need to feel him and I need him to feel me. I have been waiting years to meet this person, and I want to understand a witch's energy.

He took his tongue out, hearing a gasp. The jock stood up and kissed the guy on the lips, "I need you. Do you trust me?" 

Darius replied, "Yes! I do, and I want to feel you inside of me. I want you to be able to shoot your load deep. I will know everything about you, so in fact you have to trust me."

Xavier turned Darius and rested his cock on the guy's hungry cheeks. He slid it up and down. The waiting hole still sweaty and wet from the licking. He started shaking the edge of his cock at the base of his ass sliding it in a bit and taking it out. 

"You are huge and thick, I don't know if I can take all of you," groaned Darius.

He knelt down and stuck his tongue back in. Loosening the hole a bit, and circling. Making sure he could fit it in, and not hurt the guy. 

"I am ready, I need it, and I want it... Inside me," he said. 

Xavier held the guy close and his cock was positioned, curved downward on his ass. He teased him with the length and thickness and slid in the tip. 

"Oh yes," they both shouted. 

He slid it in a few more inches, slowly. It was about halfway when Darius shouted, "all of it, PLEASE." 

Xavier grabbed the base of his cock and it became thicker and harder and he helped guide it in. The cock slid in, until it reached his balls and hair. They both moaned and screamed.

At that point Xavier felt comfortable enough to slide it all in and out of this beautiful guy. He understood the trust needed to have a guy inside you. Especially with a guy this size. He thrust the cock deep into him and would take it out, almost to the groove in the head near the tip.

Then he got into a pounding motion, his balls hitting the cheeks of the psychic's ass. He pounded him harder and harder and reached around and put his hand on Darius' cock. Feeling how hard it was, he started to stroke it and stroke it from the base. He wanted to time this. 

"Oh yes, fuck me you powerful jock, fuck me with your powerful cock. I have waited centuries for this. Fuck my hole. Fuck me, pound me... and slide that bastard inside me and go nuts you hot stud. I want you to leak all over me. I want you to shake with pleasure." 

With this pervy talk, Xavier's legs started to shake as he pounded his big cock into him. Darius bent over the table and then spun around so his leg could go up onto Xavier's chest.

Rather cutely, "you have so much tension, and angst. I want you to take it out on me," said Darius.

Xavier thrust his sweaty thick cock into the nicely waxed perfect bubble butt. Darius put both legs up on Xavier and stretched his arms out, so he could grab at this man's huge and muscled ass. Feeling the most beautiful indent in the sides of this man's ass. He couldn't help but lick his lips in pleasure.

"Fuck me and slide it deeper and deeper." 

Xavier shook up and down while inside him. "Oh my god, you are an animal!" he shouted. The candle started flickering.

At that moment Darius felt a wind blow on his temple. "Not now," he shouted out at nothing. 

Xavier looking on, a bit confused. Kept sliding slowly inside the whole length of his rod. He leaned in and fucked this guy hardcore style chest to chest. Scattering the tarot cards with pentagrams all over the table. Leaning in more while thrusting deep, he kissed his lips and licked them like a caveman. 

Sliding spit all over both of their chins and cheeks and licking while making love. They felt a moment together. Locked away in a mystery room in almost dark. He couldn't help but have his mind race as to the purpose of his visit here, the timing, the mystery, and the magic.

Darius could feel many other people sitting around on the couches watching but he didn't say a word. "Fuck my gateway, make me sweat you powerjock with a powercock," he shouted.

And then screaming, "yes fuck me, yes slide that deeper." 

Xavier started moaning all butch like. "Ah your hole is sweet and fucking beautiful, I want to shoot my load." Sliding his powerful manly body against the wiccans thinner frame.

He was also rubbing the guys cock with his abs while he was fucking him. Sliding his chiselled abs on this studs cock he could feel him struggling with the insanity of the motions. Thrusting and sweat all over the purple velvet tabletop protector.

He moaned with heat, "I am going to jizz inside you soon." 

He reached down and started jacking the psychic off with his hand and the blonde wiccan shouted, "yes wank me off, fuck yes, this feels so good." Thrusting and feeling a powerful load coming through. 

They both started exploding at the same time. Screaming and shouting, grunts and moans into the air.

The wiccan sprayed his white juice all over his own stomach and chest and some even ended up on his neck. Xavier shot his load deep inside in a few quick thrusts. With his hands on the power jocks ass Darius guided the studs hips to shoot deep inside. With that load he could feel a burst of information coming his way. 

Xavier reached down and spread the cum all over the guy. Took some in his hand, licked it, and put it on his lips. He sucked and tasted this guys wiccan sperm. Biting his lower lip with his top teeth. He leaned into the guy and into a sticky abdominal mess. They went into a beautiful passionate kiss and licked and tasted each other for moments that passed shyly away. 

Taking a deep breath Xavier slid his hand down the guys chest and stomach and slid his cock out of the psychics' ass. He reached down and pulled his trackpants up and let the wiccan ascend.

"So you do know a reading is $45 for a half hour and your time starts now. However the full hour costs $75 and you get to ask me many, many questions. I am going to light another candle. I want you to blow this one out and make a wish." 

"My life has been chaos," Xavier said to Darius, "I have lived ten lives in my 28 years."

"Lets talk about it," said Darius with a grin. 

Shuffling out ten card spreads he dealt the pentagram cards on the table in various forms and the same cards kept coming up again. That Xavier had the power to heal. That it was no mistake that he was meeting very powerful men time and time again. 

Darius said, "you have to learn to cycle out your stress, sometimes it can be trapped inside you."

With the psychic reading halfway over Darius told Xavier that he could now start asking questions. Xavier started shooting off some questions, feeling a deeper and more solid connection. He couldn't help but think back to having his legs spread far open on the reading table. He started to get a bit hard.

Darius continued, "I can tell things will open up for you, and that you will meet some new people very soon. Come on let's get out of here, I want to show you something." 

With that the reading was over and the fantasy was over. Xavier couldn't help it, he stood up and his thick rod stood out of his pants.

Walking behind Darius and his incredibly hot effeminate walk Xavier again couldn't help but stare at his perfectly sculpted ass through the grey pants. Thinking to himself, "my cock was inside this man, he was an incredibly passionate fuck and I want him again."

They both hopped in Xavier's car and the wiccan gave him an address. While driving the 30 or so blocks to their mystery location, Darius noticed that Xavier's cock was super hard and sliding down his leg. 

After a bit of time, and a blur of city. They pulled up to a house on an acreage and Xavier noticed a fire going in the backyard. A man near the fire. 

"Is he your boyfriend?" said Xavier. 

"No not really, more of a mentor or a warlock," replied Darius. 

"Hmmm I don't get it" said Xavier. 

"It will soon all make sense my dear," grinned Darius.

The white hybrid car stopped and with that they got out and walked into the backyard.

Xavier noticed men with cloaks on and they were circling around the pit. He didn't find it particularly creepy just strangely entrancing. They walked over and the warlock looked at him saying, "perfect, right on time for the dark holiday." 

He looked around at the faces of the guys in cloaks. Of all colours, they were just looking on, their faces mostly covered with hoods. Xavier found this strangely erotic and started undressing. Darius too until they were both fully nude. 

The warlock came up to them and took his hood down revealing a youthful face and hair a tad longer than Xavier, yet they almost looked alike. The warlock was about 5'11''. He opened up his cloak revealing a nice thin body and he looked so twink style it was hard to imagine this guy with a title such as warlock.

Xavier looked on and noticed a beautiful cock, cut as well, not erect, but this guy was definitely a shower and not a grower. The cock was about 7 inches and it wasn't even hard.

"What is your name?" asked Xavier. 

The warlock replied, "my name is Elliot," leaning in to kiss Xavier.

Xavier couldn't help but feel a bit harsh for kissing another guy in front of Darius. But Darius looked on smiling and jacking his hot cock off at the sight of his master and jock making out. 

Darius moved in a bit and they entered into a 3 way french kissing match. It was incredible. Tongues swapping and licking and they were all hard and taking turns jacking each other off.

The other 10 men around disrobed. Xavier could see them all out of the corner of his eye. They were chanting and jacking themselves. He didn't care about them, it was as if their purpose was not to even be there. But they were.

Xavier couldn't help himself he kneeled down and came face level with the two cocks. He was correct about Elliot's package. It grew about a half inch upward, but what a show. He took both hard-ons in his mouth at the same time. Of course he couldn't fit all of the pinkish cock heads in his mouth, but he put both tips inside his lips and just sucked and licked and savoured the taste of the droplets that came out. Elliot's precum, was a bit salty and tangy. Darius' juice was sweet and had a bitterness. But he was not complaining, he was delighting. Never had he had two cocks in his mouth before.

He focused in on Darius' nine incher and sucked it to the base. Deep throating the massive cock down his throat. Sliding it down, and deeper than he thought he could take it. All the while jacking off Elliot's cock. 

He loved the sight of Elliot's dark pubic hair. It was bushy and he loved the touch of it. Elliot's cock seemed to self lubricate and the whole thing was super slick and easy to jack. They both groaned and moaned. The other men around the fire looked intently, moaning from the scene before them. He could see them subtly jacking off, some using their cloaks as a tool.

Looking down at Xavier, "come here my dear Xavier, I want you to come and see something," purred Elliot.

With that they walked away from the fire Elliot stopping to fetch his cloak. They walked into the woods near the back of the house. Barefoot, the path was nice and no sticks for them to step on.

They all walked with a rather macho strut considering they were all nursing massive bones, swinging in the moonlight. The path was lit, they came to a shed lit with about 500 candles.
