 All characters in this story are over the age of 18.

*****

I woke up the next morning and realized that I was rock hard. I figured a little "me time" would probably do me some good. I got on the computer and surfed over to my usual porn site. I logged on and tried to decide what I wanted to watch. I didn't see anything that really caught my eye. In skimming along, I found myself reading the descriptions of several gay male videos. I got away form that and chose a lesbian video, instead. I began watching it, but it wasn't doing anything for me. I tried switching to an anal video, but still nothing.

I found myself thinking about the different gay male videos that might be good. I shook my head and turned off the computer, unwilling to accept that I wanted to watch gay porn considering all that I had been through. I stripped naked and got into the shower. I took a quick shower and then got dressed. I was grabbing my keys and bag, when I heard my front door open. I stood in shocked silence as I watch Dan walk through my door. I couldn't believe it. He wanted to fuck me again, already?

My face must have shown my surprise, because he laughed when he saw me and said, "Yep, I'm here for that sweet ass. So drop those shorts and bend over, boy. I'm in a hurry, so no lip."

I hung my head, but obeyed. I undid my shorts and took them and my underwear off. I then knelt down and laid my chest over my couch. Dan didn't waste any time. He unzipped his pants, and dropped down behind me. I was loathe to admit, but my cock was still rock hard. I moaned as I felt his hard cock press against my asshole. He then grabbed my hips and plunged every inch of his hard cock up my ass. I moaned and gasped at the force of his thrust.

He was definitely in a hurry. He didn't start out slow, but just slammed his hard cock in and out of my ass as fast as he could. I guessed that this would be considered a "quickie," because there was no way he would be able to last long at this speed. I had to hold onto the couch for added support and stability, due to the force behind Dan's hard ass pounding. I had a desire to reach down and stroke my own cock, as I felt Dan's cock punching against my prostate. I refused to do this, I didn't want to cum this way.

Dan was grunting and moaning loudly, as he pulled my hips back to meet his hard thrusts. I heard his breathing get louder and more labored. His cock was now battering in and out of my ass. I had gotten used to this kind of abuse. My asshole was able to stretch around his big hard cock now without a lot of pain. I was conflicted about that. For one, I liked that I wasn't in constant pain, but I didn't like that it gave me some pleasure. I briefly wondered how well I could take Ben's much bigger hard cock, but I figured that would come sooner or later.

Dan then slammed his cock deep into my bowels and unleashed wave after wave of his hot cum inside me. Dan moaned loudly as he worked his cock in and out of my ass, milking any excess cum into me. He then pulled his cock out, stood up, and zipped his pants. I stood up and pulled my shorts and underwear back on. I then followed him out of my apartment and down the elevator. I figured he expected to drive me to school again, and I was right. I climbed on behind him, and he sped out of the parking lot. He then dropped me off at school, and said, "Well, boy. Tonight you get to enjoy Ben's company. And that guy is seriously horny, so get ready for an ass stretching."

He then laughed loudly as he sped off. I stood there speechless for a few seconds, then walked to my first class. I was once again in a daze most of the day, thinking about being roughly fucked by Ben's monster cock. I must have looked like a deer in headlights as I started to walk home that night, because I didn't even see Ben waiting for me on campus. I walked right past him, until he called to me. I turned around, still in a daze.

Ben laughed and grabbed his crotch as he said, "Damn, boy. You must really be hot for this monster of mine, if you are that out of it. Climb on, I'll get us there fast."

I nodded silently and climbed onto his bike, and he sped away. We arrived at my apartment building a minute later. I got off, and Ben followed me into the building and up the elevator. I was still dazed and silent. I led up to my apartment and inside. We stepped inside, and Ben immediately ordered me to strip. I was used to this by now, so I quickly stripped naked and then stood waiting for more instructions. Ben smirked as he say down on my couch and said, "Ok, now I want you to come over here. Take out my hard cock and suck me off. You're going to swallow my load and keep sucking until I get hard again. You got all that, boy?"

I nodded saying, "Yes, Sir."

I then dropped to my knees between his legs and unzipped his leather pants. As usual, he wasn't wearing underwear. I grabbed his hard cock and pulled it out of his pants. I then opened my mouth as wide as I could and began maneuvering his giant cock head into my mouth. I was able to stretch my lips and accommodate the enormous hard cock. I then began to bob my head up and down his cock shaft as I sucked and licked his cock. I worked up a good rhythm as I kept going. I was able to work his giant cock easier than last time, but it was still a lot of work considering the length and width.

Ben then said, "Now work it like I taught you, boy. And keep going until I cum. I want to see you swallow all the cum I give you."

I then took his cock deep into my throat and began swallowing around his massive cock head. Ben moaned loudly at this, and placed a leather gloved hand on my head to keep my there. I continued on like this for as long as I could, but with the cock head completely in my throat I was unable to breathe. I then drew my head back and began sucking just his massive cock head. I did this as I sucked in some much needed air. I continued working his cock head, until I felt his hand began to push me back down onto his cock.

I then began to bob my head up and down, as I sucked his cock shaft deeply. I moved one of my hands to slowly stroke his cock, while my other hand massaged his balls. I was loathe to admit it, but I was looking forward to getting fucked. I had come to be able to take Dan's massive cock up my ass without pain. I knew that Ben liked to fuck rough and hard, but I also knew he liked to suck a boy's cock. I was so horny that I was willing to take a hard fuck by Ben's massive cock if it meant I would get to cum too.

I was really working Ben's hard cock and not really paying attention to anything else, when I suddenly heard Ben moan loudly. I then felt his hard cock explode in a fountain of hit cum, right into my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could, and kept up stroking his cock with one hand and massaging his ball with my other. I also continued to bob my head up and down Ben's cock shaft sucking as I went, as I continued to swallow his hot cum.

Ben let out a deep moan, as he said, "Damn, boy. You're getting good at that. I haven't cum that fast in a long time. Now get me hard again so I can shove it up your tight ass."

I then doubled my efforts of sucking his cock. My hands continued to stroke him and massage his balls as my head bobbed up and down, trying desperately to get him hard again. I usually just wanted them to get off, so they would leave, but I was so horny now that I just needed any kind of pleasure as soon as possible. I felt the customary twitch and jerk of Ben's cock, that meant he would soon be hard again. I was proved right as his cock began to grow hard right in my mouth. I felt his cock begin to stretch my mouth as it grew to fullness.

Ben then pulled my mouth off of his cock and said, "Now bend over, boy. You have an ass that I intend to fuck long and hard." 

I quickly leaned over then couch and pushed out my ass. Ben dropped down behind me. I felt his warm breath on my asshole. I then moaned as I felt his wet tongue begin to press into my ass. I relaxed my asshole as best as I could, as I enjoyed the feeling of his wet tongue probing my ass. I felt my head drop onto the couch, as I relaxed completely to Ben's talented tongue. I was moaning and breathing hard as my asshole was being expertly tongue fucked by Ben. I whimpered as I felt his tongue leave my asshole.

I then felt Ben's hard cock head press against my asshole and slowly force it's way inside me. I relaxed my asshole as best as I could, but it still felt like my asshole was being ripped apart. I let out a relieved gasp, as I felt Ben's giant cock head come to rest inside me ass. I had come to enjoy the satisfying "pop" when his monstrously large cock head finally worked its way past my ass muscles. Ben then began to slowly push his cock into my ass. I felt every inch of his hard cock, as it worked its way into me.

I had forgotten how long Ben's cock really was, until I felt his cock head come to a stop inside my intestines. Ben let me get used to the feeling of his giant cock inside me. He then began to pull out. He continued to pull out until just his cock head was still inside me. He then pushed his cock all the way back inside me. Ben them moaned out, "I forgot how fucking great your asshole feels, wrapped around my hard cock. Mmm, how does my cock feel inside you, boy?"

I was humiliated to admit, "It actually feel really good, Sir. It doesn't hurt like it did last time."

Ben laughed as he said, "That's because you like monster cock shoved up your asshole, boy. Well here I come."

Ben then began to pick up speed as he fucked my ass. I was now moaning, as I felt his enormous cock filling my ass. Ben was now fucking me with a steady pace of pushing his cock all the way inside me, then back out until just his cock head was in my ass. Ben's pace was still slow enough that I could feel every inch of hard cock as it was pushed up my ass, but fast enough that I was moaning louder. My moans added to Ben's moans, as we enjoyed the feelings we were experiencing. Ben then grabbed my hips tightly and said, "Well, now boy. You ready for the real thing? I'm about to fuck your ass deep and hard."

I moaned out, "Yes, Sir. I'm ready."

Ben then began to pick up speed as he thrust his cock in and out of my ass. I was amazed at the feelings of pleasure I was receiving, as Ben's hard monster cock fucked my boy hole. Dan's smaller cock didn't feel half as good as Ben's cock did. I began to try to clinch my asshole around Ben's cock, but my asshole was already stretched so much, that it was impossible. I just decided to relax and enjoy the giant cock that was fucking my ass.

Ben was steadily increasing in speed as he continued to fuck me. His pace had increased significantly, so that now he was really battering in and out of my ass. I loved the new feelings that his cock was giving me. I was already so horny to begin with, now this added pleasure had my head spinning. Ben was really shoving his cock deep into my bowels, as he bottomed out his cock inside me. I couldn't wait to feel him spray his hot cum deep inside me. I wondered if he would let me stroke my own cock, while he fucked my ass. I remembered the amazing feeling of Ben sucking my cock until I came, as I rode Dan's cock until he pumped my insides full of cum.

I loved the feeling that my orgasm had given me. I wondered how much better it would feel with Ben's cock fucking my ass. I decided to wait, and just enjoy this first fuck, that I was receiving. Ben had worked himself up to a fast and deep pace of fucking my ass. I was moaning deep and loud as my ass was being pummeled by this massively hard and enormous cock. I loved the feeling of Ben's cock head plunging into my intestines, as he thrust deep into me. Ben's moans had grown louder and deeper, as he continued to fuck my boy hole.

Ben then moaned out, "Here I come, boy. I'm gonna fill your insides with my man seed. Get ready. HERE I GO!"

With that last moan, Ben slammed his hard cock deeper than ever into my insides. I grunted in pleasure as the air was forced from my lungs, by the shear force of his hard thrust. I felt a flood of hot man seed erupt from Ben's giant cock and flow into my insides. I moaned at the warm feeling of cum coating my insides. I imagined a river of hot sticky man seed washing deep into my body. Ben pumped his softening cock in and out of my ass, as he worked his cum into me. I moaned at the last few splashes of hot cum that flew into my ass.

Ben then flipped me around, so that I was now laying with my back on the couch. He had kept his long cock buried inside me, as he changed my position. He then began to slowly pump his softened cock in and out of my ass. I realized that he intended to work his cock in my ass, until he grew hard again. I moaned at the feeling of this slow ass fuck, and imagined being fucked in this position. Ben had my legs wrapped around his waist and his hands on my hips, as he slowly worked his cock in and out of my ass.

I quietly moaned, as I felt his softened cock steadily working in and out of me. Our breathing had settled down by now, and we were both moaning softly as he continued his slow and steady pace. Ben began to moan out softly, "Yeah work my cock, boy. I'm going to fuck you hard and deep real soon. I want to pump my cum so deep into you, that it sprays into your stomach."

I was quietly moaning, as I listened to Ben and he continued to slowly fuck me. Ben's softened cock was now the same size as Dan's hard cock. I smiled at the thought of that joke against Dan. I had come to enjoy Ben's monster cock much more than Dan's smaller though still big cock. I began to feel Ben's cock twitch inside my ass, and smiled as I felt his cock begin to grow hard and fill my ass with hard cock. I moaned loudly as Ben continued to slowly fuck my ass, with his how rock hard cock.

I felt my own hard cock slap my stomach. Ben looked down at me and said, "Stroke your hard cock, while I fuck you, boy. I want you to cum on yourself when I fill your ass with more of my cum. I want to see you cum with me."

I reached down and began to slowly stroke my hard cock. I kept the same steady pace as Ben had now. I was looking Ben in the eyes as I continued to stroke my hard cock in front of him. Ben then smirked and began to pick up the pace of his thrusts. I increased the speed of my strokes to my own cock, to match his speed of fucking my ass. Ben had now worked himself up to a fast pace of deeply fucking my ass. I was moaning with each thrust into my insides, as I continued to stroke my hard cock. I found it very hot and kinky to stroke my hard cock to match the hard cock that was currently plunging in and out of my ass.

My body was being wracked my the force of Ben's hard thrusts into my ass. His moans had grown in volume, as his thrusts into my ass had gone deeper. We were both moaning at the feeling of my asshole being stretched tight around his monster cock, my ass being filled with his cock shaft, and my intestines being battered by his giant cock head. By now, our moans had ceased. Our breathing had become labored and could easily be heard by both of us. Our breaths came out almost as loud as our moans had been.

I knew that I was being fucked and stroked to a powerful orgasm. I had not cum since Ben had sucked me off, five days ago. I needed this release bad. Ben was concentrating on fucking my ass as deep and hard as he could. The length of his cock caused his thrusts to be long, as he would pull his cock all the way out to his cock head, before ramming his entire length back inside me. I imagined what it must look like from the inside, Ben's massive cock head stretching my insides wide around his massive width. I moaned as I pictured it.

Ben then moaned out, "I'm getting close, boy. Jerk your cock faster. I want to see you cum all over yourself, when I fill you with my hot man seed."

I eagerly complied and began to work my hard cock faster, desperate to cum. I felt my asshole twitch and tighten as I felt my balls begin to pull up. I knew that I was mere seconds from cumming. I called out, "Sir, I'm gonna cum. I can't hold off. Here it comes."

I then felt my cock explode a spray of cum. I moaned as I felt my cock empty itself of my hot boy seed. I felt drops of my cum hit my face and chest. I kept stroking my softening cock, as I continued to milk my cum from my cock. Ben smirked as he watched this and slammed his cock all the way inside my intestines and felt his own cock begin to spray my insides with cum. I moaned as I felt another load of hot cum drench my insides. I felt his hard cock jerk every time he released another spurt of man seed deep inside me.

I lay there drenched in my own cum, as Ben continued to slowly pump his softened cock in and out of my ass. I moaned as I felt him jerk his cock a few times, emptying his cock inside my ass. I then felt his cock slide out of my asshole. I then stood up on shaky legs, and began walking towards the shower. I didn't notice at first, but Ben followed me to the bathroom. Stepped into the shower and Ben joined me, as I turned on the hot water.

I stepped under the spray of hot water and let it flow over me. I moaned at the feeling. Ben stepped up behind me and stepped into the pray with me. I smirked as I dropped to my knees and began massaging his soft cock and balls. I heard him moan, as he enjoyed my attention. I washed his cock and balls clean with my hands, as Ben stood before me. He then lifted me up and bent me over, as he dropped to his knees behind me. I felt his wet tongue begin to lick into my asshole, making me moan in pleasure. 

Ben had a hold of my ass cheeks as his tongue was buried deep in my asshole. I clinched my asshole around his tongue. I felt my back arch, as Ben's tongue continue to probe my ass. I heard him moan into my ass, as he tongue fucked me. One of his hands reached and grabbed hold of my cock and balls and began to knead and massage me from behind. I spread my legs to allow him better access. Ben then stood up, grabbed his now semi hard cock, and slapped it against my ass cheeks.

I moaned at then knowledge that he intended to shove his over sized cock into my ass again. He then said, "Ok, boy. Shot off the water, it's time for another round of ass fucking."

I shut off the water and we both stepped out of my shower and dried off. I then followed him into my living room. He then sat down on my couch and slowly stroked his cock. He smirked at me as he said, "Wrap your lips around this big cock, boy."

I immediately dropped to my knees and began sucking his massive cock. I knew to work his cock with a deep and hard suction. I began to feel his cock grow hard. I smiled around his cock, as I continued to suck. Ben then said, "Ok, now climb on up. I want you to ride this massive meat."

I let his cock fall out of my mouth, with one last suck of his hard cock head. I then climbed up onto his lap. I straddled his hips and lowered myself down onto his incredibly wide and long cock. I moaned as I felt his cock slide past my asshole and into my ass. I took him inside me all the way until his cock head popped into my intestines. I settled myself on his lap, as I positioned myself to ride his cock. I then set a slow and steady pace of rocking my hips forward and back, as I worked his cock inside me. His cock was so long, that I felt his cock head popping in and out of my intestines. 

My mouth opened wide in a silent moan, as I felt his monster our cock work its way deeper than ever into my insides. I moaned at the feeling of him being so deep inside me. I began to pick up speed, making his cock head go in and out of my insides. I loved this feeling of being so full of hard cock. I thought of the previous day, that I was still so mad at being forced to take Dan's hard cock into my ass. But now I was willingly working Ben's much bigger cock in and out of me. I smiled at the change I had gone through in the past week. How willing I now was to be roughly fucked by giant cock. I felt my breathing pick up as I continued to rock my hips faster and faster, desperate for more depth. Ben moaned loudly, as he placed his hands on my ass cheeks to keep my pace fast. He began to buck his hips upwards to meet my hips as they rocked backwards, driving his hard cock deeper and deeper into my insides. I had never had either of their cocks plunged so deep into me, and I loved the feeling. I felt my own cock harden, as the pleasure of being fucked caused me such pleasure.
