 I awoke the morning after my night of being raped by the two bikers for the second time, feeling sore and tense. The night's events still played in my mind. I called my parents and asked about getting a new place, but their answer was what I had expected considering I wouldn't go into any details on why I needed to move from one expensive apartment complex and into another. So I tried to go about my routine, as best I could. I went to class, swim team practice, then came home. 

I was apprehensive any time I stepped outside. I kept looking over my shoulder and flinching every time I heard a loud engine. But I never saw them. It went like that for several days and I began to hope that they would leave me alone and find someone else. Unfortunately that was not to be. As I got up four days after my last rape, I did my normal morning routine. As I was getting ready to leave, I heard a knock at my door. I answered it, not thinking anything about it. I then came face to face with a smirking Dan.

I stuttered out, "How did you get here?"

He laughed and said, "Oh, when Ben was busy fucking that sweet ass of yours for the second time Saturday night, I swiped your entry card from your wallet. I scanned it on our credit card reader. We usually use it for other things, but hey it worked. I then had a duplicate copy made and here I am. You happy to see me, boy?"

I was crestfallen. They now had complete access to my building, and my apartment. I didn't answer, so Dan continued, "Well, I am in desperate need of a hard morning piece of ass."

I felt my shoulders drop, as I continued to look at him. I was finally able to speak again, saying, "But I have to get to class. If I don't leave now, I'll be late."

Dan was unimpressed and said, "Well now, we can't have that. How about I fuck you hard, then give you a ride to school? That way you can enjoy the feeling of my cum in your ass all day long."

I began to plead and beg, saying, "Please. I can't do this again. I'm not gay. Please, not again."

Dan smirked as he said, "Oh, don't worry. None of the boys we like to fuck in the ass are gay. That's half the fun. Taking a cute straight little boy and fucking his ass against his will. Yeah, that's what we like. Now come on, you know its going to happen anyway. Or do you think you have a chance at getting away now?"

He then walked past me and into my apartment. I dropped my head and felt myself slump, as I realized I couldn't talk him out of this. I then shut my door and turned around to find him standing in the middle of my living room, unzipping his pants as he looked at me. He then said, "Ok, then. Come over here and take my dick out."

I did as he ordered and reached into his pants. I felt his hard cock and pulled it out of his pants. I then looked up at his face, wondering what was next. He smirked at me and said, "Well, it's going up your ass so I suggest you get it wet, unless you think you are up for me to shove it in your dry."

I then nodded resignedly and dropped to my knees. I then took his hard cock in my mouth and began to suck all along the shaft, using as much spit as I could to get it wet. I considered attempting to suck him off, but figured he would just make me keep sucking until I got him hard again so he could fuck my ass. So I just used my mouth and tongue to lube his big cock with my spit. As soon as he was satisfied, he pulled my face off of his cock and said, "Now drop your shorts and bend over. I need a tight ass to fuck."

I undid my shorts and pulled them and my underwear off. I was about to bend over the couch like last time, but he stopped me and just had me get on all fours on the floor. I felt his hard cock head press against my asshole. I then felt the usual steady pressure as he forced his cock into my asshole. I whimpered as I felt him continue pushing his hard cock all the way inside my ass, until he was all the way inside me. He then grabbed my hips and started to work his cock in a slow and steady pace in and out of my ass.

I was at least grateful that he started out slow, but I knew that wouldn't last. I was right. As soon as I thought that, he gripped my hips harder and began to really thrust his hard cock as fast as he could and as deep as he could into my ass. He moaned loudly saying, "Oh, yeah. I missed this tight asshole wrapped around my big cock. I bet you missed having my big cock shoved up your ass. I bet you felt empty without it. I figured I should give you a few days to relax, before I came a calling."

I didn't answer and he kept pounding my ass hard from behind. I felt his think leather pants smacking up against my ass cheeks every time he thrust into me. He was really fucking my ass hard. I briefly wondered how long he could keep this pace going before he came inside me. I knew that he usually only fucked me this hard at the end, when he was trying to cum fast. I guessed that he was in a hurry too. I was glad at least of that. I didn't need another several hour session of having my ass fucked deep and hard.

Dan's moans had grown loud now and his pace had steadily increased until he was thrusting up my ass as fast as he could. My whole body was shaking with the force of his fast and powerful thrusts. He now started to pull my ass back into his cock as he would thrust it into my ass. I remembered he only did this when he was about to cum. I was not wrong. His moans had grown so loud, that I was glad the walls were thick and soundproof. His hard cock was truly battering my insides. His thrusts had increased into a fevered pitch, until he finally slammed his cock deep into my insides and half moaned/half screamed. His cock then erupted in a river of cum pumping into my bowels.

I felt spurt after spurt of his hot cum as he filled my up. His cock was still buried in my ass, as he released his full load of man cum. He then pumped my ass a few times and jerked his cock shaft with his hard, to milk out any excess cum. I felt a few splashes of cum flow into my ass, before he pulled out completely. He then grunted and stood up. I looked back and saw him replacing his softened cock back into his pants, before zipping up.

He looked down at me and said, "Ok, boy. Time to go. Get your things and I'll give you that lift."

I quickly pulled up my underwear and shorts and grabbed my backpack. We then left my apartment and walked to the elevator. We rode down all the way to the lobby in silence. I kept my head down, as the doors opened and we walked out of the building. I was turning to walk the ten blocks to campus, when I felt a leather gloved hand on my shoulder stopping me. 

Dan said, "Seriously, I'll give you a lift."

I quietly said, "That's ok. I don't mind the walk." 

But Dan answered, "I insist. Climb on behind me."

Knowing I had no real choice, I followed him to his bike. He got on and started the engine. I then climbed on behind him. He then drove out of the parking lot and turned towards my campus. We arrived several minutes later. He dropped me off in front of my first class.

I quietly said, "Thanks for the ride."

He smirked and said, "Oh, I don't mind. I love having a cute piece of boy ass riding bitch on my bike. Besides, you gave me a ride this morning, so it's only fair I return the favor."

I nodded my head, and turned to go. I heard behind me, "I'll see you tonight though. You always get home on Wednesday nights at 7pm, right?"

I turned around shocked that he knew my schedule. I could only nod in answer. He smirked at me and said, "Good. I'll see you right after swim practice."

He then rode away. I turned and walked into my class in a daze. I was walking around like a zombie for most of the day, before I got myself together. I knew that Dan would be waiting for me tonight and that I could expect him to have me suck his cock and take him up my ass until he was done. I wondered how long he could go for. I knew he had cum three times Saturday night. Could he go more, tonight. I shuddered in fear. I again contemplated calling the police. They could catch him in my apartment and he could get some serious jail time for rape and breaking and entering (and not just breaking and entering my ass). But I realized that if I did that, I would have Ben to worry about. So that plan was out.

I accepted what was to come, as I finished getting dressed that night after swim practice. I was about to walk home, when I heard the sound of a motorcycle engine approach. I looked an saw Dan riding up. He stopped in front of me, and patted the back of the seat behind him. I guessed that he didn't want to wait for me to walk home. I reluctantly climbed on behind him and he drove us back to my place. We then walked to my apartment in silence. He grabbed my ass cheeks in the elevator and groped me all the way up.

We then exited the elevator at my floor and walked to my apartment. I let us in and he walked into my apartment like he owned it. He walked right into my bedroom and said over his shoulder, "Come on, boy. You have a hard cock to suck."

I followed him into the bedroom. I hated that he seemed to feel no compunction about using my own bed to rape me. I was offended, but knew that there was nothing I could do anyways. He then stood in the center of the room and ordered me to strip. I obediently stripped naked and stood before him. He then said, "Ok, now strip me, boy."

I reached up and unzipped his leather jacket, removing it. I then pulled his shirt over his head. I knelt down and removed both of his boots and socks. I reached up then and unzipped his pants. I pulled his pants down and realized that again we wasn't wearing underwear. I briefly wondered if he ever did. He stepped out of his pants, as I laid them aside. He then walked over and laid down on my bed on his back. His hard cock was sticking straight up and touching his stomach. I took a moment to at least be thankful that he wasn't overweight and didn't smell. 

He had laid his head on my pillows and was now looking at me, as he said, "Well, boy. Here's my cock. Come and suck it."

I crawled up onto my bed and grabbed his hard cock. I then opened my mouth and began to suck up and down his cock shaft. I was laying on my stomach, between his legs and slowly bobbing my head up and down as I worked my lips and tongue over his throbbing hard cock. Dan was more talkative than last time, saying, "Oh, yeah. That's a great mouth for sucking cock, you got there, boy. Play with my balls and jerk my cock while you suck me."

I complied and began to slowly jerk his cock and massage his balls, as I continued sucking his hard cock. I had settled into a kind of rhythm, when Dan said, "Now deep throat me, boy. Take my hard cock into your throat."

I complied and took his cock all the way into my throat and began to swallow around his cock head. I had my head all the way down on his cock, with my nose buried in his pubic hair and my chin resting on his balls. Dan was moaning loudly and enjoying my throat. He then said, "Ok, now just suck the head."

I pulled his cock out of my throat and concentrated on sucking and licking his cock head. Dan moaned again as I continued. I was sucking his cock head hard and running my tongue over his piss slit and around the crown. Dan then spoke again, saying, "Now back to the shaft and suck the whole thing."

I went back to bobbing my head up and down on his shaft, sucking as I went. I was still jerking his hard cock with one hand and massaging his balls with the other. Dan now added, "Now keep going between these ways. I want you to alternate as you suck my cock. Enjoy yourself, boy. You have a nice fat cock in your mouth."

I was not enjoying myself, but knew I didn't have a choice so I continued as he had instructed. I alternated between deep throating his hard cock, sucking his cock head, and then sucking his whole shaft. I was in my own little world as I continued sucking Dan's cock. I tried to think of anything else, but what I was once again being forced to do. I had been through this alternating techniques of sucking his cock and I was now on my third rotation of bobbing my head up and down as I sucking his whole shaft. Dan was moaning loudly and I felt his balls begin to draw up. I knew he would cum soon.

Dan began to moan out, "Oh, you suck cock so good, boy. Suck that hard cock. I'm going to cum right down your throat. I want you to keep sucking my cock until I get hard again. Then I'm going to fuck your tight asshole. I may even let you cum, when I'm fucking you up the ass. Won't that be nice, boy? Wouldn't you like to cum with my hard cock up your ass?"

I could not answer him. I was too busy still sucking his big cock. But in all honesty, I just wanted to hurry up and get this night over with. The faster I made him cum again and again, then the faster he would leave. I knew he would be fucking my as tonight, probably several times. That was a given. But I had no desire to cum. I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of thinking that I enjoyed this. I was busy bobbing my head up and down as I continued to suck his cock, as I was lost in my inner thoughts.

Dan suddenly moaned loudly and filled my mouth with his hot cum. I was shocked. Usually they thrust their cocks into my throat, when they came. That caused most, if not all, of their cum to simply flow down my throat and miss my mouth entirely. This time, he pumped load after salty load directly into my mouth. I had to close my eyes and really concentrate to swallow all of the man seed. I finally succeeded, and then continued to suck his cock. I felt a few more jets of cum fly from his cock, before he stopped. 

I then felt his cock begin to soften. I started to really work his cock in my mouth. I put all of my effort into getting him hard again, as fast as I could. I worked his cock shaft, then sucked hard on his cock head. I continued to jerk his cock with my hand as I massaged his balls. Dan laughed at my feverish pace of sucking his cock. He laughed, saying, "Oh, that's the way, boy. Work that cock. Make me hard again. I know you want it in your ass. Keep going like that, and I'll be hard again in no time."

I ignored his taunts, as I continued to suck his cock. "Just get hard again, fuck my ass as much as you want, then get out of my apartment" I thought hatefully.

I apparently did a good job, because I felt his cock twitch in my mouth. He then started to get hard again. "Finally," I thought. I continued sucking his cock, until he pulled my head off. I looked up at him, expecting to be told to get on all fours. But Dan smirked at me and said, "Now climb up here, and ride this cock, boy. I want you to learn to really ride a hard cock."

I climbed up onto him, until I was straddling his hips. I lowered my ass down and felt his cock head press against my asshole. Dan grabbed his cock and held it in place, as I lowered myself down on it. I was glad the cock was still wet with my cum, because I was able to take it all inside me easily. I continued to lower my ass down onto his cock, until I was sitting on his lap. I let myself get used to the feeling again. I then began to roll my hips forward and back, as I worked his cock in and out of my ass. Dan grabbed my hips and showed me how fast he wanted me to go. I placed my hands on his chest for better stability. 

Dan moaned as I picked up the pace of my hips, as he had showed me. I continued to Work his hard cock in and out of my ass. I liked this position better than doggie style. It seemed to make his cock really work prostate. I still hated doing this no matter what position, but at least this way I had some control over speed and depth. The thought hit me that I should feel bitter that Dan was making me work his cock, but considering how many times I have been forced to suck both he and Ben off, I didn't see the difference.

They were both rapists and they were using me for their pleasure. What difference did it really make if I was bent over and they were fucking me or I was riding their cocks? Either way I would still be forced to take their hard cocks up my ass. I pushed the inner monologue from my mind and just focused on hurrying up and getting him off, so he would leave. I began to rock my hips faster and faster. Dan moaned and gripped me tighter, as he enjoyed my ass. I heard his breathing increase and his moans grow in volume. I knew that soon he would cum.

I again wondered how many times he would fuck me tonight, and silently hoped he hadn't eaten oysters or taken any Viagra today. I had to force myself not to laugh at that last thought, as I continued to ride Dan's hard cock. I started to really slam my ass down onto his cock harder, as I continued to rock faster. This caused Dan to moan louder and thrust up into me. Dan then forced his eyes shut, as his whole body tensed up.

I felt his cock slam up into me. I then felt a flood of hot cum erupt from his cock and spray my insides. I rocked my hips more as I clinched my asshole around his cock. I knew he liked to milk his cock into me, and figured this should help. I felt his cock start to soften inside me, as I heard his breathing start to return to normal. I then slid off of his cock and sat quietly on my bed. I started going over what I would do once he left, and realized that along with a hot shower, I would also change the sheets. I didn't want to smell him when I slept. I was still offended that he had taken up residence in my bed.

I was lost in my own world and was staring at nothing, as I continued to go over my list of things to do after he left. I heard a chuckle from him. Looked over and saw him staring at me. I didn't speak. What was the point? If he wanted something, he would either tell me or he would just take it. What else could I expect from a rapist? He interrupted my thoughts by saying, "Boy, you certainly know how to ride a cock."

I didn't answer at first, but he seemed to be waiting for an answer, so I said bitterly, "Yeah, I had two guys show up here four days ago and raped me for several hours. One of them liked to have me do that."

That seemed to amuse him. He smirked at me and said, "Well, I could always throw you on the floor and rape your tight ass from behind."

I reminded him, "You have done that already and probably will again, anyways. Making me ride your cock, is no different than raping me in an alley. It's the same outcome either way. You want to fuck my ass, so you do."

That seemed to really amuse him. He continued smirking saying, "That's right. If I wanted to find a willing boy, I'd find one. I like to take, so does Ben. Best you just accept the fact that we intend to make a playground out of your asshole for the foreseeable future. Who knows, you might get to like it."

I sighed as I said, "I've come to accept it already. I can't fight you off. I can't run away. I obviously can't hide, if you already know where I go to school and when I come home. But, I doubt will get to like being fucked in the ass or sucking cock."

Dan moaned, as he enjoyed my submission. He flopped his head onto my pillow saying, "Just be glad that we are both somewhat playful. Ben even sucked you off the last time you rode my cock. You can't say you didn't like that. I felt your asshole tighten when you shot your load, I know you liked it. And Ben and I are already thinking of the fun we will have with you. We don't want to make your asshole too loose, that would take all the fun out of stuffing you full of our hard cocks if your asshole didn't have to stretch to take us in."

"Besides, all of this is moot. You don't have a choice, we know where you live, we know where you go to school, and we both like it when you beg for mercy. It turns us both on when you say we're too big, too long, or are too rough. That makes us want to fuck you even harder, just to hear you scream."

I shuddered at the thought of what he had said. Knew all of this already, having experienced it in the alley and on the couch. They both loved it when I didn't want to be fucked and they loved to hear be beg and plead. I remembered them stroking their hard cocks when I begged them not to fuck me on Saturday night. It just turned them on even more. Dan then said, "I like when a boy rides my cock. Ben does too, but he's so big that a boy needs to be really loosened up in order to take a ride on his massive meat. But, I'm sure you'll do just fine when you ride him. We also like to use leather straps to hold you down or keep you standing. It's hot seeing a boy all immobile and at our mercy. I can never decide whether to gag a boy or not. It's pretty hot to fuck a boy senseless when all he can do is muffle around a gag. But we both love to hear a boy scream for help or beg us to stop or go slower."
