 It had been three weeks since I had been forcibly fucked by the two bikers in an alley. After they left me, I had gotten dressed and walked back to my off campus apartment. I was still sore from the rough fucking that my mouth and asshole had received. I took a shower and went to bed. I had briefly considered reporting the assault, but I had disregarded it. I knew I would have to tell the story again and again, and that was not something I was prepared to do. Over the next few weeks, my life had returned to normal. I wasn't looking over my shoulder anymore and the sound of a motorcycle no longer made me panic.

I was now walking home to my apartment, after a late night studying at the campus library. I didn't live in a bad part of town, and my apartment complex was very safe and secure. I wasn't really paying attention to my surroundings, when I heard the sound of motorcycles driving down the road behind me. I didn't give them much thought, as I continued to walk the last block home. I heard the bikes as they drove past me, and briefly saw both riders turn to look at me as they passed. A sense of dread began to rise, as I saw both bikers then nod at each other and then one bike pull to the side of the road about ten feet in front of me. The other bike kept going and turned around the block.

I had came to a top and was looking at the biker who had stopped in front of me. I felt my breathing pick up, as I slowly recognized him as one of my attackers from three weeks before. I guess my face showed my fear, because the biker laughed as he said, "Yep. I knew I recognized that ass. I gotta say, you handled our cocks very well, boy. Care for an encore performance?"

I could barely speak I was so terrified. I was able to stutter out, "I haven't told anyone. I just want to go home."

The biker laughed again as he dismounted his bike and took a step towards me. I was frozen in fear, as he said, "Now is that anyway to greet someone? I thought you would be grateful. You never came back to the bar. Dan and I have been wondering if we would run into you again. What's a cute piece of ass, like you, doing going home alone? You could be having a lot of fun. How about we show you?"

I had finally unlocked my feet and turned to run away, as I shouted, "No!"

I got one step away from him, before I ran smack into his buddy. I looked up into his smiling face and recognized him as my other attacker. Dan had apparently looped around the block to cut off my line of escape. He immediately grabbed me around the waist and placed a hand over my mouth. I muffled out a scream, as I felt his buddy grab me from behind, to help secure me. Dan was still smiling when he said, "Hey cutie. I guess you do remember us. Where you think you're running off to? What do you think, Ben? He wasn't meaning to be rude was he? He was just overwhelmed."

I was now being held securely between them both. I felt Ben's leather encased hard cock pressed against my ass. My eyes were now wide in fear, as I guessed there reason for grabbing me again. I tried to struggle, but they had a tight hold on me. I felt my body slump as I realized, that I wasn't going anywhere. My head drooped slightly. Ben then whispered into my ear, "You live in those apartment's, don't you boy?"

I nodded slightly. Dan then asked, "You live alone?"

I again nodded in answer. I didn't want to get beaten up, and I knew they had me overpowered. I had no chance of getting away from them now. Ben then stepped away and got back on his bike. He drove towards us, and smirked as he patted the seat behind him, saying, "Come on. We'll escort you home. No telling who you might run into this late at night. Climb on, you can ride bitch."

Dan then walked me to Ben's bike and pushed me to sit down. Ben then said, "Now don't get any funny ideas. It would be a shame to bruise that face of yours."

I again nodded. Ben then nodded to Dan, as Dan turned and walked back to his bike. Ben then began to drive towards my apartment complex. The fast acceleration, forced me to grab onto Ben for stability. I hear Ben laugh as I did this. I knew what was likely to come from this, and I was wracking my brain looking for a way out. Ben turned into the complex and asked which building was mine. I briefly considered lying, but knew that was only prolonging this and would probably lead to them getting mad and possibly hitting me.

I pointed out my building. Ben and Dan pulled their bikes into a parking spot, and we all dismounted the bikes. Dan then grabbed me and said, "Now just take us in, nice and cool and casual like. Don't make a fuss. You don't want to make us mad, boy."

I nodded and led them into the building ahead. I used my key card to get us in. The front desk was closed after hours, so we were alone as we walked to the elevator. I again used my key card to activate the elevator, as we rode up the ten stories to my apartment. Ben was roughly groping my ass cheeks in the elevator and kept remarking, "Damn, I missed this ass."

I kept my head down the whole ride up. I then exited at my floor and led the way to my apartment. It was dark inside as I let us all in. I was not surprised that we didn't run into anyone else on our way here. I usually was the only one getting home this late. This apartment complex was mostly housed with families and older single people. It was a little too costly for college kids. I had been lucky to be able to pay my way in. I had a full scholarship to the college from the swim team. So I could use my money to live in a better accommodation, than a dorm room.

All my lights were out, as we entered my apartment. I quickly turned on the lights in the living room area. I was unsure what to do, and just stood there waiting. Ben then smacked my ass and said, "Well, looks like we got ourselves a rich boy. You come from money, boy?"

I stuttered out, "No. I'm in college on a swimming scholarship. The apartment was a gift from my parents, because of my grades and all that."

Ben put a leather gloved hand on my shoulder and held me still, as Dan walked around the apartment, looking at my furniture and got the feel of the place. I guess he was looking for any weapons or roommates, that I may have lied about. He seemed to satisfy himself. He then walk back to the living room and looked at me up and down. Dan then asked, "You know what comes next, don't you boy?"

I stuttered again saying, "I don't have any money. My folks aren't wealthy. I don't even have a car. I just walk everywhere and eat at the campus on a meal plan." 

I was rambling now. I knew what they wanted, but I didn't want to say anything. Ben and Dan both laughed at this. Ben stepped forward and grabbed his cock through his leather pants, saying, "Oh, we don't want your money, boy. Strip!"

I know my face showed shock, because Dan then said, "Don't look so surprised. We fucked your asshole and mouth once. Did you really think we wouldn't do it again? Now Strip!"

I backed up a pace, my mind racing, as I begged, "No. Don't do this again. Please."

My outburst seemed to make them happy. They both laughed as Ben sat down on my couch, saying, "Now, now. We can do this the easy way and have you strip, or we can do this the hard way and have us strip you. Your choice, boy."

I looked from Ben to Dan with wide eyes and fear. Seeing no other option, I hung my head and began to strip. I kicked off my shoes, then took off my shirt. I then undid my pants and slid them and my underwear off. I stood before them naked, as they smiled and watched. Dan then walked behind me and smacked my ass, as he laughed saying, "Oh yeah. There's the ass I remember."

Dan then walked over and sat beside Ben on the couch and said, "Get on your knees and crawl over here."

I sank to my knees and crawled to them as ordered. Ben then grabbed my head and forced it into his crotch, saying, "Now lick my cock through my pants, boy."

I began to lick his crotch. All I could taste was leather, so I was not too put out. Ben held my head there as he moaned. I was surprised he even felt me through the thick leather. Or maybe he just liked to watch me. I continued using my tongue in a up and down licking motion of where I could see his hard cock bulging in his pants. Dan then pulled my head to him and had me do the same. I began licking his crotch, as I had Ben. Dan also moaned as he watched me.

Dan then said, "Ok, boy. Now take my cock out. I want to see you suck my hard man cock."

I reached up and unbuttoned his pants then pulled the zipper down. He was not wearing any underwear, so his hard cock popped right out in my face. I didn't get a good look the last time, but now I could see his cock was very long and fat. He then pulled my face to his cock. I opened my mouth and wrapped my lips around his hard cock. I began to bob my head up and down as I sucked his cock.. Dan moaned loudly, as he gripped my head. I used my tongue to lick his shaft and cock head, as I continued to suck. I felt my mouth being stretched around his wide cock.

Ben then pulled my head back to his crotch, saying, "Mine now."

I unbuttoned his pants and pulled his zipper down, to reveal his hard cock. Ben was just as big as Dan, but his cock head was twice as big. Ben forced my head to his monster cock. I again felt my mouth stretching to accommodate this large hard cock. Ben forced me to bob my head faster on his cock with his hand on the back of my head, as he moaned. I felt Dan stand up off of the couch. I briefly feared he would shove his cock up my asshole, like before. Ben then pulled my head off of his cock and pointed back to Dan.

Dan was looking down at me as he and said, "This should make it easier for you. Now get back to where you belong, boy." 

I again took his cock in my mouth and began to suck up and down his shaft. Dan then grabbed my head and said, "Here, let me teach you how a boy should suck a man's cock."

He then forced his cock all the way into my throat. My mouth was stretched painfully as his cock head was now buried in my throat. My nose was jammed into his pubic hair and I felt his balls on my chin. Dan then ordered, "Now swallow my cock boy."

I swallowed and felt my throat muscles as they moved over his cock head. Dan moaned louder, now. He kept me like that, his cock buried in my throat as I continued to work his cock head with my throat. With his monster cock in my throat, I was unable to breathe and began to panic, but then he pulled my head back until only the cock head was in my mouth. I gasped and sucked in as much air as I could. Ben then said, "Now suck his cock head, boy. Use your tongue and really work that man cock."

I did as ordered. I sucked Dan's cock head and used my tongue to lick all around. I then licked up his piss slit, and tasted some precum. Dan moaned even louder. He then began to pull my head back and forth, making me suck his cock shaft. I put a lot of effort into sucking his cock, thinking that if I just sucked them off, then they wouldn't need to fuck my ass again. I figured sucking their monster cocks and having them shoot their loads down my throat, was better than them ravaging my asshole again.

Dan was really moaning now. He had both hands on my head as he guided my head to the pace and depth that he liked. I felt his cock twitch in my mouth, as I felt his already enlarged cock head grow slightly. Dan then rammed his cock back down my throat, as the first shot of his hot cum erupted down my throat. I was unable to move as Dan held my head completely still. I just concentrated on swallowing as fast a s I could. Dan shot load after load of his cum straight into my stomach, as I continued to swallow. My swallowing around his cock head was massaging him very well and milking all of his cum into my throat.

Dan removed his cock head from my throat and shot his last load into my mouth, saying, "Have a taste, boy. Wouldn't want you to miss out."

I felt his hot cum shoot into my mouth, I quickly swallowed. Dan jerked his cock with his hand, working out any excess cum into my mouth. I felt the last of his com flow onto my tongue and tasted the salty man seed, before I swallowed it. Dan pumped his softened cock a few times in and out of my mouth. I was expecting him to go completely soft after he came, but his cock stayed semi hard. I felt his hand stroking my head, and looked up as I continued to suck his softened cock. Dan was smirking at me again, as he watched me sucking his cock.

Ben then said from the couch, "Ok, boy. Now it's my turn. Come work this cock."

I felt Ben pull me off Dan's cock by my arm, until I was kneeling in front of him. He was relaxed on my couch. His monster cock was aimed right at my face. He smirked as he guided my mouth onto his hard cock. I opened my mouth, as his enormous cock head was forced between my lips. I felt a moment of panic, as he suddenly thrust in all the way into my throat. His cock head was so big, that taking in into my throat actually hurt. I swallowed involuntarily, making Ben moan loudly.

I then began working Ben's hard cock as I had Dan's. I withdrew his cock head from my throat and began sucking and licking across it with my tongue. Ben moaned loudly as I ran my tongue over his piss slit. Apparently they both loved it when I did this. I accepted that I was going to have to suck him off as well. I still figured it would be better, than taking either of them up my ass again. I realized that Dan must have been the one who fucked my asshole last time. I didn't think I would have been able to walk, if I took Ben's monster cock up my ass.

I then began to bob my head as I sucked up and down Ben's cock shaft. I used my tongue to lick up and down his cock, as I continued to suck him. Ben moaned again, as he placed his hand on my head and guided my head to move faster up and down his cock shaft. Ben moaned out, "Use your hand to jerk my cock in your mouth, boy. Any play with my balls too."

I complied and began to use one hand to stroke his cock and jerk him off, as my head continued to bob up and down sucking his hard cock. I used my free hand to massage and stroke his balls. Neither of these guys shaved or trimmed their pubic hair, so my nose and chin were being tickled my the course hairs. I was thankful that both of them at least bathed or showered regularly. The only thing I could smell or taste was the usual sweat and leather, that must come from wearing leather pants. Ben was moaning loudly now.

I felt the couch dip slightly next to Ben. I looked over and saw that Dan was sitting next to him, stoking his semi hard cock as he watched my sucking cock. Dan was smirking at me as he said, "That's right, boy. Work that hard cock. Show us you know how to suck a man's cock."

I continued to bob my head up and down, as sucked the massive cock in my mouth. Ben continued to push my head down, as he made me suck him faster and faster. Every now and then, Ben would thrust his hips upwards, burying his cock head in my throat. I was grateful that I never gagged, because he seemed to like to do this. I figured they would not me happy if I gagged a lot, as they enjoyed burying their cock heads in my throat. My own cock was semi hard. I was not turned on, just accepting that I had no choice in this. 

Ben was now thrusting his hips up into my mouth faster and faster, as he continued to force my head up and down on his cock. He began to moan louder and louder. I knew he would soon cum. I felt his balls draw up closer to his cock, as I felt his cock twitch and his cock head grow slightly. Then Ben shoved his cock head right into my throat and held my head steady. My eyes now went wide, as I felt his cock head jammed into my throat. I swallowed as fast as I could, as I attempted to relieve the pressure.

Ben then moaned loudly, as I felt the first shot of hot cum erupt from his cock head and flow down my throat. I swallowed as fast as I could trying to work Ben's cock, as he continued to shoot spurt after spurt of his hot cum down my throat. With his giant cock head buried in my throat, I was unable to breathe. I began to panic, as I felt Ben continue to hold my head down on his hard cock. Ben was still pumping his cock in and out of my throat, as he milked his cock of all of his cum. His hard cock was so long, that he was able to keep his cock head buried in my throat, as he pumped his cock in and out of my mouth. 

I tried to push off of his cock, but Ben held me still. I felt tears run down my face as I was still unable to draw breath. Finally Ben let me draw my head back onto his cock shaft. I sucked in a large gasp of breath, from my nose. Ben looked down at me and said, "Keep sucking, boy. Suck out all my cum, or I'll shove it back down your throat."

I bobbed my head up and down as I sucked his hard cock, as hard as I could. I continued to jerk his cock into my mouth and massage his balls. Ben had his head leaned back, as he enjoyed my mouth working his cock. I tasted the last bit of Ben's hot cum, as I worked his cock clean of his man seed. Ben was now slowly stroking my head, as I continued to suck his softening cock. His cock was much easier to suck, now that he was not fully hard. I sucked and jerked his cock, as Ben's moaned loudly.

I then saw Dan stand up. He walked behind me and said, "Now, let's have some fun in this cute ass."

I released Ben's cock from my mouth and turned my head to see Ben holding his now fully hard and big cock in his hand. I stuttered out, "But you came. I sucked you both off. I did. Last time, you only came once."

Dan laughed as he began to strip off the remainder of his clothes, saying, "Last time we fucked you in an alley. We had to be quick, so no good Samaritans would come by and try to save you. Now, we have all the time we want."

I was panicking again as I begged, "Please don't fuck me. You're both too big. Please. I'll suck you off again. I'll do a good job. I'll swallow again too. Just not that."

Ben then grabbed my head and forced me to back at him, as he said, "Trust me, boy. It'll be much better if he fucks you before I shove my monster cock up your cute ass. He'll get you nice and loosened up, then I'll have my go with you."

I was still begging and pleading, as Dan knelt down and positioned his hard cock head against my puckered asshole. Ben took a hold of my arms and head, and held my still. I was attempting to struggle, but Ben held me still. I felt Dan begin to massage and work my asshole with a wet finger. I tried to clinch my asshole to keep him out, but he forced his finger up my ass and tried to loosen me up. I then felt him remove his wet finger, as I felt his hard cock head press against my asshole. I whimpered as I felt him begin to push into my tight asshole. 

I felt my asshole being stretched again, as Dan forced his cock head into my ass. I felt a "pop" as his hard cock head finally worked it's was past my asshole and into my ass. He let his cock head rest for a second, just inside my ass to allow me to get used to the feeling. I whimpered, as I felt him begin to push inch after painful inch of his rock hard cock into my ass. Dan kept a steady but slow pressure as he finally came to a stop with his whole hard cock buried in my ass. I felt his pubic hair tickle my ass cheeks and his balls com to rest against my own.

I had tried to relax my breathing and will myself to relax all of my muscles. I thought if I relaxed, then I would be able to accept his hard cock up my ass, without at much pain. I felt my asshole stretched tight around his cock shaft, as he repositioned himself behind me. He then grabbed my hips and began to pull his cock out of my ass. I was still trying to relax my breathing, as I felt his cock come to rest with just his cock head inside my ass. Dan then gripped my hips tighter as he pushed his hard cock back into my ass. My asshole felt like it was being stretched to the limit.
