 All rights reserved - this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.



It was my 39th birthday and I was coming home from the office. I wasn't really looking forward to a birthday party, but I was hoping for some birthday sex. My wife, Sheila, was an amazing woman and we had a great sex life. Lately she had been talking a lot about fantasies and things that got us both hot. She had opened up to me and told me about her fantasy of seeing me give a blowjob. I was fairly shocked when she said it, but she was blowing me at the time, so it was tough to act offended. Also there was the fact that I wasn't offended at all. I had some strong bisexual urges and had fantasized for years about sucking a man's cock. I had never told anyone....until now.

"Mmmmmm, so what do you think about when you're alone, stroking this big cock and want to cum really hard?" she moaned while pulling me from her mouth, only to take me back in - deep - all the way to the back of her throat.

"You first." I said, hoping to hear something really hot.

"Well.." she said, looking up at me while she stroked my hard shaft. "There is one thing I've been thinking about for a long time. It always makes me cum so hard. But....it's a little wild." She had a definite sparkle in her eye and I was desperate to hear what she had to say. "I have been thinking about seeing you, on your knees, with another man's cock in your mouth. Seeing you suck it, and lick it, and .....Oh is this too much for you?" she asked while looking at my cock, now harder than it had ever been in her hand. "maybe you're not ready for this....."

"Go on." I asked through clenched teeth, trying hard not to cum and ruin the moment. I loved where this was going and I thought my wildest fantasy might have a chance of actually happening.

"Well, in my fantasy you suck him while I stroke his cock and he cums in your mouth. Then we kiss and share the warm load between us." She squeezed my cock hard and it was too much. I came. Shooting jets of cum straight up in the air, falling down on her hand, my cock, and all over my stomach. "Hmmmmm, apparently you aren't completely against the idea?" 

She smirked while she scooped up the drops of white cream and brought them to her mouth. She raised herself and kissed me deeply, passing my own semen back to me in her kiss. My head was spinning. The idea of what she had just said, and the new, unexpected taste of my cum was actually making my hard-on not fade away. I kissed her back, trying to get as much of the cum as I could. She took my cock in her hand and squeezed.

"What's this? You're still hard? Oh my, we have opened up a new door for you haven't we? I guess this might have to become more than a fantasy...." She stepped back, walking to the other side of the room. Not many things can make me as hard as seeing her naked. Her full hips swayed across the room, then she turned to face me. My eyes flowed over her body. From her wide, dark bush that trailed up toward her belly button (I love her natural look), to her large breasts, that sag just perfectly, and have the wide, dark areola that just seem so perfect, so womanly. She raised her arms and I saw that she actually had started growing under-arm hair. I was amazed yet again. There were no bounds to this woman's incredible sensual nature. I groaned and stroked my cock to relieve some of the pressure. "So, you haven't told me about your fantasy....."

I didn't take long to come up with it. "Well, actually, I......I was thinking of something along the same lines, believe it or not. I've had a fantasy for years about servicing an older, alpha-male type. I always thought it would be very hot to share a cock with you, and see what it's like to have a man cum in my mouth..."

"Oh, really? Hmmmm, that does sound a lot like what I was saying doesn't it? I wonder if you know of anyone who could help you with your dirty little fantasy?"

"Well, it is just a fantasy, it doesn't have to actually...."

"Nonsense." She cut me off. "Remember last year when we were in the Barbados, and you let me have that local guy with the giant cock? That was always a fantasy of mine, and you made it happen. Did you like his cock? Do you want to suck a black cock?" She was batting her eyes and approaching me now, playing, teasing. "Should it be a cut cock, or have a nice foreskin for you to suck on?" She traced the veins on my shaft with her fingernail. "Tell me more..."

"I guess....well I always imagined an older white guy, but it doesn't really matter. The guy from our holiday was pretty hot - I couldn't believe that huge cock fit into you. I must admit I did want to taste it, especially after it had been inside you. When he pulled it out, and it was covered in his white cum it looked so good." I was stroking my cock while remembering the encounter. My wife had just started rubbing one of her thick nipples on the tip of my cock and that almost always makes me shoot. "I was a little jealous when you took him in your mouth and sucked all that cream from him."

"Really, I had no idea. I did notice you went down on me awfully quick after he left. I recall thinking that if you liked his cum so much you should have tried some direct from the source. But I never imagined that was really the case. You look like you may cum now.....this is really getting you hot again isn't it?"

"Mmmmm yes, please finish me off.......that's so good." She had covered her nipple in pre-cum and was now offering it to me. I sucked hard on the tip, tasting the sweet fluid from my cock. Moving up I kissed her hard, our tongues twisting together. She moved to my ear and whispered.

"Are you my little cock-sucker?" That was it, I came all over her chest and stomach. She backed up and looked down at the white cream. A stream of it had run down her breast to the tip of her nipple. It looked so perfect, like I had aimed it there. "You know what to do." I did.

We placed an ad on Craigslist:

"Wanted: bi or bi-curious gentleman, over 50, with at least 8 inches. Wife wants to watch as husband sucks your cock and you fill his mouth with cum. No strings attached, and we could make an evening of it. Please send photo."

We started receiving replies almost immediately. I couldn't believe it. At the end of the day we had 23 replies, all with photos, and we sat down to review them. 

"What about him? He seems to have a nice cock." I heard my wife say. What a strange statement to hear form your wife.

"No, he's not big enough, I want a big, alpha-male type."

"His cock is pretty big."

"True."

"OK, how about this guy? He's six foot four."

"Yeah, but I'd like him to be heavier, you know. Broad shouldered, with a big set of balls."

"Whoa, you are getting specific. Sounds like we have our work cut out for us." We flipped through the photos but no one seemed right. The next day we replied to all the ones we didn't like and short-listed a few good ones. Then David sent a message. It was very simple, and polite, and included a photo. "How about this one?"

I looked at the message first:

"Hello, I would love to help you fulfill this fantasy. I have been bi for many years and love to have my nine inches sucked to completion. Please find my photo attached - it was taken this morning. Hope to hear from you soon."

I opened the photo and was speechless. It looked like the man from my fantasy. He was in his late 50's, had a white goatee, and a firm, but protruding belly, and chest hair. His cock hung down over a huge set of low-hanging balls, and was longer than mine when I was hard. He looked tall, masculine, and just like what I had been hoping for.

"He's the one." My wife responded to his email and we arranged a meeting for drinks the next day. 

We waited at the lounge, hoping to catch a glimpse of him as he entered. I had gone to the washroom, and as I returned I saw someone else at our booth, talking to my wife. He was a mountain of a man, bald, older, and very dignified looking in a light blue dress shirt and black pants.

"David, this is my husband, Jeff" My wife introduced us, and he shook my hand. His grip was firm and his hand was huge.

"Nice to meet you." I said, nervous and not knowing what to say.

"The pleasure will be all mine by the sound of it. Your wife is very beautiful, I think you two are a great couple." As I sat down David placed his hand on my thigh, moving it up and down for a moment. I reacted by becoming at least partially hard. His hand moved up and brushed against my erection. "Whoa, what's this?" He gave it a quick squeeze and then removed his hand.

"David was just telling me about how he came to be interested in situations like ours" Sheila said. 

"Oh, I've been bi for as long as I can recall. Always enjoyed women, and have been married for 35 years, but every now and then I need to try other things. My wife understands and lets me out to play from time to time. Tell me how do you feel about trying new things?" David looked into my eyes.

"That's what this is all about." I said, "I've thought about it for a long time, and if it makes my wife happy, I can't wait to see what it's like."

"You mean sucking a cock?" David said it. I had been careful not to get to specific, or graphic, but there it was. "That's what you're talking about isn't it? Sucking my cock until I cum in your mouth? Do you think you can handle it?"

"I, I....I think so." I stammered, taken back by his direct approach.

"You better do more than think you can, son. You're going to need some help, so I hope your beautiful wife is willing to show you the ropes. I'm going to the washroom, care to join me?" I was stunned. I hadn't expected that.

"OK.....I.....sure." I followed him to the men's room, looking back at my wife, I saw her smile at me. We entered the men's room and he went to the urinal. I moved next to him, and he unzipped his trousers, pulling out the longest cock I had ever seen. It was soft, and he held it under the shaft while he started to pee. 

"I know you just peed, so don't bother pretending. Just take a look, check it out and see if it's what you want." I looked directly at him, then down to his penis. It extended at least six inches form his pants, the wide head seemed a little shiny, and a string stream of urine flowed from the tip. "So?"

I was transfixed. I couldn't look away. I wanted him in my mouth so badly at that moment I nearly dropped to my knees at the urinal. That would have been quite a sight for anyone coming in. He finished peeing, shook his cock, and turned to face me. I wanted him badly. I reached out and touched the head with my finger. He was warm, and his cock jumped slightly when I touched it. He zipped up and pulled me into the largest stall. His hand found it's way to my groin and he seemed to hold my entire package in his hand, feeling my hardness. I looked up at him and he surprised me yet again. As he stroked my cock through my pants, I was moving to feel his monster when he lifted my head and kissed me hard. He kissed me with his tongue and ground his cock against my stomach. After my initial surprise I kissed him back. He pulled away and looked down at me. 

"Just one quick one to keep you interested." He said. I wasn't sure what he meant, but then felt him push my head down. I looked down and at some point he had taken his cock out again. He was clearly pushing me down to suck him as I had to so many women over the course of my life. It was all happening so fast. I heard someone enter the washroom as I opened my mouth and enveloped his soft head. It instantly began to harden and I tasted the salt of his sweat. I sucked hard once, trying to enter his pee-hole with the tip of my tongue. Then he pulled away. "Let's get back to your wife."

"So, everything go OK in there?" Sheila smirked, obviously wanting details. I tried to play it cool.

"Fine."

"Your husband just had my cock in his mouth. I think this will work out very well. He seems eager." My jaw dropped. My wife's jaw dropped & I think the bartender might have heard him, as his jaw dropped too. Sheila smiled at me.

"Well let's head to our place." She said, standing to leave. We followed.

When we arrived, we all moved into the living room, and I left to get some drinks. Upon my return I found Sheila standing next to David, she was dwarfed by his size, and her hand was moving to his fly. I watched as she unzipped him, and reached into his pants. David looked down at her as she went after the prize. Pulling him free of the opening, she looked down at the monster in her hand and her eyes opened wide.

"Look at this....oh my god!! Jeff come here." Sheila stroked the cock in her hand, already hardening and already larger than mine. She continued to stroke it, as David ran his hand through her hair. He was as hard as steel in seconds. I looked at the huge cock in her small hand and it seemed amazing. So that was what the mythical "9 inch cock" looked like. Her hand barely circled it as she stroked. His penis stood straight up when she let it go. Veins worked their way up the shaft and the head was a wide, red bell on the end, with a gaping, shiny slit on the tip. The balls hung down low below the masterpiece and my mouth got dry, and then started to water, as I knew what I wanted. "Kneel in front of him, Jeff."

I moved to them and kneeled down, still fully dressed. My wife was stroking his huge cock in front of me, and had started to absent-mindedly pinch her nipple with the other hand. David undid her top and it fell to the floor. Sheila undid her bra and it fell. There, before me was my wife, topless, and this huge alpha-male, his engorged member extending out of his pants, bobbing in front of me. David leaned down and kissed my wife on the lips, she didn't resist and I saw her hand squeeze his cock hard as she went up on her tiptoes to reach him.

"I think it's time for you to feed my cock to your husband." David stated, matter of factly. "He hasn't stopped staring at it since you pulled it out."

"Are you sure he's ready? We should go slow, he's never had another cock in his mouth." Sheila looked up at David, as he pinched her left nipple.

"He's ready, and he had this cock in his mouth a half an hour ago. I can tell he's been thinking about this forever. Haven't you Jeff? Tell your wife what you want."

The huge cock bobbed in front of me. Sheila lowered it so it pointed at my face. There was a large, clear drop of pre-cum on the tip. "I, I think I'm ready. Please Sheila, please let me have his cock." She turned to me, put her hand behind my head, and pulled me to him. I opened my mouth, and she inserted his penis so that the huge head rested on my tongue. I closed my lips around him and sucked the head.

"Mmmmm, that's it. You know what you need to do." David had placed his hand on my head as well and was gently ruffling my hair as he thrust slightly forward, entering my mouth, and allowing me to experience, at long last, a penis in my mouth. The thrill of being on my knees in front of a superior male, servicing his cock, and allowing him to penetrate my mouth seemed so right.

"Look at that. It seems so natural to see him with your cock in his mouth. He loves it. I bet he can't wait to taste your seed." Sheila mused while watching me suck David. "How about it Jeff, are you my little cocksucker? Do you want this big, strong man to cum in your mouth?"

"Mmmmhmmmm." I agreed while sucking feverishly. 

"I don't know, this is an amazing cock, I might need to feel this inside me. What about it David, are you up for fucking me after Jeff gets you started?"

"You can have some of this, but the first load is going straight down his throat. Your husband is about to learn what it means to be a woman, to suck this cock, and swallow my semen. After that I'll take you, and then maybe even him again. Mmmmm, yes, that's it, now suck these nuts!"

I worked on his big balls for a minute or two. They tasted salty, but the musky odor was so manly, so erotic, I nearly came in my pants. I thought about how full of sperm they must be. Before I knew it, his cock was back in my mouth, and he was moving deeper. He was making small thrusting movements, each time going a little deeper. Before too long, I could feel him moving into my throat. The bulb of his cock head pushing into my throat again and again. I learned I didn't have a gag reflex as he started to really fuck my mouth, and my chin was making contact with his tightening balls.

"Oh yes, that's so hot. Use his mouth - fuck it, take your pleasure in his mouth. I love it. I want to see you spurt onto his tongue!!" Sheila was worked up now, and a quick peek revealed she was now nude, and had two fingers working on her incredible pussy. She was pushing my head forward so he went deeper still. "He's a natural cocksucker....look at him." I could tell she was about to cum.

David started making a low guttural noise, and his cock began to swell. I felt him withdraw and hold his thick shaft in his hand, stroking it as if he were masturbating into my mouth. "Get ready for it - I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" I sucked hard on the tip of his cock, nursing as if it were a thick nipple, The shaft jerked in his hand and a warm liquid spurted into my mouth. The first stream hit the roof of my mouth. I didn't know exactly what to do, so I just kept sucking as he kept spurting. I sucked hard and he just pumped my mouth full of his hot sperm. "Oh, oh, oh, oh!! Yes, that's it, take it all. Mmmmmm." David stroked the final stream into my mouth, and withdrew. I literally had a pool of his hot semen on my tongue. I was about to swallow it, the taste was so sweet & salty, so male, and I wanted it in me. Then I remembered my wife. I stood up and kissed her hard, sharing the load between us. Some ran out onto her chest as we swapped his essence back and forth. I felt her swallow and I did the same, moving down to capture the sweet prize running down to her thick, dark nipple. The smell of his cum was heavy in the air and it made me so hot. I couldn't wait to see this monster cock enter my wife.

To be continued....