 All rights reserved - this story is a work of fiction and remains the property of the writer.

*

Sheila looked over at me. We had just finished making love, and I had cum inside her. I lay next to her as she slowly reached down to feel my cock.

"Mmmmm, that was nice. I love feeling your sperm in me." She reached down and I saw her hand move to her pussy. She slid two fingers into herself and withdrew them. They were coated in white cream. "I think you're cumming more than you used to. Look at all this." She raised her fingers to my face, presenting them to my mouth. I took them in and cleaned the semen from her. The taste was familiar. Semen. I had come to know it well in the past few months. I had been eating my own cum from Sheila for quite a while, and accepting it directly from her boss & his mentor, Bill. I had one session with Bill, and knew Sheila was anxious to meet him. I rolled and sucked at her nipple. Her breasts had continued to swell with her pregnancy. I took the long, thick nipple in my mouth and suckled it. Sheila moaned and closed her eyes.

"When was the last time you were with Stan?" I asked after releasing her nipple. I looked down and saw her fingers slowly stroking her clitoris.

"It's been a few days. I sucked his cock on Monday, but he didn't have time to cum. He fucked me last Friday and gave me a proper seeing to." Sheila said, matter of factly as she brought more sperm to my lips. "Look at that, you really filled me up. I think Stan's seed is making you more masculine, is that possible?"

"Mmmmhmmm." I nodded as I savored the semen. "I have been taking in a lot of extra testosterone I guess. Do you think you're ready to meet Bill?"

"Bill? You know I'm dying to meet him. Stan told me he's back in town this weekend. I was hoping to see him soon." She moved down and took me in her mouth, sucking hard on the head of my cock, drawing me to further hardness. "Can you cum again?"

"Oooooh that's so good. I can if you suck the head, and slide a finger into me." I leaned back and concentrated on the sensations I was feeling. Sheila sucked hard on me, and I felt her cool, wet finger touch my anus. "Ooooooh yes, that's it." She stroked me with one hand, sucked my tip, and all of a sudden shoved her finger all the way into me. "Ahh! Ah! Ah! Ooooooh." I came as she penetrated me, the cum blasting form my cock into Sheila's warm mouth.

"Look at you, cumming twice in a half an hour....and so much." Sheila swallowed and looked pleased with herself. "Soooooo, do you think you could call Stan and set something up?"

I lay back and caught my breath. "Don't you see Stan every day? Why don't you just ask him to call Bill for you" I looked up at her, and awaited some sort of smart answer.

"I did. He said he wants to see us both."

The next day I got a text message from Sheila at about 11:00 am. "Come to our office at 6:00 tonight, Bill arrives this afternoon." That was it. I knew this was going to be something new and different, and I could hardly wait. The day dragged on forever, but finally 5:00 came & I left my office, driving to see Stan, Sheila & Bill. My cock was hard on the drive over & was uncomfortable as I knocked on the office door.

I walked into the inner office, and saw Sheila kneeling on the office floor, completely nude, with Stan's cock in her mouth. I was expecting an encounter, but this was more than I was ready for. She holding his long cock in one hand, sucking the tip, and looking over at me. Her huge breasts, swung freely above her belly, the dark, wide areola seeming to contract and harden as she looked in my eyes. I could see her wide, firm ass flexing as she sucked hard on Stan. I nearly came as she waved me over. As I approached I knelt next to her, and kissed her neck, moving to her nipple. I sucked longingly at her breast, causing her to moan on Stan's cock.

"Oh, look at this, Jack. Look at this amazing cock." Sheila held Stan's penis upward, trailing her finger down the shaft, tracing the veins on his erection. "Look at the way it's dripping pre-cum, here.." She ran her enclosed fist up his shaft, bringing a large drop of clear liquid to the tip. Sheila angled the long cock toward me and I leaned in licking the drop form the tip. The taste made my head spin. Offering his cock to me, I took him in my mouth and suckled at his wide head while I squeezed her full breasts. I took him into my throat once, twice, three times before he withdrew. I slid my lips down the side of his shaft as Sheila did the same on her side. Our eyes met over his cock and the look Sheila gave me said it all. My tongue met hers across his large ball sac, we shared a kiss under his shaft. "Let me jerk him off into your mouth." Sheila hissed as she pulled his cock down, aiming it at me. I opened my mouth and looked up at Stan. Sheila worked his cock frantically, stroking it, while holding his balls in the other hand, the tip just barely touching my out-stretched tongue. Stan looked down at me, pleased, and I saw his eyes close.

"Mmmmmm, that's it, here it is....." Sheila squeezed him hard and the first stream of cream flew from his cock. I tried to catch it, but the spurt landed across my cheek, and I took his cock-head between my lips so as not to lose any more for his precious nectar. Sheila stroked him, Stan's cock delivered the load from his balls into my mouth. I waited until he was done, and then sat back, showing them both the load I held on my tongue. My mouth was brimming with semen, as the white pool covered my tongue, and threatened to drip form the corner of my mouth. Sheila leaned in and squeezed the last drop from Stan's huge member onto my tongue. Releasing him, she kissed me hard. I was planning on swallowing my prize, but before I knew it, her tongue was in my mouth, sharing the sweet sperm. We kissed and kissed, swallowing what we could, and pushing his semen from mouth to mouth, savoring the taste and finally breaking our kiss, as we both swallowed what we had managed to recover form each other's mouth.

My head was spinning. I had just walked into the office and I had already blown Stan with my wife. My wife who was now 7 months pregnant with this man's baby. I moved to the couch, sitting back and watching Sheila nurse on Stan's huge, soft cock for a few minutes before releasing him. She stood, I could see her vagina was dripping with her fluid. Stan leaned back against his desk, his long, soft penis hanging over his relaxed balls. He looked amazing. Wearing a dark suit, his fly wide open with his genitals exposed for our pleasure. He looked like the quintessential Alpha Male. Tall, graying hair, large penis, and the power over a married couple, both of us staring at his cock.

"That was good, you've come along way Jack. You're a good cocksucker now. So is your wife." He moved to Sheila, lifting one of her pendulous breasts, and rubbing the nipple with his thumb. "Your wife has been touching me all day, Jack. She sucked my cock this morning at 9, I held her head while I fucked my cock into her mouth and came down her throat. I was fucking her up against my desk this afternoon, my cock was buried inside your wife, and I pulled out suddenly. You know what she did? Your wife begged me to fuck her ass. Begged me to push my fat cock into her tight little asshole. She told me she's never let you fuck her in the ass. Is that true? Well I told her no. She wasn't going to experience that until we all had a chance to get together. Bill will be here soon, and he's going to be very impressed with your wife." Stan pressed his hand against her pussy, Sheila ground against him, a small moan escaping her lips. I couldn't believe she had offered her ass to him. As big as he is. She had always told me that was off limits.

"I'm, I'm sorry Jack, I just....I was carried away. His cock was so big inside me, I was so turned on I just wanted to give him everything, any part of me he might want." She looked almost ashamed as Stan was stroking her clit, making her squirm with delight. "he held my hips and filled me with is cum, holding himself so deep in me, I couldn't believe it. He said he wanted to cum deeper than you ever had. He said Bill would cum even deeper inside me, as if he could shoot his sperm into my womb." Sheila shuddered with the memory and was now stroking Stan's cock, which was (of course) growing hard yet again. "The though of that huge thing buried in me, spurting it's essence into me, giving me his seed, just like he did when he impregnated me, I came so hard. He didn't even pull out, he came in me, then just held me for a minute, and didn't get soft - he just started fucking me again. He came inside me twice before he even pulled out. The semen poured out of my pussy. I wish you were there to clean me up." Sheila held Stan's erection in her hand, stroking it while describing their escapades. I was so hard I had to release my cock for the first time. Opening my fly, I released my hard shaft and moved to Sheila, hoping she would suck me or stroke me, or something. 

She took me in her hand, and held my cock out straight. Bringing me to Stan's cock, she held them head to head, rubbing my pre-cum coated head on Stan's. His cock head was so much wider than mine, so much bigger. The shaft was wide, and covered in thick, protruding veins. My cock seemed to be very small when they were held up against each other.

"Jack, are you listening to me, open your eyes." Sheila said calmly. "I'm going to make you cum, and you're going to cum hard. I want you to shoot as much cum as you can. You'll shoot that cum on Stan's hard cock. Don't start thinking this makes you dominant in any way - because it really doesn't. Look at his huge cock. That's the cock of a man. He's so much more of a man than you it's amazing. You'll cum on his wide cock head just so you can suck it again, and clean your sperm from him. Do you agree?" Sheila stopped stroking me and waited for my reply.

"Yes, I will, yes, please..." I pleaded.

"Yes what? You know what I want to hear."

"Yes, I'll clean your lover's cock, I'll clean my cum from him. He's the Alpha male, he's the man in this situation. Please, please - I need this." I was begging now. I didn't mind her telling me I', second to Stan, she was right. Any man with a huge, dominant cock, and the enormous balls to support it, deserves to be my better. To make love to my wife. Cum inside her & leave his seed in her. I felt honored to serve him. Sheila began squeezing my shaft, hard. She brought my cock to Stan's and placed the tip of my tiny penis on his wide, dark red glans. With one pump I shuddered and came. My cum spurting from my penis and pooling on his cock. "Oooooh yes, that's so, so good. Thank you. Thank you."

"Now your now what to do." Sheila wanted to see me finish this job. I was proud to do so.

"Jack, I'm impressed by your load, you've come a long way, but you must still service me, service my powerful male cock. Suck me. Suck that semen from me, and if you do a good enough job I may have something for you. Would you like some of my potent semen as well?"

"yes, please." I was kneeling now, trying to take his thick cock in my mouth. It bobbed before me, held by Sheila, the white, pearly sperm oozing down the sides of his massive helmet.

"Lick the sperm from him." Sheila commanded. I leaned in and took his cock in my mouth, sucking hard. I cleaned it of all of my cum, and held it in my mouth. "how does that taste?"

I swallowed the semen I had ejaculated moments earlier. "Salty, and warm, it tastes like it should. I love the taste."

"Now try this." Sheila held Stan's cock upward, and ran her finger up the vein under the wide shaft, stopping at the tip, she pressed hard where his head met the shaft. Quickly she lowered the cock to my mouth, and he came. Just like that. I engulfed his spasming penis in my mouth and took his load. The first spurt hit the roof of my mouth hard, and then he just kept cumming. She squeezed the final rope out of him, and pulled him back. My mouth was swimming with his semen. There was no way he should be able to produce this much cum after having sex all day. He was a true bull. My bull. "How does that taste?"

I rolled his load around my mouth before swallowing it down. The though of his potent sperm swimming down my throat as I accepted it made me so horny. "I have to say it tastes different than mine. More of a sweet flavor, but so hot, it's noticeably hotter and there's so much more of it. It's like the manly musk from Stan's balls, it's just so....masculine.". I stood and moved to the couch, losing the rest of my clothes. Sheila stood beside Stan, running her hands all over his body. He stopped and removed his clothes. Standing nude before me, next to my wife, I had to admit I didn't know what to look at. Her breasts were full, hanging slightly and capped by wide, dark areola that looked so good. Her nice hips framed that full bush, and the moisture of her neglected pussy clung to her pubic hair. Then there was Stan. His body so powerful, and masculine. His wide chest, and nice protruding belly covered with fine hair, which trailed down to his pubic area. The shaft of his cock hung down over his low hanging sac. Seeing his huge genitals next to my wife's needing pussy, I knew I had to see him inside her. I knew she needed him in her. They didn't look at me. She looked up at him, and he pushed her to her knees. Sheila took his penis in her mouth and sucked him. Her cheeks hollowed as she made love to his penis with her mouth. In short order he was erect. His proud cock standing up, veins throbbing on it's sides, the hard, dark red head stretching upward, his large scrotum hanging loosely below. Sheila stood, never releasing his cock. Stan turned her around.

Pressing himself to her, his large cock ran up between her buttocks. He reached around her supporting her full breasts with his hands, tweaking her nipples, he drew a low moan from Sheila. As her nipples grew hard, her hips started to move. Writhing up and down, she stroked his cock with her ass.

"Fuck me! Fuck me now!" Sheila demanded as Stan pushed her downward over his desk. She was bent over it now, her beautiful vagina exposed fully to my view. The wide globes of her ass framed the dark, hairy place that was so wet it was dripping with her fluid. Stan held his cock in one hand and brought it to her. Introducing the tip, he rubbed it in her wetness, making his glans shiny with her juices.

"Jack I'm going to take your wife now. She'll be receiving my cock, and I want you to help us. Move over here and lick my balls and ass as I penetrate your wife, giving her the cock she needs."

I moved to the floor behind them, and looked up from beneath as Stan pushed his rock-hard erection into my wife. The tip entered her, and stretched her labia wide as he pushed forward, driving himself in her to the hilt. His balls pushed up against her as he paused, enjoying the tightness and wet warmth of her most intimate place.

"Oh! Ooooooh that's so goooood. You're in me sooo deep Stan. I've missed this so much." Sheila was moaning, and panting with lust.

I looked up at Stan's large balls. They hung down from his body and seemed so full of promise, so full of life. I went to work licking them, taking one then the other into my mouth. Moving upward I pushed my tongue in to Stan's ass. His reaction was sharp and immediate.

"Uh. You're getting the idea Jack. If you want me to cum inside your sweet wife, you'll have to make me feel good. Keep it up."

I held his balls as he drove himself into Sheila again and again. Working my tongue up his ass I paid extra attention to this part of him that clearly held the key to his pleasure. Licking, pushing my tongue into him, it all brought moans of desire form him, and it made me proud. I went back to work worshipping his huge balls, licking them, sucking them, and slipped a finger into his ass.

"Oh, that's good. A little deeper." Stan encouraged as I made love to his balls. I moved my finger into him again, then tried two fingers. "Ooooh ah, don't start thinking you're going to fuck me Jack. I like the finger, but don't forget who's in charge here. Uh Uh uh!" Stan was really giving it to Sheila now. She was cumming hard for the second time, and he started to grind deep within her. I pressed my ring finger as deeply as I could into him and rubbed his prostate, causing the desired effect. I felt him clench tight and he started to deliver his precious seed into my wife. "Ooooh here it is! I'm cumming!" Stan groaned deeply as he held himself still within Sheila, only his cock throbbed as it pumped and pumped his sperm into her. I held his balls and felt them do their job, shooting semen deep inside my beautiful wife. Six, seven, eight strong bursts, followed by a shudder that seemed to come from deep within him. After a couple of seconds to enjoy the sensation, Stan pulled completely out of Sheila, moved to the couch and left me on my knees, facing my wife's vagina, open, red, and swollen, with a large amount of bright white semen contrasting the dark hair. I looked up at Sheila, past her large belly, her eyes met mine and she indicated to me that I should begin.

"Make me cum again, now." She held her thighs wide with both hands and exposed herself completely to me. I leaned forward and picked up the large drop of sperm with my tongue, relishing the taste, I watched as Sheila bore down and produced more sperm from her pussy. With one final push, a river of white cream flowed from her, trailing down to her anus. I wasted no time in cleaning her. Concentrating on her clit, the mixture of Stan's cum and her juices made things so slippery it was easy to bring her off. 

Then the door opened. Bill walked in and took in the sight before him.

I looked over toward the sound I heard and there he stood. Bill was wearing a black suit - a power suit, and was loosening his tie. He stood at least six foot-four, and seemed huge to me, as I was on my knees. I looked up at him and his eyes were locked on my wife. No surprise as she was laid out before him, legs spread wide, huge breasts falling to the side of her chest, dark nipples hard as can be. She ran her hands up her thighs and covered her vagina. I looked over at her, my attention drawn by the quick movement, and saw her look momentarily scared, and then relax as she decided this must be Bill. Her hand stayed over her crotch, but the other moved up to pinch her nipples as she sat up on the desk. Bill obviously liked what he saw as he stroked himself through his slacks.

"Jack, come here, take my cock out of my pants." I moved to him and lowered the zipper on his pants. I reached in and felt for his package. Moving his shorts aside, I grasped his cock, which was soft, and I had forgotten how thick it was. I lifted it free of his fly, and reached in to bring his big sac out as well. I sat back on my haunches and looked at this man before me. He stood tall in his suit, his long, thick cock hanging out of the opening in his pants, hands on hips. "You must be the woman I keep hearing about. Sheila. Is it true that my prot‚g‚ Stan made you pregnant?"

"Yes, yes, sir." My wife was pulling on her nipple, staring at his massive member. Her mouth had dropped open for a moment, but she was regaining her composure. "Yes, Stan has been very good to me. It's been a real pleasure working here." She looked over at Stan on the couch, he was stroking his cock, and it was growing.

"Tell me young lady, do you like large cocks?" Bill motioned downward to his own exposed penis. The thick shaft showing the veins as it filled with blood. The hood covered the wide head, but the tip was starting to emerge. "Did Stan treat you right?"

"Oh yes." Sheila smiled, "He did a great job. He made me feel so full the first time he took me. I had never felt that way before. My husband doesn't have the same size Stan has. But you.....you seem even bigger....is that possible?"
