 You found a young stud with a big hard cock and brought him home tonight. I'm waiting in the bedroom, naked except for my little assless panties and a leather collar. I hear you come in and I'm already getting hard with anticipation.

After what seems like forever you finally come in. You are wearing your little leather skirt and a low cut top and are leading him in by his hand. He is wearing only a pair of silky short briefs. My eyes are immediately drawn to his big bulge that is framed nicely by his flat tan stomach and thick muscled hips. His briefs are stretched by his big dick with the shape clearly outlined under the thin silky cloth.

You don't say a word, you just simply walk up to me and grab me by the collar and pull me forward and down to my knees right in front of his gorgeous crotch. My own cock bulges in my little panties even harder as I get close to this stud's dick. You push my face forward right into his crotch. I can feel the shape of his big cock against my face. I feel the heat. I smell his manhood. I feel his thick sack and large balls. I feel him hardening as my face rubs up and down his big cock.

You push my face deeper into his warm crotch so his smooth thighs wrap around my cheeks and my nose buries into his balls. My tongue begins to dart gently over his legs at the seam of his underwear. I push in deeper as my tongue and lips run across his balls and then over to his taint and tight ass. He lets out a small groan as his 9" cock begins to grow to its full size.

You pull me back and make me stare at his growing bulge. Then you push me back in to the top of his briefs and his smooth stomach. My nose buries into his bellybutton as I kiss and taste his sweat and feel his waste band with my lower lip. My hands slowly raise up the back of his strong legs to his tight ass. My hands squeeze and spread his hard cheeks under the silky cloth.

You don't say a word, but as my lips run back and forth across his taught abs, you slowly start to pull his waste band down revealing a smooth shaved pubic region. My tongue drags down the smooth skin tasting and smelling his musk and feeling his ever hardening cock on my chin. All the way down to top of his thick shaft. Then you pull me down to his covered package and rub my face all over his slick briefs and thick dick. 

As I'm rubbing over his balls and cock you pull the briefs slowly down revealing his cock slowly inch by inch. His white thick cock bulges with throbbing veins and I slowly drag my lips over the top of his shaft tasting his sweaty manhood. My own cock is now throbbing with excitement and leaking precum into my panties. He moans as his large bulbous head begins to emerge and my tongue darts over its soft edge.

Finally his full cock springs out unleashed from its tight confines and smacks hard against my face. You grab my collar and force my lips to run all the way up and down the side of his hardening shaft. Then to the end I run my tongue all over his beautiful soft head and he moans and thrusts his hips into my face. Then back down to the base where you have pulled out his smooth shaved balls. I bury my face into that hot sack tasting and smelling his musky balls. I opened wide and took both balls into my mouth. I held them there for minutes letting my tongue flick over them and pulling on the sack with my lips. His moans grew louder as his cock got even harder, now some precum dripping from its tip.

Then you pulled me up to the head again and held me there as I reached up and squeezed a huge glob of precum onto my tongue. The clear sweet sticky juice tasted so good as I played with it over my tongue and lips. You shoved my head forward and my lips parted around his large head. Back and forth you pushed me just taking in a few inches as I let my lips loosely flow over his big dick and my tongue rolling around his bulging veins. I looked up at him, his eyes closed, his mouth agape and groaning. 

After a few minutes of shallow sucking I felt his strong hands grab my hair and pull in. Now his big 9" cock was full size and hard as a rock. It was so thick it barely fit in my mouth and stretched my jaws wide. His powerful grip pulled me in hard and deep and his head was now hitting the back of my throat over and over, just enough to mildly gag me. I started drooling over his big shaft and strings of saliva dripped from my lips and his juicy dick. He pulled my hair even harder sending sharp pains of pleasure through my head and shoved his cock all the way in. My forehead was resting on his smooth pubes and his balls on my chin. Inside my throat I could feel his shaft throbbing as he held it there until I almost choked.

Now you are just watching slowly rubbing your clit as he pulls me down to his balls again. His briefs have fallen to the floor and now I have full access to his balls and to his taint where my tongue darts quickly tasting the even muskier area. He pulled me in deeper until my tongue is flicking over his tight little asshole. I lick it harder and harder until I penetrate him and taste his sweet ass. I grab his cheeks for leverage and bury my tongue as deep as I can provoking long moans of pleasure. He pulls me back by my hair to the tip of his big cock and squeezes the largest glob of precum I've ever seen onto my lips and tongue.

He begins to thrust his hips powerfully against my face and starts to fuck my mouth deep and hard. His cock tastes so good, I'm moaning, drooling, grabbing his ass, and pulling his sack down as he moans and thrusts. He thrusts so hard his balls are slapping hard against my chin. Every 5 or 6 strokes he pulls harder and buries his full cock deep into my throat. His huge dick throbs and leaks gobs of precum into my hungry mouth. I'm wanting his full load of cum so bad I can taste it, my own cock was so hard it had poked out of my panties.

But he's not ready yet, instead he pulls me down to his balls for some more sucking then to his sweet ass to taste his juices and penetrate him deeply with my tongue. I wrap my hand around his shaft and start to gently stroke while my other hand rubs up and down his belly to his nipples gently pinching them. Now I'm so hungry for his cock I pull back and start to thrust deeply down onto his cock fucking him with my mouth. Harder and deeper I suck him in pushing all the way down while grabbing his tight ass for leverage and spreading his muscled cheeks. 

He's moaning louder now, and throbbing so hard I can feel it through my cheeks face making my eyes water. I suck him to the point of exploding then forcefully squeeze him at the base of his cock and pull off looking at him while my tongue darts gently over his head. A small drip of hot cum leaks out and I taste it, hot and salty. I play with the little drop over my lips, my teeth, and my tongue. He looked down at me and grabbed his cock rubbing it over my face with my wet saliva and his precum juices covering my face.

I grabbed his tightening sack and pulled, then ran my finger over his taint up to his moistened asshole. I pushed and my finger slid in up to the 2nd knuckle. He groaned and threw his head back. He grabs me by the sides of my head with both hands in a vice grip and shoves his throbbing dripping cock down my wet inviting mouth. I push my finger the rest of the way in rubbing over his p-spot while he fucks and pounds my mouth with all of his strength. His cock is ramming down my throat and his balls and hips slap against my face. He pushes me back up against the bed, fucking me harder and harder. I take it all in, sucking and licking, gagging and drooling. I make wet choking sounds with every thrust and saliva is dripping from my chin. You are rubbing your clit so hard now that you start to cum.

I feel his cock start to engorge growing impossibly even bigger. It is pulsing and throbbing with large spasms and I can feel more juices leaking deep into my throat. You moan and tell him to blow his hot fucking load into my mouth and he groans in agreement and I join him grabbing his ass with my free hand to keep him in. I want it like nothing I've ever wanted and I am beginning to taste it. He throws his head back and begins to moan loudly then looks down at me and screams at me to take his hot load of cum calling me a slut and a whore. He pulls out just a little into my mouth and then I feel it exploding. 

The first squirt is huge and powerful shooting hard to the back of my throat and filling it completely. Hot salty sticky cum fills me and it is all I can taste, smell, and feel. Two smaller but faster and harder streams of cum shoot into my mouth filling the area around my teeth and tongue. He moans harder and pulls my hair so hard I think he means to pull it out. So much cum is already in my mouth it begins to leak out a little down my chin. He then thrusts hard pushing a huge load of cum down my throat and I eagerly swallow it down almost choking and then a another big glob erupts down the back of my throat.

He pulls out quickly, pulls my head back, and starts to violently stroke his gorgeous cock. Three hot loads of jizz shoot out over my face and lips as I look up helplessly, my mouth still full of hot cum as I roll my tongue through it. His whole body is tight as steel as I continue to jam my finger deep into his ass. He grunts as a smaller squirt shoots right into my mouth. He slows down and strokes deep long strokes as 5 more blobs of cum ooze out and drip down into my waiting throat. I have to swallow more just to make room for his hot load. He starts rubbing his thick head over my face scooping up the cum on my face and pushing it onto my tongue. Swallow my hot load of cum you slutty bitch he screams at me as you cum again from rubbing your clit and watching me take every drop of his juicy load.

I swallow the rest and squeeze out a few final large globs that I eagerly lick off the tip of his dick. Then I slowly suck him some more trying to get the last taste of that delicious cock and cum. My mouth feels tingly and dry while my throat is sticky and not fully clear. I savor the delicious taste of his cum and cock over and over. I slowly pull my finger out of his tight ass and suck his ass juices off of it.

My cock is now in my hand as I start to stroke it. I lick my own precum off my fingers. You are both watching me, calling me a cum slut and a cum whore. My face glistens with the sheen of his hot jizz as I suck more and more of my precum from my fingers. I'm so turned on I can't hold on long, already some white thick cum is starting to leak out. In a few minutes I let out a loud moan as cum erupts from my own throbbing hard cock. The cum squirts out in huge gushes over my hand dripping down to my balls and belly. I greedily grab it up in my fingers and suck down my own cum. I love the taste as you tell me to eat it all.

I feel so full and satisfied but I almost feel sad there is no more. You tell me I'm a good cum slut and give me a long deep kiss tasting all the cum on my breath. I grab his slowly softening cock one last time for one final drop of his sticky cum.