 Hello lovely readers and welcome to yet another interesting chapter of this lovely series. Thank you for your support and your great love. Hope this chapter will be really interesting. Don't forget to drop your comments about this chapter and rate. I love you.

Enjoy...

*****

Gabriel parked his car right outside the entrance to the beautiful white mansion. He took out his keys and got out of the car. Then he fixed himself up, making sure that he was looking perfect so that no one could suspect anything. Then he started making his way into the beautiful mansion.

He had come home really late, later than he had expected. It was almost 3 in the morning but it was definitely the perfect time. When he entered the mansion and rushed towards the living room, he found no one there. It was expected since he didn't expect anyone to wait for him or to be awake at that particular time.

Gabriel rushed up the stairs to his and Angelo's room but came down shouting a few minutes later. He was breathing harshly and he was rushing down the stairs as if he was in a hurry. Gabriel quickly rushed down the stairs, still shouting Angelo's name. He was not in his room and he sounded really worried after checking all the places he had expected him to be.

After a few seconds, Gabriel heard footsteps rushing towards him and when he looked, he saw the worried looking Alicia with her son and some of the housemaids and servants. They were all in pajamas and looked even more worried.

"Gabriel!" Alicia gasped as soon as she saw him and the way he was looking like. "What is going on? Why are you shouting out like this and..."

"Angelo!" That was the only word that came out of his mouth. He sounded really worried.

"Angelo?" Alicia frowned, trying to get to him. "What's wrong with him? Is he alright because..."

"He isn't in our room?" Gabriel quavered, looking at the woman. "I came back a few minutes ago to find if he was sleeping but he isn't in our room and..."

"What?" Alicia's heart gave a sharp pound. "That isn't possible." She shook her head. "Angelo never leaves the mansion at night. He couldn't have and... have you checked everywhere? Maybe he is outside or something and..."

"No!" Gabriel shook his head. "I have checked everywhere and..."

"No!" She still couldn't believe Angelo could leave the house at that hour. "Angelo couldn't have and where..."

"I went to see a really sick friend." Gabriel hit his head, breathing harshly. "I told him I would be back later and that he should eat his dinner and go to sleep. There was just a lot that I had to do for my friend and when I came back..."

"This is impossible." Alicia felt tears building in his eyes especially after what had been going on in his life lately. "Who knows where he is? What if..."

"Mother," Joe gripped his mother tightly, bringing her closer to him. "You shouldn't panic. Maybe Angelo has just gone out and..."

"At this time?" Alicia raised her voice slightly, pulling away from him. She didn't even realize that she was trembling. "What could he be up to and where is he? He never ever leaves this house and..." She gulped. "Call him right now." She moved towards Gabriel. "I want you to call him."

Gabriel quickly nodded and pulled his phone from his pocket. He quickly started dialing Angelo's number but something happened, something that scared all of them. The phone rang quite alright. But the phone was ringing right in the living room on the couch where he had been sitting the night before. When they saw that, they really got worried.

Alicia quickly rushed to the couch and took the phone in her hands, trembling like a leaf. She moved her eyes to the rest of the people in the living room. "He left his phone here? Where... where could he be?"

"I don't know." Gabriel sighed, slowly rubbing on his head. He sounded really scared. "Maybe he is here around somewhere. I will go and ask the guards or any of the drivers." He quickly started rushing out of the living room.

"No, sir..." Joe said quickly. "I will go and call them. You just stay here."

Gabriel stopped and nodded. Joe quickly rushed outside and came back with all the seven guards and four drivers. They all came inside and bowed their heads.

"Yes, sir..." They answered. "You called us."

"Yes!" he said impatiently, moving closer towards them. "Have any of you seen your boss anywhere around the house or did he leave this place somehow?"

The two drivers looked at each other and then at Gabriel. "Yes, sir..."

"You did." Alicia said impatiently, moving closer to them. "Where? We are looking for him right now. Please. Tell us where he is so that we can go and look for him."

"He just took the car keys and left." One of the drivers said. "He seemed to be really in a hurry and we couldn't do anything to stop him."

"What?" Gabriel gasped, his voice sounding a bit shaky. "Angelo took the car keys and left? That doesn't sound like him at all. He never drives on his own and..."

"When was this?" Alicia asked. "When did he leave?"

"Between 7 and 8.pm." They both answered, bowing their heads.

Alicia felt like her strength left her. "7 and 8?" She gasped, feeling more tears building in her eyes. "Where could he be by this time? He didn't even tell anyone he was going out. This is so not like him at all. You know the condition he is in."

"Calm down, mother," Joe gasped, rubbing on his mother's shoulder. "You shouldn't panic at all. I am sure that he had something important to do."

"What?" She literally yelled. "What could he have had to do when all of you know what happens when he tries to work hard. And what can he be doing for many hours right now? I am really scared and I am..."

"Alicia, please..."

"Let's call the police." She suggested as a tear dropped to her cheeks. "We should call them right now. They should find him as soon as possible."

"What?" Gabriel literally yelled. "Why should we call the police? Nothing has happened to my husband and I bet he is..."

"I didn't say anything has happened to him." Alicia sobbed softly. "I am just really scared right now. What if..."

"He will come back to me." Gabriel assured. "I know how Angelo really is. I know he will be back by tomorrow morning. I trust in my husband and my love for him."

"Where could he have gone?" Alicia sobbed softly, dropping to her knees. "I am really scared of what is going to happen. He doesn't go out at night and all of you know that this is the truth."

Joe knelt down in front of his mother and cupped her cheeks, rubbing on them sweetly. "Mother, try to calm down. Sir Gabriel is absolutely right. Nothing is going to happen to Angelo. He will be back here before we know it."

Alicia raised her face and looked into her son's eyes, cupping his cheeks. She then slowly rubbed her tears and got up from the floor. Her son was still holding on tightly to her. She was really, really scared of what was going to happen if Angelo didn't come back. She knew him very well and hence the reason why she was panicking.

"Guess all of you are absolutely right." She said with a faint smile. "My Angelo will probably be here by tomorrow morning. Nothing is gonna happen to him because he is fierce and strong. Nothing can ever happen to him."

"Yes!" Gabriel shook his head, taking a deep breath. "Let's just wait for him. You will see. My husband will be back by tomorrow morning." He reassured.

They all nodded and then went back to sit on the couches. The tension among them could be felt surrounding them. No one was able to utter any word to anyone. They all had their eyes on the time, which was passing really quickly.

Their hearts were pounding... their breaths were really harsh... their entire bodies were trembling even though they were trying to encourage each other to stay calm. After what felt like hours and hours of impatiently waiting, morning finally came.

The day got brighter and the sun was rising. It was now 7.am and they were all still quiet, impatiently waiting for Angelo to come but there was just no sign of him. He didn't call... he didn't even text and they didn't even hear anything about him so it was really scary. So many things were going on in their minds.

"Fuck!" Gabriel furiously got up from the couch, pulling his phone from the pocket.

He quickly started dialing a number and finally called it. It wasn't long before Gabriel heard the phone ringing.

"Yes! Hello!" He waited for a little while. "Have you seen Angelo? He's been missing since last night." He again waited and the people could see his face getting blank. "Okay! Thanks. Please, call me when you have heard something, okay?"

He cut the call and sighed, dialing another number but got the same response as the first one. Everyone could see the worry in Gabriel's face and they got even more worried. Alicia didn't want to believe that was happening.

She went to Gabriel quickly. "What have they been..."

"Alicia..." He said impatiently, gripping his hair harder. "...none of them have seen him. They haven't heard from him and..."

"What about Jack? He could have been..."

"He was the first person I called." He sighed, typing a text on his phone. "He didn't go there and..."

"You see," She said as a tear dropped to her cheek. "I told you Angelo never leaves this mansion at night. Who knows where he is and what he is going through?"

"Don't worry," Gabriel moved his worried face towards Alicia. "I will find him and bring him home."

"How?"

"I will go out and look for him. I have just texted Jack and the two of us are gonna look for him or his car. We will find him." He cupped her hands, softly rubbing on them. "Meanwhile, you can call everyone that he knows and his entire employees. If you don't find anything then..." He paused, taking a gloomy sigh. "...you can call the police."

Alicia sighed and then nodded. "Find him, please. I know your love will be able to find him. We will do as 

you say but please, update us with everything and we will do the same with you."

"I will do that." Gabriel promised, taking a really deep breath. "I have to leave now."

Without taking any more time, Gabriel took his car keys and left the mansion. Everyone else could see that Angelo's husband was trying his best to keep calm but they all knew he was really worried. They were all hoping for him to find him.

"I hope you find him." Alicia prayed in her heart. "I need him back home."

***

Angelo slowly opened his eyes and he was hit by a small headache which felt as if he had been hit by something really heavy. He couldn't see clearly because his vision was not really clear at all. He could still feel that he was a little dizzy and his body was a little weak. He didn't know what was happening to him and he couldn't see clearly but he could feel he was lying on something really cold. He could feel it on his skin.

"Where... where am I?" He stuttered, trying to get up but his strength completely failed him.

Angelo's heart was beating slowly... his breaths were slow and so was everything. He just wanted to know what was really happening to him and why he was where he was but his vision was not clearly and where he was wasn't really that bright.

Angelo just stopped whatever he was doing and lay there, trying to catch his breath and praying to be totally fine. After what felt like hours of lying there, Angelo suddenly opened his eyes once again. His vision blurred for a few seconds but things started clearing once again and he was able to see everything wonderfully and clearly.

When Angelo opened his eyes, he realized that he was lying on a concrete floor which was a little cold. He slowly moved his eyes around and saw the place where he was. It was a small room which didn't look good at all. There was just one small bulb which wasn't even providing much light. The room wasn't even in a good condition.

The room was filled with some boxes, dry grass which was scattered all over the floor and old furniture which was just little. It didn't smell that good but at least he was able to breathe just fine.

Angelo slowly started getting up, trying to gather his strength. His strength seemed to have come back and he was able to get up and look all around him. He seemed to have been in a dirty old brick room which was probably part of an old building or a house according to what he saw. In the room that he was in, there were iron sheets above him which seemed a little old and there were definitely no windows in that room. The only thing he saw were little dirty vents probably to allow air inside.

"What... what?" He gasped, moving his eyes around. His pure white shirt seemed really dirty and he definitely didn't appreciate it. "How did I get here?"

But upon that question, Angelo remembered what had happened. He went down excruciatingly painful memory lane, remembering how he had found his husband and his best friend, the people he had trusted the most kissing each other and betraying him. He almost cried but he probably didn't have time for that. He needed to find out what was going on there.

Then he continued remembering what had happened. He remembered that someone had probably drugged him and made him pass out. And then...

"Am I kidnapped?" He gasped, feeling his heart give a really sharp pound. "But who could have done this to me?"

Angelo moved his eyes around and saw the wooden old door on his left. He slowly rushed towards it and started pounding on it with all his might. He kicked... he pounded. All he wanted was to get out of there and survive everything.

"Hello!" His voice quavered. "Is somebody out there?" He shouted. "Open this door and get me out of here. I am commanding you to open this door right now." He pounded on the door with his entire strength. "Why did you bring me here?"

Angelo heard some deep manly voices outside laughing manically. It wasn't long before he felt footsteps rushing towards the door. Then he heard the key moving and he slowly moved away from the door, dying to see who had the nerves to kidnap him.

Then suddenly, the door opened widely revealing a tall man who looked scary beyond all reasons. He was thick and had a bush on his face. He had a gun with him and that smirk on his face got Angelo a bit scared. He seemed dirty and the other man dirty blonde thug was no different from him.

"Wow! Finally," The dirty blonde thug laughed manically, staring at Angelo. "The beautiful king has finally woken up. Welcome to your castle," He bowed, chuckling softly. "Your highness..."

"Who are you?" Angelo asked in a confident voice. "Why did you bring me here?"

"Isn't obvious, your highness?" One of them laughed manically, rubbing on his weapon. "You have been kidnapped."

"What?" He gasped, taking a few steps behind. "Who ordered you to kidnap me? I want you to get me out of here right now."

"What? Are you ordering us?" They laughed manically, moving closer to him. He didn't like the way they were making him feel. "Why would you want to leave so soon? We thought you'd spend some time with us, uh."

"Get me out of here." He commanded. "I am really rich. I can pay you any amount of money you want right now. I need to leave this place as soon as..."

"You aren't getting out of here, sexy boy." The huge man spoke, eyeing him. "You are gonna stay here with us, entertaining us."

"I want out. Please."

"No!" They laughed. "We are taking fun in seeing you here."

"I need to..."

"Shut up!" One of them roared. "You aren't getting the fuck out of here so get that into your thick skull because you are gonna stay here with us."

Angelo couldn't believe how scary the two guys were but mostly they were really disgusting. Just seeing them made his entire body itch. He didn't know who had kidnapped him but he needed to get out of there. He had a lot of things to do so he had to get out of there.

With a deep sigh, Angelo started running towards them with the intention of passing between them and out of that place. But before he even had the chance to do so, one of the gripped his arm so hard, it hurt. He held him tighter, bringing him closer to his dirty stinking body.

"Don't get any funny ideas here." The huge man holding him warned, gripping his arm tighter. "You better cooperate or you are gonna regret it for the rest of your life."

"Let me go you are hurting me." He said harshly, twisting his arm from side to side. But the only thing that the thug did was laugh his lungs out. "You are gonna regret this when I get out of here. You better let me go or I will make you pay..."

"You?" They laughed. "You definitely have no idea what we can do?"

"Who sent you?" He hit on the man's chest as hard as he could. "Tell me the bastard that had told you to kidnap me. You better call him and tell him to release me or there is gonna be trouble for him okay."

"You talk too much for a kidnapped boy." The man roared, twisting his arm. He winced out in pain, hitting the huge man harder on the chest. "Now shut the fuck up. You don't want anything to happen to that sweet face of yours, do you?"

"You dirty pig." He yelled, feeling his heart pounding deeper in his chest. "Let me go."

"Hmm, you are kinda cute." The man roared, snapping his teeth at Angelo. "I haven't seen..."

"Let me go right now." He said in a commanding voice, looking at the man without fear.

The man laughed manically, breathing on Angelo's face. His breath was stinking of cigarette smoke and mouth odor. It was just disgusting that he removed his face away from that dirty idiot.

"As you wish."

The man laughed and threw him hard on the floor. He hit his arm and it kinda hurt. He slowly sat up, holding his arm tightly. He didn't like the situation he was in. Breathing like a predator, Angelo moved his face furiously at the man that had thrown him on the floor, giving him a bitter look of hatred. He hated him so much.

"Now you better shut up your mouth or we are gonna do it for you." They warned.

After laughing sinisterly, they both left and locked the door on their way out. Angelo quickly rushed to the door and tried the knob but the door was shut from outside. He moved quickly from there and looked all around to see if he could escape but there was definitely no place for him where he would escape from.

Angelo was somehow scared even though he was trying to make himself strong by encouraging himself. But he couldn't do it. There was just so much that was in his mind. He moved to a corner and sat on a number of boxes, looking all around.

First Angelo had no idea who had ordered his kidnap. He had no idea why they would want to do that. As it was, he was having trouble with his husband and his best friend. Did that have to come and make his life miserable too? He didn't really appreciate it.

"Where am I?" He thought, looking all around himself.

Angelo had no idea where he definitely was. He couldn't hear any cars or noise from outside but the only thing he knew was that he was not anywhere near town or near the road. He could tell from all the quietness. The only thing he knew was that he was really in trouble and had no idea how to get out of that trouble that he was in.

"How do I get out of here?"

Angelo buried his face between his palms and just thought while trying to push the pain that was slowly coming to him away.

***

"Okay." Alicia said sadly, moving the phone away from her ears.

"Any news, mother?" Joe asked, rubbing on her shoulder. "Have you found out anything?"

"Nothing..." She sighed, shaking her head. "No one has seen or heard from him in a really long time. But they have promised to call us if he shows up or they see him anywhere."

"We have called everyone." Joe said. Even though Angelo was bitter and he somehow hated him, Joe was worried about him. "What are we gonna do now? Should we call the police and inform them about what is happening here?"
