 Hello and welcome to the second chapter of my new series. Before I go into writing, I would really love to thank you guys for your great love for my stories and me. Words cannot express how thankful I am. You guys are my inspiration and have turned me into a better writer. I was an amateur and got many negative views but now I am getting better.

I just hope this chapter will be really interesting to you guys. Don't forget to drop your comments about this chapter. I really love guys a lot. Happy reading...

*****

Gabriel was seated on the couch, staring at the huge white tiled floor. He had his mind set on what had happened earlier trying to understand what really was going on. There was just so much in his mind that he couldn't even think properly. The first time he had asked about changing the name, Angelo hadn't reacted like that. In fact, he even got more surprised after finding out about his husband's reaction. It was all knew to him.

"I will never, ever change my name." Angelo's voice rang through his mind. "Always remember these words."

Gabriel had never seen Angelo react like that. It brought surprise, fear and even shock. He knew he had provoked him and shouldn't have asked that in the first place. But he just wanted to make him his completely.

"Fuck!" he sighed, passing his fingers through his hair. "What am I supposed to do now?"

Gabriel knew very well that he had to apologize to Angelo and make him feel better. That had never happened since their marriage so it got him really worried. He just didn't know what Angelo was going through and how his mood was so... he got a little scared.

"I need to apologize to him." He sighed. "I can't bear to have him mad at me. I really, really have to make sure that he forgives me."

Taking a deep sigh, Gabriel raised his eyes to find Alicia rushing towards the living room. She had her eyes on him and she really seemed worried. The worry in her eyes and on her face couldn't be masked at all.

"Gabriel?" Alicia called softly, getting closer to him. "I heard voices, Angelo's angry voice. What's going on? Did you two have a fight or what?"

Gabriel moved his eyes to Alicia and shook his head. "I think I might have really messed up this time." He spoke softly, trying to hide his shaky hands. "I messed up and..."

"What? Why?" She breathed. "What did you do to him or..."

"Alicia!" He took a really deep sigh. "I asked Angelo to change his name to Harrington, my name because I am his husband. He...he..." He paused, gesturing with his hands. "He... lost his temper and snapped at me. He..."

"Oh!" Alicia covered her mouth, still staring at him. "I am sorry to hear about that, Gabriel. But the truth is," She paused, taking a seat near him. "Angelo has really been through a lot since his parents died. He has lost a part of him and that name is the only thing that he holds close to his heart. It is really an important part of him and..."

"I didn't know." Gabriel frowned, breathing harshly. "I know he told me he wouldn't be able to change his name after our marriage but..."

"Gabriel!" She breathed in deeply. "It is not your fault. You didn't know anything about this. But... Angelo considers his name special. It like through that name... his parents live in him. That name is not just a name to him. It means a lot to him and telling him to change it might... have been too much for him to handle."

"I only..."

"I know..." Alicia smiled brightly. "Angelo is not a bad person at all. He really loves his dead parents and that name is something that he will never change if asked unless..."

"He decides to do it on his own." Gabriel sighed, moving his eyes to the smiling woman. "You know him better than anyone else."

"Yes!" Alicia nodded. "I love him as if he were one of my children. I really love that boy and he is very special to me. I think he is just hurt when you asked him to change his name. It was almost like..."

"You are right." Gabriel nodded, trying his best to smile. "I shouldn't have asked him that. Had I known... I wouldn't have even uttered those words. But now I know, I will never hurt him the way I did." He slowly got up, smiling softly at the lovely woman. "I will go and make it up to him. I will go and show him my love."

Alicia got up, still smiling. "I think that will be a really good idea. Take care of him. Make him happy and smile again."

"Thanks, Alicia." Gabriel said softly. "This has been really helpful."

With a final smile, Gabriel made a quick turn and started rushing towards the elevator. His heart was racing and his breaths were harsh. He was panting terribly. His entire body vibrated in little fear but he tried to act confidence.

The rest of the way to their room, Gabriel just prayed for his baby to be in a good mood so that he could apologize. He didn't need him to be sad or hurt anymore. He just wanted to make it up to him and see that gorgeous smile which melted his heart like thin ice. He didn't like it when he saw him in that mood at all.

When Gabriel finally reached the door to their room, he took a quick deep breath and then opened the door as wide as he could. When he actually entered the room, he found his love seated on the bed with his face on his palms.

With only one thing in mind, Gabriel slowly walked to Angelo. Angelo on the other hand raised his head when he heard footsteps coming towards him. He was just in time to see his sad looking husband coming to him.

Seeing Gabriel coming towards him, Angelo felt terrible for yelling at him. His heart pounded deeper in his chest and he had no idea what to say to him so that he could understand him. That had never happened before so it got him a little scared. He didn't want his husband to think bad of him and stay mad at him. He couldn't bear it. He knew he had to apologize to him.

Gabriel came straight and stood right in front of Angelo, staring down at him. When Angelo raised his face, their eyes locked and they were now staring deep into each other's eyes. Things might have changed for Angelo because he saw nothing but love in those deep grey eyes. 

Gabriel on the other got excited as soon as he stared into those eyes that made him weak and vulnerable. His heart immediately began racing and he felt a little guilty for asking the cute boy that. He knew exactly what to do.

Moving closer to Angelo, Gabriel sat on the bed next to him. He saw Angelo move his eyes and it just hurt him even more. He had no idea if Angelo was still mad at him and probably hated him. He didn't like the feeling at all.

Gabriel took a great breath. "I am sorry, baby." He said softly, extending his hand to cup Angelo's hands. "I am so sorry. Please. Don't be mad at me anymore. I didn't know that... I shouldn't have even asked in the first place. Please, forgive me."

Hearing Gabriel's pleas, Angelo moved his eyes towards him, looking straight at him. He looked into his eyes and saw the sadness in them. He gripped his hand, holding it tightly into his. But when he tried to open his mouth, no word came out.

"I didn't mean to hurt you or make you mad." Gabriel sighed. "I shouldn't have asked you to change your name. I really love you so much and the last thing I want is for you to be sad because of me. That will hurt me too and..." he paused, planting a kiss on Angelo's hands. "...I just can't bear to see you sad. Please, say something."

Angelo took a deep breath as he felt guiltier. "Baby... I, please. I am really sorry." He just apologized. "I didn't mean to snap at you but... I really love you so much and it hurts me too to see you like this. I just needed you to understand me."

"Please..."

"I just can't change my name no matter what." He sighed, rubbing on his husband's beautiful hands. "This name means a lot to me and..."

"I know..." Gabriel nodded, planting another kiss on those sweet hands. "Alicia told me everything about it and I now understand the reason why you reacted that way. I really love you and the only thing that I want is to see you happy. I don't want to see you sad and..."

"Gabriel..." Angelo tried to smile. "I am really sorry. I shouldn't have acted the way I did simply because you asked me to change my name but..." He sighed, trying to sound calm. "...you were persistent and it just got to me so bad. You know the way I am at times and..."

"Shh..." Gabriel whispered, blocking Angelo's sweet lips with his finger. "Please. Don't say anything else. This is my entire fault and I shouldn't have done what I did. Please. Forgive me for making you mad like that, my love."

"Gabriel..." He rubbed on his hand. "I..."

"Please..." Gabriel dropped to his knees, holding Angelo's hands tightly. "...I am on my knees, my love. I just want to hear you say that you forgive me."

Angelo felt tears building in his eyes, tears of joy and love. He couldn't believe his husband was actually apologizing when he wasn't even in the wrong. At that very moment, Angelo knew his husband loved him so much. His heart started racing beyond what was normal. His entire body vibrated in deep bliss. He couldn't have loved his husband more than he did at that particular time. His husband was supposed to be mad at him but he was on his knees begging him to forgive him. That was really emotional for him. He really, really loved his husband.

"Gabriel..." Angelo covered his mouth softly. "Please, get up. You haven't done anything wrong. I forgive you."

"Oh..." Angelo felt a bolt of electricity pass through his entire body that made him jerk for a bit. He quickly got up and gripped Angelo tightly, raising him from the bed. He held him tighter, raising him in the air like a little child.

"Thank you." Gabriel enthused. He felt happy and alive. "Thank you so much, my love. Thank you."

"Hey!" Angelo chirped, gripping Gabriel's neck tighter. "Put me down. I am not..."

"No!" Gabriel held Angelo's waist tighter, bringing him to his face. Their faces were so close. "You make me feel alive, my baby."

Before Angelo could even try anything else, Gabriel captured his lips in the sweetest of kisses, bringing him to the floor. Now they were standing close to each other, dangerously close. Gabriel had his arms wrapped tightly around Angelo's waist, just enjoying his sweet mouth and kissing him softly. His body was on fire as he was slowly massaging that sweet waist, bringing him even closer than the two of them were.

Angelo on the other hand had his hands tightly wrapped around Gabriel's neck. He was kissing him while enjoying the pleasure of his hands massaging his waist. He was getting turned on and his cock was slowly rising. He was getting turned on. Not only was Gabriel a great kisser but his hands were fire. Angelo's entire body was on fire from those vibrating hands. He'd never enjoyed his husband's touch the way he did at that particular time. On one hand was him being kissed senselessly while on the other was him being massaged on his waist. He was getting horny.

Bringing Angelo even closer to him, Gabriel slipped his tongue into Angelo's hot mouth. Fuck! His cock instantly got iron hard when he met with Angelo's tongue. A bolt of electric impulses passed throughout his entire body, drawing a deep moan from him. He moaned deeper into Angelo's mouth.

Fuck! Angelo's tongue vibrated when Gabriel moaned in his mouth. For a moment he thought he was in heaven, on top of the world. He was in a world filled with nothing but pure bliss. He was enjoying being kissed by Gabriel. He was enjoying Gabriel's strong arms on his waist. But most importantly, he enjoyed feeling the heat which emanated from his muscular body.

Both guys were in nothing but pure pleasure. Gabriel was slowly sucking on Angelo's tongue, exploring his entire mouth. The kiss they shared was explosive... it was passionate... it was sweet... it was of pure bliss... it was amazing but most importantly it felt heavenly to each of them. So much joy passed through their system.

After what felt like hours, the two guys began running out of breath. It wasn't long before they parted from each other's mouths, their lips. They both felt really empty. Their lips were pretty swollen yet they wanted more of each other. They needed more of those kisses. They were already panting when they broke from each other's lips.

"Wow!" Gabriel panted, passing his thumb on Angelo's swollen lips. "Does this mean I am forgiven?"

Angelo laughed teasingly, staring at those lips that he wanted to suck for all eternity, the lips that made him drool. He loved kissing those sweet pink lips.

"I already told you I have forgiven you." He grinned, wrapping his arms tighter. "I just wanna say I am really sorry too. I shouldn't have..."

"Let's just call it even." Gabriel brushed his nose on Angelo's. "I love you and that's all that matters."

With a sweet smile, Gabriel took Angelo's lips once again and kissed him passionately until they both ran out of breath. When they parted from each other, they were both panting beyond what they actually thought was possible. It was simply amazing how everything was going. Fuck!

Gabriel could feel that his cock was harder than it had ever been. It was throbbing painfully, rubbing against his under wear. He could feel pre-cum already starting to ooze out of his slit. He was really horny. Having Angelo so close to him was doing him badly. He just wanted to feel that boy's body and his sweet pleasures. He wanted to bury his cock in that sweet pleasure hole which was sweeter beyond what he expected.

Gabriel's breaths turned sensual. His eyes were betraying him. His horniness was getting to him and he was just dying to do one thing.

"Baby..." Gabriel breathed sensually, sucking on his own lips.

"Yes!" Angelo got the idea without even being asked. "What?"

"Can I... can I make love to you, please?" 

Angelo chuckled happily, feeling excited all of a sudden. Gabriel's voice was filled with lust. Just from hearing him talk, Angelo felt the horniness in his voice. That voice sent vibrations down his spine all the way to his cock. It jumped, getting harder by the second. His hole twitched softly in need of his husband's cock.

"Yes!" Angelo nodded. "I want to feel you inside me too. I wanna feel your cum deep inside of me. I wanna feel you pleasuring my body, my love."

As soon as he heard that voice, Gabriel's entire body caught an eternal flame that made him hornier. He felt sweat already forming on his skin. His skin felt hot and cold at the same time. His cock leaked even more than before.

"Thank you." Gabriel moved his hands from Angelo's waist and grabbed his ass, pulling it apart through his short. Fuck! He could have sworn that he came right there. Angelo had the sexiest ass Gabriel had ever seen or touched.

"What are you waiting for?" Angelo mocked, licking his lips. 

"Hmm," Gabriel moaned. "You are so sexy. I will make love to you. I promise you are gonna scream my name out from the pleasure I am gonna give you."

With a chuckle, Gabriel leaned down and captured Angelo's sweet swollen lips once again. This time he was a little faster and he loved the feeling that took control of his entire body. Angelo was sexy as hell and he was definitely sweet.

Moving his hands from Angelo's ass, Gabriel grabbed the hem of his t-shirt, slowly slipping it upwards. He really loved doing that but he couldn't wait to make love to his lovely baby. He couldn't wait to feel his pleasures and his wonderful moans while kissing him softly.

Just like a flash, Gabriel tore away from Angelo's mouth and flipped the shirt off of him, revealing his sexy hairless chest and body. Angelo was not hairy but he was just too sexy. His beautiful body could make any guy die for him. Gabriel always got crazy with that body.

"Fuck! I want you." Gabriel moaned, quickly removing his own t-shirt.

He threw the t-shirt on the floor and gripped Angelo harder, even closer than before. He was kissing him furiously, trying to breathe properly but he was panting. Angelo's mouth was sweet, wet and hot. He had his tongue all the way down his throat, kissing him furiously. It was just about the hottest thing that had ever happened to him.

Angelo on the other hand was on fire with his feelings. They were exploding deep inside his body. His hormones were getting out of control. His cock was leaking pretty badly, rubbing on his briefs. Fuck! That only made things worse for him. His hole twitched even terribly. He wanted cock so bad.

Gripping Gabriel's neck tighter, Angelo jumped up and wrapped his legs tightly around Gabriel's waist. Things were getting hotter between them and the way they were dangerously kissing was having a really bad effect on them. They just wanted to feel each other's pleasures and moan their lungs out. All they wanted to do was just to make love or rather fuck each other's brains out.

"Ah..." Gabriel moaned deeper into that sweet mouth. He wrapped his arms tightly on Aidan's waist, massaging on it furiously. He wanted to drive Angelo mad with pleasure and lust. He wanted him to feel all kinds of pleasure on this earth. He wanted to make sweet love to him.

Making sure that he was holding Angelo tightly, Gabriel slowly turned and faced the bed. He then slowly laid Angelo on the bed while getting on top of him. The sweet boy didn't even move his legs from Gabriel's waist. In fact, his hold on Gabriel got tighter and hotter.

Angelo had never been with so much passion in his life before. His heart was about to burst out of his chest with the way it pounded. The vibrations that took control of his body were powerful. His mind was only filled with lust. They hadn't made love in days and his cock was leaking badly. He knew he wasn't gonna last at all. He knew he was gonna a come lot when Gabriel makes love to him. The only thing in his mind was lovemaking. His hole was twitching terribly and he could have sworn that he was about to cum through his ass. He wanted sex and that was all.

Gabriel continued kissing Angelo furiously, enjoying his sweet essence deep in his mouth. He was slowly massaging his waist, moving a little down. He could feel that Angelo's legs and hands were tightening on his body. But he just continued kissing him like crazy and massaging his waist, literally driving him insane with pleasure and lust.

Angelo felt like each passing second, he lost his mind. His cock was rock hard and his hole was vibrating as if it was connected to an electric vibrator that made things worse for him and drove him out of his fucking mind. He couldn't take it anymore.

Moving his hands away from Gabriel's neck, Angelo tore away from his mouth, breathing like a huge predator which was after a big prey. His eyes were filled with lust and his breaths were violently. He was seriously sounding like a wild animal.

"I can't take it anymore." Angelo gulped. "Please. Make love to me already before I explode. Please." Angelo's voice sounded commanding and simply horny.

Gabriel smiled brightly when he looked into Angelo's lust filled eyes. He chuckled. "Yes! I will... make love to you."

With a smile, Angelo moved his legs away from Gabriel's waist, allowing him to do what he had to do. He just wanted to feel him.

Gabriel on the other hand slowly moved his hands from Angelo's waist. He started kissing him from his chin, going down to his neck. He began slowly sucking on his neck, nipping on his skin and moaning softly on it.

"Oh..." Angelo moaned softly, dropping his head to the other side. "Fuck... Gabriel... oh..."

Angelo experienced even immense pleasure when Gabriel sucked on his neck. Fuck! His entire body was enveloped in pure and lustful bliss. He wanted to scream his husband's name. He wanted to tell him to suck him some more but he just wanted his cock.

After sucking on his neck for a while, Gabriel slowly moved downwards to his nipples. OMG, Gabriel took one of those nipples in his mouth while he played with the other in his hands. He sucked and sucked while Angelo moaned, writhed and wetted his under wear with pre-cum. He was acting as if he was buried in pleasure.
