 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello guys and welcome to the eighth chapter of this great story. I know you guys have been eagerly waiting for this chapter for a long time but it is finally here. I would like to sincerely apologize for this late post. I am really sorry but I had to go to school because I am only an 18 year old and being a first year student there was just a lot that I had to do. But now I am here and I will make sure to post the chapters as frequently as I can. Once again, I am really sorry.

I just hope this chapter will be really interesting to you. It is a dedication to all of you for your great love, especially Josranvictor. I love you too. Don't forget to comment about this chapter and rate. I am now back. I love you a lot.

Enjoy...

***

Jack and Gabriel were lying on the couch, romantically holding each other. Jack had his head on Gabriel's chest, enjoying the wonderful embrace from his husband. Gabriel on the other hand had his arms carefully wrapped around Jack to secure him tightly. They were both enjoying the beautiful soap opera on TV. They were quiet and they were really happy together. They both had smiles on their faces and were kissing from time to time.

Suddenly Gabriel's phone rang, getting him out of the wonderful moment he was in. He quickly moved his eyes towards the small table beside the couch they were seated on. Then he looked at his husband and he got the idea of what Gabriel wanted. He slowly got off his chest and moved away from him.

"Sorry," Gabriel apologized, grinning at Jack.

"It's okay. The call might be important anyway. Just pick it up."

With a kiss on Jack's lips, Gabriel rose from the couch and quickly picked the phone up. It was from one of his business partners and he was really important. He smiled brightly and then picked the phone, bringing it to his ears.

"Hello..."

"Hey, Mr. Harrington." The man on the other end of the line chuckled happily. "How are you doing?"

"I am okay, Mr. Rosenberg." Gabriel said happily.

"That's great. I am happy you are okay."

"Sure." He chuckled. "Thank you so much but I must ask, why did you call at this time of the night? Is there anything wrong?"

"No, no..." He chuckled. "There is nothing wrong, Mr. Harrington. It's just that there is a really important gathering for the businessmen tomorrow."

"What?" He gasped, feeling his heart give a sharp pound.

"Yes!" He gave a sigh of relief. "Tomorrow is a really important day for the businessmen and I just wanted to tell you that you should come since you are also a really important businessman and most of all you are my business partner."

Hearing what the other businessman had just said, Gabriel felt as if heaven had just come down on earth. Everything was just going perfectly and wonderfully. He was now super stinking rich and now he had to mingle with the high and mighty. It was just perfect. First, he had many connections thanks to Lambert and his father.

"Really?" He exclaimed, feeling a deep passionate vibration of excitement slip through his system.

"Yes!" The man said. "You are a big businessman and this gathering or should I call it a party is for businessmen just like you and me."

"Oh!" He gasped. "Thank you so much for this wonderful news. I really appreciate it a lot. Thank you."

"You are most welcome. You are a great businessman and opportunities like these are just for people like you." He laughed happily. "It is just a big party which we always throw once in a while to mingle as businessmen and you are a part of that world now."

"Okay. But where is this party going to be held?" He asked impatiently.

The man laughed on the other end. "Sorry about that, Mr. Harrington." He apologized. "The party is gonna be at Diamond Royal hotel at 4.pm, okay. You need to be there."

"I wouldn't miss it for the..."

"Oh, sorry..." The man apologized, making Gabriel wonder what he was apologizing for. "...I forgot to tell you something. The party won't be inside the hotel but rather the huge hotel garden."

"Thank you so much. I will be there."

"Yeah and don't forget to bring your husband, okay?"

"Okay. Goodnight and thanks again."

"Okay."

Gabriel cut the call and shouted as if he had just hit a jackpot. When he moved his eyes towards his husband, he saw the look of surprise on his face. Gabriel's mouth was trembling and he had no idea if it was from all the excitement he felt or the benefits he was gonna get from that party. He was just too excited. His heart was racing miles and miles away. His eyes were wide open and his body was vibrating in excitement.

"Baby?" Jack sounded a little worried. In fact, he was really worried and didn't know what to think at that time. "Are you okay?"

"Am I okay?" Gabriel chuckled, his voice sounded a little hoarse. "Am I okay?"

Then just like a flash, he shouted at the top of his voice and rushed to Jack. He gripped his waist and lifted him high up in the air, holding him even tighter. Then bringing him to the floor, he took his lips once again and kissed him furiously on the lips. He was just too happy.

"Baby?" Jack pulled away from that kiss, holding Gabriel's cheeks. "Are you sure you are okay?"

"Yes!" Gabriel chuckled happily. "In fact, I am more than okay right now. I am ecstatic and I just don't know how to react. What I have inside of me is really big."

Jack chuckled softly, giving Gabriel a suspicious look. "Okay. So what has made my husband to be this happy?"

"Okay." Gabriel took a deep breath, looking deep in his lover's eyes. "That was Mr. Rosenberg I was talking to right now."

"Our business partner?" He frowned. "Why did he call you?"

"He had some great news for me, for us." He chuckled nervously. "Tomorrow there is gonna be a really great party for all the great businessmen at Diamond Royal hotel at 4.pm. This is a party where many businessmen, great businessmen attend and guess who is going?"

"Who?" Jack asked.

"Us." Gabriel enthused, kissing Jack furiously on the lips.

"What?" A grin appeared on Jack's face. "Are you serious or you are just trying to pull my legs?" He gasped, his eyes widening. "Please, tell me you are just kidding me because..."

"I kid you not, my love."

"Yes!" Jack screamed, his voice filling the entire mansion. "Yes! Yes! Yes, baby we are gonna be at that party."

"Yes!" Gabriel chuckled. "Do you what that means?" He asked. Jack shook his head, giggling like a two year old. "It means that all great businessmen, rich and powerful will also be there at that party. That means we will have great opportunities to meet with them and then we might even make them our business partners and then...

"Money." Jack chimed in, feeling his heart pounding in his chest. "Money will flow in our lives like water. That means that we will have even more money than we can actually need in our lifetime. I know we have more money than we can ever need but we will be able to bring in even more money."

"Yes!" Gabriel chuckled. "You are absolutely right about that one. We will have a chance and we will partner up with greatest businessmen in the country. We will be able to expand our companies even more. Yes!"

"Oh my God," Jack gasped, literally jumping up from the floor. "I am so happy right now, my love. Just look at us. We are becoming richer and richer as days go by. Soon we will be one of the greatest businessmen in the country. I can't believe this is actually happening."

"Yes!" Gabriel smiled. "We are gonna fulfill our destiny. Nothing is gonna stand in our way to achieve success. We were born to be really rich, baby." Gabriel kissed him softly on the lips. "Nothing is gonna stand in our way to reach our goals. All those businessmen will actually be ours and we will expand our businesses, right."

"I can't wait." Jack gasped, feeling really ecstatic. "I can't wait for tomorrow, baby. How I wish that tomorrow can just come by a snap of a finger. I am really excited right now and I am so, so happy."

"It is just a few hours." Gabriel assured. "We will just have to wait for a few hours and then we will be on our way to that event, baby. That event will wait for us and we will be really happy there."

"Yeah and we have to look our best." Jack said impatiently.

"Yes!" Gabriel nodded. "We are gonna have to look our best there. We are gonna be the sexiest couple there, baby. We need to attract all those businessmen to us and then partner with them. We are on our way to success."

"Yes!" jack smiled brightly. "I can't wait for that."

"Me too." Gabriel smiled brightly. "I also need to call my father." He quickly brought the phone forward and started dialing his father's number.

"No!" Jack held his hand.

Gabriel moved his face up, wondering why Jack had just done that to him.

"Why..."

"You will call him." Jack smiled brightly, rubbing on his beautiful manly hands. "But not yet. You will call him later, my love. In fact, I will call him and tell him about this. I will make sure that he gets it."

Hearing what Jack had just said, Gabriel smiled brightly and then dropped the phone on the couch. He brought Jack closer and planted a kiss on his lips, sucking on them furiously. By the time they were both pulling away from that kiss, they were really swollen.

"Thank you."

"For what?" Jack chuckled nervously licking his lips.

"Thank you for being so nice and loving me sincerely and..."

"Shh..." jack blocked Gabriel's mouth with his finger. "I don't want you to say anything to me, okay. You are my husband and we have lived together for the past three years. In those three years, you have showed me how much you love me, my love. In the same way that you love me... I love you in the same way. We will live our lives happily and that will continue for as long as we live. We are heading for the sky and nothing will ever bring us down as long as we are together."

"That's really sweet."

"Really!"

"Yes!"

With a deep breath, Gabriel picked Jack up in his arms and lifted him from the floor. Jack laughed as they both got closer and shared a really passionate and sweet kiss that blew their brains out.

"I love you and I would like to appreciate you for everything that you've done for me." Gabriel moaned, still licking his lips.

"How are you gonna do that?"

"Hmm," He groaned and then chuckled softly, locking his eyes with the man in his arms. "I am going to make sweet, slow passionate love to you just to show you how much I love you and how much you mean to me."

"Really?" Jack's heart was pounding. "I really can't wait for that anymore, baby?"

"You are not going to wait." Gabriel moaned. "I am gonna make love to you right now. I am gonna take you to our room then I am gonna..."

"Shut up and take me there already." He commanded. "The more time we waste here the more I am gonna be dying to feel you, my love. Please! Let's go right now."

"Your wish is my command, baby."

With a simple kiss, Gabriel and jack went upstairs to their room where there wonderful erotic journey to pleasure land took place. Gabriel did as he had promised. Now all that was left to do was just wait for their big and great day.

***

Gabriel came out of the dressing room, putting on his wonderful jacket. He had made sure that he looked really sexy that day. He was putting on the most expensive black designer's suit he could find out there. It was fitted on him perfectly, showing his perfect muscular body. He had a deep blue designer's shirt inside and was putting on really expensive pitch black designer's shoes he could also find out there. In other words, his outfit was perfect and his cologne was also magnificent. His hair was gelled to perfection and his face was lit by a gorgeous grin on his face.

When he came out of the dressing, he froze and just stared at the other man in the room, Jack. He was standing near a mirror, looking at his reflection. He was putting on a really beautiful sky blue, designer's suit which was looking sexy on him. He had his hair combed and then gelled, but not fully. He was wearing sky blue shoes which made him look even sexier. From the mirror, Gabriel could see that he was wearing a green shirt inside. He was looking perfect and his expensive cologne was all over the room.

"Wow!" Gabriel breathed.

With a quick breath of confidence, Gabriel slowly started walking towards Jack. He reached him and then wrapped his arms tightly around his waist, bringing him closer. Then he planted a soft kiss on his neck, drawing wonderful chuckles from him.

"Hey!" Jack moaned as he enjoyed the kisses on his neck.

"Hey, beautiful." Gabriel grunted on Jack's neck. "You look really sexy, baby."

"Hmm, thank you."

They both sounded as if they were making love with their moans and groans.

"You look handsome too." Jack said softly, dropping his neck to give access to Gabriel. "I love it when you... you kiss me like that." His heart was already racing and he wanted Gabriel so much. "You really know... how to turn me on, baby. Why do you always drive me insane with pleasure?"

"Because I am your husband and..." He paused, moaning a little louder. "...I love driving you insane just like the way you drive me insane, my love."

"Hmm, I love that."

"Me too."

After sucking on that neck for a few seconds, Gabriel finally stopped. He turned Jack around to face him and then planted a real kiss on his lips, kissing on him softly. They both moaned and held on tighter to each other's bodies.

"Thank you for that kiss."

Gabriel grinned. "Are you ready to go now? It's almost 4.pm. We need to start leaving right now."

"Yes!" Jack smiled. "I am now ready to go."

"Okay." Gabriel moved beside jack and then coiled his arm with his. "Let's go."

They both left the room happily and went to their car outside. They both knew that they were gonna be happy at the party they were attending.

***

The huge hotel garden was decorated beautifully by the elegant and classy decors which had been made by the best decorators. It was sparkling wonderfully and the mood was just too beautiful. The garden was really huge and it could accommodate about 5000 people or more.

There were beautiful glass tables and chairs all over. Foods and drinks of different kinds were also there. Slow, soothing music was playing to make the mood even more wonderful. Different flowers were displayed everywhere which made the whole place lovely. Everything was classy and beautiful.

Different businessmen, politicians and other important people together with their spouses had attended the party. They were dressed differently in wonderful clothes that matched with their classes and elegancies. Businessmen were talking to each other, laughing together and eating and drinking together like friends. It was a great event where businessmen met and just mingled and talked to each other.

Gabriel and Jack's car arrived. They parked near the garden and could already see the ongoing beautiful party. They might have been a little late but the most important thing was that they had made it to the party and they were gonna enjoy themselves.

"Here we are." Gabriel chuckled, squeezing Jack's hand. "Can you also believe that we are here?"

"No!" Jack breathed in deeply. "I still can't believe we are here."

Jack and Gabriel shared a wonderful passionate kiss before the guard opened the door for the both of them to get out.

Gabriel and jack slowly got off the car as elegantly as they could at that particular time, holding on to each other's arms. They were both smiling and couldn't mask the wonderful happiness that they had in them.

They slowly started walking towards the party and saw as the other businessmen looked at them and smiled brightly at them. As they drew near, Gabriel saw his father smiling and waving at him. He was putting on a beautiful golden brown designer's suit which made him look perfect and handsome.

Seeing him, Gabriel waved back and so did Jack. Josh came towards them and he seemed really happy.

"Hey, son..." Josh said happily.

"Dad..." He responded happily. "I am glad you are here."

"Did you expect me to miss this great party?" he joked, hugging his son tightly. "I wouldn't miss it for the world." He whispered in his ears. "You have no idea how long I have waited to attend such a party and now I am here. I am really happy."

"I am glad you are happy." Gabriel pulled away from the wonderful hug, smiling at his father. "I am also happy to be invited here, dad. There will be many opportunities here and I will have a chance to..."

"Hey!" Josh laughed softly. "Are we gonna talk like this or am I gonna greet my son in law?"

"Oh!" Gabriel had totally forgotten. "Sorry."

"Hey, dad." Jack smiled brightly. "How are you?"

Josh hugged Jack tightly, rubbing on his back. "I am absolutely fine, my son."

"That's good." Jack said happily, pulling away from the hug.

Then they all went into the garden and were really happy they did. They felt really important and appreciated. The feeling was definitely from out of this world. It was magnificent... it was lovely... it was beautiful... it was to die for. The way things were decorated and the way people talked to each other actually showed that they were really at a very elegant party, the best and beneficial too.

As soon as they entered, some of the businessmen had already started greeting the two of them and telling them how happy they were to have finally met them since they had heard of the two of them before. It was really great to have heard that.

"Hey!" Gabriel heard a familiar voice behind him.

With a smile, Gabriel made a quick turn to meet with a gorgeous smiling face. It was Mr. Rosenberg. Mr. Rosenberg was a tall blonde man in his early 50s. He was a great business partner to Gabriel and he appreciated him for that. He was putting on a beautiful black designer's suit and not forgetting that gorgeous smile on his handsome face.

"Mr. Rosenberg," Gabriel chuckled, shaking his hand happily. "How are you, sir?"

"I am absolutely fine. I am glad you are finally here. For a moment, I was thinking you weren't gonna be coming."

"Oh no!" Gabriel chuckled nervously, shaking his head. "Why wouldn't I come? Of course, I wouldn't miss this party for the world. It is a really important party and besides, I came to honor your invitation."

"Good!" Mr. Rosenberg said, patting on Gabriel's shoulder. "Come with me. I would really like to introduce you to some of my great friends and also businessmen."

"Sure."

As soon as Gabriel heard what the man had to say, he got really excited and happy. He couldn't even imagine the happiness that he felt at that time. He was gonna meet with some of the businessmen and he knew that he was gonna get lucky. Gabriel excused himself from his father and Jack and then went away with the man.

The day had only begun for Gabriel and Jack. They were both really happy that day. They mingled and talked with some of the great businessmen in St Luis and it was just as good. All the businessmen that they encountered at the party seemed really nice and happy to meet with them.

Gabriel laughed, talked and chatted with Mr. Rosenberg's friends and other businessmen. Though most of their talks was just about business, they also joked and drunk together. They asked about how his business was going and how he found the business world to be.

Of course, Mr. Rosenberg helped him a whole lot and told them about his business skills and how knowledgeable he was in the business field. That was like a golden ticket to heaven. He was really happy. In fact, those men became interested in his business and they even told him that they had heard great things about his companies and how he handled them ever since he took over. He was really happy and he was glad that he had attended that party.
