 Hello and welcome to yet another chapter of this lovely story. Before I go into writing, I would like to thank all of you for your great support. I really hope this chapter will be interesting. Don't forget to drop your comments about this chapter. Happy reading...

*****

Angelo had a great smile on his face, looking straight ahead. He had one of his hands in his trouser pocket which was seemingly perfect and gorgeous. He was putting on a wonderful deep blue, designer's suit which showed his perfect curves. He had a red shiny shirt inside which looked perfect on the suit which he was putting on. He was wearing sky blue, moccasin shoes which were looking perfect with the suit.

Angelo's hair was tied in a wonderful ponytail, tied with a beautiful gold band. His face was glowing with makeup and that gorgeous smile on his face. But he was looking really sexy with everything that he was wearing and the way he was looking like.

"Ready!" The cameraman said.

At his words, Angelo now moved his professionalism to another level with that smile. Then the camera started shuttering, capturing his wonderful image.

Angelo was at a photo shoot for a company magazine which he hadn't done in a really long time. He was feeling really happy and his mood could be reflected in the way he was smiling. Things were booming for his business and his company. He had many contracts which were bringing him lots and lots of money on a daily basis.

Angelo was really happy with the way things were going at his companies and especially in his life. That politician hasn't bothered him ever since that time and he has been happy with his husband, his companies and his life.

"Uh..."

Angelo didn't want to lose that smile on his face. Behind him was a huge picture of his company which was making it look like he was actually taking photos on it. The mood he was in was very bright and wonderful. He really loved it.

"Okay..."

Angelo took several poses, giving it his best to the cameraman that was busy taking his pictures. He could tell from the smiles of the crew that they were impressed with him a lot. He hadn't done that in a really long time, a couple of months to be precise but he knew he was doing a great job.

After taking several photos, posing the best way he could, Angelo changed his clothes into a beautiful blue designer's skinny jean which had been made for him for that particular purpose. He wore a wonderful pink shirt which he had tucked in a black designer's shoes. This time, his hair was made into a braided ponytail.

The scene was now changed into something even wonderful, as if he was standing in beautiful flowers. He did several poses while getting applauses from his workers and the crew. He did one in which he was sitting comfortably on the chair. He did another in which he was sitting on the floor and several more which he loved so much. He was dying to see those photos even though he was told they were perfect.

Angelo did a lot of photos that day, many of them. He smiled... he got a serious face... he got a business face and many others. He changed so many clothes, ranging from casual wear to business to smart. His hair went from curled to ponytail to freestyle and to knots. He was perfect that day.

He did one while lying down on the floor. He did one while standing. He did another while sitting on the office chair and many others. So many things happened that day and he was really tired. The photo shoot took many hours but it was worth it.

"Okay." The cameraman said happily, adjusting the camera. "Last frame."

Angelo smiled brighter and then the camera shuttered. He was finally able to breath after a really long time. He was really tired but he was okay.

"That's a wrap." The cameraman announced.

Hearing what he had to say, Angelo felt like life had come back to him. He slowly moved towards the crew, looking at all of them. But before he could reach the, he was met by his assistant who had a great smile on her face, clapping her hands.

"Wow!" She said cheerfully, trying to get to him. "That was really lovely, sir. You really are photogenic and those pictures will catch the hearts of your fans and your employees."

Angelo smiled brightly, looking at his assistant. "Well! Thank you very much." He said happily and then got his face serious. "I am sure it must have been really interesting but... you are no professional. I would like to hear it from them." He pointed. The assistant lost her smile, nodding her head.

With a soft chuckle, Angelo started heading to the crew that was busy with the equipments. His assistant was following right behind him.

"So... guys, how was that photo shoot?"

"Oh!" The boss raised his hand, shaking his head. "That was a really wonderful photo shoot and the magazine will be lovely."

"Oh! Thanks..." He smiled brightly, loving the way they were talking to him. "But I would really love to see them. I don't trust anyone. I trust what I see."

"It's fine." The tall handsome man said softly. "Come with me."

Angelo and the man went inside to the huge computer on the left. As soon as Angelo reached there, he started viewing his photos and he was really happy he didn't find any which he didn't like at all. He really loved everything.

"Okay." He nodded softly, shaking the man's hand. "You really did a good job."

"Thank you sir." The man said happily. "I am honored."

"It's fine." He said softly. "I think I did a good job hiring you for this photo shoot."

"Thank you so much, sir. We will do our best to make the magazine really interesting."

"I appreciate it a lot and..."

"Excuse me, sir." Angelo's assistant came inside with a smile on her face. 

"Yes!" He shook his head, still looking at the man he had been speaking to. "What is it?"

"Your husband is here already and..."

"Really?" He enthused, taking a really deep breath. "Is he here?"

"Yes!" She nodded.

Angelo quickly thanked the man and then rushed out of the room. When he eventually came out of the room, he saw his husband leaning to a wall nearby and playing with his car keys. He was looking really cute in a wonderful blue skinny jean and yellow t-shirt with brown snickers. The way he was playing with his car keys... the way he was looking and his very gorgeous face made Angelo extremely happy. He couldn't wait to hold that man.

With a deep breath, Angelo quickly rushed to his husband. When he reached him, he quickly wrapped his arms around his waist, holding him tightly. He had his head on his back, gripping him even harder.

Feeling Angelo's hands wrapped around his waist, Gabriel chuckled softly and moved his hands to rub on Angelo's hands. He chuckled even harder. He didn't really see his face but he could tell that it was his cute husband.

"Hey!" Gabriel moaned softly. "I really missed you so much. I couldn't wait for you because I was missing you like crazy."

"Hmm," Angelo placed a kiss on that back. "I really missed you too. You definitely have no idea how I feel right now that you are here. Thanks for coming, my love."

"Hey!" Gabriel slowly loosened Angelo's arms around him, turning to face him. When their eyes met, they got lost looking into each other's eyes. 

Angelo felt a powerful vibration take control of his body when he looked deep in those lovely eyes that he had fallen in love with in the first place. His entire breaths seized... his eyes couldn't move... his body felt paralyzed and everything just froze. The only person he could see in front of him was his husband. He was really, really happy that his husband had come to check on him. That showed him that his husband really loved and cared for him.

"I missed your eyes..." Gabriel said in a really sexy voice, cupping Angelo's cheeks. "...I missed your touch."

Angelo breathed in softly, feeling a cold wind blowing on his face. "I am happy seeing you here, my love. I missed your kisses."

Gabriel smiled brightly, rubbing on Angelo's sweet cheeks. "You won't miss that anymore, my love."

With those words, Gabriel moved his hands to Angelo's waist, gripping him tightly. Then he brought him really close to him, not minding that there were people there. Then he started closing the space in between them until he softly captured those sweet hot puckering lips. Gripping Angelo tighter, Gabriel started kissing him softly, sucking on his sweet lips as he breathed in softly, enjoying the sensational vibrations that made his body tremble in pleasure.

"Hmm,"

Angelo couldn't understand himself when he felt Gabriel's lips on his. The feeling was indescribable and it was deeply imbedded in his system. He closed his eyes shut, moving his hands up Gabriel's body. He grasped his husband's head, bringing him closer to him. Then they kissed passionately, exploring each other's lips.

Gabriel moaned softly, gripping Angelo tighter to him. He stuck out his tongue, brushing on Angelo's lips. Angelo parted his lips, allowing his husband access into that sweet mouth of his which he very well knew drove his husband insane. When their tongues eventually met, something melted in the guys' bodies, something that they couldn't quite understand. Everything was happening really fast and it was really beautiful.

"Oh..." Gabriel moaned deeper into that sweet mouth.

Angelo felt his tongue vibrate and that vibrations expanded to the rest of his body, making him weak in the knee. If not for his husband holding him tightly he was sure he would have been on the ground. He couldn't understand how a man like his husband could do that to him. He was the only man that he was really intimate with, the only man that he really loved and trusted with his entire life. He was the only man that made him really happy.

Gabriel slowly started sucking Angelo's tongue, enjoying the sweetness of his mouth. The kiss was really wonderful... it was intensifying... it was really sweet... it was captivating... it was mind blowing... it was charming. Everything else that was happening was equally sweet. Fuck!

After that heart bursting kiss that drove them insane for what felt like hours, the two guys finally ran out of breath. They had no choice but to pull away from each other. With a final powerful moan, both guys pulled away from each other's mouth, breathing as if they had just been about to faint. 

"Fuck!"

Angelo was struggling to breathe properly but what he knew was that he couldn't tear his eyes away from the guy that gave him immense joy. Even after a kiss like that, Angelo couldn't help but yearn for those lips that gave him nothing but happiness and joy.

"I love you so much." Gabriel gripped Angelo harder, pulling him closer.

"I love you too."

With those words and still breathing faster, Angelo and Gabriel started closing the space between them. That day they just wanted to kiss and kiss even in front of the people that were watching them. They wanted to explore more each other. They wanted to feel more of each other's lips. They wanted to feel passionate about each other and...

"Ahem!" A voice cleared, getting them out of the sizzling mood.

Angelo quickly moved his eyes to the voice that cleared and when he saw the person that was standing there, he smiled even brighter. His heart started racing and he actually giggled, blushing softly.

"Jack!" He gasped, moving away from his husband. "What are you doing here?"

"Oh! Sorry for ruining your moment with your..."

"Oh! Forget about it all." Angelo quickly gripped his friend, pulling him into a tight hug. Jack hugged him back and the two just embraced.

"What are you doing here?" Angelo just held his hands. 

"Hmm," Jack raised his eyebrow. "Am I not welcome here or what?"

"No!" He chuckled softly. "It's just that I am really surprised to see you here."

"Okay." Jack chuckled nervously. "I heard you had a photo shoot and I had nothing to do so..." He looked around. "...I came here to see how everything is going. But by the look of things, I think I might be a little too late."

"Yeah!" He sighed. "You just missed it a lot. In fact, you and Gabriel just arrived." He moved his eyes to his husband. "But I am done with everything so... why don't we just have a drink or... just hang out?"

"I think that's a great idea." Gabriel smiled brightly, looking at both friends. "Hey Jack!"

"Hi!"

"Okay." Angelo said, looking at both his husband and his best friend, his most trusted people. "Since we have all agreed about that, I will go and get changed so why don't you two wait for me as I get changed."

"Okay."

Angelo smiled at his husband and then kissed him softly on the lips before finally going away to get changed. He went to a room and then changed his outfit to a beautiful red skinny jean, white designer's t-shirt and yellow sneakers. Now he was ready to spend a really good time with the people that he loved the most.

As he was coming out of the room, he met with his beautiful smiling assistant who was eyeing him.

"Are you leaving, sir?" She asked softly.

"Yes!" He nodded softly, folding his arms on his chest. "Why? Is there any problem?"

"No!" She chuckled nervously, shaking her head. "It's just that I thought we were supposed to go back to the company."

"Yeah!" He nodded. "But I have changed my mind. I am going out with my husband."

"Okay. So should I..."

"Yes!" He nodded, smiling at his assistant. "You are gonna go back to the company and tell everyone that I want all the work done before I come to the office tomorrow."

"Yes! But..."

"No buts..." He warned, pointing his finger at his assistant. "You are gonna go back to the company and that's final. Okay."

"Yes!" She nodded softly.

Without saying another word to her, Angelo left. He met up with his husband and his friend who seemed to have a pretty good conversation going though he couldn't hear exactly what they were saying to each other.

"So... are you guys ready or you are too busy talking?" He joked, looking happily at the two of them. 

"Of course," His husband said happily, wrapping his arm tightly around his gorgeous neck. Then he pressed a kiss on his head. "We are ready. We were just waiting for you okay?"

"Okay." He looked at his friend and smiled brightly at him. "Let's go."

The three guys agreed and then left the premises. Angelo was really happy that day especially after having a successful yet tiresome day. Though it was getting really late and a little dark, he didn't care about anything as long as he was with his husband and his best friend. Everything was going on perfectly.

Angelo loved how his husband was kissing him from time and then saying sweet words that he really loved like crazy. He was acting like a fool in love but after all, he was with his husband and didn't give a hoot about anything else.

Angelo went in the car with his husband while the car he had come with was taken to his house. Gabriel dismissed the guards because apparently, he just wanted them to be free that day. Jack was following behind the two of them.

During the trip to the hotel where they were having their dinner, Angelo's hotel...Gabriel had Angelo's hand held in his own. They were the sweet couple that day and things wouldn't have been greater than they were at that very moment. If not for the fact that Gabriel was driving, Angelo was pretty sure that they would have been kissing.

"Ha..." He couldn't wait for that day to get any better.

***

Angelo, his husband and his friend finally reached the hotel restaurant after almost an hour of driving. It was a little dark but they were not worried at all. After all, they were together and that was all that mattered.

Angelo and his beautiful people found a table and sat on it happily. The restaurant was packed with beautiful, elegant and rich looking people. They were quite many people and they were all busy talking with each other.

Gabriel sat near Angelo's chair, taking his hand beautifully in his. He rubbed on it softly before planting a soft kiss on it. Angelo chuckled and then looked at his happy looking husband.

As they were seated there, the restaurant manager approached them and he had a great smile on his gorgeous face as soon as he saw Angelo.

"Welcome to our hotel, sir." He slowly bowed his head with his hands behind his back. 

"Thank you so much." He smiled at the manager.

"It's been really long, sir." He chuckled softly.

"Yeah!" He nodded. "We came here to have our dinner. Can we please have the menu?"

"Okay."

The manager went away and the three guys continued chatting and laughing together. It wasn't long before a waiter with a beautiful smile came to them and handed the menu to them. They did a couple of passing through before they finally ordered some food, some sauce and champagne. 

Angelo loved his hotel, a hotel he had established just a few years back. It was doing great and the number of guests was increasing on a daily basis ranging from local guests to international guests. His hotel was known for its elegancy and its hospitality. It was becoming more and more popular every day. He loved how it was doing on the market.

It wasn't long before the waiter came back with a tray of food which smelled wonderful even from a distance away. They were really happy because that meant that they were gonna be full. That evening was only gonna get better than it was.

The waiter slowly started serving them sweetly, smiling in his own little way. Angelo was really busy having a chat with his husband and his friend. He knew the waiter was gonna do a really great job in servicing them.

As Angelo was busy talking to his friend and husband, something happened that really shocked and made him really mad. He had been talking, smiling and enjoying his wonderful moment when the waiter slightly slipped and poured the entire soup on his shirt.  

"What the..." Angelo quickly moved his eyes to his shirt, quickly getting up from the chair. 

What Angelo saw was a really huge soup stain on his shirt, near his chest? He quickly held his shirt as his anger slowly slipped right through him, taking control of his body in surprise. Lucky for him, the soup was not really hot but it was a little warm and he could feel it on his skin.

"What the fuck!" He shouted, still looking at his shirt.

"Baby?" Gabriel quickly got up, getting a cloth on the table. "Oh my God, I am really so sorry."

Gabriel quickly started rubbing the soup off his baby's shirt. "I hope you are not burnt or anything."

Ignoring his husband's question, Angelo furiously moved his eyes to the waiter who was holding a tray, shaking like a leaf. He seemed frozen, staring at the place where he had poured the soup on his boss. He couldn't even move an inch but the way he was trembling actually showed that he was really scared. There was some soup on his hand but he didn't seem to notice because he was probably in too much fear to even care.

"You?" Angelo snapped, moving away from his husband to the scared waiter. "What the hell do you think you are doing?"

The guy slowly moved his head up to stare into Angelo's face. Then he trembled even more. But Angelo was boiling in his anger. His heart was pounding deeper in his chest... his breaths were really harsh and he was trembling in anger. He had his angry eyes fixed on the man that had dared do that to him in front of the guests.

"Have you seen what you just did to me?" He snarled. "What if I got burnt and..." He paused, looking at the foolish man that made his blood boil. "...Can't you say something, you stupid man and..."

"It was a mistake and..."

Before the man could even afford to finish his sentence, Angelo furiously raised his hand in the air and smacked him across the face as hard as he could. The man slightly moved and held his cheek hard, dropping his eyes to the floor.

"A mistake?" He chuckled bitterly. "Do I pay you idiots to make mistakes in this hotel? What kind of stupid idiot are you and what are you doing in this hotel if you can't actually afford to work without making a mistake? Why would..."
