 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to the ninth chapter of this interesting story. Before diving into this story, I would like to say that I love you guys a lot. Thank you so much for your support and love. I just hope this chapter will be really interesting to you guys. Don't forget to drop your comments and rate this story.

Happy reading...

***

Miguel arrived at his mansion looking really sad, angry and quiet. He had guards with him and they were following him right behind. His mood was not the same after visiting that cemetery but what he knew was that he did need to visit it. After all, it was his past and he couldn't just leave it like that or even forget about it. There was no future without a past, right?

Miguel sighed, stopping in his tracks. He did a quick check of his mansion and did a remembrance of his old mansion which definitely brought pain to him and his entire system. He just wanted to forget about everything but how was that ever gonna be possible when he couldn't even run away from that past. It was right in his face.

With a deep breath, Miguel took a quick glance at his guards.

"It's okay. You may leave me alone now." He said softly.

"Yes!" they both bowed and quickly left.

Miguel started slowly going inside before he saw Brian rushing down the stairs in his beautiful blue cargo short and red t-shirt. He was looking really worried, staring right into Miguel's gorgeous face.

"What? Are you crazy? Do you know how worried I was? Where did you go?"

"I am fine." Miguel said harshly. "The important thing is that I am back, right?"

"What?" Brian came and stood right in front of him, blocking his path. "This is so not like you. Do you know what time it is? It is almost one in the morning and you've never returned this late before. Are you sure everything is alright with you?"

"I told you I am fine." Miguel roared. "You shouldn't worry about me because nothing will ever happen to me, not again. On the other hand, you shouldn't have waited for me. You should have just gone straight to bed. I am not a child you know."

"Yes! You are not a child." Brian said with a sigh. "But you are younger than me and it is only natural if I worry."

"Well! You shouldn't ever worry because you are just wasting your time." He chuckled bitterly, looking deep in Brian's eyes. Their eyes locked. "Nothing will ever happen to me again. In fact, they should even be worried about themselves because..."

"Were you crying?" Brian asked, raising his eyebrow.

"What?" Miguel said harshly, moving away from Brian. But Brian's hand quickly gripped him and pulled him back. "Get your hands off me, Brian." He said with warning in his voice. 

"No!" Brian shook his head. "I wanna know what the truth is. Were you crying or something?"

"What does it matter to you?" He furiously released his arm. "Why should you care about that, uh?"

"Because I do care about you and you are really important to me." Brian yelled. "You are the only family that I have and you know that. I know what you are passing through especially with your return so please, tell me why you were crying."

Miguel looked at Brian for a really long time. Normally, he didn't like the behavior Brian had just expressed on him. He hated it so much that it made him a little sick. All he wanted was to just go to his room, take a hot shower and just sleep in peace.

"I went to the cemetery." He said simply. "I went to visit my parents and of course, Angelo."

Hearing what Miguel had just said, Brian just covered his mouth and looked right at him. He knew what exactly going to the cemetery did to Miguel. He knew it very well and he got a little scared. The only time Miguel went to the cemetery was when he was in trouble or when he was deeply hurt or even worse.

"Oh my God," Brian gasped, touching his chest. "Miguel, I had no idea. I am really sorry about that. Please. Forgive me and..."

"Why are you apologizing?" He chuckled bitterly. "It's not like you did anything wrong to me."

"I know that." He sighed. "But why did you go to the cemetery this night? What's really bothering you, Miguel?"

Miguel looked at Brian and his eyes just became glassy with tears. But he suppressed them and chuckled bitterly, moving away from him. He was heading straight for the wine dispenser. He was still laughing as he took a glass.

"I need a drink." He laughed, pointing at Brian. "I really need a drink."

Hearing what he had just said, Brian quickly rushed to him and held his arm tightly, bringing him closer to him.

"No! You don't need to drink and..." before he could even finish his sentence, he trailed off when he looked at Miguel's hand. It was bloody and it got him really scared.

"I need a drink."

"How did you get hurt?" Brian quavered, holding his hand sweetly. "You are bleeding and..."

"I am fine. This wound is nothing compared to any pain that I have passed through."

"No!" Brian shook his head. "You are hurt and I need to clean it and cover it up, okay. You are still bleeding and..."

"It's just a small cut. Leave me alone."

"I am gonna cover that wound whether you like it or not." Brian yelled. "Now just shut up and sit down on that couch, okay. I will attend to your wound and you can do anything you want afterwards."

"Suit yourself." Miguel furiously put the glass down and then went to the couch and sat there with his arms crossed.

Brian on the other hand just rushed to get the first aid to attend to the stubborn boy's wounds. He couldn't still believe that Miguel could be that careless. He was still worried about what could have driven him to go to the cemetery in the first place.

***

"Here you go." Brian said as he carefully bandaged the small cut. "It was just a small cut. It is nothing to worry about and..."

"I went to Gabriel and Jack's house." He said simply.

"What?" Brian said, quickly raising his head to stare into Miguel's face. "Why would you do that, uh?"

"You know the reason why I went there." He sighed, getting up from the couch. "I need to get back into their lives."

"Yeah, I know that but you've only succeeded in hurting yourself even more." He got up and looked right into Miguel's eyes. "Why didn't you tell me? I could have helped you."

"No!" he said with a fake smile. "I needed to do this alone. I am not scared or anything. They are nothing compared to what I have been through. They had hurt me and they killed me years back, you know that."

"Yes! But I am just worried about you. Who knows what you must have been through?"

Miguel chuckled bitterly, fighting the tears which were forming in his eyes. "A lot has changed in that mansion, Brian. It is not like the way I left it years ago."

"Yeah, I understand you completely." Brian said with a pat on Miguel's shoulder. "They betrayed you and I know that. You had passed through a lot and it quite painful. But I know that a light will shine in your life once again."

Hearing what Brian had just said, Miguel just gave a teasing laugh and shook his head. "The only way I will ever be able to get my life back is..." he trailed off and just looked at Brian. He took a sigh and just nodded. "...my plans will still go on and I will get back everything that I have lost."

"But..."

"I am sleepy now." He said harshly. "I really need to shower and sleep because I have so much work to do tomorrow so if you excuse me..."

"Miguel, wait a minute. I just need..."

"Goodnight." He said without any sign of caring in his voice.

Without saying anything further, Miguel rushed to the elevator and then quickly went to his room. Reaching the room, he closed the door and leaned towards the door, looking all around. His room was simply big.

There was a beautiful queen sized bed on the right side which had beautiful blood red beddings. There was a huge TV, a sky light, pitch black couches, a glass table and so much more. There were three other doors. One led to the bathroom, the other led to the office in his room and the other led to a big room were all his classy clothes were.

With a deep sigh, Miguel started heading towards the bed, looking around everywhere. He remembered just how his life had been three years ago. It had been perfect and everything else had been wonderful and beautiful. He had been living the life of a king but now... he was completely different. He was no longer that boy he was years ago. He was completely different. He was worse than he had been years ago.

"Three years," He clenched his fists harder. He didn't even mind that he had a wound in that hand. "I will not rest until this thirst is gone. I only live for one thing."

Miguel slowly went to his bed and sat there, looking all around. He still wanted a lot to be done and there was just a lot that had to be done. He knew that very well. He wasn't gonna rest until it was done like the way he had planned it.

After staying on that bed for a really long time, Miguel stripped to his under wear, grabbed a towel and then wrapped it around his neck. He quickly went to shower before finally retiring to his bed. He had just had a terrible day.

***

"Fine, I know that I have to be there." Miguel said harshly as he came down the stairs. "But I don't think I will make it today, okay?"

"But sir," His assistant said softly on the other end of the line. "What do you want us to do? You said that..."

"I know what I said, okay?" He gave a gloomy sigh. "But I have to meet up with a really important client and there is just a lot that I have to do today. I know I told you to get everything ready for approval."

"Yes! I have already done that."

"Good! That means that you know how to do your job perfectly." He laughed softly. "I want you to get everything ready and send it to my house immediately. I will review it and sign it as soon as I return in the evening."

"Alright, sir," She said softly.

"But tell everyone to continue with what they were working on, okay? I don't want any mistakes at all. I cannot risk losing anything."

"Yes, sir."

Without saying anything else, Miguel cut the call and held his wonderful phone in his hands. He continued going down the stairs with a serious face.

Miguel was putting on a beautiful yellow shirt which was half way done, revealing his beautiful hairless chest. The shirt was a little tight on him and it was absolutely gorgeous. He was putting on a beautiful pitch black designer's trouser. He had red shoes on his feet and with his perfect movements, he was looking sexy. His hair was tied in a curled ponytail and he was just looking lovely as if he was a king on the run way.

As he came down the stairs, he saw his guards waiting for him.

"Morning sir," they greeted, slightly bowing their heads.

"Is everything ready?" he asked.

"Yes!" They both answered. "We have prepared your car and it is waiting for you outside."

"Good! Wait for me outside. I will be there in just a minute, okay."

"Okay."

The guards bowed and left. As soon as they left, Miguel made his way to the dining room where he found Brian busy with his breakfast.

"Good morning," Brian greeted, smiling as brightly as he could. "How was your night?"

"It was okay." Miguel grabbed a chair and sat there. Brian poured some tea for him and gave it to him. He took it with a loaf of bread and started having his breakfast.

"By the way, I wanted to talk to you about something." Brian said softly, folding his arms on his chest. "I just hope you don't mind."

"If this has anything to do with what happened yesterday then I suggest you don't speak to me at all." He said, taking a sip of his tea. "I don't wanna talk about what happened last night, okay?"

Brian remained quiet for a minute. "But I just wanted to know if you..."

"I am done." He got up from the chair. "I have a meeting with a really important client and I think..." He paused and took a quick glance at his watch. "...I am getting a little late. You know how I am when it comes to work so... I will see you when I come back, okay?"

"Fine." Brian nodded. "I will see you later."

With a faint smile, Miguel looked at Brian and then left. His day had already started and he was really hoping that nothing was gonna go wrong. He just wanted everything to be smooth without any interruptions.

***

"Oh! Thank you so much." Miguel smiled brightly, greeting the man he had just come from meeting.

They had been at a hotel and everything had just gone like the way he had wanted it to be. Both of them were satisfied and they were perfectly happy with how everything had just gone.

"You don't have to thank me." The man chuckled, shaking his hand happily. "I should be the one thanking you, Mr. Powers for everything. It will be my pleasure to be doing business with you."

Miguel smiled brightly. "I will see you later then?"

"Yes! We shall see each other soon." The tall blonde man said. "Thank you."

With a quick hand shake and a smile, Miguel got on his way. He had just struck another wonderful deal with another big business man in the country. His company was growing bigger and bigger every day. 

Miguel came out of the room with a serious face, taking a quick glance at his watch. He had spent almost three hours with that man in the hotel room and it was worth it. Everything was just the way that it should have been.

Miguel went straight to the elevator and started heading down. He didn't have his guards with him because he didn't wanna be disturbed. He rather told them to wait in the car. After all, what could happen to him at a public place?

It wasn't long before the elevator door opened on the first floor. Miguel came out and he was already attracting the attention of some of the people. They were smiling at him and he tried his best to smile at them.

Miguel was walking fast, heading for the exit. He was about to go out when suddenly something happened, something that made him stop and freeze. As soon as he moved his eyes towards the entrance, he just met with the smile of Jack. He was with Gabriel and the both of them were holding on to each other like bread and butter.

The very first glance Miguel took, he felt really terrible and angry. His heart gave a sharp pound in his chest and every pain that he had ever experienced came to him. The way the two of them had betrayed him came to him and his wound reopened. He hated them so much and he wished nothing but death for the death.

"Oh my God," Jack gasped, looking at Miguel with surprise. "What a surprise. Miguel! What are you doing here?"

"What the fuck?" Miguel thought as he clenched his fists harder, dying to strangle the idiot's neck.

With a deep breath, Miguel did his best and put up a really bright smile. "Jack! I was about to ask the same thing. What... what are you doing here?"

Jack chuckled, looking at his cute husband. "Well! I am here with my husband." He chuckled nervously, burying his head on his husband's chest for a few seconds. "We just came here to have some lunch."

"Oh!" He said as if he didn't care. "I actually came here to meet up with a client. We had a meeting and now it's over so..."

"A client?" Jack chuckled nervously. "Must have been really important, uh?" 

"Of course," Miguel said with an assuring smile. Meanwhile, he was dying deep inside and he did his best to control himself. "I only deal with important business men. I actually don't have time for small time businessmen. I am sure you know what I mean, right?"

Jack couldn't believe he'd just heard that. "Who doesn't?" He chuckled nervously. "I think we are alike in so many things, if you know what I am saying."

"Of course," he folded his arms on his chest. "I know exactly what you are trying to say to me. But I don't agree with you on this one. I am a different kind of person when it comes to business. No one is like me."

"Oh!" Jack had no idea whether Miguel was boasting or what. "You are probably right. Anyway, I told you we are going to have lunch so why don't you come and join us? It will be really wonderful to have lunch with you."

The sight of Jack and Gabriel really irritated Miguel so much that he wanted to throw up. He knew what Jack was trying to do but he wasn't gonna fall for it. Jack was trying to be all nice but he was nothing but a beast.

"I am afraid I can't do that." Miguel said with a smile. "I have a lot that I have to do at the office." He lied. "I will have lunch there when I am hungry. Besides, you and your husband are probably gonna have a romantic lunch. You need to be alone."

"Oh no," Gabriel chuckled nervously, looking right into Miguel's beautiful face. There was just something about that face that Gabriel couldn't figure out. "We don't mind at all. Last time you came to our house you didn't drink coffee so let's treat you to lunch."

"No! I still insist." He said confidently with a serious face.

"Please." Jack pulled away from Gabriel and quickly rushed to Miguel. He held his hand softly but Miguel quickly pulled away. Jack's hand felt as if it was spiked.

"I..."

"Please. Allow us to do this. At least, to thank you for saving my life that night."

"No! What I did the other time is just what anyone in my shoes would have done." He shook his head. "I really have to go now. Have a good time."

Hearing what Miguel had just said, Jack gave a gloomy sigh, getting back into his husband's arms.

"If you really don't want then... I can't force you."

"Okay. Goodbye." Miguel said with a faint smile.

Jack nodded. "See you later."

Jack looked at his husband and they both started going inside. They were still holding each other like the sexy couple that they thought they were. They needed to show the world that they loved each other so much.

On the other hand, Miguel made a quick turn and looked at the couple that was going inside the hotel. He was so angry that his body shook in anger. 

"Enjoy yourselves while you can." He thought, clenching his trembling fists. "It won't be too long before you start crying. I just hope you are ready for me because I am back and I am back with vengeance."

With an evil grin, Miguel made a quick turn and left the hotel.

"I thought you said you didn't like him." Gabriel said softly, holding Jack closer to himself.

"I thought I didn't too." Jack gave a mocking chuckle. "But guess that has changed."

"Why? Is it because he saved your life the other night?"

"I don't know, maybe." Jack laughed softly, looking at Gabriel with love in his eyes. "But I can't help but feel that there is something strange about him. Do you see how he reacts at times when he is around us? I mean the two times that we've met with him?"

"No!" Gabriel shook his head. "I think you are just over thinking things. It is because he always rejects our invitation. The guy is probably a busy guy."

"Hmm," Jack sighed. "I guess you are right."

"Don't worry about it." Gabriel stopped and planted a soft kiss on Jack's lips.

"I am not worried." Jack said softly.

"Okay then," He took a deep breath. "Let's go and have our lunch then. We still have a lot to do at the office."

"Yes!" Jack laughed softly.

The two guys kissed one more time before they both went into the hotel restaurant to have their lunch.

***

Miguel came out of the hotel and he was burning in anger. His heart was pounding deeper in his chest, threatening to rip out. His body was trembling in anger... his mind was filled with a lot of things that he couldn't even think properly. He was so much in pain.

"How could they?" He thought as he fought hard not to cry. "They are gonna pay for this."

Miguel couldn't believe that those people he had met with a few minutes ago had been his most trusted people three years ago. He couldn't believe he had loved Gabriel so much. He had given him everything, his body, his heart, his soul and his entire being. That same man had taken his virginity. It was really painful.
