 Welcome to the third chapter of this story. Thank you guys so much for your great love and encouragement. Thank you so much. I just hope this chapter will be really interesting to all of you. Don't forget to drop your comments and views about this chapter. Enjoy...

*****

Angelo came out of the room where he kept all his clothes, letting loose his hair. It needed to be free and breathe because he felt as if his hair had a really bad day too. But come to think of it, he humiliated the greatest idiot he'd ever encountered, a stupid pig. So it wasn't that bad after all. And whatever he had planned was gonna be ruined by Angelo himself.

Angelo was only putting on a beautiful blue short, a white tank top with yellow slippers on his feet. He was still feeling really tired and needed to rest and just make his mind rest. He still had a lot of work to do since the idiot had ruined his day.

"Gosh!"

When Angelo entered his room and started heading for the bed, he found his husband seated on the bed looking down on the floor. He knew it wasn't the guy's fault but the fact that he had shouted at him was what was angering him the most. He didn't appreciate it at all.

Taking a gloomy sigh, Angelo started going towards the bed with no intention of apologizing to his husband because as far as he knew, he had done nothing wrong. His husband had shouted at him for no reason which had never happened before.

Angelo rushed past his husband and started heading for the bed. But before he even took a few steps, he felt a hand gripping his hand tightly. He knew it was husband but he just stopped without making a turn. He was waiting for his husband to make the first move.

Gabriel slowly rose up and then walked in front of Angelo, seeing just how mad he was. The boy moved his face away when Gabriel looked in his eyes. It got him hurt and he knew that he had done something that he shouldn't have done in the first place.

Gabriel took a really deep breath, dropping his eyes to the floor. "I am so sorry, baby. I am really sorry for what I did back there. Please, forgive me for being like that." But Angelo still wasn't looking at him. "Please. Say something, baby. Do something to me. You can slap me... you can hit me... you can yell at me but don't just give the silent treatment. It's really killing me."

He took a deep sigh, slowly moving his hands to cup Angelo's cheeks. He brought his face to the front and looked in those fierce eyes which showed him just how angry he had made his husband. What was he going to do to make it up to him?

"Baby, please..." Gabriel put his hands together. "I was just scared for you, for us. What if that politician gets back at you? You know he is very powerful and..."

"That doesn't give him the right to..."

"I know..." Gabriel sighed, rubbing on Angelo's hot cheeks. "That shouldn't have happened and I am mad right now thinking that he wanted to have you. But... you shouldn't have humiliated him like that. You should have just thrown him out with his clothes on. I am sure that other politicians will..."

"They will do nothing." Angelo bellowed, giving his husband a cold look. "I don't give a damn about any politician. Let them try me and I swear their own will be really harsh."

"But..."

"I don't give a fuck about their offers." He pulled away from his husband. "I will never allow any man to abuse me ever again. I will humiliate anyone else who tries that stunt with me. I don't even give a damn if the president of this state gets involved because I will not allow anyone to step on me."

With an angry nod, Angelo started walking away but Gabriel gripped his waist tightly, resting his head on his back. "I am sorry, baby..." He said in a sad tone. "Please. Stop hurting me like this. I love you so much and I can't bear not talking to you. Please. Understand the reason why I did that. I thought your life would be in danger. You know how much I love and I can't imagine life without you by my side. I need you every day, baby.

I need to feel your warm kisses every morning and every night. I want to feel your beautiful body close to mine. I want you lying in my arms every night and waking up from the same arms. I wanna hear your heartbeat each morning I wake up and see that beautiful smile which makes any man go insane." He said sadly, gripping Angelo harder. He didn't want to let him go. He just wanted to hold him for all eternity.

"Just talk to me, baby. Please. I just want you to forgive me. I am ready to do anything for you to forgive me. Please. I know I am a fool for not believing you and not asking you what had happened, my love. I love you so much." He started planting soft kisses on Angelo's neck, making him feel warmer.

Angelo took a deep sigh of relief. He had no idea why he couldn't stay mad at Gabriel for just a few minutes. He loved the guy so much that he couldn't bear to hear him beg. He deserved better than that. He deserved love and not hate.

Angelo sighed, rubbing on the arms which had tightly held his waist. "It's okay, my love. It's really fine."

Hearing Angelo's words, Gabriel felt as if he had just woken up from a deep nightmare where Angelo had gotten mad at him. Hearing his words was actually breathtaking for Gabriel. He burst into a soft chuckle, quickly moving to the front of his sweet looking baby.

"What's that?"

"It's fine." He said softly. "It's not your fault after all. It's all mine and..."

"No! Please. Don't say anything like that. You haven't done anything wrong." He leaned down and kissed him softly on the lips. "Does that make you feel better?"

"Yes!" Angelo nodded.

"Then why do I feel as if you are still mad at me?" He dropped his eyes but Angelo cupped his cheeks.

"I am not mad at you, my love. Please, try to..."

"Then why are you still not smiling." Gabriel took a deep sigh, staring into the eyes that he looked at with love. "I want you to smile brightly if you have forgiven me."

With a soft chuckle, Angelo gave about the brightest smile which he knew his husband was gonna love. When Gabriel saw the smile, he smiled himself and brought Angelo closer to him. He leaned down and captured those sweet lips once again. But this time he was being gentle and passionate. He needed to show his husband how much he loved him and to make it up to him for what he had done. He kissed him softly, carefully sucking on his tongue as both moaned in each other's mouths. By the time they pulled away, they were both gasping for air.

"Thank you." Angelo breathed, trying to catch his breath. "This really helped me a lot. I knew your kiss would be able to take my troubles away."

"Yeah, but..."

"You don't have to worry." Angelo reassured, rubbing on his husband's chest. "That politician will do nothing to me. He can never ever hurt me. I know you think I am bitter but I don't just do things without reason. I will handle it."

"I am just scared, my love." Gabriel confessed, taking Angelo's lips in his mouth again. He then breathed in sensually. "I just want you to be really careful."

"I am careful." Angelo promised. "Now can we drop this because I am really sleepy? I want to feel your arms wrapped tightly around me."

"Okay."

Angelo and Gabriel held each other and then slipped under the covers. Before they lay on the bed, Gabriel grasped the back of Angelo's head and planted a really hot kiss which exploded their hormones. They kissed for a long time, just exploring each other's mouths and moaning while they were at it. They were really happy with what was going on. Gabriel was somehow scared but he couldn't say that to Angelo because he knew the guy was gonna tell him the same thing over and over again.

After kissing for what felt like hours, Angelo and Gabriel pulled away from each other's swollen lips with smiles on their faces.

"I love you."

"I love you too."

Gabriel opened his arms wider and Angelo found his way on his chest. He secured Angelo in his arms, holding him tighter. Then he planted a hot kiss on his head and just loved the warm feeling of having a hot boy in his arms.

"Goodnight."

Angelo felt his eyes getting heavy especially with the warmth of Gabriel's arms. He closed his eyes and slipped off to dream land.

***

"Okay. I will be waiting and hurry it up."

Angelo cut the call and then continued going down the stairs. As he was going downstairs, he saw his friend rushing in and he was looking super worried and it made Angelo wonder what the hell was wrong with him. He had just been talking to one of his workers at his food industry. He needed all the work which needed to be reviewed, signed and approved. He needed them to be brought home so that he could work on them. He knew there were quite many but he didn't feel like going to the company that day. He was just gonna work on them at home and then take them back when he would be done with them.

Angelo was just wearing a deep green skinny trouser, blue t-shirt and black sandals. His husband had been right behind him but had forgotten something in their bedroom. But now he was seeing his worried looking friend but he was really hoping it wasn't what he was thinking.

"Hey!" Angelo called loudly as he took the last step on the staircase. "What's up?"

"There you are." Jack said impatiently, rushing towards him. 

"Yes! Why?" Angelo and jack met and then went to the living room. They both sat hand in hand but Jack was really worried which made Angelo a little worried.

"And may I know the reason why you are wearing that face?"

Jack took a deep breath, rubbing his hands on Angelo's. "Is what I have read true? Please, tell me that it isn't true because you have really scared me a lot."

"I have no idea what..."

"I am talking about what happened with Henry Lamb..."

"Oh that." He hissed, chuckling softly. "Is that the reason why you look worried and sweaty? That is just a petty issue and..."

"Seriously?" Jack gulped, looking straight into his friend's eyes. "Please, tell me you didn't actually do it. Tell me those are just allegations and..."

"Of course," He laughed when his friend took a deep sigh of relief. "I did all those things. What's wrong with that?"

"How could you?" Jack furiously got up, snapping at his friend. "Do you actually know what this means, uh?

"Yes!" Angelo nodded, crossing his legs. "And will you please stop acting like a scaredy cat? I am absolutely fine."

"Angelo... seriously what..."

"Look, you don't know the rest of the story but I will cut it short for you." He smiled brightly at his friend. "The pig came to my office, he attempted to have sex with me so I played his game and turned the tables on him. Now isn't that great news?'

"What?" He gasped, still looking at his friend. "We are talking about a powerful politician..."

"Who doesn't know how to keep his cock in his pants." Angelo chimed in, giving a hilarious laugh. "I think he won't try this again. That man better stay clear off me and..."

"The media have targeted him." Jack sounded really scared, scared for his friend. "The news is everywhere and in news papers and every social media. He said you overstepped your boundaries and stepped on a tiger's tail and it's gonna attack real soon. He has promised to deal with you for disgracing him and..."

"I knew he wouldn't have said the real reason why he was naked in the first place. What a stupid pervert and coward. He is..."

"He is a politician. Who do you think they are gonna believe between the two of you."

"I don't give a fuck." Angelo slightly raised his voice. "Now will you sit your ass down and let's talk about something else? Seriously, I am getting sick of hearing people talk about how great that idiot is. Anyway, all of you should know I don't give a hoot about it. He messed with the wrong boy and he was lucky that hairy ass of his wasn't exposed for everyone to see because if he dares me again, I will leave him naked in the streets."

Jack tried to speak but he was speechless. He was trying to understand what the hell was wrong with his best friend. He was trying to understand why he messed with a politician in the first place. Now things were gonna just get complicated. Just thinking about everything only made him more worried.

As they both stood quietly, Gabriel came rushing to the living room in just a cargo short and a dark blue t-shirt with green sandals. He was looking at his husband but when he saw Jack, a grin appeared on his face and he chuckled happily.

"Hey, Jack. It has really been long." He rushed to him, patting on his back. "I am glad you are here."

"Yeah, thanks." Jack said without even turning to look at Gabriel.

"So why don't you..."

"How could you allow your husband to do this?" Jack finally turned and gave Gabriel a lecture. "Why would he go out there and embarrass a politician of all people. So he has now moved from workers to powerful men that can bring him down?"

"Jack, I..."

"Gabriel seriously, you need to tame this boy. He is getting out control."

"I am sorry, Jack..." Gabriel breathed in deeply, moving his head from side to side." What am I to do? You know how your friend is. Anyway, I don't know what to do and..."

"This is getting out of hand and I swear one day he will get..."

"Will you two stop talking as if I am not here?" He got up, looking at the two of them. "I am in a very good mood and I am begging you to please shut the hell up. Talking about that damn pig is only making my blood boil."

"But..."

"Jack! I am requesting you this. If you are my friend then you'll grant this to me. I made that mess so let me handle it. You don't have to carry my burden."

"Angel, we have been friends since I can remember. You are like my younger brother and I am just concerned about you."

"Yeah, thanks." Angelo laughed softly. "But I actually don't need anyone to look out for me. I can take care of myself. I always have done that since... I was really young. This is just a petty issue which is making me mad so please, if you really love me like you say you do then... you will drop this issue right now."

Jack and Gabriel looked at each other worried, moving their eyes to Angelo. They still looked worried but they both knew what needed to be done.

"Okay." Jack acted as if he gave up, raising his hands in the air.

"Good!" He walked to his friend, patting on his shoulder. "Now that wasn't so bad was it?"

"Angelo..."

"I think you two needs to relax. Why done we go out and chill alright?" Angelo was acting really confident. Jack and Gabriel were afraid he was too overconfident and he would be crashed by that politician.

Angelo took the two guys outside and then did his best to cheer them up. In no time at all, they were all sitting at the pool side with their legs in the water, just talking about other things, mostly about Angelo's businesses and how they were progressing. It was a great day for Angelo, his best friend and his husband. They had lunch and then hit the gym to try and work out even though Angelo was not very much interested in it. He loved his body that way.

The rest of the day went perfectly and Jack had dinner before he decided to go home. That day, the documents Angelo had demanded were brought to his house but he didn't even sign them or even review them. He was just too busy.

The next day, Angelo spent the rest of his day just passing through all the documents which had been brought to him. There were quite many and he spent his whole day just reading through, signing and approving them. He was impressed that he didn't reject any of the documents. Guess the people were really getting serious.

Angelo had spent that day like he was at his office. Even though his husband talked to him at times, he finished late in the evening and packed them in a bag. A few minutes later an agent from the company dropped by and picked the documents and took them back to the company.

The story of Angelo and the politician was trending on social media and even on TV. The politician was saying a lot of things blah-blah-blah, which he wasn't even interested in. Most of them were promises to deal with Angelo.

He was still waiting for that day when the politician would show up. He was ready for him.

***

"Oh fuck..." Gabriel moaned softly, moving his head from side to side as pure ecstatic pleasure made him vibrate. He had his mouth wide open, gasping softly while he moaned Angelo's name as if he was a god.

"Angelo..." Gabriel gave a loud cry of ecstasy. He couldn't believe the amount of pleasure that Aidan had him bound in. "Oh my... fuck..." His voice rose, filling the entire room.

"Yes!" Angelo moaned, dropping his head while a moan escaped his throat. "You like... that?"

"Yes!" Gabriel moaned as he thrust his hips upwards, slamming his entire cock inside that sweet hole. "Fuck! You taste... oh... sweet..."

"Yes!" Aidan bit his lips harder, enjoying the feel of Gabriel's cock inside his ass, hitting his sweet spot with intense power. His entire body was engulfed into that pleasure that felt as if he was going insane. "Feel that..."

"Yes!" Gabriel moved his hands, holding Angelo's waist. He was slowly guiding him on his cock, helping him with the movement.

Angelo and Gabriel were making love, well if you could call it that. Angelo was on top of Gabriel, sitting on his cock. He was riding Gabriel, simply driving him insane when he humped on that massive cock. Gabriel was lying on his back, enjoying the pleasure he was getting from Angelo's ass. He loved it when Angelo rode him because the pleasure was just too intense.

"Oh my sweet... oh..." 

"You like that?" Angelo moved his hands up, gripping his hair as hard as he could. He moaned loudly. "Oh, Gabriel... you feel so good inside of me. Oh..." Angelo gasped, his body writhing as he mercilessly rode that cock, pounding his ass down that massive cock in fast and relentless strokes. 

"Oh..." Gabriel felt like his insides were about to explode. He was slowly thrusting his hips upwards, meeting with Angelo's powerful ass strokes.

Gabriel had his eyes on the boy that was moaning his brains out as if he was going insane with pleasure. The look on his face was priceless. It was as if he smelled a brand new car. The way he bit his lips... the way he sucked his lips... the way he gripped his hair as he rode that big cock... the moans that tore from his throat... the sweat which was forming on his body, glittering wonderfully... the hotness of his body... the ecstatic pleasure he was giving his husband... the feel of his ass on his cock, it was all heaven to Gabriel. He couldn't have wished for anything.

Gabriel's world was spinning uncontrollably, giving him more pleasure each second. Angelo was riding him so good that his cock was hitting his prostate every time. Angelo's pleasure was so intense that each time Gabriel hit his pleasure button, his vision blurred for a second. He felt like he was about to pass out.

"Oh... I like it when you ride me." Gabriel moaned, biting his lips harder. "I wanna feel more of your ass. I want you to ride me like you mean it."

"Oh... yeah..." Angelo got Gabriel's cock almost all the way out and then went back on it with more force, hitting his pubes harder. Angelo gave a loud scream of ecstasy when he felt how violently Gabriel's cock hit his prostate. He could have sworn that he felt tears pouring down his cheeks from the joy and excitement which took control of his body. 

He did it again, this time a little harder. Gabriel moaned like he was put in a vessel of pleasure, meeting with Angelo's erotic moans. He almost passed out and shot at them same time when Angelo humped on him harder. Fuck! Erotic moans of pleasure filled the entire room, sending them to the moon. Sweat was now dripping on their skin like water. It was so hot but that's what added to the pleasure.
