 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello guys and welcome to another intriguing chapter of this story filled with suspense and revenge. Before I go into details I would just love to tell you guys that I love you so much. Thank you for everything.

Don't forget to drop your comments at the end of this chapter and don't forget to rate. I love you once again. Enjoy...

***

Miguel was seated on a small chair outside his mansion looking and admiring the nature which surrounded his place. He had a serious face on and he was somehow trembling, trying to avoid his past pain from creeping into him. He was feeling really terrible and irritated at the same time. This wasn't the way he used to be. I mean he had been bitter in the past but now he was something else, something even more dangerous than he used to be.

As he was seated there, Miguel saw his guard coming out of the mansion. He was looking really sweaty, tired and really serious. When Miguel saw him, he was really hoping that he had already done his job. That was all that he was hoping for.

"Boss?" Mark said softly, taking a deep sigh.

"Yes!" Miguel got up and looked at Mark with a grin on his face. "Has he been able to say anything to you? Has he revealed any name or anything related to the incident which happened years ago?"

"Huh?" Mark sighed, rubbing on his hands. "I have dealt with him and I am sure that he is going to answer all your questions now."

"Okay." Miguel knew that it was now his second time to meet with the monster. "Let's go."

Taking a really deep breath, Miguel started going inside with his guard. He wore his most serious face as he was ready to get an answer when he got there. When they reached the basement entrance, Mark opened the door for him and he entered.

Miguel entered the huge basement and as soon as he entered, he heard whimpering sounds of pain. They somehow made him feel really happy and powerful at the same time. He knew he had the upper hand as the politician was vulnerable. He was gonna get what he wanted.

Miguel got closer to Lambert and he could already see the state that he was in. His nose was bloody... his face was all bruised and he had several bruises all over his body. With the way that he was looking like, Miguel felt really happy.

"Hmm," He chuckled bitter. "You poor unfortunate soul. Just look at the way you are looking like. You are really vulnerable and so disgusting right now."

Miguel got closer to Lambert's face and grinned evilly at him, inflicting even more pain on him.

"How does it feel to be the one on the receiving side right now?" He chuckled bitterly. "How does it feel to know that the same guy you thought you defeated is the same guy that is now giving you pain?"

Lambert raised his face and looked angrily at Miguel as a he gave a loud wince. He had received some great beatings from the stupid guard and it hurt terribly. He spurt out blood and breathed in violently. His heart pounded in his chest as his body shuddered. A frown appeared on his face as he looked at the young man who he didn't consider handsome anymore.

"Let me go." He said with a terrible wince. "Let me go right now. I am..."

"Your commands don't work here." Miguel said harshly, dropping his hand to his hip as an evil grin appeared on his face. "Tell me what I wanna hear and I might just consider keeping you alive?"

"No!" He winced, trying to fight out his pain. "I won't say anything because... because you are gonna kill me as soon as I tell you who they are. Let me go right now and..."

"The only thing I wanna hear from you are the names and identities of those three masked men." He yelled, pointing angrily at Lambert. "I actually don't have time for stupid games so you better spit it out. I need every detail about them."

"No!" Lambert was trying to act confident but he couldn't mask the fear in his voice. "I won't say anything to you and..."

"I guess you've forgotten what kind of person I can be." He chuckled sinisterly, getting extremely close to Lambert's bruised body. "I will remind you."

With an evil chuckle, Miguel thrust his hand forward and gripped Lambert's jaws as hard as he could. Lambert cried out in pain when he felt as if his jaw was about to be ripped off. It was really painful.

"Who the fuck are those men that raped me?" He yelled, adding pressure to his hand. "I want their names right now or I am gonna rip your fucking heart out so don't you fuck with me."

"Ah..." Lambert cried as if the entire earth had just fallen on his head. "...you are not gonna get anything from me because you are only wasting your time, Angelo. I am not scared of you." He cried at the top of his voice. "I am not scared of you."

Hearing Lambert's words, Miguel gripped the jaw harder and then squeezed it, increasing Lambert's pain. Then he got really angry and finally got his hand away from that jaw, leaving Lambert in terrible pains. He could have sworn his jaw had just ripped.

"You think you are brave, uh?" Miguel said in his voice of pain. "You think your political skills are gonna help you right now." He felt tears building in his eyes. "You might have used your power to make sure that I never did emerge if at all I survived. You might have used your power to rape me brutally back then but your political powers don't work here. You are gonna give me those names one way or the other and I am not messing with you. I will get those names out of you."

"Never!" Lambert grinned, chuckling like a maniac. "I know exactly what you are gonna do as soon as I give out their names. You are gonna kill me because you are gonna have no use for me then."

"Really?" Miguel laughed manically, looking at his serious guard. "He really thinks he is clever." Then his face got serious and he got closer to Lambert. "That isn't gonna help you here. I am gonna torture you so hard that you are gonna have no choice but to give all their names in a hurry. You are gonna beg for the same death that you are fearing here and I won't give it to you, Lambert." He grinned. "You are really gonna give me those names."

"Let me go." Lambert said.

"You are not leaving this place and it doesn't matter how many days you stay here." He chuckled, folding his arms on his chest. "You are gonna give me those names."

"I will never do that." Lambert clenched his teeth, breathing harshly. "And I am not gonna stay here because they are gonna be looking for me very soon. They are gonna find me..."

"And how is that even going to be possible because they actually don't know where you are."

Angelo was absolutely right but Lambert was really smart and he was gonna use his intelligence to scare him.

"They are gonna know very soon because..."

"Because you told them?" He chuckled in mock. "Do you actually think I am stupid? I know how hungry men like you are. You actually thought you were gonna get lucky with me so you couldn't tell anyone anything. Just look at..." He moved his eyes to Lambert's boxer brief and felt the pain slowly slipping in. He quickly moved his eyes to Lambert's face and shook his head angrily. "...You are really shameless. I can't believe men like you are actually in such positions in our society. Men like you are the reason why people now live in fear. Men like you are the reason why people like me change our ways. But your end shall soon come so you better tell me..."

"My car has a tracker and..."

"I don't care about the fucking tracker because your car was gotten rid of a few hours ago." He yelled. "There are no traces of it and there was no tracker there. I had it checked so if your intention is to scare me then I guess you've completely failed." He laughed in mock. "I am a really busy man so you better give me those names and I promise your punishment is gonna be soft."

"I committed a crime so report me to the authority." Lambert said softly, feeling a really sharp headache hit him. "Let me be arrested for my crimes. Please!"

"Really?" Miguel shrugged, raising one of his eyebrows. "You think I don't know what your plan is? You think I wouldn't have done that long ago? But I am not stupid, Lambert. I know you have friends in the police force, powerful friends that can get you out and have me killed by just a snap of a finger. Men like you deserve to be handled personally."

"You won't get away with..."

"I think I have heard enough of your stupid talks." Miguel snapped. "Now tell me who those fucking men are. Tell me who they are, damn it?" He yelled, filling his angry voice throughout the entire basement. "I am running out of patience."

Miguel was filled with so much rage. His voice was cracking... his heart was pounding... his body quavered in both fear and anger... he was filled with so much strength that made him tremble. He clenched his fists hard, getting really close to Lambert.

"Tell me who those men are."

"They will have the entire police force looking for me."

"I don't fucking care about that." He snarled. "Just tell me who those men are."

"No!"

In anger, Miguel thrust his hand forward to Lambert's crotch, gripping his nuts as hard as he could. Lambert gave a deafening cry of pain. 

His entire body got caught in a powerful and painful vibration. It felt as if lightning had just passed through it, weakening him terribly. His nuts felt crushed and he couldn't even reach them. Damn, even his entire strength left him. He was really weak. The pain was blinding. His vision blurred for a second. He continued screaming in pain.

"Ouch!" He cried. "You are hurting me you stupid bastard."

"Why?" Miguel clenched hard, pulling on those huge nuts. "Don't you want to fuck me anymore?" He added pressure, adding more pain to the stupid monster. "Don't you like feeling my sexy hands on your stupid crotch?" He yelled, remembering how brutal the son of a bitch had raped him that particular day.

"What the fuck?" Lambert cried. He had never experienced such terrible pain in his life before. "Ouch! That hurts."

"Does it?" Miguel yelled as tears built in his eyes. "You think this pain? Well! I thought it was pleasure?"

"You stupid bitch." He yelled as the pain went deeper into his bowels. "That fucking hurts."

"Well! Enjoy it because that's all that you are gonna experience from me." He said out in pain. "You used the same thing to derive pleasure from me years ago." He said hoarsely, panting like a wild animal. "But not again."

With a quick pull at those nuts Miguel finally let go. Lambert whimpered out in pain, dropping his eyes painfully to the follow. He was now he was now crying like a little child, tears dropping down his cheeks in millions. His voice was really high and he couldn't stop crying. His entire body was in pain. His entire system was failing him. Everything was just going wrong.

Lambert regretted coming to that place. He regretted approaching the young man and making advances at him. He hated everything that was happening. He had never dreamt in his life that he would be in such a state, a really embarrassing and annoying state. That was the most painful thing in his life.

"You may choose to keep those names hidden from but you are gonna give me even if it is just one." He pointed angrily. "You have refused to do this peacefully but I am gonna find other ways for you to give me those names." He yelled. "You may have gotten away with my rape and murder but that will never happen again. You are gonna pay for it."

With a look of hatred, Miguel stormed out of the basement, leaving Lambert in tears. He was gonna get those names one way or the other. Nothing was gonna prevent that from happening. Then after that, he was gonna kill him.

When Miguel came out of the basement, a tear poured to his cheeks and he just sobbed softly. He leaned to a wall with his back towards the door. He just wanted all the pain to go away but how was he gonna do that? The only way he knew how to do that was to have his revenge. That was the only way for him to get rid of his nightmares... his pain... his anger... his hatred. It was the only way for him to finally leave in peace.

"Sir?" Miguel heard Mark's voice behind him.

He slowly rubbed his tears before he turned and faced his serious guard. He looked in his face and cleared his voice, taking a deep sigh.

"Are you alright, sir?"

"Yes!" He nodded. "Continue doing what you gotta do to make him talk."

"I don't know if he is going to talk, mi senor." Mark said. "I know men like him. I think we should use another method on him."

"I know that." He gave a gloomy sigh, trying to hide his pain. "I will think of something very soon. He will have to reveal their identities one way or the other."

"What about when they start to look for him?" Mark sounded really concerned.

Miguel took a really deep sigh. "We shouldn't worry about that for now. We should just worry about the problem at hand. We need to have him talk and then continue as planned." He instructed. "Do what you have to do."

"Okay." Mark nodded his head.

"Thank you so much, Mark." Tears built in his eyes. "I know you are gonna do this. Don't let him escape because..."

"That is never going to happen." Mark promised, putting his hand on his chest. "I can never put your life at risk by doing that. Don't worry about anything."

Miguel sighed. He trusted Mark so much. In the three years that he had known the guy, they had done a lot of things together. What they were doing currently was nothing to Mark. The guy was really, really trust worthy and he had already proved himself.

"I have to go home now." He said. "Tell me if there is any development, okay?"

"Yes!"

Miguel smiled faintly before he actually went away. He had felt really suffocated in there so he needed some fresh air.

***

Miguel was standing at his parents' graves, staring right at it. After the experience with Lambert, all that he wanted to do or rather what he had felt like doing was just spending time with his parents although they were dead. His pain was just too much especially after meeting with Lambert.

"I am so sorry, mother... father." He sighed, folding his arms sadly on his chest. "I didn't really mean to come to you like this. It's just that this is the only place where I feel all my troubles will go away even if it is just for a few seconds." He said softly, feeling tears building in his eyes. "I finally have one of them." He chuckled bitterly. "One of the men that raped me is now in my hands. I have him and I will not rest until I have all of them."

Miguel couldn't fight the tears from coming out. His pain was slipping in and it was really terrible. He felt as if needles were piercing his flesh and it was really painful. He just wanted one thing and that was revenge.

"I really miss you guys so much." He sobbed, dropping to the ground. He slowly passed his hands on his father's grave, crying even more. "I just wish you had been there to protect me when I needed you the most. I wish you had been there during those times I really needed you so much. I wish you had been there to see me grow up but that wasn't what had happened." He shook his head, feeling tears dropping to his cheeks. "You were taken away from me by evil men. You died painful deaths and hence couldn't protect me. The pain that I have inside me is just too much. I can't contain it anymore, dad."

Miguel was crying like a little child. His head was hurting terribly and every system in his body hurt like hell. He just wished his parents were there to take his pain away.

"Your killer is out there roaming free because he is being protected by the high and mighty." He said. "He is out there enjoying my wealth, our wealth, father. It hurts the most to see but it's what I have to do to be successful." He cried. "Very soon I will get back everything that I have lost, father. That is my promise to you. I will never let those evil men go free. I shall avenge your deaths, my uncle's death and my death."

Miguel placed his hand on his chest. "I will first have to go after the powerful men that killed me. I will make them pay. I will cut every connection they have with powerful people and I will make them really vulnerable." He gave a gloomy sigh. "I will not rest until they are all dead by these hands. I don't care if what I am doing is wrong but I have to do this. I don't care what happens to me in the end but I will avenge your death and my uncle's death.

By killing Lambert, I know that they will be really vulnerable. After finding all the men that killed me, I shall get back everything that I have lost and finally avenge my death. They shall all be six feet underground and that's my promise to you, father. This is a promise that I shall fulfill no matter what. Nothing shall ever stand in my way."

Miguel just sat on his parents' graves and just looked at it. He knew that place gave him some form of protection and he really loved it so much. He had really painful memories there but somehow, the wonderful memories he shared at that place when he remembered how happy he had been with his parents eased the pain to some degree. 

Miguel rubbed his tears and spent a really long time at that place. He didn't care who saw him. All he knew was that he was spending time with his dead parents. They were finally gonna get the justice that they deserved.

***

Miguel was in his car from the cemetery. He was going to his house because he was really tired and just wanted to rest. It was almost evening and he was a little bit hungry especially after losing his appetite during his encounter with Lambert.

Miguel had already gotten rid of his pain so now he was just thinking about other things. He was still driving when all of a sudden he felt his car's movement change and it started jerking uncontrollably, moving from side to side.

"What the fuck?" He said softly, looking all around but there was no sign of any problem. "Why is this car jerking? What the fuck?"

Miguel couldn't take the risk because he knew that he would be in an accident if at all the car had a big problem. He quickly made a turn and parked the car out of the road. He switched off the engine and then got out.

Miguel did a quick check of the car and then found out that all the tires were absolutely perfect. He quickly went back inside to start the car but got the surprise of his life when it couldn't start properly. It would start, jerk and then stop all of a sudden. He did this for several times but he was getting the same results.

Miguel got out of the car and boy was he mad. It was getting a little dark and the route he had used was not congested. In fact, he had only met a few cars on his way.

"What the fuck?" Miguel furiously kicked the car, hitting it loudly with his hands. "What the fuck is going on here?"

Miguel's breaths came out harshly and his mood completely changed. His body trembled terribly in anger and he groaned, gripping his hair as hard as he could. He moved quickly to the road, trying to see if he could get any help from the cars passing but he couldn't spot any car passing.

"Fuck it!" He groaned, quickly rushing to his car. "I will call Mark or any of my guards."

He quickly rushed to his car and got out his phone. He then dialed one of his guards' number and it wasn't long before he picked it up.

"Boss!" The guard said on the other end of the line.

"My car has broken down and I need you or one of the guards to come and pick me up as soon as possible and bring someone along to fix the car." He said in a commanding voice. "I need to get out of here soon."

"Okay, boss." The guard said in his manly voice. "I will come and pick you up as soon as possible. Just tell me where you are."

"Okay."

Miguel gave the guard where he was. It was a little far but as long as he got out of there real soon then he was absolutely fine.

"...hurry up because I can't take this shit anymore."
