 

Wild Flower

Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Angelo Rodriguez is a beautiful, sexy, ambitious and successful man, recognized in society and owner of a billionaire multinational company which he manages with his life. He takes care of his business, his husband Gabriel and his best friend jack, his two most trusted people and the people he loves the most in his life. He is a billionaire who inherited billions of money and wealth after the death of his father when he was really young.

He is well known in society as a powerful businessman who is great at what he does and is on his way to being influential and really powerful. His beauty, body and sexiness brings a lot of powerful men to him that lust after him and try by all means to have him. But they are yet to learn that he is the kinda person you don't ever want to mess with because beyond that beauty and sexy appeal is a really bitter, cunning and dangerous very person or what you might call his evil side, something that you don't wanna encounter.

Actually, Angelo wasn't that bitter. In fact, he had been a nice boy, except that he had been pampered too much. His bitterness had begun years ago when his parents had mysteriously died and he was left all alone. His parents' death had brought so much sorrow to him, especially since he had suspected his parents had been killed by someone. Since then, he trusted no one except two people that he holds close to his heart and in everything that he does, his husband and his best friend whom he regards as his brother. He loves them so much, trusts them and knows that they can't betray him no matter what happens.

But as events begin to unfold, Angelo will find out that there are more secrets than he could have ever imagined. He will find out that his life is in danger. He will also find out that what he had thought was really perfect, everlasting and meant to be had been nothing but a pure lie from the very beginning. It had just been a setup. He will find out that while he had been careful as not to trust anyone, the people that he trusted so much are the people that will hurt him terribly, more than he could have ever imagined.

He will find out that it will be too late to do anything as they will plot to kill him. But the most painful thing will be that he will find out about his parents' death and who had been involved in it. But it will all be too late. Will they succeed or will he survive just like he has always survived? Will it be the end for him or what?

***

Wild flower is an intriguing story of revenge and ambition, seduction and betrayal; told from the perspective of an offended and abused man named Miguel. He is powerful, sexy, attractive, and wonderful and he seems to have it all, money, influence, beauty and probably everyone's dream boy. However, at a very young age, he suffered a terrible trauma, the murder of his parents and fell victim to rape by a group of old, rich men who stripped him of his innocence.

The major plot line in Wild Flower revolves around the eponymous character Miguel Powers (aka Wild Flower or La don). He's a ruthless businessman who is seeking revenge on the gang (really powerful men) that raped him, the men that murdered his parents and his family and most especially the two people he trusted and loved that deceived him and killed him, literally. It's this experience that is meant to make you sympathize with him plight. I say "meant to" because, well, he definitely has his unforgiving qualities and you don't wanna get on his bad side.

His husband, his best friend and his mysterious father in law and the man that killed his parents ganged up with powerful men. They betrayed him, killed him and took his entire wealth after giving him a really bad experience. He was brutally raped and his face was disfigured before they killed him or so they thought.

He is now back, more beautiful, sexier, and seductive, filled with hatred, rage and more evil than you could have ever imagined. He uses his charm and good looks to get these men at his feet and manages to expand his empire.

He learns to take matters into his own hands and seeks revenge against Gabriel, the man that he loved... trusted and gave everything including his entire heart and Jack, his best friend who was like a brother to him but betrayed him and stole all his possessions and his lover's heart. But most of all, he has to deal with the men that killed his family and brutally raped him, leaving him for dead.

He trusts no one except his allies... Brian, his best friend and the man that helped him get back to his feet and the same man that he doesn't want to get hurt... Mark, his most trusted bodyguard and partner in crime, the man that is willing to do anything for including giving up his life and Brandon, his lawyer and partner in crime "most loyal dog," the man that his willing to do anything for him. Brandon is in love with Miguel but it is gonna be a dream he's gonna have to live with.

Along the way, Miguel meets Christian Palmer who tries to make a change in his life by falling deeply in love with him. But Miguel will not abandon his mission for anything else in this world. He is hell bent on fulfilling the vow he made to destroy his enemies.

Miguel is really beautiful and seductive. Don't let his looks deceive you. Sometimes the most beautiful thing can also be the deadliest. So, fans of sweet revenge novels or novellas should look forward to an intriguing and yet complicated novella so far written by me.

Miguel represents the hundreds of thousands of men and women who have been victims of violent faceless men, protected by impunity. But Miguel has transformed into a ruthless man devouring men, strong-willed and known as "La Doñ", look to each and every one of these men to bring them to justice. But his ruthless personality has made him look down at the world, viewing them as weak and worthless, taking property, destroying and maintaining reputations.

Through this entire story, you will find out about Miguel's extended family, who he never even knew about. You will find out about Yvette, Miguel's estranged aunt, an evil woman that caused his father so much pain and planned to destroy him. But with her is a man, Carter who is blood related to Miguel but has no idea about it.

But even with his realizing that he still has a member of his family alive, Miguel will still never abandon his mission until he brings down each and every one of these men. He will become a really powerful and influential.

Will he ever defeat his enemies? Will he open his heart to love again? Will he live happily with the path that he has chosen for himself? But most importantly, will he get away with everything that he has done or will it be the end for our wild flower?

So, find out how far Miguel, the vengeful titan is willing to go and whether he can ever find true love.

This is a really intriguing and eye-catching story that will blow you away. It will make you laugh, smile and cry as you go deeper into it. But I am pretty sure you guys will really enjoy it.

Wild flower, one look and you are hooked.

***

Thank you so much guys for reading this hot story. It is an honor to present such a story to you guys. I really love you a lot.

By the way, what do you think about the picture? I think it's really hot, sexy and seductive. Why couldn't it be when it has the picture of my favorite novella queen of all time, the beautiful Aracely Arambula? I love you guys a lot.