 Hello guys and welcome to yet another interesting chapter of this story. Before I go into writing I would love to thank you guys a lot for your love for my stories and for me as well. You guys are my inspiration and I love you a lot. I just hope you will find this chapter interesting. Don't forget to drop your comments at the end of this chapter and don't forget to rate. I love you guys.

Enjoy...

*****

Angelo was lying quietly on the bed with his eyes on the clock by the bed side. He couldn't move his eyes away to stare anywhere else because that time was really important to him. It was almost 8.pm and his husband was nowhere to be seen. He was yearning for him so much that he felt his heart racing and his entire body vibrating.

Angelo had really been hoping that day that his husband would come back home early but guess he had a lot of work to do. Angelo had been asleep for a couple of hours and he'd just woken up an hour ago only to find that his husband was not home. Anyway, he just wanted to wait for him to come back so that he could be with him.

"Huh?" He sighed, slowly rubbing on his hair.

Then he just took out his tablet and started checking something online to help pass the time and for him not to miss his husband that much. After quite some time, Angelo heard the door to the bedroom opening. He quickly moved his eyes to the door and saw his tired looking husband coming inside, holding his jacket.

"Baby?" Angelo gasped, quickly jumping from the bed.

As soon as his husband saw him, he smiled brightly and happily. Angelo rushed to his husband, gripped his arms and pulled him into a really tightly hug, breathing in his sweet manly scent. He smelled a little sweaty but Angelo didn't care as long as he had him by his side and he was back home.

"Baby..." Gabriel chuckled softly, wrapping his arms around him tightly.

"I was waiting for you." Angelo sighed, not even wanting to pull away from those arms. "What took you so long, my love?"

"I am sorry." Gabriel pulled away from Angelo, holding his hands tightly. "There was so much work to do and we also had a meeting at the company. I am really sorry, my love. I didn't mean to come home this late." He cupped his cheeks and kissed him softly on the lips. He didn't care that his lips were swollen over kissing Jack. He needed to show Angelo he loved him too. He kissed him passionately and sweetly.

"Thank you." Angelo smiled brightly, looking deep in his husband's eyes. "I really missed you so much."

"Oh! I never stopped missing you." He laughed. Crazy bastard was lying to his husband. "I almost wanted to come back but the meeting was just too important and I know you wouldn't have appreciated it if I came back home without attending to your important work, right?" He chuckled nervously, feeling his heart pounding deep in his chest.

"You have been doing my work really well for the past one month. That shows me that you are a really good husband to me. I love you so much." Angelo poured his entire heart to his husband. "You are here and that's what matters to me. As long as you are with me then I am fine with everything. But, I tried to call you and..."

"Oh!" Gabriel gasped, shaking his head. "I am so sorry about that. The meeting was so important that I had to switch off my phone. I am so sorry. I didn't mean to..."

"I totally understand you." He smiled, rubbing on his husband's cheeks. "I know how important meetings are. I used to attend meeting before..." He trailed off and shook his head as he felt a sharp headache hit him.

"Baby?" Gabriel sounded a little worried. "Are you okay?"

Angelo opened his eyes, smiling softly. "It was just a small headache and nothing to worry about. I am absolutely fine."

"You are making me worried." He wrapped his arms tightly around his waist. "Come with me."

Gabriel took Angelo and made him sit on the bed while he held his hands tightly. "Have you taken your medicine today?"

"Yes!" He sighed gloomily, dropping his eyes to the floor. "I did that about an hour ago but it doesn't seem to be helping me at all." He complained. "I called the doctor today and..."

"What?" He gasped, getting closer to him. "What? Why? What had..."

"Nothing," He looked at the man he loved so much. "I just wanted him to tell me about what's going on with me. I just wanted him to tell me if I am going to die or..."

"Baby?" Gabriel couldn't mask the shock in his voice. "Why would you say a thing like that? Why would you ask the doctor such a thing?" He sounded a little pissed. "You are not going to die okay? You are gonna stay right here with me and we are gonna be happy together." He smiled brightly, rubbing on Angelo's hand. "You are gonna be completely fine and..."

"How can I be fine?" Angelo sighed, shaking his head. "You have seen what is happening to me. I was such a healthy boy until just something out of the blue struck me. It's like something is happening to me that I can't even explain to myself or anybody else. I feel something is wrong with me and yet no one can find anything wrong with..."

"There is nothing wrong with you, my love." Gabriel reassured, locking his eyes with Angelo. "You are gonna be fine and we are gonna continue living our lives perfectly."

Angelo felt like crying when he heard that from someone that he loved like crazy. His husband assuring him like that was probably what he needed at that time. He felt his heart racing and his entire body being wrapped up in pure bliss. He was really happy he had someone like Gabriel in his life, someone that loved him so much and needed.

"Do you understand that I love you so much?" He asked with an assuring smile.

"Yes!" Angelo chuckled nervously. "I really do and I love you so much. But you need to understand my feelings right now, my love. What if..."

"Please." Gabriel put his hands together, pleading with Angelo. "Don't say anything like that. You are gonna be perfect and you are gonna go back to your work. I know this is going to happen soon. What matters is that you are still here with me. I love you so much."

"I love you too." Angelo's heart was racing and he just couldn't understand why.

"Okay. Now, let's drop this issue." He wrapped his arms tightly around Angelo.

"Okay. How is work and everything there?"

Gabriel chuckled softly, smiling as bright as he could. Then he remembered everything that was happening to work for him. He could still remember everything clearly, remembering every detail and every word that had been uttered and...

"Baby?" Angelo shook his husband, getting him out of his thoughts. He quickly moved his eyes to Angelo and maintained that smile on his face. "Are you okay? You seem a little..."

"Ha ha," Gabriel laughed softly. "Of course, I was just thinking about my happiest moments with you." He lied. "It got me thinking about how much I love you and the happy years that we've known each other."

"Oh!" Angelo gasped, leaning on his husband's chest. "You are just the sweetest guy on this earth and I love you so much."

"I love you too." Gabriel chuckled. "Have you had your dinner?"

"No!" He shook his head. "I was waiting to have it with you. You know how much I love it when we eat together, my love. I didn't think I could have done it alone."

"My love..." Gabriel said softly. "You should have eaten already. You shouldn't have waited for me. But you know what," He enthused. "Let me go and get changed and then we will have dinner together. Is that alright with you?"

"Anything is okay with me as long as it is from you."

"Okay."

Gabriel quickly rose from the bed and kissed Angelo softly on the lips before he took his jacket and went to change his clothes. He stripped his clothes off, grabbed a blue cargo short and green t-shirt. As he was slowly putting it on, he heard his voice vibrating.

Gabriel quickly picked it up and found a message and it was from Jack. He smiled brightly, taking a deep breath. Then he did a quick scan before finally opening it.

"I can't stop thinking about what had happened between us in Angelo's office. I think I might be a little horny." The message was from Jack with a smiley at the end.

"Hmm, didn't get enough of that mind blowing fuck?" He replied. "Do you still need more?"

"Do you need to ask?" Jack responded. "You know how much I love you and can't get enough of that body. How I wish you were right here with me... making slow passionate love to me."

"Sounds tempting but right now I can't do that, baby." He responded quickly. "I am with Angelo and we are about to have dinner together. I can't leave him alone, you know."

"Hmm," Gabriel could see from that message that Jack was displeased. "Have you kissed him today?"

Gabriel chuckled, shaking his head softly. "Why? Are you jealous?"

"I just wanna know. You know how I feel when it comes to you and him. You spend much time with me more than you do with me. What could you expect? You are probably gonna make love to him this night."

"Hey! You know you have nothing to worry about. I love you so much and nothing will ever change that. No matter what I do with him, you are the one that I love so much, baby. You don't have to be jealous of anything. I am his husband but you are the one that I love so much."

"Hmm, why is it so hard to believe? You know how much I love you and... I miss your kisses and your cock already. How I wish you would spend some time with me like... forever."

Gabriel sighed, reading through the message clearly. He knew what Jack wanted from him and what he was expecting from him. But currently, his hands were tied. As he was about to reply the message back, he heard Angelo's voice getting closer to him.

"Gotta go," He quickly replied. "Angelo is calling me okay."

Gabriel just pressed the send button when he heard the door to the room opening. Fuck! He felt sharp vibration in his entire body that made him tremble a bit. His heart pounded deeper in his chest and his breaths became really harsh and painful.

Before Angelo even came to the room, Gabriel quickly slipped the phone in the cargo short and continued dressing. He was still feeling a little nervous as if he had just been caught which he didn't. When Angelo came to the room with a smile on his face, Gabriel gave a nervous smile.

Angelo on the other hand noticed the look on his husband's face. "Hey! Are you okay? Why do you look as if..."

"What?" Gabriel gulped, chuckling nervously. "What are you talking about? Of course, I am absolutely fine. What made you say that?"

"It's just your face is..." He trailed off and just looked at his husband. "Anyway, you were taking too long and I just came to check up on you."

"I am done." He said quickly, rushing to Angelo. "Let's go and have our dinner."

Angelo smiled brightly and then kissed his husband softly on the lips. He gripped his waist, got closer to his body and then both of them went to have their wonderful dinner.

***

Angelo was moving his head from side to side on the bed, clenching his fists harder on the bed. He was trembling terribly and his entire body was covered in sweat. He was breathing harshly as if he was struggling to breathe at all. His entire body was shaking from side to side and his movements were becoming uncontrollable.

He was panting, trying to get up but he couldn't do it. It was as if someone was gripping him harder, preventing him from making any movements at all. Everything was just happening so fast. It was like he was having a nightmare of someone chasing him, trying to hurt him but it felt so real. He could truly feel someone holding him tightly.

"No!" Angelo clenched his fists harder on the bed. "Leave me alone. No!" He said in a really harsh voice. His movements were definitely getting out of control. "No..."

Angelo didn't know what was going on but he could feel someone gripping him harder, shaking him. When he eventually opened his eyes, he found someone else, a strange man holding him tightly. He could have sworn that the person was trying to hurt him. He felt really scared and his heart was already pounding deep in his chest.

"No!" Angelo screamed, trying to pull away from that strange scary man who he didn't care about the features. All he wanted to do was just get away from him. "Leave me alone." But the grip of the man was really powerful. "Get your hands off of me. Don't hurt me. Leave me alone and..." He gave a sharp gasp, trailing off.

Then he started struggling to move from that powerful grip. He took both hands and started hitting the scary man as hard as he could. All he wanted to do was get out of there and be free. He used all his might to be free. He was beating so hard that in no time at all, he felt the man loosening his grip. That was his ticket to freedom.

With a loud scream, Angelo got up from the bed and started running away but was gripped harder again before he could even take a few steps from the bed. But this time he was held so tight that he couldn't do a thing at all. He just screamed and cried.

"Get your hands off of me." He cried at the top of his voice. "Leave me alone. Don't hurt me. Get your hands off of me."

Angelo cried and cried softly until he fell to the ground with the man. He was trembling terribly and his heart felt as if it was about to burst out of his chest. He couldn't even think properly or do anything. All that he knew was that he was scared as hell and wanted to get away.

He cried softly and he didn't know how long it had been but he heard his husband's voice. "Baby?"

Angelo opened his eyes and saw his husband holding him tightly. When he saw his husband, he gripped him tightly and cried softly into his chest. All that he wanted was to be safe and his husband was the right person to keep him safe.

"Gabriel," Angelo's voice was trembling. "Please. Save me from him and..."

"My love," Gabriel rubbed on his back, trying to make him calm down. "Who should I save you from?"

"There... there was a man here and he was trying to hurt me." He cried softly, gripping his husband's shirt harder. "He... he..."

"There is no one else here." Gabriel reassured. "I was here the entire time and you were screaming. I think you just had a nightmare, my love. Shh..."

"No, I... saw him in this room and he was..."

"You were just dreaming." Gabriel said with a quick rub on the shoulder. "My love, you and I were the only ones here. You were screaming at the top of your voice and I was trying to wake you up. When you eventually did you started hitting me. But I am right here with you. Nothing is gonna hurt you while I am here. Just hold on to me, baby."

Angelo couldn't stop crying and he didn't like it. He was still a little scared because of what was happening to him. He definitely didn't like crying at all because he was not a coward but he still couldn't help it. He was so scared that he felt as if someone had just tried to hurt him and abuse him. He didn't like it at all.

Gabriel just held Angelo tightly, trying to calm him down. Angelo on the other hand was really scared and it could show. He was really, really scared. All he wanted was to be with his husband and that husband to protect him. That was all he wanted.

Angelo cried softly until he couldn't do it anymore. He was feeling a slight headache. His head was hurting and buzzing. He felt a little weak but other than that, he was really scared. He was just glad his husband was there to help him and comfort him.

***

"Here..." Gabriel handed the glass of water to Angelo.

Angelo raised his face, looking up to his husband's face. He took the glass of water and took a sip. Then he took a deep sigh. The water helped but not a lot. He was still having a little headache and he still couldn't understand what was happening to him. He still had a lot of questions. He had nightmares but not like that one. It was more than real and he still couldn't believe that had just happened to him. So much was in his mind that he couldn't even explain it. He was really, really confused and scared of what was happening to him.

"Do you feel better?" Gabriel asked, rubbing the sweat from his face.

Angelo looked at his husband without even giving him a smile. Then he sighed. "What's really happening to me? What?"

"My love..."

"No!" Angelo shook his head as tears built in his eyes. "I need to know what's really happening to me. That was nothing. It was something right?" He asked. "It means that something is wrong with me. It is like I am developing something even worse. I have never experienced anything like this and it... it..." He trailed off. A tear came running down his face and he moved his face away and looked the other way.

"Baby..."

"Just look at me." He slightly raised his voice, furiously rubbing the tear from his cheek. "Do I look like myself? Do I look like the same boy that you married and first loved? Tell me the truth. I don't even feel like myself anymore. It is like something has possessed me and started making my life miserable. For a month now, I have been getting worse and the drugs that I have been taking have been doing nothing."

"Angelo, you know very well that you will get..."

"When?" He asked harshly. "When is that going to happen? Is it when I start getting..."

"No!" Gabriel cupped his cheeks softly, sitting on the bed with him. "I believe that this is a phase baby. I believe it will pass away and you will get better."

Angelo looked at his husband and felt a tear running down his cheeks. His husband was always telling him wonderful things but those things didn't seem to help him at all. Sure, he knew his husband was trying to make him feel better but it was not helping at that very moment.

"I don't know," He buried his face on his palm, crying softly. "I just don't know what to believe anymore. I don't even know what is going to follow next. It might even be my death and I...I don't know what..."

"That is never going to happen to you baby." Gabriel shook his head, moving Angelo's face up. "I know you will pass through this. You just have to believe in yourself and in the love that we both share. I know you will get better for that love. I trust you won't get worse, baby."

Angelo chuckled bitterly. "Really?"

"Yes!" Gabriel nodded his head, smiling at Angelo. "I am here with you and I know that I will protect you from anything. You will pass through all this, my love."

Angelo looked at his husband and smiled faintly just to give him some kind of happiness. His husband didn't deserve what he was getting. He had woken up in the middle of the night and Angelo had hit him. It was really sad but what could he do. He was having hallucinations for the first time. What else was gonna come his way?

"Thank you for being here with me, love."

"It's really fine." Gabriel smiled even though deep inside, he was a little pissed. "You are my responsibility and it is my duty to take care of you. I know you will be fine real soon. Now, let's go back to bed. You need to rest."

"But I..."

"I will keep you safe." Gabriel promised with an ever smiling face. "Don't worry."

After looking at his husband for some time, Angelo nodded softly. Gabriel smiled at him happily even though he was dying to just sleep. He couldn't believe Angelo had just woken up in the middle of the night.

"Okay. Let's go."

Gabriel helped Angelo under the covers and slipped them on him. He slipped under the covers too, holding Angelo tightly in his arms. He kissed him softly on the lips and soothed him softly. Angelo felt lucky and blessed to have someone good like Gabriel. He was truly the best husband in the entire world.

Even though Angelo could hear that his husband had gone back to sleep and he truly understood him, he on the other hand found it difficult to go to sleep and he didn't like the feeling at all. He wanted to sleep. God knows he really wanted to sleep but he was just thinking about a lot of things.
