 Hello guys and a warm welcome to the seventh chapter of this beautiful story. I would like to apologize if I had hurt you with the last chapter. I am really sorry. This chapter will be a little sad and emotional to some of you but I hope by the time you reach the peak, you will at least smile. Don't forget to drop your comments about this story and never forget to rate. I love you guys.

***

Alicia was moving from side to side, walking about the room. Her heart was pounding deep in her chest and her body was quivering. She was really nervous and her entire system was no better than she was feeling. She couldn't think straight no matter what she did. She was nervous as hell and she was panting that she was almost crying. It was almost evening and she hadn't any news about Angelo. It was three days already and there was just no sign of him.

She moved her eyes and saw Gabriel and Jack making an entrance into the house. She quickly rushed towards them and could tell immediately from that frown on their faces that there was no good news. But she was gonna ask anyway.

"Gabriel!" She gasped. "Did you find out anything about him?"

Gabriel raised his teary eyes to her and sighed even as he fought those tears from coming out. He knew very well that he had to act his best and look really vulnerable without anyone suspecting he was involved in Angelo's disappearance and that he was gone already.

"Alicia!" He gave a gloomy sigh. "Honestly, I am getting really scared. There is no sign of him. We have checked everywhere and couldn't even find his car. Three days..." He raised three of his fingers. "I haven't seen or heard from him in three days. He hasn't called me and he hasn't even texted me. He left his phone in this house and... I don't know what to do anymore." A fake tear dropped to his cheek. "I really need my husband back home as soon as possible. I feel empty and without a soul right now. This has never happened and I am scared.

Angelo is the only one that I have got and I don't want anything to happen to him. I can't imagine life without him. I just want him to come home but..." He sighed, rubbing his tear. "...I know Angelo and he loves me so much. Why hasn't he called me or told me anything? He never leaves the house without telling me where he has gone. If he is kidnapped..." He sobbed as more tears came to his face. "...why hasn't anyone called to demand a ransom? Why haven't we heard anything from anyone or even him? He couldn't have gone to any of his businesses because they haven't seen him in a really long time." 

Alicia just watched without uttering a word. She couldn't fight her own tears from coming out. She was really scared after realizing that what Gabriel was saying was the complete truth.

"What if something bad has happened to Angelo?" She thought as she tried hard to fight off that feeling from her body. "What if what Gabriel is saying is the truth? God!" She prayed in her heart. "Please. Don't let anything happen to that boy."

"Please. You have to stop talking like this." Jack's tear came out, which he hated. He felt stupid and disgusted at the same time. He couldn't believe that was actually happening. "You are only making me feel hurt and bad. I know that nothing is gonna happen to my friend. I have trust in him and he will be kept from harm. I am pretty sure we are gonna find him."

"I hope so because I am really scared." Gabriel sobbed, the best way he could.

Gabriel went and sat on the couch with his face buried between his palms. All he wanted was to just be done with that drama and forget about it. He still had a task to run the companies and enjoy all the money and wealth he had gotten from Angelo. He still had his life to enjoy and there was just a lot that was in his mind. He just wanted to be done.

As they were both seated on that couch, the inspector arrived with two of his men and he looked really tired. As soon as Alicia saw him, she stood up and waited for him to come into the living room. Gabriel too stood up and tried to look as worried as he could at that time.

"Inspector, please tell me you have found something." Gabriel pleaded, putting his hands together. "Tell me you've got a lead."

The inspector looked at Gabriel and smiled faintly. "I am so, so sorry, Mr. Harrington but we've got no lead. We've been searching but up to now, we've found nothing. Right now I have my men still on the search and..."

"For how long do we have to wait?" Gabriel slightly raised his voice. "How long do we have..."

"Calm down, Mr. Harrington." The inspector said softly. "We are gonna do our best to find him and..."

"Well! Your best is not enough." He yelled in the inspector's face. "What kind of idiots do you have working on..."

"Calm down." He raised his hands as if he was surrendering. "You have to take this easy, Mr. Harrington. We are doing our best to find any link which will lead to us but this is really difficult. Try to understand us."

"For how long do..." Gabriel trailed off and winced, putting his hand on his head as if he was experiencing a terrible headache. He slightly closed his eyes, massaging his head softly.

"Gabriel!" Alicia was really worried. She moved closer to him. "Are you alright?"

"I am fine." He said harshly, moving his eyes to the inspector. "What are..."

"We will do our best to find him." The inspector said. "I came here to tell you that we have got most of our men on the search. The police in the neighboring towns are also on the search for him. What this means is that we are looking for him all over the country. We are pretty sure we are gonna find him very soon because our search has multiplied, okay?"

"Inspector, please do all you can to find him." Alicia pleaded at the handsome man. "Angelo is really important to all of us and we need him back home."

"Yeah, I know that." The inspector gave an assuring smile. "We will find him real soon. He couldn't have gone anywhere since you said everything is in the house including his passports and ids. What I don't understand though is..." He paused and looked at all the members. He was feeling pity for them. "...how can he go missing just like that?" He moved his eyes to all of them. "I suspected kidnap but if he was truly kidnapped then why haven't we received any call from the kidnappers for three days now? Mr. Rodriguez is a renowned man and he is super rich. If at all he was kidnapped then I am sure that there would have been a call by now. Are you sure you told me everything that had happened? Wasn't there any..."

"There was nothing." Alicia sighed. "Everything was perfect. He just left without telling anyone and then never came back. That is just the way we told you."

"Yeah," He sighed. "Anyway, we will do our very best just to make sure that we find him. We will not stop until we find him okay?"

"Do that." Alicia said in a sad tone. "Thank you very much, inspector. Please. We will keep in touch with you."

"Okay. I will be going now. But don't forget what I told you before. If you get even a hint of where he might be then don't forget to call me."

"We will do that."

With those words, the inspector made a turn and left the mansion. Alicia felt terrible. Now it was gonna be the fourth day and still no sign of him. She couldn't understand why that was happening to her. It was like torture.

With a deep sigh, Alicia made a quick turn but stopped and got even more worried when she saw Gabriel crying and massaging his head. She knew that he was experiencing a really terrible headache especially after having the most stressful three days without eating or taking a proper bath or change of clothes. He didn't even sleep.

"Gabriel!" She rubbed on his shoulder.

"Alicia!" He cried softly. "I just want him to be back real soon. I miss him so much and I just... I just... ouch!"

"You are not okay." Alicia sighed. "You need to rest, please. You must rest your head and eat something. You barely eat nowadays and..."

"I don't want food." He said harshly. "I just wanna see my Angelo." 

He had been having food but of course, how could she know when he had been doing it in secret? In fact, he and Jack had just come from eating some delicious foods at his father's house. It was scrumptious and it was worth it. But he could still see the image of Angelo in his mind, how he had been after the rape and how he had bled. He could still remember how he was looking like before he died and fell off the cliff. Now he also knew the police where gonna find him. He couldn't wait for that to happen.

"Please." Alicia put her hands together. She was weak herself but... she was ready to bear that. All she wanted was for Gabriel to get some rest. "The police will find him and bring him home. I know Angelo will come back to all of us."

"Think that, bitch." Jack thought, literally laughing at the woman. "You are confident that Angelo is alive and he will come back but what you don't know is that he is lying in the river somewhere and will be found later. I wonder what you will do when you find out that he is already dead. Ha ha..." He was looking as if he wanted to cry but deep down, he was in pure bliss. He knew it was all over for Angelo and he loved it so much.

Jack felt really irritated. "The bitch is confident and still believes in him. What an idiot. I hope you die with him when you discover that he is dead. Very soon... I am gonna take his place in whatever it is that he used to do including..." He eyed Gabriel, feeling pleasure envelope him. "...his husband. I will enjoy my life knowing that nothing can ever move me away from here. Hmm, continue believing bitch."

Jack sighed, looking at Gabriel. "Alicia is right. Angelo will come back. But you don't look so good." He looked deep into Gabriel's eyes and winked at him, trying his best to act. "Maybe you need some food or maybe just take a little rest. Let's leave everything to the police and let's trust them to bring our Angelo back to us. We don't have any choice."

"See!" Alicia chuckled even though she was deeply hurting. "Even Jack thinks it's a great idea that you rest and take some drugs. Don't worry, I will be here to stay awake and will wake you up as soon as I have any developments. Angelo will be found very soon and he will be safe and sound. He will come back to all of us."

"No, I want..."

"Gabriel, please." She put her hands together, moving her eyes towards Jack. "Take him to his room and make sure that he takes his drugs and rests okay."

"I will gladly do that for Angelo." Jack said, rubbing his tear. For a moment he had thought the bitch was gonna take him up the stairs herself but now everything was just the way it was meant to be. He coiled with Gabriel's arm, rubbing on his shoulder. "Please. He pleaded. Listen to what Alicia is telling you. Do you want Angelo to find you sick and thin?" He sighed, still rubbing on those shoulders that he was craving. "Let's go up the..."

"I am not..."

"Let's go." He demanded lovingly. "Do this for Angelo, if you really love him so much and you want him to come back to you?"

Gabriel moved his glassy eyes to Alicia and sobbed. She nodded, literally telling him to go and rest. Gabriel couldn't argue with that and the best thing was that she told Jack to go with him. What could have been better than that? It was all that he needed.

"Fine." He sighed. "I will do it for Angelo."

"Thank you." Alicia said, rubbing on his shoulder. She moved her eyes to Jack. "Take good care of him and make sure that he rests like I have told him to."

"Don't worry about anything, Alicia." Jack said with a sad sigh. "I will take good care of him."

With those words, Jack left holding Gabriel tightly, leaving Alicia all alone. What Alicia didn't know that while she was really worried about the welfare of Gabriel, he was just masking all those emotions that he truly felt? He was even the one responsible for the disappearance and death of Angelo. She didn't suspect him at all and that gave him the upper hand.

"God..." Alicia sat on the couch, burying her head on her palms. "Please. Angelo stop making me this worried. Just come back home, my son. I promise I will do everything you ask of me without questioning you. Please."

***

Gabriel and Jack finally entered the room, Angelo's bedroom and closed the door shut. As soon as they entered, Gabriel finally unmasked himself and walked to the mirror to fix himself up. He didn't like the way he was looking like crap. He needed to fix himself up and make himself... just look like himself and not with the mask on his face.

"Wow!" Jack stood beside Gabriel, looking at himself in the mirror. Both of them had grins on their faces. "You really are something, baby. For a moment I thought you were crying for real, baby."

"Hey!" Gabriel whispered, looking towards the door. "Be careful. That old hag or any of the house helps could hear us."

"So what?"

"They can suspect us." He whispered, moving closer to Jack. Then he gripped his waist and brought him closer to his body. Jack wrapped his arms around Gabriel's neck, chuckling softly. "You understand, right?"

"Yes!" Jack sighed, licking his lips sensually. "But I love you so much and I can't help it. My love for you is really deep and I... I just wanna be with you like... forever. I can't imagine my life without you in my life. You are the most important thing to me and..."

"I know that, baby. I also feel the same way."

"Then..." He moaned. "Make love to me. I want you to make love to me right here... right now and in this very room. I wanna feel you deep inside of me right where you used to make love to him. I wanna feel the way..."

"No, no, no..." Gabriel whispered, cupping Jack's cheeks. "I didn't make love to him. It was just sex and nothing more. Now he is gone and honestly..." He sighed, tightening his grip on Jack's waist. "I feel a little scared and..."

"Scared?" Jack laughed softly. "Why should we..."

"It's just that I have never..."

"Shh..." Jack blocked his mouth with his finger. "You shouldn't be scared of anything. You should rather be happy. We are gonna be rich... you and I are gonna be happy with your father. You are gonna be super, stinking rich."

"I know that."

"Yes! He deserved everything that he got." Jack said without fear in his voice. "I don't have any fear in my heart. You have always been like this. You should be used to it by now. You were on a mission and now you have just accomplished that mission."

"You are right." Gabriel cleared his throat. "You are absolutely right and very soon... you and I are gonna be together without fear."

"Really?" Jack gasped, covering his mouth. He felt really happy and he couldn't mask it. "Are you telling me the truth or are you..."

"It's the truth, baby." Gabriel kissed him softly on his finger. "You and I are gonna be together very soon. We will be together, okay."

"Oh my God," Jack was really happy. Yes! He had finally won. He had finally gotten his hands on Angelo's wealth, his happiness and now... he was gonna be married to his man. He had gotten more than he had thought he could get. Fuck! "Thank you so much."

Without saying a word, Gabriel brought Jack intensely close and then captured his lips in the sweetest of kisses. They were both moaning softly, trying to make sure those moans didn't leave the room or it was gonna be a disaster if anyone heard them.

"You are welcome." Gabriel smiled brightly, licking his lips sensually after the wonderful kiss he'd just shared with the love of his life. "But that's all that we can do for now." He sighed, rubbing on Jack's cheeks happily. "We will just kiss and..."

"What about making love?" Jack moaned, moving his hands to rub on Gabriel's crotch. He found that Gabriel was really, really hard. "You are horny already. I want you to fuck me right on that bed. We are finally happy and..."

"Yes!" Gabriel nodded. "I am really horny and I am dying to fuck you like crazy but..." He breathed, slightly closing his eyes. "We really have to be careful here. We cannot control ourselves when we are in heat and you know that already, right?"

"I know that." Jack sighed. "But guess you are right. We don't wanna blow our covers." Then he smiled, feeling his heart pounding deep in his chest. "Anyway, I am ready to wait for you. After all, we still have more drama to play."

"You are right."

Gabriel kissed Jack once more.

"I love you so much."

"I love you too, Gabriel."

He wrapped his arm around him as they both looked around the room, feeling really happy. They both knew that nothing could be done to reverse the situation that they were both in. Angelo was already gone and nothing could be done to change that.

***

2 DAYS LATER

Alicia was seated on the floor with her head on the couch. She was feeling really weak after not having a proper meal for five days. If not for her son that had encouraged her to eat, she would have starved herself. Two days have already passed and there has still been no news about Angelo, not even a clue as to where he has been. Gabriel has always been staying indoors, just drowning in his sorrows. Alicia was just thankful that Jack was around to help with things at the mansion. Even though things were like that, Alicia still had hope that Angelo was gonna be found.

She was with Gabriel and Jack and the two of them didn't seem good at all. They all had their faces on their palms. The last five days have been pretty rough for everyone in the mansion. Things haven't been the same without lovely Angelo. They just needed him back home.

As Alicia was seated on that cold floor, she saw the inspector making an appearance at the already opened entrance door. He was with three men and she didn't know if it was her imagination or if she was seeing right but that day, the inspector was not looking like himself. He seemed rather sad and the three men with him didn't look good either.

As they got closer, Alicia furiously got up and gasped. "Inspector!"

Gabriel and Jack furiously got up from the couch, looking straight at the inspector. They all waited until he came into the room and stood right in front of them. 

"Inspector?" Alicia breathed, looking straight at him. There was something about him that she didn't like that time. "Thank God you are here. Have you got any good news for us because we really need that right now? We are getting impatient here and we feel we will go crazy with each day that passes. Please." She put her hands together. "Tell me that you've finally found him. Please."

"Inspector." Jack said softly. "She is asking you something. Tell us if you've finally found him, please."

The inspector shook his head, looking right at them. "I am really, really sorry." He gave a gloomy sigh. It was clear his mood was not right. "We have been looking everywhere and we haven't found him anywhere."

"It's been almost a week." Alicia said with tears following. "You keep on telling us that. You told us two days ago that you have the entire police force looking for him. You assured us that you would find him and bring him back to us safely."

"Yes!" The inspector spoke a little louder. "I promised to find him and my men are still looking for him." He was quiet for a few seconds. "However," He paused and took a deep breath. "There is something that I have to tell you."

As soon as Alicia heard that, she felt her heart pound harder than before. She got really nervous and she felt a little weak. She hated that word a lot.

"What... what is it?" Gabriel stuttered. He was really hoping for this entire drama to finally end so that they could live peacefully. "Please. Tell us. Any little detail that you tell us right now will be able to help us or give us some form of hope."

The inspector rubbed his hands, still shaking his head. "Yesterday, there was a report at the main police department from a village just a little far from here. The villagers had found a dead body near the lake shore in the morning and..."
