 Comments, critiques and tips are definitely welcome.

Hello and welcome to this great chapter of this wonderful story. Before going into writing, I would love to tell you guys that I love you. I hope you will be blown away by this chapter because it will be a bomb. I am sure Miguel won't disappoint us as usual and we hope to see more of the fire between Miguel and Christian.

Wild Flower... one look and you are hooked.

***

Miguel was standing close to his car and boy did his mood get ruined. He was really mad and his body trembled in anger. How dare Felix call him? He didn't appreciate it all.

"Why the hell did you call me?" He snapped, folding his arms on his chest. "And where the fuck did you get my number?"

"Whoa!" Felix laughed on the other end, chuckling confidently. "There is no need to be mad. I just wanted to remind you that I am still alive and I am back in my own country, okay?"

"I don't fucking care what you do." Miguel chuckled bitterly. "Don't ever call me again because I am not interested in you and..."

"How could you?" Felix now sounded a little mad. "You destroyed my life and used my love against me. You didn't..."

"Oh!" Miguel couldn't care less of what Felix was telling him. "I am glad you've finally accepted that I didn't love you, okay? That's good. Now stop calling me or you are gonna regret it."

"Are you threatening me?"

"No!" He chuckled, moving his little finger in the air. "I am actually warning you. Stay away from me or my house. Stay away from my friends and my family, Felix. I am warning you. I don't know how you got my number and I don't care. But let this be the first and last time you will ever call me and..."

"You haven't changed, have you?" Felix asked, sounding a little mad. "After what you did to me a year ago I..."

"If you called to talk about what we had together then you are wasting your time." He said with warning in his voice. "Isn't it clear that I don't love you? I didn't love you and..."

"Of course," Felix chuckled bitterly. "And that was my mistake, La don right?"

"Wow!" Miguel gasped, chirping as he moved his head in mock. "I am glad you know exactly how to call me. Looks like you've been paying attention to the media."

"Yeah," He gave a deep sigh. "Loving you was probably the greatest mistake ever. You only used me for political reasons and power. You turned me into your puppet and made me a fool."

"Isn't it what men like you deserve?" Miguel was really angry. He didn't have time for stupid things. "Or maybe I should say, pigs?" He chuckled. "Men like you should be used and then dumped. Did you actually think you were gonna have a piece of me. You are such a joke. Anyway, I don't care what you are doing back in St Luis but make sure you stay far from me because I will destroy you."

"Is that a challenge because very soon you're gonna pay for what you did to me and it is sooner than you think. Do you remember what I told you?"

"Call it whatever you want." He snarled, gripping the phone harder. "I don't care what you do or say at all. But stay away from me and anyone I am related to. I am not the boy you knew."

Without hearing the bastard out, Miguel cut the call and slipped his phone furiously in his pocket. Boy! He was really mad. He couldn't believe he was gonna have to deal with Felix's shit once again. He hated him to the core.

Anyway, Miguel could still remember how his life had been abroad three years back. He had met the bastard. The bastard had fallen deeply in love that he was eating from Miguel's palms. That time Miguel wasn't interested in men at all. In fact, he hated them so much that anyone that tried to mess with him met a very dangerous punishment. Only God knows the number of properties he had taken by force.

Felix was a man in his early 40s and was involved in some form of politics which Miguel had really wanted at that time. He wanted more power, influence and connections before he was ready. So he started dating the guy and they never did anything together, not even a kiss. Miguel had used some herbs to make Felix not to function when he was around him and wanted sex. They were known as a couple but Miguel was driving Felix insane. In fact, they were about to get married.

Felix had started drinking and smoking that his career had almost been destroyed. Miguel could remember how he had become popular while Felix became just a forgotten fool and an embarrassment. Fuck! The bastard had tried to rape Miguel once but that had been a mistake. Miguel had hurt him so bad that if not for Brian, the bastard would have been killed.

"Ha..."

Miguel got his mind out of his past and took a deep sigh. He didn't wanna think about Felix anymore. The guy was closed chapter which wasn't gonna be opened again. He had used him and had destroyed his life. What else could he want?

He opened the door of his car as the memories of the passionate moment he had spent with Christian came back to him. A smile appeared on his face when he remembered how Christian had made love to him... how he had kissed him... the words he had used on him and all the pleasurable moans. He remembered how sexy Christian had been looking like naked. Fuck! He couldn't believe he was actually thinking about that. It was so not like him.

***

"Where did you go?" Brian asked in the most worried voice ever. "Do you know how worried I had been the entire night? You even switched off your phone."

Miguel took a deep breath, heading to his room. He had just arrived at his house and he could really use a shower. But he knew that Brian wasn't gonna let him go just like that. He had already started asking questions. He also followed him in the room.

Miguel threw his stuff on the bed and sat on it, letting his hair loose.

"I am really sorry." He apologized. "I switched off my phone because I didn't wanna be disturbed. I was busy with something."

"What? The whole night?" Brian gasped, sitting on the bed next to him. "You should have at least called to inform me."

"Yeah," He gave a sigh of relief, remembering his wonderful moments. "I was actually at the Hacienda with Christian."

"What?" The excitement in Brian's voice couldn't be masked. "You actually allowed him in when he came? The guy pleaded for your address. I had to give it to him and honestly, I thought you were gonna tell him to go away." He breathed excitedly, grinning and winking and Miguel. "Please, tell me. What happened between you two last night?"

Hearing Brian's question, Miguel remembered how he had felt as Christian was making love to him. He remembered the pleasure and everything related to it.

"What had to happen happened..." He grinned, feeling alive and excited. "...what I badly wanted."

"What?"

Miguel faced Brian and held his hand, giggling like a little child. "He was different from all the other men I have been with and the ones I have met before." He gave a sigh. He remembered Christian's smile and his words. "I did not feel afraid or disgusted or even indifferent."

Brian was really surprised with what he had just said. He couldn't actually believe he was hearing those words from Miguel himself. Had it been someone else telling him that about Miguel he wouldn't have believed a single word. But it was Miguel himself.

"What did you feel?"

"Pleasure... I felt pleasure, madness..." He chuckled. He was couldn't still believe he had just done that. He wasn't even ashamed to talk about it. "That wasn't only sex, Brian. I felt like I was making love to him."

Miguel got a flashback of his wonderful moments. He remembered Christian's tongue in his mouth... he remembered his hot breaths... he remembered his body movements and that sweet cum. Fuck! He was missing Christian like crazy. He needed him so much.

"Tell me..." Brian sat closer to him, rubbing on his hands. "Did you forget about everything that happened before?"

"Yes!" he nodded. He couldn't lose that smile on his face. "For the first time I feel like I can dream... I feel like a teenager again. I don't know..." He gave a gloomy sigh. "...I think I am in love like any other man. I feel very much in love with Christian."

That was it. Miguel had finally confessed to someone what he truly felt for Christian. His heart was open to love again. He couldn't understand his feelings at all. They were taking control of his body, soul and mind. Everything was just moving so fast.

"There you go..." Brian held his hands, kissing on them. "You've finally said that you love him. I want you to forget about your revenge on those men and try to be happy with Christian. Let him feel your life with roses once again."

Miguel didn't like where that conversation was going. Of course, even God knew that Miguel wasn't gonna stop his revenge for anything else in this world. It wasn't gonna happen at all. Miguel was gonna make sure everyone of those stupid men paid the price.

"I feel really happy." He smiled, trying by all means not to talk about his revenge. "I can't believe I am actually experiencing this."

"Yes!" Brian chuckled. "I am happy too. Come here." He opened his arms wider for Miguel.

Miguel without wasting any more time threw himself in Brian's arms and the two hugged tightly as their happiness got to another level. Miguel had never thought he'd be that happy after everything that he had been through.

But that wasn't gonna change anything. All the evil men were gonna pay.

***

Christian came out of his house and his happiness couldn't be masked at all. He was still thinking about how he had made love to Miguel the entire night. He remembered the pleasure... the moans and the groans of pleasure. His body could still feel itself on Miguel's body. Everything that he was doing reminded him of the love he had made to Miguel.

"I hope everything that happened is real." He remembered asking Miguel that question.

Christian's lips twitched when he remembered the final passionate kiss he had shared with Miguel. It just made him to miss him even more. There was just so much that he wanted to do with Miguel. Fuck! If only he could hold him and kiss him again. It would be the greatest thing ever.

As Christian was slowly moving, he spotted Carter and his friend. Carter had a bicycle with him and he seemed to be fixing it. Seeing Carter, Christian felt a little happy and he rushed to him. 

"Hey!" He chuckled happily. "Carter, how are you doing?"

Lawrence excused himself and Carter remained alone. Carter was really mad and he didn't like being in Christian's presence. It made his heart hurt a lot. He felt betrayed and a lot more than that. After what he had found out, Carter didn't like talking to Christian.

"I came back yesterday. I was home whole day and you didn't even come to see me." He chuckled happily, looking at him. "Do you hate me now?"

"I was busy." He said harshly, still trying to fix the bicycle.

"Okay." Christian took a deep breath and leaned down. "What's wrong with the bicycle? Let me help you fix it."

"No!" Carter's voice was harsh. He was cold to Christian. He didn't even want to make eye contact with him. "I can do it myself. I know how to do this." He was acting as if Christian had cheated on him. It was really confusing. Christian was really surprised.

"What?" He frowned. "Are you mad at me or something? Ever since you left the hospital that day, you..."

"There is no problem." Carter said harshly. "I am fine and I have always been fine. I haven't been coming to see you because I have been really busy."

"But I thought..."

"Christian, please." Carter said hoarsely, trying hard to control himself. "I am really busy and I would like to be left alone."

To say Christian was surprised would definitely be an understatement. He was really shocked and didn't know how to react. But anyway, he knew he couldn't reach to Carter. He just sighed and got up. Then he started going away.

But before he got far, he stopped and went back to where Carter was. 

"Why have you changed so suddenly with me?" He asked with concern in his voice. "Everything was going well, wasn't it?"

Carter couldn't believe Christian had the nerves to ask him that. He looked at him coldly and continued with what he was doing.

"I don't have any explanation for you question." He groaned.

"Okay." He took a deep sigh. "Aren't you going to Miguel's company to sell your stuff?"

"No!" Carter's heart was on fire. "I will sell them on the streets today. I don't feel like going there."

"Okay, now I know things are not okay. Why don't you talk to me?" Christian had never seen Carter react like that. It wasn't him at all. It was as if he was talking to a stranger.

"I am fine." He sighed, smiling faintly. "Life is not just going so well."

"Okay, maybe I can..."

"Weren't you in hurry? Aren't you going somewhere?"

"Yes!" Christian nodded. "I have a lot to do."

Carter couldn't believe he was jealous. He raised his head and got up to face him.

"You must be going to see La don to fix your issues right?"

"What?" Christian had never seen Carter act so strange. Ever since that day at the hospital, Carter had been acting strangely. "No! I am not going to see Miguel. I just have to see to some things that I haven't attended to, like my art." He got closer to Carter and looked at him. "What's wrong with you?" He cupped his cheeks. "I would like our friendship to go back to the way it was."

Carter looked at Christian and honestly he really wanted to agree with him. But he couldn't just do that. He moved away from Christian, took his bike and went to his house. He was just too hurt to talk to Christian or laugh with him.

Christian on the other hand just watched what was going on. He sighed and went back to his house to attend to some things that he had to do at that particular time. But he was still thinking about Carter.

****

Miguel was sitting on his chair in his office looking hot as usual. He was wearing a black trouser, blue shirt and white shoes. He was looking sexy with his hair tied back and his chest exposed. He was feeling fresh but his mood was definitely not good.

"Reports." He said in his bossy voice, looking at Brandon. "Did you exactly what I had asked you to do?"

"Yes!" Brandon sighed, shaking his head. "I had found out about the bastard and guess what?"

Miguel rolled his eyes. "I don't have time for stupid and childish games. Just tell me what you had found out."

"Okay." He sighed. "Felix is in the congress and..."

"What?" He gasped, furiously getting up from the chair. "That idiot had gotten himself up? Oh! This is really..."

"What do you want me to do?"

"That's not even a question." He chuckled bitterly, sitting back on the chair. "We have to destroy his reputation in the congress." He ordered. "I cannot take any chances with that bastard. I don't know how he got in the congress so soon or how he managed to hide for so long from me but he cannot go further than he did. That idiot will come after me real soon and he had the nerves to call me." He chuckled bitterly, rubbing on his temple. "We have to do everything to destroy him so that they can get someone that is willing to go extra miles and that person is..." He paused and looked at Brandon. "...you."

"What?" He gasped, almost passing out at his excitement. "Are you really serious about this? I mean..." Then he lost the smile on his face. "...but will Felix's party accept me?"

"Don't worry," He chuckled nervously. "With just a little donation, the party will have no choice but to welcome you with open arms."

"But..."

"Even if you don't join, I want that man out of the congress." He ordered. "He might ruin my plans. You know exactly the past I have with him so just go out and wait for my orders. I will call you."

"Okay." Brandon smiled, getting up from the chair. "I will do as you have said."

Brandon left and Miguel's mood just got totally ruined. He really hated Felix so much because he knew very well that the bastard was gonna destroy his life. He knew exactly what he was gonna have to do to get rid of him.

"You think you are gonna mess with me?" He chuckled bitterly, chirping. An evil grin appeared on his face. "I know what you are up to."

Miguel took his pen and started signing documents. It wasn't long before he heard his office phone ringing. He quickly picked it up and answered.

"Hello!"

"Hello, sir..." The woman on the phone said softly. "How are you doing?"

"I am fine." He asked, moving his eyes from side to side.

"Okay, sir." The woman sounded so sweet on the other end. "I just called to ask if you are going to send the money this month."

"Money?" he frowned. Then it hit him. "Oh! I am really sorry." He hit his head. "I have been so busy that I have totally forgotten about. Don't worry, I will send in the money today."

Miguel couldn't believe he had totally forgotten about sending money to foundation. He had been doing so for three years. The foundation dealt with abused men and women by helping them forget and to live better lives. It also had little children there. The foundation helped little children, especially orphans and those abused with school.

"Okay, sir..." The woman sounded really happy. "...and I am sorry if I..."

"No!" He chuckled happily, smiling brightly. "It's totally understandable. Thank you for reminding me. I will make sure that money reaches the foundation."

"Okay." The woman cut the phone.

Miguel chuckled softly, shaking his head. Helping the foundation really made him feel happy. He just forgot about it and dived into his work. He still had an important meeting in the afternoon.

***

Brian was slowly walking in the beautiful house, looking all around. He was dressed his best in a beautiful red shirt, black designer's trouser and black shoes. His hair was gelled and his face was looking cute.

Brian's heart was pounding so much that he got really scared. His body was trembling and adrenaline was preying on him. He was nervous as hell and he was trying to control his breaths which were coming out harshly. Fuck!

After quite a while, Brian came on the room which he had been directed at by the workers. He was supposed to meet with the man that he had come to see. But his nerves were getting to him and he was just too scared.

"This is it."

Brian took three deep breaths and then knocked on the door. It wasn't long before the door opened, revealing a tall man with a smile on his face. The man had short dark brown hair with grey eyes. His face was round and he wasn't really young. He had unshaved beards and a little moustache. He was a little muscular and cute. His shirt was not buttoned up and he was wearing nothing but a cargo short. And fuck, he looked drunk.

"Hey, you." The man chuckled happily, opening the door widely. "Come inside. I have been expecting you for a while now."

"Felix!" Brian gasped, smiling at him. I can't believe this."

"I know we haven't seen each other in quite a while but come on in."

Brian went inside and he could see that Felix wasn't quite a clean man. His stuff was all over the bed and he had a glass of wine on the table. They both went to sit in the small living room. Brian was checking out the room. It was beautiful and elegant.  

"So..." Felix chuckled, smiling at Brian. "How have you been? I kinda missed you, you know. I always thought about you."

"Ha ha..." Brian chuckled nervously, looking at him. "You haven't stopped drinking up to this time? I thought you said you were gonna try."

"Hmm," He gave a gloomy sigh. Then he got up and shook his head. "I have been trying to stop to but... it's really hard. You know exactly what had happened in the past. Miguel almost destroyed my life two years ago. It's hard to just stop in the situation that I have been in."

"I know that but I hope you are not trying to get into Miguel's way once again." He asked. "You don't wanna get in his way again."
