 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to this amazing chapter of Wild flower. Can Miguel fight for his justice while fighting for love? Will he ever get both in the end or will something else get in the way? Find out as Miguel's fight for love and justice continues in the all new "Wild Flower."

Feel the passion...

***

"What are you doing here?" Miguel asked, coming down the staircase sexily.

He was putting on a red sexy shirt that showed his beautiful chest and was folded at the sleeves. He was wearing a tight black designer's skinny jean and blue shoes on his feet. His red hair was on and he wasn't in the mood for jokes especially after what he had found out about the idiot, Brandon.

"Miguel you might have broken up all ties with me but I didn't cut any ties with you." Brian said with a smile, looking at his brother. 

He was wearing a black designer's shirt with white trouser and black shoes. He was looking marvelous and handsome.

"But I don't wanna talk to you." Miguel started heading to the living room with Brian following behind. "You betrayed me and you are still sleeping with that son of a bitch."

"Can we please not talk about Felix right now?"

"Sure, gladly!" Miguel turned and gave an evil grin. "Let's talk about something else. How about talking about you staying away from Daniel and the entire foundation?" He asked, surprising Brian. "Brandon told me that you were there the other day. What do you want there?"

"I just passed by to..." He paused and tried to make himself calm. If Miguel ever found out he had signed up as Felix's campaign manager, he was gonna kill him. "Anyway, what do you want with that foundation or Daniel. In fact, I can bet my life that you don't mess with people you don't have issues with."

"What are you implying?" Miguel folded his arms, giving his brother an evil grin.

"I know that you have something to do with those women that accused him of prostituting them." He accused. But Miguel wasn't that surprised. "I am also sure that you had planted those cameramen there to take the whole thing, right?"

"You know what, Brian..." Miguel pointed, not losing that sexy smile on his face. "...I would have loved to say yes to that question but I honestly have no idea what you are talking about. I helped the foundation because I can't bear to see those people suffering because..." He paused as his face got serious. "...because I have been through hell and back. You of all of people should understand this."

"I know you want to destroy that man because you probably have beef with him." Brian wasn't gonna fall for Miguel's lies. "Miguel, you can lie to everyone else but not to me." He got closer and then took a deep breath. "Tell me, Daniel is one of the dragons right?"

Miguel felt his heart pound deep in his chest and then a sudden pain that made him remember his past. He hated that name so much that it brought the beast in him.

"No!" He lied, shaking his head. "Daniel is a good man and he has nothing to do with those bastards. I just wanna help him and his foundation."

"You wanna help him?" Brian chuckled bitterly. "You did the same thing with Hector and Lambert. You pretended you wanted to help them only to end up torturing and finishing them off."

Miguel remembered how he had killed all the three of them and it brought nothing but pain to him. His eyes became glassy as his anger shot up to another level.

"Get out!" He pointed angrily to the door. "Leave and never return here. You are living your own life now so why do you come back?"

"Miguel..."

"Out!"

Brian quickly turned and left Miguel in tears. He couldn't believe Brian was making him cry. A few seconds, Brandon came and held him tightly. He could feel the fire in him burning in need of Miguel. He was really losing it.

"You did a good thing keeping Brian away from yourself because he betrayed you." He said, rubbing Miguel's back. "These people that shouldn't ever be trusted because they can just betray you again if you give them another chance."

Miguel moved his head from Brandon and stared at him. "Then tell me the truth..." He rubbed his tears, giving him a serious look. "...have you ever hidden anything from me, Brandon?"

Brandon chuckled, shaking his head. "I swear on my life that I would never betray you."

Miguel smiled brightly and then moved seductively to Brandon's face, causing a fire that got out of control in Brandon's face. He thought Miguel was gonna kiss him but got surprised when Miguel rather went for his ears.

"I know what you are thinking, Brandon." He whispered seductively, not knowing what he was doing to Brandon. "I want you to follow me to my room. I have something to show you."

Brandon's cock was instantly hard, pulsing in his briefs. Fuck! He wanted to fuck Miguel so bad that he instantly started leaking. His breaths changed and he felt as if he was gonna have a heart attack. There were so many dirty thoughts that were going through his head.

"Come on!" Miguel held Brandon's hand and they both went to his bedroom.

As soon as they reached, Miguel started playing with Brandon's neck, drawing sensual moans from him. Fuck! Brandon's body was on fire with lust. He was instantly sweating and he couldn't breathe properly. Fuck, he was so lost in his lust that his entire body felt tingly.

"Hmm..." Miguel moaned as he passed his hands all over Brandon's neck.

Biting his lips seductively, Miguel helped Brandon take off his shirt and threw it to only God knows where. He smiled brightly as he passed his hands all over Brandon's sexy hairy chest, enjoying the harsh breaths he was giving him. Brandon's heart was beating so hard that Miguel could feel it on his hands. He was caressing his fantastic arbs, making him breath heavily and burning him with desire.

"Oh!"

"Today is your lucky day, Brandon." He said seductively, making Brandon shiver. "I am gonna fill your life with pleasure. You won't ever forget this day."

He pushed Brandon on the bed and seductively crawled on top of him. He licked his lips seductively, connecting his eyes with Brandon. He slowly moved his hands to Brandon's crotch and was met with his pulsing hard cock. It was so big and Miguel could feel it pulsing and in need of him. He unbuckled his belt and unzipped him, giving air to that monster in his pants.

Miguel seductively started kissing Brandon all over his stomach while his hands caressed his arbs. He moved his body and slowly sat on Brandon's bulge...

"Oh..." Brandon moaned loudly, moving his hands to Miguel's waist.

Fuck! He couldn't believe his dream was gonna come true that day. He was gonna finally fuck Miguel and feel his sweetness. He was gonna diffuse from his sweet nectar and they were gonna be one forever. He was gonna make love to him the entire day.

Miguel teased Brandon all over his body with his lips and when he was about to reach his lips, he withdrew and then smiled brightly at him. Brandon tried to kiss him but he rather kissed his nose and Miguel chuckled happily.

He reached for the drawer and then got out handcuffs.

He showed the handcuffs to Brandon who slowly got his head up with his hands all over Miguel's back. His cock was painfully hard and with Miguel's ass on his bulge, fuck, he was only seconds away from shooting his load.

"I don't think that's necessary..." Brandon spoke in his deep manly voice. "I can pleasure you without all those things, baby. I am a rough man but I promise to be gentle."

Miguel kissed Brandon's nipple and heard him moan sexily. "I think they are." He licked his lips, winking at him. "This is my first time with you too and I want to fulfill all my fantasies with you. Won't you help me fulfill that?"

Miguel then quickly put the cuffs around Brandon's neck and got him up. He took him to a chair and then made him sit there. He tied his hands so that he couldn't free himself while the guy moaned as if it was the end of the world. He was moaning like a dog in extreme heat. Things were intense for him.

Miguel tied him up while he continued caressing him.

"You are gonna scream my name, Brandon," He promised, smiling at him. Fuck! How can a man be so beautiful, Brandon thought as he felt as if he was running out air? "I wanna control everything today including your movements Brandon. I want it to be slow and sexy."

"Shit!" Brandon cried out in pleasure, biting Miguel's hand. "I want you so bad."

"And you will have me." Miguel promised, still kissing him.

Miguel started slowly unbuttoning his shirt and when he was done, he sat on top of Brandon and moaned when Brandon kissed his chest. He held the back of Brandon's head, dropping his head. Fuck! Things were getting hotter between them.

"Please..." Brandon cried. 

"It will be soon..." Miguel promised as he moved his waist, moving his ass against Brandon's crotch. "I even told all my employees to leave because I want us..." He said breathlessly. "...I want us to scream of desire."

"Oh... Ah..." Those were the moans that got out of Brandon's mouth. "I... I can't take this any longer."

"You don't have to wait because I will give it to you now."

Miguel winked at Brandon and then went away for a minute. Brandon wanted to let his hands free so that he could slum into Miguel and give him pleasure. But no matter what, he promised he was gonna fuck his brains out tied or not tied.

He was sweating as if someone had poured water on him. He wanted it... he wanted it really bad. But before things went further, Brandon got the surprise of his life when he felt something cold on his neck. He quickly moved his head and found Miguel looking at him with anger in his eyes and oh, fuck, Miguel was holding a knife to his neck.

"Now what the fuck where you doing at the building when Pablo died?" Miguel rasped, scaring the hell out of Brandon.

"W... what are you talking about?" Brandon stammered, feeling really scared. "I never..."

"You think I am joking?" Miguel furiously moved the knife closer. "Tell me what you were doing there because I won't hesitate to slice your throat. You know I can do it because I have already killed those bastards that messed with me and..."

"Mi... Miguel..." Brandon's obsession and lust had suddenly turned to fear. His heart was about to rip out of his chest. "Don't do something that you'll regret..."

"Oh, I won't regret." Miguel chuckled sinisterly. "So..."

"Okay!" Brandon breathed in deeply. "I was... I was there at the site and I pushed him because, I was trying to..."

"Protect me?" Miguel chuckled. "You did this because of yourself and I wanna know the reason why you framed me for it."

"I saved you and..."

"You know what I am talking about." Miguel yelled in his face. "I will slit your throat, I fucking swear to you, Brandon. Start talking right now before..." Miguel started moving the knife and Brandon's cock simply went flaccid.

"I was the one that killed him." He blurted, his entire body quivering. Miguel had never done that to him before. Fuck! He was so scared because in his dream, Miguel had actually killed him the same way. "I went there and the man just... he arrived and he wanted to fight you there. I couldn't allow him to do that so before he did, I pushed him from the building."

"But you pinned that on me and..."

"I only did that because I didn't like Christian! His father's death brought a rift in your relationship." Brandon screamed. He could feel the sharp knife on his neck and he knew that it had somehow started cutting him. "I... I only did it to separate you from Christian because I love you so much Miguel. Christian doesn't love you as much as I do. He doesn't love you. Please!"

Miguel couldn't believe what he was hearing. And he trusted the bastard so much. He had thought that he had his back the entire time but he was actually the one stabbing him in it with his stupid lust. He was actually the cause of everything.

"How dare you?" He barked, pressing the knife harder on that neck. His heart was pounding deeper in his chest. "Who do you think you are to determine how my love life should be?"

"I ..."

"Shut the fuck up before I slit your throat." He yelled. "And to think that I trusted you so much, Brandon. But you know what, I have the DNA that shows that you killed him."

"What?"

"Yes!" Miguel nodded. "The same doctor you bribed gave it to me. I am gonna show it to Christian and finally end all this nonsense."

He furiously removed the knife and threw it hard on the floor. He gave Brandon an angry look. The man looked as if he was running out of breath or like he had just seen a ghost. Miguel was gonna expose him and he didn't care about the consequences.

"I will now go and talk to him and clear this issue once and for all."

Hearing Miguel's words, Brandon burst into laughter. He was really mad at Miguel for what he had done but he still loved him and forgave him. After all, he had caused what was going on. Miguel was just reacting to it.

Miguel started buttoning up his shirt and then fixed himself up. He took the envelope and then looked at Brandon. The man was gonna pay for what he had done. He was gonna let Christian do whatever he wanted with him.

"Christian won't believe you..." Brandon said in between breaths. "That guy is stupid and he doesn't deserve you. But you know what..." He chuckled softly. "...I will be just here waiting for you."

He ignored the idiot and left him tied up.

***

Christian was busy looking at the file, trying to figure a way to help Carter. He had at least gotten him out of solitary confinement and could now receive visitors. He was yet to tell his mother because he didn't know if she was ready to take that her son was in prison. At least, he had bribed some of the guards and they were helping him keep Carter safe.

"Fuck!"

He heard a knock on the door and quickly rushed to open it. As soon as he opened it, he found Miguel staring at him and he let himself inside. Christian looked outside before closing the door and then followed Miguel behind.

Fuck! He couldn't keep his eyes off that bubbly ass that was inviting him. Shit! His feelings were suddenly surfacing and he needed to control himself.

"What are you doing here?" He said rudely.

"Well, the last time we spoke, Christian, I told you that I was gonna prove myself to you." He quickly turned and faced Christian without even smiling. "This is the evidence I was talking about." He threw the envelope at Christian.

Christian gripped the envelope and then opened it. When his eyes reached that paper, they widened and he felt as if his heart was about to burst. He got really confused to the point where he couldn't even stop staring at that letter.

"I told you I was looking for evidence and I have clearly presented it to you." Miguel said angrily. He was really in pain at that time. "I have found the evidence from the same doctor and Brandon's hair was found on him. Brandon was the one that accidentally pushed your father."

Christian was still dumbstruck. He was still looking at the DNA test results and it was clearly what Miguel had been telling him all along.

"It was just unfortunate that I was at the construction site that time to pay one of my workers." He continued, pointing angrily at Christian. "His name is Peter. I was there with him when everything happened. You also remember that I told you I would never forgive you for doubting me."

"No!" Christian shook his head in fear, looking at Miguel's handsome face. He was really so confused. "No! This is probably not true. I won't accept this." He threw the evidence on the floor. "Maybe you paid the doctor to forge the results."

"Excuse me!" Miguel was so surprised.

"We both know what I am saying." Christian said angrily. "You have been lying and fooling me ever since we met. You are even responsible for Carter and Lawrence's arrest and torture."

Miguel couldn't believe he was actually hearing that from the man that he had given evidence. He was really mad and annoyed. Christian was sounding really annoying and Miguel was really pissed.

"Do you hate me so much that you can't admit you were wrong?" He asked, pointing at Christian. 

"What do you want me to do?" Christian yelled, gripping his hair furiously. He was hurting inside because deep down, his feelings told him to believe Miguel. "I can't erase the image of my father falling to his death or the pain my mother went through afterwards. I am pretty sure you paid the forensic to forge the results you've presented to me. Who knows if you also bribed the people that made Carter..."

"Stop it right there." Miguel lost his cool. He couldn't take the foolishness anymore. "You keep blaming me for things that I haven't done." He moved closer to Christian, pointing his finger at him. He wasn't gonna go weak. "Aren't you supposed to be some big shot lawyer?" he chuckled bitterly, giving a sinister look. "Then investigate and find one piece of evidence that will incriminate me."

Christian was dumbfounded by the tone that Miguel spoke to him with. His heart started pounding deeper in his chest as his eyes became glassy. A strong shiver took control of his body and he actually felt frozen, overcome with strong emotions.

"I have brought my own evidence proving my own innocence." He laughed, angering Christian. "If you are as good of lawyer as you claim then you should bring the evidence you claim incriminate me instead of acting like an idiot all the time."

Miguel gave him a cold and furiously left the house. But Christian followed him behind. He wanted to talk to him and explain some things but his fears were getting the best of him. He reached him and gripped his arm, pulling him closer to his body. He also noticed that there was a guard with him. 

Christian ordered the guard to leave them alone but the guard just stood there without moving an inch. Of course, he wasn't gonna take orders from a nobody. Miguel sighed and dismissed the guard. He bowed and left.

"What do you want?" He asked, looking at the watch. "I don't have whole day to talk to you so make it quick. I already told you everything you needed to know about your father. I won't stand here and watch you accuse me anymore."

"Okay, you want to prove your good intentions, right?" Christian asked, not letting go of Miguel's arm. "Then let Carter and Lawrence out of the prison."

Miguel burst into laughter when he heard Chris' request. It was really hilarious that Chris had asked him that. He wasn't surprised.

"Don't be boring, Christian." He was still laughing, not realizing how serious Christian was. "I can't do that because I am not the one who placed him there in the first place."

"You put him there and you can get him out.

"Ooooh..." Miguel teased, folding her arms. "What has happened to that man who always wanted to prove to be righteous the entire time? Hmm, Mr. righteous is asking me to disregard the law?"

"It's not going to be the first time you do." Christian said seriously.

Miguel smiled brightly and then got closer to Chris' face, breathing heavily on him. "I will not stick out my neck for someone who doesn't deserve it, Christian. I am done helping people. I told you that already."

Christian pulled Miguel's arm and brought him even closer. "You are just doing this because you are jealous."

"Jealous?" Miguel laughed sarcastically, rolling his eyes. "I can never be jealous of Carter. I know for a fact that you still love me." He got serious, moving seductively to Chris' lips. 

Christian's emotions were getting out of control. His body was betraying him. He was feeling a dangerous passion that was making his breaths harsh and his cock was rising in his pants. He wanted to kiss Miguel so bad.

"Hmmm..." Miguel was looking at him in a sexy way. "I know we only broke up because of everyone's lies regarding your father's death but now that you know that is not true..." He brushed his lips on Christian's. The guy was already seduced and Miguel loved it that way.
