 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Hello and welcome to another hot chapter of this intriguing story. Thank you very much for everything and your great love. I really love you a lot. I just hope this chapter will be able to make you smile and laugh as you read. 

Don't forget to drop your comments and rates on this story.

Feel the passion...

*****

Christian was looking at the screen, trying to get if his eyes had deceived him but no, it was clear that the man in the video was Miguel. He had been dressed the same way that day when they had met in Sumitria so there was no denying that. He was one hundred percent sure about it.

"He lied to me?" He thought, trying long and hard to reject it. "He couldn't have."

Christian wondered why Miguel had lied to him. He didn't tell him about his meeting with Antonio that day they had met and kissed at the beach.

"Now will you explain to me what you are doing here? Why did you come to Sumitria?" Christian asked in a curious tone.

"I am a businessman so isn't it obvious that I came here for business?" He said hoarsely. "I got into the water because I felt like it. You should know by now that I do whatever it is that I want."

That had meant Miguel had been lying to him but for what purpose?

"Hey, man!" George patted on his shoulder. "Are you sure that man in the video is Miguel Powers? It could be anyone. It's not necessarily Miguel."

"No!" Christian shook his head, looking at his friend in fear. "I can swear on my life that it's him. I had met with him that day and he had been wearing the same outfit. I can't even forget his body. His face might have not been clear but I know Miguel." 

"So then if it's him why didn't he say anything?" George gasped, raising his eyebrow at his friend. "Just forget about it. I am sure it's not him."

"Believe me, man." Christian couldn't tear his eyes away from the screen. "That's Miguel. But one thing I don't understand though is..." He gave his friend a confused look, still trying not to believe it was Miguel. "...I had told him that I was one of the suspects in this case. I told him they were somehow blaming me for his death."

George looked at the screen and then at Christian, giving him a not so sure look. "Are you sure it's him and you are not mistaken?'

Christian gave his friend an angry look as he clenched his fists. His heart was still racing and his body was trembling in fear.

"Why the fuck would you ask me such a question?" He literally yelled, surprising his best friend. "It's him. Of course, it's him, do you actually think I am an imbecile to confuse the boy I love?"

"Okay?" George raised his hands as if he was surrendering. He could feel that his friend was getting angry at him. "I know that you love Miguel but he has become really powerful and I am sorry for saying this but there are some stories circulating around him." Christian frowned. He didn't like what George had just said. "I don't need to remind you that he can practically lie to anyone including you, Christian."

"No!" he shook his head. "Don't you dare, George? I am warning you. I don't wanna hear any negative thing about Miguel, okay. I am not in the mood for it."

"But I was just..."

"Will you stop it?" He yelled, not minding that he was to be quiet or the guard was gonna hear him. "I told you not to talk about the boy I love." What George felt couldn't be explained. Never had he seen Christian act like that before. "Not another word from you. In fact, you should concentrate on checking if the head of security is back."

"Okay, man." He raised his hands, getting up. "I am really sorry if I have offended you." He walked a little distance and came back to the now serious man. "When will you be done so that we can head back to the capital?"

"No!" Christian shook his head, looking at his friend with a serious face. "We are not going to the capital just yet. We still have a lot to do."

"But we have found some evidence, right?" He asked. "Why don't we..."

"It's not enough." He groaned in anger. No way was he going to expose the boy he loved. He had been there for some reason. That didn't mean he killed the ugly bastard. "We have to find out more and I know where we are gonna look next."

"Okay."

George patted on his shoulder and went to the door to check if the guy was anywhere near. Meanwhile, Christian took out his USB drive and copied the videos. He was confused as it was and he was missing Miguel at the same time. He needed him so much.

***

Felix was seated on a wonderful chair, looking at the guys that he was with. He was dressed his best, looking really presentable just like he had been ordered to do so. His heart was pounding and he was trembling in fear. He knew he was only moments away from destroying his life and career and Miguel didn't just care about that.

He was with Alejandro and Brandon who were equally looking really sexy, giving him dirty looks. While Alejandro hated the guy, Brandon wanted to kill him for even speaking to Miguel when they were together. That was supposed to be his moment. He had his fists clenched and he was only a few minutes away from punching him.

Aside from the guys, Laura, Alejandro's wife was also there. She was gonna be doing the interviews as she was ordered. She was dressed beautifully in a grey designer's suit and her hair was tied in a ponytail. She was happy to be with her husband.

"I can see that Miguel decided to bring his entire army." He chuckled bitterly, looking at all of the angry faces. "I can't believe he is really doing this to me after what we went through together. I helped him with power and some of the connections." He moved his eyes and looked at beautiful Laura. "He didn't even spare this beautiful woman." 

Laura rolled her eyes, taking a gloomy sigh.

"Are you really gonna do this to me?" he asked in a soft voice. "Will you really sentence me on national Television knowing that I am innocent?"

"What the fuck?" Alejandro snapped, furiously getting up. He gave Felix a cold look, clenching his fists. "I think it would be better if you shut your mouth and concentrate on your lines instead."

Hearing Alejandro's angry voice, Felix chuckled bitterly. He might have been laughing but deep down inside he was in so much pain. He couldn't get Miguel out of his mind.

"It's really funny." He chuckled, taking a deep sigh. "All of you are just corrupt people." He gave a laugh of mock. "You are just Miguel's puppets. He only uses you for his gain and you follow blindly."

"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Brandon snapped, pointing at him. "You better stop talking about him." He warned. He didn't like people talking ill of Miguel. "You are the only puppet here since you idiotically signed anything that Miguel placed in front of you. Don't you remember what happened when you were with him?"

"How dare you?" Felix answered back, clenching his fists.

"Well!" Brandon taunted, wrapping his arms around his chest. "Isn't it the truth? You were nothing but his toy and you are still a puppet."

Now Felix was really mad. "Do you..."

"Enough!" Alejandro yelled, stamping his foot on the ground. "Stop your drama." He moved his angry eyes to Felix. "And you..." He pointed at him. "Stop this no sense and concentrate on your lines. You shouldn't mess this up or you are gonna be sorry."

Felix groaned, moving his eyes away. Laura who had just been watching took a sigh and got up. She slowly walked to her core worker and told them that nothing was to go wrong with the interview. She knew if anything went wrong them Miguel was gonna deal with her.

Laura came back in the room and she handed Felix a paper.

"What's this for?"

"Those are the questions I am going to ask you." She ordered, nodding her head. "You better memorize them and don't forget your lines."

"You heard her." Alejandro got up and went to Felix, looking at him as if he was the most disgusting thing he had ever seen in his life. "You better not try to act smart."

"Okay." He threw the papers the down to the floor, looking at all of them. "You people are forcing me to do something that I..."

"You brought it upon yourself." Brandon said with an evil grin on his face. He chuckled when Felix frowned. "You came back and you couldn't just shut your ass. You just had to open it and tell him foolish things."

"I am going to speak the truth that you are forcing me." He said with courage.

"Go ahead." Brandon grinned, making eye contact with him. "You try that and you are gonna go to hell. If you dare defy us, you are gonna rot in jail with your stupid pride."

"Wow!" Felix laughed, shaking his head. He was still in pain but he was definitely not a coward. "I know why you are saying this and why you like Miguel." Brandon frowned as his body trembled in anger. "I have always known of your obsession for Miguel even back then when we were together but at least he was mine once but you..." He chirped, shaking his head in mock. "...you will never ever have him." He grinned.

Brandon had never been so angry in his life before. His fists were trembling and his face was red hot that he could have sworn smoke was coming out. He had never been so mad at anyone before. His heart was racing terribly and his body was both hot and cold. He was ready to kill the bastard.

"You stupid son of a bitch." He yelled, furiously moving towards Felix. "I am gonna remove your teeth out of your..."

"Brandon!" Alejandro gripped his arm and pulled him closer.

"Let me show this bastard how..."

"No!" Alejandro shook his head. "Don't try anything stupid because Miguel won't appreciate it. Just control yourself. Felix is just trying to ruin this and that's all. Don't believe what he said."

Brandon groaned, furiously releasing his arm from Alejandro's grip. His breaths were really harsh and violent. His heart was pounding and his eyes were red from all the anger. He really hated Felix. How he wished he had killed him that night. He was really annoying.

Brandon furiously walked back to his seat and sat on it, still looking at the bastard that had just dug his own grave. He was gonna make him pay once he had the chance. He was gonna kill him.

***

Miguel was sitting in the living room, playing with his phone. He was in a really happy mood that day and he knew the reason why that was so. He was looking sexy and presentable where he was seated.

Miguel's hair was tied in a twist in burn. He was putting on a beautiful blood red designer's t-shirt and white skinny jean which just made him look amazing. He had sandals on him and he was waiting for probably one of his greatest achievements ever.

"Hey!" He heard Brian's voice.

He moved his eyes and looked at Brian who was looking gorgeous in a cargo short and white t-shirt. He had a smile on his face as usual and Miguel felt really happy when he saw him like that. Brian came and sat with him on the couch, still smiling.

"Hey!" Miguel smiled back. "I thought you were outside."

"Nah!" He chirped, shaking his head. "I was just taking a shower upstairs and I came in the living a few seconds ago but you are looking at your phone. Are you expecting a call from him?"

"Who?" Miguel shrugged.

"Who else?" Brian chuckled nervously. "I am referring to Christian."

Miguel blushed, checking his phone once more. "No! I am just expecting a really important call."

"More important than Christian's call?"

"Yes!" Miguel nodded, grinning at Brian. "This call is really important and I have been waiting for it."

"Okay, I..."

Before Brian could finish his sentence, Miguel's phone started ringing. A smile appeared on Miguel's face, more like an evil grin when he looked at the phone. It was Alejandro and hopefully, he had great news for Miguel.

"Tell me."

"Felix's interview is about to start." Alejandro said with an evil chuckle. "Are you ready?"

"I wouldn't miss it for the world."

Miguel cut the call, throwing the phone on the couch. He took his TV remote and tuned in. All this time, Brian who had no idea what was going on was wondering what Miguel was up to and what was making him that happy. But anyway, he was gonna find out very soon.

The program started and Laura was looking so sexy. It was as if she was prepared for that interview and she was happy it was happening. She had a brilliant smile on her face that made Miguel's heart to melt with happiness.

Laura started with the introduction and then...

"In here today, I have with one of the newest members of the congress, Felix and we are gonna interview him on our set today."

Miguel chuckled like an evil person when he saw that look on Felix's face. He was just so happy. Brian on the other hand just froze when he saw Felix on the TV. His heart started pounding... his breaths became a little harsh... he got really nervous and scared at the same time. He lost the smile on his face, replaced by a big frown.

Brian didn't know what to do or say at that time. He looked at Miguel and saw how happy he was. He remembered what Felix had told him about Miguel and his fear doubled. There was definitely no denying that Miguel had ordered that interview. It was clear and he also knew that Miguel might have done something to put Felix under his control.

"Well, thank you so much, Laura." Felix smiled as if he was enjoying it. That only made Miguel laugh. "It's really nice to be here today because I have something important to say to everyone."

The interview started and Felix started by thanking everyone, including the people that gave him an opportunity to continue with his political career after all the scandals that had been flying around. He also told them that he had issued a statement a few days ago about the reason why he had become the way he was.

"I would like to apologize to everyone and tell them that the statement I made was false." He sighed. "Before it goes viral, I would like to say that what I said about Miguel Powers during any interview a few days ago was wrong. I was just resentful because we broke up."

Brian couldn't believe what he was seeing. He gave Miguel a dirty look, failing to understand him completely. He couldn't believe the type of happiness Miguel was deriving from destroying Felix's life, his ex.

Miguel on the other hand was enjoying Felix's statement. He just thanked his lucky stars that statement didn't go viral or it would have been bad. He loved seeing Felix suffer for his foolishness.

"Hmm," He moaned, shaking his head happily. "Can you imagine?"

"Miguel!" Brian gasped, looking at his face. "Did you do this?"

Was that even a question? Of course, he did it. Who the hell was Felix to come and mess with him and his plans?

"Felix was asking for it." He chuckled manically. "He had the nerves to try and mess with me. This is what he gets for being stupid and nosy. Next time he will know where to step."

Brian felt really terrible and hurt. He had no idea why he felt that way. He always supported Miguel in what he did but that time he was quiet. He felt bad for Felix. He didn't deserve it.

Felix looked really unhappy. He was very unhappy and je wanted to spill everything to the surface but he knew his ass was on the line if he tried anything funny. He knew he had to cooperate.

Laura was doing a really great job with her interview. She was grilling Felix so much that everything seemed real. Miguel was gonna award her for that later. Felix on the other hand said just as he had been told to answer. He explained the reason why his political career had been destroyed about a year and half ago. At first he had said Miguel had destroyed his life but he retracted that and said as he had been told to.

"And from this moment onwards..." He paused, trying to swallow his pain. He wanted to cry but he couldn't do it. "...I renounce my political career. I no longer what anything to do with it. I need to concentrate on something else and hence the reason why I am no longer interested in politics."

"Does this mean that you will no longer be in the congress?"

Felix gulped, feeling a sharp pain all over his body. "Yes!" he smiled brightly. "This is an important decision that I have taken and I wanted to share it with everyone."

"That's really sad." Laura didn't care. 

She asked a few questions before she went on and asked about the news of his drinking that was all over.

Miguel burst into laughter, touching his chest. His job had been done. There were no more obstacles in his way. Felix was gonna think twice again before trying to mess with him again. He was gonna regret it for the rest of his life.

"Ha ha..."

Brian had never been so pissed off at Miguel before. For the first time ever, he felt as if Miguel had done something he shouldn't have.

"Why would you do that?" Brian gave a sigh of relief, trying to hide his pain. "The poor man was just about to recover his political career and now you've destroyed it."

"And so what?" Miguel rolled his eyes. "He played with fire and he knew he was definitely gonna get burnt. That will teach him never to play with me again."

Hearing what Miguel had just said, Brian gave a gloomy sigh, shaking his head.

"How do you think..."

"Look! If you are here to lecture me then I am not interested." Miguel snapped, dropping the remote. "By the way, what's your problem? Whose side are you on here?"

"It's just not right?" Brian sighed. "Just look at..."

"I am a really busy man." Miguel furiously got up. He glowered. "Excuse me."

Without saying anything else, Miguel got out of the living room and went to his room, shutting the door. Something was definitely bothering him. He quickly passed his room and went to his sanctuary. The whole place was lit with beautiful candles.

He slowly walked to the table, looking at his parents' photos. A tear went down his cheek as he experienced another level of pain. He was crying and he felt terrible for no reason at all. His heart was racing.

"I am sorry, father." He sobbed softly, picking his father's picture. "Please, forgive me. I had to do what I did because I cannot let anyone be an obstacle in my way. I cannot allow anyone to destroy me like that. Please..." He sobbed. A tear went to his father's photo.

"I cannot afford any obstacles now that I am close to finishing my revenge." He slowly rubbed his tears. "This pain that I have in my heart will never go away until I have completed my mission. I will never be at peace and these nightmares shall never go away as long as those evil men are still alive."

Miguel picked his mother's photo and looked at her beautiful face. "How I wish all of you were here with me. Even if you couldn't have been here, I wish I had a brother that would support me. I wish he hadn't died that night because I am really lonely here."

Miguel cried for a number of minutes. He slowly passed his hand on his handsome father's face, remembering how he had been and how good he had been with everyone. He remembered everything his father had taught him and all those warm hugs and kisses.

"I am so sorry, daddy." He cried, smiling through his pain. "Forgive me for not being like you. I just hope you are proud of me."

He fell to the floor and continued crying.

***

Carter came back home and his mood was a little bright. He entered their house and found his mother on the chair with her hands on her face. She was looking really sad as usual and he honestly didn't like seeing her like that.

Carter cleared his throat and knelt down before her, holding her softly. She raised her eyes and smiled faintly at him. Carter could see that she had tears in her eyes and it affected him too. If only he could take her problems away.

"What is it now, mother?" He sighed. "Why are you always like this?"

She smiled softly, rubbing on his face. "I am okay, my love. I just don't feel good that's all."
