 Final pieces are always the best and they live us hanging, especially this one. Welcome to the finale of the first part where you get to enjoy Miguel's beautiful journey. It might be really emotional at times and funny at others but never forget, Miguel has friends in higher places that you guys have no idea of. Anyway, I love you.

Before I go into writing, I would like to tell you guys that this part hasn't been edited because I have been too busy to do so with school stuff. I hope you don't mind the few errors you may encounter but I promise they won't ruin your story.

Feel the passion...

***

Christian ran to his father and found him lying on the ground. He had hit his head really badly and he was bleeding terribly. He was already gone. Seeing him lying lifeless on the ground, Christian felt as if his life had just come to an end. He quickly leaned down and held his father.

"No!" He cried at the top of his voice. "Father, please what happened to you?" He was crying at the top of his voice. "Who did this to you?"

Meanwhile, Miguel was staring at Peter who was leaving when suddenly they both heard someone shouting. Miguel wondered what was going because there was no one else at the construction site. He was really hoping that everything was alright.

Taking a deep breath, Miguel rushed to the edge of the building to see what happened. He got scared when he saw Christian holding his father desperately. Miguel's heart started racing and tears built in his eyes. He couldn't believe what he was seeing and he was actually scared. His breaths came out harshly.

Christian held his father tightly and cried. He slowly moved his face up to see what had made his father fall. But when he looked up, he couldn't believe his eyes. Miguel was standing at the edge building where his father had just fallen. His eyes widened and his pain increased. He couldn't stop staring as the pain increased.

Meanwhile, Darren came running to the construction site only to find Christian crying like a little child. He had come to meet Christian when he had seen him running like a mad man. He had followed him behind only to find something bad had happened.

"Oh my God," Darren gasped as he ran towards Christian. "It's Pablo."

Darren didn't know what to do but he was scared and hurt for his friend. He quickly moved his eyes up and saw La don staring down. Everything pointed to him and he didn't need to be a genius to know that La don had killed the poor man.

"Father..." Christian cried as he took a glance up the building. His pain and anger intensified each time he saw Miguel looking down at them.

"No!" Miguel gasped as a billion tears came down his face.

He just couldn't understand what had happened to Pablo. He even had no idea that the poor man had been at the site. Miguel had never been so afraid in his life before. Seeing Christian in tears was really painful for him. He just wanted to hold him and comfort him but he was definitely afraid. His face was flooded with tears.

"Why?" Christian cried.

Darren knew what he had to do at that moment. He took out his phone and called the police to make a report of an accident and possible murder/

Carter's heart was pounding deep in his chest. He got hurt when he saw Christian crying like that. He had never seen him crying like that before. He slowly leaned down and cried softly. Then he wrapped his arms around crying, trying to comfort him and make him know that he was there for him. He took advantage of the situation and hugged him tightly.

Miguel quickly looked behind. "Peter!"

But Peter was gone and he knew that Peter was the only one that had been with him and hence he was the only one that saw that Miguel didn't do anything. He quickly started running down the stairs with his heart racing and his body feeling hot. He was scared and he was crying terribly. He just wanted to comfort his man.

Meanwhile, Brandon who had reached the ground long ago was hiding so that no one could see him. He was taking a peak and he had an evil grin on his face. He chuckled manically because his job had been done. He made a quick turn and fled from the scene.

Miguel came down the stairs and he just looked at Pablo's lifeless body and cried. He then looked at his man and his heart broke to pieces. He could tell Christian was in so much pain because he had never seen him look like that before.

He took a deep breath and started getting closer to Christian. He was really worried about him and he knew he needed him.

"Christian!" He said softly.

When Darren saw Miguel coming closer, he quickly went and stood in front of Miguel, stopping his tracks. He was looking at him like a criminal.

"You can't come any closer." Darren said harshly to Miguel.

"What?" Miguel exclaimed, shaking his head. "I didn't do anything. I didn't even know Pablo was at the construction site."

"Yeah, right..." Darren rolled his eyes.

Miguel turned his glance to Christian and cried softly. He was getting really scared and nervous. "I didn't do anything to your father." He said sincerely. He had never been so soft before. "You can't possibly think I did that, Christian." He said in a little louder voice. "I did not kill your father."

Christian hugged his father closer to him and just cried. Everything pointed to Miguel and he was doubtful about him. He couldn't even raise his face to stare into the eyes of the boy that he loved so much. It was just too painful and it felt like a big dream.

On the other hand, Carter was still holding Christian tighter for reasons best known to him. He moved his eyes and gave Miguel a really dirty look. He was sure Miguel had killed Pablo to get Christian all to himself.

"Christian!" Miguel sobbed softly. "Please, believe me. I didn't do anything to your father. You know what I told you, Christian."

"We all saw you looking when Pablo fell down." Darren said, clenching his fists. He hated seeing his friend in pain. "And do you what that makes you..." He paused and moved closer to him. "...it makes you a prime suspect in his death."

To say Miguel was surprised couldn't even begin to cover what he felt. He couldn't believe what the stupid man was telling him. His body felt both cold and hot at the same time. He couldn't stop crying and he couldn't believe the annoying man in front of him was blocking him from his lover. It was painful.

He took a glance at Christian and he couldn't believe Christian was doing that to him.

"Christian, please look at me." He pleaded. "I want you to look at me." He cried. "You can't possibly think that I would be capable of killing of your father. I was with one of my workers when it happened. Look for him. He couldn't have reached far. Ask him and he will tell you that it wasn't me."

Christian couldn't talk. He just cried. He raised his face and looked at Miguel spitefully. He was so much hurt but he wasn't convinced that Miguel did it and that was somehow good because he couldn't mistrust him again.

"Christian..."

"Keep quiet." Darren yelled, pointing angrily at him. "You keep quiet. Anything you say will be used against you in the..."

"Who are you, uh?" Miguel asked, slightly rubbing.

"My name is detective Darren and I want you to..."

"I don't care who you are." Miguel said harshly. "But I am not going to shut up because I am innocent. I didn't kill Pablo because I am not a murderer."

Christian was still holding his father, trying to calm himself down but his pain was just too much. Carter was also still holding Christian. Okay, shouldn't he have been holding Pablo?

Suddenly Ruth and Marcus came running to the site and when she saw her husband on the ground, her heart felt like it had just been pierced. She breathed in deeply and gave a deafening scream that filled the entire site. She started running to her husband as Marcus slowly walked there, breathing like a prey which had just been chased by a prey. He couldn't believe what he was seeing.

"Pablo!" Ruth cried at the top of her voice.

Christian heard his mother's voice and he quickly raised his face and saw her running there. He slowly let go of his father and got up. He held her and pulled her into his arms. She was crying, struggling to go to her husband but Christian had a powerful grip on her.

"Pablo..."

"No!" Christian held her tighter. "Please, I don't want you to see him like this, mother."

"Let me go." She cried uncontrollably as a billion tears poured down her face. "Your father needs me, Christian. He..."

"Mother, please..."

"No!" She cried at the top of her voice, holding on tightly to her son. "What has happened to your father?"

Christian held on to his mother and then looked at her. More tears flooded his face as he said, "Father is... he is..." He paused and cried. "...he is dead, mother."

Ruth gave a loud gasp as she cried uncontrollably, holding on tightly to her son. It was really painful and she couldn't believe it. Her soul felt as if it had just been broken into half. A part of her died there and she cried unlike before, looking at her dead husband on the ground. It was the most painful thing to watch. Both mother and son cried as they held on to each other.

*

Meanwhile, Brandon was driving his car away from the scene. He was really far and he knew that nothing was gonna point out to him. The only thing he knew was that he was scared. His heart was pounding deeper in his chest and his breaths were definitely harsh. He didn't know what he was gonna do. He was just thinking about Miguel and what he had done.

Brandon quickly took his phone and quickly dialed Alejandro's number. He put his phone on loud speaker and it was long before it started ringing.

"Hey, Brandon I was just..."

"There is no time for that." Brandon said abruptly. "I want you to call Miguel right now."

"Miguel!" The surprise in Alex's voice couldn't be masked. "What do you mean by that?"

"Miguel might be in some sort of trouble." He gasped, scaring Alex a little. "He went to the construction site to meet one of his workers and I think it's strange."

"Is that why you think he is in trouble?" Alex chuckled softly. "I think you are overreacting a little. There is nothing strange about Miguel meeting someone at the construction site."

"He went alone and he has no guards with him." Brandon was now regretting what he had done. What if Miguel was hurt or something? The people in that neighborhood hate him."

"Hmm," Alex gave a deep sigh, shaking his head. "I think you might right."

"It's urgent, please." He sounded really serious. "Call him."

"Okay."

Brandon cut the call and he continued driving. He might have done something terrible but now he was sure Miguel was gonna be with him.

***

Let's cool down a bit.

*

"Help me, please..." Hector groaned as a shot of pain passed through his body.

Hector was definitely going insane. The drug he had been given might have not have had effects anymore but what he was feeling was definitely scary. The burn on his arm was really painful. His entire system hurt and his head was buzzing. He was really in so much pain and he needed to get out of that place.

On the other hand, Miguel's most loyal dog, Mark was taking care of Hector just the way Miguel would have loved it to go. He was heating up some drugs which he needed to inject Hector with. The bastard that he was torturing was getting on his nerves and he wanted to waste him because he hated him so much.

Hector slowly raised his face and groaned. He knew he could get to the man he was with. He needed to get out of that place and deal with Miguel. That was the reason why he was gonna try to make the man understand him. He was still tied and he couldn't move.

"I can give you anything you want?" Hector said at the top of his voice. "You will have anything as long as you help me escape." He chuckled in his pain. "You can ask me anything, money, property, men or women, whatever it is." He said in his pain. 

"Why the hell would I do that?" Mark glanced angrily at him and continued with heating the drugs.

Hector coughed. "Miguel accuses me of being a dragon but he is even worse than the dragons." He said hoarsely. The dragons had raped and killed a total of 112 women.

Hearing what Hector had just said, Mark turned quickly and he just got confused. "The dragons?" He gasped.

Hearing Mark's surprised tone, Hector just laughed at the top of his voice. "So you don't even know why I am here?" He groaned. "Doesn't he tell you anything?" Hector was definitely killing the hysteria act. He was really being tortured mentally and physically.

Mark knew that information was gonna come in handy. "He didn't tell me..." He quickly turned and continued with his work. "...and I don't ask questions. I only do what I am told."

Mark finished what he was doing and took a syringe and put the drugs in. He moved to Hector and furiously injected him with the drugs.

Hector felt as if a sharp tool had been injected into his heart as a sharp pain shot through his entire body. He took a painful breath and screamed out in pain.

"Miguel is a murderer!" His voice filled the entire hacienda.

***

Back at the construction site, Ruth was crying over the loss of her husband. It was painful and she couldn't stop staring at her husband.

"Pablo!" She wailed. "Please, don't leave me alone."

Christian was mourning the loss of his father. He couldn't believe two of his big men were gone. It was really painful and his heart was weeping. He was crying unlike he had ever cried before. It was the most painful thing ever. Miguel was just looking helpless, staring at his man and Ruth.

Ruth was freaking out and holding Christian. All of a sudden, Carter rushed to them and hugged them tightly. That was his moment and he needed to show them that he loved them and he was gonna be there for them.

On the other hand, Marcus was just watching, staying away from everything. His heart was racing... his breaths were really harsh... he had tears in his eyes and he regretted everything. He was suffering in silence.

Deep down, Marcus knew that no matter who killed Pablo he was part of the web of lies whether willingly or unwillingly. He'd never felt so terrible in his life before. Pablo had loved him like a son when he was still with Christian and just a little lie had killed him. He was really regretting everything.

Suddenly the police arrived and they were about 6 of them in uniforms. Seeing them, Darren took a sigh and went to them. They asked him what had happened and he started narrating what he had seen, how he had seen Christian running to the site, how he had followed him and how Pablo had been found falling from the top of the building. He then went ahead and revealed something that got Miguel mad.

He looked at Miguel and rolled his eyes. "Miguel Powers..." he pointed at him. "...is the main suspect in this case."

When Ruth heard that, she just went crazy. She moved away from her son and gave Miguel a cold look as warm tears flooded her face.

"It was you!" She yelled, pointing painfully at Miguel. "Murderer!" She cried, feeling more pain filling her up. "You killed my husband."

Miguel couldn't understand why the people were accusing him. He felt helpless and he couldn't even talk. His heart was racing and more tears poured down his face. He was just looking at Ruth without even saying anything to her. He got a little hurt but he was fine.

Suddenly two policemen came to Miguel and started cuffing him. He looked at them and just shook his head without doing anything. He knew in that situation that no matter what he said, they were never gonna believe him.

"You all can't accuse me of something that I didn't do." Miguel said harshly. "I didn't kill Pablo."

"You threatened him." Ruth tried to move to Miguel but Carter and Christian gripped her and pulled her back. "You should stop pretending."

"You can't definitely say that because you were not there." He gave a gloomy sigh, looking at Christian. "You know I would never do this, Christian. You and I have come a long way and I promised you that I would never hurt anyone in your family. I can't bring any harm to you."

Christian dropped his eyes and looked away because he didn't want to look into Miguel's tear filled eyes. It was hurting him and he didn't want to look at Miguel because he might have just believed him.

When Darren heard what Miguel had just said, he quickly turned and looked at Christian. He couldn't believe Christian was in love with the boy that had just murdered his father.

"You can't possibly believe him because we all saw him when Pablo fell." He slightly raised his voice.

Ruth cried softly. "You have targeted my husband for a while because he was suing you." She yelled, trying to get away. "You threatened him and told him that you would kill him when he came to see at the office and now you have finally done it."

Christian held on tightly to his mother while Carter was also there crying and hugging Ruth, trying to comfort her. He took every chance he got to give Miguel a really dirty look and he was actually hoping it was gonna be over between him and his Christian.

Miguel was now handcuffed and the police had held his hands. He looked at Christian as more tears poured down his face. "You can't believe her, Christian."

"What do want?" Christian yelled, feeling a deep pain hit him. Carter somehow felt happy. "That I don't listen to my mother the way I refused to listen to my father?"

More tears of pain flooded Miguel's beautiful face. "You remember the promise I made you." He said in pain. "I can't do something like that, especially not to your family, Christian. You know I love you..." Miguel tears were speeding up and he had never experienced such heartache in his life before. "...tell me you believe me."

Christian was definitely hurt when he saw Miguel like that but not as hurt as Miguel. He just looked at his mother and held her tightly to give her comfort. She was crying a river and she didn't want to hear anything from Miguel.

"Stop your lies because... because you killed him." She cried. "He was against you and you finally killed him."

Christian held his mother tighter as Carter did the same. He was crying and Ruth as if his life depended on that scene. He was in pain and he hated Miguel for causing so much pain to Christian. He hated him so much. Ruth was crying so much that she felt like she was running out air. She started gasping, feeling as if she was about to pass out.

Seeing Ruth in a really bad state, Marcus ran to her and held her hand as tears poured down his face. Carter held her hand tightly and cried. Christian held her in his arms, rubbing on her shoulder. She couldn't believe her husband was already gone. She had seen him an hour ago. He wasn't sick... he wasn't even in the hospital and now he was gone. It was painful.

Meanwhile, Darren turned to the police that were holding Miguel and said, "Let's go."

Miguel looked at Christian as he was being dragged out of his own construction. The most painful thing was Christian remaining quiet and not saying anything to him. He remembered the way they had been happy... the way Christian had made love to him and all his promises. It hurt like hell.

It wasn't long before they came out of the site and they started taking him to the police car. He stopped and then gave Darren a really angry look. He rubbed his tears and got serious. He wasn't gonna be treated like a criminal.

"Why the hell did you stop?" Darren said harshly. "We are going to the police and you..."

"You cannot do this to me." Miguel yelled right in Darren's face, surprising him even more. "I am Miguel Powers."

"Look!" Darren said with a bitter chuckle. "I don't know how significant that name is in these parts of town but..." He chuckled bitterly, trying to show Miguel who was boss. "...you are gonna be treated like any other citizen. You should come with me to the police and make your statement. If they have no evidence we will release you."
