 Comments, critiques and tips are most definitely welcome.

Now it's time to dive into an epic story that has kept us all glued. We continue with Miguel's journey as he tries to fight the men that wronged him and find justice for himself, his parents and his uncle. Will he finally get his revenge and will his journey bring him true love in the end? Well. It's time to continue with the latest story in the all new Iron Rose.

Iron Rose, feel the passion.

***

RECAP

After finding out about Miguel in the video, Christian confronted him but of course, our Iron rose is always a step ahead of everyone. But the situation made Miguel confess his painful past to Christian and he thought their relationship was gonna get stronger but Miguel had found out that Christian didn't trust him and it had hurt him terribly. He had left Christian's house and we have no idea what is going to happen. Carter had saved Miguel, literally and he had gotten on his good side, not knowing that Christian is jealous of him.

Brandon had met with the third rapist but due to his love for Christian, he had failed to attend to it. Now Brandon has given Miguel an ultimatum. Will he choose his love for Christian or will he choose his revenge? Iron rose continues.

***

"What are you saying?" Miguel chuckled, shaking his head. "How can you even think of asking me something like that?"

"Of course," Brandon gave an angry sigh. "It wasn't good for you to leave me and the colonel hanging the previous night."

"Okay, Brandon..."

"The man was really pissed. You should have seen his face." He growled, clenching his fists. "You made me look like a fool in front of that idiot. I tried everything that I could to make him understand but he was way to mad to listen to anything that I was telling him. That fool embarrassed me in front of all the people in that restaurant."

When Brandon raised his face, he got the surprise of his life when he saw Miguel busy looking at his phone. He was pissed, mad at Miguel for doing that. Miguel was looking at his phone, trying to see if at all he was gonna reply to his call. 

"Miguel!" Brandon called his name loudly but still nothing. He was too engrossed in his phone. "Hey!" He snapped his finger, groaning angrily. He couldn't believe that.

Brandon called Miguel's name severally before he actually came back to reality and stared at him. Miguel looked at Brandon and gave a sigh of relief, putting the phone on the couch.

"What did you say to that monkey?"

Brandon was mad that Miguel was ignoring him. If not for one thing then he would have left that place a long time ago and if it was someone else he would have beaten the living daylight out of him but Miguel was really different and that was his luck.

"Enough to make him interested." He said with an evil grin.

"That's fine." Miguel said with a serious face. "I will go to him this very night and surprise him."

Hearing what Miguel had just said, an evil grin appeared on Brandon's face. "That's good. I bet that bastard will never know what hit him."

Brandon was really excited that their revenge plans were still on. He couldn't have been happier. The bastards needed to pay for their crimes.

It wasn't long before Alejandro arrived and they knew that they had to stop talking about his rape and his revenge. Alejandro might have been in on many things but he definitely had no idea about Miguel's past. The less people that knew the better and safer it was for Miguel and the smoother his plan was gonna run.

They just dropped the topic and continued talking about what they were gonna do with the position that was now left by Felix. They felt they needed to replace it with someone that would be useful to them.

***

"Oh my God!" Yvette gasped, looking at all the clothes that Carter had just shown her. They were just too beautiful and really expensive. "Are you telling me that Miguel Powers gave you all these clothes?"

"Yes!" Carter nodded, looking at his mother with a smile. "He gave me all these wonderful set of clothes. Aren't they beautiful?"

"They are beautiful but..."

"He is a really good man." Carter said with a smile. "He even told me that I could keep the money he had given me at the company."

"No!" Yvette sounded really worried. She was shocked that someone who had evicted poor people just to construct his building would be like that. It was impossible. "I know honey that you think this guy is really kind but I think that he only gave you these things because you saved him from those crooks. Don't be too attached to him because he might just hurt you. You know that he is La don right?"

"Yes!" Carter answered, trying to get what his mother was trying to tell him.

"You have heard how powerful he is and he is very young yet there are some rumors flying around that he deals with dangerous people. He can hurt you and I am scared of the relationship you are having with him." Yvette didn't want anything to happen to Carter and hence the reason she was scared.

"No!" Carter shook his head, rubbing on his mother's cheeks. "I think that Miguel is really so cool and kind. Those are just rumors and you said it yourself..." he chuckled, trying to make his mother feel better. "...he is very young and cannot hurt anyone. I am sure of it."

Carter was also sure about one thing and though he had forgotten about it, he was now sure about it and his pain came back. He felt really hurt and foolish but he tried to be calm. It had just hit him that Miguel hadn't been coming from his construction site, he had been coming from Christian's house and they had spent the night together. They had probably... He didn't even want to think about it but he felt really terrible. Had Miguel been coming from that construction site then he wouldn't have used that route.

Yvette could see that her son was thinking about something and it got her worried.

"Son..."

Carter looked at his mother and did his best to smile. "I am fine mother but Miguel is not that type of person." He might have been dating his Christian but he was really nice.

"But rich..."

"Not all rich men are evil, mother." Carter gave a sigh of relief. "Some of them like Miguel just likes helping out poor people like me. There is nothing wrong with that."

"Guess you are right?" Yvette sighed, remembering how generous her brother had been years ago. It brought her grief and sorrow but she couldn't cry in front of Carter. "He might just be good but don't get too attached to him. You might just get yourself into trouble."

Carter smiled brightly at his mother, holding her tightly. "I won't, mom." And not with what he had come to realize.

He couldn't just see Christian and Miguel together and be happy. It was gonna hurt him terribly. What was he gonna do about it?

***

"Okay, fine... you know exactly what we discussed." Miguel said to Alejandro. They had just finished discussing their plans. "Make sure the secretary knows that if he defies us then he can forget about my money and influence." His voice was full of warning. 

"I am more than happy to do that, Miguel." Alejandro gave an evil grin. "You shouldn't worry about it, alright?"

"Okay. You may leave now."

Alejandro got up from the couch and left Miguel and Brandon all alone. Miguel looked at Brandon and the man still had an evil grin on his face. Miguel knew what exactly was on Brandon's mind and he wasn't gonna ask.

"Anyway," Brandon yawned, getting up from the couch. "Now that he has left and before I leave, I would love to know if you are really going to see Alvarado or it was all just..."

"Are you doubting me?" Miguel raised his eyebrows, getting up from the couch. "I have already made up my mind and nothing is gonna change that." he chuckled manically. "But I want you to check his schedule and tell me when I can surprise the bastard."

Brandon grinned like an evil man that he was, shaking his head. He really loved Miguel's guts because he wasn't gonna change his mind. He trusted him to deal with the bastard and finally kill him.

Brandon promised Miguel he would call him and then left. Miguel remained in the room and just looked around, trying to think about his plans without Christian getting to him. He wanted everything to go smoothly without any problems and difficulties.

He took a deep sigh and just when he was about to leave, he checked his phone and found that there were about 54 missed calls all from Christian. He had started calling when they were discussing their plans and was still calling. He was really mad at Christian and he felt foolish. Christian had probably used him but maybe it was time to answer his call.

"Hello!" he said with seriousness in his voice.

"Hey!" Christian on the other end felt like he was able to breathe after many hours. "Miguel..."

"What?" Miguel said harshly, rolling his eyes.

"I want to see you, please." He begged, trying to control his breath. "Please, I have been calling you for..."

"I know you have been calling severally..." He groaned, gripping the phone harder. "...I saw your calls but I was very busy."

Now Christian was sure that something was definitely not right. After what he had gone through just to get Miguel to accept him, he screwed it all up for something stupid. He didn't want Miguel to be hurt or be mad at him for long.

"Please, Miguel..." Christian gulped. "...my love, I really need to see you. Where are you right now?"

Miguel was definitely pissed and he wanted to cut Christian's call but deep down something was burning, yearning for Christian. He couldn't do that to him because he truly loved him and didn't want to make him feel bad.

"I am home and..."

"I need to come there and see you."

"I am really busy and..."

"I just wanna see you."

"Okay." Miguel gave a sigh of relief. "You can come. I will give instructions at the door for them to let you inside."

"Fuck!" Christian felt lucky.

"I will be there soon. I love you, baby."

Miguel shook his head and cut the call. He didn't want to say anything to a man that didn't trust him, a man that had been investigating him. He just slipped the phone in his pocket and left the living room. He still had some things to prepare for his meeting with Hector idiot.

***

"Tania, I want you to cancel all my appointments today." Miguel ordered, coming down the stairs and looking sexy as always. "I won't be able to make it because I have more important things to do."

"That's no problem, sir." Tania chuckled on the other end. "I will do as you have asked but do you remember that you had scheduled an important meeting with..."

"Just cancel every program." He gave a sigh. "I don't want to do anything today."

"Okay, sir. So when should I reschedule your appointments."

"I will see and I will tell you."

When Miguel came down the stairs, he saw Christian rushing inside looking sexy and worried. He was putting on a black trouser, yellow shirt and green snickers. Seeing him, Miguel got really mad and resentful at the same time. He couldn't still believe Christian had done that to him after everything that they had shared.

"I will call you back later." He cut the call and put the phone on the table. Then he stood still and watched Christian as he came inside.

Christian on the other hand felt alive when he saw Miguel standing there looking really sexy. He just wanted to grab him and kiss him right in his house but he knew he still had to know some things and get if Miguel was still mad at him. But with that look on Miguel's face, he didn't even need to ask.

"Hey, baby..."

"What do you want?" He asked harshly, dropping his hands to his hips. "You insisted on coming here even though..."

"My love!" Christian sighed, holding his hand tightly. "Are you mad at me?" He was hoping not.

"Are you seriously asking me that?" Miguel rolled his eyes and made a quick turn. He started walking away from Christian. "You are supposed to know this, shouldn't you?"

"My love?" Christian gripped his arm and brought him closer to his face. "Look, I am really sorry. But why did you leave like that? You should have waited for me to wake up."

"Really?" Miguel shrugged, furiously releasing his arm from Christian's grip. He was in so much pain. "I am sure you know the answer to that question but since you are gonna play dumb I will point it out for you." He folded his arms on his chest confidently. "I saw the papers that you had in your house. I saw everything including how you had me investigated like a criminal."

Christian's heart started pounding and his breaths became a little harsh. He knew very well that Miguel was mad at him but honestly he didn't want anything to go wrong. He lost the smile on his face and just stared at the beautiful boy in front of him.

"I can't believe you did this to me, Christian." He snapped, shaking his head. He was trying to see if that was the same man that had promised him a lot. "I wonder why my word wasn't enough."

"Please." Christian got closer to Miguel trying to get his fears away. "I had just done the investigation on the Powers companies because of Antonio's disappearance. I had found out the truth so I wanted to dig even..."

"You can't be serious." Miguel snarled, shaking his head. "The Powers companies had made verbal agreements with Antonio and we weren't even jotted down anywhere but my word wasn't enough even after I had confessed to you about my past, my parents and even the man that I had made a vow to?"

"Miguel, please, I am sorry but I just thought that..."

"You thought what?" Miguel chuckled bitterly, pointing angrily at the man in front of him. "You are gonna give excuses now even when I now..."

"It's not what you think, my love..." He tried to get closer but Miguel took a few steps back.

"Don't freaking touch me, Christian." He warned, pointing at him. "I had given you everything even when I didn't want to, Christian." The words were hurting Christian but they hurt Miguel even more. His voice sounded hoarse. "I just expected your complete love and trust but even though I told you everything about me you still went ahead and..."

"Baby..."

"I said, don't touch me." Miguel yelled, raising his hands in the air. He looked at Christian and just shook his head. He wanted to cry and tell Christian what kind of fool he was but he really loved him so much but what was hurting him was Christian's mistrust.

"My love." Christian regretted ever doing the investigation. "I know that you are mad at me and I probably deserve it. It was a big mistake. I am sorry."

Hearing what Christian had just said, Miguel took a deep sigh and swallowed his pain. Then he got closer to him, looking deep into his beautiful eyes. He loved him so much but what he was causing him was nothing but pain. Then he chuckled and got even closer to him. Christian was sure Miguel was gonna forgive him but what he got surprised him so much.

"I can't believe that after us being together, you still doubt the love that I feel for you, Christian." He said in a sad tone.

"No!" he bit on his lips, getting lost in Miguel's eyes. They were telling him something really sweet and wonderful. "That's not the case, baby. Listen!"

Christian tried to kiss Miguel but got surprised when Miguel moved away from him and stood at a distance, looking really hurt.

"What are you..."

"Being together with all the doubts in your head isn't good for us." He couldn't recognize his voice.

"What do you mean by that?" Christian got closer to him.

Miguel slightly closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He had come to a great conclusion that wasn't only gonna hurt him but also make him focus.

"I want you out, Christian." He said confidently, trying to hide his pain. "I want you out of my house and out of my life."

Hearing what Miguel had just said, Christian burst into laughter, touching his chest. He knew Miguel was serious but Christian found it funny. He stopped laughing and moved closer to the hurt boy, staring at his beautiful inviting pink lips.

"You are right, Miguel." He nodded, still getting closer. "I will leave this house but the conversation is far from over."

With a smile, Christian grasped the back of Miguel's head and captured his lips. He started kissing him softly, sucking on his wonderful lips. Miguel's pain increased when he felt Christian's hot lips and his mind blowing breaths. It hurt a lot and he didn't care whether he liked it or not.

Miguel moved his hands forward and pushed Christian away from him. Then he looked confidently at the man in front of him and tried to control himself. 

Christian on the other hand, rubbed seductively on his lips, remembering the kiss he had just stolen from Miguel.

"I am going, baby but I will be back for you."

With a kiss in the air, Christian left. Miguel just watched as he left and felt so much pain. But he couldn't do anything but stand there and feel as if his world had just crushed on earth. He had tears in his eyes and he was really hoping the pain he was feeling was gonna go away.

Meanwhile, Brian who had been listening to what had been going on came inside and rubbed on Miguel's shoulders, trying to calm him down.

"I am so sorry, Miguel." He gave a sad sigh. "I couldn't help but hear what you two were talking about." Miguel turned and looked at him, feeling more tears accumulating in his eyes. "I am here for you, Miguel."

"Like always, together..." Miguel couldn't fight his tears off. They came and flooded his face even more. He was in pain but he knew he could cry and express himself in front of Brian. "We can't trust anyone else, especially not men."

Brian smiled at Miguel to make him feel better and then opened his arms widely. Miguel ran into Brian's arms and hugged him tightly. More tears poured down his face but he was just remembering everything that had happened between him and Christian. He still loved him and he knew that love wasn't gonna end but he couldn't love a man that didn't trust him. It was painful and he wished he had never gotten involved with Christian and maybe it wouldn't have hurt the way it was at that time.

Brian and Miguel hugged for a long time, just trying to make each other feel better. Then after what felt like eternity, Miguel pulled away from that hug and then rubbed his tears. He knew he had a lot of things to do than sob over a man's mistrust.

"Are you feeling okay, now?" Brian asked, smiling brightly at him. "Do you feel better?"

"I will be okay." He answered in an assuring voice. "Besides, I need to get ready. I have to be somewhere tonight."

"Okay."

Miguel patted on Brian's shoulder and went upstairs to make himself ready for his mission that night. Nothing was gonna ruin it for him.

***

Hector Alvarado was busy swimming in the huge pool inside. It was already evening and what he just wanted to do was just to relax and forget about his long day. He also wanted to perfect his swimming. The guy had been taking swimming lessons ever since he was young and now he wanted to be a professional at it too. It could also be used to impress guys that he wanted to lure in his bed.

Colonel Alvarado was a fat man but he loved his physique like that. It kinda turned on most of the boys that he met, especially his beautiful uniform. Fuck! If only he could find a sweet piece of ass that would satisfy him. He was only wearing a tight boxer brief that completely revealed his big bulge which was a monster when hard. Fuck! He was all alone and he wished he had someone that would have been his company.

Meanwhile as Alvarado was busy swimming, Miguel arrived with his serious face and went and stood at the edge of the pool looking right at the ugly idiot who didn't seem to notice him. He was fat and just disgusting but Miguel first wanted to see at least one of the marks that he had seen years back when they were raping him. He just stood there and waited for the guy to notice him.
