 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

Before going into writing, I would really like to thank you guys for your great love. I really love you. Welcome to the 13th chapter of this intriguing and hot story. I just hope you guys will catch the fire because this chapter is fire itself. Don't forget to comment and rate this chapter.

Enjoy...

***

Miguel had just arrived at his beautiful mansion. He was seated on the couch with legs crossed and his chin on his fist. He was thinking about the time he had just spent with Christian at the hospital. He had no freaking idea why he couldn't have just stayed with the guy instead of coming to that mansion only to think about him.

"I feel you are being truth." Miguel thought, remembering how worried he had been when Christian had been hurt. "You have brought some feelings to the surface, Christian." He sighed. "But the truth is that I can't give myself to you because..."

"Hey!" Miguel heard Brian's voice.

He got out of his thoughts and looked towards where he was. He was sitting on the couch near him and he had a big smile on his face. He was looking really lovely.

"I thought you went to see Christian at the hospital." Brian asked. "Why are you back so early?"

Miguel cleared his voice, smiling faintly. "Yeah! I came back early because he woke up. There was no need for me to be there anymore."

"What do you mean?" Brian frowned. "I thought you went there because you were worried about his health and..."

"He wasn't waking up" Miguel gave a deep sigh. "I went there because I wanted to check up on his health. But he woke up and I had no reason to be there anymore."

"Hmm," Brian couldn't understand Miguel anymore. The boy was really mysterious. A smile appeared on his face when he thought of something. "Could it be that..." He laughed out loud. "Oh! No!" He shook his head. "Could it be that he woke up because he felt your presence? Don't you think that's evidence enough that he loves you?"

"What?" Miguel gasped as his eyes widened. "Shut up!" He chuckled, throwing a cushion at Brian. "You are crazy. The man woke up because he wanted to. It doesn't change anything."

"You are really impossible to understand." He laughed, shaking his head. "I mean, why else would the guy wake up when he felt your presence? He is probably dying to see you again so I suggest..."

"I know what you are going to say." Miguel gave a sigh of relief. "And honestly, I am really tired to listen to one of your lectures. I think I need to rest and..."

"That's what you always say but this time you are not going anywhere." Brian got up from the couch and went to sit with Miguel. "I won't let you go until I hear all about..."

"Let me go." Miguel tried to move but Brian took his hand and made him sit down. Miguel frowned, looking at Brian in surprise. "What are you doing?"

"Getting the truth out of you." Brian teased, winking at Miguel.

Miguel couldn't have been more surprised. "What truth?" He shrugged. "I have nothing to say to you. Right now I really need to rest. I told you everything that had happened so leave me alone."

"Why do I feel as if you are not telling me everything?"

"Have I ever hidden anything from you?" He chuckled nervously. "I have told you everything about the guy so leave me alone."

"Okay." Brian chuckled, letting go of Miguel's hands. "I will let you go for now but I won't leave this issue hanging. It shall continue."

"Whatever!" Miguel got up, chuckling softly.

"Don't forget that." Brian announced as Miguel left the living room.

Miguel didn't say anything. He just laughed and went into the elevator. He felt he needed to rest and most importantly, he needed to talk to his parents and thank them.

*

Miguel was standing in front of the table with his parents' pictures spread all around the table with his uncle's and Angelo's pictures. He was looking right at them with tears in his eyes but he was at least happy. He wasn't hurt at all.

There were candles lit all around the room and the table. He was only putting on a beautiful white robe with nothing underneath. His hair was loose and he was somehow feeling at peace and really happy.

"You answered my prayers." He said with pain in his voice. "I asked for you to heal him and you did that. For that, I would like to sincerely say that I thank you. I know that you love me and wouldn't want to hurt me once more."

Miguel took a deep breath, taking a picture of Angelo. He brought it closer, rubbing his hands sweetly on it. He had been looking really lovely in that picture just like he used to be. He remembered how things had been that day and how happy he had been while taking the picture that day. Tears poured to his eyes as his pain slowly started coming back.

"I know that you have been guiding me since that day." He chuckled bitterly. "You are a part of me that has suffered a lot. I might have a new identity but nothing has changed. That's why I would like to thank you so much." He cleared his voice. "Thank you for saving him."

***

TWO DAYS AGO

*

"I have never felt this way for a man since that time." He cried, holding Angelo's picture in his hands. "I don't wanna feel like this but I also can't help it. I know I had promised to stay away from any man but this man is different and he is driving me insane.

I have never felt like this and I didn't want to. But I really can't help it." He cried as tears fell on Angelo's photo. "I think I might be falling in love with this guy. His energy is different. His fighting spirit is admirable... he is a good man and I think I really need him."

Miguel couldn't believe he had been saying that at that time but it had been what he had felt. So much had been going on at that time and the only thing that had been in his mind was Christian's safety and nothing else.

"I am really sorry." He cried softly. "But I really need him by my side. Guide me because I feel helpless. Help him out."

***

PRESENT DAY

*

"Thank you so much, Angelo." He smiled. "Thank you."

Miguel was really happy because what he had been asking for in that room had been coming to pass. He was thankful for that and he knew that the Angelo inside of him was gonna help him out with his mission.

Miguel put back the picture and went to take a shower. He didn't know if he was going to see Christian at the hospital.

***

Carter was seated on a chair, holding Christian's hand sweetly. He had tears and he was about to cry. He was looking right at Christian's face and was filled with nothing but pain and sadness. Holding Christian's hand felt as if he was connected to a cable of electricity. His entire body was shivering in both fear and pleasure. He couldn't understand himself at all.

He could very well remember that the doctor had told him that Christian had woken up. It was just too bad that he was asleep once again. How Carter wished he had been able to see him and look into his cute eyes. It was just too painful.

"This shouldn't have happened to you." Carter cried softly, kissing Christian's hand. "You are a very good man, Christian and you shouldn't have gotten hurt the way you did. The doctor told me you had woken up but... I feel really bad. I just wish you had been able to see me because..." He sobbed softly. "...because I really love you, Christian. I know we had just met but I love you and I know that you really love me too."

Carter was pretty much sure the man in Christian's description was him. There was no other explanation for it.

"I can still remember the first time we had met about almost two weeks ago." He chuckled softly, tracing Christian's hand. "I can still remember that time how you had looked at me. I knew from that time that you are the man that I want to spend the rest of my life with. I really love you, Christian and I can't wait for you to tell me that you love me too."

Carter looked at Christian and kissed his hand once again. He had a bandage around his head but he was still as handsome as ever. Carter smiled, chuckling softly when a crazy thought hit him like a hurricane. His hormones got out of control.

"I know you still haven't told me that you love but I know that already." He slowly got up from the chair and started moving closer to the bed. "I just hope you won't be mad at me for what I will do right now. I am not usually like this but I can't help it. I feel that you are the one for me."

Carter took a deep breath and then slowly started leaning down, towards Christian's lips. He could smell him when he got closer... he could feel his hot breath on his face and he could see his glowing handsome face. It just got him hungrier.

Carter stared at Christian's sweet hot lips and he licked his own lips. He closed his eyes and started moving a bit quickly. His heart was racing and his breaths were harsh. His body was trembling and he was really excited.

It wasn't long before his lips found their way on Christian's lips. Once his lips touched Christian's lips, his heart almost jumped out of his chest with excitement. His body trembled even more. He felt hot and cold at the same time. It was as if something had possessed him.

"Hmm," Carter moaned softly.

Carter kissed Christian's lips for a number of seconds before he finally let him go. The man hadn't been moving at all but what Carter had just experienced was the sweetest thing he'd ever tasted in his poor life.

A smile appeared on his face as he finally moved away from Christian's face but he couldn't stop staring at it. He just wanted more and more of those kisses but what he really wanted was for Christian to kiss him when he was finally awake. Carter was really happy and excited. He couldn't even think properly because a lot was in his mind.

"Thank you so much." He chuckled. "I feel alive now. I just wish it could have taken longer and it would gone even more. I am ready to give you everything, Christian. I love you so much."

Carter took Christian's hands once again and he sat back on the chair with a bright smile. He kissed on them like his life depended on it. He didn't want to leave Christian alone but a few minutes later, a nurse came inside and told him that the patient needed all the rest that he could.

Carter couldn't argue with that even though he didn't wanna leave. He kissed Christian's hands and told him that he would be back very soon. He was just going to the chapel to pray for his health and his wellbeing. Carter left the room and went to pray for the man he was one hundred percent sure was his Prince Charming.

***

Miguel arrived at his company looking sexy as usual. He was wearing a tight black designer's shirt which was half way buttoned up and then tucked in a beautiful brown designer's skinny trouser. He had red shoes on his feet and his hair was curled and let loose. He was looking sexy and seductive as usual, especially when his workers saw him.

He had two of his guards with him and one of them was Mark who was like his shadow. As soon as he arrived, he saw Carter looking all around the premises but that wasn't what was surprising. It was the way the workers were looking like. They had some sandwiches with them and they looked as if they were going crazy over them. It was obvious Carter had made those sandwiches.

"Um," Miguel took a quick glance at his guards. "Why don't you take the stuff to my office? I will be there in a minute."

"Yes!"

As the guards were leaving, Miguel starting heading towards the happy and confused looking Carter. He smiled softly and saw the happiness in Carter's face and his beautiful eyes. It was almost as if he was shocked.

"Sir!" Carter gasped, eyeing Miguel and admiring him. "Oh my God."

"Hey!" He chuckled, folding his arms on his chest. "How's business going?"

"It's fine." Carter said happily. "You have no idea how happy I am that the workers like my sandwiches. I know I will be making a lot of money. Thank you so much, Sir for letting me sell my stuff here. You have no idea what you had done for him."

"It's okay." Miguel smiled. "I was just surprised that I didn't see you the last three days. I thought you said that you were gonna report here about three days ago."

"Oh!" Carter gave a sigh of relief. "I am really sorry. I couldn't come because I was usually at the hospital, checking up on Christian. I felt he needed me to be there."

Hearing about Christian, Miguel lost the smile on his face. He remembered the guy's words the time he had gone there to visit him the previous day. The guy had begged him to stay but he just couldn't. But anyway...

"How is he?"

"I don't know." Carter gave a sigh of relief. "I haven't talked to him. The doctor had told him that he had woken up but I haven't talked to him. I am sure that he is gonna be fine." Then he smiled as usual. "But I thought you were gonna come to see him and..."

"I am a really busy person, Carter." He chuckled nervously. "I don't think time would have allowed me to visit him." He lied. "Anyway, I completely understand. I know you are a great friend and you are gonna take care of him and..."

"Excuse me, sir." Miguel heard Tania's voice right behind him.

He quickly turned and found her with a big smile on her face.

"What is it, Tania?" He asked, taking a deep sigh. "Can't you see that I am busy?"

"Yes!" She cleared her voice. "I am truly sorry but your lawyer is in the office waiting for you."

"In my office?" He gasped, chuckling bitterly. "What is he doing there?"

"He said he has something important he wanted to talk to you about." She smiled. "He has been waiting for almost an hour."

Hmm! Miguel knew what Brandon had come to see him for and honestly he got really excited and angry at the same time. His heart started racing and his body felt hot. He was now ready to listen to whatever news Brandon had for him.

"Okay." He looked at Carter. "I have to leave right now. But if you need to see me, Tania will show you my office."

That was like a golden ticket for Carter. He felt as if he had some connection with La don as the media called him. He felt lucky. He still couldn't believe he was actually working at his beautiful company. It was like a dream come true.

*

Miguel entered his office and he started walking elegantly to his desk. He saw Brandon seated on the chair and the man was looking really anxious. His body was visibly trembling. Miguel was just hoping the man had brought some good news for him.

"Brandon!" Miguel called with a sigh. "I just hope you have some good news for me because usually, I don't appreciate you barging into my office."

"Miguel!" Brandon quickly got up and looked at his beautiful face. He was looking sexy and seductive. Brandon instantly got turned on and he couldn't stop staring at that sexy body.

Seeing the way Brandon was looking at him, Miguel rolled his eyes and went to his table. He sat on the table and sighed.

"Are you gonna look at me whole day long or are you gonna tell me what the fuck you are doing here?"

"Miguel! I..."

"Never mind." He chuckled softly. "I want news on that idiot in your hands."

"Yes!" he cleared his voice, moving his mind from Miguel's body. "I tortured the bastard and he was able to tell me a name. His name is..."

"Hector Alvarado!" Miguel rolled his eyes. "You told me that but I told you that there might be a thousand Hector Alvarados in St Luis. How are we going to know the right one?"

"That's why you have me." Brandon chuckled, slipping his hand through his pocket.

He brought out a photo and then showed it to Miguel. There was a picture of about three men who he hadn't seen before. They were all in uniforms and that picture didn't look as if it was taken recently. Brandon pointed to a man on the picture who he told Miguel was Hector.

Seeing the young man, Miguel's heart started pounding. He was filled with so much rage and evil. He wanted to rip the man out of that picture. There was no sign for him to recognize him by but Miguel was still very much hurt. It was as if he was reliving that incident over and over again.

"That man is Hector." Brandon sounded mad. "He is one of those bastards that had abused you three years ago. I had looked him up on the internet and found some useful information about him."

Miguel's body was trembling. "What did you find out?"

"The bastard lived in Sumitria when he was eighteen until he joined the force." He roared, clenching his fists harder. "He is a really powerful man and his reputation has been impeccable since then. Apparently, he is a very dangerous man and I think..."

"He might be dangerous..." Miguel tore his eyes away painfully, clenching the photo as hard as he could. He couldn't mask the pain in his voice. "...but nothing is as dangerous as me. I will be able to handle this bastard without any fear."

"I know that." Brandon said as an evil grin appeared on his face.

"By the way, how do you know that he is the bastard?"

"The idiot in my custody pointed him out." He chuckled manically. "I tortured him so hard that he cried his name out and..."

Miguel groaned, getting up from the table. He threw the picture on the floor and slowly walked towards the window.

"I can't rely solely on Antonio's word." He chuckled bitterly. "It has no sense of credibility whatsoever. I need to see this Hector bastard on my own so you know what I want you to do."

"I will willingly do that." he sighed. "But the bastard is probably on a military mission somewhere and he cannot be reached anywhere."

"Hmm!" Miguel chuckled as an evil grin appeared on his face. "Let the bastard enjoy himself. After all, he will be coming back real soon. His days are numbered."

Miguel was just praying in his heart that the Hector guy was one of those men that had raped him. He was gonna deal with him so much.

"And the other one?" He asked.

"He can't reveal the name. He has refused to do that." He took a deep sigh. "He will only talk after he sees you. It's one of the reasons why I wanted to see you today."

"Hmm," Miguel rubbed seductively on his temple, chuckling softly. "So he really wants to see me?" He rolled his eyes. "Why did he refuse to tell you and..."

"I think it's better if you just come to see him." He sighed. "I have had it with his foolishness. I want him six feet underground."

"That will happen real soon." He said harshly. "Just don't do anything to him yet."

"Of course," He said with a smile, rubbing on his hands. "Are you coming with me to see him?"

Miguel looked at Brandon and smiled. He knew exactly what he had to do.

***

Carter arrived in Christian's room and to his surprise, Christian was seated on the bed, leaning on some pillows. He was looking all around but he was so sexy. Seeing him, Carter felt really happy and he ran to him happily.

"Christian!"

When Christian heard Carter's voice, he moved his eyes towards him and saw him rushing towards him. A smile appeared on his face.

"Hey there!" He said softly. "I was actually wondering what was going on with you."

Carter sat on the chair and looked at the handsome man, the man that his heart was beating for.

"I am actually happy to see you." Christian told the smiling man. 

"So am I?" Carter chirped. "You were asleep but now I am glad you are here. What had happened to you back there? I was really worried."

Christian went back to time and started remembering the romantic moment he had spent with Miguel and how he had almost made love to him. His hormones got out of hand and he started feeling really hot. There was just a lot in his mind.

"Hey!" Carter snapped his finger right in Christian's face, getting him out of his thoughts.

Christian chuckled. "Well! You don't have to worry about anything. What matters is that I am fine."

"That's good." Carter said as he took a deep breath. He remembered what had happened in the morning, how he had kissed Christian's sweet lips. His heart started racing and he got really nervous after that. "Can I ask you a question?"
