 Hello, friends. I would like to welcome you to this new journey of Miguel as "Wild flower" hits you once again. It's been really long and I apologize because my PC had a problem and couldn't do anything. But now I am officially back and I will be updating regularly.

Thank you so much for you rates because now "Destined Hearts, chapter 6" is now 5th on the top rated stories in the last 30 days. Thank you so much once again. I really hope you will love this brand new chapter as "Wild Flower" continues with Miguel surprising us.

Feel the passion...

*****

Miguel was seated on the couch in the living room, having his gorgeous morning coffee especially after what he had gone through the previous night. Everything had gone just fine... He had gotten rid of the idiot but he was feeling really awful. He was putting on a dark blue skinny jean with green shirt and of course, his chest was exposed for the entire world to see. He had deep blue designer's shoes on his feet and the stylists had done a good job with his red hair. He was looking really marvelous.

As he was having his delicious coffee, Brian came down stairs, yawning and stretching his arms. When he saw Miguel, he felt as if a part of his hair had just moved. He was scared, especially after the intense sex he had just had. He was worried if Miguel found out... well, he didn't even want to think about what he was gonna do.

"Good morning." He greeted, slowly walking towards Miguel.

Miguel took a glance at Brian, taking a sip of his coffee. "Well, it's a good thing you decided to show up. For a moment I thought I was the only one that was living in this house."

"What do you mean by that?" Brian stuttered, hoping Miguel wasn't suspecting him, again. 

"Well..." Miguel got his banging body up, folding his arms on his chest. "For starters, you have been spending less time here which is unusual and..." He paused, rubbing on his temple sexily. "...I really hope you are not up to something that will make me mad."

"What?" Brian cleared his throat. "What are you saying? I would never betray you if that's what you are implying. I love you Miguel and..."

"Says someone who has been accusing me recently." He chuckled, sitting back on the couch. "Anyway, you are not here when I need you the most so I don't expect you to understand me."

"Well... Miguel, if you are talking about yesterday..." He felt his heart almost beating in his neck. He swallowed hard as memories of him and Felix fucking came to him. "...I was at a friend's place and I lost track of time which is the reason why..."

"A friend?" Miguel wasn't a fool. Brian didn't have many friends, especially those that he would spend such times with. "Do I know this friend?"

"Err..."

"Anyway," he smiled, almost giving an evil grin. "You don't have to explain yourself since you are an adult and can do whatever the heck you want with your life."

Brian felt as if he was betraying Miguel by sleeping with his enemy. If he got to find out, things were not gonna be well. He took a deep breath, sat on the couch and made himself some coffee. He also felt as if he wanted to hide from Miguel because the boy could see through him, he thought?

What was he to do?

***

It was early morning and Christian was seated on his chair, filled with a lot of things in his mind. He didn't know what to do or what to think. On one hand was Miguel, the boy he loved with his entire being and on the other was his mother who was suffering. He really wanted to crack the mystery to his father's death but he didn't know how. At that moment, he was hurting deeply because he wanted to be with Miguel but at the same time hated him because of his involvement in his father's death. It was painful and he felt as if he was going crazy.

Suddenly, a knock was heard on the door and Christian sighed before he told the person to enter. It was Carter and he had a really brilliant smile, probably wanting to steal a kiss since he was now closer to Christian than before.

"Hey!" Carter greeted, slowly sitting close to Christian. "How are you doing? I was passing by with my friends and I decided to come and check up on you?"

"Me?" Christian chuckled bitterly, taking a deep breath. "I am trying to be fine while trying to figure out the one behind my father's death."

It's La don, Carter thought... Why wasn't Christian paying attention to everything that pointed out to Miguel? Fuck!

"You just have to take it easy." He reassured, slowly moving his hand with the intention of holding Christian's. "You will find the evidence and I am sure that whoever had killed Pablo will pay for it."

Hearing Carter's words, Christian smiled at him. "Thank you for always being here, Carter. You are a really good friend."

But the man needed more than friendship. Even one night with Christian was gonna be enough for him. He wanted to kiss him so much that his head was filled with lust.

"By the way," Carter cleared his throat, shaking his head. "When I was at the foundation today, Brandon came there and I smell trouble."

"Brandon!" Christian couldn't mask the surprise in his voice. "What did he want?"

"I don't know but I heard him talk about business with the foundation or something like that." Carter knew he had to say something. "But I think it's La don that had sent him there."

"Miguel!" Christian frowned. "Why do you think so?"

"Isn't it obvious?" He chuckled softly. "He wants to do business with the foundation because he is trying to make you think that he is a good man."

"Hmm," Christian didn't pay much attention to what Carter had just said. In fact, a thought had just hit. "I highly doubt that. I think Miguel is interested in Daniel."

Now Carter was confused. "Daniel?" He gasped, getting even more confused. "What does he want with Daniel?"

"Don't pay any mind to me." He gave a reassuring smile. "Excuse me."

Christian got up and went to take a shower, leaving Carter all alone with his thoughts of how he wanted Christian's lips all over his body. However, his thoughts were interrupted when Iris came over and started talking about the police guy that was interested in Carter. However, Carter shooed him off by telling him that the guy had wanted to kiss him but he had given him a hot slap and told him to stay away.

Now that he had a chance to try and get together with Christian, the hottest man he knew... why was he gonna let some stupid, corrupt policeman to date him. He wasn't gonna allow that. He was reserving it all for the hunk.

***

"I want this event to be big..." Miguel instructed the party planner that was standing in front of him, smiling like her life depended on it. "...it is a really important event and I don't want any mistakes to, do you understand?"

"Yes!" She nodded. "I assure you that I will do my best."

"I trust you." Miguel smiled brightly. "However, humble people will be attending this event. I want it to be very simple but elegant as well, okay?"

"Anything you want, don." She bowed.

"Okay." Miguel dismissed her and she left.

He started moving slowly with his hands wrapped around his arms, coming down the stairs. He was looking really beautiful but that didn't prevent the events of the previous night from slipping into his mind. He remembered how he had shot the stupid dragon and it made his heart to pound deep in his chest.

"God!" he gasped, holding out his chest. "I shouldn't be thinking about this. I need to forget."

He shook his head and quickly started coming down the stairs. He needed a drink but before he even had time to look at the wine dispenser, he passed at the window and something caught his attention. He stood still, his gaze out the window.

He saw Brian outside, talking on the phone and normally, he didn't care. But there was something about the way Brian was talking on the phone that made him really curious. It was as if... he was trying to hide something from him and whatever it was, he was gonna find out.

He continued to the door and was just in luck when he met with Mark, his most loyal dog.

"Mark, I am going to the office for something really important." He instructed. "But I want you to do something important for me."

"Yes," Mark bowed in his seriousness. "You know I am always ready to do anything for you."

"Well, I am not asking for much this time." He sighed. "I want you to follow my brother, Brian. I want every detail about him."

Mark frowned, wondering why Miguel had asked him that. "It's okay, don but why do want your brother spied on? Has he done anything wrong?"

"Not yet..." Miguel was hoping his fears weren't right. "...but I have a feeling he is hiding something from me. I want you to find out what that is. Follow him but don't make him see you and please, update me if you find anything valuable."

"Yes, don..." He bowed.

With those words, Miguel left for the office. He trusted that Mark was gonna bring him whatever he wanted.

*

Meanwhile, outside, Brian was still talking on the phone and he knew he had to be careful about it.

"You have no idea how scared I was." He sighed. "It was as if Miguel could see through me. I don't want him to..."

"And why are you afraid?" Felix asked angrily on the other end. "What we did was out of love and I have no regrets. Why? Did Miguel scare you?"

"No!" Brian shook his head. "It's just that I don't wanna disappoint him when he finds out that we had sex."

"But you are wrong, Brian." Felix chuckled. "We made love and I don't give a fuck about Miguel. You are a grown up and you can do whatever you want to do. Miguel had used me before. I won't allow him to do the same to you."

"But..."

"Brian, I love you and that won't ever change." Felix confirmed. "I want you close to me each day and I want you to come and live with me so that..."

"Are you crazy?" Brian almost yelled. "Do you want Miguel to..."

"Okay, why don't we just forget about Miguel and focus on us?" Felix suggested. "Come to my house where we can talk without any fear? I will be waiting for you."

Brian cut the call and then went to his car. When the driver offered to drive him, he just said that he wanted to be alone. He climbed into the car and drove off. Unfortunately for him, Mark was just right behind, being careful as not to be seen but the poor man had no idea he was being followed.

"Yes!"

"Don..." Mark cleared his voice. "...Brian just left without his chauffeur."

"Okay." Miguel sounded on the other end. "Continue following him. I want to know everything and when you get to where he is going, you should let me know so that I can surprise Brian."

"I will don."

Mark cut the call and continued pursuing the poor unsuspecting Brian who was dying to meet his lover and talk to him. He drove quickly and it didn't take him long to reach Felix's place. Unfortunately for him, he found Felix waiting for him outside the house and as soon as he got out, they both hugged and shared the most passionate and intense kissing.

Right at that moment, Mark caught them kissing and as loyal dog he was, he took pictures and drove off.

***

"I don't think I can do this anymore." Brian complained, rubbing his face. "I am really scared Felix. I don't think I can do this behind Miguel's back. It will be like betraying him."

"Betraying him?" Felix was confused. "What are you talking about? You know Miguel and I are no longer together. Besides, he was never in love with me. He just used me and now he's out to destroy me."

"Even at that..." Brian gasped. "I don't think I can do this. We've been through a lot together and he won't spare me if..."

"You don't owe him anything." Felix said harshly. He still hated Miguel and nothing was gonna neutralize that hatred. "Leave his house and come and live with me. My house could surely use someone like you. I need you." He cupped Brian's cheeks, trying to kiss him. "Please!"

But Brian pulled away and shook his head, staring into Felix's eyes. "I think it's about time Miguel found out about this."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes!" He sighed. "This is the right thing to do. We have to tell him right now and I hope he will understand me."

Hearing what Brian had just suggested, Felix took his lips and kissed him. He felt happy that Brian had finally decided to stand for what he felt.

"Sure. Let's go right now." He suggested. "Let's go and tell him so that we can live our lives without ever having to hide."

Brian was really nervous but he knew they had to do that. He wiped the sweat off his face and nodded. Felix took his car keys and they started leaving. As soon as they opened the door, they got the surprise of their life when they met Miguel just at the entrance .

Miguel on the other hand was fuming, mad because of what he had found out. His heart was on fire and he couldn't believe what he was seeing. He couldn't believe Brian had just betrayed him like that. It was really hard to believe.

"Mi... Miguel..." Brian gasped, trembling in fear.

Miguel gave Felix a cold look and moved past the two of them, letting himself inside the house. The two of them followed him and they looked busted.

"Miguel..."

"How could you?"

Miguel furiously thrust his hand forward with which he held the phone, Mark's phone. There was a picture of Felix and Brian kissing. When Brian saw that, he covered his mouth as a tear went down his cheeks.

Miguel on the other hand felt stupid, betrayed and really hurt. He hadn't expected Brian to do that to him.

"How could you betray me like this?" He yelled, furiously dropping his hand. "I trusted you Brian and this is how you repay me."

"I... I..." Brian felt a huge lump in his chest. His heart pounded so hard in his chest that he felt as if he was about to have a heart attack. "I am sorry, Miguel. But I am in love with Felix and..."

"In love?" Miguel yelled, feeling tears building in his eyes. "I wouldn't really mind if you fell in love with any other man but my ex..." he couldn't even finish his sentence. "...a man that declared war against me on national television? One of the men that I hate with all my might? How could you?"

"Miguel, I am sorry but I couldn't..."

"You couldn't what?" Miguel fumed, breathing like a beast. "Of all people that you chose to fall for... why did it have to be this imbecile?"

"What?" Felix yelled, getting closer to Brian. "How dare you Miguel... don't you dare insult me because..."

"What will you do?" Miguel chuckled bitterly. "You are nothing but a stupid man, a useless one for that matter."

"That's what you want to make people think." Felix argued. "But we both know the right answer, right. You framed me for murder and blackmailed me for it." He quickly turned and faced Brian. "Miguel killed a prostitute and pinned it on me. That's the reason why I made that statement on national Television."

Miguel rolled his eyes, ignoring what Felix had just said. But Brian was dumbfounded and just looked at him.

"Now I understand the reason why you were always arguing with me about him." He said as more tears built in his eyes. "All those nights you used to come home late, the private phone calls and defending him all the time. It was happening right under my nose."

"Tell me the truth," Brian said, rubbing his tears. "Is what Felix saying true?"

"What?" Miguel snapped, snapping his finger. "I won't let this be turned on me."

He moved his eyes to Felix who he wanted to murder right there. "All this idiot wants is to destroy me."

"Miguel you and I both know that..."

"If I were you, I would shut up." Miguel fumed, pointing angrily at Felix. "This is between me and Brian... You have already made me angry so don't make me do something terrible to you."

Felix knew better than to talk at that moment. Miguel was still powerful and only God knew the extent he would go to destroy him.

Now back to Brian. "I am gonna ask you just this once Brian and I need an answer." He demanded. "Who is it that you will side with?"

Brian remained silent at Miguel's question. On one hand was Miguel who had been with him through thick and thin and on the other was the man he had learned to love who was also Miguel's mortal enemy. He was really confused that his mouth trembled in fear. 

"Ha ha..." Miguel's pain slipped through him. Brian's silence told him whatever he wanted to hear. "...your silence says a lot of things Brian." He clenched his fists, breathing angrily. "I cannot deal with betrayal from my own... brother who I trusted so much. Henceforth, Brian..." He paused, getting even closer. "You are dead to me."

Hearing what Miguel had just said, a billion tears came rushing down Brian's cheeks. He covered his mouth as a he cried even more. He couldn't believe Miguel had just said that to him. He loved him so much and he was the only family he had.

"Miguel, please..." He pleaded, putting his hands together.

"I told you that betrayal is the only thing I won't forgive."

"I am sorry..." He sobbed uncontrollably.

"You knew you were the only person I trusted."

"What are you saying?" Felix intervened, angrier than ever. "You are a murderer who killed the prostitute..."

"Please, shut up..." Brian yelled at Felix, surprising him even more. "Stop accusing my brother if you can't prove anything. I know him and he cannot do what you are accusing him of."

He moved to Miguel and cried even more. "Miguel..."

"I want you out of my house." Miguel said in his pain. He couldn't trust Brian after what he had done. "I want you out of my life and everything. I will pretend that you died long ago."

"No!" Brian pleaded. "You can't do that to me, Miguel."

"I can do everything to you, Brian." He yelled in his face. "You betrayed me and I will assume I never knew anyone like you since that night."

He turned to Felix and gave him the angriest look he had shown anyone before. "If you thought ruining your reputation was the worst thing that I could do to you then you've got to think again. I can always do worse to you. I am not done with you, Felix."

"I am not scared of you." Felix warned, arguing with Miguel. "And what night are you talking about. What happened that night?"

"Please, shut the fuck up, Felix." Brian yelled. No matter what, he couldn't tell Felix about Miguel's past. 

Miguel chuckled bitterly. "What?" His face was now serious. "Are you also gonna tell him about that night?"

"No! I would never betray you like that." He turned to Felix and told him to stay out of their conversation. "Please, leave me and my brother to talk alone."

"For what?" Miguel shrugged. "I have nothing to talk to you about. And don't worry because I won't lay a finger on you because setting your eyes daily on Felix is punishment enough." He got closer to the crying Brian. "I don't ever want to see you again and I will have all your belongings sent to this address."

"Miguel..." Brian didn't want to separate from Miguel. He loved him too much. "...please, try to understand."

"There is a war, Brian." Miguel snapped, venting his anger on Brian. "And you have already chosen your side. I just hope you won't regret it soon."

With one final angry look at the two of them, Miguel stormed out of the house leaving Brian crying like a little baby. He wanted to go after Miguel but Felix held him tightly and hugged him. He was telling Felix to let go so that he could make his brother understand but Felix wasn't gonna let that happen.

When Miguel got back at the house, he started ordering the workers to remove everything that belonged to Brian. He didn't want to set his eyes on any of Brian's things because they were gonna remind him of betrayal.

Brian arrived at the house and was surprised that the guards wouldn't allow him inside. He started shouting for Miguel to come out so that they could talk. Miguel allowed him to come inside and an argument started. Miguel didn't want anything to do with Brian.
