 It's time for the story that kept us all glued. We continue with Miguel's journey as he tries to fight the men that wronged him and find justice for himself, his parents and his uncle. Will his fight for love and justice finally pay off as we draw closer to the finale of the first part? Find out as we continue this epic tale of Miguel Powers, a ruthless business man known as La don.

Iron Rose, feel the passion.

***

"I saw one of your thugs in the neighborhood and I don't know what you are up to but I want you to..."

"Oh! Mr. Pablo," Miguel chuckled with a great big smile. "I don't hire thugs."

"Okay," Pablo said angrily. "Let me rephrase that." He cleared his voice. "Why did you send one of the bodyguards in the neighborhood? Isn't it enough that you have already taken some of their land?"

Miguel was just standing there looking pretty and confident and he didn't even know how to answer the man who was clearly getting on his nerves. It was clear the man had brought trouble to his office and he didn't really appreciate it.

"What do you want from my family?" The man yelled in Miguel's face.

To say Miguel was surprised would definitely be an understatement. There was just a lot that he couldn't understand. The man was clearly a troublesome old man. But Miguel didn't want to embarrass him. After all, he was Christian's uncle.

"Would you like to sit down?" Miguel asked nicely, rubbing on his chin.

"Oh please!" The man rolled his eyes, pointing angrily at Miguel. "Stop playing nice with me because you can't fool me. I know what you are, La don."

"Ha ha..." Miguel laughed, shaking his head in mock. "Now I see where your son gets his mistrustful nature." He leaned on his desk, not losing the smile on his face. "He is just the same as you. Honestly, I have nothing against you so whatever you came here to do... you are probably mistaken and I will appreciate it if you could leave my office right now."

"I am not leaving this until I..."

"Look!" The man yelled, surprising Miguel even more. "Leave my son alone. I have worked hard for what I have today, including my son. Nothing has ever been handed over to me."

"That's surprising." Miguel raised his eyebrows. "Do you think I was handed over what I have?" he chuckled, dropping his hands to his hips. "I had worked my butt for everything. Just leave here... Mr. Palmer because I have nothing to say to you. Your son is a grown man and he can choose whatever he wants for himself. I don't even know what you are gonna get by coming here."

"A lot." Pablo didn't like his nephew dating Miguel at all. "I read about Felix's statement and though he recanted it, I am pretty sure you destroyed the man's life."

Miguel didn't know what to say or how the man knew about Felix and his relationship but he didn't care at all. All that he knew was that he didn't like the man and he was getting on his very last nerve.

"You are being imaginative." Miguel gave his seductive smile.

"I wish I was more imaginative." He laughed in mock. "I never could have imagined that my son would fall for someone like you." Then he his face got serious. "But even the devil masquerades as an angel to confuse innocent souls."

Hearing the man's confident words, Miguel stopped and looked at him with a serious face. He couldn't believe he was hearing that but he knew how to handle such men.

"If only you knew..." he smirked. "...your son is anything but an innocent soul."

Pablo got really mad that his face suddenly turned red from all the anger and rage he felt. His breaths were getting harsh and he clenched his fists.

"Leave Christian alone!" He thundered, giving Miguel an angry face. "Although he is a grown man, am still his uncle. I had raised that boy and I am like his father. I will not allow you to manipulate him. He is not alone."

"You are right." Miguel walked to the man. "He isn't alone because he has me." He pointed at himself, angering the man even more.

"Stop manipulating my son before you try to separate us." He warned. "I know how you are and I also know what you can do. You only know how to destroy relationships instead of maintaining them. I know you are only using my son to get the remaining land in the neighborhood."

Miguel chuckled, shaking his head. "I think you are the one that will be pushing your son away." He said with seriousness in his voice. "By coming here it looks like you are declaring war against me. Do you think your son is gonna appreciate that if he finds out."

"I don't care what you say." Pablo argued. "I am just protecting him from the likes of you."

"You mean someone that he loves and loves him back and..."

"I don't care what you say you feel for him." He panted. Noise was all over the office. "But if it is war that you want then I am more than ready to give it to you." He laughed sinisterly. "If protecting my family will mean destroying you, I am more than ready to do it."

"Destroy me?" Miguel laughed in mock, chirping softly. 

He couldn't believe he was actually hearing that from an old man that looked constipated. But he was gonna love him to try. Had it been someone else then it would have been a different story because didn't appreciate such behavior from anyone. 

"Why is it so hard to leave my family alone?" Pablo was getting dramatic. He was shouting so much that he was starting to sweat. "Leave us alone in peace." He stamped his foot on the floor, making a lot of noise. "Leave my son the fuck alone."

Okay, Miguel could see that the man was trying to get violent. He lost the smile and got serious.

"It's best if you calm down or I am gonna have to call security."

"I don't fucking care." He yelled, breathing like he was in a race. "You can call whomever you want but before that." He got closer to Miguel. "I want you to tell me what your thugs wanted in the neighborhood. Are you trying to kill someone?"

"I didn't send anyone in your neighborhood or whatever you call that place." Miguel snapped. "I don't have any control over what my employees do. My building is near the neighborhood so my employees are free to go anywhere they want. Besides, who are you to question what I do, uh? You came into my office and I tolerated it but I think you are overstepping your boundaries so I would like you to leave right now."

"What?" Pablo felt so angry that his entire body shook. His heart started pounding in his chest. His breaths became violent and he just lost control. He felt like beating the young boy in that room to a pulp. "Are you insulting me?"

"You can call it whatever you want." He said simply. "I don't care anymore. Now get out here before I call security to throw you out. Whatever relationship I have with your son is none of your business. I suggest you go to your house and talk to your son about this."

"What?" Pablo couldn't believe it.

He got so mad that he moved to the desk, knocking over some papers that were on the table. He was in rage and he didn't care what was gonna happen afterwards. All he knew was that he was mad. He kept on pushing some papers from the table as he approached Miguel.

Seeing what was going on, Miguel took a few steps behind, looking at the angry man. It seemed he wanted to get physical with Miguel. He was yelling throughout the entire room and by then Miguel was sure that people outside the office could hear the noise. 

Before he got closer to Miguel, Tania who heard the whole commotion came in with two guards and they looked really surprised.

"Sir, is everything alright?" Tania asked, looking at the man that looked mad.

"Yes!" Miguel furiously looked at panting Pablo. "I want this mad man out of my office and this company. Kick him out right now."

Then he looked at Pablo and got closer to him. "You know, I have actually done a lot for people even in the neighborhood because I actually never got their entire land." He thundered. "But of course, men are never satisfied. It's in your nature and you always have someone to blame. You always want to humiliate men like me at every chance you get."

Miguel looked at his guards. "Get him the hell out of here."

"You are never gonna get away with this." Pablo argued as the guards held his hands tightly, painfully. "Stay away from my son."

"Well, Mr. whatever..." Miguel chuckled bitterly. "...you definitely came to the wrong man because I will not tolerate your insults and your no sense. Maybe you came here for the money. You should have said so."

"How dare you?" The guards were dragging him towards the door but he was creating such a scene. "Do you think I want your dirty money? Stay away from my son you evil boy. I don't want you to destroy him."

"Get him out." Miguel ordered, pointing at his guards. "The next time that he comes here, don't even let him inside or all of you are gonna regret it."

The guards bowed and started dragging Pablo who was shouting and Miguel wasn't interested in any of the things he was saying. He just watched with an angry face as everything went on.

Suddenly the door opened, revealing Christian who came out of the blue. When Christian came inside with a smile, he was met by something that he didn't even expect. The smile on his face faded, replaced by a frown.

Christian was really surprised by what he saw. His heart started pounding and he got scared. The boy he loved was standing there looking at his uncle who was being held like a criminal by the guards. His eyes were wide open and his mouth was gaping. He just stood there, looking at his uncle who seemed really mad.

"What?" Christian ran to his uncle. "Let him go." He ordered the guards in that angry tone.

"Christian!" Miguel walked to him, staring at him in surprise.

"Uncle!" Christian couldn't have been surprised. "What are you doing here?"

But Pablo was so mad that he couldn't even speak. He was just looking at Miguel with an angry look. He hated him so much for everything that he had done. He couldn't believe he was the boy his nephew was going out with. He hated him so much.

"Let him go." Christian said to the guards angrily.

Miguel took a sigh and went to his guards. "It's fine. You can let him go. I will handle it."

The guards let go of Pablo and got out of the office together with Tania. 

"Is this the boy that is manipulating you?" Pablo furiously pointed at Miguel. "Christian, how could you be so stupid as to let this evil boy..."

"Hey, sir!" Miguel yelled. "I only allowed my guards to let go of you because of your son. Don't think that I can't call them back. Stop this drama of yours. You might be older than me but that doesn't mean I am gonna stand here and allow you to insult me, okay."

"Wow!" Pablo laughed bitterly, looking at Christian. "Just hear how he is insulting me, your own father. Are you gonna stand here and let him insult me. Isn't this good enough reason for you to leave this evil boy alone?"

Christian had never been so confused in his life before. He had come to the office to kiss and be with Miguel only to be met with the most difficult thing ever. First he had no idea what his uncle was doing at Miguel's office. He even had no idea how he had found out about his relationship with Miguel or why he had come to the office.

Then he also wanted to help his uncle but he couldn't just ignore the boy that he loved. It was really difficult and he just stood there and watched, looking like a statue.

"Please!" he pleaded with the both of them. "Why are the two of you fighting?" he looked at his uncle. "I don't even know what you are doing here."

"I came here to tell that evil boy to leave you alone."

"What?" Christian couldn't believe his ears. He was a little mad at his uncle for trying to ruin his relationship with Miguel, a relationship he had labored for.

"Yes!" Pablo yelled, furiously dropping his hands. The way he was breathing was really harsh. "But this stupid boy here was just threatening me. I am sure he wants me out of the way?"

"What the hell?" Miguel couldn't believe Pablo had just said that to Christian. "Are you accusing me of wanting to kill you?"

"Well! Am I lying?" Pablo yelled. "Aren't you capable of murder and..."

"Uncle!" Christian slightly raised his voice, holding his uncle tightly. "Please, let's get out of here. I think you are just tired."

"Didn't you hear what I had just said?" He yelled. "Are you gonna take that boy's side over your own father?"

"I didn't say that." Christian took a deep sigh. "Please, let's just go."

Pablo gave Miguel a really angry look, literally warning him to stay clear of Christian. He groaned and followed Christian outside the office. Miguel just stood there and boy was he mad. He had expected Christian to control his father or uncle or whatever relationship he had with him. He didn't care at all. All he wanted was that man out of his office.

Meanwhile, Christian managed to get his angry uncle out of the office and he felt like he was able to breathe again. He could tell that his uncle was really angry. But he was gonna make him feel better. He loved him so much.

"Uncle," He faced his uncle, shaking his head. "What was the need to come here? Did you have to cause trouble?"

"What?" He chuckled bitterly. "Do you expect me to sit down while that boy manipulates and uses you?"

"Okay." Christian raised his hands in the air as if he was surrendering. "Why don't wait for me at the reception? I will be with you in just a few minutes."

"And what are you gonna do in there?" Pablo said angrily.

"Uncle, please!" Christian didn't need to finish his sentence to tell his uncle what he wanted.

"Fine!"

Pablo furiously left and Christian went back to the office. He found Miguel exactly where he had left him and boy was he mad. Christian didn't even know where he was gonna start to tell Miguel how sorry he was. He loved him so much and he didn't want his uncle to worsen things.

"Let me guess..." Miguel chuckled angrily. "...you have come here to interrogate me even more."

"I haven't." Christian was getting closer to Miguel. "In fact, I even defended you when my uncle was telling me all those things. Look, I am really sorry about..."

"Christian, seriously I am tired of all this." Miguel sounded really angry. "What the hell did your uncle come here to do?" He chuckled bitterly. "He came here to warn me to stay away from you. What the fuck is wrong with him? I don't like that at all."

"My love..." Christian spoke softly. "...I told you that I..."

"You only did that because you think I am going to do it myself." His voice sounded really hoarse.

Christian came closer and quickly grabbed his hand. He pulled him closer, looking deep in those seductive blue eyes. His heart felt warm and desired Miguel. He loved him so much and didn't like him being mad.

"You like to provoke me, don't you?"

Miguel couldn't believe Christian was telling him that. "I don't know what you told your uncle but I don't like what he came here to do." He frowned, looking into Christian's eyes. "He thinks I am manipulating you and seducing you so that I can use you for my evil plans. Do you remember..."

"My love." Christian rubbed Miguel's waist, licking his lips. He wanted to kiss him so bad. "Please, I don't wanna talk about that. I don't even want to remember the past."

Miguel looked at Christian and he just got hurt. He loved Christian so much and he didn't like what he felt.

Miguel took a deep sigh, moving away from Christian. "I regret the day I met you little artist because of the way you mistrust me." He said confidently. 

"How do you expect me to think of you as a saint while you hang out with thugs?" Oops! That had totally come out wrong and Christian really didn't mean it.

Hearing what Christian had just said, Miguel's heart felt as if it had just exploded into flames. His breaths became intensely harsh... his body felt extremely cold... He froze and just looked at Christian... he was filled with so much anger that he couldn't control himself.

Out of rage, Miguel furiously raised his hand and furiously smacked Christian across the face, really hard.

Christian hadn't expected that slap from Miguel and he probably deserved that. It hurt like hell and his cheek felt as if it had just been set on fire. That was the first time he got a slap from Miguel and he deserved it all. He looked at Miguel and could very well see the anger in his beautiful eyes.

"Baby..."

"Don't..." Miguel warned, pointing his finger at him. "...if that's what you think of me then why don't you just leave me alone, Christian? I have been telling you..."

"My love, I didn't mean it. I swear." He pleaded. "Please, forgive..."

"Really?" Miguel had never been so angry at Christian before. "I hate you so much, Christian and..."

"No!" Christian gripped Miguel's waist and pulled him closer. He held him tightly without any intentions of letting him go. He was looking at his beautiful face, massaging his waist.

"Let me go." Miguel pulled away from him. He sounded really hurt. "If that's what you think of me then you are right." He chuckled bitterly. "I have fooled you all along. There is not a man alive that can make me change. Everything that I told you about love and my feelings are all lies!"

Christian couldn't accept that. He knew Miguel was just hurt and hence the reason why he was telling him all those things. He shook his head and still couldn't believe it. Miguel loved him and that was the truth.

"No! No!"

Christian went closer and grabbed Miguel, cupping his face. Without wasting any more time, he leaned down and planted his sweet lips on Miguel's. He started kissing him, sucking on his wonderful lips like his life depended on it.

Miguel was definitely surprised by that kiss. The moment he felt Christian's lips on his, he felt really weak and vulnerable. His heart caught a powerful flame that made his entire body vibrate. He wanted to push Christian away but he couldn't do it. He was really enjoying his kisses. With a loud moan, Miguel closed his eyes and enjoyed the kiss his man was giving to him.

"Ah..."

Christian's body was on fire with each passing second. He didn't want to let Miguel go. He grasped Miguel's head, bringing closer. Then he stuck out his tongue, brushing on Miguel's sweet lips.

When Miguel felt Christian's tongue, he parted his lips and allowed his tongue into his mouth. Their tongues met and a fiery passion made the two of them moan. Their tongues were at war but Miguel was so weak that Christian won. He started sucking on his tongue as the both of them moaned their brains out.

The sounds that tore from their mouths were turning Christian on. His cock was slowly rising in his pants. He wanted to make love to Miguel right in that office, showing him how much he loved him and how sorry he was for what he had just said to him.

After a few minutes of kissing, Christian tore his swollen lips from Miguel's. He was still holding him and looking in his very sexy eyes. They were both breathing heavily with passion.

"You can say whatever it is you want..." Christian panted. "...but you can never negate how we feel for each other."

With those few words, Christian took Miguel's lips once again and started kissing him slowly and passionately. He loved him so much and he didn't want anything to come between them. As he was kissing Miguel, Christian was losing his mind. Everything was slowly disappearing. It was just him and Miguel in his mind.

Miguel on the other hand continued kissing Christian until... he came back to his mind. He open his eyes and tore away from those sweet lips that he was yearning for. Then he pushed him away, looking at his handsome face and sweet lips.

"Let me go." He furiously pushed him. "Your father is waiting for you."

At that point, Christian was totally lost. The few kisses he had shared with Miguel had totally reset his brain.
