 Once again, we had dozed off. This time, I awoke with Williams cock still firm, and buried deep in my ass, unable to back out, due to his laying on top of me. But it was all good, I was comfortable and happy. AND, I had gotten rid of that pesky cherry, ha ha ha.

I lay there, William on my back, holding me down. Not that I wanted to get away, but I was enjoying his weight on top of me. How had I gotten to this point? I was married, happily, still wanted to be married, but I had willingly engaged in multiple homosexual acts, willingly. I wondered if William had given this any thought? 

I squeezed my ass muscles, feeling the thick cock invading my ass chute. There was no pain, no burning. Apparently, stretching my hole with dildos and fake penises worked. 

I don't know how long we laid there, until finally, I felt William stirring on top of me. As he awoke, I felt him move inside of me. As he became aware of where he was, and that he was inside of me, I felt him start to withdraw himself from me. It felt so nice. I hoped that he was going to push back inside, but, alas, he was too soft to re-enter me. 

I heard him whisper into my ear, "MMMMM. That was heavenly. Next time, it is your turn. I want to feel you in my ass."

He popped out of me, my ass felt so empty, and I knew that my hole was still gaping open, I could feel the cooler room air chilling my freshly opened sphincter. I hoped that I would close back up, without any damage. 

William rolled off of me. "WOW. I can't believe I went all my life without trying this with my wife or one of my girlfriends. I want to feel you inside of me. Do you think we can do that?"

"I would think so. I will go in you slow, see if you can take me without too much pain. I told you that I stretched myself, didn't expect this, but I'm glad we did it. I have fucked several women in the ass, including my wife, I know it hurt them, but they all allowed me back in, one of them even seemed to prefer my ass fucking her over fucking her vaginally. Just understand, while you are longer than me, I am thicker, and that's where the pain might come in, but...we'll get more lube, I'm sure you will enjoy it.

We were both slightly sweaty, but we arranged ourselves in bed, pulled up the covers, and went to sleep.

We both woke in the morning, earlier than the time we had our alarm set for. Sometime in the night, we had backed up to each other, and upon our awakening, found ourselves back to back, facing away from each other. I was partially erect. Turning toward William, the covers pulled off, and I couldn't help noticing that so was he. Turning toward each other, I reached down and took hold of Williams cock. 

It immediately began a fast rise to full hardness. "Somebodies ready to go." I said, stating the over-obvious.

"Mmmmmm."

I stroked him a few times, then asked if he was ready to shower.

Wordlessly, he rose, and walked toward the bathroom. He stopped just before entering, turned at looked at me, raising his eyebrows with a "what are you waiting for?" look.

I got up and followed him in. 

He had the water on, waiting for it to warm up. I walked up to him, putting my arm around his waist, pulling him against me.

As soon as the water warmed up, he stepped in, turning to offer his hand to help me into the shower.

The warm water felt nice. William immediately took me by the shoulders and turned my back to the spray. He reached for the bar of soap, and, lathering his hands, began washing my front. He worked my chest and stomach, then went down to gently wash my cock and balls. My flagging cock began to rise. Reaching under my balls between my legs, he washed me, lightly fingering my asshole.

"Careful, I don't want to waste anything, and not be able to try you tonight when we get back."

He closed his eyes, halting his ministrations, a slight smile forming on his lips. "Yes, you're right, I do want to feel you later. Turn around."

I turned, he began lathering my back, my shoulders, my ass cheeks, he stooped to wash my legs and thighs. I felt him part my ass cheeks, letting warm water wash away the soap that had accumulated there.

What surprised me next, was William holding my cheeks apart, leaning in, and running his tongue all around my rose bud. FUCK it felt nice. I put my hands against the shower walk, and leaned forward, relaxing my ass as I felt him probing my hole with his tongue.

Needless to say, I was hard again. Rock hard. "This isn't helping things, you know."

"Mmmmm" as he worked more insistently on my ass.

He stood up, lathered his cock with some soap, then I felt him pressing into me.

I relaxed, the head of his cock popped through my sphincter. The size of him going into me pinched a bit, but didn't hurt.

He eased his cock in me until I could feel his belly against my back. Holding my hips, he pulled back, not quite all the way out, before he slid back inside. He began the in and out motion designed to give him, and I, pleasure. I could feel him hitting my prostate, but he seemed to be angling his cock so as to not keep too much pressure on it. 

It wasn't too long before I heard and felt, the signs of his imminent ejaculation into my hole. Short, hard jabs announced his beginning to cum in side of me.

Finally, I loud moan from him, and a pleasant warmth spread through my bowels as his creamy cum filled my ass. 

"Sorry you didn't get a chance to cum, but I was extremely horny, I needed to get off, but I wanted you hot for my ass tonight, and wanted the benefit of all you had to offer."

He pulled his softening cock out of my ass. It felt nice. The water, still running down my back and ass, soothed my tingling hole. 

I reached down behind me, and felt his slippery cum running out of my once more stretched hole. 

The slick feeling I got when I played with my ass was erotic. I knew exactly what it was, what caused it, and how depraved it was to allow a cock in my ass, spewing its load into a place that should not be receiving it. But I loved it anyway.

We finished cleaning up, I shaved, dressed, and went to breakfast, all the while feeling Williams cum running out of my ass. I hoped my underwear would absorb enough so I didn't spot my suit pants. THAT might be embarrassing.

William and I made it through the day, lunched together, and attended our meetings. I spent the day dreaming about the sex we were going to enjoy tonight. After our last session, we left the building, going to the same restaurant as last night, ate dinner, had light conversation, not once mentioning sex, or what was to come. 

After our meal, we went to the pharmacy, William wandered around, while I picked up two things. A pink pump bottle of lotion, and a tube of aspercreme, just in case it was needed. I expected it would be.

Walking back to the hotel, went directly up to our room.

Entering our room, I was surprised when William spun around, pushed me back against the door, pulled my head down to him, and put his lips to mine, thrusting his tongue between my lips into my mouth.

I was caught unaware, not expecting the sudden attack, and responded by sucking on his tongue, stroking it with my tongue, and sucking it into my mouth, as if it were a slippery, wet, cock.

Williams's rock solid cock pushed into me, my cock was rapidly hardening and two of us were humping against each other, groping each other's ass, and French kissing.

After a short while, we simultaneously, began to strip each other. Clothes piled up on the floor, no time to hang them neatly. We were both breathing hard, our hearts beating wildly with lust. Chests bare, we continued rubbing against each other. 

William undid my belt, popped the hook on my pants, and as they started to drop, he pulled my pants and under pants to the floor, as he dropped to his knees, taking my hard cock into his mouth and throat.

I held his head, thrusting my cock into his mouth, face fucking him. He was way too good for this to continue. I wanted to cum in his asshole, not his mouth. At least for the first time.

I reached down, grabbed him under the armpits, and pulled him, reluctantly, up off my cock. A string of my cum stretched from my cock to his lips, until I pulled him far enough away that it broke.

I shoved him back on the bed. I reached over, undid his belt, then pulled his pants and shorts off, allowing his cock to stick straight up as he lay there. 

Looking into his eyes, I swooped down on him, swallowing his cock until my lips were pressed against the base of his cock. I sucked on him until I tasted the first of his precum. It was very difficult to pull off him. I really wanted his cum in my mouth, but we had other plans.

I crawled up on him, laying on top of him, our cocks dueling for space between our bellies. I began to kiss him again, but more of a sensuous kiss, as opposed to the hurried, rushed, exchange when we had first arrived at our room.

I moved my lips to his neck, kissing him softly, sucking as if I were going to give him a hickey. As much as I wanted to mark him as mine, I wasn't sure it would be wise, as we were both married, and someone was bound to notice. I managed to control myself, and after running my tongue lightly in and around his ear, I trailed kisses and light nibbles down his chest, stopping to suck both of his nipples. As I sucked on his nipples, he arched up toward me, clearly enjoying my ministrations.

As I fondled and caressed his hard, leaking cock, I kissed his stomach, his navel, until I reached the tuft of hair at the base of his cock. Pulling on the hairs playfully with my lips, I reached between his legs to play lightly with his asshole.

William spread his legs slightly, as I took is cock into my mouth. I popped my mouth off of his cock, closed his legs, and spun him onto his front side.

Moving quickly, I parted his ass cheeks, and put my mouth on his ass hole. The light sucking, and gentle probing of my tongue in his virgin hole seemed to have the desired effect, judging by the moaning from Williams lips, coupled with the pushing back of his butt against my mouth and tongue.

Holding his hips, I continued eating Williams's ass. After a short time, it became obvious the he was relaxing his sphincter, as I was able to fairly easily stick my tongue into his hole. I had eaten a few female asses, and enjoyed it, and was happy that I enjoyed eating William, also.

Thinking that he was ready, I retrieved my pink bottle of baby lotion, and using a finger, inserted some into Williams's wet ass. I used two fingers to put additional in, and wipe some on my rock hard cock. 

I asked William to hold his cheeks open as I moved on top of him, positioning my cock head against the slippery hole. Assuming a sort of pushup position, I began to press into William's ass.

William was moaning as he felt the thick slowly slide into his ass. He could feel the sphincter muscles tear, admitting the thick invader into his colon. A burning feeling accompanied the intrusion. 

I paused to see how William was making out. It was only a few seconds before I felt him raise his ass back toward me, causing me to go deeper inside. 

The full feeling, accompanied by the burning and tearing of his ass created an erotic, exciting sensation in his loins. The knowledge of how deviant and depraved this act was, turned out to be a huge turn on for William. He could feel his cock leaking his cum onto the bedding underneath him.

Finally all the way inside of William's formerly virgin asshole, I slowly began my in and out fucking of William. I reveled in the slippery, but tight hold his ass had on my cock. It felt like a warm, tight, silky hand stroking my cock. At this rate, it wouldn't be long before I filled his ass with my cum. The thought that I was fucking a newly opened ass hole, and a man's, no less, brought the cum to the tip of my cock.

With almost no warning, I pushed hard into William's formerly virgin hole, filling him with my warm seed. As I did, I put my mouth to the joint of his neck and shoulder, in a love bite, sucking gently on him.

The feeling of warm cum filling his ass, coupled with the sucking on his neck, brought a long, loud moan from William. He began a fast fucking of the cock he was impaled on, urging more sweet cum into his hole. The tip of the cock pressed against his prostate in a most delightful manner caused exquisite feelings in his lower body. Suddenly, he shot his load on the bedding beneath him. With a long, low moan, he relaxed, hard cock still deep in his hole.

We laid there together, still coupled with my cock buried to the root, in Williams's ass. Every so often, I could feel the wonderful contraction of his ass on my cock. Even though I'd cum, I remained pretty hard. I enjoyed feeling his warm back against my front side. I continued lazily nibbling on his neck and ears, until we rolled together onto our sides, spooning, my cock still stuck in his ass.

We fell asleep like this, two married men, locked in homosexual bliss.