 It was going to be an interesting night. I had started chatting with a guy online in a chat room. He invited me to his house to watch movies with his partner and him. I had tried few things with guys and was still curious to try more. Their house was nice, very stylish and well decorated. we talked for few minutes about things we had done and such, then sat down for a movie. The movie started slow, but heated up quick. It was about to guys initiating another into male-male sex. My hosts stared taking their clothes off and jerk off to the movie. I didn't want to be left out so did the same. Steve's, who invited me over, cock was huge, about 9" long and very wide. His partner, Tom, was about 6" long. Steve reached over and started stroking my cock, I did the same for him. this went on for a while with me in-between them, them swapping stroking me. Soon I was stroking them both! Tom leaned over and took my cock in his mouth. It felt great! I was so turned on I just sat there for a moment. I then leaned over and took Steve's cock in my mouth.

Having a cock in my mouth was wild. I had sucked only 2 other guys and they were not this big. I could feel my mouth stretch as I went down on it. It tasted little salty, but nice. The movie was no forgotten we were too busy! I sat up and told Tom to let me suck him some. Tom took his mouth off my cock and sat up. Steve started to Jerk me again as I lowered my mouth down on Tom. I took it slow and soon had his whole cock in my mouth. I was so turned on I didn't want to stop. Steve then told me to get up and move over by this mirror on the wall. It went from floor to ceiling and I could see my self kneeling there in front of the 2 cocks. I started sucking Steve 1st. Watching myself in the mirror as I did. Then it was Toms turn, then back to Steve, then back to Tom. I did this for a while stroking 1 while sucking the other. I don't know when it started but soon I had both their cocks in my mouth at the same time!! Wow watching myself do this in the mirror was crazy. They stood there kissing while I sucked them. 

Tom then moved over to a blanket on the floor. He laid down. I went over and stared to 69 with him. Steve was watching us for a while then asked me if I wanted to be fucked. I was so crazy with it all I said yes, please fuck my ass. I could felt his hands on my ass. He started to work lube into me with his fingers. Slowly getting me ready. I soon felt the pressure against my ass his cock head felt hard and too big. He entered me slowly working it in waiting for me to adjust to his cock. I couldn't believe I was getting fucked by this huge cock! When he hit bottom there was a stab of pain . I gave a little yelp and he backed out a little. It was hard to concentrate on Toms cock while Steve was fucking me. After a while Steve started to move harder and faster. I could feel his cock slam deep into me. Soon the pain when he hit bottom stopped., and I enjoyed the ride. Steve let out a moan and shot his cum into my ass. It was the 1st time feeling cum shooting into me, wow, what a feeling. 

I started to pay attention to Tom's cock more sucking and stroking it. I wanted his cum bad. Soon I could feel him tense and he let out a moan as he shot his cum into my mouth. I kept sucking wanting all his cum. It tasted wonderful. His was the 1st cum shot into my mouth and I knew I would want more. Soon after he got busy on me again and I shot hard into his mouth. He stood up and kissed Steve as I sat and watched. 

Steve then told me they need to get to sleep. I got dressed and he kind of hurried me to the door. As I drove home I knew I had just been used as a sex toy. Used hard and put away wet and sticky.