 I worked for a large, International Corporation. Well, international, only because we had an office in Toronto, Canada. Other than that, we covered the fifty states. I was an attorney in the legal department, based out of Philly.

Our CEO liked to hold a conference, every other year, so we could "bond" as a corporation, and get to know each other, as well as brainstorm new ideas, marketing strategies.

I wasn't terribly keen on the concept, I would have preferred to stay home with my wife and two young children, rather than spend a week on retreat.

This year, we were all off to Syracuse, for essentially a week, to do the corporate thing.

William was my counterpart, based out of Toronto. I had never met him, but we had talked considerably over the last 18 months that he'd been employed by our firm, as well as conversing via numerous texts and emails.

As we seemed to get along well, based on our conversations, texts, and emails, we agreed, William and I, that we would room together for the conference. We were all put up by the company bean counters in twos, so we decided that rather than ending up randomly paired with someone, we'd room together.

I drove the distance to Syracuse, instead of flying, I am not too crazy about commercial flying, being a private pilot myself, I recognize some of the movements of commercial craft that make you wonder..., and besides, for the short distance, with checking in early, TSF checks, it was almost faster to drive, plus, when I was there, I wouldn't be tethered to the hotel. Upon arrival, I parked out front, and went in to check in. Turns out, William was also just checking in.

We shook hands, having just met face to face for the first time, and I went to park my car and bring my bags up, while William went on ahead to out room.

Getting my bags out of the trunk, I made my way upstairs. I used the card key to enter our room, and immediately noticed two things. First, the room was nice. Second, William was changing his clothes, I opened the door and got a full frontal look at him. Now, guys can lie, or deny it, but we all look at each other's penis. It's true. 

I am definitely not into guys, but William seemed to be built pretty well, and he had a decent sized penis. 

I immediately averted my eyes, but William caught me. He had the courtesy to turn away, and not say anything. 

"Sorry" I said, then noticed the biggest problem.

Instead of two beds, there was only a single queen sized bed in the room.

William said "No problem, but you see the sleeping arrangements? I called the desk, they said they were sorry, but the place is booked full, they will let us know if another room opens up."

"Ohhh man. Okay, well, not that big a problem, we'll survive, I guess." I responded.

William finished dressing while I put my bags onto the other side of the bed. 

The conference didn't start until the next day, so we decided to hit the restaurant, have dinner, and get to know each other, as we'd only really ever discussed business in our phone calls and emails over the last year or so.

I turned my back on William as I stripped off the clothes I'd worn on the drive up. I turned slightly to grab a shirt to put on, out of the corner of my eye, I saw William, he looked like he was looking at my ass. His eyes were cast downward, the only thing there was my naked ass and legs.

Now, to be fair, William has a better body than I do, not that I'm into guys, but while he wasn't a muscle bound stud, it was obvious he worked out pretty regularly. Me, on the other hand, could best be described as not fat, but out of shape. I was straight, but it didn't bother me that William had checked out my ass. I mean, I checked his junk, right?

We went downstairs, had dinner, followed by drinks. Probably more than we should have. We didn't get drunk, but had enough to lower inhibitions, probably said more than was proper for business associates to say to each other.

We were both married, both had children. We were about the same age, with me being a couple years senior. Like many who attend conventions, it didn't take long before we were checking out the women in the bar. Probably many were attending our meetings, I did recognize a few, and pointed them out to William. Over in one corner, two guys were at a table, leaning in toward each other as if having an intimate conversation, smiling at each other, oblivious to everyone else around them.

William nodded towards them, "What do you think? Two queers over there?"

I turned my head, trying to not be too conspicuous, and noticed that one was definitely from our company, I never met him, but recognized him from previous meetings. "Could be, certainly something is going on with them. Doesn't look quite normal does it?" 

We carried on with our banter back and forth, until a short time later, the two guys in the corner got up, brushed by us on the way out. William turned to watch them go, as did I, we both noticed that as they walked out through the doorway into the hall, they both joined hands.

"Looks like someone got lucky." William snickered.

"Jealous?" I countered, "Wish it was you who hooked up with one of those guys?"

William suddenly looked embarrassed. "Na..N..No, not me, I ain't homosexual. I'm married" His cheeks were red. "Why? You into guys?" He shot back at me, probably trying to redden my cheeks a bit.

"No, not in a while" I answered, "I'm straight too." Not realizing my faux pas.

"Sooooo. You have played with guys?"

Realizing my slip, I responded, "Look, don't get weirded out or anything, but yes, I had a friend, we used to jerk each other off, once in a while. We never fucked, or kissed, but he moved away."

William came back with "So, if he hadn't moved away, something more would have happened? Did you guys ever suck each other?"

I couldn't believe we were having this conversation. Especially in a bar, where others could hear us.

Compounding my previous slips I said "No, just a quick kiss on each other's cocks, as a dare."

That pretty much ended discussion on that topic. I guess we both finally decided that was too private for further talk, we changed topics and moved on, continuing to check out the girls. I thought.

Around 10 P.M., we worked our way back to our room, wanting to be rested for tomorrow's meetings. It was going to be a long day.

Arriving back at our room, I turned on the television, probably more out of habit than anything else. A cop show was on, I sat on the edge of the bed to watch for a while.

William said he was going to shower, he went into the bathroom, I heard water running shortly thereafter.

I watched the cop show, forgetting William was even there, until I heard the bathroom door open, and he came into the room, covered by his bath towel. 

I thought it was a good idea to shower also, so we could get to our meetings on time in the morning without rushing around. I went into the bathroom, stripped and began my shower. Surprisingly, I had plenty of hot water, and relaxed under the warm spray. As I soaped myself, my cock got firm, I began to stroke it, then thought better of it, finished showering, and dried off. Brushing my teeth, combing my hair, I re-entered the bedroom. 

William was under the covers, a porn channel was on, instead of the cop show I'd been watching. 

He yanked his hand out from under the covers, his cheeks reddening. I noticed a tenting in the bedding.

Saying nothing, I went to my side of the bed, dropped my towel, and got under the covers nude, as this was the way I always slept, and, not realizing we were going to share a bed, and not just a room, I'd not brought any pajamas or sleepwear.

We both watched the porn for a short while, until I said I was going to try to sleep. William turned off the television, then the lights.

Sometime during the night, I woke up. Lying on my side in that moment of unawareness that people get when they wake in an unfamiliar setting, I tried to remember where I was, then I felt what had woke me. Something was lightly grazing my ass cheeks. 

Still not completely awake, I bolted wide awake, as I simultaneously realized where I was, and that what I felt was probably Williams cock rubbing against me as he slept.

I initially pulled away, only to find William trying to snuggle closer. It was then that he put his arms around me. I tried to gently remove his arm, which had the unintended consequence of him cuddling up against my back, his naked body pressed against mine, simultaneously allowing his rampant hard cock to slide into my ass crack, dangerously close to my ass hole.

My immediate reaction was to jerk my hips forward, pulling away from William. The reaction that I got from that maneuver resulted in his following me, still pressed against my backside, with him now thrusting gently, his cock sliding up and down my crack, the head of his cock grazing my hole, as he did.

It felt kinda good. WHAT?

Unsure what to do, I noticed that I was feeling wet in my ass crack. I reached behind myself, feeling my crack. As I did, Williams cock came into contact with my hand. A bolt of electricity shot through me, as I realized that I now held William's cock head in my hand, and, it felt like he was leaking a large amount of precum.

I pulled my hand away, and brought the palm of my hand to my face. Inhaling, I smelled the potent, sexy odor of his cum. I felt like such a slut. 

I licked my palm clean of his cum.

My cock, already hard, began to pulse with a stiffness I'd not felt in years. A warm flash of extreme horniness spread through my body. I was so fucking hot and horny, I thought I was going to go out of my mind. What was I to do? William was asleep, I was sure he didn't have any idea what he was doing, what it did to me. FUCK.

William had been asleep, up to the point that he felt his cock being caressed. Awakened from a sexy dream, he was somewhat disoriented as he felt a hand slowly masturbating him. He was hard. It felt good. 

But then he realized where he was, and who was stroking him.

He wanted to pull away, as he realized he was spooned up behind, not his wife, BUT ANOTHER GUY.

But it felt so good, and he had gone to bed horny, that he relaxed, and just decided to go with the flow, and see what developed.

I hadn't realized that William had woke up. I should have noticed the change in his breathing, but I was too engrossed with playing with his cock. I had reached back, and was stroking him, trying for another taste of his cum. 

Thinking with my small head, instead of my big head, I slowly turned over in his arms. Face to face, I looked at him, well, as much as I could in the darkness.

I slowly began sliding down his body, until his arm pulled away. 

I still stroked his cock. Held it. Felt the slipperiness at the tip. 

Finally, my face in front of his rock hard cock, the covers over my back, I moved so that my nose was almost touching the tip of his cock.

I inhaled. The delicious scent of his cum, leaking from his cock was like an aphrodisiac. I inhaled deeply.

I pulled back, opening my mouth wide. This was silly. This was dangerous, that which I was now contemplating. I was thinking of taking him into my mouth.

I had never sucked a cock. Well, back in school, kissing one in a boyish dare didn't count. What would William say? What would happen to my career if he told others about this? What about my wife and family?

I was so weak.

I descended upon him, inserting his cock into my mouth. I slowly closed my lips around the head of his cock, running my tongue gently and slowly around the head of his cock.

Tasting his delicious cum, direct from the source, I might have swooned. 

Without thinking, I sucked harder, trying to draw the sweet cream from his cock. 

I felt Williams hand on the back of my head.

I started to pull back, both from surprise, and embarrassment, but I felt pressure from his hand, pushing me back down on him.

"Don't stop. Please don't stop." He said.

Still somewhat unsure, I resumed sucking on him. I began a fucking motion with my head, each time taking him in a little deeper into my mouth.

His cock reached my throat. Afraid I was going to gag, I hesitated. 

William thrust, just a small amount, gently, urging me to continue. 

I pulled back, running my tongue around the head of his cock as I did so, getting it wet with my saliva, and slowly travelled back down the length of his cock, deeper and deeper, until my lips touched the base of his cock.

I paused relishing the fact that he was in my mouth, my throat. 

And I loved it.

I knew at that second, if he wished, I would do this for him anytime he wanted. This was HOT! I was on fire with the need to suck his cock, taste his cum, swallow all he had to offer me.

I again began fucking his cock with my mouth. Up and down, in and out, slowly, changing the pace of my in and out sucking, all the while swirling my tongue all around his cock. 

I moved one hand, and gently manipulated his balls, causing a whimpering sound from William, couple with a gentle thrusting of his hips. More precum leaked into my mouth.

I am not going to lie. I loved it, This, cock sucking, eating his cum.

I began to work harder at getting him to cum. I wanted my reward. A nice, big, warm, load in my mouth. The more, the merrier.

I could feel Williams's hands, both on the back of my head, holding me so I couldn't pull away.

As if.

I began to suck harder, tip to base, and back, repeating the motions, in an effort to draw his sweet, creamy goodness from his cock.

I WANTED HIS LOAD.

After a few more minutes, in which Willian began thrusting harder, more urgently, I heard him begin to moan. I knew he was close.

I was ready.

I felt his hands grab me harder, and thrust my face into his stomach. I felt the rise of his body as he pressed up against my face. He held me against him. Hard.

I was running out of air, when he pulled my head back slightly, and filled my mouth with his cum.

Still holding my head so that I couldn't pull away, the cum kept flowing from his cock. I swallowed once, twice, gulping it down in an effort to keep from choking on the sheer volume of cum pouring into my mouth. The third time his flow ceased, like turning off a faucet. 

I was happy that I could take his massive load without spilling or losing any. I loved the taste, the texture, the sheer nastiness of the act which I had just performed.

We stayed like that for a few moments, his hands on my head. His cock in my mouth. The wonderful flavor of his cum in my mouth.

Time to face the music. I pulled back so I could look at him.