 Calvin felt a little disappointed when he hung up the phone. He expected his wife Patricia to meet him sometime in the afternoon. But, of course, there just HAD to be a flight delay back in Pittsburgh. This vacation wouldn't have been complete without a few complications getting in the way of their own personal enjoyment. Calvin didn't let the situation damper his high spirits, however. Patricia did say that she might see him a few hours before midnight. So when he hung up and put his smartphone back in his pocket, Calvin left his hotel room and took the elevator.

One of the lounges had been located on the fifteenth floor of the five-star hotel. When he entered the area, he felt impressed by the urban style of the furniture, as well as the magnificent view of downtown Los Angeles. Calvin checked the time on his smartphone to see that it was only 3:18 PM. The thirty-year-old man took a seat in one of the empty recliners near the windows. He wore his black polo shirt and brown pants. He could have worn a suit, since he always enjoyed looking clean and elegant all the time, but it would have been meaningless when being on vacation.

He looked out the window to see the west side of Los Angles, a flat basin that highlighted some of the city's most diverse scenery. He spotted a business district on one side, the Hollywood hillside on another side, suburban homes in the faraway center, and a thick and congested highway right down below. He had travelled to this city a few times before, and he always had a soft spot for second largest metropolis in the nation. The weather, the laidback attitude, and the multicultural panorama on the streets were just some of the things that made him feel fortunate that he didn't view this city in a more negative light. Sure, it did have its flaws, including the notion that some of its inhabitants remained stuck in a "La La Land" mentality. Nevertheless, Calvin would rarely badmouth one of his favorite vacation spots. He and his wife had such good times here, and he couldn't wait to recapture the feeling when she left the airport and made her way to the hotel.

In the meantime, Calvin just sat back and gave himself time to unwind. He looked around in the lounge to see several people attending their own premeditated episode for repose. He spotted what looked like a husband and wife sharing a little laugh on a sofa. Just a few seconds of their silent banter reminded Calvin of how he and Patricia shouldn't have stayed so far apart at this time. They would have shared a drink at the bar, if only the flight delay didn't disrupt their personal schedule.

All of a sudden, Calvin noticed another guest sitting alone in one of the leather chairs. A brown-haired man, who looked to be the same age as Calvin if not just slightly younger, had his eyes on him. Calvin gave a little nod. The stranger gave a little smile. Something about him caught Calvin's attention. The brown-haired man appeared quite handsome. He wore a dark green dress shirt that matched with his brown pants. Judging by his overall appearance, he would have been a great catch for the conventional female type.

Calvin looked away and kept his attention on the panoramic view in front of him. He could hear the faint sounds of smooth jazz in the background. He didn't mind the music, though he did wish that they played something from Mozart or Tchaikovsky at the moment. He enjoyed the view of Los Angeles for a few more minutes. He could sense someone taking a seat in another recliner right next to his. He turned his head to the left to see the same brown-haired man from before.

"Good afternoon, sir."

It seemed like such a formal greeting.

Calvin nodded as he said, "Hi, there."

"Is this your first time in L.A.?"

Calvin wanted something other than to keep up with a brand new conversation. He went along with it, anyway. "This is my fourth time visiting."

"Are you alone?"

"My wife will join me at night. She's still back in Pittsburgh, because she still had to deal with a few things back at her office. I couldn't cancel our reservation, so I had to come here alone yesterday afternoon."

"That's too bad. I bet you wish she would be here sooner."

"If it weren't for that damn flight delay, I'd be seeing her again in a few hours."

"Just be happy that she'll be officially returning to L.A. to join you."

Calvin just nodded.

The man sitting next to him added, "I'm Eugene. It's nice to meet you."

Calvin shook the man's hand. "Yeah, it's nice to meet you, too."

They didn't stop there. Their brief introduction progressed toward a more friendly conversation that Calvin felt more comfortable partaking in. For the next few minutes, they spent their time discussing their hometowns: Pittsburgh and Boston. They also shared brief information regarding their current occupations. Calvin would talk about being a staff member for a thriving corporation for as long as he wanted.

But at the moment, something distracted him. He couldn't stop staring at Eugene. Not only was he transfixed with Eugene's composed and charismatic demeanor, but his soothing tone of voice belonged in a successful nature documentary. Calvin could listen to the other man's voice all day. It did help him forget about Patricia's troubles in the airport for at least a few moments. It even made him erase the possibility of looking at the view from out the window once more.

Eugene remarked, "You know, you and I have at least something in common."

Calvin asked, "And what's that?"

"Both of our wives aren't here?"

"Where is yours?"

"She's still back in Boston. I just had a business meeting at noon, and she's going to join me tonight when I'm all finished with my work."

Calvin chuckled. "So that means we're bound to waste our time in this hotel for the rest of the day."

Eugene's smile grew a little larger. He brushed away a few strands of his brown hair from his face. "It doesn't have to be that way. No one ever said that we shouldn't be having a little fun without our wives around."

"What do you suggest we do?"

Calvin suddenly realized how Eugene's smile reached the equivalent of an enticing woman's. It seemed too much of a flirtation from Calvin's perspective.

Eugene leaned over and whispered in Calvin's ear, "We should just create our own fun. Come over to my room and I'll show you how. I'm on the eighth floor, in Room 809."

Despite the soothing whisper in the ear, Calvin had to be honest. "I don't trust you just yet."

Eugene's peaceful chuckle didn't give off any hints of possible violence. "People are always able to pass the time."

He stood up and said, "If you're not interested, then I can understand."

"But what kind of fun are you talking about?"

"I can't explain it right now. You'll just have to see for yourself. It's been nice knowing you, Calvin. I hope to see you again as soon as possible."

And with that, he left Calvin alone in the lounge. Calvin watched him disappear into the main hallway. He looked back at the panoramic view of the City of Angels. Everything that happened outside didn't change, but Calvin's suspicion did. At first, Eugene seemed to be an ordinary gentleman. But as soon as he mentioned fun in his hotel room, Calvin couldn't help but distinguish a certain intrigue in the other man's proposal.

Calvin thought of numerous scenarios that matched with Eugene's verbal vibrancy. It could have been a card game, or a live broadcast of tonight's Dodgers game, or even a hiking trail in the San Gabriel Mountains. Calvin couldn't resist his own curiosity. He slowly tapped his fingers on the armrest. Eugene's temperament included a certain charisma that made Calvin overlook as many mental doubts as possible. He couldn't just sit around and leave these questions unanswered.

* * *

He left the lounge and took the elevator alone. When he reached the eighth floor, it didn't take long for him to find Eugene's room. He stood just a few feet in front of it. He was alone in the hallway. He couldn't even hear a slight echo. He stared at the front door and remained motionless. He tried to raise his hand to knock on it, but hesitation had returned for a few moments. He knew that he couldn't trust someone like Eugene when he had only met him for a few minutes in the lounge. He wished that Eugene didn't say anything about having fun in his hotel room. So now, the inquisitive state that he had to endure shattered his self-control. He couldn't reject the temptation that came from such a vague yet captivating offer.

Calvin took a deep breath. He raised his fist and knocked on the door three times. He waited several seconds. He wished that someone would make at least a faint noise in the hallway. It would at least produce a healthy balance when corresponding with intense silence.

The door opened. Eugene showed himself, and when his gaze locked on to Calvin's own, his enigmatic smile made a welcome return. He still had his green dress shirt on.

"Well, that didn't take very long."

Calvin shrugged his shoulders. "I'm here. So what's this fun time you've been talking about? Is it legal?"

Eugene chuckled. "I'm sure it is."

He opened the door all the way. "Come on in."

A thorough investigation took place with the use of Calvin's scrupulous eyesight. From behind Eugene, it looked like an ordinary hotel room. The bed, furniture, curtains, and flat screen TV looked polished and harmless. Like in Calvin's room, everything had been treated with the newest upgrades.

Eugene asked, "Is there a problem?"

To which Calvin replied, "I'm just making sure that I didn't make the wrong decision."

Eugene's smile would have given a clear indication of what was to come, but Calvin couldn't decipher it just yet.

Eugene proclaimed, "When the fun starts, you'll start to think that you made the right one."

"So is it a card game of some sort? I have to tell you that I'm not much of a gambler."

"It's not a card game, but I will say that you'll have to take a few risks if you want to play."

Eugene stepped out of the way. "Come in. You won't regret it."

Calvin had no other choice. He stepped inside. He could hear Eugene closing the door and locking it.

"This place looks empty."

When he turned around, he didn't expect Eugene to show his true colors. The brown-haired man walked right up to him and grabbed him by the shoulders. Calvin was stunned when Eugene gave him a kiss on the lips. The corporate businessman couldn't do anything. Eugene's quick actions astonished him so much that he didn't push Eugene away. The kiss was long and hard, just the way that Calvin's wife loved to do. Eugene wrapped his arms around him and never moved away from Calvin's lips.

Calvin had to breathe through his nostrils. He couldn't blink when he had another man so close to him and giving him something that men generally wouldn't do to complete strangers. Eugene seemed to enjoy it. He didn't stop, seeing as how his embrace remained tight and undisruptive. Calvin could feel strands of Eugene's hair touching his own forehead. He could also feel Eugene's embrace growing even tighter. Calvin would have hugged him back, but he couldn't touch anyone who made his move without warning.

When his lips finally moved away from Calvin's own, Eugene whispered, "This is what I meant."

Calvin tried to resist the shock that came from Eugene's hug and kiss. "Why?"

"Hey, I told you that I'm looking for fun."

Eugene reached down and grabbed something below Calvin's waist. Calvin narrowed his eyes. He would have never allowed another man to seize his concealed cock.

"Why are you doing that?"

Eugene showed off his trademark smile. "Because I'm tired of being bored."

Despite keeping his focus on Eugene kissing him again, Calvin could feel a firm grip on his own cock. Eugene caressed it in a swift motion. The pulsation became a good source of encouragement, seeing as how Calvin's hidden predator grew longer and harder. 

Eugene chuckled. "I just made a good catch."

He pushed Calvin down on the edge of the bed. Calvin sat on the mattress and watched Eugene fall to his knees and undo Calvin's belt.

Calvin tried to stop him by grabbing his hands. "Aren't you forgetting that you have a wife?"

Eugene sounded amused when he said, "She's not here."

He pushed Calvin's hands away and unzipped his pants. Calvin could just sit still and watched as Eugene pulled out what he had been searching for. He let out a loud and cheerful sigh. He grabbed hold of Calvin's enormous producer with both hands and gave it a light stroke with his mischievous fingers.

"I always like guys like you. You always have big ones. And I think I just found the biggest out yet. This'll be fun."

Calvin breathed through his nostrils. He couldn't decide if this had become a dream or a nightmare. "Are you sure you want to do that?"

"Oh, yes. I'm absolutely sure."

Eugene leaned down and kissed the shaft that he held on to. This was a familiar feeling to Calvin. His wife Patricia held the same standards when playing around with his dick. She would kiss it and lick it before consuming it without pity. Now that Eugene began to do the same thing, the experience changed. It dropped to a more negative stance. It never felt so awkward before, at least in Calvin's perspective.

Eugene's lips were tender and moist. It was the right way to kiss the cock. His soft touch would have made Calvin uneasy about his venture to a new territory. But it didn't. Eugene's lips and benevolent fingers reminded him of his wife's own brand of stimulation. He couldn't ignore the similarities. If he had the brainpower, he would have pretended that Eugene was Patricia standing on her knees and giving his cock a simple way to have fun. He didn't want to pretend, however. It would have been a terrible way to show some disrespect to his true loved one.

Eugene started to use his tongue to lick the cock all the way from top to bottom. Calvin had to gasp through his clenched teeth. No man would ever deny this delightful feeling. He looked down to see the tongue swirling all around his bulbous tip. This playful motion made him stay seated on the bed. Logic would have propelled him out the door and back into his hotel room. But Eugene did something unexpected. He made Calvin stay and watch as Eugene did all the work.

"That right, Calvin. This is how we do it."

It didn't take long for Calvin to see when Eugene would make his next move. He did it immediately. Eugene lowered his head down and had his mouth filled with the top half of Calvin's cock. It was too long for him to consume the entire thing, though Calvin wished he did. Eugene moved his head up and down as he took advantage of the long and hard prick in front of him. He kept a slow and steady rhythm, stable enough to keep Calvin stuck in suspense.

"Eugene...I can't believe this is happening."

Eugene didn't say anything, either because he couldn't speak or he just didn't care. He continued to entice the cock with his wet little mouth while keeping his fingers on its rough surface.

Eugene's warm saliva and rapid tongue almost made Calvin shiver. "I should say this...but you're really good."

He could hear Eugene moan lightly as his head and tongue gained a smooth acceleration. Calvin had to grab hold of the blanket below him. He could feel a familiar feeling arising inside him. He could detect the very same spots on his hips when anticipating a certain eruption that was about to take place.

He closed his eyes for a moment. "I can feel it. If you don't stop, I'm gonna let it all go inside of you. Do you want that?"

Eugene gave an indirect response by not ceasing his overall operation on Calvin's massive erection. His mouth grew more aggressive. His fingers held the cock tighter than before. His determination never departed from his main objectives. This would be quite the accomplishment for Eugene if he made someone like Calvin lose control of his common sense and let his newfound temptation take over.

"Yes, Eugene! Do it. Let me spill it all inside of you."

The tingling sensation from within Calvin's body reached its limit. He could feel his juices rushing out of him and finding a new home in Eugene's mouth. Calvin almost gasped. He looked down to see Eugene undeterred by the relocation from the balls to the tongue. The cock was still deep inside his mouth. The experience must have been extravagant for him, seeing as how it didn't look like he wanted to spit it all out. When Calvin finished with his long-awaited discharge, Eugene finally pulled the cock right out of his mouth. Calvin noticed that only a few drops of his own thick cum settled on the shaft. And surprisingly, none of it landed on Eugene's green dress shirt.

He wiped off a little residue from his lips with his hand. "I always love it when it's warm."

Calvin didn't know what else to say except for, "You swallowed all of it?"

Eugene chuckled. "It's almost like a tradition for me."

Calvin's cock still leaked a few drops of his remaining export. Eugene leaned down and licked it right off of the skin. None of it managed to land on Calvin's pants.

A look of satisfaction emerged from Eugene's eyes. "Aren't you glad you met someone like me?"

Calvin quickly zipped up his pants. "I think it's time for me to leave."

"You can come by at any time before your wife makes it to the airport."

"I don't think I'll be coming back here."

Eugene pushed away strands of his brown hair away from his forehead. "Oh, there's always a time to kill the boredom."

"And you just gave me a good reason to get the hell out of here."

* * *

Calvin left the room with no other dialogue to give. He took the elevator and returned to his own hotel room. He locked the door and inspected his pants in the bathroom. He looked to see that not a single stain had been imprinted on the fabric. Further examination led to an evaluation of his hidden weapon. Some of Eugene's saliva had already dried up, but Calvin did not spot any remainders of his juices on the skin.

He washed his hands and lay on his bed. After what he had experienced, he couldn't wait to see Patricia again. She should have been the one who swallowed his cum, and not by some male stranger whose dirty little secret had been revealed. Calvin closed his eyes, but he couldn't take a nap. His mind had nothing but memories of Eugene's dirty deed. He remembered everything that transpired behind closed doors, from the kiss to the ejaculation.

Eugene's determination to arouse Calvin in a very natural way was a strange one. The oral specialist would have kept quiet about his secret pastime. But he chose Calvin for a reason. He did say that he admired men who pleased their wives in the best way possible. According to him, size equaled ecstasy. Choosing Calvin out of every other man in this five-star hotel seemed to have denoted the status of Calvin's aptitude from down below. He hated to admit it, but he felt that Eugene made a good point about it.

He sat up from his bed. Now he couldn't stop thinking about what Eugene had done to him. It felt quite satisfying, even if his standard moral code had forbid any mischievous dealings with another man. He pulled out his smartphone from his pocket and checked the time. He still had several more hours before Patricia's plane would make its landing in Los Angeles. He sighed. Knowing full well that he had nothing to do at this time, he tried to think of various locations where he would spend his time alone.

But every time he thought of a certain destination in or around the city, his mind had been led back to Eugene and his purpose. It was almost as if Calvin needed something special to pass the time. He groaned in annoyance. He got up from his bed and left his room. He would have to do a little improvisation when on the streets. He didn't want to stay in the hotel with a man who kept something dirty from his own wife. He didn't care if he found an electronics store or a movie theater or even the city library. If he had the opportunity to forget about Eugene, then he would take it.
