 In the semi darkness of the room, I really couldn't see Williams face. Maybe that was a good thing. I mean, I just sucked off another guy, without asking, while he was asleep. Or I started while he was asleep. 

He said nothing, but after a few moments, his hands slid away from my head. With the taste of his cum still in my mouth, I pulled away, rose a bit, and rolled over onto my back. I pulled the covers up on me. "William, I...ummmm..."

"We'll talk later, OK?" he said.

Well, at least he didn't beat me or attack me. I rolled over onto my side, facing away from him, still very conscious of the fact that my bare naked ass was facing him, my cock stuck straight out in front of me, still hard and dripping pre-cum, and I was licking my lips clean of the remaining traces of his cum on my lips.

I managed to fall asleep, still wrestling in my mind with what I had just done.

I awoke in the morning, to the sounds of William showering. I could very faintly smell cum, probably a little that was left on my upper lips from last night. 

I laid there in bed, still naked, listening to the sounds from the bathroom. How was I going to handle this? What kind of reaction was I going to get from William? I heard the water turn off, then more water sounds, maybe the sink?

After maybe 7 or 8 minutes, the bathroom door opened. I looked toward the door as William entered the sleeping area, towel around his waist. I watched him going through his suitcase, pulling out clothing. 

He said nothing.

Well, I might as well shower, then we can talk. I got out of bed, grabbed my towel, and went in to shower. The warm water felt good, washing the sweat from last night's activity off me. Lathering myself up, my erection began to return. I stroked it a few strokes, then stopped. I was horny, but for some reason, I didn't feel like jerking off. 

I finished my shower, shaved, brushed my teeth, and exited the bathroom.

Entering the sleeping area, I saw I was alone. William was gone. His suitcase and clothes were still here, but he was gone. This didn't look good.

I had fucked up majorly. We had been good acquaintances, but in the middle of the night, thinking with my little head, I'd fucked up.

I hope he didn't make too much of a scene. I hoped I wouldn't lose my job. I hoped I wouldn't ruin my marriage.

After I finished dressing, I grabbed my papers and went down to grab something to eat. The company had provided pastries, bagels, etc., for breakfast, along with juices, tea and coffee. 

I took some tea, grabbed a pastry, and looked for William. Hmm. Nowhere in sight, alright, I saw some others that I knew from previous years meetings and sat with them, idle chit chat, the usual, until it was time for the meetings to begin.

Things were set up so we rotated every couple of hours between presentations, geared to our particular areas of expertise, and, to a lesser degree, our interests. I walked into the first room, and did not see William. I sat down, and the presentation began shortly.

After we were done, there was a break for more pastries, and coffee, tea, whatever, before the next session. I looked around, but didn't see William. As I finished getting my tea, I saw William enter the room. He saw me, and looked away quickly. I sat down at a small table by myself, keeping half an eye on William. He finished looked around, and went and sat at a table with a man and woman sitting there, and began talking with the,

The next session was ready to begin, and I noted that William had already entered, and was sitting between two other people. I sat a few rows behind him, over his left shoulder. 

As the session ran its course, listening to the presenter drone on about whatever it was he was talking about, (good thing we weren't going to be tested later) I was watching William. I'd not really looked that much at him, but I noticed now that he was a fairly good looking guy, not that I was into guys, as such, and that he possessed what we used to refer on girls, back when I was in High School, as "cocksucker lips", you know, nice thick lips that we thought would feel great wrapped around our cocks.

I couldn't tell you much about the presentation, I was too busy running different scenarios through my mind about what we were going to say to each other, how much trouble I was in, (I was fucked) what was going to happen. 

Oh yeah, and I had half a hard on, thinking about last night. What had I done to myself?

As the presentation wrapped up, I maneuvered my way toward William. As I closed in next to him, I asked "William? Can we eat together?"

He turned, "Yeah sure, I guess so, not a problem."

We walked, like a bunch of sheep, towards the restaurant for lunch.

It was nice spread they put out for us, we ended up sitting at a table with six others, the talk was mostly about the mornings presentations, blah, blah, blah. We didn't have a chance to discuss anything that went on last night, but at least William seemed normal, or as normal as I'd known him to be.

The rest of the afternoon went as expected, until dinner time. I asked William if I could take him to dinner, instead of eating the company provided meal, just to discuss things.

He looked a little uncertain, but then said "Yeah, I guess we'd better talk"

Our conference center was in an area filled with bars and restaurants, so we walked until we found a venue that suited us both. We went in, and were seated at a booth in the back. The waiter appeared, and we both ordered something to drink, iced tea for me, a Manhattan for William. 

We didn't speak until our drinks were delivered, we both ordered steaks, and the waiter left us.

"Look, William," I began, "About last night. I was out of line, I know it. If you'd like, I'd be happy to find another room, or another hotel to stay in. I'm sorry about what happened."

He looked at me. "How can you say that, sorry about what happened? You were wide awake when you touched me, sucked me. I didn't know you liked guys, or I probably would've switched rooms' last night, I am not homosexual."

"Calm down, I know. I'm not queer either. It was just something that happened. I woke up, you were spooned against me, and your erection was rubbing my ass. I got hard, horny, I wasn't thinking about what I was doing, I just acted. I'm sorry"

"You can keep saying you're sorry, but nothing changes. We had homosexual sex. You sucked my cock. Swallowed my cum."

He looked somewhat distressed, but yet, there was something...

"I will go back to my room, pack, and leave you, find another hotel to stay in. We'll just finish our meal, OK?"

"Oh..let me try to figure things out OK? We'll eat dinner, something will pop up."

We chatted about different things, the job, our families, totally avoiding the sex thing. I got the impression that he was confused or hesitant about something, but couldn't quite put my finger on it.

After dinner, on the way back to the hotel, William stopped on the sidewalk, looked at me, and said "Tell me honestly...are you queer or not?"

Looking him right in the eyes, I replied "Absolutely not. 100% straight. As in like an arrow."

"But yet..." he started

"Look, in my younger years, I told you I may have played with other guys, but never sucked cock, or fucked or got fucked. I love women. You saw me looking at other women at the restaurant, and today, at the conference."

He smirked, and chuckled a bit. "Yeah, that's what's confusing me, I guess. You sucked me, but you look at girls."

"You don't see me checking out guys, do you? All right, I enjoyed sucking you, OK? Your cum tasted good, OK? But I ain't queer, I liked sucking you, you were my first. It won't happen again, I love women."

We walked the rest of the way to the hotel, in relative silence. Entering our room, I went over to my suitcase and began packing.

"What're you doing?" he asked "Don't pack. You can stay here."

"Really? You're alright with that? After what I did?"

"Yeah, we'll be ok, I think"

"Wanna see what's on TV? HBO, Cinemax?"

"Alright, let's check it out."

As William turned on the television, I began to undress. I had my back somewhat toward him, and as I turned, I noticed William turning away from me. Was it my imagination? I finished undressing, and turned saying, "I'm going to take a quick shower, pick whatever you want, I'll be fine with it." Damn, it looked like he was checking me out again. 

I went into the bathroom, and turned on the shower. After temperature was warm enough, I got into the spray, and pulled the curtain across.

I was in the spray, facing the shower head, when I felt a cool breeze touch my back. Turning, I saw William stepping in to the shower.

He looked scared, or uncertain."Um Need your back done?" he asked somewhat timidly.

I didn't know what to think. Now I was confused.

Before I could say anything, William had the bar of soap in his hands, and moved toward me, working up a lather, and began soaping my neck, and shoulders.

It felt good, but I was confused. What was going on?

William did my back, neither of us spoke a word. He worked his way down my back, and reaching my ass cheeks, began to lightly wash me.

I turned, he jumped back, looking as if he thought I was going to punch him.

"William, what is going on?" I asked.

"I...I..I think I want to do some more stuff. You know...Besides, I guess I owe you for last night."

As I stood there, I realized something. I was getting hard. FUCK! William WAS hard!!

I reached and took the soap from him. Working up a lather, I applied it to his chest, washing his chest, his neck, shoulders. I caught myself playing with his nipples. I pulled back, looking him in the eyes. I saw uncertainty, curiosity, hesitation, but no malice. 

Well, you can't argue with a stiff cock. I guess we were both into this, that is, we were both interested in experimenting?

Without a word, I slid my hands down his stomach, to his cock, noting on the way, that he had a pretty muscular chest and stomach. Not a six pack, but no flab, either.

Taking his cock in my hand, I began stroking him, under the guise of washing him.

Still stroking him, looking him in the eyes, he reached out, and took me in his hand, stroking my now rock hard and throbbing cock. 

I reached under, caressing his balls, carefully holding and feeling him up. I reached a bit under, not quite touching his hidden hole. He never wavered or backed away. As I slid my finger under his sack, he closed his eyes, and sucked lightly on his lower lip.

He didn't move as I reached further under him, but wordlessly turned around, providing me easy access to his ass. I soaped him up, back, shoulders, ass crack, lightly fingering his ass hole, bringing a gasp from his lips as I did so. 

He turned, facing me, and then turned me, back side facing him, and began to lather my ass, he reached down, and making no attempt to hide it, began fingering my asshole. 

My cock lurched, precum dripping out.

As he continued fingering me, I pushed back at him as his finger hovered at my ass hole, causing him to glide his finger halfway into my horny asshole.

Damn it felt good! I had never had anyone do that to me, although I had previously played with my wife's vibrator in there. But this was a whole new feeling. I didn't want it to end. William began to ream my asshole. I pushed back, urging him to push deeper. My cock was hard and dripping.

All of a sudden, he pulled his finger out of me. He pushed me under the spray, and said "Rinse off, we're done in here"

I rinsed and stepped out of the shower, William rinsed and stepped out. 

We toweled off without a word spoken between us. 

William exited the bathroom first, I grabbed a tube of complimentary lotion that the hotel provided as I followed him. 

William led me to the bed, and, without a word, pushed me back so that I landed flat on my back, with him standing between my legs. 

Looking down at me, he lowered himself to his knees, while reaching out and taking my firm, but not hard cock in his hand. Stroking me gently, he looked into my eyes. "Is it alright?" he asked questioningly.

I nodded in the affirmative.

I watched as he lowered his head, his lips grazing the head of my now hardening cock. He looked at me, gazing into my eyes, still with a bit of uncertainty, lowered his head, sucking my cock into his mouth..

Oh fuck was he good! I still hadn't cum since last night, and I'd been so worked up since then, that the slightest touch of his lips to the head of my cock had me ready to shoot. But I wanted to try and hold off a bit. I wondered if William was Bi, or how many guys he'd been with.

I laid there, watching William lick, suck and blow me. I watched as he slowly, almost painfully, wrapped his luscious lips around my cock head. The pleasure was exquisite, I could feel my toes curling. This was easily building up to the best head I'd ever had in my life.

He slid his hand up, and I felt his fingers graze my scrotum. Delicious. I could tell that my sack tightened at his touch, but that was no surprise, I was so close to cumming.

As he continued giving me head, his fingers travelled all over my lower body, even sliding under my ass, squeezing my cheeks, and, briefly, running his fingers through the cleft between my ass cheeks. Finally, my cock half buried in his mouth, as both his hands were busy playing with my nipples, I moaned "CUMMING!"

He didn't pull back, it seemed I felt a stronger suction from his mouth as I pulled back slightly, the THRUST my hips forcefully up into him, driving my cock deep into his mouth, as I poured my cum into his mouth. I kept cumming and cumming.

To his credit, William didn't gag, but I saw my cum pouring from his lips as he struggled to contain my load.

After several good shots of cum, I relaxed, William busy cleaning my cock and balls with his mouth, lips, and tongue.

I laid there quietly for several minutes trying to recover my breath from the violent cum I'd just experienced.

William rose, and climbed on the bed next to me. He cuddled against my side, as I put my arm around him.

I apparently dozed off, when I awoke, I was being very pleasantly stroked and caressed. I raised my head, and saw William holding my cock in his hand. He appeared to be fully erect.

Realizing that I was awake, he looked at me. "I love your smooth cock and balls" he said. 

"And my ass, too. I remove the hair from my cock, balls, and crack of my ass. I like the feeling."

"Mmmmm" he lowered his head, taking me into his mouth. "Let me see" he said, rolling me over.

He pulled the cheeks of my ass apart. Gazing at my ass. I felt him run his finger softly around my tight hole. It tickled me very nicely, sending a shiver up my spine. I believe my cock was now fully hard.

Still on my stomach, I felt him move on the bed, then he put some weight on his hands, resting on my cheeks. I gasped as I felt his warm, wet tongue touch my asshole.

In moments, William was tonguing my asshole, trying to gain entry into my most private place. I had done this to several of my old girlfriends, and my wife, but only occasionally had I had it done to me. I relaxed my sphincter, and felt him enter my hole with his tongue. Apparently, the work I'd done in my asshole with various dildos and vibrators allowed him to gain entry. 

After a short while, William moved up on me, rubbing his cock in my now slippery cleft. I felt his warm breath in my ear, "Can I try to fuck your ass? Have you ever taken cock inside of you?"

I told him no, nothing except vibrators and dildos. I was confident I could take him, but I told him "There is lube on the night stand, use that, and you can try."

Willian reached over, rubbing his body against mine as he did so. He retrieved the lotion, and in seconds, I felt his cold, lotion covered finger probe my asshole. He put the rest on his cock, then I felt the head of his cock against my hole. 

I felt the pressure of the head of his cock as he tried to gain entry. I relaxed my sphincter, he continued to push.

Suddenly, his cock popped into my ass. I felt no pain, just pressure, and a feeling of excitement course through my body as I was penetrated for the first time.

I had lost my virginity. Had my cherry popped. 

It felt quite good.

"You alright?" he asked.

"Yes" I replied "keep going."

He slowly pushed all the way into me, until I felt his balls rest against the cheeks of my ass.

Putting his hands either side of my body, he began sawing in and out of my ass. 

"Mmmm, it feels soooo good" he said.

I agreed.

As he pushed into my ass, I raised my hips, pushing back onto his cock. We continued for quite a while. I was rock hard, I could feel the wetness at the end of my cock, as precum was forced out of my cock as he rode me.

The constant rubbing of Williams cock against my prostate, brought increased pleasure to me, as I continued to push my hips back at him as he fucked me.

The weight of William laying on my back was actually quite a pleasant feeling. His knees resting between my legs spread me apart, giving him easy access to my ass. As he laid on top of me, he held my hands, spread up and out above my head, as if I were spread eagled, or as if he was trying to hold me down, not that I was in any hurry to get away. 

I was quite happy just where I was, doing what we were doing. William seemed to be enjoying the ride, I know I was.

It seemed to come upon me suddenly, I was enjoying the intense pleasure I was feeling, when I was surprised to feel my prostate contract, and my asshole begin rhythmically contracting, squeezing Williams cock, as he plundered my ass.

Triggered by my asshole contracting, William began spewing his warm load deep into my ass. 

Sweaty, I relaxed onto the bed, William collapsed on top of me.

I was very content.

And this was only the second night of our four night stay.

Mmmmmmm.