 I stood in front of the building and could hear the music coming from inside. I had thought about this many times, but had never mustered the courage (or something) to actually do it. I don't know why today was any different, but here I was. Each time I had completed my preparation ritual of complete shower, total body shave and meticulous hygiene habits. Before getting dressed in the insanely tight pair of jeans I bought in a moment of weakness for just this occasion, I slid into the black lace panties that felt wonderful against my smooth cock. I put on my pressed oxford shirt and sprayed on enough cologne to gag a horse. Each time, just as I turned to the corner to walk up to the bar, I chickened out at the last minute. But not tonight. Tonight I was going to go in and see if any of the men here found me worth their time. I took a deep breath to clear my head of doubts and walked in.

It was dark inside, which I kind of expected. Spying an opening at the bar, I headed over to have a seat. I didn't look at anyone directly, but took in the layout though my peripheral vision. There were all types of men here. I thought I saw a couple of them look at me when I walked in, but wanted to take things slowly. My stomach twitched and jumped from nerves, so I ordered a couple of shots of bourbon from the bartender who thankfully did not ask for I.D. or would have seen I was only nineteen. Even the bartender didn't seem too interested in me, so maybe this was going to be a total bust. The booze helped calm my nerves as I started to look around carefully. There were some huge, muscle-bound types that were a total turn off as well as some flaming, effeminate queens. Neither of which did anything for me. I was looking for someone built like me; tall and thin with a kind face. 

My heart was racing as a guy would approach and offer to buy me a drink. I offered a polite no thank you to each one, since each one was unsettling in some way. After an hour and a half, I was starting to think this whole thing had been a really bad idea. So far, three huge guys and one queen had offered their attention, but they all were just not my type. I finished off the last shot I had paid for when I felt someone sit down next to me.

"You don't come here often, do you?" The person asked.

I turned to look upon my questioner, and found him sitting on the stool next to me. He was about my height, maybe one hundred sixty pounds with tussled blonde hair and bright blue eyes. His skin was golden and deeply tanned and his smile was mesmerizing. I had never seen whiter teeth in my life. He introduced himself as Steven and reached out to shake my hand. As I offered my hand to his, he took it gently. I gauged him to be four or five years older than me, mid-twenties or there about.

"No... this is my first time coming here."

"I know. I know everyone who comes here. Can I buy you a drink?"

My heart fluttered. He was calm and cool, while I was a nervous wreck. He was exactly my type, and hot too. I kept telling myself over and over to calm down and not gush, but he had an effect on me that was overwhelming.

"I think I've had enough already." I replied, which was true. My head was starting to swim a little from the booze.

"Some coffee then...or would you prefer something else...." His voice trailed off, but the implications seemed clear to me. 

I wasn't sure how to respond. Clearly, I was under his spell now, and I think he knew it. I stammered something about leaving.

"I tell you what, why don't you come back to my place for some coffee and we'll get to know each other a little better. Would that be okay with you?" He offered.

"Okay." I answered weakly, half hoping and half dreading where this could wind up.

As we walked to his car, I checked him out a little bit closer. He was six foot two, no more than one sixty for sure. His frame was thin but toned. He was something alright. We got into this car and passed idle small talk until we reached his apartment. He unlocked the door and ushered me inside. 

"Steve, I...." I blurted out.

"What. What is it?"

"I....I've never done this before." I said. 

It was mostly true. I had fantasized and used a slim vibrator before, but I'd never been with another man. Steve walked over and put his hand on my shoulder softly which made my nerves jump.

"I know, I can tell."

He caressed my shoulder for a moment, no doubt feeling my body tremble at his touch. I looked down, wondering where this would go. Steve lifted my chin gently with his hand and looked into my eyes.

"You don't have to worry...I'll be gentle. Is this your first time for everything?"

"...yes..." I whispered.

"Wait here until I call you." He said as he headed toward another room. 

I waited anxiously, my heart pounding for what seemed like hours. After a few minutes, Steve's voice beckoned me to follow him. His bedroom was well lit by a dozen or more candles. Steve stood near the bed, his shirt off revealing his well toned upper body and six pack abs. I walked over to him, and he put both hands on my shoulders. I nearly melted right then and there, but when he leaned in and kissed me, I felt the stars explode in my brain. I opened my lips as his tongue entered my mouth with a purpose, swirling and teasing before he began to kiss my cheek and down my neck. I leaned my body against his as his hands slid down my back to firmly cup my ass and squeeze. I felt his hot breath on my collar bone as he kissed and nibbled there, slowly working his hands up my ribs to my chest and then the first button on my shirt. I reached out for his hips to steady myself as Steve popped open the first button, then the second. He kissed me more firmly and I shuddered slightly as I felt his warm hand slide inside my shirt along my chest. When his fingertips swirled around my nipple I felt a moan escape my lips. Steve smiled.

"You like that?" He asked, looking in my eyes.

"Very much....I'm very sensitive there." I replied.

"I'll keep that in mind." Steve said, and 

continued unbuttoning my shirt. 

He took a couple of steps back, and I could now see the bulge in his crotch. My own cock was hardening at the stimulation, and the site of his package only heightened my arousal. I bit my lip slightly, wondering what was to come next. Steve reached up both hands and lightly traced his fingertips along my shoulders, pushing my shirt off as he did so. My heart raced as his fingers traced down my pecs until he lightly brushed my hard nipples. I shuddered hard, making Steve smile again. He leaned in and kissed my neck, his fingers sliding lower to my waist until he reached my jeans, popping the top button open. My cock was throbbing in anticipation of his touch, painfully constrained in my pants. Steve nibbled my lower lip as he slowly unzipped me. He smiled and chuckled as his hands brushed against the silk panties covering my throbbing member.

"Very nice... I like that you wore those. You wear them often?" He asked, still kissing my mouth and neck.

"...no....but I will....if you like them..." I whispered, my hands now roaming along his toned biceps and shoulders.

Steve peeled down my jeans, leaving my throbbing hard-on to tent out the panties drawing the thin material into my ass crack in the back. As his hand slid up my thigh I trembled as his fingers brushed along my groin. My heart was pounding my chest, I was sure he could feel it.

"You shaved?" Steve asked.

"Yes." I answered, still massaging his arms and shoulders. 

I wanted to touch him, and have him touch me. I was so aroused I could hardly stand it. I could hear my own pulse in my ears, and my raging erection throbbed with each heart beat. Between the booze and Steve's charms, I was ready to be ravaged. I was helplessly under his spell, and I think he was beginning to realize that as well. He kissed me again, and placed both hands on my shoulders. He broke the kiss softly, smiled and applied downward pressure on my shoulders. My knees buckled instantly and I sank to the floor. His massive bulge was eye level now, and I knew what he wanted. I reached up and began to unfasten his pants. As I unzipped him, it was clear he was not wearing anything underneath. I pulled his pants to the floor slowly, revealing his manhood.

He clearly wore a skimpy thong in the sun, as his tan lines and white skin emphasized his package. His pubic hair was well trimmed and neat, forming a blonde ring circling the base of his manhood. His balls hung heavy and were clean shaven as well, but it was the sight of his fully erect cock that made my eyes widen. He was big, bordering on huge. The blue veins stood out clearly on his massive shaft. He had to be nine or ten inches long, with a massive cock head that was red and drooling precum. His member was close to three inches in girth, which gave me pause. I was hoping to avoid a giant cock my first time, but Steve smiled at my wonderment. He was obviously pleased at my slight terror. He was circumcised which only made his mushroom head look that much bigger. His cock was smooth and shaven, and I could see it throb with his pulse.

I reached up slowly, wrapping my hand around his massive tool softly and began to lightly stroke his length. Steve sighed contently. I rubbed my palm over his slippery knob each stroke, increasing my tempo and grip. After a couple of minutes of jacking his massive member, Steve looked down at me, smiling.

"Yeah....that's nice....." Steve whispered, thrusting his cock gently into my hand. 

His cock was warm and heavy and felt incredibly thick in my hand. I could wrap my hand entirely around his shaft, but I could tell he was much larger than I had anticipated. I rubbed my thumb in small circles on the underside of his shaft, just below his massive cockhead. Steve groaned appreciatively. I moved closer to his huge tool, trying to judge if I would be able to take the next step. I slid my hand to the base of his mighty cock and held him firmly. I looked at him, and kept my eyes locked on his as I licked my lips, placed my tongue over my bottom teeth and opened my mouth widely to accept his manhood. Steve groaned more loudly as his knob rubbed my tongue and I closed my lips around his cock. I leaned forward with my neck, taking more of his pole in my mouth until I held as much of him as I could. Steve smiled, watching me with his huge cock in my mouth. I bobbed back slowly, sucking hard as his cock pulled out, leaving only his knob in my mouth. I rolled my tongue around his massive knob and bobbed back down toward his groin. I could take a little more than half his length without gagging, so I bobbed my head slowly, sucking his cock as best I could. Steve began to thrust his hips in tune with my head, pushing more of his pole inside my mouth. I gagged two or three times, struggling to keep sucking while always looking up at him. His cock stretched my mouth and jaw muscles, but I knew that was nothing compared to what would happen later. I slurped and sucked his huge cock, stopping briefly to suck and tongue his cockhead while my hand cupped and massaged his balls. Steve was breathing heavy now, so I knew I was doing something right.

"Gawd....you're good....yeah, worship my cock...." He panted, pushing as much of his shaft into my throat as I could take. 

My neck was starting to hurt and my jaw was sore, and I think Steve knew I was struggling. I slowed my pace, finally stopping with his knob still locked firmly in my lips. Steve smiled, reached down and lifted me to my feet. He kissed me hard and deep, his hands rubbing down my back and over my bare ass cheeks.

"Lie down..." he ordered.

I moved over to the bed and lay on my back, with my legs splayed open and apart. My balls tingled and my cock ached now, I was so hot. Steve straddled my hips, his massive cock bouncing in front of me. He lifted my arms up over my head so my hands touched the wall. He pushed himself up on all fours, and smiled at me.

"You're a hot little bitch...." He said. "Don't move your arms, leave them there."

I wasn't quite spread eagle, but sort of. Steve ran his hands along my arms to my shaven armpits; then gently traced his fingers to my pecs. He rocked his hips slowly, rubbing the underside of my panty covered cock with his ass as his fingers drew lazy circles on my pecs. I was breathing ragged breaths as he drew closer and closer...until he squeezed both nipples at once. I cried out and arched my back, causing Steve to roll my nipples in his tight grip. I writhed on the bed, moaning. Steve paused and I felt my body relax, until he leaned forward and held my arms down. He grinned, leaned in and dragged is tongue around my areola and nipple bud, causing waves of pleasure to crash in my brain. I was moaning now, almost wailing as Steve sucked and tongue my nipples, moving from one to the other. He would pause only to blow on them, causing them to tighten even further. I was nearly thrashing on the bed, my arms pinned over my head with my body bucking. I thought my cock was going to burst, that I would climax without being touched. 

Steve relented and let me cool down for just a moment.

"You're ready aren't ya.....you're ready to pop right now....god, you're a hot one." Steve grinned.

He kissed one nipple and suckled it again, arching my back and then dragged his tongue lower. As his tongue headed to my abs, he slid his body along my cock until he was resting on my calves. I was totally vulnerable to him as he slipped his fingers into my panties and pulled them down. The cool air hitting my throbbing shaft elicited a moan as Steve freed my package. My cock stood proudly aroused and erect, clearly throbbing and leaking precum. Steve smiled appreciatively, my thin, nude form displayed for his eyes. His slid his hands around my pubic bone and inner thighs before stroking my shaft. I moaned and gasped as his hands caressed by throbbing dick, gently rubbing my cock head. He reached over to a bedside table and pulled out a bottle of lube from one drawer. He popped the cap open, and looking in my eyes, poured the cool liquid on the head of my cock. He poured more lube on his hands before sliding them up and down my cock. The warmth of his hands and the slick lube drove me wild. My hips were thrusting on their own; I was totally out of my mind as he stroked and massaged my throbbing cock, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. One hand slid down and cupped my balls for a moment before travelling lower. I felt the pressure of his finger against my manhole as he stroked me faster and firmer. When his finger slid into my rectum and rubbed my prostrate, I exploded.

"UUUNNNGGHHHHHH.....Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" I cried out, shuddering in my climax. 

Thick, powerful jets of cum burst from my cock as my hips came off the bed. Each ropey jet of cum landed on me somewhere as I came, moaning and thrashing while Steve held my shaft. I saw stars and felt the waves crash over me as I came hard, blowing my load and having it land on my face and neck, some of it puddling on my abs. I was covered in my own cum and Steve milked more seed from my cock. I was still moaning and wailing, my body rigid and taut, my ass still hovering above the bed. After what seemed like hours, the orgasm began to subside, until finally my cock began to soften. Steve smiled the whole time, obviously enjoying the show as I came for him. He leaned down and kissed me hard.

"That was fucking hot....you are a hottie ...." He whispered.

"Thanks" I whispered feebly, still trembling from my thundering climax. 

I kissed him back, accepting his tongue into my mouth. I groped with my hand, feeling for his massive member. I began stroking his massive cock slowly, rubbing his cockhead and the sensitive ridge as we kissed. His cock was still hard as steel and felt warm and heavy in my hand. Our tongues worked each other's until Steve pushed himself up. He slid down the bed and knelt between my spread legs. He reached for the bottle and began to lubricate his massive cock. 

"Are you ready?" He asked softly.

I could barely nod yes. I was still trying to recover as Steve took my hand and pulled me up to a sitting position before positioning me on all fours. He spread my legs apart and pulled me closer until my feet hung over the edge of the bed. His hands caressed my ass cheeks, spreading them apart slightly. I felt the cool lube as he rubbed it around my tender ring. Steve pushed me down slightly so my face lay on the bed while my ass stuck up in the air.

"Please...." I stammered, "Please go slow..."

I felt Steve grab me firmly, one hand on my shoulder and his other hand on my hip as he positioned himself to take my man cherry. I felt his massive knob between my cheeks and the sudden, intense pressure as he began. The pressure gave way to searing pain as he pushed harder, his swollen knob entering me. I cried out loudly, but Steve pushed harder until his cock head popped past my tender ring. He paused to let me adjust, but it was too intense. His cock head felt a foot wide inside me. Instinctively I tried to pull away but Steve pushed more of his meat deeper inside me. The lube helped, but he thrust very slowly forward, filling me with his enormous cock. Each inch of his cock spread me wider and made me shudder and cry out. Tears escaped my eyes, the pain was so intense. I definitely was not prepared for his giant tool. My vibrator at home was puny compared to his meaty shaft. Then, I felt his pubic bone against my ass as he pushed the last of his ten inches inside me. I felt full beyond belief and the pleasure has his manhood rubbed my prostate was overwhelming.

I felt totally impaled with Steve's giant dick buried up my ass, until he slowly withdrew, leaving only his cockhead inside me. A second later, he thrust in again slowly, filling me with his cock. It hurt less this time, but was still excruciating. I cried out again, but Steve buried his mighty shaft to the hilt with each thrust. Slowly he built a rhythm, driving his cock completely in my ass. I heard and felt the slapping sound as his pubic bone smacked against me. I was crying out over and over as he fucked me, his huge cock rubbing my prostate. His pace quickened and he began to fuck me in earnest now, harder and faster while I was reduced to a blubbering mess. I was incapable of speech, only moans, grunts and sharp cries. Steve was grunting too, clearly enjoying taking my anal virginity. After what seemed like hours of fucking, Steve pulled his cock out completely.

"I want you to lie on your back." He commanded. 

I complied immediately. I was covered in sweat and semen and the air in the room was thick with our funk. Steve spread my legs and crawled onto the bed. He grabbed the bottle and re-lubed his cock. My hips and legs were sore and my tender ass bud was on fire. Steve carefully slid his hands under my knees and both lifted and pushed forward until I was nearly bent in half with my knees almost touching my shoulders. I was totally vulnerable and my man hole was spread wide open for plundering. Steve smiled a wicked grin before thrusting his cock deep inside me. I cried out hard, gasping as he penetrated more deeply than I thought imaginable. He leaned forward slightly, bringing more of his body weight to bear and began to fuck me again, driving hard and deep now. Steve used his weight with each thrust; his balls slapping my ass as he buried himself inside me. I was moaning and making guttural noises, his massive shaft rubbing my prostate and bringing waves of pleasure. 

My own cock started to stiffen now, slowly hardening. Steve was covered in sheen of sweat as he fucked my pale, lithe body. My ass burned from the assault, but I was completely aroused watching his fuck me. His tanned and toned physique contrasted against my pale, thin form. He grunted as he humped away, fucking with total abandon. My cock began to throb as I watched and felt him banging away, the pleasure and arousal pushing out all other thoughts. I could feel another climax building in my groin as my balls tightened.
