 Prison is not a great place to be in. I was sent there for the first time in my life for sleeping with my older sister. I got 90 days and six month probation. The punishment wouldn't have been that high if she had gotten pregnant. But she did and before I was imprisoned she told me that she wants to keep the baby. Yeah, OK, whatever. I had other things in my mind, like how to survive this place for three months. 

First night in was OK. The prison didn't have that many occupants when I was sent there, so I got cell all to myself. Everything was OK, I talked to my sister every day when she came to visit and I already started to hope that things will remain like that but then one day, after I got back from the visitation room, I saw that my cellmate had arrived. My first reaction was "Shit, I'm no longer alone." Then, as I walked in, I saw him leaning against the wall, he turned to face me and he was rather handsome. 

"Hello," I said as I sat on my bed.

"Hi," he responded. "Bottom punk is yours?"

"Yes."

"I'll throw my stuff on the top punk then."

"You do that." I lay on my bed to get some sleep before dinner.

"My name is Martin, by the way," I heard him say from the top.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Kyle."

"Nice to meet you too. What are you in for?"

"Sleeping with my sister and getting her pregnant," I replied without hesitation. This was something I was a little proud of.

A little pause. Then the sound of him jumping down from the top.

"Seriously? You slept with your sister?"

"Yep."

I saw the look in his eyes. I didn't know what it said though.

"What are you in for?" I asked kind of being interested.

"Drunk driving. State revoked my driver's license. But your thing is awesome."

"Thanks. You into incest?"

"Yes but as a fantasy. I don't really have family members I want to sleep with. How old is she?"

"30. I'm 25 myself."

"Older sister, too. Nice, man. That's really impressive. Did you rape her?"

"No, it was consensual. If I had raped her then it would have been the reason I'm in here."

"Of course, of course. And was it one time?"

"No, we have been having sec for months."

"How did it start?"

"With she giving me a hand job while we were watching porn together and after making me cum, she kissed me. And after that ... well, we started out affair until she got pregnant and we got caught."

"That's unfortunate."

"Tell me about it. But when we get out we move in together. She is out there looking apartments as we speak."

"You love her?"

"I think so. And I think she loves me too."

"That's good," Martin said and looked through the pars. "Life here must be very boring."

"Why do you think that?"

"Prisons usually are. Nothing much to do. Sit in your cell all day and wait for the time to go to the yard for couple of hours. Boring."

"True. But making friends and interacting with others is very important. If you have friends, then you have things to do."

"You have many friends here?"

"Some. I haven't been around that much." 

At that point I realized that I wasn't going to sleep. I sat up on my bed, took out a porn magazine under my billow and started browsing it. Martin then turned to look at me.

"What you got there?" he asked.

"Just something to keep me busy." I opened my orange jumpsuit and slid my hand on my cock. "My sister brought it to me. She promised to get me one every week."

Martin looked at me and the magazine. "Can I join you?"

"Sure. More the merrier," I replied.

Martin sat next to me and we watched the pictures together. I had started to stroke myself and felt very good at that point. That encouraged Martin to start pleasuring himself as well. It was evening and all the prisoners were in their cells. Martin took out his 9'' cock and started getting it hard. I started to take turns looking at his cock and the magazine. Both were very enjoyable.

I put the magazine in the center so we could have a better view of the pictures and I do get to pleasure myself better. I looked at his cock again and couldn't help but think what it would taste and feel like.

"You know, Martin, what is the best way to make friends here?"

"No. Tell me."

"By giving them what they want," I replied and licked my lips. "Then you have a friend for life."

"Good. I'll keep that in mind," he said while he was masturbating with his balls slapping against his hand.

"Now ask me what I want." I had stopped stroking and was only watching him.

"OK. What do you want?" he said and turned his head to face me.

"I want you to fuck me," I replied quickly.

"But aren't you with your sister?"

"Out there I am. In here I am single and up for grabs."

"I don't know, Kyle. I have never been with a man before."

"You are gonna be very lonely here if you don't have anybody like me."

"And who is that?"

"Girlfriend. Even bitch, if you like. You can call me whatever you like."

"Having my own prison bitch would be nice."

"So, what do you say? You wanna make me yours?" I wasn't even looking at him but his cock.

"Mm, sure, man. I want you to be mine."

I kissed Martin as I moved my hand closer to his cock. He took his hand away as I replaced that meat pole with mine. I felt the warmth and strength of it. I grabbed it and started jerking it. 

"You are so big, Martin."

"And you are so good, Kyle," he moaned a little as I kept stoking him. I then moved myself so I could take him in my mouth. I wrapped my lips around that monster, eased it in my mouth and started sucking it deep and hard, moving my head up and down to please my man. While I was doing that he moved his hand to my ass and started caressing it. His touches felt so good. I climbed off the bed and kneeled in front of him, so I would be in a better position for me to suck him.

"That's it, bitch, just like that." He grabbed my hair and forced me more on his cock. "We know each other less than 30 minutes and already you are sucking me. My god, you are a whore."

"I can be other things too," I said quickly.

"I bet you can," he said and pushed me away so he could stand up, pick me up and throw me back to the bed. The ripped my jumpsuit off, exposing my ass, he climbed on top of me and forced himself inside me. I felt great pain when his 9'' cock penetrated my ass but I didn't resist. Martin forced himself deep inside me, I felt his balls against my ass, and he started thrusting inside me, forcing him in and out of me. It was both pleasure and pain and I moaned, I didn't resist, I wanted it.

"You like that, bitch?" he said as he kept fucking me on my bed.

I didn't say anything; I was unable to do so because he forced my face in a pillow. But if I had replied I had said yes. He smacked my ass, his cock forced deep inside me; so deep, so good. I lift my head to breathe and moaned as I did. 

"Shut up," he ordered me and smacked me in the face.

I felt him starting to thrust harder and faster until I felt him cumming in me. His warm cum filled me up and oozed out of my hole. He gave me couple of more thrust before he climbed off. I laid on my stomach, ass exposed and cum coming out of my ass, I was trying to catch my breath. I looked at him and saw him putting his jumpsuit back on. I sat up and started fixing myself up as well.

"There was no need to do it like that," I said calmly. "I would have put out."

"I know but prison bitches like you like it rough, don't you?"

"Yeah, OK, that's true," I replied with a smile and put my jumpsuit back on.

"How many times have you been with a man?"

"This was my first."

"Really? That's surprising because you seemed so eager."

"Maybe so but I know what I wanted and when I wanted it."

Martin walked to the cell door and looked out. "I wonder if somebody heard us or not."

"I sure hope they did, babe." I stood up and walked to Martin. I hugged him from behind like lovers do after sex. "I forgot to ask before, how old are you?"

"20," he said and leaned into me. We stood there for some time, our warm bodies touching, and looked outside the cell. It had been beautiful and I knew it would happen again.

---------

Next day, when one of the guards came to tell me that I have a visitor, for thing he saw was Tom lying on the bed, me on my knees, sucking his dick. My right hand was on his balls as I moved my head up and down, his cock moving in and out, my hot wet lips wrapped around his shaft, my eyes closed, as I enjoyed pleasing my man.

"Kyle, you have a visitor," the guard said. "It's your sister."

I looked at the guard without stopping to suck Martin.

"I'll suck your cock later when you give me five for minutes," I said, stopping for a moment, and then continuing as I waited for the guard to respond.

"OK. Five minutes. Then we need to go."

I nodded a little as Martin put his hand on my head, forcing me deeper on his cock. I felt the tip in the back of my throat as I kept going. Guard looked us for a little bit and then left the cell and waited outside, next to it.

"Oh yeah," Martin moaned as I sucked him. He them grabbed my head and pushed his hips when he orgasmed and shot his cum in my mouth. He came hard and I started swallowing as much as I could, but some still tripped out of my mouth. I sucked Martin clean and then let go of his cock. I cleaned my lips with my forearm as he put his cock away. I stood up and smiled to him. "We'll continue this later." He nodded and turned to face the wall. I left the cell and followed the guard to the visitation room, still tasting Martin's cum in my mouth.

---------

I was back in 30 minutes, escorted by the same guard to whom I had promised a blowjob. He walked me back to my cell where Martin was on my bed, reading a book. He had been using my property a lot lately but who was I to say no when I was his property?

"Hey," I said as I walked back in.

"Back so soon?" Martin put the book away. "I thought you maybe be gone longer."

"There was no need. My sister just told me she had found some apartments which seem to be suitable but we haven't decided on the specifics." I walked over to the toilet and sat on that. "Come here, honey," I told to the guard and called him closer with my index finger. "We had a deal."

Guard walked closer to me and was only a foot away when he unzipped his pants and took his cock out. It was a nice 7'' cock which I started to stroke to make it hard. I looked the guard in the eyes as he nodded and smiled. As I started stroking it his cock started to get harder and harder when it was finally ready to be sucked. I put it in my mouth and started sucking it like I had done with Martin's cock half an hour before. I sucked the guard almost like a pro now, moving my head back and forth, using my tongue to stimulate the man even further. Guard was moaning a little as I worked his shaft and played with his balls.

"I wanna get into that too," Martin said after having been watching us a little while. He stood up from the bed and took out his cock to stand next to the guard. I looked up at Martin as I sucked the guard, grabbed my cellmate's cock and started stroking him as I pleasured both men. I kept sucking the guard for a little while then switched to Martin and continued stroking the guard. I like the taste and sensation of Martin's cock in my mouth. That got me so turned on. I worked Martin's shaft and balls like a good little slut I was, making him moan as I did.

"Get on the bed," Martin commanded. 

I did get up and sat on the bed. Martin and the guard then pushed me over and started ripping my clothes off. I didn't resist. When I was nude the guard forced his cock in my mouth and Martin started to ass fuck me. I loved it. Being mounted by two men at the same time. Guard worked his cock in my mouth and Martin, lifting up my right leg, rammed my asshole. If this is what it's gonna be like, then I never want to leave, I thought to myself as both men emptied themselves in me. Martin's load filled my ass, guard's cum filled my mouth. Guard put his cock away and left, leaving me there being cuddled by Martin, with his cock still in my ass. I felt his breathe in the back of my head. I closed my eyes and fell asleep.

---------

I was woken up in the middle of the night. I opened my eyes and saw five guys, all prisoners, staring down on me.

"Hey," I said while sitting up. "What is this?"

"Martin told us that we can use you and believe me, we do need someone to use," one of the men said. "I'm Tom, by the way." We shook hands.

"You all wanna fuck me?"

"Yes," Tom replied as he started to stroke his dick.

"Here or do we go somewhere?" I said as I stood up, still naked.

"Here is fine, I guess," Tom said and took his cock out. It was a nice 8'' cock made for my needs.

So there I was, standing up, holding my hands against the wall while these five men took turns fucking me. They cocks went deep inside me, balls slapping against mine, occasionally getting smacked against the ass but all in all I serviced these five prisoners. They forced me to their will and I was happy to service them. One at the time they came and rammed inside me; cocks going in and out, hard and brutal penetration, pain mixed with pleasure. 

They finished with me two hours later and went back to their cells, leaving me tired and covered with cum lying on my bed. I was exhausted and couldn't believe I had just done that. My asshole was trembling and I was a little cold but cum on my body gave me warmth. As I finally fell asleep I felt truly happy.

---------

Because I had serviced that guard, I was now given some privileges. I could take showers, eat and walk around whenever I wanted, have longer visitation hours and even use couple's room with my sister, as long as I bent over for one of them whenever they wanted. And I was happy to do it, even if I didn't get anything in return. Some of the bigger guys carried my around, I sucked three cocks at the same time, whenever I entered the canteen, I was called "slut, whore, bitch, analwhore, fucknut, cumdump" and I took all of them as compliments. It became regular that guys would cum on my food and I had to eat it. I liked doing it because cum added salt which the prison food lacked. I fucked with these guys in the morning, during the day and in the evening, always trying to find new ways to get fucked by them. I also used my new given power to be assigned with a new cellmate every night, so I could cuddle up with one of those men every time I had been fucked.

After yet another night being fucked multiple times, I walked back to my cell. I was well rested and completely fucked when I got back there. Martin was on his bed when I got back there. 

"Hey, man," I said casually as I lay down on my bed.

"Hey. Haven't seen you for couple of days. How've you been?"

"Having fun. I have been fucked around so many time that I have lost count."

"And you like that?"

"Are you kidding? Of course I do. I like being owned."

"I'm glad you like it," Martin said. "You must be the biggest cocklover I have ever seen. You sure you weren't a faggot outside as well?"

"No, I wasn't. Last person I slept with was my sister. And before her there were no gay experiences. It all started with you."

"You welcome?"

"Oh, yes, I am glad that you showed me the way of cock. I am truly grateful to you."

"When you get out of here ... do you plan to go for cock or do you stop as soon as you get out?"

"I will definitely go for cock. Maybe I will become regular for someone I fucked inside here."

"That's an option?"

"Of course. I love the guys here."

"Could I may be the contender?"

"Do you want to be, Martin?"

"Yes, I'd like to be your daddy outside, Kyle"

"No, you have to become my husband because I am already engaged to about a dozen guys."

"Seriously, you got engaged here?"

"Yes. Wedding should happen soon. Prison weddings, I mean. But you would be my real husband because I can't marry my sister."

"Obviously. So, if I am your husband, does that mean you are my wife?"

"Yes."

"So you'd wear a dress if we were to get married?"

"If you want me do," I said with a smile.

"Oh, I want you do."

"Great. Then ask me the question, Martin."

"Question? Oh, right."

Martin got up from the bed, kneeled down, took my hand and looked me in the eyes. 

"Kyle, will you do me the honors and become my husband?"

"No. Try again by saying wife instead of husband."

"Oh, right. Kyle, will you do me the honors and become my wife?"

"Of course, I will, Martin."

He stood up and then we kissed. 

He then pushed me to bed and started undressing himself. I did the same. I unbuttoned my orange jumpsuit and exposed him my cock and ass. Martin got naked and came to bed. I was on my back, he raised my legs, eased his cock inside my hole and he slowly started fucking me. Martin and I were now also emotionally connected and that made his cock feel better. As he kept penetrating me, some other prisoners appeared by the door. They took their cocks out and started stroking themselves as they watched me getting ass fucked. I smiled to them as a greeting and already started to imagine a gay fuck train what was going to happen soon. And it did. When Martin finished with me, all these guys, four of them, came and took his place, fucking me and filling me up with their cum. I took them all in like a good little slut. When they finished with me, I cuddle up to Martin and we laid there.

"Hey, I need to go to the doctor," I said 20 minutes later.

"Why?"

"Cum pumping. They pump the cum out inside of me, so I could take in more. It's like enema."

"Oh. I didn't know you were doing it."

"I do it every Sunday. They already know to expect me."

"If you need to go then go."

I got up, got dressed and left.

---------

When I got back an hour later, I saw Martin sucking some guy. I smiled and walked in. Martin stopped for a second but the continued sucking. I sat next to him and watched as he pleasured this big guy and his big cock. I looked up at the guy and he seemed familiar, I just couldn't remember his name. Hell, I never asked any names before bending over. They sometimes tell me their names, sometimes they don't. They know who I am and that's all I care about.

That guy let Martin suck him and he started caressing my hair. He made me feel good, like his cock would, I imagined. He grabbed my hair as he shot his load in Martin's mouth. Martin did his best to swallow it all but some did trip out. Guy but his cock away and before leaving he looked at me and said, "No cock for you, Kyle," he said with a low voice. "But find me later."

"I will," I replied and watched him leave. "What was that about?" I asked Martin who drank some water to get the taste of cum away his mouth.

"That's Kristjan. He and I started something few days ago."

"Oh. Hope everything goes well for you two."

"I hope that too. He's scary but I also like him very much. He is very masculine and can easily emasculate whoever he wants."

"I bet."

"So, how was the doctor? All good now?"

"Yes. I'm clean now."

"Nice." Martin got up and walked over to the toilet to take a piss.

"You know what, Martin?" I said. "I started thinking here about outside world and all that."

"Yes?"

"And I'll be getting out a month from now but I am not sure I want it."

"You don't? Why not?"

"Because I like to be a prison bitch. I like how I'm treated here. I feel the love and cocks around me and it's great."

"That's no reason not wanting to get out."

"It is. For me, at least."

"Suit yourself," he said. "Damn it. My cock is so hard that I can't take a piss."

"Maybe I can help you," I proposed."

"How?"

I stood up and walked to him. I knelt down and look at his cock and then him.

"Piss on me."

"Yeah?"

"Aim my face and mouth. Use it as a toilet."
