 Pt. 1 wimpy little deer

Pete loathed high school with a passion especially when he had to go to a human school. Pete had even had to wait an extra year to go to school so he was 18 and in his last year of high school. Most other children had to go to were schools so they didn't randomly turn and kill a child but Pete had control over his were side. Pete being a deer didn't even make sense considering he was the son of the alpha of Blue River pack in one of the hottest parts of North Queensland. His Dad was a were-dingo and his mother happened to be a were-tiger. 

He slipped on the classic uniform of a white button down shirt, red tie and black shorts. Pete got up to do his hair and all that other stuff you do in the morning.

The staircase leading to the kitchen was basically a death trap for Pete because he always managed to stumble on some of the steps. The smell of toast wafted through the house and he knew father was in the kitchen because he claims to have invented cheese and vegemite toast but everyone knows that other dude did it. 

"Dad, I'm going." I shouted as I hurried through the kitchen and snatched a piece of toast before going through the door getting ready to face any bitchy magpies that came at me. 

***

School was being a bigger bitch than the magpies. 40 degrees heat, kids who thought it was funny to kick a guy in the balls (that guy may have been Pete) and the stupid relief teacher was late because he had to escort the new kid to class. Pete had to admit new dude was pretty hot, olive skin, hazel eyes and thick rusty red hair that fell into his eyes. Of course being the loner of the school Pete would have a spare seat right next to him on both sides, he really only had to endure forty minutes sitting next to possibly the hottest guy in the entire school. He gave his late attendance slip to the teacher and sauntered over to where Pete sat. Oh god he was fucking hot! Pete almost screamed when he quickly took a right so that he could ask stupid Emily if he could have her spot and of course she agreed, like who could say no to that hunk of hot meat.

School sucked when you had to be a human all day. Although he could choose when he wanted to shift into a stupid deer but it felt uncomfortable to have to keep it on a leash all day.

Pete got mostly good grades except for maths and social science but he loved to do art and media. Pete was amazing at art and loved that he could control the tools of art to create something deep and beautiful. His latest piece was a tiger taking care of a young deer, his mother had absolutely adored it. 

"Mr Morgan care to give us the answer to question 4.38?" The teacher yelled out to him obviously he could tell Pete did not want to be in this class.

"Fourteen over thirty two." The teacher just shrugged and Pete continued to stare off to no where while he waited for the bell. 

***

"How are you honey?" My mother asked as Pete trudged up the stares trying not to trip over his own feet as he made his way to his room.

"Great!" Pete called down to her in a sarcastic tone. His mother was gorgeous with a caramel complexion and dark hair that fell in loose ringlets all the way down her back. His father had olive skin and dusty hair and icy blue eyes that drew you in. Of course being Pete he got average features like muddy green eyes and black hair and an olive skin tone. He wasn't bad looking just average but because he had a light but muscular body like a deer it all fit together like a weird abstract puzzle that made no sense. 

Pete almost slammed the door closed as he walked into his tidy bedroom with a large bed in the centre with two bedside tables on each side of the bed. One table had a fish tank that held a crayfish he had caught when he was 14 the other contained mostly porn and tissues but hey a guys gotta do what a guys gotta do. Not even the good porn just random cheap gay porn that he bought to keep myself busy when he got lonely. Yeah, Pete was gay and a deer and had the most generic name my parents could ever come up with. 

He slipped his shorts off and stared at the growing bulge under his boxers. Pete was big for a human but only average for a were at 9 inches. He rubbed the length of his member through the soft material of his boxers and thought about sexy new guy who he had failed to learn the name of though he was sure he would find out tomorrow when the rumours would start. 

Pete slid the boxers down his legs and started to work on the head of his cock. He slipped a finger into his arse using pre cum as lube and immediately found his prostate. Pete slowly rubbed it and applied more and more pressured to it until he came into a tissue groaning. He hated having to clean up after jerking off it was fun but messy. 

Pete just couldn't get over the sexy new guy at school. He loved everything about him from the way he moved to his sparkling eyes. But it still hurt that he chose to sit no where near him. Pete had gone to bed that night thinking about the mysterious new guy. 

***

Pete went for his usual little wonder through the bush going deeper to find his sacred place. He love to just let his deer out for these early morning walks so that it wasn't restless all day during school. Sometimes he grazed or just enjoyed the crunch of dried leaves under his hooves. But he really loved to go to his sacred place with it's sparking creek and warm breeze. The creek was home to frogs, turtles, and plenty of fish. Pete loved to lose himself in thought on these daily trips through the bush. 

*Ace*

Ace walked through the Australian bush with no purpose other than to check out the area. Jumping over a small stream he wondered if the local wildlife were as violent as they were made out to be. He had seen a few possums resting in the trees and could here the sound of a kookaburra's laugh in the distance. 

About an hour into Ace's walk he heard rustling in one of the bushes ahead of him. "Fuck!" He whispered slowly walking backwards away from the creature. There was a quick movement in the bush and out jumped a tall fallow deer. It was sort of awkward in the way it walked and it had a gorgeous almost black coat. Ace stood really still waiting for the deer's reaction his parents had taught him never to approach wildlife unless he had to. Ace stiffened when the deer walked towards him and licked one the hands at his side. The deer then looked up into his eyes and let out a soft snort. Ace took that as permission to touch the deer and reached out to touch the surprisingly soft coat. 

"Hi, I'm Ace." He spoke in a quiet voice the deer. The deer got down so that it was laying down on its tummy and dragged Ace down with him. The deer rested his head on Ace's lap with one antler almost poking him in the chin. The deer licked the the length of his dick and looked up at Ace. He frowned at the overly friendly deer and move the head of deer so that it did not have access to any of his privates but ended up cutting across his jaw with the deer's sharp antlers. Ace put his hand up to his jaw to check the damage but his hand came away with blood. The deer looked to be anxious or worried and got up . Ace knew this could be bad so he got up and walked over to calm the deer. He held lifted his hand to pat the Bucks face but the deer flinched away from his hand and trotted off. Ace considered running after the deer but he had school and he didn't want to scare the deer. 

* Pete*

"Did you really have to lick his dick though?" His best friend Matt whispered harshly at Pete. 

"No but it was funny." He laughed as he remembered the look on Ace's face. 

"Have you considered he might be your mate? You seem to a really like this guy." That accusation shut him up and he glared at Matt. 

"Wouldn't he have to have were blood in him for that?" Pete asked but Matt gave him a look like he had just said the dumbest thing ever. 

"You should really pay attention and smell him thoroughly next time instead of paying so much attention to the poor guys dick." Matt laughed and Pete was about to hit him but abruptly Matt stopped laughing and looked at the figure standing by the table. Fuck! Ace had chosen the wrong time to interrupt. 

"Hey, I noticed you were in my class and I was wondering if I could join you for lunch." Ace had asked but the question was lost on Pete because he was to busy staring at Ace's body. Matt kicked him in the shin and Pete nodded at Ace. Under the wonderful smells of Ace's deodorant and his natural scent was were blood. Fuck! How could he miss that it's not like it wasn't obvious. He had a small but well cleaned cut on his jaw. "What happened to your jaw?" I asked pretending that I was not the one to cause it.

"Fell over." Ace had lied. Only Ace didn't know that Pete knew what had caused the small cut.

The bell rang and the clouds of people made their way to their afternoon classes. Luckily Pete had art a subject that he absolutely loved.

He realised that he shared that class with Ace a minute too late and Ace sat next to him at his desk. 

"Hey I thought that maybe we could be partners for this subject" Pete just smiled and nodded at his new desk buddy .

By the time Pete got home his cock was hard and aching and he was dying to release himself. He rushed up the stairs not bothering to greet his parents in the kitchen. He said hi to his crayfish joe and moved towards his other bedside table to grab some tissues and lube. He rubbed lube onto the head of his dick fast moving downwards making it as quick as possible. He came hard into the tissue with a quiet groan. He Still was Hard but couldn't be bothered dealing that. He decided he didn't want dinner and fell asleep curled into a ball.

The following afternoon Pete walked into art with Ace at his side. They had been talking all morning about insignificant things like school and stuff. Once the teacher had walked in and the other students in his class had shut up the teacher told them there assessment. The class had to paint an animal that meant a lot to them. Pete chose a deer because it was easy to get pictures of the animal in different positions when you were the animal. Pete turned to Ace and asked "what animal are you doing?" Ace looked to consider the question for a moment before he answered.

"A caracal." Ace was a fucking wild cat but he had gotten stuck with a fucking deer. 

"Why?" I asked curious as to whether he would admit it. 

"I just find them to be interesting." Ace seemed to be telling the truth and that confused Pete. Pete frowned and went to work drafting ideas for his painting. Pete looked looked over at Ace's work and gasped in awe. He was amazing in the time he had been been given Pete had done one sketch but Ace had done three detailed sketches. 

"Your really good." Pete stated. Ace looked up at him and smiled, then got back to his work. The bell rang and the class packed up their stuff and left. Ace and Pete walked to the front of the school where they split to walk to their houses.