 When I moved to this city I had given my own word that I would not get attached to anyone. I told myself over and over that if I needed to just pack up and go, I would. This time there would not be anything holding me back for months longer than if I had simply been on my own. Things were going to go my way and I was going to be in control. 

The first person I met when I moved was a wonderful woman named Kendra. What initially drew me to her was the combination of her pale blue eyes and smile. Her eyes contrasted with her raven black hair. I was soon addicted to the sound of her laugh. And she always seemed to be feeding my addiction when we were together. Making her laugh was easy and I strived to do it often.

After we got to know each other a little- she had come to the city for an education, I merely to escape the pressures of my family- we started going out together. Coffee shops, parks, day trips to anywhere nearby. Often times she would flirt with me, making it innocent enough to begin with. As time passed though, her insinuations grew stronger. She would compliment me on my hair, always worn in spikes as it was just the right length, or on my eyes. I could never figure out her infatuation with dark green eyes but it suited me just fine. 

We were sitting on the couch one day, watching some daytime soap or another, they all really blur together in my mind, when she commented on one of the male actors. It was simple enough, she mentioned that he had the perfect build, strong yet lanky, and I simply agreed. Maybe I just never gave Kendra enough credit in the department of intelligence. That or I was really that obvious in my day to day tasks.

It was not as if I had never been called on it before, I just like to think that I don't act so stereotypical that everyone's gaydar is set off whenever I walk past them. Usually the first thing someone will notice about me is my rambunctious nature. Call it living a second childhood if you will. Past that they'd probably only see some kid who was just dying to get laid at any chance possible. Few ever questioned who I would go to in order to get laid. 

"I have a friend that looks just like that you know. Only his hair is a little longer and he has tattoos. You really should meet him sometime, I think you two would get along well." she offered with a slight smile.

"I have no idea what you're talking about. I mean, I would understand if you were suggesting that if I were trying to cast someone in a soap opera that needed to look like that but aside from that..." the words trailed as I felt her eyes staring at me, dropping my focus to the smirk she wore I knew I had been caught. "Well Hell. How'd you know?"

"Kenneth! I've hung off of you for at least a month now, giving you every opportunity in the world to have me, and yet you look at me like I am some innocent being. How could I not know?" she laughed lightly at this.

"If you're so smart, why'd you waste your time?" was my reply, both of us laughing now even though I thought it was slightly awkward. I was not sure if I really wanted to meet any friend of hers, especially not one who might take a liking to me. That would be going against my word.

****

"So out of the blue, just like that, after everything you two had been through, she dumped you? That makes no fucking sense man." I shook my head and raised the glass to my lips. The silk of the drink washed over my tongue but burned as it slid down my throat. I never did understand the opposite sex- probably why I avoided relationships with them all my life. 

"Yep. Just like that." he replied with a sort of distant look, picking his glass up and shaking it lightly before setting it back down on the counter. "Just like that."

I don't know why I agreed to let Kendra introduce us but I'm not sorry, not really. Jack and I get along better than I ever thought we would. We hadn't been friends very long but the bond was instantaneous. For the first while he knew me he kept pushing that I was in fact gay, even though Kendra swore up and down she never said anything about it. He would often corner me whenever we were out together and whisper things to try to turn me on, going so far as planting a kiss on my mouth once when I was least expecting it. I kindly pushed him away and went on with my business. He, on the other hand, was never really satisfied. 

"How many is that now Jack?" I joked as I pointed to his half empty glass. "Four? Five? I lost count a while back." 

"Doesn't matter. I hold my alcohol well. Don't even feel different!" he laughed again, spinning slightly on his bar stool to face me. "Thanks for coming out with me mate." 

I just nodded and shrugged it off, offering him a rather boyish smile as I tipped the glass up to finish off my drink. Setting it back down on the counter I felt that moment of hesitation as I glanced over to catch him eyeing me once more, like I've seen him do before. 

"Come home with me tonight. I've got better stuff than this at my place." he said as he stood, tossing a few bills on the bar to cover both our drinks and a fair tip. "What's your experience with wine?"

"I guess I don't have one?" I shrugged lightly, never having really been offered wine before and certainly never having opted for it in lieu of any other alcohol.

"I've got a bottle of wine that's like...you wouldn't believe." his eyes lit up as he said this, for whatever reason, and I found myself smiling. 

Not wanting to let my friend down I stood and stretched. "Lead the way, Captain Jack." What an amusing inside joke that was. As flamboyant in his every day life and as attractive as Captain Jack Sparrow, he was able to attract just about anyone he wanted no matter their gender. 

Once we arrived at his apartment I went to sprawl across his couch as I normally do, he taking to the kitchen like a good host would. I watched as he took out two glasses from the cupboard, retrieved the said bottle of wine, and laughed when it was uncorked. He brought both glasses to the couch and I made room for him as well, raising my glass and lowering my head a little. "To new beginnings!" 

He smiled slyly and raised his glass, repeating my words and then drinking from it slowly. Off in my happy, slightly intoxicated world, I did not even notice the look he was giving me as I leaned over and away from him to set my glass on the end table. It was a stretch that forced me to turn away from him but I made it without spilling. My thought process not having advanced far enough even consider sliding over the length of the couch first and in the process I ended up giving him quite an eyeful.

In the time it took to make sure the glass would not tip over, to sit back up, and to pull my shirt down a little so I felt alright again he had set his glass down and changed his entire position. Needless to say I was a little surprised to see him sitting nearly sideways on the couch when I looked over at him.

"Do you remember that day I came to see you play basketball in the park? Against some of those high school kids?" he asked me, seemingly out of nowhere.

"Yeah. I kicked all their asses! Thought they could take ME on and win. Pfft." I snickered as I often sounded full of myself, even though I really wasn't. It was just part of my personality. You are what you believe and all that psychological garbage. 

"Halfway through you took off your shirt. I've wanted you since then." 

Hold the phone. Did he just say he wanted me? No wonder he came to mind when Kendra and I were discussing hot soap opera stars. Again, as I warned you, I was not the brightest crayon in the box. I had figured she simply meant she knew someone similar in looks to that guy, not she knew someone that looked good and could possibly be interested in me. So far as I knew I was the only gay man in this city. Of course, I don't really know much now do I?

He must have sensed something was off because he quickly started talking again. I hoped he would stop soon though. With the alcohol in my system and this attractive man's accented voice, I doubted I could keep up my facade and my composure all at the same time. I didn't really hear anything he had to say. I just heard the voice he said them in. And I watched him, oh did I watch him. It wasn't as if I never noticed him before. He was a sight to see. From the shaggy dark hair to the cold, grey eyes, the long, lanky body with just enough muscle tone to let you know he could hold his own in a fight. 

My eyes must have lingered over his body a minute too long because when my eyes met his he had that look. He knew and I knew. He started to lean in to kiss me, I saw it coming in my head seconds before it actually happened and I stood up quickly, grabbing up my glass from the end table and walking to the kitchen. "You know, I think I need some more of that wine."

Thoughts rushing around, my head was spinning as I turned my back to him, attempting to pour the wine into my glass without spilling it all over his counter. This was exactly what I wanted, wasn't it? Hadn't I spent nights upon nights imagining what he looked like partially dressed, with his tie loosened, with his dress shirt opened, untucked from his pants? And after that image had worn its place out in my mind had I not pictured him undressing for me? My own personal show. And every time it came time to lower his pants I would picture the way his boxers looked as they tried to conceal his hard cock. And from there I would make a date with Jack, in my own mind and in my own apartment of course, and he would satisfy all my sexual desires. Was this not really the reason I came back with him?

Minutes must have passed, my hand clutching the neck of the bottle tightly, the smooth glass beneath my fingers when I felt warm breath against my neck. I tensed and my breath caught in my lungs. I set the bottle down as gently as I could as I felt his hands on my sides. I closed my eyes, I tried to picture exactly what was happening in my mind as it was happening. His soft, whispering voice only sent me further into this state of desire I was experiencing.

"I know you want me Kenneth. I've seen the way you look at me. You try to tell me you're straight but I'll be damned if I've ever seen you look at a girl the way you look at me." he ended his statement with a flick of his tongue to my ear, sending a surge of electricity through my body. I didn't want to open my eyes, I didn't want to turn around, but I had to breathe. And I finally did, exhaling a long breath.

His hands started to work down my sides, slowly, as he leaned into me more than before. I could feel his chest pressing against the backs of my shoulders as his hands started inwards on my body, knowing that they would meet right over my hardening cock. I was soon to be discovered, my act, my true feelings, my lies were all about to be exposed along with my hard on. So I turned around, quickly, feeling almost as if I had just burst through a barrier of time. My eyes could not meet his, I stared at his collar bone as I spoke. 

"Yes, Jack. I'm as queer as they come. You've been right all along. Congratulations." It was an admission of defeat. I had played his game and he had played mine and in the end I lost. He found out who I really was no matter how hard I tried to hide it. He might not have even meant to find it out but he did, and in a drunken stupor at that. My hand trailed away from the glass it had lingered on and now lay flat on the countertop, the silence of the room buzzing in my ears as I waited for whatever would happen next. A laugh, a victory dance, perhaps both at the same time.

In one hesitant movement he leaned in and placed his lips against mine. It was not the first time, as I said before, but it was moving. It wasn't a kiss to try to get me to react, to get me to confess to something he wanted to hear. This was a kiss of passion, the kind that sent me swirling into an entirely different state of mind. Never had I been kissed with such feeling and after my initial shock of such a movement I returned it. I parted my lips slightly and took his bottom lip between my own, tasting the wine left against the inside of his lip. My cock strained against the confines of my pants and my hands gripped the slippery surfaced counter. 

His tongue pressed in through my lips, unexpectedly but not unwelcomed. The bump of the metal through his tongue clicked against my teeth, pressing in faster then I accepting what was happening. Involuntarily it seemed, my mouth opened to greet him, my own tongue reaching for his, the tips touching, our tongues twisting around one another's. And then the utter desire finally swept over me. I leaned into him, pushed my tongue forth, and we dueled the most intense, passionate duel of my life. I reached out and placed a hand to his side, drawing him into me. He moved without reluctance, his hands going to cup the sides of my face. My hand slid down to feel his ass, another surge of want coursing through my body. Our lower bodies pressed together and I could feel his erection as well. 

In an instant after the kiss ended his mouth was on my neck. I threw my head back and felt my body sinking a little, overcome with a sensation of pleasure. He nibbled and then sucked, I could almost feel the skin bruising in his mouth and I wanted to rub myself against him, to try to relieve some of my pent up tension. He worked lower and kisseed along my collar bone as his hands trailed down my chest, tweaking at my nipples and then pressing against my stomach. I inhaled sharply as I knew what he was after. I wasn't sure if I was ready, if I could do that just yet. Before I could say anything though he unfastened my pants, drew down the zipper, and freed my cock from behind the thick material of denim.

Pushing a hand up under my shirt I felt him tracing the lines of definition in my stomach, his other hand wrapping around my tool. The friction of my boxers against my hardness caused me to lurch a little, pressing into his hand as I gasped with pleasure. It was the exact opposite reaction I had meant to make. I wanted to pull away and tell him to stop but instead I was now pushing into his hand and encouraging him any way I could. I felt his mouth against my bare stomach in one minute and in the next it was at the elastic of my boxers, pulling them down over the head of my cock. All that came to mind at that minute was 'Talent. He definately has talent.'

My tool throbbed, his mouth hovered over it, and up until this point in my life I had only imagined what it would be like to be with another man. Seconds later my questions were answered as I felt the head of my tool slip into his warm, slick mouth. It was ecstacy, pure and simple. I know I let out a moan, even though I had meant to keep all noises to myself for fear of looking too eager, too ambitious. His tongue worked over my soft flesh with a skill uncomprehendable to my perverse mind. The constant circling of my member by his tongue left me with little will power whatsoever, the last of which I had pushed inwards. He didn't seem to mind though as he just bobbed lower and lower until I actually felt myself tap the back of his throat. I muttered to myself and finally decided to let my friend in on the fact that I was about to shoot my load down his throat. A mental debate rushed through my mind at the very last second. I was sure if I pulled back hard and fast I could get out of his mouth and he wouldn't have to swallow. He continued his efforts and I just let go, feeling the warmth shoot through my swollen cock in thick, long spurts, gasping and panting and leaning my weight against the counter so I would not collapse. I hadn't come that hard in forever. The energy was draining from me and so the only natural thing I could think to do was sink to my knees, escaping the pleasure of his mouth as I went.

I attempted to loosen his belt but in all honesty, my fingers were a little shaky. I was both nervous and excited, spent and horny. I wanted to give back to him what he had just given me. Naturally I grew rather frustrated in a short period of time and was thankful when he removed it for me in two simple movements. I was able to regain my composure and managed to get his pants unfastened in a reasonable amount of time. I slowly slid them off his narrow hips and took in the sight before me. Slowly I pulled his boxers away from his body and over his erection. I had assumed we would be about the same size, being about the same height and all, and was pleasantly surprised. He was actually an inch or two more and thicker than I had pictured. Apprehension struck as I tried to figure out how I was going to take all of him in my mouth but before I could back out I saw the object of my lust. A pearl of precum had emerged and without even thinking my tongue slipped from between my lips and licked it up. 

With my hands on his hips I leaned in and licked again at the head of his cock. And then I took my first cock. I tongued at him lightly and then imitated his motions, swirling my tongue around and running the tip of it against the sensitive ridge of skin. Holding him still proved to take effort as I could feel him wanting to plunge deep into my throat. Knowing I couldn't take it though I just worked on getting as much of it in as I could. I used my tongue to press him up to the roof of my mouth and then slide him out entirely. Slipping him back in I let my tongue roll over the treat in my mouth, again able to feel the urgency in his sporatic movements. His hands were on my head, winding my hair lightly around his fingers. Bobbing lower, I found that I could take in more than I initially thought I could. 

"More Kenneth. Please." While I knew he was close and was going to need something else to send him over I really couldn't offer any more without gagging. He started rocking lightly and I pulled away from him, licking at him eagerly until I looked up and finally spoke.

"It's...my first time Jack." I nearly dropped my eyes, almost feeling ashamed for not being able to give him what he gave me but then I would have missed his reassuring smile. 

Wrapping his fingers around his own tool he guided it back to my mouth which I opened willingly. Mostly I just held my head still and let him fuck me as he saw fit. He would thrust in a little deeper and I would concentrate on breathing, exhaling, and not choking. I really didn't mind, I liked being used like this, I liked being used by him. All at once he dropped his hand from his cock and placed it on top of my head, along with his other. I felt his fingers dig into my scalp and I raised my hands to his ass, giving a little squeeze as I sucked on him for all I was worth. His low grunting drove me wild as he gave one final thrust as deep into my mouth as he could. Holding himself there as I felt him explode first, then tasted the sweet salty reward for my efforts. Unable to swallow everything he unloaded into my mouth I felt a small mixture of seed and saliva dribble out the corner of my mouth. While I was able to wipe the cum from my mouth, I was uanble to wipe the smile from my face.

"My experience with wine, Jack, is rather good."