 We both woke up about the same time, before the alarm went off. As we were both still naked, I could feel Williams's hard cock poking me between my legs. I began nibbling playfully on his ear lobe, as I slid my hand down to play with his cock.

I thoroughly enjoyed the texture and comforting feeling I got whenever I touched him, especially when my lips were around him. As I gently stroked him, I felt him become more awake as he snuggled against me. 

Putting my arm under, then around him, I rolled him on top of me, enjoying his weight pressing down on me.

He pressed his lips to mine. 

I didn't resist, as I slid my tongue between his thick lips, sucking gently on his lower lip as I did so. I could feel his hard rod poking me in my stomach, as it looked for a warm moist place to go into.

"Hmmm, I want to feel you in me" he breathed into my ear.

I was cupping his muscular ass cheeks, kneading them and sliding my finger in to touch his sensitive asshole. He murmured gasps of pleasure each time I touched his opening, accompanying it with a little push against me with his now leaking cock.

We kissed some more as he ground his member into me. 

I placed my middle finger in my mouth, sucking on it, getting it slippery with my saliva, before placing it back against his hole, and with my tongue buried deep in his mouth, I slowly pushed into his ass.

A long, low moan escaped from William as I fingered his asshole, pushing in then pulling out like a miniature cock fucking him.

"Please," he said, "don't tease me. Lube me up and fuck my ass. I want to feel you inside of me. I want warm cum in me for my trip home."

I rolled him off of me onto his back. Kissing his lips, I grasped his dripping cock, stroking him. I kissed my way down his body, kissing his chin line, following it to his neck. Nibbling on his neck, I moved up to his ear lobe.

William arched his back with pleasure as I lightly ran the tip of my tongue around his inner ear.

As he slowly sank back onto his back, I moved to his chest licking and sucking both of his nipples in turn, resulting in him putting a death lock on my head, holding me to him as I suckled his nipples.

Pushing away, I moved to his naval, and spent a short time alternating between fucking it with my tongue, and sucking it into my mouth.

When I'd had enough, I picked my head up and noticed his throbbing, rock hard, purple cock leaking precum from its opening. 

My mouth began watering, I immediately took him into my mouth. Artier I cleaned his cock of its tasty spending's, I drove my mouth downward, impaling my throat upon his cock.

My own cock, already quite firm, hardened quickly as William's precum hit my taste buds. 

Impaled upon his cock, I could hardly breathe. I made no effort to pull off, THIS was where I wanted to be. 

My mouth, Williams cock. Mmmmmmmm.

After sucking him for nowhere nearly as long as I really wanted to, I reluctantly pulled my mouth off of him, and reached into the nightstand for our tube of lube.

As I turned back, William was looking into my eyes. Yes" he silently mouthed.

I rolled him over on his stomach, and, parting his ass cheeks moved my mouth to his hole. I stiffened it like a blunt spear, and began probing his tight hole, trying to relax him. 

I could feel his sphincter trying to grab the tip of my tongue as I ate his ass. I pushed in, his ring tightened on my tongue, I placed my lips against his asshole and sucked, drawing his ring of muscle into my mouth. 

William moaned in pleasure.

After doing this for a while, I found I could easily fuck William's asshole with my tongue. I decided he was ready for more.

I squeezed a dab of lube onto my finger, and pushed it into his hole. Deep. William moaned his approval as I fucked him with my finger, rubbing his prostate as I did so.

Satisfying myself that he was relaxed, I began to pull away, when I had a thought. I really, really felt like pounding him one last time before we left for home. 

Not wishing to hurt him, I pushed the nozzle of the tube into his slippery, open hole, and proceeded to squeeze the remaining lube into William's asshole.

William responded with a loud, low moan, as the cooling effect of the lube filled his colon. Withdrawing the tube from his ass, I turned William over on his back, his rampant, purple headed cock pointing straight up. I lowered my mouth, and took him inside for a quick suck.

I reached down, and picked his ass off the bed, aligning his lube filled hole with the end of my dripping, hard cock. Looking into his eyes, I slowly buried myself into William until my balls rested against his ass.

I wasn't sure what I wanted to do would work, but I slowly lowered him down onto the bed, trying to keep myself within his ass. Keeping his legs spread, I mounted him like he was a girl, face to face. Like he was my bitch.

As I laid down on him, his still rock hard cock was pushed down between our two bodies. I moved my lips to his, as I began to slowly, rhythmically, ride him.

I ground myself deep into him, or at least as deep as I could, our male physiology restricting us somewhat, feeling his hard cock between us. While I couldn't deny the pleasure I received from burying myself in Williams's ass, the additional rubbing of his hard, leaking cock, sandwiched between us, added to our sensory overload.

As I slowly slid in and out of his tight hole, I could feel William squeezing my cock with his ass muscles. Gripping me like a velvet glove he stroked my shaft as much as I stroked his ass.

The extra lube I squirted into his colon added eroticism, also. The squish, squish, sucking sound, as if I were walking through ankle deep mud, as I pulled out of his ass, was intensely erotic also. I resisted the impulse to fuck faster, wanting to prolong the pleasurable feeling flowing from my groin through my body.

Judging by how William was moaning, how he had wrapped his arms and legs around me, and the gentle humping he was doing as we fucked, he was enjoying himself as much as I was. We moved together as if we were long time lovers, instead of two men recently discovering their homosexual feelings.

While I would have been willing to continue our sex play for hours, as I am sure William was, my body began to betray me, giving in to the mounting urgency of needing to breed him. 

At that moment, William began to cum. The greasy, slippery cum shot out of his cock, the warm fluids flowing between us like an expensive body lotion. As he orgasmed, his ass clenched my cock harder and drove me to release my load of semen, bathing his insides, breeding him as if he were my woman.

As we lay resting after the strenuous act we had just performed, worn and sweating, William relaxed the hold he had on me, and we kissed. 

My cock, soft after having performed admirably in its insemination duties, popped out of William's ass. A farting sound accompanied the expulsion, my semen pouring out of his gaping hole to soak the sheets and mattress beneath us.

Nothing was said as we cuddled in the afterglow. We finally began moving, wanting to get to our last morning activities. We knew we'd missed breakfast, but both felt it worth missing, besides, we knew there would be pastries at break.

We rose from the bed, and stumbled into the bathroom, William rubbing my back and shoulders while I adjusted the water temperature for our shower.

When the temperature was right, we entered the refreshing spray, and took turns soaping each other. Paying attention to each other's male parts, possibly more than we needed to, I stroked his cock, and fingered his asshole. 

Amazingly, he began to get firm. Without thinking, I dropped to my knees, and took him into my mouth, caressing the head gently, tasting a drop of his semen on my tongue. I took him deeper, enjoying how the head of his cock was forced into my throat. My lips touched the base of his cock as I sucked him. I began moving my mouth up and down on him, urging him to give me any semen he had left inside of him. I was rewarded shortly with a rather small, but much appreciated spurt of cum in my mouth. 

Standing, I said thank you as we rinsed off and left the shower.

We both shaved quickly, and packed our bags ready to leave for home.

It was agreed, without words, that we were both looking forward to next years conference.