 I suggest you read Wings of Gray before you try reading this, otherwise you wont get most of what's going on. Enjoy :)

I hope this satisfies everyone's burning need for a happily ever after, and I hope this also helps people see what would happen IF Alex hadn't ended up the way he did at the end of Wings of Gray.

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Alex tried to sit up as Mike came in carrying a tray of food, toast in his mouth.

"You know, I think I'm healthy enough to go eat breakfast downstairs with you guys." Alex smiled.

"I'm not risking it, let me baby you while I can." Mike said, around his mouth full of Alex's toast. "Now drink your milk." He took a bite from the toast and put the rest down on the tray.

"I don't like milk." Alex frowned.

"To bad, drink it." Mike smiled and left the room. 

It was a month ago that Alex had been shot. Randall had missed. He was aiming for Alex's chest, meaning to kill, but instead hit his shoulder. His right shoulder was shattered and it took a team of surgeons to repair it. He had been released from the hospital two days ago, and had come home to Mike's warm parents, and Mikes warmer bed. He had physical therapy in a few months, and the doctors said it would be another three to four months before he would be able to lose the sling. They thought he would get full use of his arm back. It was a miracle. Randall had been arrested and this time Alex didn't hesitate pressing charges. He wouldn't be leaving prison for a long time, since he was over eighteen. 

Alex shifted in the bed again, trying to get comfortable, when Mike came in and rolled his eyes. He grabbed Alex around the waist and helped lift him up, adjusting so his wings would be comfortable in the bed.

"Thank you." Alex smiled.

"Of course, baby." Mike smiled and kissed his lips firmly. Mike had been a wreck when he found out what happened. He was pulled from school for a month to watch over Alex. His parents tried to convince him to go back, but he would leave in the middle of first period to come watch over Alex. He wasn't sleeping well, and would watch Alex like the hawk he was paired with.

"You should get some rest, you didn't go to bed last night." 

"How did you know that?" Mike frowned.

"I know." Alex smiled.

"I'm fine. Besides, I have laundry to do and your bandage needs to be changed, and-"

"Mike. Get some sleep. All that can wait. Don't make me worry about you." Alex smiled and stroked Mikes face. Mike sighed and kissed Alex again.

"Scoot over?" He gave a sheepish smile. Alex laughed and tried to slide over, with the help of Mike. Mike climbed into bed and curled up next to Alex.

"Are you okay?" Mike asked.

"I'm fine, Mike. Stop treating me like a porcelain doll." He laughed.

"I just worry."

"I know you do." Alex kissed him. "I worry about you too." Alex lifted his left arm and wrapped it around Mike's shoulders.

"I love you, Alex." Mike said.

"I love you, too." Alex cooed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alex rolled his shoulder as it was removed from the sling. It was painful, and stiff. He grunted and put a hand over his shoulder.

"Physical therapy should help with all of that." The doctor said. He felt Alex's shoulder gently, feeling for anything amiss.

"So he'll have full use of his arm?"

"He should." The doctor nodded. Mike smiled and hugged Alex tightly. Alex spread his wings and wrapped them around Mike's shoulders. Mike loved the feeling of Alex's soft wings. He rubbed his face in the soft feathers and smiled.

"You'll start Physical therapy on Monday." The doctor wrote down the time and Alex accepted it.

"How about some celebratory Chinese food?" Mike smiled. Alex nodded excitedly and the family walked out of the hospital. They were walking down the street to their favorite Chinese food place, when they saw a familiar face.

"Ethan..." Mike glared, and Alex could see the anger in his eyes.

"Mike. Don't." Alex stood in front of him.

"That asshole." Mike stepped towards Ethan."

"Mike, don't do anything stupid." Alex begged.

"He's out here shopping while you're getting out of the hospital!?" Mike was almost shouting. Mike moved past Alex and walked up to Ethan who hadn't even noticed them yet. When Mike was only a few feet away, Ethan looked up.

"Mike..." His eyes got wide before he was met with Mike's fist in his mouth. He fell back, mouth bleeding.

"Mike! Stop it!" Alex stood in front of Mike again.

"Move, Alex." Mike said, eyes focused only on Ethan.

"No." Alex said softly.

"I said move!" Mike turned to him and shouted.

"And I said no!" Alex yelled louder. Mike stopped and looked at him with pained eyes. 

"He tried to take you away from me." Mike's jaw shook before he looked down and tears started falling from his eyes. "They both tried to take you away from me. And they almost did." Mike sobbed. Ethan stared up at them as Alex held Mike's head to his chest. "God, Alex. I almost lost you." Mike cried. "I was so close to losing you!" He sobbed. Alex brought his face up and wiped his tears away with his wing.

"But you didn't." Alex said softly. "And beating Ethan up isn't going to help. The only thing it will do is make you exactly like him." Alex said. Mike nodded. He stood up straight and looked over at Ethan.

"You're a horrible human being. I don't think you even have the right to be called human." Mike said, simply. "If you ever come near us again, even if it's by accident. You better pray Alex is there to stop me." Mike said in a cold whisper. Ethan nodded quickly and watched them walk away.

"I'm proud of you. It takes a strong man to beat the crap out of somebody. It takes a better man to not." Alex stood on his tip toes and kissed Mike's jaw. Mike hugged him to his side, careful of his injured shoulder, and rubbed his head in his hair.Grateful for what he still had.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Christmas was coming up. Alex had spent the afternoon hanging up decorations with Mike and his family, though with his injured shoulder he stuck to decorating the tree with Mike's mother. He sat down once the tree was done and rubbed his sore shoulder tenderly.

"You okay?" Mike asked, sitting behind him on the couch and giving him a massage.

"Yeah, that feels better. You're the best." Alex leaned his head back on Mike's chest.

"I know. You can pay me back in Christmas gifts." Mike kissed his temple, making Alex giggle.

"What do you want for Christmas?" Alex asked.

"It's no fun if I tell you." Mike smiled. "But you haven't gotten me something yet?" He added.

"No, it's not like you've gotten me anything." Alex rolled his eyes.

"Yes I have." Mike said. Alex turned around so fast he could have given himself whiplash.

"What?" He said, worry scribbled all over his face.

"I've already gotten you your Christmas presents." Mike shrugged.

"But I don't even know what I'm going to get you! And Christmas is only a week away!" Alex stood up, and grabbed his keys.

"I need to go shopping!" He was headed out the door.

"Wait, driving will only hurt your shoulder." Mike chased after him.

"You cant come with me! You'll see what I'm getting you!" Alex said, though he had no idea what he was going to get Mike.

"I'll go with you, Alex." Mike's mother smiled and put on her shoes.

"Thank you mom." Mike kissed her. She smiled and nodded and followed Alex out the door.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Alex sipped a bottle of water as Mike's mother drove.

"So what are you going to get him?" She asked.

"I have no idea." Alex admitted.

"Has he mentioned anything that he wants?" 

"Nothing. All he does is worry about me." Alex laughed.

"He's definitely a worrier. He gets that from his father." She winked at Alex.

"Do you have any ideas?" Alex asked.

"Hm...Well, get him a nice watch or something." She suggested.

"He doesn't like watches. Besides, he always has his phone with him." Alex shrugged.

"Go to a sex shop and get something for both of you." She said. Alex coughed and spit water everywhere. He choked for awhile until he finally caught his breath. All the coughing hurt his shoulder.

"What!?" He shouted, looking at her like he was insane.

"Oh come on, Alex. Don't you think I know what goes on behind closed doors. I do have a son, you know." She smiled at him.

"What is wrong with your generation." Alex laughed.

"Aren't I supposed to be the one saying that?" 

"I'm not the one who mentioned the-" Alex went silent as she pulled into the half empty parking lot. He stared up at the blinking sign and sighed.

"Oh god, there's no way I can shop in there with you." He blushed and put his head in his hands.

"Oh don't worry, I'll be shopping for my own things." She winked at him and got out of the car. Alex stared after her with a horrified look.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

Alex's eyes were wide as he walked up and down the isles of sex toys, magazines, videos, and things he couldn't even name. He looked at the rows of dildo's, anal beads, cock rings, and more with awe. He was blushing heavily and felt like everyone in the tiny store was looking at him, though most of them were keeping to themselves. He picked up a HUGE thirteen inch dildo and set it down again, shivering. He was looking at flavored condoms when something caught his eye. 

He walked over to the role playing costumes and got a small smile on his face. They had never tried role playing. It was something somewhat kinky, but not as scary as a thirteen inch rubber cock. He looked through the many outfits and was considering which one to get when his shopping buddy walked up behind him silently.

"What about the fireman? Mike has always loved Firemen." She laughed. Alex jumped and blushed even harder.

"I don't know, I think I would be to embarrassed to buy anything.

"Oh come on, Alex. Everyone has a kinky side." She smiled at him and began looking through costumes with him. In the end, they bought the fireman costume, a pair of VERY tight orange briefs, and an orange jock strap to match his eyes. He got home, locked Mike in their room, and began wrapping his presents. He hoped Mike would like them. After he had wrapped them, he headed up to see Mike.

"Can I come out now?" Mike looked up over the magazine he was reading.

"Yes." Alex blushed. Mike smiled and hugged Alex tightly.

"I love you." He sniffed his vanilla scented shampoo.

"I love you, too. Merry Christmas." Alex smiled.

"Merry Christmas, baby." Mike hugged him and dragged him back into their bed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Christmas finally rolled around and Alex sat between Mike's legs, watching everyone exchange gifts. They sat quietly while his mother and father traded watch and perfume, and other gifts. Finally, his mother picked up a present and handed it to Mike's dad. She whispered something in his ear before he blushed and put the present aside to open later. Mike raised an eyebrow and saw Alex blushing. Alex grabbed his own special presents and handed them to Mike who stuck his finger under the corner of one.

"Wait." Alex said softly. "Open these later...When we're alone." He blushed. Mike raised an eyebrow again, and with a sly smile, put them to the side. He kissed Alex warmly and the couple moved to search through their stockings. Alex pulled out an envelope in his stocking.

"That's your Christmas present, I just worried it would get lost under all the other ones under the tree." Mike smiled. Alex looked up at him with his wide orange eyes before opening the envelope with delicate hands. He pulled out the picture inside. He raised an eyebrow as he flipped over the plain picture and was presented with a somewhat run down house.

"What's this?" Alex asked, beginning to think it was a shitty Christmas present.

"It's our new home." Mike smiled. Alex froze. Home?

"W-what?" He stuttered.

"Mike bought it with his college fund." His mother said from the couch. Alex looked up at Mike.

"You what?" He was still in shock.

"Only half of it. Mom and Dad agreed to help me with the other half since I put in all the money for the college fund." Mike said.

"W-what?" Alex stuttered again.

"I bought us a house, Alex. I want us to move in together as soon as Christmas is over." Mike said, beginning to worry Alex didn't want to move in with him.

"You...You used...bought....," He began mumbling incoherently. "College...House?" Alex choked out the last word.

"babe, we talked about this. English. Real sentences." Mike gave a worried smile. Alex looked down at the picture and looked up and was crying. "If you don't want to move in with me, it's fine... I just thought we had gotten to a point in our relationship where-" He was silenced when Alex tackled him to the ground with a hug. He cried into his chest in large sobs.

"You want to move in with me?" Alex smiled into Mike's chest.

"You're happy?"

"You've made me the happiest person alive." Alex smiled. He looked back down at the picture. 

"That was a few weeks ago. I've been working on it since then. It still needs some work, but it's decent enough to live in now." Mike smiled at Alex.

"God, I love you so much." Alex said. "Oh my god, we're going to live together! Our own home! OUR home!!" He squealed.

"Yep, all ours." Mike kissed him. Alex sighed.

"How the hell was my gift supposed to compare to this?" Alex waved the picture around.

"You agreeing to move in with me is a big enough present.

"Don't worry Mike, I was there when he bought it. I know you're going to love it." His mother smiled and walked into the kitchen to start dinner. Alex turned bright red and his large wings stretched over to cover his face. Mike laughed and began pulling chocolate out.

They sat there, snacking on peppermint and chocolate, watching a children's Christmas movie on T.V.

"What are you thinking about?" Alex looked up at Mike. His feathers were ruffled and he was flexing his wings against Mike's chest.

"Wondering what treasures are hidden in those presents you wont let me open in front of anyone." Mike smiled. Alex blushed and played with Mikes bigger hand.

"When can we move?" Alex asked, the thought of their new home making his heart flutter.

"I told you, right after Christmas." Mike smiled, glad Alex was so eager.

"And it's close enough to the campus that we wont have any trouble getting to classes on time?" Alex worried.

"It's kind of far, but it's near a bunch of bus routes, so we should be fine." Mike smiled. Alex cuddled deeper into his chest.

"Good, it's going to be perfect." Alex said dreamily. Suddenly he sat up, hitting Mike in the stomach as he pushed himself up. "Can we have a dog?" He shouted. "I've always wanted a dog!" Alex's eyes were wide with excitement.

"I don't know, do you think we'll have time?" Mike asked. "I don't want to get one and just leave it at home alone all the time." Mike worried.

"I'm sure we'll have time!" Alex begged. 

"What about a cat?" Mike asked. "Low maintenance." He joked. Alex frowned.

"Right right, no cats." Mike blushed. "Sorry." He apologized, running his fingers down the scars across Alex's back, through his shirt.

"It's okay." Alex said.

"Sure, we can get a dog. Not a big one though, I don't want to have to take it for a run every five minutes and there isn't that big of a yard." Mike said.

"It has a yard?" Alex beamed. "I'm gonna have a garden. With a pond...and Koi fish!" Alex laid back on Mike's chest.

"I'm glad I made you happy, baby." Mike kissed his temple.

"So happy." Alex snuggled into his neck. Mike held him as the movie played in the background, neither of them really watching.

"Mike?" Alex said, quietly.

"Yeah?"

"Do you want to go open your presents now?" Alex asked. Mike smiled and nodded. They stood up, and Alex pulled him by the hand, up to their room. He put the presents in Mike's hands and sat down on the bed. Mike smiled and unwrapped the first one. He pulled out the small orange jock and smiled.

"Oh you're going to LIVE in this." He looked up at Alex. Alex blushed and looked at the ground.

"Open the others." Alex urged.

"Alright alright, don't get your jock strap in a twist." Mike winked. Alex buried his head in his wing, embarrassed. Mike opened the orange briefs next.

"Oh man, Merry Christmas to me!" He smiled.

"Which one do you want to see first? I'll go change while you open the third." Alex smiled. Mike held out the jock with a smile. Alex blushed and grabbed it from his hand quickly, before dashing into the bathroom.

Alex stripped quickly and slid on the orange jock that was the exact same shade as his eyes. He looked at himself in the mirror and all he saw was the scars that littered his body. He felt his heart sink. But he knew. He knew Mike saw something else. Something he didn't see. Something beautiful.

"Holy Jesus!" He heard Mike shout from the bedroom, he had unwrapped his last present. Alex exhaled and stepped out into their bedroom slowly. Mike looked up from the skimpy fireman outfit and his jaw dropped. Alex used his gray wings to cover as many of his scars as he could.

"God, you are so beautiful." Mike said, quietly amazed. He put down the fireman costume and stood up, walking slowly over to Alex. He touched his silky wing and pushed it away from his bare chest. He brushed his hand across his naked chest and down to his navel. Alex's wings were unfolded behind him, twitching and jumping with anticipation.

"I don't know how something so beautiful could exist in this world, and still have it be such a dark place." Mike ran his finger across the bullet wound in Alex's shoulder. The look in his eyes made Alex feel amazing. He smiled and fell into Mike's arms. Mike tilted his head up and kissed him warmly, showing him all of his love. Mike began crawling down his body and ended up at his pink nipples. Mike bit and nibbled at the perky nubs and Alex tossed his head back and moaned.

"Mike..."

"Let me have you. You're just so beautiful." Mike begged.

"Okay..." Alex whispered. Mike brought him over to the bed and set him down. Alex laid on his back on the bed, wiggling in anticipation. Mike moved down his body slowly, playing with the light pink peaks, and then down to his navel. He followed the trail of light black hair down to his jock clad cock. He sucked Alex's cock through the tight fabric of the jock and Alex nearly went insane. The wet heat on the head of his cock made him buck and thrust against Mike's mouth.

"Mike... I need you! Please!" Alex whined. His nipples were hard and his cock was harder. Mike flipped him over and exposed his tight asshole. The pink twitching hole looked delicious and Mike couldn't help but dive down and suck and lick the beautiful opening. Alex moaned and bucked against Mike's warm tongue.

"God, you're so hot." Mike smiled. "And so god damn sexy." He bit at the jock strap.

"You like it?"

"I love it. Just like I love you. I love you so damn much, Alex." Mike nipped at his neck and shoulders.

"Take me, please." Alex begged. Mike grabbed lube from the table next to his bed and squirted a fair amount on his cock and Alex's tight pink opening. Without any warning he thrust in halfway. Alex grunted loudly, being filled so suddenly.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes, please keep going." Alex wiggled his ass back onto Mike's hard cock.

"Damn, I love it when you beg." Mike kissed his ear lovingly. He buried himself in to the hilt before stopping. Suddenly he felt the need to move nice and slow. He pulled out his cock slowly, and paused for a minute with only the fat head of his cock inside Alex. Alex whimpered and wiggled with need. Mike pushed in slowly, a long moan forced out of Alex. He pulled out his cock and rolled Alex over onto his back. He bit and sucked on Alex's shoulders and neck and he fucked him gently and lovingly. Alex was panting and dizzy with need. After awhile of massaging his prostate with his hard cock, they were reaching climax fast. Mike held off as long as he could, making sure their release was beautiful. He grunted one more time before pulling out and cumming all over Alex's chest. Alex moaned loudly and exploded over himself and Mike. He tensed as his balls emptied over their bodies before collapsing back onto their pillows. He was dizzy and sleepy.
