 This is an ongoing story, it might be a good idea to read chapter 1 before continuing on.

*****

Winter Break

Chapter 2

The thing that Tom liked least about coming home after four years of college was the obligation he felt to reconnect with friends who had stayed back in Boston to either start their lives or go to college there. His friends were mixture of the two. At some point he would have to make time to visit the ones that had started families, but tonight he was headed to a bar near Boston College, where a few of his friends were anxiously waiting for him to tell them all about his California adventures. If they were looking for tales of him bedding beach bodied surfer dudes or secretly sexing up a closeted actor they were going to be disappointed. All Tom did in college was study. And while UCLA had its share of both beach bodied surfer dudes and wannabe actors, he did not attempt bed any of them. 

There was one thing about the night that had Tom in good spirits. Danny had agreed to come along. So when they entered the small college dive bar he did not have to put on a fake smile and pretend to be happy to be there. 

The questioning began the moment Tom sat down. He hadn't even had a sip of beer before Meghan started in on him.

"Were you at the beach every day? How hot were the guys there? How much ass did you get?"

"Jesus Meghan let the boy sit down," Andy tried to rescue him. 

"You have both known me long enough to know I didn't go to the beach," Tom answered once he was seated on a small wood chair at a small round table. He wondered if the chair was going to hold him, it was wobbly even in his sober state. And the table was entirely too small for the amount of alcohol he was going to need to get through this evening.

Danny returned with a pitcher of beer and sat opposite Tom. In a way Tom found this disappointing, but he would soon come to enjoy having Danny's expressive eyes looking back at him as he discussed his time in Los Angeles. Of course Danny knew the stories already. But he was just as enthralled in them, as if he was hearing them for the first time. Andy and Meghan nodded and laughed in all the proper places, but Tom could tell they were looking for much more than he was able to give them. 

"OK so before this evening is over, we find you a man," Meghan announced after Tom had finished his short tale of UCLA life. 

Tom shook his head in protest. "I'm not going to be in town long enough for that."

"Who said anything about long term?" Andy quipped.

Tom downed a third mug of beer and poured himself another. He knew exactly how much alcohol it would take to render him unable to follow through on the plans Andy and Meghan had for him. He had found out once, when the one time he ventured in to a frat party turned out to be the biggest mistake he made in all four years on campus and that included getting lost on his first day and showing up to his first class halfway through the lecture. 

He would not have to resort to that tonight. Danny, ever the big brother, especially under the watchful eyes of their friends, stepped up and put an end to the matchmaking plans by telling the girls that he was planning on stealing Tom away to New York for a while and promising them he would take up the mantle of finding Tom a nice suitable boy toy in the Big Apple. A small pang in Tom's heart wished that was true. 

Despite not having to drink a hundred beers, Tom was well plastered by the time he and Danny made their way back to Danny's car. 

"You did this on purpose," Danny teased as he guided Tom toward the passenger's side, his arm around Tom's waist keeping him upright.

"I don't know what you're talking about," Tom slurred as he fell into the seat. He held his breath as Danny leaned over him and buckled his seatbelt for him. Danny's musky cologne and sweat breath made Tom more dizzy than the beer had. He closed his eyes and rested his head against the seat and hoped the feeling would go away. Though he knew it wouldn't.

Tom must have fallen asleep, or passed out, or both, because the next thing he felt was Danny's gentle push on his shoulder and the faint "We're home," as he tried to get Tom to wake up.

"You're seriously going to have to sober up enough to walk your own ass into the house and up those stairs," Danny whispered as they made their way up the driveway toward the house. "I have not been able to carry you since you were fifteen."

A rush of images ran through Tom's mind as he tried to take in the cool air and get himself upright enough to make it to his room. Their room. His room. Whatever. Tom was fifteen and Danny was seventeen. Tom had broken his ankle trying to do a skateboard trick. Danny felt responsible for the accident, he knew Tom was trying to impress him. So Danny took it on himself to take extra care of Tom as he healed. That included carrying Tom up the stairs to his bedroom on more than one occasion. The memory shook him into enough sobriety to clumsily make it up the stairs. 

"If you want to sleep in your clothes that's okay with me but you are going to have to make room for me to sleep here too," Danny kicked Tom's foot. Tom had tripped through the door and fallen face first onto the bed. 

Tom moaned as he sat up and attempted to remove his jacket. A task that proved difficult. Danny shook his head and stood in front of Tom, grabbing a sleeve of the jacket and pulling it off on arm, then the other. He tossed the jacket aside and kneeled in front of Tom.

"I am going to do this, because, I don't know, because it's what I do, I take care of you," Danny whispered as he pulled Tom's sweater over his head. "Maybe you won't remember it in the morning. Maybe that's my hope." He left Tom's t-shirt on and went to work on his boots. Untying and pulling them off one at a time. Tom sat quietly, watching Danny undress him. Somewhere in his stupor he knew this was not how he saw this scene playing out. He tried to commit it to memory.

Danny's fingers reached for the button on Tom's jeans. This was getting to be too much. Tom grabbed Danny's wrists and pulled them away. "I can do it."

"I know you can, I am going to do it anyway," Danny whispered and went back to unbuttoning and unzipping Tom's fly. 

Sitting on the edge of the bed in his boxers and t-shirt with Danny on his knees in between his legs was definitely something Tom had fantasized about over the years. But here in the reality it scared the hell out of him. But his reality was blurred by alcohol and a need he had been pushing away for years. In a flash of bravery he sat forward and pressed his lips against Danny's.

Danny did not pull away. Instead, he waited to see where Tom was going with it. Tom let his liquid courage drive him forward, pressing harder with his lips, opening Danny's mouth with his tongue. Danny let him. And followed him into a deep passionate kiss.

Tom sat back and tried to steady his breathing. "I have to pee," he said suddenly, standing up too quickly and nearly falling over. He staggered his way to the bathroom. He really did need to pee. Before returning to his room Tom splashed cold water over his face and told himself that was enough, it had to be enough. Everything else he'd regret.

Danny was sitting at the edge of the bed when Tom returned to the room. "I'm sorry I ran off, I really did need to pee," Tom told him. He walked toward his side of the bed and sat down.

"I was worried it wasn't as good as you'd hoped." There was a tinge of hurt in Danny's voice.

Tom's heart sank. "It was better," Tom assured him.

Danny climbed into bed next to Tom and they laid back to back. Even though the room was spinning and his head was cloudy Tom could not fall asleep. He was not sure how long he had laid awake before he decided to make his move.

Danny's breathing was steady but not consistent which told Tom he was still awake. He turned over onto his other side. The one that meant he was facing Danny's back. He carefully wrapped his fingers around the hem of Danny's shirt and twisted it in his hand. His knuckles brushed against the warm skin underneath and his heart did backflips in his chest. Danny kept still and continued his steady breathing.

Danny's neck and shoulders were an open invitation to Tom's lips. He gently brushed them against Danny's warm skin and felt him shudder at the touch. He let go of Danny's shirt hem and slid his hand around and down toward the waistband of Danny's boxer briefs. The muscles in Danny's stomach danced under Tom's fingertips. Danny's breathing quickened but he remained still. 

The bulge in Danny's underwear fit perfectly in Tom's hand. He was still soft, still dormant. Tom wanted to change that. Fear threatened to derail his plans. What if Danny didn't get excited by Tom's touch? He shook off the thoughts and continued on, squeezing gently against Danny's dick and balls. Danny sucked in a breath and wrapped his fingers around Tom's forearm. Tom continued rubbing his palm against the material of Danny's briefs and did not have to wait long to wonder if his efforts would get a reaction. He could feel Danny's bulge growing, pushing against his fingers and hand. He squeezed and rubbed harder, faster, trying to take in every breath, moan and encouraging "keep going" command. Danny tightened his grip on Tom's arm and stifled a moan. Tom felt Danny's orgasm as it travelled over his entire body and then soaked his hand in warm liquid.

Neither of them moved. Danny's grasp on Tom's arm was firm as his breathing steadied and Tom's hand was still resting against the soaked material of Danny's briefs. A rush of adrenaline ran through him as he realized he had been able to make Danny cum. He grinned ear to ear. If Danny could see him he'd probably have something quippy to say about it. With one last gentle kiss against Danny's neck Tom finally found the sleep he needed.

By morning the only thing Tom was holding was his pillow against his head. "Oh my god it's too bright in here!" He said into it.

Danny's mocking laugh next to him made Tom move the pillow away. "You think it's funny?" Tom turned over and whacked Danny on the side of the head with the pillow. But in his hungover state he missed. This sent Danny into a strong laughing fit.

Tom could not help but laugh along with him. After their fit of silliness Tom stopped and looked at Danny. "I was drunk, I am hungover. But I know what happened."

Danny turned to his side and got closer to Tom. He leaned forward and pressed his lips gently against Tom's, pulling away before it was anything more than that. "Good. Let's get you some food and coffee and take care of that hangover."

As Danny set about cooking eggs and brewing coffee while Tom sat at the table with his head in his hands their mother stepped into the doorway.

"What's wrong?" Danny's concerned voice made Tom look up. His mother stepped into the kitchen. She had clearly been crying.

"Mom?"

"It's your father, he's been in an accident."