 This is an ongoing story. It might be a good idea to read the first three chapters first.

*****

"Morning." Danny's deep sexy morning voice was right next to Tom's ear. For a second he thought he was dreaming. "As much as I am enjoying having you warm and naked next to me we should probably let everyone know you've made a decision."

Decision? Tom thought back to the night before. The feeling of Danny's body on top of him, his beautiful face just an inch away as Danny made love to him for the first time. Of many, he hoped. It was so much better than he had imagined it would be. And he had imagined it a lot. His insides danced as he remembered how good it felt, how hard he come. His decision. Right. He was going to give his dying father a vital organ. That decision.

Tom knew Danny was right. But he also knew Danny's morning hard-on was resting nicely against his ass and it was calling for him to put it in his mouth. He could hear it, and if anyone asked he would swear it called out to him and begged to be sucked. He turned over and faced Danny with a sly grin, laughing at his own private joke. 

"What?" Danny noticed.

Tom kissed Danny gently on the lips and trailed soft kissed down his neck and chest. Danny's skin fluttered under Tom's touch making him even more determined to continue his way down, further under the covers toward his prize. His mouth watered in anticipation as he raked his tongue over Danny's happy trail and traced it down, getting closer to his goal. His breath on Danny's cock almost too much and yet, not enough.

"Shit, Tommy." Danny jumped. 

Tom let that be a sign of encouragement as he continued further down the shaft feeling Danny got harder. Clear liquid gleamed off the tip and Tom was no longer interested in being patient. He wrapped his lips around the head and pressed his tongue against it tasting the sweetness of Danny pre-cum. 

"Ungh." Danny's guttural moan was music to Tom's ears. Tom's lips and tongue pressed against Danny's cock, seeking out any and all spots that made Danny twitch and moan. "Keep going," Danny begged. He arched his back and grabbed a hold of a good chunk of Tom's hair. Muffled moans spurred Tom on and when he heard the words he had been waiting for loud and clear — "I'm coming!" — he braced both hands on Danny's thighs and slid Danny's dick further into his mouth, let it go, he took it even further, pushing his own boundaries and taking Danny past the point of oblivion. Tom kept up his rhythm despite the hot cum sliding down his throat.

"Stop, you have to stop," Danny begged. "Oh my god Tom, stop."

Tom finally let go of Danny's cock and kissed his way back up his sweaty torso. Danny's breathing was ragged. He tried to calm himself. "That was, amazing." He seemed surprised by his admission. Tom couldn't wait to share more surprises with him.

When they finally made their way downstairs it was no different than any other day. The house was filled with children's screams and laughter and noise. The kitchen looked like it had been in a tornado. Except everything was different now. When they stood together waiting for their breakfast to cook they stayed close, sharing soft touches and laughing at jokes that were probably only funny to them. Tom had dreamed of the day it could be like this. It was definitely as sugar sweet and sickening as he'd figured it would be. The sound of someone clearing their throat pulled them out of their moment.

"Mom." Tom stepped back from Danny and cursed himself for it. 

"Boys." She greeted them as one. 

Two things occurred to Tom in that moment. One, his mother was nowhere near as shocked and horrified by the clear and open show of affection between he and Danny as she should have been. And two, she looked like she had not slept at all. He chose to focus on the second observation, for now.

"Did you get any sleep at all?" He asked, offering her a cup of freshly brewed coffee.

She shook her head at the coffee, and at the question.

"Sit." Danny suggested to both of them as he served himself and Tom eggs and toast and joined them at the table. "How long have you known?" He wasted no time. Tom nearly choked on the bite of eggs he had scooped into his mouth.

"Known what?" She could barely look at him.

"Funny thing happened yesterday while we were all being tested for organ donor compatibility. Turns out, the man in that hospital bed, dying of injuries he got in an accident he was in just a few miles from here, is not my father." Danny's voice remained steady although his insides were screaming for answers.

"I suspected. Early on. But you were so lost, and it would have been so cruel to put you through that." She defended. "I wanted to tell you, so many times. As you grew older. As I watched Tom fall further in love with you. I hoped the distance between you would change things. Clearly it didn't."

Tom fought back tears and anger and emotions he was not ready to put names on yet. "It would've been better if you'd told us."

She nodded. "I had no idea he was even in Boston and had been for years, until recently. Honestly when I found out it didn't seem like it was something I needed to tell any of you right away. You were all gone. Scattered around. It wasn't like you were going to come rushing back because he was living here." 

"Is that why you wanted me to spend my break here?" Tom asked.

"No." She shook her head to make her answer stronger. "I wanted to spend time with you before you got so busy you wouldn't be able to."

Tom decided to pass over the guilt trip of that sentiment. He took another bite of eggs to stop himself from saying anything at all.

"I didn't know you were gay, too." She directed to Danny.

"It's complicated," Tom answered for him.

"It really isn't," Danny interrupted. "I'm not. But I love him, and making him happy makes me happy. Doesn't mean I'm attracted to all men. Just this one."

Tom's heart felt like it would burst out of his chest and the tears he had been holding back escaped momentarily before he could stop them again. He swallowed hard and wiped his wet eyes with is napkin. "I've made a decision."

"I'll get the girls." His mother seemed happy to escape the growing tension.

The kitchen table was too small for all of them but they were crowded around it anyway. The three girls. Their mother. Tom. And Danny. Tom and Danny sat close together, holding hands and no longer concerned with any open show of affection. Despite Allison, Amy and Melissa not having all the information yet. 

"I'm going to give one of my kidney's to our father," Tom said as soon as everyone was settled. "I read through the information Dr. Sullivan gave me and I understand the risks. I'm willing to take the chance. For this." He pointed at he and Danny's linked hands. 

"I'm not your brother. I mean, I'm not related to any of you," Danny corrected himself as he filled in more information. "The tests they ran yesterday. I don't share DNA with any of you." He filled in the rest. "Tom is determined to find out if your father knows anything about who my actual father is."

There was silence in the room as the information settled over Tom's sisters. Each of them attempted to ask questions but none of them could complete full sentences.

Tom picked up his cell phone and dialed Dr. Sullivan's number. He was surprised to find her on the line within moments. Surely she was busy?

"Tom, I was just about to call you," Dr. Sullivan greeted him urgently. "Your father is awake, and is asking for you, and your sisters. And Danny."

"I see," Tom answered. "So is he better then?"

"No, unfortunately," she told him. "He will still need a kidney soon. But he is unwilling to discuss anything with me until he has seen all of you."

"We'll be there within the hour," Tom told her. He set the phone down. "He's awake. And he wants to see all of us. He's refusing to speak to her about his condition until he has."

His mother shook her head in Tom's direction, his sisters sat with their arms crossed, Danny raised an eyebrow at him. Tom threw his hands up in frustration. "I'm just telling you what the doctor told me. So are we going?"

In the reception area the frustration, chaos, and sickness of a usual hospital waiting area was a stark contrast to the quiet empty room they had been in the day before. The impatient nurse could not be any less helpful in guiding them to the correct wing of the hospital, or telling them anything about what room their father was in. The family let Allison deal with it. She was the best at talking people into being helpful without them even knowing they were doing it.

Doctor Sullivan greeted them when they finally found their father's room. "He's been in and out of consciousness," she told them. "He knows he needs a kidney transplant. He knows we found a match. As soon as he found out it was Tom he stopped cooperating and demanded to see all of you."

"Thank you," Tom's mother smiled at the doctor in a way that seemed to say 'sorry he's always been impossible.'

They crowded into a small cubicle sized area filled with machines and cords and things beeping and wheezing and whirling. If being crammed into the car on the ride over was uncomfortable, standing shoulder to shoulder in a cold sterile room was practically unbearable. Tom tried not to lash out as elbows jammed into him on either side. He pressed closer to Danny and took short breaths hoping to limit the amount of medicine and ammonia he inhaled. The whole thing was making him dizzy. Danny gave his hand a good squeeze and Tom felt a brief moment of relief.

In the bed in the middle of this maze was a frail, bruised, broken man Tom had a hard time recognizing even if he wasn't in this state. Dr. Sullivan stood over him checking vitals and speaking to him in a gentle tone. "Your family is here as you requested."

The man nodded and slowly swiveled his head around the room, resting his eyes quickly on each person. When he found who he was looking for he stopped. "Come closer." His hoarse voice barely traveled to Tom's ears. But it wasn't Tom he was asking for. It was Danny. 

Danny stepped forward tentatively. He leaned down to let the man whisper in his ear. Tom tried to listen for any words he could hear, but the man's voice was faint. He wondered if Danny could even hear them. When Danny's face went pale and tears began to fall from his eyes Tom knew he could hear him perfectly and whatever it was Danny heard, it wasn't good news. Danny stepped back from the bed and the man's eyes rested on Tom. Tom was still watching Danny who had returned to his side. He nudged Tom's shoulder lightly and nodded in the direction of the hospital bed. "He wants to talk to you now." Danny's voice cracked as he spoke. Tom didn't want to leave his side. But he did. He had to. It's why he was here.

When Tom stopped next to his father's bed the sadness in the man's eyes cut through him like a knife. "I'm sorry, Tommy. I'm sorry I was never the father you needed," his hoarse voice spoke the words and his eyes retained their infinite sadness. Tom was starting to feel better about his decision to help this man. For a brief moment he felt a pang of hope that he could mend their relationship. And as Tom wondered what that would be like the man turned toward Dr. Sullivan. 

"I refuse."

"Excuse me?" Dr. Sullivan moved closer.

"I won't take his kidney."

Doctor Sullivan looked up at Tom who shrugged at her. The words were clear. The clearest Tom had heard the man say, probably ever. There was movement and mumbling behind him. His family had heard them too.

"It could take months to find another kidney for you, Mr. Patterson." Doctor Sullivan spoke with urgency and concern.

"I understand the consequences, doctor. But I. Will. Not. take my son's kidney. Now, I would like say goodbye to my children."