 Catherine Van Noord and her husband spent thirty minutes groping, using and violating my naked body, although it seemed much more like thirty hours. By the time they were done with me, I felt utterly used up, limp, submissive and emotionally exhausted. 

Mrs. Van Noord had vigorously raped my ass with an oversized PVC cock, making my anus feel chafed and abused. Shortly after she pulled the massive thing out of my tight anal fissure, there was a knock on the door, and Mr. Van Noord opened it, allowing a female servant to come into the study. 

"The auction is almost over," the servant explained, "They'll be wanting Scott on stage for the closing ceremony." 

"Very well," Mrs. Van Noord conceded, "I suppose you'd better escort him back out there, so his adoring public can see him one last time." 

I had been sexually abused and emotionally exhausted and the female servant ended up helping me to stand up from where I'd been bent over Mr. Van Noord's desk. 

"Come with me, pretty boy," the servant said as she led me out of the room. 

She may have been a household servant, however, I felt instantly inferior to her. She wore a smart-looking uniform with a starched white shirt and a black skirt, meanwhile I was stark naked, my buttocks throbbed and felt as if they might still be red from my recent spanking. 

While I was worried about what people would think if they saw my reddened buttocks, it completely slipped my mind that my cock was still hard and erect. And when I was rushed on stage to stand side-by-side with my fellow dancers, my cock throbbed and twitched. 

Of course, all my fellow dancers, had lean, athletic, perfect bodies, and they were now all naked, including Christine, Lena, Morgan and Svetlana. Seeing their naked breasts, shaved pudenda and firm buttocks, bathed in the blazing, white-hot illumination of spotlights made certain that I had no hope of making my cock go soft again. 

Scores of well-dressed spectators ogled my male nudity as I stood on stage, together with the other unclothed dancers. We all received a round of applause for the sacrifice we had made in stripping naked for the clothing auction. We bowed and received even more applause. The audience didn't want us to ever leave the stage, however, the auction was over, and eventually they had to let us go. 

 

. . . . .  

The artistic director and ballet mistress were both impressed by how much money we raised from the clothing auction. They were especially impressed with me. In addition to the money that had been raised from the clothes sold off my back, Catherine Van Noord wrote an additional check to the Chandler Ballet Theatre for ten-thousand dollars, explaining that they were "very happy" with what I did for them that night. 

No mention was made of the way Catherine Van Noord raped me with an enormous fake cock that evening, just that cryptic message about how happy I had made her. 

"Of course we need the goodwill of wealthy patrons like Catherine Van Noord," the artistic director informed me, "In the future, if there's anything else you can do to make her happy, I hope you throw yourself into it without hesitation. I'd be personally very grateful if you keep us on her good side." 

That made me nervous, but I had been swept up into the politics of performance artists and their patrons. Without wealthy patrons, performance artists quite often starved. Keeping Catherine Van Noord happy made good economic sense. 

And of course, it wasn't long before Catherine Van Noord requested that I do something else to make her happy. 

 

. . . . .  

"Scott, Would you like to come over to Catherine's house this Saturday?" Darya asked me one morning as we walked to rehearsals together. 

I hesitated before I answered. I was nervous, but it was a dark, thrilling, sexual sort of nervousness. 

"Is she planning to exhibit my naked body in front of dozens of strangers?" I asked. 

"Not this time," Darya replied, "I think she was hoping that this time you would have sex with her husband. She is big fan of watching when two boyishly handsome men have sex." 

"She wants me to have sex with Milo?" I whispered, "Seriously?" 

"Some women get very turned on from watching men have gay sex," Darya replied, "And both you and Milo are the type of men she likes, young, slender, smooth, athletic and graceful." 

"Well, Milo isn't my type," I said as made my way to the rehearsal room, "I'll pass." 

"Will you?" Darya asked, "Would you still say that if I told you that getting naked with Milo and letting Catherine watch would count as the sixth of my twelve tests?" 

I swallowed and considered Darya's question. 

Nari and I were both the same age, we both danced for the same ballet theatre, and Nari was the first man I'd ever had sex with. In a way, I thought of Nari as being my boyfriend. And the idea of having sex with Milo made me feel like I was being disloyal. 

Of course, on the other hand, if I did this for Darya, I'd be halfway to my goal of passing all of Darya's tests, and I'd win the prize of her love and affection. 

"I'll have sex with Milo," I grudgingly conceded, "Where and when?" 

 

. . . . .  

I was to meet Milo and his wife at their home in Augustus Beach on Saturday morning at 8:00 am. The last time I had been at their home, I had been with Darya and a plethora of dancers from our dance theatre. This time I arrived alone, and something about that made me feel far more vulnerable and exposed. 

A maid with a Russian accent (or possibly Ukrainian, I'm not very good with accents) answered the door, and inquired as to my business. 

"My name is Scott Alexander," I said, "I was invited by Milo and Katherine." 

"Oh, you are Scott," the maid responded, her attitude suddenly changed, "You may come inside." 

I crossed the threshold and the maid closed and locked the door behind me. For a few seconds the maid stared at me expectantly and then she bluntly told me to take off my clothes. 

"What?" I asked, surprised at her comment. 

"Your clothes," the maid said impatiently, "you must take them off before Mr. and Mrs. Van Noord will see you." 

The proclamation felt like an emotional bucket of ice water had just been thrown in my face. I know, I shouldn't have been shocked. I knew that Katherine and Milo were a very kinky couple. I knew they liked to play naughty games in their household, still I managed to feel nervous and daunted about being told to strip naked in front of one of their servants. 

Years of ballet training has left me with a strong, slender, graceful body with excellent muscle tone. Nevertheless, stripping naked in front of a total stranger always leaves me feeling flustered and uncomfortable. I suppose that's something that was just deeply embedded in my emotional makeup. 

I placed most of my clothes on the wooden hallway table and stashed on shoes and socks neatly underneath. When I was fully naked, I noticed my reflection in the large hallway mirror. I was worse than naked. With my legs, pubic area and my entire body completely shaved (Darya's idea), I looked naked, exposed and vulnerable, while the maid looked smartly-dressed and authoritative. It was almost like by being naked, I gave her power over me. 

While I was busy contemplating my exposed and vulnerable state, the maid broke me out of my reverie and said, "Now, you must follow me." 

I followed the maid upstairs. 

When we reached the master bedroom, Milo was deep into a conversation on his iPhone. Katherine on the other hand sauntered over and greeted me. 

"Scott, you're here," she said with buoyant enthusiasm, "Milo and I were worried that you might not show." 

"What? Why?" I asked, "I'm not late, am I?" 

I then proceeded to look at my left wrist, forgetting that I had surrendered my wristwatch downstairs, along with all my clothes. 

"Not at all," Katherine said, her tone playful, "however, you were so skittish last time, we thought that you might not show up, as you found us to be too scary and intimidating." 

"His hands were trembling when he got undressed," the maid offered without anybody asking for her opinion, "I think he's still nervous." 

"And was that really necessary?" I asked Katherine, "Was there a reason I had to get undressed in front of one of your servants?" 

Katherine's mouth twisted into a wicked smile and she asked, "And how did it feel when my maid forced you to strip naked before you were allowed to see me?" 

I took some time to consider my answer. It was an unnecessary humiliation that stripped me of my dignity as well as my clothes. It took away my status as a respected individual and left me feeling inferior. 

"It made me feel humbled and defenseless and defeated," I replied. 

"Well then, it had the desired effect," Katherine replied, "This is how I prefer men to feel. Men look so much more adorable when they feel defeated and helpless." 

"They do?" I asked. 

"Darya feels the same way," Katherine responded, "Did she never tell you?" 

Just then, Milo got off the phone, gave me an enthusiastic look and called out, "Scott!" 

"Hello, Milo," I replied. 

Milo, Katherine and the maid surrounded me. I was utterly naked while all three of them were smartly dressed. It made me feel vulnerable and intimidated. And then Milo stepped forward and embraced me in an enthusiastic hug. The coldness of his belt buckle and the fabric of his clothing pressed intimately into my naked flesh and I felt even more vulnerable. 

"My husband has talked about you nonstop ever since the night of the auction," Katherine said, "I think he has a crush on you." 

"Of course I do," Milo said enthusiastically, "Just look at him! He's slender, athletic, boyish, with pouty lips, a slender waist and a perfectly-shaped butt! He's basically a blonde, blue-eyed version of Sindre Skoglund!" 

I had no idea who Sindre Skoglund was, but apparently being Sindre Skoglund was a good thing. Milo seemed to think that Sindre Skoglund was the standard for male beauty. I supposed I should feel flattered. 

"You can go now, Rita," Katherine said to the maid. 

"Yes, ma'am," the maid said, but as she was leaving I think I heard her make some comment about how she wished she could get her hands on my ass. 

"Darya tells me that Scott is heterosexually-inclined," Katherine said to her husband, "so, he's going to be unskilled on how to please a man sexually." 

"Well, I guess I'll just have to teach him," Milo said, "Hopefully he's a quick learner." 

I felt my heart beat fast and insistent inside my chest. This wasn't my first time with a man, however, giving myself to Milo felt much more awkward and uncomfortable than giving myself to Nari. Nari was somebody I knew and trusted. We were friends. We had an emotional connection. Milo was just some stranger who lusted after me and wanted to do things to my young, naked body. 

Milo didn't waste any time taking possession of me. Almost immediately his lips were on mine, ardent and eager. His tongue darted into my mouth, surprising me. Milo's tongue danced a graceful ballet in my mouth, and he moaned as his kisses became more frenzied and urgent. Even though Milo was fully-dressed I could feel his hard cock pressing against me through the fabric of his pants as we kissed. He passionately probed my mouth with his tongue while he caressed my face, ran his fingers through my hair, wrapped his arms around my waist or cupped the cheeks of my ass. 

At some point during this kissing my cock began to twitch and become tumescent. It's not that I'm gay, but Darya had forbade me from masturbating and I can only have orgasms when she orders me to have sex with someone. As a result, my cock will get hard at the slightest provocation. 

"You look very pretty, kissing my husband," Katherine commented from somewhere nearby, "I think that you and Milo would make for an adorable couple." 

Katherine's words seemed to faint and coming from far away. My heart was beating faster and my skin starting to feel feverish after several minutes of making out with Katherine's husband and I couldn't focus very well on what the woman was saying. 

Then Milo switched tactics. He pulled his mouth away from mine and gave me an elated smile before leaning into my chest and lowering his mouth to one of my exposed nipples. Now, I'm fairly certain than men don't have as many sensitive nerve endings in their nipples as women, but when Milo's tongue began to trace graceful circles across my nipple and areola, I gasped and felt tingles radiating across my torso and even down to my loins. 

"Uuhhuhh," I panted inarticulately as Milo made an erotic game out of kissing and licking my chest, eliciting sighs and gasps out me. I thought I knew my own body, but Milo was getting responses out of me with his mouth and tongue that I never dreamed possible. It was like he knew my own body better than I did. 

I didn't want to be sexually aroused by what Milo was doing to me, but my body was betraying me. Milo's breath was hot against my skin, and I my cock stiffened, and I felt a familiar throb as it roused into becoming fully erect. 

Somewhere in the feverish haze of all this, I heard Katherine's voice say, "Milo, you're wearing entirely too many clothes." 

Milo stopped doing things to my naked body and Katherine unbuckled the belt to Milo's pants. Then she ordered me to assist her as she stripped her husband out of her clothes. With the two of us working to undress Milo, it didn't take long to get him naked. And once he was naked, I was somewhat impressed with his physical appearance. 

I didn't notice when Milo had been wearing clothes, but he was quite good looking. He had a tight little bubble butt, a slender waist, and a smooth flat stomach. He had nice, athletics legs and his cock sprang up, fully erect when his wife pulled down his Calvin Klein briefs. His erect cock wasn't as big as Nari's, however it was still an impressive size. And just like Nari and me, Milo's naked body was utterly devoid of body hair. I'm guessing that Katherine had him shave it all off. 

Once we were both naked, Katherine ordered us to kiss again. With both of us naked, it was different this time. Milo and I were both the same height and as our naked bodies were pressed close together, his erect cock repeatedly rubbed up against mine. 

Milo's smooth chest pressed against mine, Milo's cock rubbed up against mine, his smooth thighs brushed up against mine. His body was firm, smooth and feverishly warm and the more his naked flesh swept across mine, the more excitement and confusion I felt. I was supposed to be straight, but the more I felt Milo's naked body caress itself up against mine, the more my heart raced, and my libido stirred. 

Had I been bisexual all this time and not realized it? Or had something happened to me? Was it possible for a person's sexuality to change? My cock was throbbing, my stomach was full of butterflies and my heart beat wildly, as if I was passionately desperate for Milo to touch me. 

Milo cupped my buttocks and squeezed them tenderly as we kissed. I moaned as Milo's tongue began to explore my mouth once again, and then Katherine interrupted our intimate kissing and said, "Scott, I think it's about time you got down on your knees and tried taking my husband's cock into your mouth." 

Obediently, I knelt in front of Milo and found myself to me at eye-level with his erection. I was pretty sure his cock had gotten thicker since Katherine had pulled Milo's underwear off and I wasn't entirely certain I could fit his cock in my mouth.   

The head of his cock had been pink, but the color had gotten darker. Now it looked almost red, as if it had become swollen with blood. I wasn't an expert on sucking cock. Nari was the only man whose cock had ever gone in my mouth, and this cock seemed to have a wider girth to it. What would Katherine do if I couldn't fit her husband's cock into my mouth? 

I took the swollen head of Milo's cock into my mouth and tasted the salty flavor of precum. I twirled my tongue around the head of his cock and then licked up and down the shaft. I licked the underside of his cock, from shaved balls up to the tip, and back down again, eliciting moans and heaving breathing from Milo. 

I cradled Milo's balls in one hand and flicked the tip of my tongue across the head of his cock, licking at the tiny hole. Then I parted my lips and drew Milo's intimidating cock into my virginal mouth. My jaw almost immediately began to feel sore as I opened wide to accommodate Milo's thickness. My tongue caressed his shaft as I drew his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. I had to breathe through my nose as the size of his swollen member made it impossible to breathe through my mouth. 

By some miracle the head of Milo's cock touched the back of my throat. I sucked on his thick shaft and massaged the underside with my tongue, but my jaw ached too much to keep that up for very long, and I had to take a break and give my poor jaw muscles a rest. 

My hands continued to grip Milo's toned ass while I gave my mouth a chance to recover. I knelt there, panting and tried to catch my breath. Katherine gave me an impatient look and told me to get back to work on her husband's cock. 

I was naked, on my knees and Katherine was standing over me, admonishing me, while she was fully dressed. It made me feel dominated and enslaved. I suppose that should have made me resentful, but instead it excited me. 

I took the head of Milo's cock back into my mouth and licked the underside of it with my tongue. Milo moaned and gripped the back of my head. Suddenly he was filling my mouth again, pushing the head of his cock to the back of my throat again. I pulled back and worked his cock, forcing my mouth open wide as his cock pushed forward and sucking hard as his cock was drawn back. It was a technique I learned from Nari. 

Milo seemed to appreciate my technique. He began working his cock into my mouth at a furious pace, pushing his cock into my mouth vigorously, the thickness of his cock overwhelming me again. I heard Milo's breathing became more frantic and excited as he got closer and closer to climax. His cock slipped in and out of my mouth faster than before, the tip bumping up against the roof of my mouth, until he erupted, and I dutifully proceeded to swallow his hot, salty fluids. 

Seconds went by, with his extended orgasm still surging through his twitching cock. Finally, when his cock had been drained of every drop, his breathing became less intense. His cock remained in my mouth and his body still shuddered and twitched, but he was post-orgasmic now and his erection was fading. I could feel his cock becoming less inflamed as the blood flow lessened. Of course, my jaw ached, my throat ached, and my own cock was so hard and erect that I was in an agony of need. 

"Oh God, that was amazing," Milo enthused, "truly amazing." 

"I thought it was amazing too," Katherine commented, "and I wasn't even a participant. I was just watching from a distance." 

"He was too skilled for a straight boy," Milo added, "I didn't have to teach him anything. He knew how to use his mouth to make a man happy." 

I felt my face heat up with embarrassment and I replied, "Darya had me practice on one of the male dancers at the Chandler Theatre. I learned by sucking his cock." 

 

. . . . . 

 Katherine and Milo Van Noord adored me after that. And everyone at the Chandler Theatre knew that they adored me. I worked hard to get into a ballet company, but now that I had made it, I had become more famous for my connection to the Van Noords than for my dancing ability. 

"This is totally unfair," I complained to my friends. 

Christopher and Nari nodded in agreement. Nari had brought over a bottle of wine, and we were standing around the kitchen drinking and socializing after a long, hard day. 
