 I awoke and slid out of bed. The effects of tequila were wearing off and now realizing what I had done. I slipped into bath room to ponder. After a few minutes, I stepped out. The light shone on the bed where Bob was sleeping. I knew I was going back to NY in few days to my wife and straight life but decided to live for the moment and enjoy my newfound sexuality. 

I slid into bed and wrapped my self around Bob. My hand found its way to his crotch. My cock began to stiffen as I stroked him. He moaned lightly in his sleep and rolled over to face me. Amorous and awake, I slid down and began to tease his cock with my tongue. I soon was engulfing his cock with my mouth as he went from flaccid to semi hard. The warmth of his cock, musky smell and precum were intoxicating. He was sleepily awake as I began to play with his ass. A louder moan responded to my first finger going in. I continued to tongue his shaft as I inserted a second finger. Bob was now fully awake and pleading with me not to stop. After a few minutes he said the magic words. "David, please fuck me."

I rolled off the bed, and grabbed the lube. Bob slid over and pulled his legs back over his head. I liberally lubricated is ass and reinserting my fingers in the process. Once I hade lubed my now raging hard on, I knelt close to his ass and rested my pulsing cock on his ass. I put my head against his hole and slowly pushed. To my surprise, with not too much resistance, I slid my cock in. Bob wrapped his legs around me and pulled me in. Obviously, this was not his first time. I was in ecstasy. He tightened has ass and it seemed like my cock was going to burst like a balloon. I was soon, sliding in and out and stroking his cock. Being face to face made the experience unbelievable. He soon exploded. As he did his ass clenched my cock coaxing it to explode. As a pulled out my last squirt shot across his leg. I fell on to bed next to him. He pulled me close and we drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke my head was abuzz. It had snowed all night and was still snowing. Because of avalanches, the mountain was closed. You could hear the gun blasting to cause the collapses. We showered, dressed and wandered in to the lobby for breakfast. We did not discuss the previous night. The front desk confirmed the mountain was closed at least until 1pm. We decided to hang out and see if the conditions changed.

Back at our room, we pondered what to do. As we changed from our ski clothes to street clothes, we discussed what happened. I told him I felt conflicted. Unsure of what all it meant. Bob reassured me he did not expect anything of me, and we agreed to not try to figure it out. We built a fire and pulled out a good book read. 

As Bob sat next to me on the couch, He leaned over and kissed me. His rough beard felt strangely comforting as his tongue slipped into my mouth. We sat on the edge of the bed and made out like a school-age couple. Bob soon slipped his hands under my shirt and pulled it over my head. He began caressing my nipples as his hands undid my pants. He pulled my boxers down and began to stroke me. I could not sit still. I pulled at his clothes and he got the idea and stripped. Now we both naked, sitting on the coach. I laid back and Bob went down on me.

The sight of Bob sucking my cock was unbelievable. I was looking into his lust full eyes with his lips wrapped around my cock head. His salvia coated my shaft as he slurped my cock in cock. As I was about to cum, he grabbed the base of cock and stopped. My cock convulsed but he held back my cum. As he kept his grip he proceeded to devour my balls. The feeling of my sac in his mouth was exquisite. He then pulled me up and began to tongue my ass. 

I propped myself on the arm of the couch so he could better get to my ass. The feeling was indescribable. His tongue caressed my ass and soon poked into me. I now understood why women loved men to go down on them. He spread my cheeks as he dove deeper in. I soon was begging him to fuck me. I was well lubricated but Bob slathered on more. He positioned himself behind me and pushed in. The pain of yesterday was gone. I was soon enjoying having his hot hard cock slide in and out of me. Bob soon was slapping his balls against my ass he pounded me. My cock quivered with each thrust. I could feel him deeper in me than I had before. He slid in a hit my p-spot dead on causing me to explode. He continued to ram in and out. Finally, he burst into me and collapsed on my back.

As we lay there we noticed the curtains behind the couch were open slightly. The room across the court yard had a perfect view of my writhing pleasure. Inside the window you could see a smiling face that waved as we pulled them closed.