 One of my favorite times of the day is after a long day of rehearsing, before my fellow dancers clear out of the studio. 

I'll be breathless, sore, spent and drenched in perspiration at this point, however, it's still one of the moments I most look forward to. My fellow dancers are all young, strong and fit, however, after hours of rehearsals, my fellow dancers are even more exquisite to look at. Everywhere you look there's a sea of beautiful bodies covered in sweat, spandex clinging like a second skin, every perfect curve showing underneath the thin clinging fabric, the shapes of young, perfectly-sculpted buttocks clearly outlined. The tight spandex reveals so much at this point, everyone might as well be naked. 

Even the look of weariness and surrender on their faces after enduring hours of strict, imperious, demanding chorography somehow makes them look more captivating and attractive. 

Of course, of all the dancers at the Chandler Theatre, Darya is my obvious favorite to gaze upon. She has a face like Jennifer Lawrence and the svelte, graceful, toned body of a ballerina. Her legs are perfectly sculpted, especially her thighs. And she had a wonderfully delicious derriere that would make Scarlett Johansson jealous. 

When Darya turned around, the view was still impressive. The woman's entire body was sculpted and graceful. She had a slender waist, a taut, concave belly and firm, round breasts. And even though she was wearing a bra, I could see the outline of her nipples, straining against the thin fabric of her leotard. 

Her intense eyes focused on me, Darya gracefully padded over to me, leaned in intimately close and whispered softly in my ear, "Scott, did your mother never tell you it is impolite to stare at a lady's breasts?" 

"Sorry," I whispered back, "The way your nipples were pushing against the fabric of your leotard, it's like they were calling out my name and demanding I pay attention to them." 

She sighed softly and then whispered, "Scott, you are a very foolish boy." 

I didn't have a ready response for that, so I just nodded in silent agreement. Compared to Darya, I wasn't very bright or sophisticated. 

Then she leaned in even closer and whispered in my ear, "Shower, get clean and smelling nice and be at my apartment door tonight between 7:15 and 7:30. I have a third test for you. If you pass, you will be one quarter of the way to victory." 

Several weeks earlier I had entered into a pact with Darya. She said that if I could show myself to be humble and self-sacrificing, she would agree to become my girlfriend. 

By the terms of our agreement, Darya would give me twelve difficult tests, each one more difficult than the one that came before, however, if I passed all twelve, I would have proven myself. At that point, Darya would become more than just one of my fellow dancers. She would become my loving, affectionate and libidinous girlfriend. 

My heart soared at Darya's invitation. I grabbed my dance bag and hurried back to my apartment to get ready. 

Advil and a hot shower helped to deal with the pain of long, grueling hours of dance rehearsals. Then I dried off and dressed in clothes that were comfortable, but not rumpled-looking. Based on Darya's previous tests, I wouldn't be wearing clothes for very long, still, I didn't want her to think I was some sort of disheveled bum. 

Coffee and food helped me to recover my vitality, and at 7:20 that evening, I knocked on the door to Darya's apartment. 

"You are brave boy, Scott," Darya said when she let me into her apartment, "After the first two tests, I wasn't certain that you would have the courage to face what I might do to you next." 

Darya was my blonde goddess. Her exquisite beauty filled my dreams at night while I slept, and I thought about her chronically throughout my day. She had totally bewitched me. My passion for her would get me through any tests she had. No matter how perilous the challenge, I would face it. She was that alluring to me. 

Of course, Darya had me strip naked as soon as I was in her apartment. Darya made it very clear that our relationship could not be one of equals. I would be naked while she would remain fully-clothed. That was one of the ways that I would have to prove my willingness to be humble and self-sacrificing. 

"And fold clothes neatly," Darya told me once I was naked, "My apartment is neat and organized. I will not have your clothes making mess on my floor." 

I folded my clothes and left them in a neat, organized pile, and stood up, waiting to see what Darya would ask of me next. 

"There is now uniform, you must wear," Darya informed me, "You will stand there and cooperate as I put it on you." 

Darya had never mentioned a uniform before, so I was temporarily confused. I thought Darya preferred me to be naked. I was perplexed as to why she would want me to cover up my nudity. 

I soon discovered that covering up my nudity was hardly what Darya had in mind. 

There was a leather collar buckled around my neck and leather cuffs buckled around my wrists and ankles. There were stainless-steel D-rings attached to the collar and cuffs to make it easy to restrain me whenever she felt like it. 

Being naked while she was fully-clothed made me feel slightly vulnerable, however knowing that she could use these D-rings to make me helpless anytime she felt like it made me feel even more vulnerable. My breathing quickened and my heart beat faster at the very thought of it. 

"Now, go over to that couch," Darya commanded me, "put your head down, get your ass up and spread your legs well apart." 

I wasn't certain what Darya had in mind, however, her orders put me in a very defenseless position with my ass, cock, balls and anus all very much unprotected and available. Darya could hurt and molest me in a number of very cruel ways while I was in that position. My heart beat even faster as I considered the possibilities. 

Strangely, my cock throbbed almost as intensely as my heart. It was almost as if my feelings of fear and helplessness were stimulating my libido and making my cock excited. 

"I will need to lubricate your asshole before inserting the next part of your uniform," Darya informed me, "Do not move, and do not tighten your sphincter muscle." 

I obediently remained bent over with my legs spread indecently wide. Darya took her time, making me feel more nervous and humiliated while I anticipated what she was going to do to my vulnerable anus. 

The lubricating gel Darya used on my anal opening was cold and Darya's fingers were strong and insistent. I remained as silent as I could while Darya applied copious amounts of cold, oily lubricant. She thrust her fingers unceremoniously into my anus and I reflexively groaned as her fingers probed and twisted around inside of me. 

I gritted my teeth and tried to keep my anus from tightening. My body's normal reflex would be to tense up and close my sphincter muscle tight, however, Darya's orders forbade me from doing that. 

Darya thrust her fingers inside of me, lubricated me thoroughly and used her strong fingers to pry me open. Eventually, she became satisfied that my anal cavity had been sufficiently coated with sexual lubricant, and she impaled my poor, sensitive anal cleft with a large butt-plug. 

Darya pushed it in slowly, gradually and with relentless pressure. I gasped and whimpered, but she eventually got it all the way in. I felt somewhat embarrassed as I trembled and moaned, however once it was inside, I relaxed somewhat, thinking (or hoping) that the worst of it was over. 

"You may stand up now, Scott," Darya told me, and then she held up an unfamiliar device, allowing me to see it before I was made to wear it. 

It looked like a series of small, black, leather straps that had been connected to each other. I was utterly clueless as to what it might be used for. 

"This is a cock and ball harness," Darya explained, "It goes tightly around the base of your cock and scrotum. It traps blood and keeps your cock from going soft. You will cross your wrists behind your back and hold still while I put it on you." 

She looked utterly sweet and enticing as she said it, like some exquisite sex goddess come to Earth. Obediently, I crossed my wrists behind my back and allowed Darya to do whatever she wanted to my cock. 

I was already semi-erect at this point, however, that wasn't good enough for Darya. She wanted me fully-erect before she bound her leather straps around my cock and balls. 

Using more lubricant, she grabbed my penis in her hands and proceeded to oil the head and shaft. She spent a great deal of time polishing the bulbous head of my cock, rubbing it until I moaned. She squeezed my cock tightly and twisted it around. She was rough in the way that she handled my cock, then gentle, then rough again. 

Darya seemed to be an expert on the ways of handling the male anatomy. My cock responded to her ministrations by throbbing, pulsing and becoming fully, embarrassingly erect. And when my cock was so hard that it began to ache with urgent sexual need, Darya fitted one of the leather straps tightly around the base of my cock and a metal snap was snapped shut, locking the strap around my male anatomy. Then, she lifted my balls, pulled them forward and encircled a leather strap securely around the base of my ball sack and snapped that strap tightly shut as well. 

As Darya promised, this device trapped copious amounts of blood in my cock and scrotum and made certain that there was no way for my cock to go soft. My cock was now painfully swollen, reddened and larger than I'd ever seen it before. 

"Now, your erection will last until I decide that these straps may come off," Darya announced imperiously. 

"Mistress, is this my third test?" I asked, thinking that there was no way that one of Darya's tests could be this easy. Wearing this "uniform" made me feel objectified, vulnerable and exposed, however, Darya's tests were usually a much greater ordeal than this. 

"No, Scott," Darya said flatly, "This is not your third test." 

She gave me a look that seemed to suggest I was a fool for even asking such a question, and then she added, "For your third test I am sharing you with one of my friends. I put you in this uniform, so you are presentable, and it is obvious that you are here to be exploited and objectified." 

"I thought you would be the only one administering these tests, Mistress," I said as I nervously scanned the apartment, looking for signs of occupation by anyone else." 

Darya then took one of my nipples between her thumb and index finger and began to play with it roughly. Then, she gave me an intense look and said, "Foolish boy, you are here to prove that you can be humble, obedient and self-sacrificing. However, you already have obvious crush on me. You have entranced look on your face every time you look at me. Being obedient to me is easy. You are enamored with me. It will be much more difficult tests if I ask you to be obedient and self-sacrificing to people that you are not in love with." 

I saw the logic in what Darya was saying, however, I wasn't too terribly afraid. Darya led a very insular existence. Almost everyone she knew was either a dancer, a choreographer, a ballet mistress or a patron of the Chandler Ballet. As near as I knew all of Darya's friends were ballet dancers. If she were to share me with Cassandra or Hee or one of the other female dancers, it would be somewhat embarrassing, but nothing too terrible. All the dancers that Darya and I knew were young, slender, fit, graceful and attractive. Being sexually objectified by an athletic, graceful, svelte ballerina like Hee or Cassandra had a certain amount of appeal to it. 

"I understand, Mistress," I replied to Darya, "If you need me to be self-sacrificing to one of your friends to test my commitment to you, then I am ready. Give me to one of your friends and tell them that they can use me." 

"Very good, Scott," Darya said with a slight smile on her face. 

Next Darya ordered me to stand with my hands behind my neck with my fingers laced together. Under no circumstances was I to remove my hands from there without her permission. 

"Now, you will march," Darya announced, "My friend is waiting for us. 

Darya then placed a hand in the small of my back and pushed me ahead, making me walk naked down the hall. 

My swollen cock seemed to be indecently on display the way it stood up so painfully erect, almost as if it were screaming for attention, however, I had strict orders to keep my hands where they were, and not to cover myself under any circumstances. I would remain blatantly exposed until Darya decided to free me from my sexually objectifying uniform. 

I was marched into Darya's bedroom, and was stunned by what I saw. Darya wasn't intending to share me with one of the Chandler Ballet's female dancers. She was intending to share me with one of the Chandler Ballet's male dancers. 

"Nari," Darya announced loudly, "I have brought you a gift. He is yours." 

"Nari," I said, my voice filled with shock and embarrassment. 

Nari had been sitting on Darya's bed. He stood up and took a few steps towards me. Nari was actually a very good-looking guy. He was a slender man with a boyish face, a charming smile and excellent muscle tone, which was just barely obscured at that moment by a tight black t-shirt and tight black jeans. 

"I'm sorry," I said, shifting my weight nervously from one foot to the other while Nari was noticeably enjoying himself, openly examining every inch of my naked body as I stood there with my cock painfully erect and my hands uselessly placed behind my head, "I didn't realize that you intended for me to have sex with another man." 

"This is not just any other man," Darya shot back defiantly, "Nari is one of my closest friends. And I would much more enjoy watching you have sex with another man than another woman." 

"Seriously?" I asked, "Why?" 

"You enjoy lesbian porn, yes?" Darya asked. 

I did enjoy lesbian porn, however, I hesitated to admit to that. There was a brief pause as I struggled to decide what that safest answer was to that question, however Darya got impatient waiting, and decided to answer my question for me. 

"Of course you do," Darya finally said, "Most lesbian porn is sold to heterosexual men. Straight men are always wanting to watch two attractive women when they have sex together. Well, sometimes women want to watch two attractive men when they have sex together." 

"I just broke up with my boyfriend," Nari said, "And when Darya told me she wanted a volunteer to have sex with you, I jumped at the opportunity." 

"The two of you looked very cute when you danced a pas de deux with Nari," Darya interjected, "I wonder how much more cute the two of you would look if the two of you were naked and entwined in shamelessly erotic libidinous activities." 

There was a massive lump in my throat and I suddenly felt like I couldn't breathe. I had spent a large portion of my life being bullied by other boys because they thought doing ballet made you a homosexual. I wasn't gay, but somehow I felt that if I had sex with Nari, I'd be validating all of the bullies that had ever taunted me for going to ballet practice. 

"I've been watching you since your first day at rehearsals," Nari confided to me, "You've got dancer's legs and perfectly-shaped buttocks. And you've got such a beautiful, boyish face. You're exactly the physical type I look for." 

"And this is really more for my entertainment than it is for Nari," Darya assured me, "If you have sex with Nari, it is to make me happy and to prove your obedience to me." 

Somehow that broke me out of my paralysis. I wasn't going to have sex with Nari because I was gay. I was going to have sex with Nari to prove my obedience to Darya. I had already promised myself that I would do whatever it took to win her. That meant there was no turning back, no matter what she asked of me." 

"You're right, Mistress," I said to Darya, "If it would entertain you to see two attractive men get naked and do erotic things to each other, I should be willing to make whatever sacrifice is necessary to provide you with that sort of entertainment." 

I don't know where those words came from. I'd never said anything like that before in my life. It's like I was losing all of my free will and Darya was somehow taking over all of my thoughts and making far-fetched alien words come out of my mouth. 

There was a moment of silence, and then Darya said, "Scott, that was the perfect thing to say. You make my loins throb when you say things like that." 

I was only on the third of Darya's tests, but when she told me I made her loins throb, it gave me hope and encouragement that I would make it through all twelve. 

Darya gave me permission to remove my hands from the back of my neck, and told Nari and I to get to work and entertain her. 

Nari gave me a smile that was both boyish and mischievous in its cuteness and then the spectacle began. 

Nari's hand gently stroked my face and he gave me a look of pure delight. His fingertips actually felt pleasant as they stroked lightly across my skin. Nari then proceeded to run his hands smoothly and gracefully across my chest, my nipples, my ribcage, my abdomen and my thighs. I wasn't accustomed to being fondled by men, however Nari's fingertips caused pleasant tingling sensations as they brushed across my naked skin. 

"I've been admiring your body for weeks," Nari confessed as he stood intimately close, "You're very beautiful. Spandex tights don't do much to hide the shape of your body. But, I had no idea how big your cock would be. I've been with a lot of men, but, you're more well-endowed than any of them." 

I'm not sure why, but Nari's assertion that I was better-hung than any of the other men in his life made me feel better. Maybe it's just a male-ego thing. We men do base a lot of our self-worth on how large our penises are. Nari's words couldn't help but stroke my ego and make me feel somewhat better about myself. 

Some of the tension drained out of my body after Nari told me that. And then Nari placed his boyish lips to mine and kissing him was very much like kissing a girl. His lips were soft, and his mouth was warm and welcoming. Nari and I kissed with a warmth that I would never have suspected possible with another man. 

When Nari finally broke from the kiss, Darya said, "That was incredible. I was very much enjoying watching that. Kiss like that some more." 

Darya sounded far happier than I'd ever heard her before. She was normally so stoic and officious, however watching Nari and I kiss seemed to have awakened a something passionate and emotional inside of her. 

Nari leaned into me again, and our mouths met. The kiss was gentle at first, but then Nari wrapped his arms around my waist and up my spine. I reacted in much the same way I would have if I were kissing a woman. I slid my arms around Nari and our kiss grew in heat and enthusiasm. 

As we kissed, Nari cradled the back of my head with one hand and used his other hand to grab my bare buttocks. My ass had never been fondled by another man before, and I felt an awkward discomfort as Nari fondled my hindquarters, however, Darya kept urging Nari on, telling him how delicious and erotic it looked for him to play with my naked body and advised him to continue. 

At this point, Nari was still fully-clothed and I felt incredibly humbled and exposed as I was utterly naked while he was able to fondle my bare buttocks and rub the rough fabric of his tight jeans against my exposed and painfully-erect cock. 

I could feel Nari's own erection pressing against the denim of his tight pants and rubbing against my own distended, sensitive penis. I moaned as the physical contact with my aching member caused it to throb and twitch in response. 
