 I loved my winter weekend days with Brad. He would rise early and shower while I slept. By the time I awoke and showered, he would have a nice blaze going in the fireplace, the curtains wide open to let in the light, and a big soft blanket laid out in front of the fire. I would come out to the living room to find him waiting for me, his body glistening with oil, and his cock hard and ready. The toy box was always there, overflowing with dildo's and butt plugs and lube.

I would come to him and stand over him so that he could reach up and caress my cock with his tongue and hands, and slide lube-slicked fingers up my ass.

At some point our mouths would meet, and my hand or hands would find his cock. From there, the day would descend into a sexual haze. We would spend hours on end playing with each other's holes, watching with erotic rapture as we took turns sliding dildo's into each others holes, or watching as the other fucked himself with whatever toy took our fancy.

Often we would press our bodies together with a 20" double dildo in our love holes, and gaze at each other and our cocks and our magnificently filled assholes. I would caress and stroke his cock as we lay there intertwined, as he would mine. Sometimes we could spend an hour locked together like that. Other times, the pleasure would be too much, and one of us would go over the edge and a geyser of cum would erupt, almost instantly triggering another.

That first was always magnificent, and we would cry out with joy as our man nectar burst forth. Tongues would seek cum covered hands and we would writhe around so that we could share the sticky treats with each other.

I would lay back with my legs spread as far as I could make them, and enjoy the look on Brad's face as he slid a big, black dildo into my waiting ass. He loved to watch as my sphincter yielded, then opened to accept the big love toy. Admittedly, about the only thing I like watching more than a fat, love stiffened cock slipping into a hungry man-hole is a nice, fat dildo being swallowed by an eager fuckhole.

He was master at toy-fucking. He would plunge the toy in as deep as it wold go, gently slide his slicked up fist up and down my cock a few times, then wrap his lips around my cock and slowly but exquisitely slide his mouth down it while gripping me tightly at the base. The dildo would piston out while he sucked at my cock, and then he would repeat the process. It was agonizing ecstasy.

I loved to fuck him from behind. He liked a big flexible vibrator, and liked me to pump him with it while I milked and sucked his cock from behind.

We spent hours in this fashion. The first orgasm was almost always before the first hour was up. The second took far longer, and was usually incredibly intense. Having no neighbors nearby meant we could give full voice to our orgasms, which heightened the pleasure and intensity.

Laying back on that soft blanket, the heat of the fire on my skin, my asshole stretched and filled, Brad's mouth encircling my raging manhood, I would cry out with joy and pleasure as I filled his mouth with my hot spunk, then hungrily pull him to me and force my mouth on his. Slick, gooey mancream would spill down our cheeks as we kissed. 

Moments later, his thick manhood would be bursting forth with love nectar into my own hungry, eager mouth and again we would passionately share the virile cream of our lovemaking.

It was only then that we would fuck. I would guide his love shaft to my hole and wrap my flesh around him, drawing him into my inner sanctum. At that point, I was ready to make love with him for hours more. I would hold him still inside me, feeling his pulse inside my fuckhole while we kissed. 

Often, we would lay still like that for an hour or more, his cock hard and thick inside the warm embrace of my love hole. Then, at some point we would begin to move. His hips would begin to move as his breathing increased in tempo. Our bodies would move in sync, our mouths and tongues moving in rhythm with the joining of our flesh, his cock pistoning in and out of my hungry asshole.

And then he would cum, driving his cock hard and deep into me, driving his spunk deep into me, and his cries would again fill the house, until he would collapse his weight on to me and our mouths would again seek each other's lips and tongues.

He would roll onto his back, and I would then stand over him and masturbate until I anointed his chest with the last of my spunk.

We would almost always fall asleep in the heat of the fire for a few hours. Supper would be enjoyed in the nude, along with a few glasses of wine.

And sometime before bed, in the flickering light of the fire with images of men fucking and sucking and cumming filling the screen of the big TV, I would enjoy the pleasures of Brad's love hole. My body would shudder as his sphincter slipped around my manshaft and embraced me with pleasure and warmth, and I would yell out gloriously "Yes! Yes! Yes!" as my climax washed over me and my seed spilled into his fuck hole.

They were good days indeed.