 Jack stared out at the ocean; it sparkled and frothed and rippled as it met the sand- teeming with life. Who knew what cute and dangerous creatures lurked out there- what hidden treasures lay at the bottom, long forgotten? It was beautiful, awash with colour and life. There was really nowhere he would rather be.

The sun was setting- hanging in the balance just on the fringes of the horizon- soothing the tired world by releasing waves of otherworldly colour for all to bathe in. Soon it would drop below, and hide for the night, leaving the sky free for the cool moon and the stars- the only proof of its existence wispy trails of red and orange scouring the sparse clouds. The remainder of the light was reflected on the ocean- a wash of watery beads, each unique.

Jack turned as he heard approaching footsteps in the sand, happy to see his lover. As Dan got closer, Jack turned once again to watch the show, feeling arms possessively snake around his waist and fingers brush lightly and deliberately over the skin of his abdomen. Jack entwined his own fingers in that roaming hand, and leant back against the other boy, allowing Dan to support his entire weight. He trusted Dan. Dan would never drop him.

Jack squeezed his hand lightly, and then spun himself around to face the other boy- claiming his lips in a kiss before he had a chance to complain. Not that Dan would complain.

Reluctantly breaking the kiss, Jack looked up at Dan. Deep, beautiful emerald orbs met his gaze- drenching him in that warm feeling of possession. Their faces stood centimetres apart, Dan’s messy brown locks tickling both their foreheads. Jack breathed in as Dan breathed out; Dan breathed in as Jack breathed out. They were a part of each other in every way.

Dan moved in towards him this time, locking them together- feeding at Jack’s mouth like he hadn’t eaten in years. Jack lapped up that flavour and scent that was Dan- fresh grass, diesel and something else musky and masculine that Jack had never quite been able to put his finger on- no matter how many times he sampled it.

Jack didn’t know what he had done to deserve someone so perfect. His body melted into Dan’s, aligning with his cut form perfectly. He was the best he was ever had, and Dan thought just the same of him.

Dan’s warm hands traced faint circles on his bare back as Jack’s arms wrapped around his neck- bare chests pressed together. Even though they were on a beach, and could be seen by anyone, all Jack wanted was to make every part of their bare skin touch. And he knew Dan had something along the same lines in mind as well.

And, sure as Jack had predicted, he soon felt Dan’s hand slip down to his hip, and tug downwards lightly. He crouched down and lay backwards, as Jack fell atop him- somehow managing not to break the joining of their lips. Dan wrapped his arms around him again quickly, holding him close and rolling him over so his back pressed against the coarse sand.

Dan pulled back slightly and pressed one last firm kiss on Jack’s lips before moving down, planting soft butterfly kisses in a line across Jack’s jaw and down his neck. Nimble hands moved to Jack’s chest, pausing at each nipple, and tweaking lightly- sending Jack arching off the sand. The thumbs continued to circle as the mouth moved down lower and lower- still kissing and licking and every now and then nipping a path across Jack’s stomach.

One hand moved from Jack’s chest down to slip into the waistband of Jack’s black swimming trunks- and he could do nothing but pant and watch as they were slowly peeled off his form, freeing his already dripping arousal. Dan moved up his body once again, and caught Jack’s eyes in a stifling gaze- making sure Jack knew well and truly what he was about to do as his warm mouth hovered tantalizingly over the head of his cock.

Smirking devilishly, Dan sunk down- leaving Jack helpless. The smaller boy’s hands twitched and buried themselves in spiky brown bangs. Dan drew up once more, sucking gently and licking all the way- eliciting a pleasured moan from Jack’s lips. The captive glanced up, checking in the general direction of the hotel to see if anyone had heard- but his eyes snapped shut as Dan began to move, working harder.

Whimper after cry after moan was forced from Jack’s mouth- leaving him in all abandon that someone might actually be watching, lost in his own gorgeous ocean of pleasure. Dan sucked and swirled his tongue expertly, wrapping his hand around what wouldn’t fit in his mouth and bracing himself by keeping his other hand planted firmly on Jack’s thigh. But now, he moved that hand down slightly to momentarily fondle with Jack’s balls, and then slip lower to find the boy’s not-so-hidden entrance.

Jack didn’t even register the first, lubricated intruder- he was too close. It was only with the arrival of Dan’s third digit that he did realise momentary discomfort- but he was soon away again in a world of bliss… so close…

Dan’s fingers brushed lightly against that spot inside him- and Jack’s body was once again wrenched away from the sand with a beseeching cry- just at the same instance as his soft lips left Jack’s cock.

Jack whimpered as the cool night air taunted his arousal- where his lover could have been. Dan climbed up Jack’s chest- Jack’s hands still entwined in his hair, and his fingers still wriggling inside Jack. Dan leant forward and kissed his lover again, Jack could taste himself of his lips- bitter and salty. “Ready?” asked Dan.

Jack could only bite his lip and nod enthusiastically as he gazed into pools of green. Dan smirked once again at his ability to drive this beauty wild. They truly did belong to each other. 

Dan finally withdrew his fingers and knelt between Jack’s outstretched legs- their eyes meeting once more. Jack frowned as he just sat there looking at him and managed to pant out, “For Christ’s sake, just fuck me, Dan!” He could never refuse a direct order- and he plunged deep into that tight cavern of warmth that he loved so much, producing an impassioned cry of his own.

Jack clutched at Dan as he drove into him- a string of incoherent curses and pleas escaping his lips throughout it all. Dan smirked, knowing his lovers verbal incontinence- and silencing him by claiming his lips as he claimed his body- fancifully carving a rut in the sand with their movements. Jack moaned into his mouth- and as Dan drew back for breath he heard his own name escape the impassioned boys lips. 

Knowing his control wasn’t going to last much longer, Dan’s hand found Jack’s cock sandwiched between them- and fingers roughly circled it- only having time to pump it once before Jack’s hands clenched at his back and he cried out in ecstasy. Jack’s hot essence shot out all over their chests and stomachs, and Dan’s hand- and Dan matched his cries as Jack’s muscles convulsed around him- allowing one last thrust up into that lithe body before also bringing himself to release.

Dan lay atop Jack, both panting and waiting patiently for their heart rates to return to normal. Jack was the first to open his eyes and kiss his lover tenderly, glancing around at the aftermath. “Dan…” he whispered. The larger boy propped himself up on one elbow and looked at him questioningly. “Where are our clothes?”