 The next day was a blur. I had to head back to NY and my wife tommorrow. Tonight was it.

After skiing, Bob and I found our way to the hotel bar. After a few cocktails, we noticed a guy staring at us from across the room. We realized it was our voyeur from across the court yard. Young, 20 something like ourselves, tall, blondish hair, in a tight turtleneck that showed a fit but not ripped body. He was standing with a not unattractive lady who seemed to be chatting his ear off. A bit embarrassed that this guy saw what we were doing, Bob and I moved to the dining area and found a seat for dinner.

After dinner we retuned to bar since it was still early. The après ski crowd had moved on and it had quieted down. A few margaritas later, our new friend came in and comes over to us. "Hi, I'm Kevin," as he offered a firm handshake. A bit reluctantly we introduce ourselves and he sat down with us. The bartender brought him a drink. We chatted idly about the day's skiing. When the bartender is busy at the far of the end of the bar, Kevin leaned in close and said "Boy was it hot to watch you guys yesterday." Bob and I both blushed and were speechless. Sensing our embarrassment, Kevin continued "it's cool. I understand." 

Bob chimes in, "what about your lady friend?" 

"Ah, she's just a friend and part of the group I am with. Besides she is not my type." Underneath the bar, Kevin reached over and took Bob's hand, stating "why don't we get out of here anyway, its dead." He placed Bob's hand right on his bulging jeans. "Let's see what fun we can find?"

We almost ran back to our room. Just as Kevin got through the door, Bob was all over him. Our clothes were flying as we tore them from our bodies. As Kevin pulled his shirt over his head, Bob undid his pants and pulled them and his briefs to the floor. Bob was then just inches from Kevin's rock hard 8+ inch cock. I also quickly got naked dropped down on the couch with my cock in hand expecting to watch Bob suck Kevin dry. 

Kevin walked over to me also stroking his beautiful cock. His cock was thick, and the head was large and purple. His balls hung large and low. He just stared at my crotch and began to stroke in rhythm with him. Bob meanwhile was furiously trying to shed his clothes and join us. Kevin stood next to me and then fed me his cock.

The head was red-hot and seeping precum. It tasted delicious. My free hand cupped his balls, and replaced his hand on the shaft. Bob and slid next to me on the couch and freed up my other hand as he began to stroke my cock and his. Kevin's cock was now covered in my spit and seriously leaking. I was lavishing his head with tongue leaving it dripping, when he pulled away. He now stood in front of Bob and straddled his legs and fed him his dripping cock. My hunger for cock took over and I dove into Bob's crotch. Bob's cock which yesterday seemed large as he fucked me seemed so much smaller compared to Kevin's. I took it entirely in mouth and my nose was buried in Bob's pubes. I looked up from Bob's crotch and had a wonderful view of Kevin's cock sliding in and out as he now earnestly fucked Bob's face. 

I resumed my tonguing of Bob's head when I felt Kevin's long fingers begin to play with my ass. He grabbed my waist and pulled me up, bent with head in Bob's crotch and my ass up for him. His cock was dripping now with Bob's saliva and a serious amount of precum. He pushed against my hole and I pushed back. The initial pain made me gasp. Kevin moaned as his head popped in. 

I focused on the cock in my mouth as Kevin slid into me. Soon the pain was replaced with pleasure. His cock filled me like never before. I could hardly focus on Bob's cock. As Kevin began to pump me harder, it became impossible to suck Bob. Bob soon slipped off the couch and underneath me. As Kevin plunged into me, my cock now slid in and out of Bob's mouth. I was heaven. I soon was moaning in pleasure. (Yes I am a screamer!) My moans were joined by Kevin's as I could tell he was about to cum. He plunged deep into me as he let loose his warm stream. I immediately exploded, gagging Bob and covering his face in what was likely the strongest ejaculation I ever had. 

Kevin pulled out as he came also showering Bob's neck chest with his cum.

Poor Bob was sitting on the floor. His cock aching for relief and covered with our cum. Kevin dropped to the floor and was soon sucking Bob with gusto. He would bring Bob close to cumming then back off, slowly stroking and calming Bob down. He did this several times. My cock soon was recovering watching this wonderful scene. Kevin then stood up. His cock had recovered nicely and was ready to go. 

Bob took my place with his ass in the air and hands on the couch. Kevin grabbed the bottle of lube we left on the side table. Without Bob's copious spit this time, he had to lube Bob's ass liberally and slathered his cock as well. As I slid underneath to suck Bob's balls, I was able to watch him push his cock in. Bob gasped as Kevin was less hesitant this time and soon was fully into Bob's ass. It didn't take long for Bob to let go. I had just gotten his head in mouth when he began to tense up. I could feel him trying to hold on. I quickly took his entire cock in my mouth. He let out a low moan as he burst. The first stream hit the back of throat. I swallowed hard, but was hit the next wave. As I slurped up his cum, Kevin was pounding his ass hard. Kevin's face was red, squinting with pleasure. He soon began to moan again and let loose. His knees nearly buckling as he came. Bob collapsed on the couch as Kevin's fading erection slid out. Panting, Kevin too fell on to us. We all lay there panting, cum soaked and sweaty. 

It was only 10 and the night was still young. We decided to shower and see what other trouble we could get into on my last night. A few more drinks at the bar, Kevin left us to rejoin his group. Bob and I headed back to the room that still smelled of sex. We slipped naked and drifted off to sleep.