 I opened the door just a little bit and peeked out.

There stood a well-built man outside my door with a big grin on his face.

"Hi, I saw your show through the window and figured that you needed some company. Can I come in?"

"I...I'm not really.."

"Oh, come on. I know you will like it."

He opened his zipper and took out a long and beautiful cock. Mesmerized by the sight I opened the door and let him in.

When I had closed the door behind him I got down on my knees and took hold of his warm and wonderful cock.

I licked at the head while stroking his long, thick shaft.

"Yeah, that's right, suck my cock. Make me ready to push it up your tight little ass."

Now I had as much of his cock in my mouth as I could fit and slowly fucked him with my mouth, going back and forth over his shaft and cock head with my lips as I played with my tongue over it.

After only a few minutes he started grumping and I understood that he was about to come.

I massaged his balls and felt him clench up and he shot his warm and sticky load into my open mouth.

When I had swallowed his tasty semen I sucked the last few drops from his still hard cock.

"Go and lay down on the sofa in the same position as I saw you in before."

I lied down with my head on the edge of the seat cushion and my back against the back rest and my ass up in the air.

He had found my new, big dildo laying on the floor and after putting some lube on it he approached me.

Once again I took his cock into my mouth and he placed the dildo against my eager ass hole.

Slowly he pushed the tip inside me before pulling it back out.

Next time he went a little bit deeper before pulling out. And even deeper the next time, and the it was all the way in with the rubber balls pushing against my stretched ass.

He pulled it all the way out before pushing it in again, faster and faster he fucked me with the big rubber cock.

My cock was now rock hard and I stroked it at the same pace as he fucked me with the dildo.

I was almost about to come when he pulled the dildo out of my ass and stepped back so that his cock left my mouth. His eyes was fixed at my gaping ass hole and i stopped stroking my cock, eager to see what he had in mind next.

He told me to lay over the arm rest with one leg on each side with my head on the back rest and my ass out over the edge of the armrest.

Then he carefully drove his long and hard cock into my waiting ass.

As he pushed it in I could feel every vein along his shaft and it felt wonderful as he pushed himself up my ass.

My stiff cock was grinded against the sofa and was leaking out fluid onto the arm rest.

I was in heaven getting fucked hard by his fantastic cock, hoping that he would fuck me forever.

After a while he placed me on my back on the table and fucked my ass while he stroked my cock.

This was too much for me and I shot my load at my stomach.

He took some of my sperm on his finger and pushed it into my mouth and told me to suck at it.

I sucked at his finger while he kept on fucking me hard up my ass and I could tell that he was about to come again.

He pulled out and shouted to me to suck him, so I went to my knees as fast as I could and started to suck on his cock.

As it came straight from my ass it tasted a bit funny but it was ok, and since he had his hands around my head there wasn't much I could do about it.

He pushed himself as far down my throat as he could before releasing his load.

After the first spurts he pulled out and placed the last of his load on my face.

He told me not to wipe it off and placed the big dildo on the corner of the table and told me to mount it.

I slowly sat down on it and rode it while he sat in the sofa looking at me.

I felt his cum dribbling down my face on onto my chest, mixing with my one load from before he came in.

After a while his cock started to get hard again and he told me to lay over the armrest with my feet on the floor and upper body on the seat of the sofa. That way he could have access to my ass without me seeing what it was he put in me.

He now inserted either of my dildos into my ass or his cock and I had to guess what it was. It wasn't so hard to guess because they all feel quite different.

After that he gave me the big dildo to suck at while he inserted his cock in my ass again. And then he tried to push in the smaller dildo alongside his cock. I had tried that before with my dildos but without success.

But bit by bit he managed to get both his cock and the dildo in my expanded ass hole.

I groaned and almost bit down on the dildo in my mouth as he pressed inside me.

Now he fucked my asshole, leaving the dildo as far inside as possible.

Apparently he liked the sensation of my tight hole pressing around his cock because it didn't take long before he shot his load up my ass.

He told me to give him the bigger dildo which he replaced his cock with when he drew out.

It was harder to get in than his cock but finally he managed and now I had both my dildos up my ass.

The sensation was phenomenal and I had the most powerful orgasm I have ever had.

When I came to he had left the apartment so I pushed out the dildos and headed for the shower, hoping that I would meet him again.

To be continued...