 I looked at the little emo fag kneeling between my burly legs and couldn't help but wonder how lucky I was. He was dressed in only black and white striped knee-high socks and finger-less elbow length gloves. His teased hair was to his dainty shoulders and had pink streaks running through it as well as my strong fingers tangled through it. His mascara was running due to him choking on my dick a bit too soon, but I didn't mind. He patted my thighs and I knew he needed to breathe so I let go to let him cough and gasp before forcing him right back onto my cock. He smiled up at me as best he could with a dick shoved down his throat and I knew he knew I needed to win this battle of wills.

I tore him off my penis before picking him up, flipping him on the bed, and going to town rimming his boipussy hidden between his fat butt cheeks. He moaned and groaned as I pushed my tongue deeper into his asshole and knew he would be ready for my dick soon. 

"Eat me out you fuck!" he screamed while pinching one of my hard-ass nipples on my wide, muscled chest. "Make me ready for your huge donkey dick! I can't have my precious holes hurt by my brutish slave now!" and I began to be more enthusiastic in my efforts in eating him out, eager to please.

Oh you heard right. He is the one controlling this relationship. I was the tall, strong, built slave, he was my dainty, emo, power bottom master, and if I didn't please him tonight he said his would never pork my bung hole again. That may sound strange, but I loved the feel of his emo donger in my slutty asshole, but he loved being the one taking my dick and only fucked my ass if I was an extremely good boy. The reason for this threat though was because last time he blew me, I came in his throat too soon and as punishment I almost lost my privilege of his dick in my ass unless I could make him cum first before releasing my seed into him. He was finally prepped enough for me, and I flipped him onto his back and spread his thin, long legs, I placed the head of my penis against his rim before looking up for permission which he gave.

I forced it in all at once and he screamed out a quite erotic moan, "YES! Your dick feels so good! Such a good whore for being able to get balls deep in me so quickly. Now pound my ass. Make me so cum crazy that I want to get pregnant from your jizz." I did as I was commanded and grabbed his girly hip; loving the sound of our slapping skin. I wish I could bind him to me by making him pregnant because I knew he could leave me any day once he got bored of me... but that was a fear better not thought of in the moment.

He squeezed around me as he wrapped his legs around my waist and I grunted, "You feel so good. You're the best!" the feeling of his socks against my sides was a feeling that brought back memories of the fuck sessions of our past, making this moment even more special to me.

"Oh I know. I also know you can't get enough of me. I can't get enough of you either," He the did the rare thing of reaching out to wrap his arms around my neck before kissing me furiously. I almost came right then and there with how perfect this all was. When he stopped the kiss he only smirked as I pounded into him faster. I was getting close but I needed him to cum first so I didn't lose.

He let out a groaning moan that signaled to me he was getting closer than I thought. I then felt a wetness hit my abs and I knew that he came and came a lot.

"Fill me with your cum you bastard! Don't you DARE stop pounding me until I get all of the cum up my ass! Make me cum again from your cum!" I kept pounding him, but I let myself release into his hole as I did it. 

He mumbled some gibberish about making him pregnant and bring full, but I couldn't understand anything else as I came into him. I began kissing his throat, hoping to leave a hickey or two as I tweaked his nipples. I felt another spurt hit me on my chest this time and I knew my cum made his cum again making me fill with masculine pride.

After a bit I started to slow down in my cock spitting as well as my thrusts into him until I finally stopped and flipped us very so he was laying on my chest with my cock still plugged into him.

He was quiet and I knew it was because he passed out from pleasure like every other time I get so enthused in our love making. I kissed him on his forehead lovingly before whispering the words I could only say when he was unaware, "I love you."

I then jumped because he hugged me and smirked up at my blushing face, "Love you too baby." He moved his way up to my mouth and kissed me before his more turned into a true smile, "and I really mean that."

I felt my cock twitch and he let out such a cute little moan, "Not yet! My future husband is so impatient!" I stopped and stared up at him in shock again, "That's right. I want to marry you, you hot fucker. I was going to say the love thing and propose to you tonight, but I couldn't wait."

"Well I guess my plans for our anniversary next week will be wasted too," I chuckled and he kissed me before grinding his ass causing us to both moan.

"Alright. I am ready again. Fuck your fiancé again."

"As long as you promise to fuck me for my anniversary present," I stated and held his hips down against mine. 

"Alright. Just let me ride you already." He pouted at me.

"With pleasure."