 It's So Different With Someone You know

My first date with another guy. 

I had done the gay sauna bit and the male massage stuff, in fact I had been doing them for a couple of years or so. Hence, I had been 'hand relieved' several times, been given a couple of blow jobs and had sucked one guy. So as far as the basic stuff was concerned I was fairly experienced. What I had not done was fuck or be fucked. And more and more that was what I wanted. Whilst probably versatile I felt more akin to being a bottom and often visualised being had by an attractive guy around my mid- forties age.

I had offers, both at the sauna and with a masseur. But somehow paying to be fucked by a guy who has massaged me or losing my anal virginity in one of the tiny cells on a plastic covered, make do, bed didn't seem appropriate. I guess, in a way, I felt like a teenage girl does about having her cherry plucked, I wanted nice surroundings, an intimate and erotic atmosphere, some affection and knowing the person who takes it. Losing it to a stranger did not interest me at all.

In my mind I would meet someone. He would need to be clean and good looking, well built around six feet tall with no excess fat. Clean shaven or facial hair was immaterial, but I would prefer a hairy chest and would, unless there were other very compensating factors, steer away from men who are shaven all over; I prefer the natural look. We would get to know each other perhaps over drinks and then would have dinner together. If all goes well we would then go to the hotel room we had previously booked for the night. Yes I wanted to be wooed on a date and then fucked by a friend not a stranger.

Although I visit male massage places and go to a gay sauna about once a month, I still have an active sex life with my wife who really is quite gorgeous and very sexy although not very adventurous. We do not, as such, have an open marriage, but an 'understanding' in that we both have our own lives. We do not ask the other about that so it is probable that Kelly has the odd sexual adventure on the side as, indeed I do. Hers are unlikely to be with other women as I have been trying to get her to have a threesome with another girl for years. Her mantra of 'I have no interest in other women' is not only frustrating for me but also most disappointing.

*

I had to visit the company's head office in San Francisco. The London office where I worked had been made responsible for developing an integrated, global social media platform. It was my responsibility to launch, install and train the key personnel in the major locations round the world. My assistant had scheduled a series of presentations to senior managers that together with the formal global launch and a series of training sessions programmes would keep me there for two weeks; what a lovely assignment!

The manager responsible for 'owning' the process in HO was Merve Galway. I had met him at corporate events a few times and he and our wives, Helga and Kelly had dined together both in London and in New York in the past year or so. I liked him and we got on well. More to the point the girls got on well and I felt as did Kelly, that we came near to partner swapping and had we have had longer in NY then we may well have done.

"Why don't you come out to the house at the weekend?" Merve had said on the Thursday. "Get some sun, relax by the pool, swim."

As I worked most evenings keeping in touch with what was happening in London and then started work at six thirty in the morning I had earmarked the weekend as my fun time and had identified a couple of likely looking gay saunas where I could extend my bi experiences. Hence, I was a little reluctant to accept, but felt that it would be rude not to and who knows, perhaps he and his wife Helga had an mmf threesome planned, I thought rather forlornly.

The company had supplied me with a car so I was cruising down route 101 towards Mountainview late on the Saturday morning. The traffic was light so it only took forty minutes or so.

"Where's Helga?" I asked Merve after he had greeted me, led me through to the pool area and we both had beers.

"Oh she had to visit her mum in Seattle, she said to say hi."

We chatted away for a while until Merve said.

"That pool looks inviting James, shall we?"

"Why not?"

"You can leave your clothe in the conservatory," he told me as he walked away.

When he returned with a dark green and mauve towel round his waist I was down to my boxers.

He stood just outside the open conservatory door about ten feet or so from me and looked at me. I held his gaze.

"Actually James, when it's all boys together or sometimes when girls are here as well, we don't bother with swim clothes..." He paused for a moment before continuing. "It's completely private and secluded," as he unravelled the towel and let it fall open still holding it.

I gulped. He was totally naked and looked great. He had a good body, with a flat stomach, long lithe legs and a toned and nice, slightly hairy chest.

"Oh I see," I stammered, not knowing quite what to do.

"Your call of course," he went on staring at me.

I know that I have a pretty good physique and that I am reasonably well hung; visiting gay saunas gives you plenty of opportunity to compare yourself to others, so I am not embarrassed with being naked. This was different though. I had no idea what Merve was about and my heart started to pound when I wondered whether this was a come on and if he was hitting on me. I had absolutely no reason to believe that he was bi for he had given no hint of anything like that and, of course, he had a gorgeous wife. But then, I rationalised, so did I.

I had almost forgotten that I had messed around quite a lot with other men and that for several months I had wanted to meet someone and go on a date. But not just a date for I now wanted to be fucked. Several guys at the sauna had offered to have me, but the surroundings of the sauna were not conducive to that; I really did not want to lose my bi virginity in a tiny cell. Although not a naturally submissive sort of guy I felt that I was far more inclined to being a bottom than a top. I had not discussed actual penetration with anyone, but I didn't have a great urge to fuck another guy, although I thought that I probably would if he wanted me to. 

I was nervous. My hands were shaking as I pushed my boxers down and stood before Merve naked.

"Come on let's swim. Ever swum naked?" he asked.

I almost told him that I had several times at the gay sauna, but felt that might not be wise, after all so far there had been no hint of anything other than nudity. And two men being naked together did not add up to anything other than naturism, or did it?

We swam for a while then both laid out in the sun. A couple of times I wondered whether he would offer to put sun oil on me by way of an advance, but alas he didn't. In any case it was not really that hot just low seventies so it was not really necessary.

Round about four when it was getting chilly he suggested we grill some steak, which he did brilliantly. 

"Just pop this on if you are chilly," he said handing me a fluffy, white dressing gown. "We can eat out here then."

We had a nice meal with a bottle of Californian red. That loosened us up quite a bit and somehow the conversation got round to our wives.

"Have you and Kelly ever been swingers?" He somewhat shocked me by asking.

"Er no, no we haven't."

"It's just that Helga got the impression that you and Kelly had a fairly open marriage."

"We do but not that far, well not yet at least. How about you?"

"Yes Helg and I do from time to time."

"Enjoy it?"

"Yes we do very much and we think it helps our marriage."

I was enjoying the whole thing, but particularly the intimacy of the conversation.

We had finished the bottle while we still eating so standing up and going into the house he opened another and stood in front of me and went to pour it.

"Er I had better stop now."

"Stop what?"

"Drinking, I daren't risk driving into town with a bottle of red inside me."

"No I guess not," he said looking down at me his hand not holding the bottle resting on his stomach.

"Then stay."

"What stay the night, we can get smashed then."

"Er, um..." I hesitated seeing my night at a San Francisco gay sauna going out the window.

"I have plenty of room James," he went on as I watched him pull the tie on his robe. It fell open and the sides parted. I saw his cock and my heart leaped when I saw that it was half erect. He continued. "Yes we have a full King size James and you are more than willing to have Helga's half.

I couldn't speak. How the hell he worked out that he was doing precisely what I had hoped for all day, I wondered as he closed the distance between us and slipped his hand inside the lapel of my gown and right onto my breast? He squeezed it and pinched my nipple.

Smiling he whispered. "Of course if you prefer there are other bedrooms," he went on suggestively pushing his hardening cock towards me. "Your choice James."

"Oh Merve," I muttered feeling embarrassed, aroused and surprised at the same time.

"So is that bed or another room?" he grinned bending so that our faces were almost touching.

Smiling I replied. "If you snore it would be another room."

"I am as quiet as a mouse," he whispered 

Taking hold of my hand he said. "Stand up James."

I did as he asked and watched almost mesmerised as he undid the tie on my dressing gown and pulled it apart. He slipped it off and put his arms round me. 

"You have a gorgeous body James," he muttered and an absolutely delicious prick. 

He kissed me full on the mouth.

I had only kissed a few men at the sauna and that was with a couple of exceptions disappointing. So if anyone asked I would demure and say I didn't kiss; as many of the guys there don't. As Merve kissed me though, I became a fan. He was an expert and kissed as good if not better than Kelly did. He eased my gown off and it slid to the floor.

"Turn round sexy," he whispered.

Behind me he fitted his length into the top of the crease of my butt, going more along the coccyx than actually in the crevice. Kissing my neck and shoulders he reached round me pulling my back against his chest as he ran his fingers over mine, cupping my boobs and pinching my nipples.

"You have great tits James."

His hands and fingers ran all over my front going slowly downwards across my lower chest, over my waist and onto my stomach either side of my cock that was now fully erect. As he teased and caressed me down there I was willing him to grasp my cock and wank it. I wanted sex with him. Almost anything, but certainly something!

"Oh Merve," I groaned as his hands and figures tantalised my body, my breasts, my stomach and eventually my cock and balls. It was wonderful. 

He pulled my head round so that we could kiss. He kissed so well. Sucking and licking my top then bottom lips he used all of his mouth and tongue on and in mine. As he did that he was slowly wanking me with one hand while the other cupped my breasts and pulled my nipples and at the same time he was gently thrusting his cock up and down the base of my spine and between my cheeks. It was hugely arousing, but so much more than that for in addition to the excitement that his mouth, hands and cock were giving me his whole being was showing such wonderful tenderness and affection. It was so much more satisfying having sex with someone I knew than all the sex I had enjoyed with strangers.

As he turned me round he said grinning.

"I take it you will be sharing my bed then James."

I smiled back. "It is certainly looking that way isn't it?"

"Have you ever slept with a bi lover?"

"No never."

"Mmmm it's lovely to wake up with a hard cock pressed against your ass or with a hand on your hard on."

As he finished saying that we kissed again and ground our chests, stomachs, legs and of course cocks together as we continued the deep and passionate kissing that added so much more to what we were doing than the rather clinical pure sex I had experienced previously. However, it was not just that which was making this so special. It was also the setting. It felt wonderful and very exciting to be naked outside doing what we were. I had not had any bi experiences out of doors and I was loving it.

But I was getting worried. He seemed so experienced and even now his fingers were in my crease pressing on and examining my anal hole. Nothing had been said other than sleeping in his bed, about fucking and I worried about what his reaction would be when I told him I was a virgin and a bottom. The way that he had 'seduced' me strongly suggested that he was a top or a switch, but I was not experienced or knowledgeable enough to deduce that myself. Of course it was just about possible that he would not want to fuck me and I momentarily thought of not telling him I had never had full sex either way. I rejected that notion out of hand as I needed him to be gentle, careful and considerate when we did it as I was pretty sure we would and even more sure that I wanted him to fuck me.

Easing me backwards I came up against the table. He kept pushing so that I was perched on the edge.

"Sit there and open your legs," he ordered as he sank to his knees.

Pulling my cock away from my body with one hand he cupped my balls with the other. Kissing the tip of it he looked up and caught my gaze.

"Okay babe?"

"Mmmmm, yes of course," I sighed as I cradled his short, dark hair covered head in my hands and stroked it.

He took me in his mouth and ran it up and down my cock several times. It was lovely and well on a par with what Kelly and most of the other women who had sucked my cock had done. He licked, sucked, kissed, stroked and fondled my cock, stomach, thighs and balls taking me very near to a climax.

"Merve stop."

"Why?"

"I am near to cumming."

"So?"

"It's too soon and I want us to cum together."

"Good idea, we'll leave the big number until we're in that bed later shall we?"

Assuming he meant fucking, I felt relieved and readily agreed. Grabbing my hand he said. "Come on," and led me over to a four-seater, patio settee with deep cushions located under a large, white umbrella. I trusted Merve about it being secluded but if anyone had been watching and had seen these two nicely proportioned, naked guys walking across the patio with their stunningly erect cocks bobbing around before them I wondered just what they would think.

Standing beside it we kissed and again squirmed our cocks together. He pulled on me and I nearly fell, but he held me and gently lowered us both onto the settee. Sitting side by side our legs touching we were turned to half face each other so that the left half of my chest was pressed against his right breast. He grasped my cock.

"Ok you little tart, sorry," Merve said squeezing my cock that was slightly longer and thicker than his. "Not so much of the little."

"What more of the tart?" I joked grabbing his prick.

"Yes much more so let me finish what I started," he sighed starting to masturbate me.

I did the same. My left arm was round his waist and I slid my hand down and caressed his bum. His right arm was round my shoulders and he slid his hand down my chest and stroked my boob.

We wanked each other. It was slow at first, but with all the build up over the last hour or so I knew I wouldn't last, but I didn't want to cum first and keep him hanging on so I was relieved when he groaned.

"You little slut you've done I am so near."

We both increased the pace of our rubbing the other's dick.

"Good so am I?"

"Then cum you fucker cum."

And then I was. It happened quickly. One moment I was okay and thought I could go on for some time and then the next I was thrusting hard into the surrogate cunt, well I suppose in the circumstances arse would be more apt, as my cock exploded and my spunk shot all over his hand stomach and thighs. I had hardly started when Merve moaned.

"Oh fuck yes, yes, yes," and I felt his warm sticky goo on my hand.

"Oh James you British certainly are something," he grinned as he kissed me again. "That was fabulous."

"You're not so bad yourself Merve," I replied adding with a grin. "For a yank."

"Don't be fucking rude, come on in the pool."

We swam for a while and then went inside. It was getting dark and the warmth of the day had gone. In the house it was fine. Then started one of the most bizarre, yet interesting and exciting nights of my life.

"Let's shoot some pool," he suggested after he had led me down into the basement although as the house was built on a hill there were still windows. And still naked we played a few games with the lights on and the curtains not drawn.

"You sure no one can see in?" I asked as I was bent over about to take a shot when he stroked my bum.

"Don't think so, but fuck 'em if they can, fancy a joint?" he asked going to a cupboard and returning with a tobacco tin. We shared a really nice, but quite strong smoke that made my head swim.

Around nine he asked if I was hungry. I said I was a little peckish.

"Well there's no food here Helga never learned to cook she was too busy learning to fuck."

I laughed.

"You know James she really had a hard on for you?"

"Did she? Why didn't she say?"

"A slut she may be, but she is a respectful one and she respects Kelly who she also had a hard on for."

"You should have said or did you not fancy Kelly."

"Of course I fancied her, we really missed out didn't we?"

"It seems that way."

"So next time Hel and I are in London or the four of us are together...?" he said not finishing.

"Does Helga know about this?"

"What?"

"You and other guys."

"Yes of course she has watched me fuck a few"

I was beginning to realise just how far out of my comfort zone I was and was pleased when he asked if pizzas were okay.

"Sure anything."

I was amazed when after he had finished ordering them he said to the take out place. 

"I must tell you that I am a nudist so when the food is delivered I will be naked. If you or the delivery person finds that offensive then fuck off and I will find someone who doesn't."

It didn't seem to faze them and Merve opened the door twenty or so minutes later stark bollock naked. Oddly that reinforced why I like and admire many aspects of America so much for there are few other countries that would so respect an individual's rights as to deliver pizzas to a naked man.

We started on the third bottle of red wine.

"Let's watch some porn," he suggested switching on his laptop and the large plasma. "No perhaps not here James?"

"No why not?"

Looking me right in the eye and looping his arm round my shoulders he muttered. "Let's watch it in bed before or as we fuck. By the way James I am a dedicated top."

The master bedroom was the first floor of the house. There was an enormous bedroom, a wet room two showers and a sunken bath, a dressing room and a small gym. It was lovely and dimly lit. It made me think 'how romantic?' and, I realised with a bit of a jolt that was exactly what I wanted. Everything today with Merve had been so far detached from the saunas that it was almost as if I was doing something different to what I did there. I doubted that I would want to go back to using them and I made a vow to find a Merve in the UK.

The bed was huge. As I looked at it a shiver went through me as I realised that this was where I would be fucked for the first time. Although I was in absolutely no state to drive I felt that I should level with Merve and give him the chance to ditch me if he wanted even if that meant me returning to my hotel.

"Merve I have to tell you something?" I said as we walked up the two flights of stairs.

"What?"

