 Dinner was unusually quiet as I could tell my mother had something on her mind. After the table was cleared she told me she had heard something that really disturbed her. 

"Jimmy, I spoke with a woman today who lives in the complex and she told me.......oh god I almost can't say it. She told me you......have been seeing her husband and........" I hung my head as I knew what was coming. I am sure that she could read the guilt on my face. "So it's true, you have been sucking her husbands cock!'

Now my mother is no prude. She openly talked to me about sex and girls. She has her share of lovers, my father took off on us when I was three. She is an attractive woman in her late thirties and has needs of her own.

"Are you gay?" She asked.

"I don't know, I just like doing it."

"Is he... is he... the only one?" She looked away almost not wanting to here the answer.

"No, there are four or five."

"Which is it? I need to know as we are going to put a stop to this."

I hesitated, taking a count in my head "Six."

She fought back the tears. "My son is a ...a...I can't even say it. So all those times that you would leave early or come back late from school you were meeting these men. How did all this start?"

Well it had started when I went to borrow some tools from Jake the maintenance man to work on my bicycle. He had a basement storeroom and I walked in on him jerking off to a magazine. After some awkward silence and me staring at his hard black cock, he invited me to suck him off. The minute he came I knew I wanted to do this a lot more. He said I was a born cocksucker, I didn't even flinch and swallowed his cum without hesitating. 

He told me he was married and this had to be an occasional thing and we needed to be really discreet. But I wanted it more than every couple weeks. So he came up with a plan. He told me there are a lot of guys that might want to get their cocks sucked and he would keep his ears open and let them know I was willing. It didn't take long. Jake gave me a key to one of the storerooms in an adjacent building and I set up an old chair with some blankets were I could meet and suck these men.

I loved it. Most were married and begged for my discretion. It didn't take long for me to get pretty good at it. I tried my best to make it last as sometimes they were too quick to cum for me, so I would spend plenty of time sucking and licking their balls and shaft, but they all loved that I would swallow their loads without hesitation. They claimed their wives either wouldn't let them come in their mouth or wouldn't suck them at all. What a waste I thought. Of course there was one man who when he got ready he would stand up, grab my hair and jack his cum all over my face. This went on for months, sometimes going days without hooking up and sometimes sucking three in one day. I bought a pager and when someone needed my services they just paged in the time. I never knew whom I was meeting but I didn't care. I just wanted to get their cocks in my mouth and drain their balls.

So imagine the look of horror on their faces as one by one they walked into the storeroom and confronted my mother. Threats of telling their wives, police calls were enough to have them begging for mercy. But the one page, the man that I loved being with the most, my jack off fantasy, his page hadn't arrived. I had never met with him as often as the others but he was the one I couldn't do without and I told my mother so.

Eventually the page arrived and we were there early to surprise my would be lover. The door opened right on time and in stepped Mr. Lynch, a tall ruggedly handsome man. I believe he worked construction and kept in great shape.

Before he could run Mom stepped in and closed the door behind him, "No you don't. Let's just say we're adding some spontaneity to this get together." Mr. Lynch, obviously stunned and taken aback stammered for some words.

"uh.....Mrs...uh....Benton I assume. Jimmy....um....does some odd jobs around the place on occasion...usually stuff the janitor is too busy to get to. But I don't need anything right now." he said trying to push his way to the door, unsuccessfully.

"I've talked to the janitor. Its seems my son has become an expert in indoor plumbing." Mom said sarcastically as she pushed him further into the room. "Let's discuss the odd jobs you have my son do for you."

Tension filled the placed. My own nervousness was alleviated by the confrontations we had already with the others but, so I sat and listened. "Can you please let me know what this is about." He said, trying to act calm."

"Come on Greg,...may I call you Greg?" she said with a condescending air. "Let's cut the bullshit. You know why we are here. My son has been giving blowjobs to several men in the building, including you, and I am here to say that my son's days as a slut are over...."

"Please......I don't deny it.........but it was all consensual. I never forced him to do anything he didn't want to! I never knew of the others!" Which was true, I never spoke of the others to try to keep this a secret. I had not said a word to this point, there was nothing to say as I had told her all of it.

"Yes, I know that," she said dropping her head with a sigh of despair. "That is why I am here alone and not with the police. This was brought to my attention by the wife of one of my sons...acquaintances. She has promised me it is between her and her husband and would not be spoken of again, to anyone."

"And I assure you I will not see or talk to your son again. O.K. Jimmy?" Greg said trying to slowly move towards the door. "What we did was wrong. I am much older than you and should have known better."

"Well I am glad we all agree on that." Mom said, cutting off his retreat. "But.......my dilemma is I can't keep watch on him every minute and I can't lock him in his room. I am afraid he'll sneak out and pick up strangers on the street." Mom had a look of acceptance and understanding on her face. "If this is what he wants I can't force him to change. As long as you treat him with respect and keep it a secret I'll allow him one lover." She smiled at me and nodded her head toward Mr. Lynch. We both looked at each other a little confused about what was happening here. "Go on....I want to see what is so special about Mr. Lynch."

"Thanks Mom" I yelled, almost jumping out of the chair and headed towards the man, and the cock I now realized I didn't have to do without. He, of course had no idea how to react to this turnabout.

"Wa...Wait a minute....you are going to let us........?" by this time I was on my knees at his feet undoing his belt.

"Don't mind me." Mom said as she settled back in the corner of the small room. As I said, Mom is not a prude. 

Standing before me I slid his pants down his legs and pulled his socks off as he stepped out of them. I had him remove his shirt to reveal his broad smooth chest as he stood before me in only his boxers. I wanted Mom to see what a fine body he had and I was ready to put on a show, with the main star about to be debuted. I caressed his muscular thighs and slid my hand up his short to fondle his balls while I massaged his cock through the fabric. He began to moan softly and run his fingers through my hair. Hooking my fingers in the waistband I began to slowly slide his boxers down until his magnificent meat popped into view, now completely naked.

"Oh my." Mom whispered to herself. That's right, Mr. Lynch was hung like one of the men in Jakes mags. Even soft he was as big as the other men I was sucking, thick and cut with a full sack of balls. Having Mom watching gave him stage fright I am sure but that was fine by me as I love to feel a cock grow in my mouth as I suckle on it. I pressed my face to his crotch inhaling his scent and began to lick and suck his balls while gently stroking his shaft. It was time for a taste as I began to lick and swirl my tongue around his big mushroom head, probing his piss slit. 

"That's it boy...time to suck that cock." He said finally breaking the silence. I of course did as I was told and opening my mouth slowly began to suck him in taking him deeper with each bob of my head. "Yeah....work that dick.......ooohh you cocksucker, you love sucking this big dick don't you?" He was finally back to his old self, maybe he even forgot we had a spectator in the room. I could only moan my answer as I sucked and stroked him to a beautiful 9" hard-on. He stepped back pulling his rod from my mouth. The dark veins pulsed down the shaft and the foreskin was pulled back exposing the purplish head. Unlike the smaller cocks which were hard as steel and curved up, making them hard to suck, his retains almost a pliable stiffness with a downward curve that seemed to settle perfectly into my mouth.

I followed him as he sat back on the chair and I took my position between his spread legs. I took a glance at my mother whose eyes were transfixed on the giant dick before me, her jaw a little slack in disbelief. 

"C'mon...show her what a hell of a cocksucker you are.........how much you want that cum!" He was right. I wanted to show her. I began to lick his shaft backward from head to balls, working my way to his ass. He put his head back "Yeaahh baby.... tongue that hole........rim me." He pulled his legs back as I spread his ass cheeks and began to lick and probe his brown eye, lapping his hole and going back and forth from balls to ass. After I don't know how many minutes he was ready for more and so was I.

"All right.....it's time to show her how to suck some dick........to take it deep, just like I taught you." He had indeed taught me. It took several months but I was on occasion able to take him to the root, to feel his shaft pulse in my throat. A lot of gagging and choking usually accompanied it but this time I wanted to put on a good show.

I returned to the head and took him in my mouth and began an up and down sucking that would have me deep-throating this wonderful cock. Each time I took him a little deeper, fighting to ignore the gag reflex. Up and down, he put his hands on my head and began to move his hips up to help push into my throat. He was gentle enough. When I began to choke up he would withdraw and we would start again.

"Almost there. Just a couple more inches. Relax a bit and you'll have all this cock, .....mmmmmmm, this mouth is all mine. She gave you to me. You'll be suckin' this big dick and swallowing my cum whenever I need it." With this he arched his back and drove his cock in to the balls. My eye's watered, I was short of breadth and spit dribbled down and around his tightening balls but I had all of him. 

"Oh my god, Jimmy!" Mom said, obviously stunned that I could take it all. Short up and down motions work best for me, coming up for air every few seconds of course. I worked his sensitive cockhead with my lips before slowly taking him deep again and again. While doing this I held his cock still with one hand while I slicked my fingers with the spit around his balls and began to massage his anus.

"Oooooohhh......keep that up........aaahhh.....my cum is boiling in my balls. Show her how much you love my giz. He swallows every drop...don't ya cocksucker." Again all I could do was moan my approval as I worked my finger past his sphincter and began to saw it in and out which sent him over the edge.

"Oh shit.........here it is, I'm coming!" He let go of my head so I could hold just his cockhead in my mouth while I stroked him to orgasm. He writhed beneath me, thrusting his hips up to propel his load deep into my throat. "Fuck yeah.....damn!" he yelled as the first jets of spunk flooded my mouth, hot and thick. I could feel his shaft pulse with every wave of cum. His cock popped from my lips and more cum streamed out, splattering my face and coating my hand and his balls. I clamped my lips on his cockhead as he pumped out the last of his load, savoring the bitter smoothness of his giz. 

"Great blowjob boy..... your son is one hell of a cocksucker Mrs. Benton." He said as I nursed on his deflating shaft. It was I who had forgotten she was in this room and this was the only time a shiver of guilt went through me. "If we could still get together I would really appreciate it. Complete discretion of course."

"Ready for round two?" he asked. 

"Again?" She asked. I gave her a little nod and returned to my task.

His cock was never satisfied with one blowjob. This one took some work. His semi erect cock swelled again, and from now on little was said. All that could be heard was the slurping of my sucking mouth and his grunts and moans of approval. When I thought my jaws and throat could take no more I took his hand and had him hold my head in place. He knew I just needed that extra coaxing and would pump his magnificent cock in and out of my mouth. Inevitably the cock needed to cum, and I closed my eyes as the shaft pulsed and throbbed as spurt after spurt filled my mouth. I savored his cum before letting it slide down my sore throat.

Slumping to the floor I looked at my mother through glazed eyes. "I want to keep seeing him Mom." I said sheepishly.

"Look at you." She said, reaching into her purse and pulling out some tissue. "You have cum on your face and in your hair." With a smile on her face she cleaned me up. "I won't spoil your fun, but he's the only one." We headed for the door, Mr. Lynch still butt naked in the chair but much relieved in a number of ways. "Have you ever sodomized my son?" She shot at him with a sudden turn.

"No, I swear. Again I have never done anything he wasn't into and never anal sex."

"Well Jimmy." she said, looking down at his flaccid but still impressive cock. "You've got a hell of a treat in store for you."