 Its So Different With Someone You know cont'd.

My first date and second fuck with another guy. 

*

This is a continuation of my account of my first date and first fuck. It stands alone as an erotic tale, but would make more sense if the earlier account was read first.

*****

As I awoke I half expected to find a hard cock pressed up against my arse or to have a hand fondling my dick. But there was neither. In fact when I looked over my shoulder Merve was not there either. However, I was not disappointed. The feelings and sentiments of yesterday's highly charged events had gone. They were yesterday's and now I had to cope with today's. And today did not seem to call for intimacy, affection and strong sexual lust.

"Hi thought we'd go out for brunch," Merve said walking into the bedroom as I came out of the bathroom. He was dressed in shorts and a tee, I was naked. He made no effort to approach me nor me him. 

I felt no sexual attraction at all. It was odd. Yesterday we had been all over each other all day and now there was nothing. Was that normal, I wondered? I know sometimes with a woman when we have fucked I am no longer interested until much later when something else recreates sexual desires. Maybe that was the same in this bi world that I now inhabited. After all there was no love between Merve and me as there was between my wife Kelly and me. It was just sexual. Well bisexual I smiled.

At brunch we were work colleagues again, not lovers. That continued when we picked up some groceries and at the golf shop where Merve bought a new putter. On the drive back to his and Helga's house we chatted about the project I was carrying out at the company's we both worked for San Francisco head office that I was visiting for two weeks from London. Nothing was mentioned about him giving me a blow job and us masturbating each other in the outdoors beside the pool. As equally no mention was made of him fucking me in their marital bed and taking my anal virginity or of us sleeping there all night. It was as if those events had not taken place. Surprisingly, though, how we were relating to each seemed appropriate and right. I found myself relating to it and putting the huge bisexual lust I had experienced yesterday out of my mind.

We got back to the house at about four. We had been together since yesterday morning and we had indulged in some pretty awesome sex as well as now some routine stuff. 

"Like a beer?"

"Please."

"Ok go out by the pool and I'll bring a couple."

I sat on the four seater patio sofa where we had jerked each other off yesterday afternoon. It was under a large umbrella out of the Mountainview sun that was now quite warm, around eighty. He brought the beers out and we sipped them from the bottle. Just two colleagues chatting and drinking. Nothing deviant or wrong in that. No sexual undertones or anything there shouldn't be. But then he said a phrase that triggered it all off again. Just has he had yesterday Merve said.

"Fancy a swim James?"

I knew exactly what the swim would entail although unlike yesterday he did not feel the needs to tell me that swimwear was not necessary. So, just as I had yesterday I removed my shorts and tee as he did the same. And also just like yesterday both our cocks started to harden.

We swam a few lengths with me revelling in the sensations of being naked out of doors and swimming in the pool. We stopped swimming and both of us leaned backwards against the side of the pool.

"You okay James?"

"Yes Merve fine thanks."

"And about yesterday, no regrets?"

"No, none at all."

"You enjoyed it then?"

"Yes very much indeed."

"Good, come on then let's get out."

We climbed out and went nearer to the house where he gave me a towel.

"Do you moisturise?"

"Er sorry?"

"Put moisturiser on after showering or being in water?"

"No, I don't."

"You should do, well at least every other time your body gets wet you should. It replaces what the water washes out."

"That makes sense."

"Stay right there I'll get some."

I had read about moisturising and had seen guys at the gym smoothing it into their bodies, but had never really considered it for myself. He was back very quickly with a large, white plastic bottle in his hand.

"Right stand still."

"Why?"

"I am going to moisturise you silly."

And with that he squeezed a dollop of lotion from the bottle onto his hand. "Turn round."

He rubbed it all over and into my shoulders and back and then my legs, but not my buttocks. It felt lovely and was of course quite horny. My cock twitched a few times as the atmosphere of yesterday was recreated.

"Turn round sexy," he said playfully slapping my butt.

He did my arms, front shoulders, neck and face and then started on my chest. The quite runny, white lotion was cool and felt wonderful as he rubbed it into my skin. We were standing close. I looked down and his cock had risen. He was by no means erect, but it was clearly hardening. I considered grasping it, but in my role as the submissive, bottom of the relationship that did not seem appropriate so I stood there and let him moisturise me.

He poured a larger amount onto his hand and smoothed that into my chest and across each of my breasts, pausing to pinch and squeeze my nipples. I reached out and rested my hand on his hip slightly caressing it. His hands moved downwards onto my lower chest and waist all the time massaging the lotion into my skin. He put more on his fingers and rubbed that into my stomach going down as far and into my pubic hairs. He covered my stomach, studiously it seemed avoiding my cock, which was precisely where I now wanted his hands. Long gone were the feelings of us being work colleagues for he was now moisturising me into us being lovers again. He knelt on the AstroTurf covering the surrounds to the pool and did my legs with the calves and lower legs getting merely a cursory covering. He was rubbing my upper legs now and his movements were more of a caressing massage than anything else and he was working upwards. His face was close to my cock and I wanted him to lick or kiss me, but that was not part of the plan, well not yet, I smiled hopefully.

He rubbed the lotion into my upper thighs slowly standing up as his hands went higher and onto my stomach either side of cock that was now standing upright.

"Now for the big one, big boy," he whispered pouring moisturiser onto my cock and rubbing it in. He smoothed it in further down right onto and all round my balls, between my legs and over my perineum. "Turn round," he said huskily.

I leaned forward onto a table so that I was bent a little at the waist. He pushed on my back so I bent further a little more. He squeezed some moisturiser into the crease of my bum and inched a finger or two into my hole. It or they went in very easily. Then I felt something else. It was harder. He pushed and it went in a little way. It wasn't his cock I knew that and then I heard it start to buzz and I knew it was a vibrators. He increased the speed and the sensation was incredible, I loved it and I reached for my cock to start wanking, but his other hand was already there. I am not sure how far up me he had the toy or how big it was but I was guessing it was probably average cock size and it was up me as far as he had been yesterday. 

I reached behind me to touch him. I wanted to feel him and hold him and he rewarded me by putting his cock in my hand. I started rubbing it. It didn't take long for either of us and quickly my spunk was gushing all over my stomach and chest and his was on him and my legs.

"Let's pop in the pool to clean up."

"Will I have to be moisturised again then?" I smiled.

For the next couple of hours we lazed around taking in the weakening sun and talking mainly about work. I told him that I would leave around seven as I had some prep work for tomorrow. However, we discuss both Helga and my wife Kelly.

"Fucking pity we couldn't or more really didn't open up in both London and New York wasn't it?" Merve said.

"Yes very much so although I am not sure Kelly would have been up for it."

"Why didn't she fancy me?"

"Yes sure, but that was later. Had you have suggested we swap she may have gone on the turn."

"Yeah bloody women," he said putting on a pretty lousy English accent.

"They have their moments."

"Certainly do."

"What about Helga?"

"What about her?"

"Would she have been up for it?"

"Absolutely, she still is, we talked it about the other night."

"Talked about what?"

"Us four swapping."

"Really?"

"Yes as you may have gathered she's a pretty forceful woman and knows exactly what she wants."

"Yes she struck me as being quite confident."

"You got her there, fucking arrogant at times too."

"That can be ok."

"I like it in her and she leads the way as often as I do."

"What takes the initiative and instigates sex."

"Yes most nights when she's away we have phone sex."

"What you jerk off talking to her?"

"Yes and she does too."

"What happens?"

"James don't be naïve we make each other cum."

"I know that but how did we get involved."

"Actually it wasn't we it was just Kelly."

"How do you mean?" I asked feeling slight twitches in my cock and a stirring in my balls.

"We both fucked her."

"Both?"

"Yes me first, then Hel and then both together. Actually man she was bloody great."

I looked at him and saw that there was some movement in his cock as well as mine.

"Let's go in James I am getting chilly."

"Ok."

I stood up, picked up my half-full beer bottle and started towards the house. He came alongside me and slid his arm round me his hand resting on my buttock and hip. It felt nice. I rested my head on his chest and let my left hand dangle down so that my fingers brushed across his growing cock.

"Mmmm that's nice James, you going to suck for me?"

"Of course," I replied cupping his balls and stroking his cock.

He manoeuvred me into the lounge and flopped down on a long leather couch. He lifted his legs up so he was lying on it his near full erection sticking up in the air. He looked good. I sat on the edge and caressed his thighs and stomach. Bending forward I kissed him on the mouth as I stroked his cock and balls. He kissed me back very passionately with his tongue plunging deep into my mouth. His cock in my hand was now fully erect and felt lovely.

"Before I suck this beauty Merve, why don't you turn over for me?"

My heart was pounding as slowly I took control and led the way.

"My pleasure James, I thought you might never ask."

"Ask what Merve."

Looking me fully in the eye he said quietly.

"If you can rim me, if you can lick my ass? That is what you want isn't it?"

"Yes of course it is," I whispered my pulses racing at the prospect.

At the gay saunas where I had gained most of my bi experience I resisted rimming because I was always with strangers. It was, however, something I loved doing to Kelly and other women and as I looked at Merve's arse it was something I wanted to do with him. A sort of reward I guess for him fucking me.

He raised up onto his knees and I shuffled half onto the sofa so that I was behind him. My face was close to his buttocks and I ran my fingers up the inside of his leg to cup his balls.

"Mmmmmm very good, you have a nice touch James."

I slid my finger along his crease passing over his anus several times before pressing on it and opening it a little: his groan of pleasure thrilled me and spurred me on. Pulling his cheeks apart I licked each one, then down the sides and into the crease of his arse. Retracing the route I had taken with my fingers I slowly got to his, rosebud, as some call it. I licked it and then pushed my tongue against it quite firmly. That opened the sphincter muscle a little and my tongue went inside him.

"Oh shit James that is fucking great keep going."

I did and as I tongued him I reached between his legs for his cock, but he had beat me to it. He pushed my hand away.

"No stop."

"What, why?"

"I don't want to cum, not yet."

"No?" I asked.

"No because I want to fuck you again before you go."

This time was different. Not only was I far more relaxed, but Merve was more demanding. Last time he had broken in an initiate, this time he was fucking a lover.

"No like this," he said laying me on my back on the couch as he stood a little crouched beside it. 

He lubed me up and slid the condom on before lifting my legs up so that the tops of them almost rested on my chest. My arse was towards him and that was very available. He pressed the bulbous tip of his cock against my lubed up hole and with hardly any hesitation sank it into me.

"Okay, babe?"

It did hurt a little, but nowhere near as much as it had last time and quite quickly I got used to the welcome intruder.

"Its fine Merve," I smiled. "This your favourite position?"

"This and doggy, but everyone likes that don't they, men and women. Ready."

"Yes very ready fuck me Merve."

He started slowly moving up and down, in and almost out and it felt gorgeous.

"See there's another reason other than the depth of penetration why I like this," he said taking my hand and placing it on my cock with his. "And that is we can both play with this beauty can't we?"

It was sheer bliss, wonderful, exciting and amazingly erotic being fucked as both he and I masturbated me. We didn't, last long, we couldn't that was impossible and in any case not necessary.

"You've done me again, you sexy limey tart," he growled as his body got ready for him to erupt.

We both wanked my cock with his hand nearer the base and mine on the head rubbing faster and in tune with the rhythm with which he was fucking me. My cum explosion was I guessed as big as it had ever been. Stream after stream shot from my cock and onto my chest and stomach with one of the earlier ejaculations splattering a globule or two onto my neck. At the same time he moaned and groaned through his orgasm as he filled the condom with his own spunk.

I slept as a contented man and an avowed bottom in my bed in my hotel in San Francisco that night.