 This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. All characters, locations and the world in this story belongs to the author and copyright law prohibits re-publishing.

*****

As the second last day of the training session had ended, Dax sat by the small fire by his tent and stared into the golden flames. Sitting alone with a flagon of ale, the Alpha of Wolvren drowned out the sound of his thirty or so soldiers in the background. Milling about as they prepared for supper, bathing or getting their wounds tended to by one of the healers. His head tilted to a few groans of pain but he was quietly pleased that his soldiers knew better than complaining with an alpha around who was in a not so pleasant mood. 

Every year the alpha took fresh recruits on a 7-night exercise and training session in the Royal Forest behind the castle. Meant to build the confidence of the new soldiers and teach them how to shift forms while in battle. With war being a real danger, Dax knew that these training sessions were essential to the protection of Wolvren.

With the position of the crown being undetermined, Wolvren was recently exposed to raiders and border skirmishes. The previous King had succumbed to the wasting sickness that had been plaguing him for years. With no heirs or relatives, the Wolvren council was currently making the decisions. 

Fights with Rummund to the north was beginning to take its toll on the boarder regiment. Rummund has always been a thorn in Wolvren's side and now that a bloodthirsty Warlord with an actual brain was leading them, the dangers of invasion were becoming a reality again. The big, blond northerners had a hard, cold country to call home and one that barely provided any food, not to mention the frost coloured werewolves were notoriously fond of battle.

To the east was the Thalesian Isles. A self-reliant, mineral rich nation of wealthy clans, whose royal family constantly fought to assassinate each other for rule. They allied themselves with Wolvren during the last war. But Dax had heard unnerving rumours of ancient magic and deathly rituals being done with the Thalesian Emperors approval. Dax didn't trust his mysterious neighbours as far as he could throw them. Though small and lithe of body with unreadable expressions and unmatched stealth skills, he knew first hand that the were-soldiers of the Thalesian Isles were deadly.

To the south was the Wandering Desert. A cruel and deadly wasteland that very few ever came back from and within its confines a temple city that none really knew what occurred there. Dax heard of monks worshiping new gods and granting strange powers. He only ever met one monk from the Wandering Temple City, and he was a crazy fool that lost his mind in the desert. 

The four nations made up the continent of Lycra. As Alpha of Wolvren, his job as the Commanding General of the Army was to ensure the safety of his King (although he wasn't sure who that was going to be) and kingdom.

Standing at 6'7 and weighing in 320lbs of black muscle, the dark giant cut an intimidating figure. Bald head topped a thick brow that recently was always in a permanent scowl over dark brown eyes and a big nose. He sported a dense black beard that framed thick lips that rarely smiled.

Dax's appearance was one of great shock to many. When Dax was born his mother and the midwife screamed when a dark skin baby boy came into the world. A shock to both parents as they were white with red hair. Both parents stared at their strange baby but were so smitten with their son that they knew they would not love him any less. And six years later they added a daughter to the brood (she came out white with ginger hair)

Dax personified the brute strength of a warrior who had fought countless battles. Even at 33 years old, he was the youngest Alpha Prime in Wolvren history. After rising through the ranks and becoming a decorated warrior in the last war 10 years ago, the Wolvren Council chose Daxwell Ironfang as Alpha Prime after the death of the previous Alpha. In his were form Dax was even more imposing. Standing at 9 feet tall and with fur the colour of the night, his werewolf form was the largest and most powerful in Wolvren. 

Yet the giant sat, with flagon loosely in hand staring intensely into the flames of his encampment. Wearing only a leather vest and breeches, the heat from the flames warmed his skin in the cool air of the night. Clear starry skies promised a beautiful day tomorrow and Dax was secretly glad that the training was ending. Looking forward to this year's session, Dax thought that getting away from the castle and into the woods with his beta and new recruits would help distract him from recent thoughts. However, all the exercise, hunting, and training did little to dull the aching in the back of his mind.

Brows knitted in thoughts that weighed heavy on his mind, Dax was jolted back to reality as he felt a large hand on his shoulder.

"That ale is gonna spill on ya breeches my friend. Ya don't want the soldiers ta think ya wet yaself now do ya?" Straightening his grip and looking to the large ginger male sitting down next to him, Dax gave a small smile to his best friend, brother in law and beta, Alistair.

He was thrilled when his little sister told him that Alistair had made a bid for her to be his mate. Both thinking that their alpha would be angered, he smiled greatly and hugged her. There was no other male in Wolvren that would treat his treasured sister as well as he would. The conversation between alpha and beta was a bit more stoic with nods and grunts and shoulder slapping dominating the two sentenced request that Vitoria become the ginger males mate. He teased his best friend for days, that he was too scared to ask himself and instead sent his much smaller mate to do the talking for him. All in all the big alpha was truly happy for his best friend and his sister.

"I bet the ale will look better on your face than my lap my friend." Dax quipped jokingly in a deep baritone.

"A cruel waste of good ale my friend." Alistair said, sitting himself comfortably next to Dax while holding a flagon of his own ale.

Drinking deeply, he belched and wiped the foam out of his beard with the back of his hand and stared at his alpha.

Growing up Alistair knew one day that he would be the beta to his quiet and powerful best friend. As kids, they were inseparable and joined the army together. During the war, Dax's were-form emerged as a one wolf army and Alistair was there having his friends back. Standing at 6ft4 and weighing in at an equally incredible 280lbs, with thick red hair, a full ginger beard, and a dusting of freckles on his square nose with clear emerald eyes, Alistair Moss was all male. The light-hearted of the two, he was easy to talk to and quick to smile and gave the most hearty laughs when entertained.

He dealt with most of the supervision required by the Wolvren Council and was at times the voice of reason to his alpha and the council. No one else had the balls to challenge the alpha's word (apart from Vitoria) and Alistair knew he had a difficult job as the beta, smoothening the commands of the council to his alpha and interpreting Dax's defiance to them as necessary. The wholesome beta, he was destined to fill his role and he would gladly lay down his life for his best friend turned brother.

Dax saw the concerned look on his friends face and brushed it off with a roll of bulky shoulders.

"Ya seem distracted my friend. Even during the drills today it seemed ya mind was elsewhere. " the ginger giant enquired.

"Been thinking about the winter harvest." Dax lied. "Last winter we were almost raided, so I was thinking about doubling up on soldiers to protect the wagons to the storehouses." Dax said as he sipped his flat ale. 

"Aye sir, you let me know what needs ta be done and it shall" Alistair said, unconvinced by Dax's reply. 

Alistair knew his best friend well but did not pry. Alistair was one of two people that could talk to Dax in any manner, but he was worried that Dax did not seem himself these last couple of weeks. Whenever he looked at his friend, Dax would be lost in thought, as if his mind was a million miles away. It was rare, as Dax was the most disciplined commander and never missed anything. "Leav'em be", he thought. If he wants to talk, he will. The two were's sat drinking and staring at the fire, its crackling the only sound between two of them.

After his ale, Alistair stood up stretching and belching and bid his alpha good night. "Ya know you can tell me anything brother. Anything at all and I'll be there for ya." He said before turning to leave to his tent.

"I know my friend." Dax said quietly, watching the fire ember down.

As an alpha to show worry or doubt was a weakness and he believed he should lead by example. Therefore, he rarely shared any of his thoughts or feelings. And sharing these kind feelings was not something big strong alpha's do. Not even with his best friend.

After a while, he stood and stretched his big arms over his head. Not realising how long he actually sat by the fire, he swivelled his neck to satisfying pops. Looking around he saw the tents where his soldiers slept and the stores for the training were near the far end of the encampment by the healer's tents.

Here was where his tent stood to the side, near the entrance, so that he would be first to the front lines if danger should arise. He nodded at the two sentries at the gates of the camp. No guards were actually needed with the alpha prime present, but that still did not stop the giant from being cautious. The last thing he wanted was to lose a soldier. Especially on his watch.

Throwing the remaining contents of his flagon into the fire, Dax watched the smoke rise up and stared at the sky. Its inky darkness speckled with the dusting of stars. The moon was waxing and beginning its climb to full. He couldn't wait for the full moon so he could go on a proper hunt. He was restless and agitated. He needed to clear his mind and tear into some prey. Yes, that's what he needed. To be with his pack and on a hunt. As an alpha, the primal need for the hunt was stronger for him. And was a sliver of hope that the thoughts that he had been nursing for the last month would be healed from a full moon hunt.

Slowly making his way back into his tent, Dax felt a shiver run up spine as he knew the dreams he was about to have would again keep his mind blurred with confusion and desire.