 Thank you to all the feedback from Chapter 1. This is a long story and although I am a short story writer, erotica is something new to me. Thank you for your patience and I hope you enjoy the exciting world of Wolvren. I am planning to release a new chapter every few weeks. If you are looking for quick sex, then this is definitely not for you. All disclaimers from Chapter 1 still stands.

*****

Running through the woods, leg muscles pumping and his were-form panting, Dax ripped through the trees in earnest. He was hunting for something. Prey that called to him in the most unending way. He knew that if he just reached whatever this was, all his questions would be answered. The need to hunt strong. His senses on high alert, searching and scanning everywhere as he leaped over fallen trees and running through the darkness as the forest flew by him in a blur. He could hear his blood pumping in his ears and felt his heartbeat increase. He felt his long claws digging into the dirt that pushed him forward as his eyes took in his surroundings. 

All of a sudden, a scent hit him like a ton of bricks. He veered left and ran towards a clearing. 

He never smelt anything in his dreams.

The month of dreams since the last full moon always ended up with him gasping awake, drenched in sweat and in a foul mood. On an exhilarating hunt only to wake up empty handed and his dick hard as steel.

However, this dream was different.

The scent he picked up smelt fucking amazing. The image that came to his werewolf mind was of the suns first rays hitting the cold sand of the desert with a hint of spice. It wrapped around him like a shroud of desire and all the blood in his body rushed to his dick.

Bursting into the clearing, Dax was in his human form. When did he shift back? Naked and sweating he felt everything in this dream like it was real. The cool air on his glistening skin, the burning in his chest from running for what seemed like hours. The hard dick that jutted out in front of him throbbing with his racing heartbeat. The scent grew stronger and he growled his frustration. Where was it! 

He looked around the clearing searching everything. Every breath he took filled his lungs with the most delicious and tantalizing scent he had ever smelt in his life. His eyes, still shifted their wolfish yellow, scanned the clearing again. Left, right, up, down. Behind him. He sniffed the air and the thick scent wafted over him again. There! It was thickest by the edge of the clearing opposite him. He was shaking. Every step he took felt like it was his last until he was about to jolt awake. "Please let me see what this is," he thought. "I can't wake up now". The scent got thicker and he growled his appreciation. Its heavy waft was coming from behind the big tree in front of him. As he reached the tree, he stopped and broke out in a fresh wave of nervous sweat.

"What would I find? Was this what I have been searching for? What smells so good? By gods fur! You are not a pup! Move your fucking legs and go see." He fought with himself

As he turned around the tree and peered at the thing he had been searching for, he felt his eyes shift back to normal and his breath caught in his throat. There lying against the tree. Back against the trunk. Was a boy. Dax looked wide-eyed. No, he wasn't a boy he was a man. Much smaller than Dax. Eyes closed and head drooping; the man was breathing heavy and clutching his side that was appeared to be wounded. Blood soaked his hand.

He took a step forward and crouched to slowly reach out to touch the smaller male. As soon as his shaking hand touched the top of the males head, the head shot up and stared wide eyed at Dax. Tiny sparks flew across Dax's vision as three thoughts crashed through Dax's mind. The first thought that ran through Dax's mind was how beautiful this male looked. Even though he was pale and sweating with a pained look on his face, his eyes were a rich brown that stunned the giant. The second thought that came to Dax was this was real. He wasn't dreaming. He had felt the sweat on his fingers. The third thought was the electric shock that went through his brain as his wolf-self howled in his mind: "Mate!"

This couldn't be happening. MY MATE. I have found my mate. And it's a male. A male is my mate. It wasn't unheard of, males bedding each other but he never heard of two males mating. He was sure his future mate would be female although the face and image was always blurry, he never even thought that his mate might be male. All he could do at the moment was stare into the face of his mate. His wolf-self growled in his mind at Dax's thoughts and Dax shook his head to focus.

He realised that he was crouching naked in front of his injured mate. Naked and hard. The look of pain that showed on his mates face quickly diminished his arousal and he felt his protective mode kick in. With hands outstretched and palms up, he gently leaned forward to his mate, trying his utmost not to look threatening and smiled gently. His mates wide brown eyes never left Dax's face and the smell of fear rolled off the smaller male. His mate watched him and shrunk back in fear. 

"Shh shh. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm Dax," Dax said softly as he laid his hand on his own chest.

The smaller male just stared. 

"What is your name? Are you okay?" Dax enquired gently.

"Key-un...My side..." was the rasp reply and Dax felt his insides melt as the soft voice reached his ears.

Dax gently laid his hand on his mates shoulder and the touch of exposed skin sent a shock of pleasure through his body. Dax tried his best to focus. He needed to get his mate back to the camp and to a healer. 

"Key-un? Can you get up and walk?" Dax asked and rushed forward to steady the smaller male as he unsuccessfully tried to get up.

"I am going to have to pick you up. Is your side the only wound you have? Who did this to you?" Dax's growl at the end was uncontrolled.

"Fell..." the smaller male rasped. "...into the circle of trees" he breathed heavy and even pained and raspy, the sound sent shivers through Dax's body.

"You fell from the trees? Did someone attack you?" Dax face went hard at the thought of someone hurting his mate. He kept his emotions in check more for himself than his mate at the moment.

"Fell from the mountain" his mate said through clenched teeth.

Dax's eyes went wide in shock. The smaller male sat up and leaned his head against the tree.

"Something...chasing me in the snow. Slashed my side...fell from a cliff" his mate pushed through clenched teeth. 

Snow? Winter wasn't due for another two months and there were no mountains in this region. Looking at the smaller male it seemed somewhat true. His clothes were wet and his skin was cold. Also, he looked unfamiliar to Dax. His skin was the colour of coffee with too much milk in it. His hair was short, spikey, and black. A thin layer of facial hair framed a soft face and thick lips that Dax starred at longingly. Slouched, Dax judged his mates height at 5ft10. He looked plump and filled out what Dax could only describe as a weird black cloaked hood with a giant white tick on it, and maybe put him at about 170lbs. His feet were covered with what looked like white shoes but had strings attached and three stripes on the side. 

Dax was worried. His mate's breathing was heavy and he was afraid that the smaller male's lung was punctured. Dax put his hand on the small of his mates back while offering his right shoulder as a hold. The smaller male put his left hand around Dax's shoulder and instinctively Dax gently scooped his mate up into his arms, with surprisingly little objection from the smaller male. He felt the wetness of blood on his hands and knew he had to hurry back to the camp. A growl escaped his lips at the thought of others seeing his mate. He wanted to care for his mate on his own. No one was to look at him. Let alone touch him. He gripped harder and cursed himself when he heard the soft whimper coming from close to his chest. "Dammit," he thought, "I need to be careful". Gently settling the smaller male in a rescue hold, he stood and stepped back from the tree and into the clearing.

He heard a small protest from his charge, "My bag..." his mate said softly. 

He turned back to the tree and saw a brownish bundle that the smaller male was sitting against. He slowly bent and picked it up and his mate grabbed it out of his hand and clutched it to his chest. It obviously was important to him and Dax did not have time to enquire. Careful not to jostle his injured mate he back stepped into the clearing and looked around, searching for any signs of an enemy. He felt his chest pump out and the beginnings of his fur race across his back as he almost shifted at the thought of ripping into whatever was dumb enough to approach them. His senses was a bit jumbled by his mates scent but he noted that there was no one near them or any wildlife.

A dry cough brought him back to his task at hand. He looked down as his mates eyes and noticed they were closed. His forehead was sweating and his short spikey hair wet. Dax knew what the onset of fever looked like. He was breathing heavy and the blood on his hands reminded him to move quickly.

"I am going to take you to get help, please bear with me little one." Dax said softly. 

He felt a small nod against his chest, and that was all it took for Dax to run as fast as he could. He couldn't shift as his claws would dig into the smaller males skin and at the same time he was scared of what his werewolf would do with his mate. 

Surprisingly enough he knew which way to go as if his dream running was not as far and foreign as he thought. He could smell the smoke from his camp and veered that way as fast and gently as he could. Praying to the gods that he would make it and find a healer. Speeding up, he entered the camp, ignoring his sentries and dashed to the healer's tent. 

Of the two healers that came with their training group, one was awake and counting the supplies. A recently acknowledged adept to the Temple of the Moon (as noted by the off-white robe with the single blue stripe wrapped around the cuff of its sleeves), Kari was beginning to doubt her calling. The other healer that accompanied the alpha and his recruits, an older and grumpy woman, gave her menial tasks like counting bandages, mixing healing salve, mucking out the latrine pits, and washing used bandages and sheets. Even though both were the same level of healers sworn to Luna the Moon Goddess, the older woman thought that Kari was her assistant. Counting the same box of bandages for the fifth time as kept losing count, Kari nearly jumped out of her skin as the giant alpha burst through opening of the healers' tent.

"I need a healer. Now!" the alpha growled as he clutched his charge closer to his chest. 

Kari tried to compose herself as she stared at the very naked alpha as he held what looked like an injured man. Dax barked at Kari to bring her supplies to his tent

"M-mm-my Lord! Is that a soldier? What happe..." She half-finished as she hurriedly chased after the alpha who had already left back to his own tent.

Dax had already laid down the smaller male on his pallet as Kari came into the tent. She quietly whispered a command and pale blue light filled the tent so she could work. But that seemed somewhat impossible as the alpha growled at her as she approached the injured man.

"My lord I need to inspect him," she quietly stated. 

Dax looked at his mate and gently touched his forehead. Reluctantly he stepped away to put on his discarded breaches.

Keeping her eyes on the weird acting alpha, Kari put down her supply bag and checked on the man. He was sweating and breathing heavy and she could already sense the onset on fever. She placed her palm on his forehead and immediately heard a growl from the alpha that was hovering over her shoulder.

"I need to treat him, my lord. Could you please step back," Kari asserted. She was surprised at her own confidence and stood firm as she began pulling up the man's strange clothes.

Another growl had her glaring at the Alpha. 

"I can't work like this!" she snapped at Dax and he stepped back. "He has lost a lot of blood. I need to treat him or else he will progress further into fever," she firmly told the big alpha

"My mate..." was the soft declaration she heard from the alpha and she stared at him in shock.

"Oh my..." she trailed off. "I will work as best as I can, but please my lord, you are not helping. Maybe you should wait outsi..."She stopped at the lethal growl. "Alright then please be quite and let me do my job" she said has Dax glared at her. She was pleased when he went to the other side and stared worriedly at the smaller man

Quickly she cut away at the wet hood cloak and inspected the wound. Two deep gashes on his side and a third smaller gash trailed down the man's side. It looked like a werewolf attack but larger. She saw ice in the wound and the blood was caked and frozen on the edges of the gashes.

Kari put her hands together and called on her blessing from Luna. Her hands shined blue with light as she gently placed her hands over the wounds. The man began to groan as she melted away the ice and searched through the wound and body for signs of infection. She didn't bother looking up at the alpha whose breathing was dripping with unspoken growls. 

She noticed that the fever was fresh and she could burn it away with her blessing. Gently the wounds began to close as she knitted muscle and skin together. The fever died down and she placed her palm over the man's forehead as she nudged him into sleep. She dressed the wounded side, as it was still raw to touch, with some bandages soaked in healing salve and asked the alpha to help get his strange hood off so she could wrap the bandages around him. 

Satisfied that the man was resting and breathing normally again, she mixed some herbs and special powder to help replenish the man's blood loss when he woke up in a couple of hours. 

"He will need to take this with water when he wakes to help replenish the blood he has lost," she told the alpha. Seeing the look of concern on the alphas face, she hesitatingly placed a hand on the alpha's arm. "He will be fine my lord. He needs rest and food. And...congratulations,' she offered. Dax looked at her for a moment and gave a small smile. 

"Thank you. For saving my mate," he said. "Please don't alert anyone. I want him to rest and do not wish to be disturbed," Dax quietly commanded.

"As you wish, my lord. I will come check in on him in the morning. If he wakes up before then, please come fetch for me,' Kari said as she gathered her supplies and dispersed the blue light that filled the alpha's tent.

As she was leaving, she turned back and saw Dax kneeling down on the side of the pallet, staring at his mate as he slept and gently touching the side of his face. "Luna give them strength. Tomorrow is going to be a long day." She silently prayed as she headed back to the healer's tent.