 "You cheating asshole!" Zach sobbed out and raced from the house he had shared with his partner for over four years, Mickey was in bed with another bloke. Again. Zach raced down the street and banged on his older brother's door. Wiping his arm under his nose, he sniffled and waited for either Kane or Penny to open the door. When no one answered he walked towards the porch swing and sat, zipped his jacket and waited. It was roughly fifteen minutes before he heard some on padding along the grass. When he looked up he scowled, how dare Mickey have the urge to show his face, especially on his brother's front porch aswell.

"What the fuck do you want, Mickey?" Zach snarled out, not even bothering to get up. 

"I'm sorry, Zach, I didn't mean to do it." Mickey knelt in front of the porch swing and looked up at him with dark brown eyes filled with fake tears. Zach knew because Mickey had done this twice already and Zach was stupid enough to believe him when he said he wouldn't do it again. This time Zach had enough. 

"I don't give a fuck what you say this time Mickey, I thought you loved me." Zach shouted and wiped away those damned tears, he would not cry over Mickey again. 

"I do love you, baby." Mickey said and stood up to bend over Zach. Zach felt scared and tired at the same time. Scared that Mickey was going to hit him again. 

"Just go Mickey, I don't ever want to see you again." 

"This wouldn't happen if you put out, Zach, I have been waiting four fucking years to get inside your virgin ass but it's always 'I'm not ready' or 'Let's wait a little while.' I was horny and I needed to fuck thank god that little whore Ricky came over looking for you, damn guy puts out just as quickly as you say no." Mickey shouted and growled when someone spun him around from his shoulder to land a punch his abnormally large nose. Zach didn't even know what he ever saw in him. 

"This is the last time you fuck with my little brother." Kane yelled and punched Mickey again. "Now get the fuck out of my sight, and get your crap from Zach's house too."

"That my fucking house." Mickey gasped out and spat blood on the floor. 

"No, I brought it for Zach and you just happened to move in with him." Kane grabbed Mickey by his shirt and dragged him onto the street. "Fuck off and leave Zach alone, you worthless piece of shit." Zach watched as Mickey stumbled away. 

Zach sniffled again and looked down when Kane gave him those pitiful eyes. 

"Come on, sweetie, lets get you inside." Penny said and wrapped her arm around his shoulders. Kane unlocked the door and shuffled towards the kitchen and starting making hot chocolate for his baby brother and his heavily pregnant wife. Penny and Zach sat on the sofa with Zach snuggled into Penny. Kane set the drinks down at sat down on the other side of his brother, wrapping his arm around his waist he tugged him until he rested on him instead of Penny. 

"What happened, Zach? Did he cheat on you again?" Kane whispered. Zach nodded.

Zach sighed and thought about himself, he was 24, a junior doctor, 5 foot 6, he had blonde hair and blue eyes with golden rims, he was slightly muscled and had a golden skin tone. And he was a virgin. 

"Is it true then?" Penny whispered, sipping her hot chocolate. 

"Is what true?" Zach asked and sipped at his own drink. 

"That your a virgin." 

Kane sputtered and stood up. 

"I'm going to leave you two to it." 

"Why? It's not like you don't know everything about me...oh wait you don't...well I guess now you do." Zach said with an agitated sigh. 

"So you are a virgin still?" Penny said with enthusiasm. 

"Why?" Kane blurted out, Penny scowled at him.

Zach giggled quietly and shrugged. "No one is willing to wait I guess...or I didn't love them." Zach murmured. 

"But 24 years without sex?" Kane asked in shock.

"You never know what your missing if you haven't had it." Zach said with a smile.

"Is it because you want someone else, Zach?" Kane whispered quietly. 

Zach blushed and looked away, he so could not tell them who he wanted, he didn't even know if he was gay. 

"You do!" Penny said with glee. Zach had totally forgotten about Mickey. 

"I can't have him anyway." Zach pouted and crossed his arms over his chest.

"Why? Has he got a boyfriend?" Kane asked, interested. 

"No, I don't even know if he's gay...if he is it wouldn't matter because he's off limits." 

"Who? and why?" Penny popped up. Zach didn't have to answer because his object of desire walked right through the front door, standing at a massive 6 foot 9, nicely muscled, the glossiest black hair he had ever seen and the brightest green eyes, stood his brother-in-law. Raven. Zach looked away when those green eyes focused on him. 

"Again?" he asked Kane, in his grumbly voice. Zach shivered. Kane nodded. 

Penny gasped and grabbed Zach's hand racing him towards the bedroom. 

"What's up with them?" Raven asked. 

"Beats me." Kane said and then he heard the football match switch on.

"Your in love with my brother." Penny whispered loudly. Zach blushed again and shook his head as tears filled his eyes. He didn't ever want anyone to know. No one was ever supposed to find out. Now Penny found out and she's going to tell Kane who is going to tell Raven then Raven will think he's a pervert and never speak to him again.

"He's gay." Penny blurted out. 

"Doesn't matter, it's not like he would want me. Look at me I'm short, skinny and have horrible eyes." Zach shouted.

"Your eyes are beautiful, Zach and whoever tells you otherwise is wrong." Penny said gently and kissed his cheek. Penny sat down with a deep sigh. She was looking a little bit pale. 

"Penny are you..." Zach's question died when he felt a puddle spread across the floor and across the bed. 

"Your water just broke." Zach said with a smile, he looked up into Penny's panicked face.

"I'm not ready, she's not supposed to be here for four weeks." Penny gasped as a contraction hit. And then another. 

"Shit they are coming to fast." Zach switched to doctor mode. "Kane, Raven." Zach yelled and helped Penny lie back on the bed. The two men were hanging in the doorway. 

"What's up?" Kane asked slightly panicked. 

"I need towels, warm water and lots of blankets and fast. I'm going to have to deliver the baby, she's going into preterm labor. Her contractions are coming to fast." Zach said and helped Penny strip her clothes off, resting a light blanket over her breasts so only her belly and bottom half were showing. 

"Penny, there is no time to get to the hospital, so your going to have to do it the natural way okay?" Penny nodded quickly. "I'm going to see how dilated you are if your okay with that?" Penny once again nodded. Zach slipped on some rubber gloves and placed a towel under her bottom and gently eased his fingers inside and up towards the cervix. Slowly easing them back out he nodded. 

"Just as I thought, your 9 centimeters. You can start pushing." Zach knelt on the floor. Kane sat next to Penny on the bed and gripped her hand tightly. 

"It's going to be okay, baby." He whispered to her. "I love you, don't worry, let's bring little Samantha into the world." Kane kissed her on the lips gently. 

"On 3 I need you to start pushing...3...2...1." Penny screamed as she started pushing. Then came the words.

"You bastard, Kane, I fucking hate you, you are never fucking me again. You asshole." 

"Okay stop, breathe." Zach said and smiled up at the couple. "Okay go again." He said after a few moments.

Penny moaned as the head started to crown. "She's crowning." Zach said and held his hand's under her to catch her. "Two more big pushes should do it, Penny." Penny gave one push and the baby's head popped out, she gave the final push and little Samantha popped out screaming. Zach quickly washed her away and placed a sterilized peg on the umbilical cord. Grabbing scissors he handed them to Kane. 

"Do the cord." Zach said with a grin. Kane took the scissors and carefully snipped at the cord. Wrapping the baby in blankets Zach handed her over to Penny. 

"Congratulations." Zach whispered and smiled when Kane stroked the baby's face.

"Thank you, Zach, I wouldn't know what to do if you were not here. I love you." Penny whispered and kissed Zach's cheek. Zach smiled and kissed her's back. 

"Keep your legs spread until you feel comfortable enough to close them." Zach whispered and watched as Penny and Samantha drifted to sleep. 

"Thank you, Zach." Kane whispered.

"Anytime, Brother." Zach turned towards the living room and flopped down on the sofa, balling his gloves up and chucking them into the waste basket. 

"Your amazing." Raven whispered next to him. 

"Hmmm..." Zach said, half-asleep. 

"How are you?" Raven ask with a grin.

"Tired...and thirsty." Zach whispered and rested his head on the back of the sofa. 

"Want me to get you a drink?" Raven asked and licked his lips at the innocent man on the sofa. He had a confession to make. He had wanted to pin Zach up against a wall and fuck him so hard he screamed, since he was legal enough to fuck, that was six years ago and his need still hadn't settled. The weird this was...he wanted a relationship with him. Raven only ever fucked around he had only ever had one serious relationship and that was when he was 23, ten years ago. But Zach was too young for him.

"Yeah, please." Zach whispered, bringing him back to the future. 

"Huh?" Raven whispered.

"Drink...make it a beer please."

"Are you even old enough to drink?" Raven joked around. 

"I'm old enough to do a lot of things." Zach murmured, then opened his eyes. Raven held his gasp in, Zach's eyes had gone almost totally golden. Lust reflected in those beautiful eyes. 

"What is it?" Zach smiled up at Raven.

"I...I...you...your eyes." he finally sputtered out. He instantly wanted to take it back when he saw Zach's face drop with hurt. 

"There horrible I know." Zach stood up and raced outside and down the street towards his house. He knew Raven didn't care about him, he knew he wouldn't want to be in a relationship with him. He was being stupid. Zach stripped and climbed into bed, it was roughly 20 minutes later he heard a knock on the door. He didn't answer it. Knock. Knock. Knock. Zach grew pissed and pushed a pillow over his ears. Then the phone started ringing. Zach grabbed his phone and yelled down it "What do you want, Raven?" 

"Er...it's Kane." 

"Oh...sorry, are you at my door?" 

"Nope...I'm at home with Sam and Penny." 

"Then who's at my door?" 

"Raven left a few minutes ago saying he had to apologize to you about something, what was it?" 

"He commented on my eyes." Zach whispered and sniffled.

"What did he say?"

"N...Nothing really, they turned golden I guess because I was...I..." Zach didn't want to tell his brother. 

"Your were what? Sad? Angry? Hurt?" Kane said. 

"Horny." Zach whispered almost silently. 

"Huh? Didn't catch that."

"I was horny." Zach said louder this time.

"Oh..." Kane whispered. "Raven wants you...bad." Kane said with glee in his voice. 

"How do you know that?" 

"He told Penny who told me." 

"Then why hasn't he done anything about it?" 

"He says your too young." 

"He's only 10 years older than me." Zach said with a pout. 

"I know little brother..." Kane paused for a second then said, "Seduce him...show him that you are old enough."

"How am I supposed to do that if you haven't noticed I'm a fucking virgin." Zach yelled. 

"Don't ask me work it out...make him jealous go out with what's his name...Erik? Mark?" 

"Derek?" Zach asked with a grin. 

"Yeah him...he's your best friend right, ask him to do you a favor." 

"Thank you Kane. I love you." 

"Love you too, baby brother, get some sleep." Kane hung up on him and Zach fell into a dreamless sleep thinking about how to seduce Raven. 



Raven sighed and ran his hand through his dark hair, he'd been sitting on Zach's doorstep for nearly two hours. Raven needed to apologize he didn't mean to offend Zach he just meant to...he didn't know what he meant to do. Damn. Zach was driving him insane, he really wanted to be with the little doctor but he was too old for him. Standing up he paced back and forth the lawn. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" Zach yelled down from his window. 

"I came to apologize." Raven yelled back up. 

"You don't have to, now can you go I have a date soon." Zach called and turned around with a grin, knowing full well that Raven was watching he dropped his boxers and climbed into bed naked. 

"Hey...I need to talk!" Raven yelled and chucked a pebble at the window

"I don't give a fuck, Raven I am trying to sleep here." Zach grinned to himself into his pillow.

"Fine." Raven growled to himself. He stormed over to Kane and Penny's and let himself in with his key. Trudging up the stairs he banged on their door. Kane popped his head out and glared at him. 

"It's two in the fucking morning, Raven, you better have a good reason to wake me and Penny." 

"I need the key to Zach's house." Raven stated bluntly.

"Why?"

"I need to talk to him."

"Are you going to insult him again?" Kane said leaning against the door frame.

"What? No." 

Kane gave him a glare look but handed over the key to him, with a quick thank you Raven was rushing towards Zach's again. Slotting the key in the hole he twisted and gave the door a quick push. Entering the house he wasn't surprised when the house was decorated in blue's and greens, totally Zach. Making his way upstairs he paused at the door he thought was Zach's, taking a deep breath he opened the door and gasped. Zach hadn't even noticed he was in the room, the blankets were around his ankles and his and wrapped around his small but thick cock. Zach moaned and arched his back. Raven had to stop before he got carried away and done something he regretted. Like taking that small cock in his mouth. He cleared his throat. Zach swung his head around and his eyes widened, grabbing the covers he pulled them over his body and still painfully hard erection.

"What the fuck are you doing here, Rave?" 

"I came to talk." he whispered, intrigued by the nickname. 

"I told you to go away." Zach said his cheeks cherry red. Zach rolled over in bed and faced the wall, tears stinging his eyes, he had never wanted to let anyone see that, it was a shameful thing for him to do, especially the one time after Mickey begged him to jack off for him and film it. He did and Mickey sent it to all his friends, then it got on the internet but luckily Kane worked with computers and was able to get it off before it spread around.

"We need to talk." Raven had made a choice. He really wanted Zach. Not for just a fuck.

"I don't want to." Zach sniffled and wiped away his tears. Zach felt the bed dip and then Raven was rubbing his shoulder. 

"Why are you crying?" Raven whispered, confused. Zach just shrugged. "Please I want to know before I tell you something." 

"It's shameful for me to jack off." Zach murmured. 

"Was it because of what Mickey did to you?" 

Zach gasped and covered his face. "How did you know?" 

"A buddy of mine was watching it once, how else do you think Kane found out about it?" Zach shrugged again. "Can we talk please?" Zach shrugged. "I'll take that as a yes." 

"Take it however the fuck you want to take it." Zach hissed, still sniffling.

"Fine, I'll tell you something and your going to listen, I have been in love with you for 8 fucking years, the first two I only wanted to fuck you but you were so young, I gave up as I watched you go out with guy after fucking guy, then eventually came Mickey. I knew as soon as he moved in that he was going to hurt you but you never wanted to fucking listen did you? I love you and I can't help the way I feel." Raven whispered the last few words. Raven looked up after a few minutes of silence. He was shocked to see Zach crying.

"I didn't mean to make you cry, you were angry at me and I-" Raven got cut short when Zach slammed his mouth down onto his, Raven took control and advantage. He wrapped his arms around the young mans waist and lifted him onto his lap covers and all. Raven slid his tongue inside Zach's mouth with a moan, it felt like he was coming home from a hard days work. Raven and Zach kissed until Raven forgot himself and slipped his hand under the cover to grab Zach's small dick. 

"No No No...I can't..." Zach stumbled and pushed his hand away then climbed off his lap. 

"Why not?" 

"I love you...I just can't." Zach kissed Raven lightly on the lips. "But I could take care of you." he whispered before he started unbuckling his belt. Raven's hands stilled his own. 

"No."

"No?" Zach asked in shock. Mickey never refused a handjob.

"If you don't want to fuck then we will wait until your ready...for everything." Raven winked at him. 

"I...I've...haven't...I...er." Zach stuttered and blushed deeply then looked away from Raven with tears in his eyes, Raven wouldn't want him now he knows he's a virgin. 

"What is it, baby?" Raven said and wrapped him in his arms. 

"I've never...you know." Zach whispered into Raven's chest. 

"Are you telling me your a virgin?" Zach nodded. "How?" 

"I never wanted to give it to someone I don't love." 

"Fuck yeah!" Raven shouted, scaring Zach.

"Your okay with this?"

"Yeah, knowing that is going to be only me who has ever and will only be the one in your ass is so sexy."

"Only be the one, huh?" Zach said with a wicked grin. 

"Yes." Raven growled. 

"Well I don't know, I like Hugh Jackman, I wouldn't mind if he stuck it in my ass." 

"He's old." Raven grimaced. 

"So? Age is sexy."

"Mmm, I like mine a little younger." Raven growled and flipped Zach onto his back, laughing along with Zach's giggle. Raven smiled and kissed Zach on the lips again just lightly, pulling away when Zach tried to deepen the kiss. 

"Go on a date with me." Raven whispered and started kissing down his neck, licking at the pulse point. 

"Er..." Zach stiffened and looked out the window. Raven couldn't see what he was looking at but he could hear.

"You talk about me being a cheating bastard at least I'm not a fucking whore." Mickey shouted through the second story window. Zach buried his head in Raven's chest. Raven kissed Zach's head a laid him down on the bed. Getting up he opened the window and grabbed Mickey's expensive Rolex watch, that Zach had brought him for his birthday. 

"You got insurance on this, baby?" Raven asked with a grin. 

"Of course I do it cost over two grand." Zach said with a faint smile. 

"Good, then get your money back." Raven said, looking towards Mickey he said with a grin, "You ever fucking come near my boyfriend again, I'll break more than this watch got it?" Mickey nodded quickly. Not wanting to see the expensive watch broken.

"Good." Raven grinned he chucked the watch high up in the air and watch it smash into tiny little pieces on the ground affront of Mickey. 

"You prick!" Mickey shouted and chucked a beer bottle at him. Which missed, seeing as Mickey was so drunk he was barely able to stand. 

"Yeah, yeah." Raven mumbled before slamming the bedroom window. Raven stripped his shirt off and jeans before looking over at Zach, his eyes were filled with lust and he licked his lips, causing Raven to grow and his cock swelled almost instantly. Zach moaned quietly and bundled the covers over his lap in an attempt to cover his tiny cock. 

"Can I stay the night, babe?" Raven asked, his voice husky. Zach nodded and shifted over in the bed, Raven grinned and slipped in beside him. "Your bed is massive, why do you need a bed this big?" Zach blushed and turned onto his side with a muttered 'Good night'.

"I don't think so." Raven said and rolled him over to face him. "Now tell me...please?" Zach mumbled something he couldn't quiet understand so Raven gave him a poke. 
