 It had been 8 years since they had all left university. Back then they were a band of brothers, inseparable. 6 guys all living under one roof. The house was an absolute disaster, as you might expect when 6 college aged men live together. The front door was smashed in, and to "fix" it, Dylan had just drilled a couple screws in place to hold the door permanently shut, and told everyone to enter through the side door.

They had lots of parties. Keg parties which they all conveniently invited many more women than men to, hoping to increase their odds of picking up. Mike and Dylan always did well with the women. Ravi ended up landing a really hot girl, and quickly locked her up with "girlfriend" status. Thomas and Dennis, well, they didn't do as well. Thomas always hit on the hot ones, but struck out and ended up with some ugly girl at the end of the night. Dennis, on the other hand, never gave up on the dream of landing a "10." As such, he always wound up alone at the end of the night.

Finally, there was Danny. Danny didn't pick up at all. Small and slight, with light brown hair and green eyes that were large and wide, giving him an innocent, almost child-like look. Girls loved him... as a friend. He was always described by the women as "such a good listener." Mike, Dylan and Ravi, with their easy access to pussy, felt sorry for Danny, and often tried to hook him up with some girls, but in the end Danny always wound up spending all night talking with them instead of getting into their panties.

That was more than 8 years ago, though, and after college they had gone their separate ways. They still made a pact to get together at least once a year for a boy's weekend away. Just the guys, not any of the wives. Mike, Thomas and Ravi had all got married, Ravi to the beauty he was dating in university. Dylan still pulled the ladies in, and was enjoying the single life. Dennis was still waiting for a "10," and thus spent many frustrating nights alone with his hand. Danny was still single, and still not getting any pussy. That didn't mean he wasn't having sex though.

This year, the guys decided to make it an extra long weekend and meet up at a Gulf of Mexico resort in Texas. To cut costs, they booked three rooms with twin beds in each. Ravi and Dennis would share one room, Dylan and Thomas the other, and Mike and Danny would share the third room.

They arrived in close succession to each other on Thursday afternoon. Despite Dylan's suggestion that they have "an easy night the first night" so they wouldn't be all hung-over on Friday, soon the guys were pounding back the beers and joking about the old times. They talked and laughed about the time that Dennis, trying to transport 6 kegs back to their place in his tiny hatchback, wound up having one roll out of his half-open trunk and down the street to collide with a parked Cadillac. Thomas nearly peed himself laughing as Dylan recounted the story of Ravi's attempt at breaking into the clock tower at school to change the time on the clock faces as a prank. 

They told new stories, too. Dylan recounted some stories of his late nights in New York City, while Ravi and Thomas told stories about the weirdness of living out in the suburbs with families on the way. Dennis tried to tell a story about a hot girl he had hooked up with, but the boys were suspicious, and Dennis folded under intense questioning and admitted that he hadn't actually hooked up with a lingerie model.

Then Dylan told a story about a weekend in San Francisco where he had met up with Mike. Mike groaned, and urged Dylan not to tell it, but that just made the other guys want to hear it more.

It was before Mike was married, when a girl came on to him. They started kissing, and Mike put his hand her shirt and played with her small breasts and their sensitive nipples. She moaned with pleasure, and put her hand down his pants, grabbing his hard cock. Mike slide his hand up her skirt, expecting a dripping pussy only to find a rock hard erection.

"Jesus, Mike, I didn't know you went for the dudes!" Ravi said, laughing.

"Hey, if you had seen this chick, you wouldn't have had any idea it was a guy. Aren't I right, Dylan," Mike said, trying to defend himself.

Dylan nodded. "He was a good looking dude, that's for sure."

Thomas stopped laughing long enough to ask, "so, did you take him home and give him the business?"

Mike laughed and shook his head. "No, the action stopped right there. I will admit, though, my cock was so hard I had to go back to the hotel and whack off to release some tension."

"I bet you were thinking of that cross-dresser when you did," Dylan said.

"Fuck off," Mike said, but not in a mean way, just in the way that good friends rib each other.

The boys were all laughing. Danny was laughing too, but he also had thoughts racing through his mind and blood racing to his crotch.

Later in the evening, the boys had split up. Dylan was off on the hunt for girls, taking Dennis and Thomas with him. Even though he wasn't planning on picking up, as he was married, Thomas was to be the wing man, because Dennis was so hopeless at it. Ravi had done 3 shots of tequila in quick succession, and then stumbled off to bed.

Mike and Danny stayed at the bar, slowly nursing the last of their beers. Mike was very drunk by this point, feeling dizzy and a little unsure of himself. 

"Mike, can I ask you a question?" Danny said.

"You just did," Mike said, and laughed. Then, realizing that the joke actually wasn't that funny, he stopped and said, "Yeah, sure, what is it."

"When you were whacking off after making out with the tranny in San Francisco, what were you thinking of?"

Had Mike been sober, he probably wouldn't have said what he said next. In his drunken state, however, his inhibitions were lowered and telling his buddy Danny the truth didn't seem a big deal.

"I was thinking how much I would like to go back there and get that dude to suck on my cock," Mike said. He was serious too. He had never admitted it to anyone, but somehow he felt comfortable telling Danny. Shit, Mike thought, all the girls were right. Danny is a good listener.

Mike downed the last of his beer, and said good night to Danny. "I gotta go to sleep," he said. With that he wandered up to the room, leaving Danny at the bar with a half-finished beer.

Mike was very drunk, and while he had planned to take off all his clothes and put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt to sleep in, he only managed to get naked before falling on the bed over the covers and falling fast sleep.

About half an hour later, Danny came into the room. He saw Mike, lying on the bed on top of the covers completely naked. Mike, in his sleep state, and grown a semi-hard on. It was lying across his thigh, a cute, thick cut cock. Danny thought about the last think Mike had said to him, about wondering what it would have been like to have his cock sucked by that tranny in San Francisco. The thought of it got Danny excited. Danny had always had a thing for Mike. Mike was everything Danny loved in a man. He athletic and manly, a good looking guy who was straight. 

Danny stripped off his clothes, and moved towards Mike. He gently put his lips on Mike's penis, kissing it lightly before starting to run his tongue up and down the shaft. Soon Mike's rod responded and grew fully erect. Danny took the cock fully into his mouth, and started sucking it.

Mike woke up to the feeling of something warm and wet working his shaft. He looked down, and saw Danny's light brown hair and big green eyes staring at him. 

"You are sucking my cock," Mike said, somewhat startled.

Danny disengaged from Mike's cock for a moment and said, "do you want me to stop." He didn't wait for Mike to answer, instead putting his mouth back down on the cock and swallowing it down all the way to Mike's pubes.

Mike thought that he should be repulsed, but instead he was turned on. He felt his cock grow even harder. He moaned, and answered Danny's question with a meek, "No."

Danny continued to suck Mike's cock. Mike loved the feeling of it, but even more he loved watching Danny's mouth move up and down on his shaft. When Mike had whacked off thinking of the tranny, he had figured if he had done something, he would have just closed his eyes and pretended it was a girl sucking him off. But now he had a guy on his cock, he found himself loving the fact that he could watch the action. 

Danny was on all fours on the bed. Mike moved his head to the side, and could see that Danny's cock had grown hard. It was small, probably only 4 and a half inches, and thin. Danny had shaved around his cock, leaving a him smooth. Mike found himself even more aroused looking at the cock up and and down against Danny's flat stomach as Danny's head moved up and down on Mike's dick.

Mike wanted to taste Danny. He wanted Danny to put his small cock in Mike's mouth. Mike said, "You know what else I thought about after making out with that tranny. Sucking her cock."

Danny took the hint, and moved himself around so that his hips were positioned about Mike's face. As Danny continued to suck Mike off, Mike took Danny's cock in his mouth. It felt surprisingly natural to Mike to be in this position. Mike recalled a few times back when they lived together that he had found himself looking at Danny with lust. He had almost forgotten the times, but they came flooding back now. The time when Danny and Mike had gone swimming at the beach, and Mike caught himself admiring Danny's ass in his speedo. The time when Danny, thinking no one else was home, had walked out of the shower naked, only to run face-to-face into Mike. Danny had blushed, and hurried along to his room, while Mike had watched his ass.

Mike realized that he liked Danny because he was so pretty and feminine and youthful looking. Mike also realized that what he really wanted to do was to fuck Danny. He disengaged his mouth from sucking on Danny's little cock. He was about to say something about wanting to fuck Danny, but then decided on a plan to show him instead. Mike moved his face until his mouth was even with Danny's asshole, and then plunged his tongue into the tight hole. Danny moaned with pleasure, stuck his ass out against Mike's face and started sucking Mike's cock more furiously.

Mike eat Danny's backdoor for a few minutes, getting it dripping wet and wide open. Mike pulled himself away from Danny's butthole, and said, "you gotta stop sucking my cock. If you don't, I am going to blow my load, and I really want to cum in this cute little ass of yours."

Danny was so turned on. He loved a man who took charge. He pulled himself off Mike, and let Mike position him. Mike had Danny roll over on his stomach, and Mike then lay on top of him. Soon Danny felt Mike enter him. Danny was practiced at anal sex, being the sissy slut that he was, and so Mike's member slide easily into Danny's gaping hole.

As Mike pounded away at Danny, Mike started to nibble on Danny's neck. Danny turned his head around, and Mike planted his lips fully onto Danny's mouth. Danny felt Mike's tongue push his lips open, and soon their tongue played with each other as Mike continued to pump into Danny's cute ass.

The friction of the bed sheets against Danny's cock was a pleasant feeling for him, and while Mike fucked him Danny was getting close to cumming. Mike, though, was the first to come. Brought so close by Danny's mouth, it wasn't long before Mike's dick exploded out loads of cum deep into Danny's ass. Mike pulled out of Danny, and small trail of white semen dribbling out of Danny's asshole and running down to his scrotum. 

Danny turned over, and Mike quickly took Danny's little cock in his mouth. It didn't take more than 30 seconds of Mike sucking on his member before Danny shot a lot of cum into Mike's mouth. Danny wasn't sure how Mike would respond to the cum, but he swallowed it all. 

Danny and Mike collapsed on the bed, still naked, and fell fast asleep.

The next morning, the phone rang. It was Mike got up to answer it, while Danny got up and walked over to his luggage.

"Hello," Mike said, exhausted from last night but feeling better than he thought he would, given how much beer he had drank.

"Hey man," the voice said. It was Dylan. "We are going down to breakfast, and then off to the beach in 30 minutes. Get your ass out of bed, and get up that other lazy fuck, and let's hit the head."

Mike looked up at Danny. From deep in his bag, Danny had pulled out a dark haired wig and put it on. He was holding up a pair of red lacy panties and a matching red bra. Mike felt his cock growing at the thought of it.

"Uh, yeah, Danny and I had a lot to drink last night and are really hung over. I think we'll skip the beach and just stay in the hotel room," Mike said, and then hung up the phone before Dylan had a chance to reply.

Mike smiled at Danny. "Get on those panties and bra, and get your ass over here," Mike said. Danny smiled as he slipped on the silky panties. This was going to be the best boys' weekend ever.