 Thank you to all the feedback from previous Chapters. I hope you enjoy the exciting world of Wolvren. All disclaimers from prior chapters still stands. Viewing homosexual and sexual content, of any nature, in your area may be an offense. Please take precautions that no sexually explicit material is accessible or exposed to persons under the age of 18 as this is a criminal offense. No characters in Wolvren Book 1, under the legal age are depicted in any sexual activity. Kindly note that chapters from Chapter 4 inclusive, may contain sexually explicit material and is intended for readers of legal age.

Chapter 4

*TANG!* *TANG!* *TANG!*

Keean stared up at the ceiling cover of what looked like a tent. Someone outside was using a hammer, and Keean was pissed off for being woken up. His body felt heavy and sore. He shut his eyes once more at the dull ache in his head. He turned over on his side and blinked into the face of a mountain of a man that was sleeping. Keean remembered the previous night. The big, black and very naked man that found him by the tree. Drake or something was his name. Well he didn't look like Drake. More like if Rick Ross was a powerlifter. He was a big muscle bear with very dark skin and a baldhead. His head was shiny and Keean's fingers twitched to touch it. His breathing was relaxed and Keean noticed that Drake/Sexy Rick Ross was sleeping on his arms while kneeling against the bed that Keean was laying on. Keean peered over, trying not to wake the giant up and saw that the big guy was only wearing leather pants. Studying his face, he saw soft warmth in the way he slept. His nose flared as he breathed and his cheeks looked soft under his beard. "I feel so relaxed with him sleeping here next to me," Keean thought as he sighed.

The man's arms though! Lawd are they big. His bulging shoulders rose and fell as he slept and Keean was very appreciative of the muscles before him. He noticed how nice the man smelled as well. A perfect cologne scent came off naturally from the big man. The masculine, leather like smell mixed with an earthy musk. It relaxed Keean so much that he sighed louder again and felt his dick twitching.

"Okay, shit. I can't get a hard on with this sexy stranger here. If he wakes up he will definitely not like that," Keean thought to himself. But the guy was very nice to him. Helping him and getting him to safety. Keean's head was still a bit sore but he was doing much better. He touched his side and felt bandages and his flesh tender but surprisingly he wasn't injured anymore.

He looked at the entrance of the tent and could make out the shadows of people outside walking around or something. He needed to pee. Badly. He turned to roll the other way from the sexy man so that he wouldn't wake him. As soon as he rolled over, he almost fell off the bed when he felt an arm go around his waist.

"Careful my mate. You will fall," growled Dax into Keean's ear.

Dax's sleep was filled with an amazing scent and pleasant dreams. Waking to find his mate almost falling out of bed, the alpha pulled his mate to his bare chest to steady him. His mates scent filled his lungs and he could not help the appreciative growl that came from him.

"I'm fine. Sorry, I didn't want to wake you. I need to use the restroom," said a flustered Keean. The big warm arm felt amazing and that big chest was warm on his back.

"You need the latrine? There is a chamber pot in the corner, little one," growled the alpha into Keean's ear.

A shiver went up Keean's spine and he pushed Dax's arm away to get off the bed. He hurriedly made his way to the corner and found a round pot bowl thing. His dick was getting hard, but the need to pee was stronger. Keean didn't dare turn around so he bent his knees and aimed into the pot. He sighed as relief came over him and he tried to finish quickly.

"Oh, little one th-," Dax began to query.

"I aint that small. My name is Keean," laughed the smaller man as he turned around.

"Yes. Keean. What I was going to say, is that isn't the chamber pot. That's my water container," Dax smirked as his eyes shown with laughter. He tried to contain his chuckle but the look on his mates face was priceless.

"Oh shit! Sorry. Fuck. You said pot, and it looked like a pot. I'll clean it out for you. Do you have any spong-," Keean frantically scanned the tent.

"It's all right. Don't fret my ma-," Dax paused. "- I mean not to worry, Keean. It's just a simple bowl," offered the smiling giant.

Dax made his way to the actual chamber pot. Keean noticed that it was large enough to cook a pig. He hastily turned around before the big man could whip out his junk and Keean needed sponges for himself. He went back to the pile of fur that made as a bed. Keean sat down to wait while the sexy big guy finished pissing like Niagara falls. 

"Great, every man I ever thought was hot, just merged into one sex god and he has his dick out in the same room as me." Keean thought as he squeezed his thighs and stared up at the ceiling.

"Where am I? And sorry for asking this, but who are you again? Drake is it?" Keean asked as Dax came around to sit next his mate. The pallet sunk down with the weight of Dax next to him.

Now that Keean saw him in full profile, Dax looked extremely sexy. His eyes were smiling and his face held a soft comfort that melted Keean's insides. His skin was a rich dark ebony and beautifully even. He had curly black hair on his chest that trailed down a powerful midsection. His arms were large and strong and even relaxed, Keean knew that he was no weakling. His black beard was thick but well groomed and his lips were deliciously full. His legs were large and his thighs stretched the leather pants well. He dared not look at the bigger man's bulge. He could feel a compelling warmth and he yearned to lean into it. Sitting next to him, Keean's head only came up to his shoulder and he tried his best not to stare at that big inviting chest and dark nipples.

"My name is Dax. Daxwell Ironfang. And you are safe here. You are in Wolvren," Dax offered his big hand to his mate in greeting. It took all of Dax's restraint not scoop up the smaller male into his lap.

"Keean Andra. Nice to meet you Dax," Keean returned with a blush and felt his insides further melt at the big warm hand that encased is own.

"Wolvren? I've never heard of that place. One minute I was in the snow with the wolves and the creatures and my side was hurt and the wolves are hurt and I left them ther-," Keean rushed to get everything out in a panic.

"Easy now my mate. I mean...Keean. Please calm down. You were injured badly and you lost a lot of blood. Calm down and try to start from the beginning," Dax gently coaxed as he rubbed his mates back.

"Okay. I was at my family's cabin. There was a wolf that I saved from a trap. And then a creature attacked us. Then some other wolves came and helped us and that creature died. Then another creature came and attacked us. I managed to cut it with my knife and it died, but it slashed my side as we fell off the cliff. I can't remember everything so clearly as it happened so fast. I think I passed out. When I woke up, I was in that clearing. I felt so tired I went to sleep by that tree and that's where you found me," Keean finished his summary of events. He felt like such an idiot saying those things aloud. He left out the events of the giant wolf god teleporting him here. He didn't need his saviour to think he was insane. Calling those things creatures instead of monsters seemed plausible. He looked at Dax and saw the big man just staring at him.

"You were attacked by creatures?" growled Dax. "What did these creatures look like?"

"You believe me?" asked Keean in shock.

"Of course my ma-. Keean. I believe you. The slashes you got were from claws. It looked like werewolf claws but the gashes were different. Uneven," said Dax gently.

"Werewolf. You think werewolves are real. You think that thing was a werewolf?" asked Keean in surprise.

"Well of course werewolves are real my-, Keean. I am a werewolf. As is a vast majority of males in Wolvren," Dax offered as his mate backed away slightly.

"You're a werewolf? C'mon seriously? You think you're a werewolf? Okay those things weren't werewolves. They were probably some genetically altered wolf zombie things from Resident Evil, okay. There's no such thing as werewolves. If there were, I would be all over that shit. I love wolves and werewolf stuff. I watched Underworld like a hundred times. I even caved and watched Twilight. But seriously...Dax? C'mon man," Keean trailed off as he saw the solemn expression on Dax's face. Dax looked down at his hands and balled his fists.

"I believe what happened to you is as you say. So I ask the same of you. I would not lie," said Dax sincerely. His mate didn't believe him. It hurt.

Keean touched his arm. "Its not that I think you're lying. Its just...okay if you're a werewolf, prove it," challenged Keean.

"My ma-," Dax began.

"I'm sorry. I know you helped me and you listened to me. But if you say you're a werewolf, you can change right? Then show me," Keean asked crossing his arms.

Dax was surprised. His mate was no pushover. 

"Of course my m-," Dax was cut short.

"Why do you keep calling me that?" asked Keean curiously.

"Calling you what?" Dax looked to the entrance as if magically someone was going to interrupt.

"'My Mate'? Why do you keep saying that halfway and then say my name?" asked Keean with a curious smile.

"Ah. It is just a salutation," Dax's deep baritone voice did nothing to hide his panic.

"Oh like Australians do. They call everyone 'mate' instead of 'friend'," said Keean casually, seemingly oblivious to Dax's internal dilemma.

"Yes. Mate. Friend," said Dax softly. His mate is just about to find out that werewolves are real. Telling him about mates and that the two of them were mates, hours after meeting, did not seem wise at the moment. 

"All right. I will shift. But please don't be scared or run. You asked for this. I will not hurt you," declared Dax a little loud. His mate wanted to see his were-form and he could not deny him. His wolf self howled in delight in his mind.

Keean watched as Dax stood up before him and saw his muscles bulge. It started out with a popping sound as bones expanded and muscles augmented. Black fur rose from his skin like a wave and Dax's face morphed into a wolf head. His ears grew and became pointy. His mouth elongated into a muzzle and teeth grew into canines. His height increased to 9ft and hunched over Keean as Dax's mass increased as well. The leather breeches ripped off at the seams leaving barely a covering over his groin. Keean looked as Dax's fingers grew into claws. Dax eyes shifted a familiar wolfish yellow and Keean stared into the face of a real life werewolf. 

Keean sat glued to the bed, as he couldn't move. This was what was chasing him in his dreams. The familiar feeling rushed through him. He stared openly at the big werewolf before him and felt all his fears evaporate. 

Dax moved a furred knee up next to him and leaned over Keean until his muzzle was barely touching his lips.

"Wow. You look...so beautiful!" whispered Keean.

Dax ears perked in surprise, as he did not expect this reaction. His mate's hands went into his fur and scratched him behind his ears. The touch of his mate made Dax quiver and he growled low as he buried his muzzle into his mate's neck. He licked and a delicious gasp made him push his mate onto the bed before him.

"Th-that tickles big guy, oh oh-wow you're so warm. Your fur is so soft. Okay okay, stop licking! You're getting drool in my hair. Dax. Wait! Okay big guy I can't breathe," laughed Keean against the powerful werewolf.

Dax growled again at the melodious sound and licked Keean's ear. Reaching under his mate he pulled him up until the tall werewolf was sitting on the floor with his mate in his lap whilst Dax proceeded to wash his mate. Growl after growl and gentle nips to wonderfully soft skin, Dax thought that nothing could ever taste so good. The warm spicy scent splashed over his tongue and filled his entire being like sunlight warming the earth. He nuzzled into the warmth of his mate and revelled in how wonderful this felt. How right his mate felt in his arms. He held firmly around his mate's waist and moved so that his mate straddled his big thighs. Finished with his mates wash and sniffing inspection, the big werewolf stared into his mate's eyes. Dax felt his chest puff out.

"I really need to get used to wolves doing this to me. Why do you guys keep on licking me so much!" Keean scolded Dax.

Dax's eyes flattened a bit and a small whine escaped his muzzle. "Apologies, my mate," Dax thought.

"I can hear you like I can hear the wolves!" said Keean excitedly. 

Dax's ears went up in surprise. It was unheard of. Werewolves couldn't speak. It is said they lost the gift of tongue when the first men shifted. Growls, whines, yips and snarls were the only communication. Soldiers trained for years to communicate on the battlefield. Dax was renowned for being able to command his army with simple growls. That was basically what these training sessions were for.

"You can hear me?" asked Dax as his head tilted to the side in question.

"You're so cute! Yeah I can hear you. Just like the wolves back on the mountain. I think I can speak to wolf thingies," said Keean happily. He rubbed Dax's muzzle and reached up to touch Dax's ear.

Dax shivered as his ears were sensitive. The soft touch of his mate made him shudder in pleasure. "So good," he thought.

"Feels nice? Who's a good boy? Yes you are. You're a good boy. Whose a little puppy?" cooed Keean to Dax in a baby voice as he scratched behind Dax's ears.

Dax was about to growl that he was no dog, but this was his mate and he let the smaller male do what he wanted. Any other being, aside his sister, would have been bitten for this insult. Moreover, he couldn't deny the scratches and touches to his ears and ruff were exquisite.

"I'm a little puppy?" asked Dax mischievously.

"Well no, but you're so cute and warm and soft. Wow, you have muscles on muscles big guy. You're fur is soft but your body is like a mountain," Keean said in wonder as his hands roamed over the big furred arms and the big furry chest in front of him.

Dax growled in pleasure at being admired by his mate.

"Oh sorry, I should stop. Sorry," Keean apologised and realised he was rubbing another guy at Dax's growl. He tried to pull away.

"It's all right. I like your assessment. It feels nice. Please continue your investigation. I would like to ease your mind on werewolves," Dax said gently into his mate's ear. He did not want to let go, as well as he wanted his mate to be comfortable around him.

"You sure? It's not weird for you?" asked Keean a bit apprehensive.

"I insist. You may proceed," invited Dax as he held onto his mate's waist and leaned back on his elbows to allow the smaller male access.

Keean continued to comment on how soft and big Dax was and the werewolf growled his thanks each time. His mate's hands went all over his chest and muzzle and Dax felt like he was in heaven. Sitting like this, Dax was as tall as Keean when standing. With his mate straddling his thighs and Dax holding him up, the top of Keean's head came up to his muzzle. Keean picked up the side of Dax's lip flapping and looked at his teeth.

"Wow, sharp. 'All the more better to eat you with my dear'," Keean teased in an old woman's voice.

Dax laughed even though he was unfamiliar with the reference. His smaller mate smiled up at him and Dax lowered his muzzle to gently lick his mate's lips. Dax felt his dick harden under his mate's weight and his own leather covering. He also smelled his mate's lust. His mate's hardness pressed into his own and the big werewolf growled again as his mates lips slowly pressed into his thin wolf lips.

Keean sat up and wrapped his arms around Dax's shoulders. He was about to open his mouth to accept the big wolfish tongue when his stomach decided to growl out loud in hunger.

"Uh, sorry," Keean said embarrassed. He pulled away from the kiss and sat back down on Dax's thighs.

"Ah Yes. Let's get you to the healers tent and then some food. The healer who helped you last night said you should drink these herbs to help with your blood loss. But seeing as my water is undrinkable now-," Keean cringed, "we will need to go to the healers tent," thought Dax smiling.

Regrettably, Dax moved his weight forward and whilst still holding onto his mates waist quickly shifted to his human form.

"Wow that was quick. Healers? Like doctors and nurses?" asked Keean. "I'm a doctor. Well I haven't practised in 10 years, sooo...okay let's go. I'm starving," Keean was rambling. He looked up at Dax and stood up out of the bigger males hold. 

"I don't have any clothes. What happened to my hoody?" he asked the big man.

"It was torn and wet with snow and blood. The healer discarded it over there," pointed Dax.

"Oh no. My favourite hoody. Is my bag here? You brought it with right?" asked Keean as the atmosphere in the tent changed more business-like. 

Dax cleared his throat and passed his mate the bag he brought. He went over to his own clothes pile and pulled on a fresh pair of breeches and his leather vest.

They each dressed silently, with backs turned to one another and missed glances. 

Keean checked his backpack. Everything was still here and seemed undamaged. He pulled on a pair of sweat shorts and his Run DMC t-shirt. He found some secret socks and put those on with his Adidas trainers. He pulled out his phone and saw it was still on with no service. His laptop looked fine, thank god. He saw his toiletry kit and told Dax he needed to freshen up as well.

"I will take you to the river not far from here. You can rest easy. No one will disturb us," growled the bigger male. His eyes glinted yellow as he emphasised their privacy. Dax noted how his mates behind filled out the short pants and growled again.

"Um, thanks. Yeah. I just feel a little gross from what happened last night. Just need to eat and freshen up and I'll be a new man," laughed Keean.

Keean left his bag next to the bed and followed Dax out. He was surprised to see many men milling about. They were dressed as soldiers would and all of them were big. No one was near as big as Dax, but they all looked strong. Keean wondered if they all were werewolves too. Dax continued to stop and wait for him as he stared around the camp. He followed Dax to a big tent at the back of the huge encampment. 

"Oh god, do these guys live in the woods. Are they roughing it out Bear Grills style," thought the smaller man. "I am so not going to do well here," he shuddered at the thought of washing in a river like a hobo and doing his business in the bushes.

"Lady Healer, this is Keean. You said to bring him once he was awake to assess his well-being," Dax announced very formal to Kari. He stared hard at the girl in warning.

Keean just shyly waved at her, as he stood next to Dax seemingly oblivious to the tension.

"Hi, I'm Keean. Dax's friend," said Keean warmly to the small woman. She looked young and was wearing a white robe with blue trim. She had auburn hair that fell past her shoulders and looked very pretty.

"Master Keean," Kari bowed. "Please come and sit down-," Kari began but was interrupted by the older healer.

"Leave them to me and go pack up the bandages Kari," said an old woman in a very dismissive tone to the young healer.

"Um, Lord Dax said-," Kari began.

"Lady Kari will be the only one to assess my m-, friend. He was injured and she was of great help last night while you were snoring away. No one else is to touch him!" boomed the big alpha. "You go and pack the bandages," commanded Dax as the older woman flinched and scurried away while Keean and Kari just stared at each other.
