 Here is chapter 2 of Woodbridge Academy! Thank you for all the support from the first segment, hopefully you like this as well J 

***** 

The morning after my new adventure with Matt Humphrey, I was in a complete daze. I woke up an hour before my alarm went off, and spent the next 60 minutes staring at the ceiling wondering what at the hell I was going to do. I had certainly enjoyed my night with Matt, but I have a feeling he is not going to want just some casual hook up. He had said he had a thing for me for years. It was doubtful that he would want to just hook up now that he had been successful with me. I shook my head at how conceited I sounded, even within my own mind. He was a local star, if anything, I was the lucky one. And I had been. Memories of his mouth wrapped around my cock flooded my mind and all the blood in my body instantly flooded south. Here was no denying that it had been the best feeling I had ever experienced in my 18 years, certainly better than anything with my ex. It still amazed me that one little blowjob could make me question everything I had ever thought about myself. 

"Dude, what has you spinning out over there?" Josh's sleepy voice asked me from across the room. When I glanced over, he was sitting up in his bed, rubbing his eyes before putting on his glasses. 

"Nothing." I answered. "Just thinking." 

"Where'd you go last night? I waited up for a while, but you never came back by 11 so I went to bed." 

"No worries. I just figured I'd stay out of your hair for a while so you could enjoy your time with your mystery man." 

"Yeah. About that. You might not have to worry about that anymore." He told me as he stood and stretched. 

"What do you mean?" 

He shrugged and gave me a small grin. "I'm pretty sure we ended things last night. I told him I wanted you to know about him so I didn't have to keep kicking you out, and he got mad. It was the same routine we always go through, and I'm beginning to wonder if he's coming back this time. Normally when we have this argument, he always texts me to say that he's sorry by the time he gets back to his room, but this time, there was nothing but radio silence. But whatever." 

"I'm sorry, Josh. It's his loss. Really. You deserve someone who can appreciate you." 

He grinned. "Well, someone who appreciates me for more than my mouth and ass." 

Normally, when Josh said things like this to me, it was my cue to leave or change the subject. This time, I felt a blush creep over my face as I processed what he was saying. Was that what Matt saw me as too? A piece of ass for his own pleasure when he wanted it? I had caved pretty easily last night. He was probably giddy over the fact that it took him less than an hour to get in my pants. I was more than a little embarrassed to say that the fresh reminder made my already semi-hard dick firm up to a painfully hard level. The image of Matt looking up at me as he worshipped my dick popped into my mind before I could stop it. 

"What's wrong?" Josh asked, tilting his head as he stared at me. 

"Nothing." I muttered as I rolled back onto my side to avoid his gaze. And the likelihood that he would spot my raging boner. 

"Whatever." He chuckled. "I'm going to shower." 

As soon as Josh left the room and went to the communal bathroom, I rolled back onto my back. Hearing him talk about what happened with his guy made me worry. Would Matt want to come out? Would I have to? Do I even care about that stuff? Not really. Love is love if you ask me. Not that I think Matt loves me or anything, but he was definitely into it. Either way, it was something that warranted a conversation. If he didn't pretend I ceased to exist, that is. 

I could hear Josh singing in the shower through the wall, not a care in the world. It always amazed me that he could be so calm and relaxed, even in rough situations. He was just an overall nice guy. Kind of like Matt. He put himself out there, and once we got over the initial awkwardness of the experience, I learned he was actually a really nice guy. I had always imagined him to be a cocky son of a bitch, but he was funny, down to earth, and caring. Not exactly traits I had pictured him to have. He always seemed to be the typical, perfect high school guy. The Freddie Prince Jr of our class. He had it all, from the looks, to the brains, to the athleticism. God only knows what he saw in me. Sure, I swam, and was damn good at it, and I was pretty smart, but he was the king of the school. He could have anyone he wanted. Why would he settle on someone who flies under the radar like I do? 

I hadn't even realized that my hand had crept into my boxers until I was gently palming my cock. I was achingly hard from earlier, and now that I was playing with myself, the need to relieve the tension was even greater. Rubbing my palm over my tip that had already begun to weep. I knew I didn't have much time, limited to however long Josh was in the shower, but I had to do something about this. Closing my eyes, I moved my hand, wet with my own juices, and began to pump up and down. I let myself imagine it was Matt sliding his hand over me, rubbing his rough palm over my shaft, teasing the tip as he went. Once again, the mental image of Matt laying between my legs filled my mind and I let out a strangled moan as I relished in the feeling of flesh on flesh. I began to work my hand faster, feeling my balls tense up in that familiar ache that every guy loved so much. The image of Matt swallowing my cum was my undoing, and I erupted all over my hand with a groan. 

There was no denying it now. I was hot for Matt Humphrey. 

I I had already cleaned myself up and tossed my shirt in our laundry hamper without a second thought when Josh came back into the room, towel wrapped around his waist. "You'd better hurry up, Jay. You only have 20 minutes to breakfast." 

Quick glance at the clock confirmed what he had told me, so I grabbed my towel and headed to the shower myself, scrubbing off any traces of my self love before I washed my hair and headed out. Josh was already dressed, so I quickly pulled on my school uniform and headed out with him. There was already quite a bit of life o the campus, even so early in the morning. Classes didn't start until 9 for us, but there was a breakfast that started at 8 if you wanted it. Some people kept food in their rooms, but I liked to go and get a variety, and it gave me a chance to catch up on work. Speaking of which, I still have to finish that chapter before Irish lit second period. 

I had just settled down with a tray and my book when Josh plopped next to me, slamming his tray in the process and huffing as he opened his orange juice. When I looked up, I saw that his face was all red. He looked pissed. "What's wrong?" I dared to ask. 

He shook his head and focused on his cereal, stabbing at the bowl as if they offended him. When a bit of milk splashed onto his blazer, he tossed his spoon to the table. "Fuck!" He wiped at his blazer angrily, so roughly I swore he was going to put a hole in it. "Nothing." He told me. "It's just...well, some guys are just assholes." 

"Did someone say something to you?" I asked him, glancing over at the buffet line. No one seemed to be looking our way. I had been so engrossed in my reading that I hadn't noticed Josh talking to anyone. If someone had been messing with him, I would have put an end to it immediately. I have zero tolerance for bullying, especially in such a small setting like our school. "Josh, seriously. What happened?" 

When he finally looked up, his eyes were rimmed red, and he looked legitimately upset. "Nothing like that, Jason. You can calm down." He chuckled, even though it had a dark humor behind it. "I just had a pretty bad conversation. I don't understand how I got myself into this mess. I am proud of who I am, and I can't imagine what it would be like to not have that same level of satisfaction that I am who I am and I'm okay with it, you know?" 

"Does this have to do with your secret boyfriend?" I asked him, glancing around. I still had no clue who it could be. "You don't deserve to be someone's dirty secret, Josh. You're a great guy. Some day, a really wonderful gay guy will realize that, and you won't have to deal with these closet cases anymore." 

"I mean, I just don't get it. He is gay, and there's no denying that. He certainly loved sucking my dick last night. Straight guys don't do that." He muttered. 

"No, they don't." I felt my ears burning. There's no way they enjoy a guy sucking their dick either, I thought to myself. "Look, it will all work out. If it's meant to be, he will come around. Don't let yourself get all worked up over it. Some asshole who is going to treat you like shit is not worth your time and effort. And some guy who is going to taunt you in the breakfast line when he's too chicken shit to confront people is definitely not worth your time. You're the best guy I know, and someone else will realize it as well soon enough." 

"You're right." He agreed. "I am probably just overreacting. But I just overheard him telling his friends about how he was banging some girl in her dorm room last night, and that's why he didn't want to go hang out with his friends. He called me a girl, Jay. How fucked up is that? If you're going to lie about where you were, don't bring me into it." 

"Yeah, that's bullshit." I agreed. It royally pissed me off as well. Josh was a great guy, and definitely didn't deserve to be treated this way. 

Josh managed to mellow out a little bit, while I finished reading the chapter for class. Hopefully I actually retained enough after all the distractions I had while trying to get through it. It was a pretty easy read compared to what I have had to read compared to other classes. Once I was done, I saw I only had a few minutes until the bell rang, so I said my goodbyes to Josh and made my way to the bathroom before calculus. 

I was just washing my hands when I heard the door shut behind me. One look up in the mirror, and I saw that it was Matt coming in. "Hey." I greeted him with a grin. "How's it going?" 

"Hey." He returned. "Sorry for being creepy, but I saw you heading this way and thought I would say hi." 

"It's not creepy." I told him, thinking about my own creepy moment when I jerked off to the thought of him before getting out of bed. "I'm glad you did." 

"Oh, really?" He asked with a smirk. 

"Yeah." I moved closer to him, both of our hands finding their way to the other's waist. 

"Why's that?" 

"Because this way I get to start my day off with this." I told him, leaning forward and pressing my mouth to his. Matt wasted no time returning the kiss, bringing his hands up to my back and pulling my tightly to his body. I could feel him starting to get aroused as his tongue pressed into my mouth, and I moaned softly as his tongue explored every crevice. 

"What was that for?" He breathed out as he pulled away, pressing his forehead to mine. 

"No reason." I told him, slightly out of breath after the heated make out session. "it just seemed like the right thing to do." 

"I have to agree with you on that one." He said with a smile. "Did you finish reading?" He asked as he pulled away and casually leaned against the counter. The boring school uniform looked like it was designed for him. Where mine hung off my lean features, Matt's broad shoulders filled out the blazer perfectly. He was freshly ironed, tucked in, and his tie was perfectly tied. I guess growing up in the spotlight had required him to be so perfectly presented, but it made me feel like a frumpy cow next to him. I don't think I would even know how to operate an iron if I tried. 

"Yeah, I just finished at breakfast. Finally able to overcome the 9000 distractions that have come up." 

"Sorry about that." 

"No, you're not." I grinned. 

My grin was returned. "You're right. I'm not sorry at all." The bell went off, so I picked up my bag from where I had left it. "so..." He started off sheepishly before I made my way out the door. 

"So?" I stopped and turned to face him. "What's up?" 

"I don't have your phone number. Do you think we could trade?" He was so shy about it, it was probably one of the nicest things I had ever seen. All the girls I had been involved with had been amazingly self assured, and this sweet, shy side of Matt was really winning me over. 

"That's probably a good idea." I handed him my phone to put his number in, while I did the same to his, handing it back just as the second warning bell went off. "We should get going." I reminded him, 

He leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss on my mouth, before reaching behind me and opening the door. "I'll be in touch about later." He told me, and left me behind in the bathroom. With a shake of my head, I composed myself and left the bathroom as well, my stomach a flutter with a variety of emotions I didn't know how to handle. 

Luckily, the day passed by without drama, minus the pop quiz in my lit class, which I luckily aced thanks to the warning that it was coming. Getting in the pool at the end of the day was always a relief, so by the time swim practice came around, I was ready to get wet. I was captain along with another senior that I really only knew from the swim team. He was in a lower level of classes so we never really interacted much during the day, but he was a powerhouse in the pool, and we managed to get along pretty well. After practice, Josh and I were getting dressed beside each other in the locker room when we could hear some other guys on the other side of the locker room. I instantly picked out Matt's voice, and the voice of another guy from the football team, Adam Simmons. 

"Well, it sounds like you had a fun night, then." We overheard Matt say. 

"It was awesome. Jane is amazing in bed. Absolutely blows my mind every time I see her." Adam told him, not even trying to control the volume of his voice. Josh had tensed beside me, and all of a sudden, everything clicked. Maybe Adam was the one that Josh had secretly been seeing? Adam was the son of a senator, a huge jock, and one of the more popular guys at school. Josh had also mentioned that he was bragging about hooking up with a girl last night at breakfast. That was exactly something Adam would do. He was not exactly the nicest guy in our class, in my own opinion, but that didn't mean that Josh didn't like him. "I'm telling you man, she has a mouth like a hoover." 

"I have to go." Josh muttered. "I'll see you back in the room." He slammed his locker shut and stormed out of the locker room, letting that door slam behind him as well. There was no denying it now—Josh was definitely the Jane that Adam was talking about. What a dick. 

"Sounds great." Matt told him. I was curious to see what he would have to say about his night. He had mentioned that he didn't want to come out, but part of me was hoping he would be kind of honest about how he spent the night. 

"What'd you do? The guys said that you didn't answer any texts all night." Adam asked him. 

"I went into the city to have dinner with Michelle." Matt told him. 

"Oh, yeah." Adam laughed. "So you must have gotten lucky too." 

"Naw." Matt told him with a laugh. "Michelle and I aren't like that. You know we're just friends." 

"But she's a fucking smoke show!" Adam whined. I struggled to contain my snicker. Clearly Adam didn't care how hot Michelle was if he was hooking up with Josh. I never understood guys who weren't proud of who they were. It only proved my suspicions right—Josh could definitely do better than this asswipe who would openly lie about him to everyone in sight. 

"I've known her since we were kids. I'm just not into her." Matt told him. "And we just had dinner. Then I ran into Jason Murphy on the train and we hung out for the night." 

"Since when are you friends with Murphy?" Adam asked, and I could practically picture him cocking his head to the side in confusion. Adam was definitely the type who only got to go here because of who his father is. 

"He's a cool guy." Matt defended me, and I felt the grin creep over my face. Feeling like a creep for listening to their conversation, I finished getting my stuff together and went to make my way back to the dorm. "It was fun. There's no harm in getting to know other people." With a full smile on my face, I left the locker room. I went by the cafeteria and grabbed a couple of boxed dinners for myself and Josh before I headed back to the dorm. It was only 5, so I still had plenty of time to get some work done before I could hang out with Matt. Just because I had already gotten into school doesn't mean that I could slack off. I had a valedictorian spot to defend. 

Josh was laying on his bed staring at the ceiling when I got to the room. His headphones were on, but I could hear the music blaring from across the room. He didn't even budge when I walked in, and I questioned if he even saw me come in. I tossed his dinner box onto his lap, and he finally jumped in acknowledgement that I was there. "Hey." He said as he shut his music off. 

"Hey." I returned before pulling my desk chair over closer to his bed. As I plopped down in it, I looked at Josh, watching him poke hi dinner around in disinterest. "Don't let Adam get you down." I told him. "He's not worth it." 

Josh looked up in shock. "I guess I gave it away, huh?" I just nodded. "He's not really an asshole." He defended him. "He is actually pretty nice when it's just the two of us, or I would never tolerate him. He has a front that is obnoxious, but I swear he is really kind. He's been good to me. Other than the refusing to come out thing, things between us are really great. It's just the one fight." 

"I believe you, Josh, but I don't want to see you upset like this. It freaks me out when you're down." He just gave me a giant grin. "I mean it. He's an ass for talking about you like you're a girl, but it's his own insecurities. Quite frankly, he's an idiot for not wanting to stake his claim on you." 

"Oh, he stakes his claim on me. Quite a few times, actually." He wiggled his eyebrows at me. I just grinned. Josh could be so stupid. "There's something different about you." He frowned. "You didn't make the face." 

'What face?" 

"The face you always make when I talk about sex." 

I just shrugged. 'Whatever. It's not a big deal." 

Josh put his dinner down and stared at me. "Seriously. Who the hell are you?" 

The silence that lingered between us was as awkward as we have ever been. I was torn between telling him and keeping Matt's secret a little longer. Finally, I caved under the heavy weight of the silence on my shoulders. "I hooked up with Matt Humphrey last night." I admitted. 

Josh jumped off the bed in a heartbeat. "I knew it!" He exclaimed. "Son of a bitch! I was right! When you didn't come home last night before I fell asleep, I knew there was something up. You totally got some! Tell me everything." 

I felt the blush creep over my entire body. I probably resembled a lobster at this point. "It's not a big deal." 

"I want to know everything." Josh whined. 

I relented and gave him the gory details. Josh hung on to my every word like a giddy school girl as I told him all about the train, the locker room, his room, the hook up, the bathroom this morning. Everything he wanted. Josh was grinning hysterically through the entire thing, even chuckling as I told him certain parts. 

"I knew he had a thing for you." He confessed. "Matt told me one day when he was absolutely hammered after a bonfire. He wanted me to introduce the two of you, but he came to me the next day and said he didn't think he could go through with it because he didn't want to have to see you every day if you rejected him." Josh stretched. "So when are you seeing him again?" 
