 "So I've been thinking." Matt burst out as he entered my room without so much as a knock. 

"Always a scary thing." I told him as I sat up. 

"Very funny." He rolled his eyes at me. "But seriously. I have an idea." 

"What's that?" I asked him, moving over so I could make room for him on my twin bed. He made himself right at home, lifting my legs out of his way and plopping them right back over his lap so we sat perpendicular to each other. Matt had such as ease in him, from the way he walked, the way he talked, right down to the way he pulled his backpack onto his shoulder in the hallway. Effortlessly cool, as Josh liked to say. 

"Well." He started, but then stopped and stared at me for a good thirty seconds without saying a word. 

"What?" I asked, feeling self conscious under his watchful gaze. 

He shook his head. "Nothing. I just got distracted." He gave me one of those dick hardening grins he was so good at. "I missed you today. I kept trying to intersect your path but it just didn't work out." 

"I missed you too." I told him, repositioning myself so I was closer to him. I ended up straddling his legs and wrapping my arms around his neck. He just leaned against the wall, his signature grin plastered on his face, as he stared back at me. "Maybe we should make up for lost time." I suggested, leaning in until my mouth was right below his ear. I felt his shiver before he said anything, so I moved down and gently kissed the side of his neck. "You smell so good." I murmured into his skin before giving him a little lick. 

Matt practically growled, all man as his hands found my hip bones and gripped them tightly enough to get a good hold on me before he flipped me over so I was on my back. He pounced on me in a heartbeat, his mouth landing roughly on mine as his hand found its way to the bottom of my shirt, yanking it from my pants and pushing it up my chest. 

Matt was a man on a mission, fingers desperately trying to undo my pants as he started to rub against me. He was already rock hard and it aroused me to no end. As soon as he got the belt undone, he forced his hand inside my pants and gripped me. The warmth of his hand made me hard instantly, and once he started to pump, I knew I wasn't going to last long. 

Since we had gotten home from the beach, we had been a bit more adventurous. Glances in public lasted longer, we found ways to touch each other whenever we were close. We weren't broadcasting ourselves, but the freeness Matt felt after getting the approval of his father was incredible. He was like a different person-totally hilarious and goofy all the time, wide smiles, big laughs. It was like he was the most cheerful guy in the world. I loved that he was so happy, and that I got to be part of that joy. It was amazing, and every day spent with him made me realize just how much I loved him. I never would have thought I could be so in love with someone, but Matt was it. He was all that was good in my life, and I just wanted to keep him with me forever. Isn't that what everyone wants, to love someone and have them love you in return? Human anatomy was irrelevant to me. Matt was the love of my life, and his body was great, but it was him I loved. His big personality, his jokes, his kindness. He was perfect. 

With a flurry of arms and legs, I managed to get Matt out of his blazer and got his shirt unbuttoned. The DC May had come around, with warm weather and plenty of sunshine, so Matt wasn't wearing an undershirt under his dress shirt, and the second I got my hands on all that bare skin covering his muscles, I knew I had to get my mouth on him. 

I rolled us over on the tiny twin bed until Matt was under me now. In a tangled mess of limbs, I managed to get my clothes off before focusing on his. Far too many obstacles. Matt was panting, laying there with his hands gently guiding my body where he wanted it, but I wasn't having it. I was going to go where I wanted. 

Leaning down, I kissed my way across his broad chest, making love to each nipple with my tongue. Matt purred in delight as I sucked the dusky pearl into my mouth, lavishing it with my tongue between sucks. He began to rock his hips back and forth, obviously trying to rub his dick against me. Seeing what he was doing, I lifted myself up onto my elbow and out of reach from his groin. Matt let out a groan of frustration, that blended into a sigh as I continued to nip and kiss my way down his flat stomach. 

"Oh, baby, you're killing me." He moaned out, fingers gripping the sheets beside him. "I actually came here just to talk." He chuckled, but it quickly changed to a groan when I took his hard cock in my hand. 

"We'll talk later." I told him, before sliding my tongue out and tracing a teasing lick from the base of his shaft all the way to the very tip. His slit was glistening with a drop of juice that was dying to be swept away, so I licked that up, letting the tip of my tongue get his whole head wet. Matt was watching me with feral eyes as I worked on his cock with slow, teasing licks. I loved giving Matt head. There was something so satisfying about watching him fall apart at the mercy of my mouth, and it always got me so hard to think about how he looked whenever I blew him. So I kept my eyes on him as I licked his cock one more time before moving down. 

Matt's balls hung low and heavy, a perfect symbol of the level of manliness he exuded on a daily basis. I dragged my tongue over the taut skin, smiling to myself when I heard him gasp and practically whimper. I couldn't get a good view of him from this angle, but I knew he was still watching me so I decided to put on a show for him. I took my time and focused all of my attention on his balls, sucking them into my mouth one at a time, rolling my tongue around them. Matt's grunts were enough to make me realize that he was happy with what I was doing for him. 

I sucked both balls into my mouth at the same time, and smiled to myself as Matt nearly jumped a foot off the bed. I loved to do that, yet every time he seemed by surprised by it. 

His cock was dripping at this point, but his hand had found its way there and he was stroking himself as I sucked. I released his balls and slid up a few inches until my face was right next to his hand, and watched for a few seconds before I gently pulled his hand from my way, and kissed his fingers gently before I moved my mouth onto him. Matt propped himself up on his elbows to watch, whispering words of encouragement as I sucked him deep into my throat. 

"Fuck, Jay. You're so good at that." He moaned, and I watched as his eyes rolled back in his head and he fell to his back. His knees came up around me, holding me in place. 

With a satisfying pop, I moved my mouth off of him. "Lube." I whispered. Matt's eyes were glazed over with lust, but he seemed to snap awake at my command. He reached over to my nightstand where we had started stashing stuff. We didn't hook up in my room often because of the small bed and the roommate issue, but every now and then we acted like the horny teenagers we are and couldn't make it down to his room. 

Matt handed me a foil packet and the small bottle of lube we kept here, and settled back on his elbows. He was watching my every move, probably trying to figure out what I was up to. I rarely take control, so I'm sure he thought it was bound to end at some point. 

Not today. 

I ripped the foil packet with my teeth and tossed it aside before rolling the condom onto Matt's throbbing erection. He groaned as my hand rubbed over him, making sure the little raincoat was firmly in place. With my free hand, I pumped out some lube and began to massage his cock with it, getting him nice and wet. 

"Let me watch you." He murmured, eyes dark with lust as he watched my hand. It took me a second to realize what he was talking about before it clicked. I gave him my most wicked grin before settling back, making sure I was in his line of view. I slowly took my finger and began to rub at my puckered asshole, teasing the muscle before I slid one finger in. I clenched tightly around my digit, but kept going for Matt's sake. He was practically panting as he watched my finger disappear bit by bit until it was firmly planted inside my bottom. 

"Fuck." He groaned out, moving to sit up, but I pushed him back with my free hand. 

"No." I ordered. "Sit back and watch." 

He grinned. "Yes, sir." He laughed, but settled back and continued to watch as I began to slide my finger in and out. I added another and began to stretch myself out, moaning in pleasure as I did so. 

Matt was almost growling by now. "If you don't let me fuck you in the next five seconds, I might just explode." He threatened. 

"Don't do that." I teased, pulling my fingers out of my ass and crawling back to him, spreading my legs on either side of him. I made sure that I had moved a little higher up his stomach, letting his cock graze my backside but not get anywhere near my hole. "I don't want my baby to explode." I purred, leaning down to give him a kiss. It was meant to be short and sweet, but it turned rough and passionate as soon as Matt grabbed my head and pulled me to him. 

"I have to get inside you." He moaned against my mouth between kisses. 

I decided to stop torturing him and sat back. I had never done it with him in this position, but I had watched a lot of porn that had guys riding each other, so how hard could it be? Besides, it made me feel powerful, like for once, I was the dominating one. I was going to get a chance to top from the bottom. I loved the dynamic we had, but Matt letting me take control was turning me on like nothing I had ever imagined. 

Straddling over him, I lined his cock ip with my ass and sat down on it, letting his large mushroom head breach my rim with a groan from both of us. Between my own prep and all the lube I had rubbed onto Matt, he slipped right in. I sat all the way down on him until his cock was buried to the hilt, and I gave us a minute for both of us to adjust. The discomfort was still there, but I had long since learned that I could wait it out for the best pleasure of my life. Matt was gazing up at me with a mix of lust and wonder in his eyes, and I'm sure I looked exactly the same. He was so deep I could feel every little vein pulsing against my walls, teasing my prostate and filling me to the brim. 

After a moment, I felt my muscles relax around his girth and so I began to lift myself off of him and dropped down again. I felt like an awkward giraffe trying to learn to walk but I kept at it, just wanting to please Matt. "Fuck." He growled out, and started to thrust his hips up and down. I rocked along with him, and we found our perfect rhythm. Matt's big, hard cock was sliding in and out of my ass at record speed, the big mushroom head bumping against my prostate with each thrust, and I was teetering on the edge of monstrous orgasm. 

"Oh my god, that feels so good." I moaned out at him, pushing faster and harder until I couldn't take it anymore. I could feel my balls tightening with the pending orgasm, but just couldn't get over the edge. As if Matt could read my mind, he reached out and grabbed my cock firmly, stroking it up and down in a furious rhythm that knocked me over the edge in seconds. Jets of hot white cum spurted out all over Matt's chest. I had been so lost in my own orgasm, I didn't even realize that Matt had exploded inside me as well until he grabbed my shoulders and pulled me to him, holding me close to his chest as we both caught our breath. 

"Well fuck." He chuckled. "I don't know where that came from, but that was the hottest fucking thing I have ever seen. You should ride my cock more often!" I gave him a tired smile, totally knocked on my ass by that. "I love you." He murmured into my hair. 

"Love you more." I whispered back, tilting my head up for a slow, lazy kiss. 

I had forgotten Matt was even still inside me until he started to ease his way out. I cringed as his head popped out, but Matt's hand quickly found my ass and he gave me a little rub. It was just enough distraction to forget about how sore I was. 

Matt was laying pretty still beneath me, but aroused when I started to push off him. I grabbed a towel and poured some bottled water onto it before I began to wipe Matt's chest down. My cum was stuck in the soft curls, but he just laid there and watched me clean up our sticky mess, a look of pure adoration in his eyes. 

Once I cleaned both of us up, I pulled my boxers back on and handed Matt a pair of clean ones. When I picked up his briefs, I had noticed they were kind of damp, so I figured I'd just toss them in with my laundry later. It thrilled me to no end to know that Matt got so turned on around me that he started leaking before he was even naked. 

Once we were both in our boxers, we curled up under my comforter, our legs tangled together as we cuddled. 

"You never said what you were thinking." I realized, and we both laughed out loud. 

"You are such a distraction." He chuckled, pulling me close and kissing me deeply. "God, I can't get over how much I love you." 

I beamed up at him. "So what was your big thought?" I prodded. 

"Right." He laughed. "I was thinking that since we only have this summer before we go to different colleges, that maybe we should spend the time traveling together. My parents have a house on Nantucket with private beachfront and a pool, so we could spend the time together and no one would bother us. My family is only going to use it for Fourth of July, so it could be our own little paradise." 

"That sounds amazing." I agreed dreamily. The thought of spending every day in the sun with Matt was enough to make me hard all over again, despite the brain melting orgasm I had just had moments ago. "I love that." I told him. "Nothing but sun and sand, you by my side. I don't think summer could get any better." 

"Don't forget about all the sex we could have." He winked, setting us both off into fits of laughter all over again. "I'm serious." He finally added on. "I want to fuck you all over that house. Christen every piece of furniture, every wall, every shower. I want to fuck you til you can't remember anything else but the feeling of my cock pulsing inside you. Make sure that when you go to school, you'll know that no other guy will ever make you feel as good as I do, that no one can fuck you like I can." 

My stomach lurched in excitement, and my cock agreed. Matt clearly felt my erection pressed against him because he shifted his leg so he could get his hand on it. I sighed as he wrapped his palm around me and lazily stroked up and down. "Really, I just want to spend time with you. Just you." He told me softly. 

"Me too." 

"You're the only person who makes me happy, Jay. You make all the political shit disappear, and...I just really love you." 

I took Matt's face in my hands and pressed my lips to his gently. "I love you too. More than I could ever possibly tell you." 

He gave me a shy grin, and tightened his grip on me. "You're so hot, Jay. I can't get over it." He kissed me again, this time a little bit more roughly. 

We lay entwined for what seemed like hours, exchanging soft kisses and lazily jerking each other off in our boxers. Neither of us had it in us for round two, no matter how hard we got. We just weren't going to cross the finish line again. 

I'm not even sure when we drifted off, but I woke up to the sound of Josh's giggles and a few grunts as he crashed through the door with someone, followed by the sounds of loud kissers. I rolled back over to try to go back to sleep but then realized that I wasn't alone in the twin bed. Panic coursed through me at the the thought of exposing Matt, but then I realized it was just one person, who is obviously also messing around with guys. Our secret would be safe. 

"What the fuck, Josh? You told me he wouldn't be here!" A voice interrupted the sound of their imminent hook up. 

"I'm sure he's sleeping. It's fine." Josh mumbled quickly. "Adam, no!" He exclaimed, just as the lights flicked on. I squinted in the bright light and tried to adjust my eyes.  

Matt groaned beside me and rolled further into me. "Babe, shut the lights off." He moaned into the pillow. 

"What the fuck is going on here?" Adam exclaimed, and I watched as he kicked a chair. "You do this on purpose, Josh? Was this supposed to get me to like you more? Bring me here to this fucking faggot room so we could have a gang bang?" He kicked the chair again, and I watched as Josh winced. 

"Hey!" I shouted, jumping out of my bed and standing chest to chest with Adam. "You don't talk to him like that! This is our room. If you have a problem, you can leave." 

"Jason, it's fine." Josh said calmly, as if he was used to this kind of behavior. That just about broke my heart. "Adam, I thought he was gone. I'm sorry. There's no need to be so upset, it was a simple mistake." 

Josh put his hand on Adams chest, and it seemed to make him visibly relax. His breathing started to normalize, and he gave Josh a small smile. "Sorry. I thought you blabbed." 

"Of course not." Josh looked at me, and I got the hint. Deny, deny, deny. "Jason won't tell anyone." 

"I won't." I agreed. There were a hell of a lot of secrets trapped in this room right now, and the air felt thick with them. 

"What's going on?" Matt asked as he sat up, rubbing his eyes. "Adam? What are you doing here?" 

"What the fuck are you doing here, Humps?" Adam exclaimed, looking back and forth between the two of us. "Wait, Matt is the guy you've been seeing?" He asked me, incredulously. "How the fuck did this happen?" 

"Adam, honey, sit down and relax." Josh urged him. "Everything is fine. We can make this all work out." He took Adam's hand and led him to his bed. He seemed to have quite the calming effect on Adam, and it relieved me. Maybe Adam did really care about Josh. "Matt and Jason have been seeing each other all semester. They won't say anything about you because they're in the same boat." 

"They'd better not tell anyone." Adam grumbled. 

"Come on, man. I'm your friend. I wouldn't do that." Matt told him, biting back an angry tone. He took me in his arms and pulled me against his chest. "I would hope you would do the same for me. I love Jason, anyone who hurts him has to deal with me." He threatened. Since I'm sure he didn't mean to emasculate me, it warmed my heart to hear him rush to defend me. 

Adam gave him a blank stare, so Josh was the one to fix the situation. "Great. It's settled. No one is telling anyone." He gave me a grin, but it didn't quite reach his eyes. Adam was still glaring at me, and it made me beyond uncomfortable. Matt's grip was comforting, but not enough to negate the fact that Adam looked like he wanted to punch me in the face. 

"Great." Matt agreed, straightening out. "So why don't we go to my room, and leave you guys alone? This was all a big misunderstanding, but no one is going to talk about it. It's over, and we're done with it." He moved to grab his pants off the floor. "Come on, Jay." He ordered as he pulled his clothes back on. I shot a glance over to Josh, trying to see what his opinion was. He merely shrugged at me, so with a sigh, I turned and grabbed some clothes to pull on so we could leave. I kept waiting for Adam or Josh to say something, but they watched in silence as we got ready to exit the room. I was so uncomfortable with this situation, I just knew something was about to go down. 

Matt dragged me out of the room, and with a muttered goodbye to Josh, I reluctantly followed him. "That was creepy." I muttered as we made our way down the hall to the stairs. 

"Adams harmless." Matt told me confidently. "He would never do anything to me. He knows better. He fucks with me, he loses playing time. He'd be an idiot to do anything." 
