 In all my years of friendship with Josh, he had always told me how wonderful it felt to wake up wrapped in a guy's arms after a night of passion. I had always scoffed at him and changed the subject, because the thought of a hard body against me instead of the soft curves of a gorgeous girl made me laugh. But now here I am, wrapped up in Matt's arms in the plush hotel bed he had just fucked me in, and it was the most amazing thing I had ever felt. He was all muscle, the firm ridges pressing against me in all the right places. His chest hair tickled my back with each breath he took. His hand laid comfortably on my hip, pressing me to him. It was comfortable. It felt like love. I had never been held so tenderly before.

And then...there was his cock, nestled between my ass cheeks. He was semi-hard, and absolutely unaware of how his morning wood was turning me on while he slept so comfortably. I was still sore, but in that delicious way that reminded me how we had connected so intimately last night. Memories of his hard body pressed against mine, the sound of skin slapping skin, the look of pure ecstasy on his face when he entered me for the first time, and the way it felt when he made me explode in an orgasm so intense I saw stars, flooded my mind in a rush. I was instantly hard again, and buried my face in the pillow, biting back my frustration.

"You okay, Jay?" I heard Matt mumble behind me. He sounded so sleepy, it was adorable. I'm sure the exertion of the evening before had wiped him out. We had barely slept for more than 5 hours.

"Yeah, sorry. I didn't mean to wake you up." I told him, keeping my body turned away from him. I didn't want him to see my erection and feel like he had to take care of it. Knowing Matt, he would have it in his mouth, blowing me until I came all over him in an instant. He was always a little extra frisky in the morning. The thrill of a quickie before we had to separate seemed to get him going, but I wanted more than that. I wanted a little more give and take with the two of us, but in all honesty, I just didn't know what to do all the time. I worried my tricks were boring and he would get sick of me.

"It's okay." He murmured, kissing the back of my neck so softly I barely felt it. His hand on my waist slid further down to my stomach and he pulled me closer to him before pushing a leg between mine. His hand slid up to my chest and I let out a sigh as it brushed over a nipple. "How are you feeling?" He asked as his lips moved over my neck to my shoulder. He was hard and pressed against the seam of my ass, seeming to fit perfectly in the space as he began to rock his hips back and forth against me. Every time his head brushed against my hole, a spark of pleasure shot through me and I was reminded how great it felt when he was inside me.

"Really good." I told him, turning my head so I could see him.

"You're not sore?"

"A little bit." I confessed. "But I'm okay."

"Good." He told me, kissing my mouth softly before shifting his attention back to my body. He rolled me over until I was on my back and he could crawl over me. His hard cock brushed against my own weeping member, and he let out a sultry moan as he shifted slightly. "Fuck! I can't get enough of you." He told me before he leaned down and kissed me hard on the mouth. Nothing soft and sweet this time--it was all teeth clashing and passion this time around.

Matt slid his hand between us and wrapped a large hand around both of our shafts, stroking us both together. He began to pump furiously, using our own juices as lube. I could already feel my balls starting to rise and that familiar feeling in the pit of my stomach. "Oh my god." I moaned out as my eyes rolled back in my head. Matt was on a mission, one that involved us getting off as quickly as possible.

He shifted slightly, providing a better angle for himself. He tightened his grip before he leaned down and bit one of my nipples, forcing a loud moan out of me. We had never been so quick and to the point, but it was doing something amazing to my body. This wasn't some tender moment. This was lust, passion, urgency. It was a major turn on. "You like that, babe?" He asked against my chest, licking the sensitive nub.

"Fuck, yes." I moaned out. He twisted his hand slightly around our cocks, making his head rub against the spot under my own head. I was so hard I was practically seeing stars. I needed to cum.

"I love seeing you like this." He continued. "All writhing in pleasure, desperate to get there." He let go of his own cock and just focused on mine, gripping it hard until I moaned out from the sheer force of his strokes. "You're mine, baby. No one else gets to see you like this." He kissed me deeply, but I was too lost in my pending orgasm to focus. It was messy, rough. "Fuck, you're so hot like this. Tell me what you want."

"Matt, I need to cum." I moaned out. "Please, baby." He tightened his grip again, and I yelped.

"Yeah? You wanna cum?" He moved over to my ear, kissing and nibbling on the sensitive skin.

"Yes! Matt, please!" I wasn't ashamed of my begging. I needed it bad.

He began to pump furiously, bringing me right to the edge. I was barely going to last seconds. "Cum for me, Jason." He ordered, and I was a goner. Stream after stream of cum shot out of me, all over both of our chests. I had been so lost in my own pleasure, I hardly registered that Matt let out a growl of his own as he shot his load all over my chest.

"Fuck." I panted on the bed beneath him. "Where did that come from?" I let out a breathy laugh.

"I have no idea." He chuckled. "You seemed to like it though." He grinned.

"Fuck yeah I did." I laughed. "I thought you were hot before, but throw in a little control? I don't think I have ever cum so hard in my life."

He just grinned and leaned down to give me a soft kiss. "Are you really feeling okay?" The concern in his eyes touched me deeply, and I felt the all too familiar butterflies in my gut that usually appeared whenever Matt was near. "There's really no pain?"

"I promise." I told him, rolling over onto my side so I could face him. The shades were still drawn so it was hard to get a sense for what time it was, but a quick glance at the clock showed me we still had a couple of hours before we had to check out. "It was actually amazing. I loved everything about it."

"I'm glad." He told me, wrapping me in his arms. "To be honest, I had never imagined this all going down like this. It was a pleasant surprise."

"Really? What did you expect?" I had to admit, I was curious. Matt had been dreaming of me for years. Surely there was a fantasy or two in there somewhere. I had always wanted to know, but worried that if I asked him, it would open doors I wasn't ready to walk through yet. Now that I had given myself to him, it didn't seem like there was much to be shy about anymore.

"Well, I always imagined that you'd have to top me. It'd be easier for you, you know? A little more control for you. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself though, because I was truly worried for a while." He gave me a sheepish grin. He still had the colored contacts in, and it was a little weird. The wig had long since fallen somewhere on the floor, tossed aside at some point in the passion of the night. "As long as you were happy, that's all that matters."

"I cant picture you being anything but the dominant one." I confessed. "You're just so big and have such a commanding presence. I belong in the shadows."

He let out a laugh. "Okay, you're ridiculous. The last place you belong is in the shadows. And there's nothing commanding about me. For crying out loud, I'm afraid of my own father."

"You're not afraid of him. You just don't want to disappoint him. That's totally normal. Even more so around here. Besides, I totally get it, and it's just not a problem for me anymore. If it means that I get to keep you, I will stay hidden as long as you want."

"Thanks." He grinned, giving me a quick kiss. "I can't believe Adam was there last night. He's such a ladies man."

"Naw. Every time he says he's with a girl, he's actually been with a guy."

"What?! No way!" Matt laughed. "He gets more action than anyone I know."

"Yeah, with Josh." I told him. "They've been hooking up for months. But no one knows that so don't tell anyone."

"I won't." He promised. "I still can't believe it though. What's weird to me is that he would go to a club in the middle of DC. It's a pretty ballsy move. His father would shit a Honda if he knew about that."

"Especially since he won't admit to having anything to do with Josh." I sighed. "It's just a messed up situation. I'm impressed he didn't recognize you though. I guess that wig did some wonders."

"You think it looks better?" He asked, sitting up and stretching. "Curly hair, green eyes? And the glasses? I looked like a floppy dork."

"No you didn't." I laughed. "It was awesome. I mean, I far prefer your normal look, but if the wig allowed for you to actually hang out with me and act like you normally would in public, I'm okay with it."

"I guess." He shrugged. "So how did you manage to swing all of this anyway? This is a pretty nice place, not exactly the type of place that allows teenagers to rent rooms."

"My dad helped. He rented the room and let me borrow his car. He was driving Kyle around last night anyway. I jus have to return it to him before we go back o school."

"He was with Kyle again?"

"Ummm, it's kind of his job." I pointed out. "Hard to be head of security without being near the person being secured."

"They don't seem freakishly close to you? I mean, they always act like they have a secret."

"You're one to talk." I huffed. "You have more secrets than anyone else I know."

"That's not true."

"Please. You're looking at the biggest one of them." I told him. He had the decency to look ashamed and looked down at the sheet covering his lap. "There's nothing going on between the two of them. That'd be weird, and...no. It's not happening."

"I don't want to argue with you over it. It was just a thought. I'm sorry if I upset you."

"It's fine. You just don't know them like I do. They've always been like that. My father looks at Kyle like a kid, and he's far more professional than that."

"Okay, I'm sorry." He raised his hands defensively. "I just thought that maybe they were involved. They just seem really close to me. And your dad is so cool with everything. It seemed sort of suspect to me. But I really am sorry I upset you. I won't mention it again."

"Thank you." I muttered. "I'm going to shower." I climbed out of the bed and ignored Matt's protests as I walked into the bathroom and shut the door behind me.

This was so typical of Matt. Every time we had a great moment, he had to ruin it, either with talks of his father, or now this, with my father. Some sort of reminder that I was a secret and would never be more than that. I thought we had finally crossed a line last night. Hadn't I proven that I care about him yet? I angrily scrubbed down, annoyed at the soreness in my muscles. We had a beautiful night, and now it was all over. And for what? Accusations and nonsense. Why did he feel the need to bring everyone else down with us? I had to think that it was enough that the two of us were trapped in secrets and lies, but now he thinks everyone else is too? My father was nothing like his.

By the time I got out of the shower, I was more annoyed than ever. I really thought that sleeping with Matt would have been enough for him, enough of a sign that I was in this. So why did I feel like I was the only one involved now? Why am I the only one trying? He tells me he loves me, but does he? Or did he just want to get in my pants? Now that he had, was he just going to continue to annoy me until I got sick of it? Ugh.

I wrapped a towel around my waist and stared in the mirror. I had a few love bits scattered over my chest and shoulders, leftover from last night's activities. My skin flushed as I thought about what we had done. It really was an amazing night with an amazing guy I was falling hard for. With a sigh, I realized just how ridiculous I was being. Matt was a lot of things, but vicious was not one of them. Who cares if he thought Kyle and my father were close? They are. I can certainly see how it could be misconstrued as anything but what it actually is. It wasn't exactly fair that I was so hard on Matt. He was always so nice to me, and he was completely honest about his need to stay quiet about me. It just stung a bit, even after all this time. I didn't have some great need to be out and open, but I had been raised to be proud of who I am. My father had given me his blessing to be whatever I wanted, be with whoever I wanted, and that was all I needed.

Even though I felt a little better about what Matt had said, I still felt like I needed to delay getting back out there. I always backed down first and it was annoying. This relationship was 100% designed to suit Matt's needs, and even when I went out of my way to do something nice for him, it wasn't enough. I'm not really sure what else I wanted, and couldn't even get started on what he was expecting. I sighed at my reflection again before picking up my razor and shaving cream. I gave my face a quick shave before getting started on my arms, legs, and chest. I would be more than happy when swim season was over and I could take a break from the manscaping. I hadn't heard from the Yale swim team yet regarding a position on their team, but I wasn't too stressed about it. I had also considered going out for crew if swimming didn't work out. Or maybe I would just relax and enjoy college for what it could be. There was no need to go totally nuts over anything at this point in time. By the time I finished, I had been in the bathroom for quite some time. When I dared to enter the room again, I found Matt sitting on the side of the bed staring at his feet. He had pulled his boxers on, but that was it.

He looked up as I retreated from the bathroom, his face filled with an emotion I couldn't identify. "Jay, I..." He started, but was interrupted by my dad's ringtone blaring out from my phone. He sighed but waved it off. "Go ahead." He told me. I took the permission he granted and rummaged through my pants on the floor, finding my phone shoved deep in one of the pockets from where I had stowed it the night before.

"Hey, Dad." I greeted him as I answered his call. "What's up?"

"Oh, good. You're up." He returned, all business. "Look, I know it's early, but I'm pretty close to your hotel. Is it okay if I just come get the keys from you? No point in you going across town if you don't have to, and you're so close to the train here. It'd be easier for you to get back to school than from home."

"I guess." I agreed. "I can run the keys down to you." I know my dad was cool about Matt, but I didn't think he needed to come see our clothes all over the floor, or any other evidence that we got it on last night. There are some things I just didn't need to share with my father, regardless of how cool he could be.

"Really? That'd be great. Thanks."

"No problem." I returned as I started to pull my clothes out of my bag. I had packed a spare set for myself, and had snuck a set of clothes for Matt in there as well. I cradled the phone to my ear as I pulled his clothes out and piled them on the bed. "How far away are you?" I asked, now shoving all our dirty clothes in the bag. I glanced over at Matt, who watched on in silence. His face was unreadable.

"A couple minutes. I'll meet you in the lobby." He told me.

"Great, see you soon." I hung up. "I'll be back in a few." I told Matt. "I just have to give my dad the car keys." He only nodded before he stood and headed to the bathroom, slamming the door behind him. I tried not to wince at the sound, but it stung. He had nothing to be mad about. I was the one who put myself out there for him, and he was the one accusing my father of hiding things. I sighed in frustration, but brushed it off and grabbed the car keys and room card before I headed down stairs.

I found my father standing in the lobby, holding a tray of coffees. "Hey." He greeted. "I brought you guys some coffee. Thanks for meeting me so early."

"No problem." I told him as we traded things. "Thanks for helping with the room and the car."

"My pleasure, son." He smiled. "Did you boys have a nice night?"

"It was great." I told him. No need to mention that the morning was not so great.

"Good, I'm glad."

"Are you sleeping with Kyle, Dad?" I blurted out. I didn't mean to, it just kind of popped out. I was instantly ashamed of myself and could feel my cheeks flushing from the embarrassment of asking my own father such a personal question.

He gave me an alarmed look, but it quickly shifted to amusement. "What?"

"Are you and Kyle have a secret affair?" I repeated. "Don't lie to me."

"Of course not, Jason. Where on earth did you come up with that from?"

"You have to admit you guys are freakishly close. Closer than boss and employee should be." I was using Matt's words against my father, but I had to know if he was right. Maybe my frustration with him was unjust.

My father glanced around the lobby before he took my arm and pulled me to a set of chairs off the side of the lobby. "No, we are not involved." He told me. "He's my boss, Jason, and definitely way too young for me."

"But you were so cool with me and Matt. I thought maybe it was because you were like us too."

"No, I'm not gay, Jason." He chuckled. "Not that there's anything wrong with it. I am proud of you no matter who you choose to be with."

"I don't know if I'm gay either. I just really like Matt." I told him. "I haven't thought about anyone else that way."

"It's fine, I'm not criticizing you." He said, using his gentle tone that he employed when he had bad news. "But I guess I shouldn't hide the fact I am seeing someone from you anymore."

Well...this was unexpected news. "What? Who?!"

"Her name is Marissa, and she is the most wonderful thing that has happened to me in a long time. I just didn't want to force it on you until you were ready for it. You're the most important person in my life, Jason, so I wanted to make sure it was a long term thing before I introduced the two of you. She's been dying to meet you, though."

"That's...great." I told him. "I'm truly happy for you. You deserve to be happy."

"Thanks, son." He grinned. "As for Kyle." He lowered his voice. "He is seeing someone in secret too. He has a lot of things in the works right now, a lot of things I can't tell you. But what I can tell you, is that he is seeing another man."

"What?!" I screeched, but immediately calmed down. "So Matt wasn't entirely wrong."

My father looked confused for a second, but quickly shook it off. "Either way, it's a secret for obvious reasons, so do not just go around talking about it to everyone you know. It is a big part of what he is getting involved in, and will heavily affect your life."

"Well, that sounds scary." I told him.

"It'll be fine, I promise." He glanced at his watch. "I have to get going, but I promise everything will work out great." He told me as he stood. "Can we do dinner this week?"

"Friday works." I told him absentmindedly, trying to make sense of what had just happened. He had given me a lot to process in a very short amount of time.

"Great. I'll be in touch. Enjoy the rest of your weekend, son." He told me, tossing his empty coffee cup in the trash and heading out of the lobby quickly.

My visits with my father were often quick encounters, but this was by far one of the quickest. Especially considering the amount of info he just divulged. It was like an emotional hit and run.

With a grin, I headed over to the elevator to get back to Matt. We had quite a few things to talk about. The aroma from the coffee taunted me as I rode to our floor. I was itching to get into it. The exhaustion from a long night combined with not enough sleep for a teenage boy had worn me out, and I needed to get some more rest.
