 I'm a woman so you should be aware that this isn't my story at all, but a truly wonderful love story about two men it is my pleasure to call my friends.

I first met Larry when the university called me in to interview for a clerical position. He was the office manager who made me feel welcome with his warm and cheery smile. The interview process took over two weeks to complete because it required a second and then a third interview, but eventually I was hired.

My first day into the job left me wondering if this was really the place I wanted to work. The co-worker in charge of my training was in her mid-fifties and definitely headstrong in her misconceptions of what was right or wrong. About halfway through my first day she asked me how I liked it so far and I told her that is seemed pretty clear cut; personally there really wasn't anything to the job actually and I felt that I was going to be bored out of my mind.

Alice looked quickly around her cubicle at the office manager's desk; it was empty at the moment since Larry had gone to lunch. "You know he's gay don't you?" she asked. When I looked at her like she had just grown an arm out of her forehead, she proceeded as if I didn't understand her. "You know, he's one of those."

Yes, I knew exactly what she meant. "One of those, oh you mean one of those people who has found love?" I replied. I didn't care for discrimination in any form. "Listen Alice, one: it's none of my business, two: it's none of yours and three: I don't care for gossip in any form." Needless to say, I had just made an enemy.

When Larry came back from lunch, I carried a file folder over to his desk, quietly laid it on his desk and bent over like I was asking him a question.

"Larry," I said very softly so that no one could hear me, "I need to speak with you right now, privately or I'm quitting and walking out the front door."

Larry seemed to be in a bit of shock, but he said sure and got up from his desk. We headed into the conference room and shut the door.

"What's wrong Tammy?" he inquired as he took a seat.

I sat at the table across from him. "I'm angry and upset. I don't care for Alice and her back stabbing has turned me off to working here."

"What did she do?" he inquired and leaned forward all attention.

"She made sure to tell me, while you were out to lunch, that you 'were one of those'," I said.

Larry seemed taken back at this revelation and I could tell just a bit guarded.

"Larry, it doesn't matter to me if you're gay or not. I like a person for who they are; not what they are. If you've found love, then you've done better than me."

Larry physically relaxed. He understood that I wasn't upset about him, but about Alice's 'training' procedure.

"I'd really like you to stay Tammy. I know she's a handful, but she does know her stuff," he said trying to calm me down.

"Larry, do you really think she's going to train me properly now since I put her in her place?" He smiled at me warmly.

"I've made an enemy and I know it. I don't care to work with her at all. I think it's best if I move on and find another position. I just wanted to let you know that it didn't have anything to do with you personally; just her." I said looking into his sad eyes.

He looked down at the table and then up again, "Let me make a phone call before you walk. I don't think we can afford to loose someone of your caliber."

"How long will this take?" I inquired.

"Give me two hours; that's all I ask," said Larry. 

I nodded my consent and we left the conference room. Well, Larry made a phone call and I proceeded to work at my desk. In about an hour, he came over carry a folder and quietly bent over to talk with me, "Follow me to the conference room," was all he said.

I followed Larry and there was another man in the room waiting for us. 

"Tammy this is Tim Bradley, he's the chair of the Language Arts Department," said Larry but his smile at Tim said it all.

I smiled in return and offered my hand, "Hi Tim, It's very nice to meet you. So how long have you been in your relationship?" I asked.

Yup, I floored him. Figured I wasn't staying anyway so why bother with all the intrigue games others liked to play.

After he got over his initial shock, his smile turned to a chuckle, "How did you know?"

"Because I saw the love in Larry's eyes when he introduced you; love and pride," I answered. Larry blushed of course, but took a seat at the table. Tim sat next to him and I sat across from both of them.

Tim looked at me for a moment before saying, "Larry called me because there's a position for an Administrative Assistant open in my office. Since you've only been here a day, it should be no problem reassigning you through Human Resources if you're interested."

I smiled warmly at both of them, "I can't think of anything I'd like more."

Well, needless to say that Alice was glad to get rid of me, but Tim was glad that I was going to work for them. We all became very good friends.

* * * * *

I had started writing a book and asked Larry if I could talk with him and Tim regarding their personal life. I always preferred to research my topic before plunging in and drowning later. We arranged tea for Saturday afternoon.

I'd been to their home many times, but never in a professional capacity. Larry, as always, served a wonderful tea and then I got out my notebook.

"First of all," I said, "let me put you two at ease. No real names will be used. I was wondering if you two would tell me how you met and came to know each another."

They both smiled and looked at each other with so much love; it was Tim, just as open as me, who spoke primarily, but Larry added to the conversation as well.

==============================================

I started here as an assistant professor in the Language Arts Department, but back then being gay was bad. We literally closeted ourselves away in order to keep our jobs. 

The university hired Larry as part of the clerical staff in our office so we pretty well started working together, but never really talked a lot to each other.

I would look at Larry once in awhile; his lean muscular body and tight ass would always make me excited. I wondered if he was straight or not, but was too leery to approach him. Once in awhile I caught Larry looking at me too, but again, we never said anything to each other.

I was assigned a major project by my department chair and was instructed to use the office staff to help complete it for presentation in a month's time. I approached Larry toward the end of the day and asked if he could use some overtime to help me complete a project for the department; he smiled at me energetically and said he'd be happy to help.

I smiled and asked if he could meet me here the next day, being Saturday, and we would probably work all day like a normal work day. I was excited that Larry had said yes.

I arrived at the building Saturday morning and Larry was waiting outside; I had the keys to unlock it. We worked hard all Saturday and actually got a major portion of the work done before we left for the day.

My office was quite small and no windows; normal when you're just an assistant. I never noticed that it was after 5 pm until my stomach rumbled. I looked at the clock, "Larry, you should have told me it was this late."

"I didn't want to interrupt the flow of work Tim," said Larry. "We were nearly done with this section."

I smiled sheepishly and, not thinking, laid my hand on top of his. I felt sparks of excitement and then realizing what I had done, pulled it away quickly. I looked at Larry, but he seemed sort of disappointed that I had pulled away. "Let's go to dinner. It's the least I can do since I kept you so late."

"Ah, sure," said Larry, "but if you'd like to come over to my place, I have a great meal that won't take long to reheat."

My heart started beating faster; was he asking me because he was interested or just being nice. "That sounds fine to me. Let's shut everything off and lock up."

Since Larry had walked to work, I offered to drive us to his apartment. When we arrived, I first noticed how nice and organized it was. He gave me the 'quick' tour and then busied himself in the kitchen. I excused myself to use the bathroom and returned shortly to the smell of a delicious meal in progress.

Larry had poured us both wine and I sat at the counter watching him bustle around the kitchen. He eventually had everything simmering and came over to sit next to me at the counter. We chatted about different things and wound down to our lives in general; how we both managed to end up at the university.

Larry looked down and then back into my eyes, "I was asked to leave my other position when they found out I was gay." My heart actually skipped a beat. I knew Larry was taking a big chance in telling me this, but was also hoping that he was confiding in me because he was also interested.

I decided to take a big leap myself then. I placed my glass of wine on the counter, cupped Larry's face in my hand and leaned in to kiss him lightly on the lips. When I leaned back, Larry was smiling with delight too. 

"I'm happy you are." Nothing was outright said, but I knew that I would be spending the night. "So, when's dinner going to be done?"

We had a pleasant and delicious meal and then I helped Larry with the dishes and clean-up. He was finishing at the sink and I wrapped my arms around his waist and kissed the side of his neck. He leaned back into me and was quite certain he could feel my hard cock pressing against him.

Larry turned around and leaned in to kiss me. It was a deep passionate kiss full of longing and desire. I don't know how long we kissed; both trying to slake our need for closeness long denied. When we broke the kiss, we just smiled and hug each other. No words were spoken as we shut off the lights and went into the bedroom.

Larry pulled down the covers on the bed and I began to undress. When I was naked, I turned to face Larry who had also undressed. Our cocks were both hard with excitement and anticipation. We walked toward each other and began to kiss and feel each others' bodies; our cocks pressed together and touching; rubbing.

When we broke our embrace this time, I went to lie in the bed. Larry went to the dresser and brought out a box of condoms and KY jelly; I smiled. We placed them on the headboard and then began exploring each other's body. Larry straddled my chest and I felt his lips and then his mouth cover my throbbing cock.

I slid my hands up feeling his thighs first, hips and then his firm ass. I brought his cock to my own eager mouth and swirled my tongue over his thick head tasting a bit of pre-cum. I then sucked him down into my mouth, heard him moan and he began to suck on me harder while massaging my balls. I knew we weren't going to last much longer; our excitement was feeding our lust.

When I started to massage Larry's balls, he started to piston in and out of my mouth harder and faster. I was doing the same to Larry's mouth; needing release that had been pent up for so long. I felt my balls tighten against me and knew I was going to shoot my load. I felt Larry's balls tighten also and then he came with a low moan; I came shortly after.

Larry curled up next to me and we both kissed again; tasting cum in each other's mouth; that started to get me excited again. I straddled Larry this time rubbing our cocks together while I bent down to deeply kiss his mouth. Our tongues fought and swirled to taste and probe. I kissed his neck, shoulder and then flicked my tongue across his nipple. 

I found that Larry had very sensitive nipples so I played at bit; teasing him and sucking on them. By then both of our cocks were rock hard again.

Larry handed me a condom, "Please make love to me," he said with so much yearning in his eyes.

I nodded and put the condom on and accepted the KY. I scooted down in the bed and Larry rolled over and got on his hands and knees. I squirted a liberal amount of KY on my finger and slid it into his ass; lubricating, rimming and stretching.

Larry was moaning and pushing back on my finger. I withdrew it and applied more KY to two fingers this time and slid them in to find his "sweet spot." I started to massage it and Larry was moaning louder and breathing harder. I removed my fingers and applied some KY to the condom and then eased my gland into Larry's ass stretching him further than my two fingers. He moaned and sucked in air.

I rubbed my hand over his ass cheek, "Larry; are you okay?"

"Fine; it just feels so wonderful Tim. Please give me all of it," and he moved his ass back. I slowly filled him with my cock; he felt so hot and tight around my cock. 

I slowly started to piston in and out of his ass and Larry started to masturbate. He felt so incredibly hot and tight; I knew that I wasn't going to last like I had hoped for. I grabbed his hips and started to fuck him harder and faster. "Larry; going to cum! Oh God!!! Cumming!!!!" I yelled while to plunging into his ass.

Larry was close so I kept fucking; it felt so good anyway. He soon blasted his load onto his chest and we both laid down panting to get our breath. I could feel my cock shriveling up, but yet I didn't really want to pull out. 

"Why don't we get cleaned up before we rest Larry," I said as I hugged him next to my body. It's like we didn't really want to loose our close physical contact we each other.

We both got up and went to take a shower together. The hot water was calming; yet invigorating as well. We enjoyed washing each other's body; playing with and washing the other's cock. It wasn't too long that we were both hard again.

I hugged Larry to me and kissed him deeply. I drew away slightly and looked into his eyes. "Larry; take me now," and turned around a presented my ass to him. He soaped up his cock quickly and slid it into me. It felt so wonderful feeling it slide in and out; feeling it rub against my prostrate.

Larry grabbed my hips and started banging me hard while I masturbated my own rock hard cock. He kept screaming, "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" and I was moaning; coming so very close. I felt his cum shoot hot into my bowels and then I released my own load onto the shower floor.

We finished cleaning up; went to bed and snuggled together. It was so wonderful for both of us to be curled up next to each other. I couldn't get enough of Larry's body and he couldn't get enough of mine. We were honeymooners.

Now, back then, we had to keep separate apartments until being gay was more or less accepted. We've been together 17 years now and we still love each other as if it were the first day. I think we are truly soul mates and have been blessed to find each other.