 "Why don't you take some time to think about it?"

"No, Dad. I just want to get the hell out of here." I demanded, letting my head fall back against the door. I should have known this wouldn't go over well with my father. He'd want to know reasons and I didn't want to fess up to why I was practically a sobbing mess on my dorm room floor. It was taking everything in me to hold it together through this conversation, and I was pretty sure that once the tears started they wouldn't stop.

My father was silent for a moment. I hated when he did that. He was choosing his words wisely, probably hoping he wouldn't upset me farther. "Jay, you sound upset. Did something happen with Matt?"

"I don't want to talk about it." I winced at the sound of my voice cracking. "I just don't want to be here anymore. Can I leave this weekend?"

"Graduation isn't until next week though."

"I don't want to go to graduation. I just want to get out of here." I snapped.

The silence on the other end of the line was deafening. "You know, Jason." My father started, his tone level and frighteningly calm. "I would love to let you run away from whatever problem you're having and go gallivanting around Italy with your mother, but it won't help anything. You have worked far too hard, and Kyle has invested way too much in your education for you to just walk away at the last minute. Don't you have to give a valedictorian speech anyway? Were you planning on bailing from that too?"

"I won't be valedictorian anymore, Dad."

"Why not?"

"I walked out of an exam earlier today." I told him.

"You did what?" He barked. I guess I had finally crossed the line. "What is wrong with you?"

"I don't want to talk about it."

"I don't care what you want. You will give me an explanation right now, Jason." His tone was dark and honestly, kind of scary.

"I just didn't want to be in there any longer. I couldn't be."

"Why not?"

"I just couldn't!" I explained. There was no way I was going to tell him about the video. He'd be furious with me. He had told me to be more careful. Everyone had. I didn't listen, and now I lost my best friend, my boyfriend, my grades, and I was clearly losing my father's trust as well. "You don't understand, okay? I just couldn't be in there any longer."

He sighed. "I'm coming to get you, and we are going to sit down and talk about this, understood?"

"I don't want to go anywhere." I whined. "I just want to go to bed."

"It's 4 in the afternoon. I don't care what you want. I'm coming to get you, and we will get dinner and talk about whatever is going on in your life that is so terrible you feel like running away to Italy to be with the woman who abandoned you is the solution. I know you, Jason, and clearly you are hiding something. So it's time for you to pull yourself together, and we will discuss this later."

There was clearly no escaping his wrath, so I figured it was easier to just accept it. "Understood." I mumbled.

"Good. Be ready at 5."

"Okay." I reluctantly agreed. We hung up, and I had a little under an hour to pull it together and be ready to face him. I was doomed. I had never been good at hiding things from him, so I'm sure this would be no different. It would probably be easier to just tell him so that he didn't have to interrogate me in a public place. I'm already heartbroken, I don't need to add embarrassed to the mix.

After changing into jeans and a clean shirt, I picked up my bag and started to clean it out. There was no point in being distressed about the exam now. I was so mad at myself for blowing it, but at the same time, I know I had no other choice. I couldn't sit in that room with everyone staring at me. That video single handedly ruined my high school career. Who knows who else had seen it. Could it be on the internet elsewhere? I find it hard to believe that Adam would stoop to that level, but really? He had already done enough damage. What was to stop him from going any further than he did?

The thing that bothered me the most was that I had literally done nothing wrong when it came to Adam. So I turned down his advances. So what? People get rejected all the time. That doesn't mean that you go around and ruin people's lives over it! It was unnecessary, especially since he had Josh anyway. Josh was way more of a catch than I was, and Josh was into him. Way into him. He had no need for me. The only thing I can think of is that he was pissed that I said no and he saw it as a challenge to do whatever it took to get me. One thing was for sure, though, and that was that there is no way I would ever do anything with him now. Not after he destroyed everything that was going well for me.

I glanced at the clock and realized it was time to meet my father, so I grabbed my wallet and keys and made my way downstairs. Luckily, there was no one in the upstairs hallway, and I was able to escape my floor unscathed. My luck ran out, though, when I got to the bottom of the stairs and was crossing the foyer to the door. Just as I was about to open it, it opened towards me, nearly knocking me over.

"Sorry!" Someone exclaimed. I didn't even have to look up to know it was Matt, yet there was no way I could stop my eyes from shifting up to his face when I heard his voice. "Oh." He mumbled. I didn't give him a chance to say anything before I moved past him in the doorway. "Jay." He started to call after me, but I kept my chin up and kept going, putting as much distance between us as possible. Once I reached the gate where my dad usually picked me up, I felt like I could breathe again. Seeing Matt so soon definitely messed with my heart, and my head. He had looked so sullen, which just pissed me off because he had no right to look upset. He is the one who threw me out of his room, and he is the one who chose to believe Adam over me. Why were they even alone together in the first place? He knew Adam had been hitting on me, and he knew that it was stressful. It didn't make any sense that he would all of a sudden believe Adam instead of me. The fact that he thought I would ever betray him and show people we were hooking up was so out of character, it hurt that he had such a massive change in heart. What happened to the kind man who told me he loved me and wanted to be with me?

"Jay?" I cringed as his voice interrupted my thoughts. Damn it. Of all the times for my father to be late, he had to choose right now. "Where are you going?" I honestly didn't trust my own voice, so I stood my ground and continued to stare straight ahead, willing my dad to show up now that I needed him. "Jason, come on. Talk to me." He urged, putting his hand on my shoulder.

I fought off every instinct to melt into him and jumped away. "Go away, Matt." I told him, wishing my voice had sounded slightly more authoritative.

"Jay, let me explain what happened." He continued, reaching for me again.

"No!" I snapped. "You are the last person on earth I want to talk to right now, so leave me the fuck alone."

"Baby...." He started.

"I'm not your baby." I snapped. "If I was, you never would have pulled that shit in there. You made your point. We're done. Have a nice life with Adam."

"It's not what you think." He told me, but thankfully stayed a few feet away. I don't think I could survive another minute of him being so close when I was so mad at him. All I wanted was for him to hug me and tell me that it would be fine, that we would face this mess together, but I already knew that wouldn't happen. I was on my own on this one, because Matt had hung me out to dry. "There are some things that I need to tell you."

I turned to face him head on. I felt a lurch in my gut when I saw that he actually did look kind of forlorn, but at the same time, it hardened me to see that he was standing in front of me as if he didn't just completely bail on me and take Adam's word over mine. "I don't think so, Matt." I told him. "I really don't want to talk to you right now. You had your chance to listen to what I had to say, and you tossed me aside like it didn't matter. You weren't the one who was humiliated today, and you certainly didn't back me up when I was freaking out. In fact, you made it worse, and you chose to believe Adam over me. So, no, Matt, I don't care what you have to say."

"Jason."

"Stop!" I yelled. "Just an hour ago you were shoving me out of your room because you thought I would actually out you to everyone. Seriously? Why would I do that to you? How could you think I would ever consider that? I waited this long for you to be ready, so why would I throw it away when the end is in sight? You are so focused on the fact that Adam had a video of you, but guess what? There were TWO people in that video, and there were far worse things that went on today than just that one thing, which by the way, did not actually get released to the entire school. You took everything he presented to you without even considering that I was part of it too. Maybe I was wrong about you and you are just a giant, selfish jerk. So you can just stay the hell away from me."

Matt opened his mouth to say something, but closed it before he let anything out, a fact I was extremely happy for. I don't think I could have held it together any longer if he had tried to fight with me more. I was already surprised with myself for not cracking under this pressure and crying like a little baby. I have never been so happy to see my father's car pull up, and without another word, walked away from Matt and climbed in. It took everything in me not to look back at him as we drove away, but I somehow managed it. I didn't want a single thing to hold me back anymore. I had spent months hopelessly devoted to making Matt happy and following his rules, and it was time to take a stand on my own. If he didn't want to back me up, I would have to back myself up.

My father was patient with me as I told him the events of the day, deciding it was easier to just tell him the way it happened rather than altering facts so that it didn't seem so bad. The truth is, it was a pretty bad day. There were a lot of things that were working against me, and as I replayed the events, I realized just how detrimental everything was. I would have to figure out my exam, still take more, and probably face some serious repercussions for getting caught having sex in public places on campus. After talking things through with my father, we established a game plan for me to go to the headmaster tomorrow and talk about what happened, taking a proactive stance. We figured that would be my best chance for getting out as unscathed as possible.

As for Matt and Josh, my father had no words of wisdom for me. Josh never stayed mad at me for more than a few hours, but the fact that he moved out without telling me was heartbreaking, even more so than Matt being mad at me. Relationships may come and go, but best friends—those are the people you really need. Unfortunately, both had blown up pretty badly for me at this point.

By the time my father dropped me off again, I felt much better about things. I had a game plan, and I was a little less hurt by all the stuff that had happened with Matt. It helped to have an uninvolved, objective third-party hear things out and tell me their opinions. My father had made it clear he would be supportive, no matter what happened. However, he was dead set on the fact that I had to go to graduation for some closure before I could start my summer. He had pretty much told me that running away to Italy was a terrible idea, but if I still felt that way after I finished school, he would help me make it happen.

I managed to make it across campus without being noticed again, but I was still relieved when I finally made it to my room. Shutting the door behind me was even more of a relief, until I flipped on the light and found Matt sitting on my bed, staring up at me with those damn puppy dog eyes I found so irresistible. "What are you doing here?" I sighed as I set my stuff on my desk. "I told you I don't want to talk to you."

"If you don't talk to me, I can't explain to you what happened, and you'll stay mad at me forever." He answered. The calmness in his voice irritated me. How can he be so relaxed when he literally just turned my word upside down? I stared at him, unable to find any words that I could use to retaliate against that statement. Of course I was mad at him! How could he honestly think that I wasn't going to be mad at him? "I didn't do anything with Adam." He finally broke the tense silence between us. "And I know you didn't send that email." He added.

"You do?" I asked, unable to control the squeak in my voice.

"Of course I do." He returned, pushing himself off the bed and coming towards me. "Jay, you really think that I would do that to you? I was trying to keep Adam from making things worse."

I stared down at my hand, where he had taken it in both of his. His giant hands looked like paws wrapped around my slender fingers, and I couldn't help but smile at it. "I don't understand why you would do that though. If you knew it was a lie, why would you let him treat me like that? You shoved me out of your room and told me you never wanted to talk to me again. No part of that is okay, no matter what the excuse is."

"I really was trying to protect you." He told me, the sad tone back in his voice. "I didn't really think about how it would effect you. I kind of figured it would be enough to make Adam think we were done, and he would leave you alone."

"Yeah, too bad he outed me to the entire school during my exam today. He was kind enough to block you, though, so you don't have to worry about your precious reputation."

"What are you talking about? I know that video only went to me. I saw the email. He was just messing with us."

I shook my head. "There was a different video that went up while I was in my exam. It froze the whole system and everyone got to watch me perform various things with you. But don't worry, Adam had the decency to cover your face so no one knows it was you." I pulled away from him and moved over to my bed. "You chose to back yourself up. You can say whatever you want about wanting to protect me, but you had your own interests in mind, just like you always do. I have spent this whole semester living in the shadows for you, and I was the one who got hurt by all of it. I went to your room because I was freaking out, and you reacted by shoving me out. I can't stress that enough. I don't care what Adam was going to do to me. We could have faced it together, and instead, you ultimately protected yourself."

"Jay, it's really not like that. I didn't know about the other video."

"I tried to tell you!" I snapped, and he winced at my harsh tone.

He sighed and moved closer to me on the bed. I felt my heart rate increase as he got near, as if my body wanted what my brain should be telling it to ignore. There seemed to be a major disconnect in communication between the two at the moment. I wanted to be really mad at him, but just his presence was enough to make me go crazy with desire. My body loved Matt as much as my mind did, especially one certain body part. I watched silently as Matt climbed onto the bed with me and pulled me close to him. I wish I could say I resisted even a tiny bit, but really, I didn't even put up an ounce of a fight. I let him wrap his arms around me and hold me close to him as he trailed kisses down my neck. "I'm so sorry he did that to you." Matt murmured between kisses. He nipped at the pulse along my neck before soothing the skin with a swipe of his tongue and another kiss. "I wouldn't have acted that way if I knew. I really thought I was helping you." He moved his mouth up to my jawline and I sighed as I relished in the feeling he was giving me. All blood was rushing south, and it was hard to remember why I was upset in the first place. Matt gently pushed me down onto my back and settled above me, hovering just inches from my face. I glanced at his lips, cursing him for having such a perfect mouth I couldn't resist. "I mean it, Jay. I love you. I'm so in love with you. Adam means nothing to me."

"I believe you." I whispered. I'm not sure why I caved so easily. Maybe it was the fact that I was in love. Maybe it was the fact that I was stupid. Either way, my heart belonged to Matt, and there was nothing I could do to stop myself from falling into his arms again.

"I promise I'll help get through this." He whispered, leaning closer. His lips were millimeters away from mine, and in that moment, I didn't care what he did. He could support me, he could feed me to the wolves. I didn't care. I just wanted his body pressed against mine. We could work out the rest later.

Matt finally stopped torturing me and lowered his lips to mine, meeting them with a gasp as we settled against each other. All the stress of the day melted away as he let his weight fall on me, pressing his groin against mine. I let my hands wrap around his broad shoulders as our mouths worked together, tongues dancing as I enjoyed everything about Matt. This was the Matt I knew and loved. He had to be telling the truth before. I should have realized that it was another part of Adam's ridiculous behavior that was causing all these problems. Matt wouldn't purposely hurt me. We were in love, we belonged together. It just didn't make sense that he would spend all this time trying to get with me just to throw it away on something stupid with another guy. I knew him better than that, and it's just not who he was.

I let my brain turn off and really enjoy what was happening in my bed. Matt continued to kiss me gently, letting his actions speak volumes. Everything was tender and sweet, and it was hard not to relax into his embrace, so I stopped fighting and just let it all melt away.

Matt pulled back for a second and looked down at me, his gaze filled with lust as he took in my face. He leaned down and kissed my nose, making me chuckle before his mouth captured mine again. He pushed himself up slightly as he kissed me, creating just enough space between us to get his hands onto my shirt and start undoing buttons. He wasn't overly successful, so he finally sat up and undid them one by one at a tauntingly slow pace as I struggled to breathe normally beneath him. His hard length was pressed against me, and I knew that at the rate we were going, I was going to feel it a hell of a lot better soon. I lifted my shoulders up off the bed so that Matt could pull my shirt off, and then helped him out of his. He quickly settled back down against me, his mouth finding mine once more. He began to trail his kisses down my neck again, and I was panting in anticipation of what was likely to come. He stopped briefly to play with each nipple, biting them gently before he rolled his tongue over them, making my eyes roll back in my head. He let out a chuckle as my hand inadvertently found his head and gently nudged him further down. It wasn't intentional, but Matt took the hint and continued to trail his kisses down my stomach, dipping his tongue into my navel and making my muscles tighten at the teasing contact. By the time Matt got to the top of my pants, I was panting with desire. His fingers nimbly undid the button on my jeans and tugged them down over my hips along with my boxer briefs. He sat back long enough to pull them all the way off, before he repositioned himself on my bed between my legs, my hard cock dripping in front of his face. He gazed up at me as he slowly dragged his tongue along the underside of my shaft, completely taking my breath away. He let me recover before wrapping his lips tightly around my head and giving me a firm suck, holding for a few seconds before flicking his tongue over my slit, lapping up whatever juices were starting to leak out.

"Matt." I groaned out as he continued to tease my cock with his mouth. I was so hard for him, and having a difficult time remembering why I had been upset with him in the first place. "Oh god." I moaned as he took me further into his mouth. "Don't stop." Matt pulled off of me and grinned as he pumped my shaft with his hand, teasing every tiny speck of skin he could get his firm grasp on.
