 "So what are you and lover boy doing for Valentine's Day?" Josh randomly asked me one day. Several weeks had passed, and we were sitting in the library cramming for a calculus exam. Josh was clearly trying to distract me, but I was just about at capacity anyway. I hadn't really hidden my new interests from anyone, so Josh and I were able to talk freely, but we never referred to Matt by name. 

"Not sure." I answered as I placed my pencil on the table and looked up at him. "We haven't really talked about it. It's only been a couple weeks, I don't know what the protocol really is. Plus, we're two guys, and we haven't even had sex yet. Isn't it a little early for hearts and flowers and chocolates?" 

"It's never too early for that stuff." He grinned. "Even if you don't do anything crazy you should at least do something special. Go to dinner or something." 

"We can't go to dinner, people will notice." I reminded him. 

"Oh yeah. Papa Bear wouldn't like that much." He sighed. As someone who was out and proud, despite having an influential family, Josh wasn't too keen on the fact that we were keeping everything a total secret. He wasn't really one to judge, considering his secret affair with Adam was totally off the books, but for some reason he was harder on Matt than Adam. He claims it's because Matt came to me, and if he was brave enough to try to seduce me, he should be brave enough to come out. Adam is excused because Josh is the one who pounced on him and pretty much blew him into submission. To me, it didn't matter because I wasn't exactly out and about alerting the world that I was gay either. I quickly learned I was all give and take with this new situation. It was working for us. It was far from perfect, but it would have to be like this for now. I may not love it much, but it was what it was. 

"Not even a little." I agreed. "Although now that I think about it, he probably has to go out with Michelle that night to keep up appearances, so even thinking about it is a moot point." He just glared at me. "Josh, don't worry about it. It's fine." 

He just shook his head and started to pack his things. "If you say so." He finally told me. "But the thing is, Jason, that you are the one who is going to get hurt by all this. His father announced he was running for president already. If he wins, you are looking at four years of being in the closet while he runs around DC with his beard. What are you going to do? Spend all of college having secret hook ups in hotel rooms and supply closets? You deserve so much more than that." 

" I don't think it will come to that." I told him. "We've talked about it a lot. He's going to tell his dad over the summer and then we'll be out in the open." 

Josh just stood and threw his back pack on. "A lot can happen between now and then." He reminded me. "You deserve a guy who will really be with you and not be ashamed of it." 

"He's not ashamed." I snapped. "He just needs some time before he does anything about it." 

"He's hiding you, and you know it." He returned just as harshly. 

"Well, look at the pot calling the kettle black! Not like you can talk. Your boyfriend tells everyone he's out with girls every time he sneaks over to fuck you." The look on Josh's face made me instantly regret my words. "Josh, I'm sorry." I told him. "You know I support your choices, even if I don't agree with them." 

He shook his head. "No, you're right." He said softly. "I am having a secret relationship because he doesn't want people to know about me. It's not perfect. It actually kind of sucks that he doesn't acknowledge me outside of our room. But you know what, Jason? I don't criticize your relationship because mine is any different. I do it because you deserve more. I wouldn't wish this on anyone, let alone my best friend. I just want him to realize how lucky he is to have you, and not be afraid to tell everyone else that he knows that he's the lucky one, while they miss out on all that you are. He should be out there bragging about you because you are special and he should be proud of that. If you were my boyfriend, I'd want to announce it to the world. You're practically perfect, and if he doesn't see it, he doesn't deserve you." 

"Josh..." I interrupted. "I love you, you know that, right?" 

He cocked his head to the side. "Okay?" 

"You're my best friend. If you feel this way about what i'm going through, don't you think that I feel the same way about you?" 

"I guess I never thought of it that way." He admired. 

"Don't worry about all this heavy stuff yet. We are only in high school. It's okay that things aren't perfect, it's how we learn." 

He adjusted his backpack. "I know. Just promise me you'll be careful." 

"Only if you do the same." He grinned. 

"Deal." I agreed. He gave me a pat on the shoulder before he left the library, leaving me to stew in the chaos of my brain and study some more calculus. 

After working for another hour or so, I began to get antsy. The library had pretty much emptied out, leaving just a few stragglers behind. I packed up my stuff and was heading out when I decided to reserve a study room for the next week before my AP physics midterm. I would need the total isolation and silence to prepare. I was filling in my name on the room I liked when I saw Matt's name at the top of the list. He was in there now. That explains why he hasn't texted me all afternoon. 

I put away the list and went up the stairs to where the private rooms are. When I found his room, I tapped quietly on the door before I pushed the heavy wood in. Matt turned to see who was there, his face lighting up when he saw me. "Hey!" He grinned. "I was just thinking of you. How'd you find me?" 

"I saw your name on the list when I was signing up for next week." I told him. "This is my favorite room. I always use it around finals." 

He gave me a shy smile. "Why do you think it's my favorite room too?" I just grinned. "Come on in." He told me, shutting his textbook. "How was your day?" 

"It was okay, I guess." I told him, settling in one of the chairs. "I was just studying with Josh for physics." 

"That's what I'm studying too." He told me. "I'm having issues with some stuff. Think we could go over it?" 

"Sure." I agreed. "But can we talk about something first?" 

"Yeah, what's up?" His forehead wrinkled, a tell tale sign he was worried about something I was about to say. We had been spending so much time together, I feel like I almost knew him as well as I knew myself. I had never pictured myself falling for another guy, but that is 100% what was happening. Matt's the first thing I think about in the morning, the last thing I think about at night. We have been acting as friends during the day around school so no one would catch on to him, but then spend evenings hanging out together in the sanctity of his private suite. Josh occasionally hung out with us, but he still wasn't fully on board with everything that was going on, clearly, so he tended to keep his distance from the two of us together. He still helped me out with everything that I was uncomfortable with, or told me about things I should try to please Matt. He really was a great friend, and I knew he had my best interests in mind. It just irritated me that he didn't see things the way I did. 

"Well." I started, but then hesitated, realizing that I would have to ease him into this. He was still kind of like a skittish puppy whenever things started to get serious. I think he was just worried I would grow tired of our arrangement, but it did get hard at times. Sometimes, I wanted to venture outside of the dorm room, but I didn't want to be selfish. I decided to try again. "So, I'm going to preface this with the fact that I really care about you, and if you're not okay with what I'm about to ask, it won't be a problem." 

He stared at me for a moment. "Okay?" 

I gave him a shy smile. "How do you feel about going out for Valentine's Day" 

His features morphed as confusion took over. "With you?" 

"Of course with me. I'm your boyfriend, aren't I?" 

He gave me a small grin, but the smile didn't quite reach his eyes. I felt my gut clench. He was going to say no. I just knew it. "We've never said that before, but yes, you're my boyfriend." 

I let out a sigh of relief. "So you want to go out? Have a real date? We can go somewhere far away if it will help. I mean, we could go down to the beach or something. No one would know you there." 

"I'm supposed to go out with Michelle that night." He admitted. "Maybe we could hang out another night. The beach sounds great, though. Want to go over the weekend?" 

Now I just felt like he had punched me in the guy. Josh was right. "You're going on a fake date with Michelle on Valentine's Day? You'd really rather do that?" 

Thankfully, he had the decency to look ashamed of himself. "I'm sorry, Jay. You know how it is." 

"So let me ask you something. If your dad wins the election, are you going to come out?" 

He shrugged. "I don't know. I guess it depends on what he wants." 

"You're just going to let him dictate your choices forever?" 

"You don't get it, Jason. It's just the way it has to be for now. It won't be forever." 

I sighed again. "I do get it, and I'm not pressuring you into anything. I just want to spend some time with you outside of the dorm. I want to take you out, show you some real romance. Don't you think we deserve that? Don't you want that?" 

"Of course I do! I want that more than anything. But that's what I mean. I can't think of just myself right now. I have to look at the big picture for my family." 

"Fine." I muttered. "I won't ask again." 

He reached across the table and grabbed my hand, gripping it tight. "I really want to go out with you, Jay. I mean it." 

"But you're going out with Michelle instead." 

"Just as far as the DC gossip hunters know. You know it means nothing." 

Part of me really wanted to tell him to prove it. Break it off with her. Be with me. Just me. The other part of me knew that would be a dangerous game I would probably lose, even though it seemed like I was losing either way. But then I saw the hopeful glint in Matt's eyes, and knew that if I gave up on him over this, it would hurt him more than I could ever imagine being responsible for. He had shown me something I had never imagined, and I can't even fathom the idea of causing him any pain. He was so kind and wonderful, he absolutely didn't deserve it in any way. I would just have to keep supporting him and hopefully we can eventually come to a point in time when he is comfortable with who he is. 

"Please don't be mad." He asked, squeezing my fingers again. I looked down at our joined hands, then back up at his hopeful face. There was no way I was going to stay mad at him. Not with that face. Those beautiful eyes. Those gorgeous lips. That very talented mouth. Just thinking of all the times that mouth wrapped around my cock made me so hard I got dizzy. 

I gave him a squeeze back. "I'm not mad." I told him, watching as he let out a visible sigh of relief. "I get it. I really do. You're not in this alone, okay?" He nodded. "So, why don't you tell me what you and Michelle are going to do that night?" 

"We are just going to dinner downtown. Make an appearance for some photo ops. The usual." 

"Sounds nice." I told him. He seemed really anxious, and I felt terrible. This is what I had done to him. In all honesty, I really was no better than his father. "Maybe we can just hang out after you get back?" I offered. "We can have our own date night in once you get al the political stuff out of the way." 

"I'd like that." He answered, the real smile returning to his face. "It sounds like a wonderful way to end the night" 

"You haven't even heard what my plans for the night were." I teased, leaning forward, hoping he would take the hint. He did, and his mouth met mine in a passionate lip lock that left me panting. Matt Humphrey was without a doubt the best kisser I had ever experienced in my life. "I'm starving. You want to head to dinner? I'll help you with physics after, if that's okay?" 

"Sure, I'm hungry too." He agreed, so he packed up his stuff and we headed to dinner. He went off to sit with his friends, and I made my way over to Josh with my tray. He was acting normally again, so we just sat and bullshitted with some other members of the swim team before heading back to the dorm. The best thing about being friends with Josh is that he literally got over anything that was thrown at him almost immediately. Even though he was the product of a wealthy household and his parents were rarely around, he didn't have the typical rich kid attitude. Aside from the fact that our room was equipped with all the latest Apple products, you would never know he was so well off. He was just a normal guy. 

After I showered and changed into some sweatpants and a t-shirt, I finished the rest of my homework. I wanted to be ready to dash out the door whenever Matt called or texted. Even after all these weeks, the boy still had me chasing after him like a puppy. I was addicted to him. 

I filled Josh in on our valentine dilemma, but luckily he was smart enough to keep his comments to himself. I can't imagine he had any plans with Adam, so I'm sure he didn't want to argue over the same thing again. 

"So, when are you going to fuck him?" Josh asked casually, leaning back on his bed so casually, he could have been talking about the weather. Meanwhile, I nearly choked on my own tongue. "Chill out, dude. I was just curious." He laughed. 

"We haven't really talked about it since the first week we started hanging out." I told him. "I don't want to push it. He kept saying that when the time is right, so I have just been enjoying this time since then. I think he just wants to be careful for now." 

"Yeah, I can see that. He's definitely really into you. He probably just doesn't want to scare you away quite yet." 

"Scare me away?" 

"Well, yeah. I can't imagine you liking it very much." 

I just laughed. "I've enjoyed everything so far." I informed him. "He has just been really cautious about introducing me to new things." 

He sat up and stared at me. "I have to know. Is he as perfect looking when he's naked, or is it just the clothes that make the man?" 

"You know, you're awfully curious for someone who was mad about him earlier this afternoon." I pointed out. "Surely, you're not really that curious." 

"I am." He laughed. "He's so hot, he must look like a Greek god when he has nothing on." 

"He looks better than that." I winked. "But I'm not getting into it with you. When I have sex with him, you'll be the first to know." 

"Have you thought more about topping versus bottoming?" 

I shrugged. "Sometimes. I don't really know what I want, though. I think it will really just end up being whatever flows. But really, it comes down to what he wants to do. I just want him to be happy. He never lets anything end without making sure it feels good." 

"You guys are so lucky." He sighed. "I wish Adam would be more like you. Speaking of which, can you sleep down there tonight? Adam is coming by once you go." 

"He still doesn't know that I know, huh?" 

"I decided not to chance it by telling him." He told me. 

"Understandable." I agreed. My phone binged, so I grabbed it and saw that Matt had texted to say that he was back, so I stood and pulled on my sneakers. "I'm going to head down, okay? Call me if you need anything." 

"Have fun!" He laughed. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" All I could do was groan and head out. As I walked through the hall on the first floor, I passed Adam on his way out of his room. I was curious to know what he thought of the fact that I was always out of the room, but didn't dare question it. He didn't even acknowledge me as we passed each other. I just shrugged it off and walked right into Matt's room. 

We settled right in, getting really into the physics review, since Matt was truly horrible at it. He was so good at everything else, but for some reason, this just didn't stick for him. He had tried to drop it, but the school wouldn't let him, so he was stuck. It wasn't exactly going to be a deal breaker for him for college, so I don't know what the big deal was. But Matt refused to be subpar at anything, so who was I to deny him? 

We spent a good hour or two on the concepts, and moved into practice questions. I had moved closer to him to help him work things out, but it was just proving to be a distraction for both of us. I still don't know what it was about him, but somehow I turned to total mush whenever I was around him. I had never felt so hopelessly infatuated with anyone, and it honestly scared the shit out of me. He had so much going for him, I worried that even if he did want to come out, I would flounder in the public eye myself, paling in comparison to him. Yet, he wanted me, for some unknown reason. He would probably be much better matched with someone of his caliber, but he was settling for me, despite the fact that I had absolutely no idea why. 

"Think we should do some more practice problems?" He asked, stretching his arms over his head, revealing several inches of his perfectly carved six pack when his shirt rode up. "I feel like I get it now, but some of the samples are kind of daunting." 

"We can do that." I agreed. "How do you want to do it?" 

He gave me a wicked grin. "You on top, riding me hard." 

I felt the skin on my face and neck burn bright red. "That's not what I meant." I muttered. 

He gave me that grin again, instantly hitting me hard in the gut, making my skin feel like it was burning under his intense stare. He reached over and pulled me closer to him until I was practically on his lap. "I know, but the image is all the incentive I need to keep on trucking through this shit." 

"Oh, I see, using me for your own selfish needs." I laughed. 

"Well, can you blame me? It's really hard to focus whenever you're siting so close to me." He told me, adjusting me so I was fully on his lap. I moved my leg over so I was straddling him, and placed my hands on his shoulders. I was becoming pretty aroused, as I usually did whenever he was around me, and it was going to get in the way of us studying. "You're so fucking sexy, you know that, right?" He murmured, into my neck, pressing my chest to his, and holding me close. 

"Matt." I started. I needed to interrupt this or we were bound to fall into bed together and never get his work done. I wouldn't let him fail physics just because we were horny. "We need to finish this stuff up." 

"In a minute." He told me, letting his lips trail along my neck. I shivered when he reached my ear, nibbling on my earlobe as his hands roamed up and down my back. I let out a sigh of relief when he finally stopped teasing and moved up to my mouth, letting his lips work against mine. I tightened my grip around his neck and let myself get lost in his kisses. When he finally moved away, he rested his forehead against mine, catching his breath for a moment before he started talking again. "I'm sorry about earlier." 

"There's nothing to be sorry for." I told him, tenderly kissing him again. "You were upfront about what the expectation was when we started this. I just wanted to go out one day. It's really not a huge deal. You can go out with Michelle, and we'll hang out when you get back. Or we can go to the beach over the weekend. Whatever you want." 

"I wish I could go out with you too." He muttered, tilting my head up so he was looking directly into my eyes. "Trust me, I want to have a normal relationship with you. I hate that we are stuck like this. If there was something I could do about it, I absolutely would." 

"Well, hopefully over the summer everything will settle in the way we want it to." I told him, holding on to the hope that things would be okay for us. "But Matt, I like you. I'm not going anywhere. I promise. You're not going through this alone. We'll figure it out." 
