 Hello and welcome back! I am so so sorry for the delay, especially since I said this update would be sooner, but I got a new computer and transferring files has been lengthy. 

This story is not going to be abandoned. Sorry for the scare. To make up for it, this chapter is longer than others.

New readers: it is advised to read earlier chapters in this story, as chapters aren't quite standalone.

NOTE: This chapter contains a character making unwanted sexual advances toward another character (not rape!) and if this bothers you, I advise you to skip over that part in the story.

Without further ado, here's 'Work and Play Part 6'.

*****

I've been on hold for a good seven minutes now, but I'm completely unfazed. Any other day, this would bother me, but there's no other way to describe this morning as anything other than spiritual. 

After Gabriel left, I went to bed almost immediately, getting a full, fulfilling nap in before going to work. I honestly wouldn't mind doing that every day. 

Then, I arrived at work fifteen minutes early, beaming, of course. Gabriel called me before I even got the chance to sit down, and I hurried up to his office. I thought he might have had breakfast for us, but no; the first thing that came out of his mouth was, "Jiao won't be here until ten thirty."

"And?"

I suppose he wasn't completely satisfied this morning (I knew he wouldn't be), because he pushed me up against the door, kissing me with such ferocity, I thought something was wrong, or someone was going to hear us from outside the room. I breathed him in, locking my fingers in the back of his neck and grinding my stiffening cock against his through dresspants. 

"You still owe me a pair of pants," I whispered as I unbuttoned his shirt and him my vest.

"I'll get you a whole wardrobe if you do less talking this time," Gabriel grunted, getting frustrated with the last button on my vest. I kissed him, all tongue, before undoing it myself. "Promise?"

"Wait, what? Like you're serious? I talk a lot, I'm sorry," I whined. "I can't help it; it helps me stay connected—"

"I'll spank you over my desk if you're quiet," Gabriel offered. And like that, my mouth was shut. I was so quiet, I couldn't even hear my own thoughts. "You want my hands on you, Baby?"

I nodded obediently, like a slut. 

Next thing I knew, I was on my knees, looking up at Gabriel with big eyes, his nice, fat cock in my mouth and his big hand in my hair. I enjoyed the taste of him. I licked along the thick vein on the underside of his dick and took each of his balls in my mouth, moaning with each taste. 

I was bent over his desk in less than a minute, gasping and begging for more as he drove his cock in and out of me, giving me nice, hard smacks to my already tender ass along the way. I listened to the sounds of our bodies coordinating together, sickeningly sweet, wet, strong sounds filling the room. My comfort.

He came in my mouth and on my chin. I swallowed. I figured I could be his stress reliever too. 

So being put on hold isn't so bad. 

Gabriel must tell Jiao everything; she was the third person to see me today, and she teased me for 'looking so lively this morning'. Endless teasing must be a big part of their relationship, and I've been made a part of it. I simply smiled and blushed and went on my way. Man, it feels good to feel good. 

I didn't even flinch when Clay Edgar intentionally bumped into me after I got my morning coffee. He's a creep, he's an idiot, but he's nothing to me. I'm on a high that can't be matched. 

I'm texting my sister when I'm finally connected with a representative from the branch I'm trying to call. 

"Hello, Sean Freeman of OrtegaTech New Mexico, how may I help you?"

"Hello, my name is Zeke Hartigan, manager of advertising and sales, and I was calling to inform you of a meeting we have scheduled today with one of your representatives at 11:00 today over Skype."

There's a pause on the line, and then a friendly chuckle. "Yes, I'm your rep, and I'm in the OTech building in Colorado."

"Oh," I glance at my clock: 10:48. "Well, I've been misinformed, ha. I'll meet with you in just a bit." I quickly straighten up my shirt and gulp down the rest of my coffee before heading upstairs. 

I make my way into the meeting room to sit down. Gabriel sits across from me, along with Jiao and a few other familiar faces. I shake hands with the women and men nearby and wait for someone to start the meeting. 

Two minutes later, a man walks in, carrying a briefcase and looking like he walked straight out of a magazine. Must be the rep. He instantly changes the atmosphere of the room with smiles and friendly greetings. 

He shakes my hand, "Sean Freeman." 

"Zeke Hartigan."

"Did you dress up for me?" Sean teases, looking me up and down. I'm completely stunned. I'm sure I'm blushing bright red, and I giggle, trying to think of something to say in return. Is he flirting with me? He's flirting with everyone, it seems. I wish I were that bold.

"Of course," I reply, tossing my hands in the air. "I'm usually in rags."

Sean sits a few seats away, where I can see his side profile. His hair is cut relatively short, longer on the top. His skin is deep, I don't want to say chocolate-colored; that's so cliché. But his skin is impossibly smooth. There's a hint of a mustache on his lip, and every time his white smile contrasts against his dark skin, I practically shiver in my seat. 

I sort my papers out, and when I look up, Sean winks at me. I'm sure I look absolutely embarrassed right now. 

Sean is a very good speaker, and he's more financially smart than even I am. He makes the meeting very casual, cracking jokes every once in a while and poking fun occasionally. He's truly a charmer. The meeting hardly feels like a meeting by the time we're done. My goodness, Sean is an attractive man. I'm not looking, of course, but... Sean is very different than any other men I've met. He seems very real, like he'd act the same with everyone. 

Sean instantly comes over to me after the meeting, making small talk and being friendly. "So where'd you go to school?"

"Harvard," I say. "Business."

"And you ended up in business. Good for you. I graduated with a Masters in neuroscience. And here I am," Sean chuckles. "I don't mind it at all. I believe we have the same job. Manager of ads and sales?"

"Yeah."

"Look at you, barely 25 and reeling it in," Sean teases. We walk to the elevator together, chatting the whole time. God, he's so smart. Attractive, nice—if I would've met someone like him beforehand...

No, no. Bad Zeke. Gabriel is trying. He is. He's never been with a man before. Give it a go. 

As we step into the empty elevator, Sean doesn't hesitate to breach my personal space and put on a low voice. He's not much taller than me at all, and his big brown eyes reel me in. "You know, I'm going to be in town for the week, plus the weekend. I'm actually planning on transferring here."

I chuckle nervously. "I um... well, you'd have to find another position. Manager of ads and sales is taken, my friend."

"May I tell you something?" he asks. I nod my head. "A little birdie told me CEO is open. And it might go to someone here. So I can take the transferring position, if it all plays out like it's supposed to." Sean reaches out to adjust my tie. "Anyway, about this weekend... I wouldn't mind having SOME company for a few nights," he says lowly. 

I smile, and then it quickly fades away. "I'd love to but..." my mind drifts to my absolutely exhilarating morning with Gabriel, "I'm kind of occupied. I'm in a... let's just say it's complicated." Sean frowns, still keeping himself close to me. "Don't get me wrong, I think you're—well, that doesn't really matter, does it?" I chuckle.

"I understand," Sean nods, and then he throws me a smile. "Guess I'll have to run the streets of Loveland by myself."

Run...

"Hey, I have a friend," I say excitedly. "His name is Grayson—he's great. Loves running, loves food... he works here actually," I explain. Sean laughs hard, throwing his head back. 

"Then why aren't you dating him?"

"I—" Before I can explain, the elevator doors open, and there stands Clay Edgar. I immediately shut my mouth and frown. Sean takes notice, gathering a concerned look on his face. "Yeah, I'll show you to my office," I say quietly, pushing past Clay. Sean follows me out. 

"I take it not everyone is friends here," Sean says. 

"Absolutely not," I comment. I make it to my office, and Sean joins me inside. "This is my office," I present. 

"Bigger than mine," Sean raves. On cue, Grayson appears in my doorway, giving a knock and peeking in. He looks really suave today. Good for him. I'm going to play matchmaker. 

"Hey, Zeke! Oh, I didn't see you had a guest. Sorry," Grayson says, putting a hand over his mouth.

"No problem here. Sean Freeman." He sticks his hand out. 

"Grayson Thomas. Oh! you must be the rep from New Mexico."

Sean smiles, glancing at me briefly, and instantly turning on that charm. There's no denying that Grayson is attractive. I see that now, and he looks especially good today. "Indeed," Sean says. 

"Sean's going to be here in Loveland for the week. He's looking for some company for the weekend," I comment casually. Grayson nods, oblivious to the situation. I know it's sudden setting them up when they've barely said fifty words, but if this gets Grayson off my back, I'll be good. "Maybe you can show him around."

"Sure!" Grayson says, still oblivious. 

"Dinner, if that's alright with you?" Sean says. And instantly, it's as if a light bulb flickers on in Grayson's head. He straightens up suddenly, and flushes bright red. He looks at me, eyes wide and mouth half-open. 

"Y-yeah! Sure! I know a few great places, good food, great environment—it finally stopped snowing, you know. Colorado is crazy."

"So, it's a date then?" I say, feeling quite smug in the fact that Grayson is absolutely smitten over Sean. 

"No problem," Grayson comments, giving a smile, a wave, and ducking out of my office.

---

"I looked like a fucking fool," Grayson snaps at me when I visit him in his office two hours later. "You didn't even freaking warn me, Zeke?" I laugh, and hand him Sean's business card. 

"He thinks you're good-looking."

"And? God, I haven't been on a date in for fucking ever... he likes me? I didn't say more than a few words and stumbled the whole time, shit." Grayson rubs at his eyes. "He thinks I'm hot? Me?"

"Yes, and you're going out with him on Friday."

Grayson panics for a while longer while I watch, and laugh, and think about how hot Sean is, and how if I weren't with Gabriel...

"Why didn't you go out with Sean?" Grayson asks. When I don't respond, and toss a few excuses in my head, he sits up. "Is it because he's Black?" he whispers.

"What? No, no way," I chuckle. "I was going to, actually, but—" I stop myself short. I've already tied myself to Gabriel. I already think we're a couple. Oh no, no we are NOT technically together. For all I know, Gabriel could be with me and two other people. Would it be shitty? Yeah, but we're not dating. 

I'm about to ruin everything and say 'I don't think I'd be with Gabriel if I had a problem with race', but I stop short. 

"I told you I'm not relationship ready," I explain. "I think he's really attractive, he's really nice... I think he's absolutely amazing. Tell me how it goes."

I walk out of the room, and Clay Edgar is standing in front of my office, picking at his nails nonchalantly. He needs to back the fuck off. "Do you need something?"

"I need a lot of somethin', Princess," he says quietly. Then he winks. I shove past him and shut the door loudly.

I head upstairs to Gabriel's office toward the end of the day. He sits at his desk, not even greeting me. "Good afternoon."

"Zeke," comes his monotone reply.

I walk to sit over on his desk, and he doesn't even look at me. "Are you alright?"

"Just fine."

"How was your day?"

"Peachy," he says sarcastically. 

"My day was great," I sigh. Something tells me he's a little stingy about how Sean and I hit it off, but I leave it alone. If that's not the case, I don't want him to think I'm making us more than what we are. I feel bad that I didn't join him this morning to eat after we fucked. "What'd you have for breakfast?"

Gabriel smiles. "Are you teasing me?" Oh, duh. He had ME for breakfast. I turn toward him with a smile of my own. "So, you spent most of the day with Sean Freeman. How was that?" I shrug. So I was right. "You're obviously attracted to him."

"I'm not 'obviously'—he's going out with a friend of mine," I reply. I didn't really consider Gabe's FEELINGS when I was talking to Sean... I don't want to assume something that isn't there. "Why?"

"I can see why you'd be attracted to him," Gabriel sighs. 

"Would that make a difference to you? If I find him attractive?" 

"I don't care," Gabriel replies. Jiao starts to pack up and close her office, and Gabriel frowns. "Well, you'd better go." I ignore him, instead walking around to rub noses with him. I pout before kissing him once. He barely kisses me back. 

"He asked me out," I brag, swinging my leg around and straddling Gabriel's lap. 

"Of course he did," Gabe says, not looking me in the eye. His phone rings, and he gently pushes me off of him to answer it in the unoccupied room. He really is salty about Sean, geezus. 

Jiao exits her office, walking over to me with a smug smile on her face. "I hate to be the middle-man, but you two are ridiculous. I can tell you this: Gabriel is jealous easy. Also, he is the most open-minded person I know. There's not a lot he won't do. Impulsive, yes, but he's reasonable. If you ever make him uncomfortable... just know that it takes a lot to get him that way."

I take in her words, nodding every so often. "And why are you telling me this?"

"Because I've never seen Gabriel so clueless when it comes to building a relationship."

---

So far, Grayson and I have jogged our first two miles, talking about Sean the whole time, of course. Most of the snow has melted by now, but there's spots we have to run around. We stop for a break on the corner of some apartments. "I'm still not happy you randomly set me up with him. Don't care what you say; I still looked like an idiot."

"He likes you," I breathe. "That's all that matters." This cold mile is really taking it out of me. I didn't bring my inhaler either. I could cut the night short, give some bullshit excuse. We sit in silence for a while, and I'm sure he might be thinking the same thing. I know there's a school nearby, and we might be able to use their track. I haven't been on a real track since high school. 

"So how's work? I know that's a dumb question but—"

I interrupt Grayson. "No, not dumb. I think I'm doing pretty well."

"I mean, six figures ain't bad," Grayson chuckles. I laugh, not knowing what he means. 

"Sure..." I say with an exaggerated nod and a sip of my water. 

"Oh good god; that's a shitty way of telling you about your raise," Grayson says, thunking his hand against his forehead and shaking his head. Wait, what? Grayson raises his eyebrows suggestively and starts running away from me before I even stand up. 

"Grayson?! I got a raise?!" I yell, running after him. I hear him laugh as he gains speed. 

It's a good five minutes of running—booking it fast, I'm afraid my lungs can't keep up—before Grayson stops, laughing and huffing in a grass park. I never caught up to him (embarrassing), but I tackle him to the ground and roll around a bit. "What the hell?" I chuckle. He's on top, holding my arms down and straddling my waist. "Grayson, that's a—" I do some quick math in my head, "an eight dollar raise? How?"

"You deserve it. I pulled some strings—you do more than anyone—"

Before he can finish his sentence, I find myself kissing him, fierce, deep. I'm still out of breath, so I sound desperate as I gasp for air and reach for his mouth at the same time. I wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him only like I've ever kissed Gabriel, and he returns it. 

I'm an idiot. 

I pull away after ten seconds, practically shoving him off of me. "Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit—" I shake my head and try to collect myself. "I'm so sorry."

"No, no it's okay," Grayson says with a chuckle. "Heat of the moment. Uh... yeah. Anyway you're really working miracles; you deserve a proper salary." I don't know what to say. Between the $13K raise per year and my adrenaline rush and kissing Grayson out of fucking nowhere, I'm a mess. 

"Thank you," I say softly as we both sit in the cold grass. Grayson shrugs, looking up at the sky. 

My mind starts racing through everything, and when we help each other up, I end up blurting, "What do we do about sexual harassment at OTech?" 

Grayson gives me the most confused face and takes a sip of his water before answering with a laugh. "I... I don't mind you kissing me, Zeke."

"No, no—I mean, thanks. It's not that," I laugh. "I was just wondering." 

His concerned face quickly takes over. "Did something happen at work? Something I need to know about?" 

"No, no," I lie, thinking of Clay. "Seriously just a trivial question. You know me."

Grayson nods slowly, still looking suspicious. "Uh huh. Um... well, you'd—hypothetical 'you'—would probably have to report this to your boss, as well as Human Resources, and depending on the severity, the law might get involved. But that's the last resort, you know. I don't think much happens at OTech. And surely, if someone wanted to cross that line, they should be punished, maybe even fired. There have been less than 10% instances of sexual harassment each year at our branch. None at all in the last two."

"What if people just don't want to say anything?" I ask as we begin walking back. 

"Then it's our job to encourage them to say—really, Zeke... did something happen?"

"No. I swear. Let's run back to get our things."

--

Gabriel didn't communicate at all with me yesterday after work. Obviously, he can't come over every night, but I don't think me flirting with Sean is enough to warrant the silent treatment. Geezus.

It's Shannon's birthday today, and I finally got what I ordered in the mail for her on time. I bought an adult coloring book just in case, as a shit gift, but she's been talking about a small lamination machine for her scrapbooking for about half a year now, so I got her one. I hope she loves it. I'm taking her to lunch today, and earlier I got her boyfriend to place the package in her car. 

My computer shut down this morning, but I'm not going to let it bother me. I bother Shannon until it finally is back up. 

"I don't know why you can't just tell me what you got me, Zeke," she says. 

"I didn't get you anything," I lie, taking a suspicious sip of my coffee and wriggling my eyebrows at her. "But if I did, I'd probably hide it somewhere obvious and not tell you about it."

"Ugh, you're the worst," Shannon complains, tossing a crumpled up sticky note at my forehead. "We might have to delay lunch today though because of that meeting."

"What meeting?" I ask. 

Shannon huffs, spinning around in her chair. "What on earth would you do without me? C'mere." Shannon shows me an e-mail she got from HR. 

"My computer flaked on me."

"Sexual harassment conference blah, blah—" Shannon skims over most of the e-mail, "required for all employees—today at 11:00."

Sexual harassment conference? Well, how coincidental that I bring up sexual harassment to Grayson yesterday and within fourteen hours, we randomly have a sexual harassment meeting. I swear to god...

"Oh, how I love wasting time," I groan. Shannon looks at me funny.

"I think it's good to have these twice a year. We used to have one every six months. For the past two years, we haven't. I don't think a lot of that goes on here, but you never know..." I can tell she's annoyed with my comment, so I try to make up for it. 
