 This is a continuation of my previous story. 

I was at the dentist and a previous lover was in the waiting room, it had been an intense relationship. I was married but gay and he was divorced and bisexual. We had regular contact in the workplace although we were not always at the same location. He was in charge of a group of sub-contractors implementing work I designed and we had worked alongside each other for many years, both unknowing about the potential until it came to the surface after a few whiskeys in a hotel bar. That particular work project was only just starting so we both knew we would be around each other for some considerable time, at least six months and maybe more.

He was a strong assertive man, he had steel blue eyes that instantly drew your attention and I always felt he could read me like a book. After the first icebreaker experience things developed fast, I am very naturally submissive and I really wanted to please him. My previous experience with men was very limited but also very satisfying and revealed my true character, personality and sexuality. That first Gentleman had been so patient with me and allowed me to learn exactly what I enjoyed despite me having a resistance to admitting it myself, he was superb and I was so lucky to have met him.

This coloured my relationship with men, it had to be someone I liked and respected, I would be grateful for their attention and repay it with a real desire to serve. Anthony, my new lover fitted that mould perfectly. I enjoyed his company, he was naturally assertive, I respected him, I even lusted after his attention.

After a few weeks of clandestine meetings in the hotel we shared with his subcontractors he decided we had to make a better arrangement. We were there every week Monday to Thursday, so I would have my own room booked but only really use it as a wardrobe and a shower in the mornings. I would stay with him until the hotel gym opened, then I would have a quick session in the gym before returning to my own room for a shower. Always remembering to ruffle up the bedsheets too. This was fine but had its limitations, we had to be very discreet and quiet, and often there was someone we knew in the room next door.

We had discussed how we could overcome this but I had not been party to his solution. I arrived in work to find he was not there, this was not unusual as he sometimes worked on other contracts simultaneously. As the day went on I was getting more edgy, I had texted him and not had a reply, it was out of character. I resisted asking his workers and the day past by very slowly. 

When I booked into the hotel, I was surprised that he did not have reservation, his colleagues said he was making other arrangements. Alarm bells were ringing in my head, I relived how we had been on the previous Friday, and everything seemed good, what was happening. I was in my room lying on the bed wondering whether I should call him when my phone rang. It was Anthony, he seemed cool and relaxed as if nothing was wrong. 

"Hi," he said "Just wanted to tell you I am arranging a better place for us, I won't see you this week though."

He left it at that, despite my questions. I subtly quizzed the others the next day but they just thought he was working on another contract that week.

It turned out he was, in a town about 40 miles away, but instead of booking a hotel he had rented an apartment by a local marina. On the Thursday I got a message telling me I did not need to book a hotel as I was staying with him the next week. I was thrilled and and excited, knowing that he still wanted me, that weekend dragged.

The next Monday he turned up at work and the day went as normal but at the end of the day I was told to follow his car to his new flat. He showed me around with some pride and it really was very smart and luxurious, large leather sofas, solid wood floors and thick rugs. The bathroom had a huge walk-in shower and also a Jacuzzi bath build into a large alcove, it was magnificent.

Then Anthony Said "Let me show you your room."

I felt my heart jump a bit, we were not sharing? I had my own room? We turned the corner on the hallway and ahead I could see double doors open on to huge bedroom, the opposite wall just windows overlooking a balcony and the marina. My room was on the left, it was still nice but just a side window, a double bed and the essential furniture. 

He gestured to the bed and said "Look under the pillow."

I lifted the pillow to see the bed had restraints attached to the headboard and alongside them was a soft dark tan collar, it had "RM, property of AG" embossed along its length, RM were my initials, RG were his. 

His eyes grabbed me and he asked: "Do you accept?"

I just looked at it and nodded.

"Good," he replied "You will find your home attire in the bottom drawer, go shower and present yourself suitably prepared in fifteen minutes."

It is surprising how many things go through your mind in a moment like this, lots of thoughts and unknowns accompanied by a delicious vulnerability. Anthony turned and left and I heard a shower splashing from what of must have been his en-suite, it was not the main bathroom. 

When I checked the drawer I was bit confused, it looked like a tiny leather skirt in the same colour as the collar. I looked closer and it was more like a series of leather flaps attached by means of a double leather belt and buckles around the top. It was soft , almost like a suede but glossy too. Then I noticed the print on the wall above the chest of drawers, and it then made sense. The picture portrayed a Roman warrior and his slave, the slave had a short tunic and exactly that skirt. Apparently it was a Trojan skirt.

I gathered it up and went off to the bathroom, showered, shaved where necessary and then dried thoroughly. I cleaned the shower and dried that down before stepping into the Trojan. It did not cover much and the splits all around made it pretty useless at hiding my modesty. I spent some time trying to get the belts correct, very aware I needed to trim my tummy. 

Then I heard a shout "Where are you, fifteen minutes are up."

I rushed out of the bathroom and Anthony was standing right in the hallway, he was in casual shorts and t-shirt, I am not sure if I half expected a Centurion. 

He looked at me and said "Fetch your collar," paused and then added "boi."

His tone had changed to be his "no messing, no conversation" voice so I just went to my room picked up the collar, I then followed him to the lounge. 

He turned and said "Don't worry, this will not change anything." then added "You do not need to be physically wearing this all the time but in our minds you will be."

He turned me around and he placed the soft leather around my neck, then adjusted it to fit, he put his hands on my shoulders turned me back to face him and kissed me. I felt my whole self melt away, he could have anything I could offer and I would be in heaven.

He sat on the sofa and I sat next to him, my natural inclination was to be under his arm, we kissed more and I caressed his arms and chest, I noticed the swelling in his shorts and tried to resist going straight there.

Anthony just said "All yours, make up for a lost week."

That was my cue, so I slid my hand down and lifted his waistband with my fingertips, his gorgeous cock was there to meet me, hot and hard, stretching towards me. My fingers embraced it and I rubbed over the tip with my thumb, he was damp too, I instinctively licked my thumb. If you have never done that you may not understand, but in that hot lustful moment it was like his sweet personal nectar, it was beautiful. 

I slipped down to my knees and took off his shorts, folded them and then knelt between his legs taking him in my lips, first I let him slip over my tongue very slowly, then my tongue lapped under the tip of his cock, massaging the vee in the stretched gland, now I was no hurry and neither was he, I could tell from his face that I had learnt exactly how he liked it. I carried on for a long time, there did not need to be an end to this pure pleasure. 

Eventually Anthony eased me off him and stood up, he gestured me to do the same, we kissed again and I did not even realise that he was just subtly manipulating the way we stood so I was slightly legs apart, looking up and enjoying his kisses. 

He stood back and said "Stay exactly like that."

I heard him go to some drawers against the wall behind me, then he returned, stood behind me and just put a little pressure on my shoulders for me to lean away from him. I felt him lift up one of the flaps of leather and then smooth coolness over the rosebud muscle of my arse, he insisted on calling it my pussy, I was not so sure about the terminology but liked the inference. I felt his fingers enter me , just stretching me but well lubed and super comfortable, I wanted more.

He stroked and caressed my pussy and he was obviously enjoying it himself but the feeling for me was indescribable, pure ecstasy, I kept pushing towards his touch, I could not help myself. 

Then he adjusted his stance and I felt his hot cock on me, it had no difficulty in finding the right place and I gasped as he slid deep inside me. My first lover had been patient and slow at this point and eased into me, that was not Anthony's style, he had done the prep work with his fingers. He slid in deep in one long stroke, held me there, my rosebud tightened against him and once he felt that he withdrew almost fully before sinking back into me. Then he repeated it over and over, it was hard to balance but he held me firmly, safe but no escape either, not that I wanted to escape!

After a few minutes, he withdrew and sat on the leather sofa, he pulled my legs around so my back was towards him and then pulled my hips towards his lap. His cock stood proud so as I got close I held it and guided it towards my approaching pussy. As I sat on his lap it only took a tiny adjustment for him to slide directly into me. I was then more responsible for his pleasure and I made sure I pleasured him completely, I could feel the stiffness of his cock in me, it felt so good. 

He gestured for me to turn around and I knelt across his lap, one knee either side facing him, again I guided him into me, it was so easy this time, it felt very natural, he pulled me into towards him and we kissed, we kissed and he fucked me, I made love to him and he fucked me. It was perfect. The kissing got harder and he bit on my lip as I felt him lunge into me and everything went very hot and loose down there, his face was intense and those steely eyes closed as he made me his.

After a few moments I moved off him and knelt on the floor, gazing at him, thinking how lucky I was. This was me!

A few minutes later, Anthony stood and said 

"That is the one sofa enrolled to our club, I will show you my bedroom later, maybe."