 The homeowner impatiently tapped his foot on the floor, looking at the clock on the wall, and then by habit looking at his wristwatch. It was already 7:30 in the morning. A man like himself wasn't much of a morning person. In fact, he would have preferred to have slept in today and just snore from morning till noon. But no, he had to be up early today. Today was the day he was going to have his bathroom tile and sink renovated. The place had been needing some fresh coat of paint--among a few other things--and while he was proud to be able to DIY a few things in the house, something like this required a more professional touch.

With a quick phone call to the nearest contractor in town the other day, he was told that someone would be over on at around 7:30, on a Sunday morning. Another glance back at the clock and he was beginning to wonder where the handyman was.

"It's getting late..." he uttered, beginning to pace around the living room with an annoyed scowl across his face..

As if to answer his own question, the doorbell rang. 

Jumping at the sound of the doorbell, Jason stopped his pacing and huffed all the way to the door. He was practically steaming at the fact that the contractor was nearly five minutes late. If it wasn't so early in the morning, the homeowner would have just shrugged off the tardiness, but the fact that he had to be up at what felt like the crack of dawn was what annoyed him.

Walking across the doormat which proudly displayed a little cottage and a "welcome home" above it, the male grabbed the metal doorknob and gave it a sharp twist. Opening up the door, Jason was about to open his mouth to let the contractor have it when he found he could not form words. 

Standing before him was massive man who nearly dwarfed him in size and stature. He looked to be a bit older than Jason; around his late-twenties while Jason was in his mid-twenties. His azure colored eyes clashed with the tight white muscle shirt across his body along with the jeans. The pants were faded; the blue reduced to a lighter shade of their former glory and several parts of the denim had holes in it. Around his waist, a brown toolbelt showed its wear and expensive looking tools were holstered along the outside. His hair was a beautiful chocolate brown which clashed with his almost intense gaze. The contractor had a bright smile on his face which practically oozed charm, and the brown beard highlighted his striking and bold features. Although the beard was thick, it was well-maintained and reminded Jason of a lumberjack. 

The contractor's arms were mostly free and mobile. One of his hands were free whilst the other carried a toolbox that had the logo of the company he worked for proudly displayed. The tight and bulging muscle of the male's arms were on full display and the biceps flexed menacingly. The V of the contractor's neck was full of sinew and tendons that seemed to move on their own accord and Jason could see a tuft of dark hair teasingly peaking out over the band of the shirt. As the contractor looked over his client, Jason could not help, but watch how the light brown skin dipped down into the contractor's tight t-shirt. For a somewhat older man, he had a hunky appearance. 

Due to the warm weather outside, the male was already sweating. The man's light brown shimmered in the morning light and Jason was starstruck by a particular droplet that dripped down into the contractor's shirt and rolled over his covered chest. 

"Good morning, sir!" he chirped, filled with energy. "Are you Mr. Greenwood?"

Jason blinked, taking a moment to realize that the hulking adonis in front of him was actually talking to him. "Um, uh, yes!" He shook his head, smiling back and extending a hand. "Yes, that's me." The contractor's hands felt coarse and rough, no doubt the product of numerous times working with wood. "Jason Greenwood."

"Pleasure to meet you, Jason," the hunky gentlemen smiled back at him. "I'm the handyman they sent to work for you for the duration of your contract with us."

"NIce to meet you..."

"The name's Ken."

"Uh, Ken, nice to meet you." The client smiled, his previous grievances quickly disappearing as he eyed up the his own handyman. "So uh, yeah, if you would follow me, I can show you as to where you'd be working on the renovations..."

Jason beckoned Ken inside, a warm smile crossing his lips as he led the contractor upstairs. In contrast to Jason's graceful footfalls came the lumbering tank that was the contractor, the boots he was wearing clunking up the wooden steps. The hallway was littered with different pictures of nature. Four frames decorated the wall, each one portraying a different season. The dragon lingered on the one simply titled "Autumn" which had the orange and red leaves frozen in time. 

The part that surprised Ken the most was how comfortable the house felt to him. It was warm and inviting; almost like the cute stud that welcomed him inside. Shaking his head as his eyes lingered for far too long on Jason's round backside housed in the tan board shorts, Ken reminded himself that this was a client he was supposed to be working with and not seducing.

Jason led Ken to the sink in his bathroom, opening up the bottom cabinet to show the maze of pipework that led throughout the bottom of the sink. 

"I would like a new sink for my bathroom along with a renovation of the tile on the floor," Jason stated neutrally as he looked over to the contractor to see him scribbling down notes on a small, red notebook. The pen that he used looked almost like a small stick in Ken's large hands.

Squatting down, Ken ran his finger across the white tile which had a small, blue cross pattern. He just clicked his tongue as he jotted down another note into his notes before saying, "Alright. The sink I can get the materials in by tomorrow and do. The tile will be about the same," the dragon said coolly, but not without that warm smile at the end. The dragon then stated, "The price will be about $3000 total for everything, but we can always negotiate. My company is always open to run things back and forth Mr. Greenswood." 

"Please just do it, Ken." The smaller male nodded. "I've been wanting this done for a long time. I'm willing to pay." It was evident by the walk-in shower along with the sparse bathroom that Jason had a large sum. Ken figured it would simply translate to a bigger tip which was nice. 

"Excellent! We can order new tiles. I recognize the style. I believe we have some in circulation and they can come in quick. I can start measuring things out to get dimensions," Ken stated as he got up off of his squatting position. 

Jason nodded and asked, "How long do you think this will take renovation wise?" 

"Ehh, I would say about a week," Ken said nonchalantly as he made another note, not looking down to see what he was writing and continuing to look at Jason. "I'll have help too. Won't just be me disturbing your peace." Ken gave a foolish grin at the comment along with a deep rumble of a chuckle. 

"Oh, I don't mind if more people like YOU show up," Jason thought pervertedly to himself as his vision fell on the sweat still continuing to run down the male's skin.

The contractor chuckled. "I can assure you, Jason, that the rest of my coworkers aren't as charming as I am." Ken opted to tease a little, if only to develop a good rapport with his client. That and maybe because he did find his client rather cute. But he was keen to not mix business with pleasure. Or at least, he avoided it whenever he could. "Now, let me get started on taking measurements so I can make sure I'll be grabbing the right materials for when I start working on them."

"Well if that's the case the then I'll leave you to it," Jason replied before making his way out of the bathroom. He watched as Ken knelt on the floor and began taking out his measuring tapes, his large and broad hands working with the yellow tape. Not wanting to bother the man, Jason decided to let him be for now. "If you need anything else, just call me. I'll be in the living room."

"Sounds good. I''ll be sure to call you if there's anything that comes up."

Jason was left watching the television back downstairs in the living room, his body sprawled out on the couch, but was unable to focus on the show he was watching as his mind was still hung up on Ken. The contractor's rippling body imprinted itself on his mind and he was unable to think about anything else than his own curiosities on the male's body. The hunk's voice was also as smooth as silk and he had a charm about him that was electric.

Jason's own loins stirred, giving him a semi-erection that was thankfully not obvious through his shorts. He glanced at the clock and noted the time. It had been almost an hour already and Ken was fairly quiet within the bathroom. Curiosity getting the better of him, he wondered how the progress of renovating his bathroom was going. He stood up and headed back to the bathroom, his footfalls echoing throughout the hallway as he made his way up the stairs. 

"Hey Ken...how are the measurements goi-" 

Jason was spellbound by the sight before him. The dragon was on his knees and leaning over with his rump in the air as he worked with a tape measurer and jotted down dimensions of the tile into his notebook. His shirt was cast away to the side and his rippling body was on full display for the buck. His muscles flexed and glimmered with sweat under the artificial light and the toolbelt that was around his waist was placed on the side at arms reach. 

The jeans around Ken's waist seemed to highlight the whole part of his body and their was a tear near the back that showed a small patch of his tight lighter white skin of his firm rump. Jason felt blood move from his brain towards his maleness in record time, but managed to hold himself together. He pulled at the collar of his t-shirt and overcoat. 

Turning around and looking over his shoulder, the hunky contractor gave a grunt in response before scribbling something down in his notebook, his rump swaying back and forth as he started to maneuver himself to face his client. Jason could not keep his eyes in one place as the dragon moved himself to a standing position, his broad back on full display and glimmering with sweat before he turned around. Jason was struck mute as he watched a droplet pass over the stud's right nipple. He was the ultimate temptation and Jason was finding it harder to keep himself composed. 

The contractor smiled at him, before saying, "It's going well, Jason." Whether he noticed the expression his client had on his face or not, he didn't say anything but instead moved to the side and grabbed a towel. "I managed to make some great progress and I think I already have most of it down anyway. I can start working on them tomorrow as soon as I have the materials." He wrapped the towel around his neck before looking back down at him. "Listen, I normally don't ask this but can I have some water? It's been really hot out and I'm feeling really thirsty."

Ken felt horrible, but he found it too enjoyable of a time to pass up the chance to tease his client. It was always fun to see the reaction he would get from the people he worked with, and judging from the bulge he was beginning to see forming at Jason's loins, he was having the fullest of effects on the younger male.

"Um, uh, sure. We can head over to the kitchen if you want. It looks like you can use a break anyways." Jason only hoped that his voice didn't crack as much as he thought he sounded. Jason's heart was beating frantically in his chest as he headed towards the kitchen, only now realizing his soft boner from earlier had become a raging hard on. Did he see? If he did, he didn't mention anything about it. This only served to make Jason more self conscious and nervous, but he did his best to keep his composure around the muscular bear next to him. 

Giving a small chuckle at Jason's obvious nervousness, Ken acted as if he was oblivious to it. Not wanting the poor man to have a panic attack, the contractor grabbed his toolbelt and put it back around his waist as if he was packing up to leave. The younger male did not think anything of it and walked with Ken down the stairs and towards the kitchen. 

Ken was still shirtless; not even bothering to cover up his naked upper body and Jason wished he was behind the larger male so he could eye him up. He knew he felt like a dirty perv, but that was what was so thrilling about the situation. 

Jason led Ken into the spacious kitchen. The stainless steel refrigerator along with the sink stood silently in the back left part of the kitchen. A nice, neutral tan paint covered the interior along with the beautiful tiles that covered the floor. The countertops were covered in a nice granite and the sink dripped water occasionally down into the tub below. 

"This may not be appropriate to say, but you have a really nice place here," Ken said with an almost purr in his voice. The deep rumble sent a shiver down Jason's spine and the buck reached up into one of the many wooden cabinets to grab a glass cup. 

"Thanks," Jason said with a smirk. "I like to stay updated around the house. It's something I'm vain about." 

Turning up the flirting, the contractor replied with a charming smile, "It's okay; I like it when people keep up their appearances on the outside." There was a mischievous twinkle in Ken's eyes as he watched the cervine walk towards the sink and push the nozzle upward to let a cool stream of water flow outward and into the glass. 

Jason cleared his throat with a blush as the glass steadily filled itself upward, his body having to lean a bit over to get towards the sink. "I like to give the impression that I have everything together," Jason chuckled in an attempt to deflect the comment. Although Jason read the statement before as an affectionate gesture, the now curious client wanted to test the waters a bit to make sure he was getting the proper signals. 

"Well, you seem to have EVERYTHING together," Ken said with another deep rumble as he leaned against the counter casually. His body laid against the countertops while he slanted over as if posing for the younger male. Jason walked back and handed him the glass of water. "Thank you," he replied before taking a swig at it.

Jason watched silently as the dragon took a big gulp from the glass water, almost oddly fixated on watching the water go down his throat and into his broad chest that was on full display for him. He was so transfixed that he didn't notice he was staring again. 

"You like them?" Ken asked casually.

Jason's face flushed red with embarrassment upon realizing he was caught staring. "Y-yeah! I take it working all the time gives you a great workout?"

The dragon chuckled before flexing a bicep for Jason. An almost silent gasp escaped the Jason's lips upon seeing the raw muscle flex in front of him. "You could say that. I've been in the business for five years now. I've done all sorts of work at this point. Roofing, patio, water works," he glanced at Jason then said in a mischievous tone, "Wood work." He placed the glass of water back down the counter. "You could say I'm good with my hands. I am a handyman after all."

Although the joke was very corny, Jason found himself laughing along with Ken as his positive demeanor was infectious. "How about you?" Ken asked. "What do you do for a living?"

"A-accounting," Jason managed to sputter out as he watched the dragon's muscles expand outward as if living, breathing creatures themselves. "I work for a nice firm...up north in the city." Jason felt like he could cut the sexual tension with a knife as Ken gave a small smirk. 

"Oh, I see," Ken said with that same charming attitude as he looked around the kitchen and then outside to the backyard. The yard was spacious, but surrounded by a long, tall brown fence that cut out sight from the neighbors. "Interesting. So a numbers guy, huh?" 

Jason nodded as he watched Ken lifted the glass of water up to his lips to take a long swig. Some of the crystal clear water managed to slip past the bear of a male's lips and drip down over his chest. The droplets rolled down the broad expanse until they made it to Ken's abs and rolled over his treasure trail. The droplets journey ended abruptly in the crotch of the contractor's jeans. 

"Oh damn it," Ken said, feeling the water seep into his lower half. He placed the glass of water back on the counter and wiped his chest off with the towel he had on his neck. After a few minutes of careful wiping, he managed to get everything in order. "So, uh," Ken cleared his throat. "I'm done for the day, Jason. I'll be heading back now and getting things ordered for tomorrow. Unless you have anything else you want me to take care of," he winked at his client, "I should be taking my leave. Same time tomorrow then?" 

Jason shuddered as he looked at the stud's powerful upper body and looked up into Ken's ocean blue eyes and noticed there was a twinkle in them. It was mischievous and playful, and he wondered if there was something hidden in there. Jason let his emotions show through his own expression and although he was embarrassed by it, his desires could be deciphered through his glassy gaze. 

Shrugging, the male leaned against the countertop, his back pressing against the cool granite and he said, "Well...if there is nothing else to be done, I'll just let you come back tomorrow." Jason gave a warm smile up at Ken, his expression somewhat hiding his own lusts.

"I can think of a few..." Ken said in a lowly tone. 

The two locked eyes for that brief moment. Jason's heart pounded in his chest. He never lusted after someone so badly before, and the sexual tension was so thick he could barely breath in it. A mischievous grin briefly showed itself across Ken's face before going back to his classic warm smile as he said, "...that I can always attend to tomorrow." The contractor moved to the side and adjusted his toolkit around his waist. "I'll be taking my leave now, Mr. Greenswood. I will catch you tomorrow."

And with that, the stud left, carrying his toolbox with him and making his way to the front door. Jason followed after him and watched through the windows as the dragon climbed into the truck that was parked at the front of his house. A few minutes later, he drove away, leaving Jason by his lonesome.

"Fuck!" he cried out, a mixture of giddiness, frustration and excitement. "What am I getting into?" Without even thinking, Jason made his way towards the bathroom, opening up the door and closed it behind him. He walked over to the sink and opened the tap water, proceeding to wash his face.

He stepped out a few minutes later, taking deep breaths. He glanced back up at the clock and saw that it was already noon. 

Waiting for the next day to come was going to feel like torture for him.

When the next morning came, Jason was ready for Ken's arrival at 7:30 am. He paced excitedly around the room clad in black gym shorts and a lime green tee shirt that showed off the patches of black hair that were around his body. He made sure to gel his hair, and adjust the parts that were sticking up. Although the outfit was much less formal, he wanted to feel casual around Ken. 

And he also wanted easy access just in case it got heated. 

When Jason noticed a large Dodge Ram truck pulling up into the driveway and Ken hopping out of it, the deer smiled brightly. His smiled widened even more when he noticed that the dragon was alone. 

Walking up to the door, Ken gave the front door a couple of knocks and Jason did not hesitate to open it up. Ken stood in all his glory; a tight white shirt highlighting his upper body along with more faded and ripped jeans. The same toolbelt was around his waist. "Hello Mr. Greenwood. Are you ready for some new tile?" Ken said with a cheerful smile. "Also, I didn't get the other person to help out today. He called in sick. He's down with something bad. I don't think you'll mind though...one less person to walk around your house." 
