 I do a lot of my work out of my home office. There are advantages of working from home. I was taking a break in the morning, sitting on my balcony, which is enclosed, and sipping a cup of coffee. I heard the gardeners starting to work and I noticed the young man who was running the weed eater. I watched him move around the trees and into the parking lot. I had seen them working before but hadn't paid that much attention to them in the past.

This day was different. It was a beautiful day, warm and sunny. I watched him for a few minutes and then read a bit of the paper. The next time I looked up, he had taken his shirt off and was only wearing a short pair of shorts. He was sweating and his skin glistened in the sunlight. It was the way he was moving that caught my attention. Every time he would make a swipe with the weed eater, his back muscles would ripple and his hips would sway with the motion. I noticed that his shorts would ride up a bit when he swayed back and forth and I could almost see his buttocks. 

I watched him move around the parking lot and he started towards the walks and bushes right under my balcony. He was, I would estimate, about 25 and had a very good physique. I could see his muscles ripple when he walked and he held himself very erect. I watched him until he was close enough that I could see him more clearly.

He was blue eyed and basically, looked like a model as he was very good looking and he moved with a certain grace that made him attractive. It had not been since college that I had had any feelings towards men but as I watched him move and work, I realized that I was getting an erection. I sat back and took full advantage of the enclosed balcony to watch him.

It must have been about an hour later that I saw him starting to clean up and he bent over to pick some of the grass shaving off the ground. He was right in front of me, facing away and when he bent over, I could see the crack between his cheeks. I ran my tongue over my lips absent mindedly as I watched him and the thoughts going through my mind were many. I knew that I wanted to see more of him and decided that I would come up with a plan to meet him. 

The next day, I looked out and there he was again only this time he was working in the dense bushes off my neighbor's place. I watched him as he disappeared from view but I could hear the weed eater's motor. He seemed to be out of sight for quite a while and suddenly, I noticed my neighbor, walking towards the spot the young man went into. He looked around to see if anyone was watching him and not seeing anyone, he entered the bushes. I still heard the motor running and after about twenty minutes, the young man came out into view again. He had his shirt off and was wiping his face with it as he came out of the bushes. About five minutes later, my neighbor came out too and he was adjusting his pants as he walked back to his condo. This got my attention and I was curious about what I had just seen.

Later that day. I saw my neighbor leaving the parking lot and I decided to see what the attraction was in the bushes. I walked slowly over to the spot and looked around. I didn't see anyone and the gardeners were working around the front of the building. I quickly stepped into the bushes and found a slightly worn path to follow. I walked a little further and the path came to a small clearing. I looked around it and noticed the grass had been cut. I walked around the clearing, checking out every little nook and didn't see anything out of place. There were other paths leading away from the clearing and I explored all of them. They didn't really lead anywhere so I ended up back where I had started. I took a last look around and turned to leave.

I had just taken a step when I heard a branch snap. I quickly looked around and then heard someone coming along the path. I didn't want to get caught so I ducked under a big fir tree and tried to hide behind its large trunk. I had just settled down when the young gardener came out into the clearing. I watched him as he looked around for an instant and then he started to take his shirt off. I gasped quietly as I watched his muscular body come into view. He dropped his shirt and bent over to undo his shoes. He pulled them and his socks off together. As I watched him, my mind was racing and my cock was starting to rise again.

He then pulled his shorts down and I got my first look at his cock. It was semi hard and as he made a makeshift bed out of his clothes, I could see his cock growing in length and hardness. It was one of the biggest cocks I had ever seen and I watched him as he took another quick look around and then settled down on his clothes on his back, his hard cock sticking straight up in the air. He lay there not moving as if he was waiting for something or someone. 

After a few minutes, he took hold of his cock in his hand and slowly started to rub it. His hand moved slowly, over its head. then down and back, up its length. He moved slowly for quite a while and as he got more excited, his hand started to move faster up and down his cock. He was groaning louder now and I watched him fist himself faster and faster. He suddenly grunted and his cock spewed out his milky white cum. He spurted cum almost half way across the clearing. He came in great globs and he milked it until he stopped coming. He lay back and rested for a minute or so and then stood up to get dressed. He looked directly in my direction before he picked up his shorts and put them on. I watched him get completely dressed and as he was leaving, he turned and half smiled in my direction as if he was saying, I know you are watching. 

I stayed there for a few minutes after he was gone and thought about what I had just witnessed. I could still picture in my mind, the hardness of him and the length of his cock. I remembered the veins running the length of his cock and the head, so round and bulbous. I could still see the head disappearing in his hand as he pumped his cock to orgasm. I looked around and found where his come had landed and was fascinated by the length his sperm had flown when he came.

I suddenly realized where I was and decided that I had better get out of there so I quickly left the clearing and slowly walked back to my condo, hoping that I wasn't being observed. A little later, I watched my neighbor return and when he got out of his car, I swear he looked directly at me although I knew he couldn't see me from where he was.

I became almost obsessed by what I had seen and spent most of the next few days watching the bushes and saw the gardener and my neighbor enter and exit the bushes quite a few times. I waited a few days before going back to my spot in the bushes. I always waited until I felt no one was around to see me and quickly took my position in the bushes so no one could see me. I thought I was being clever but what I didn't know was that both the gardener and my neighbor knew I was there.

I watched both men come and go several times and watched as they emptied their cocks onto the ground. My neighbor was well endowed also and he had a large set of balls too. I watched both men jackhammer their cocks with their hands and saw their sperm flying across the clearing each time. Each time either of them left the clearing, they looked in my direction and half smiled. Being a little naïve, thinking that they couldn't see me, I enjoyed watching the two men. 

Finally, one day as I was perched in my hiding spot, watching my neighbor, I got caught or maybe, was finally caught. After he had come, he looked over at my spot and smiled. "I know you are enjoying watching but why don't you come out and join me," he said, looking directly at me. I knew that I had been caught and I hesitantly, stood up and worked my way out of my hiding spot into the clearing. He was standing in the middle, completely naked, his clothes on the ground at his feet. "I've really enjoyed having you watch me," he said. "You've made me very horny every time just knowing you were there and watching me come. Now that you've watched me so many times, why don't you let me watch you." I didn't move and didn't say anything either. I couldn't take my eyes off his large cock as it dangled between his spread legs. I could see some drops of come still hanging on to it and I wanted to reach out and pull his cock into my mouth, but I still didn't move. 

He made the first move. He took the few steps over to me and took hold of my hands. He pulled me into the middle of the clearing and ran his hand down the front of my pants to my hard cock straining against my pants. I groaned as he rubbed my cock through my pants and slowly started to undo my zipper. He reached in gently and pulled my cock out of my pants. I stood looking in my eyes as he did and I think he knew he had me in his control, as he rubbed my cock up and down its length, making it harder. "Have you ever been with another man,' he asked softly. All I could do was nod slightly, the feeling of his hand on my cock overwhelming. "Would you like me to help you or do you want to do it all yourself," he asked. I didn't move and just stood enjoying his manipulation.

"Let me help," he said. He quickly fell to his knees in front of me and I felt his mouth engulf my straining cock. 

I quickly remembered the first time a man had blown me and remembered the feeling. I took hold of his head and started to move him back and forth on my cock. I felt his tongue swirling around the head of my cock and his teeth, gently rubbing against my shaft as he pulled my cock fully into his mouth. Unfortunately, it didn't take long for me to start spurting my come into his mouth. He groaned when he felt my warm come across his tongue and he licked and lapped at my cock, trying to catch every drop. He sucked on my cock until I was finished coming and then swallowed all of it. He stood up and grinned at me.

"Thank you," was all I could say as he started to put his clothes back on. He gave me a wink and left me standing there, with my cock hanging out of my pants and a grin on my face. I waited for a few minutes and then went back to my condo. When I got inside, I realized that I had another erection and didn't waste any time stripping off my clothes and jack hammering my cock until I came again. My come flew across the balcony and hit the wall opposite me. After settling down, I cleaned off the wall and just sat, remembering and reliving the day.

I didn't go back to my hiding spot for a few days but watched my neighbor and the gardener, enter and exit the bushes, several times. Every time I saw them enter the bushes, I got an erection and thought about the day with my neighbor. As I watched them leave the bushes, I would have my cock in my hand, rubbing it up and down until I came. Finally, I couldn't wait any longer and after seeing my neighbor leave the bushes, I walked over and nonchalantly entered the clearing. I looked around and found come all over the ground. Just then I heard the gardener working with the weed eater again and he was getting closer. I quickly ducked into my hiding spot and waited.

He entered the clearing and looked around then started to cut the grass. I could see his buttocks straining under his shorts as he cut the grass and I remembered how muscular it was and instantly was hard. He put the weed eater down at the edge of the clearing and stripped off his clothes. He looked directly at me and holding his large cock in his hand, smiled. "Why don't you come out and help me this time," he said, still smiling. I couldn't resist the invitation and walked boldly into the clearing. 

I didn't hesitate this time. I walked right over to him and wrapped my hand around his straining monster. I could hardly get my hand around its girth, it was so thick. He groaned when I started rubbing my hand up and down its length, closing his eyes. I rubbed his cock for a few minutes and then fell to my knees, taking him into my mouth. I couldn't get much of it into my mouth, it was so large and wide. He held my head and started slowly thrusting his hips back and forth, fucking my mouth. I just held on to him and let him work his cock in and out of my mouth. I felt it twitch and I knew I was going to taste him very soon.

He came in a great gush and his warm come splashed across my tongue and down my throat. I almost gagged at the amount of come but I managed to swallow quickly as he cock spurted into my mouth several times. I licked and sucked on him until he was finished and then slowly took the monster out of my mouth. I looked up at him and he was smiling. "Thank you," he said. "That felt great. Any time you want you can have my cock." "I'd like that," I answered quickly and with that, he picked up his clothes and got dressed. With a quick kiss and a smile, he turned and left me alone in the clearing. 

The next day my phone rang and it was my neighbor calling. He asked me if I would like to come over as he had something to discuss with me. I agreed and arrived at his door a few minutes later. He ushered me in and offered me a coffee. As we sat and drank our coffee, he started. "Now that I know you enjoy cock so much, how would you like to get it on a regular basis?" he asked. I didn't quite know what to say but I told him to continue. "Well, I was thinking that the two of us could meet on a regular basis for a little cock sucking and was wondering if you would be interested." he said. I was a little taken back by his boldness but I was interested, very interested. "No more hiding in the bushes, just the two of us and our mouths," he continued. "When and where?" I asked. "Well, we could start here or at your place, whichever you would prefer," he said. 

By now, both of our cocks were swelling and pushing against our pants. He looked over at my crotch and said, "It looks like you want to start here, I see." I looked down and then over at his bulge and simply nodded. We both stood up at the same time and melted into each other's arms, kissing and swirling our tongues in each other's mouth. We stripped quickly and spent the rest of the afternoon, sucking and licking each other. We filled each other's mouth at least four times that day and after getting home, all I could think about and taste was him. I instantly was hard again.

In one of our sessions, the gardener came up in the conversation. I told him about sucking his big cock and how it filled my mouth. He got hard again just listening to me describe my time with the huge cock. He sucked me off again and we continued for a long time after that, discussing the gardener and how we could include him in our love making. 

The next time the gardener was working on the grounds, the two of us watched him from my neighbor's balcony. His balcony wasn't enclosed but was sheltered by as lot of trees from the view of the other condos. As we watched the gardener work, we rubbed each other's cock and I leaned down and sucked him off, making him groan loudly when he came in my mouth. We decided that the direct approach would be the best way so we waited until we saw the gardener enter the bushes. We got dressed and walked over and into the bushes, coming to the clearing quickly. There was the gardener flat on his back, his cock sticking straight up in the air and he was pumping his hand up and down its length slowly. He started when we appeared but didn't move. He kept slowly pumping his cock as he watched us. We were staring at his giant rod and it wasn't long before we were on our knees, licking and sucking on him together. He grunted loudly when he came and he splashed his come all over us. My neighbor and I tried to gobble up as much of his come as we could and licked and sucked his cock until he was finished. 

When he was finished, the two of us sat back and he was looking at us with a big grin on his face. "You know, I wondered how long it was going to be before you two took advantage of this place and met me here," he said. "I have been waiting for a long time to get together with the two of you and finally, you made the move. I was beginning to think that maybe I was wrong about the two of you." 

He looked at me and said, "I knew you would be back for more of my cock but I wasn't sure about your friend. Now that I know both of you are into cock sucking, we should spend more time together, don't you think?" I looked at my neighbor and then back at the gardener. "That is why we are here,' I said. He just grinned and we helped him get dressed, all the time running our hands up and down his thighs and his cock. We agreed to meet the next day at my neighbor's place and the gardener left us alone. 

My neighbor and I went back to his place and sucked each other's cocks until we filled each other's mouth again and again. After I got back to my place, all I could think about was the next day and what was in store. I got up early the next morning and had a shower and made sure I shaved closely. I was ready to go when I heard the gardener's truck pull up in the parking lot below. I looked out and he was heading for the entrance to the condos.

I met him there and accompanied him up to my neighbor's place, knocking on the door quickly. I was shaking in anticipation and finally, my neighbor opened the door and let us into his place. I was still shaking as we talked for the first few minutes and then we started. I made the first move by walking over to my neighbor and opening up the robe he was wearing. His long hard cock stuck straight out in front of him and I ran my hand up and down its length as I kissed him passionately. I felt the gardener come up behind me and join in, by reaching around and grabbing my hard cock with his hand. He leaned against me as he rubbed my cock slowly up and down. 

We stayed together for a few more minutes before I bent over to take my neighbor's cock in my mouth. The next thing I felt was the gardener's tongue on my ass hole, licking and sucking on it. The feeling of having my ass being licked and sucked spurred me onto sucking the hard cock in my mouth, harder and faster. I was enjoying being the center of attention, so to speak, and I next felt his fingers probing my hole. I took the cock out of my mouth and turned to the gardener, who was on his knees, his face buried in my ass. "I don't know if I'm ready for some ass fucking," I said. He leaned back and just smiled at me. "You'll love it," he said and he bent forward again and I felt his tongue on my hole. 

I turned around and took my neighbor's cock into my mouth again. I was shaking a little by now in anticipation of being fucked but was thinking that maybe I didn't want to be sandwiched either. I felt the gardener's finger pushing against my hole and he slipped it through my splinter. It hurt a little but without moving it, he allowed me to get used to it. He then pumped it in and out of my ass slowly and steadily. He added a finger and I had two fingers up my ass, fucking me. I can't describe the feeling. It was a mixture of pain and warmth. I had never had anything in my ass before but I was enjoying it as I started to push back against his fingers as he continued to fuck me. 

Finally, after a long time, it seemed, I felt the gardener's cock head pushing against my hole. It took a lot of pressure before the head finally entered me. I spit the cock out of my mouth and let out a loud yelp. The pain was almost over whelming. I half turned towards the gardener to tell him to stop when he pushed his large cock further up my canal. Again I yelped but I also felt how full it was making me and I felt its warmth. Without waiting, he kept pushing his hard cock up into my ass until he had the full length of it inside me. Now he stopped and rested or waited for me to tell him to go ahead and fuck me. 

I could feel my heart and head pounding as he held himself deep inside me. The pain was subsiding and I was beginning to feel like I wanted him to fuck me. I turned my head and looked at him. He had a slight grin on his face but also a look of determination. I wanted to tell him what it felt like to have his giant cock up my ass but all that came out of my mouth was "Fuck Me." He started to pull his cock out again and I felt its ripples along the sides of my canal. He then pushed it back in again, slowly, and I pushed back against him. He picked up speed and I turned back to the hard cock that was still pointing at my mouth. I engulfed the cock and the gardener started fucking me as hard as he could with great thrusts in and out of me. 
