 Author's Note: Many thanks to your fellow readers' inspirational comments and up-votes, below is the second free-standing installment of the Working It Out series. I hope you enjoy reading it even half as much as I did writing it. 

*****

Normally, my morning commute is incredibly frustrating, what with all the traffic, texting drivers not aware of the green light right in front of them, and stress of making it to work on time. This morning, however, I was on cloud nine.

Yesterday, on my work at home day, my wife came home while I was on the phone with the boss. She saw the open folder of outdoor porn on my computer, and probably a few others as well. Instead of flipping out at the, shall we say, diverse sexual interests the saved files exposed, Sarah decided to help me work it out. 

I'm not gay. It's just every once in a while I need to rub one out to various fantasies. Usually, it's one and done and I go back to more standard porn. Lately though, cock has become an obsession. 

Even when watching straight porn, I find myself focusing entirely on the cocks. When I've been reading straight porn, cuckold stuff, whatever, it's the description of dick, throbbing squirting cocks, that makes me pop. 

As I drove, I kept turning over what Sarah said last night when she was helping me work it out. Sometimes even totally straight guys "Just, once in a while, they need to squirt that little bit of gay out that everybody has and then their good and straight again."

And did she work it out last night! Sarah got me to admit my most intimates, to actually speak my fantasies out loud. And it led to the most mind blowing orgasm of my life. And also the best sleep I've had in months. 

Back on the straight and narrow, no harm, no foul, just some fantastic dirty talk and a 

mind blowing orgasm. My wife rocks!

But, as you probably guessed by now with all the text below this line, this isn't the end of this story. Not by a long shot. 

I was in an all-day meeting today. A cramped conference room full of egotistical executives trying to prove they're the smartest person in the room. Insufferable. Rather than endure the pain, I did what any self-respecting person would do: daydreamed. 

At first it was just hiking, mountains, the great outdoors. My wife Sarah with me. In a tent that night. Then her teasing my cock and making me admit more of my desires and fantasies. My favorite dick sizes, shapes, colors. Precum or sperm. Where inside me I most desperately needed it. Wasn't long before I had totally forgotten where I was, other than rock hard and desperate to rub one out. 

In other words, it was a long, hard day. I was horny as fuck and ready to get the hell outta Dodge. Then my mobile buzzed it's happy buzz for a text from Sarah. I took a quick peek while people were focused on some jackass on the other side of the conference table. 

"dinner out?"

I was up alright, and hoping for a naughtier text to come. 

"sure!" I tapped back. 

"redolphos @6?"

"cya then!"

When I entered Redolphos, which was mostly empty, my Sarah was already seated at a four-top table. I sat next to her, as always. 

"Hi hon? How was your day?" she asked. 

"Long. Hard." I replied honestly, on all levels. 

"Think about the big-D today or are you good now?"

I blushed and glanced around hoping nobody overheard her. 

"Oh, my poor sweetie" she said consolingly, "still in heat."

Only for a brief moment did I try to come up with some kind of denial. Honesty had proven so amazing last night, why fuck with a beautiful thing? I nodded yes. 

"Good to see you again" our waiter said to Sarah as he approached.

"Hi Rick! This is my husband." 

"Hi" I said cheerfully. I've been a waiter. It's a tough job. I respect and appreciate the work. Oh, and never piss off a waiter, but that's a whole 'nother story. He took our drink order and dashed off. 

"He's a swimmer by the looks of him, and those tight shorts." Sarah observed. 

"Hmm" I replied, not terribly interested in the speculation. 

"C'mon, seriously? You didn't spy a look? He's got an impressive package."

I was more than a little stunned. Dudes just don't go checking out another guy's package. 

"Ah, so only fantasy cock?" 

Again I blushed at her public use of the word and, if anyone overheard, revealing my recent predilection. 

"It's ok, really. You oughtta check it out. It's most impressive."

I changed the subject and we chatted about her day for a bit before Rick returned with our drinks. 

"So Rick, we were just speculating. Are you a swimmer?" Sarah asked. She tapped me on my knee as she spoke. 

Was she inviting me to steal a peek? 

"Absolutely. Butterfly. Hold the university record, actually!" he replied gleefully, delighted to share his achievement. 

I looked of course. It's impossible not to look at the elephant when you tell yourself not to look at it. It was impressive. His tight shorts outlined it perfectly. Big cockhead, thick shaft. 

My mouth watered. 

Sarah began caressing my cock through my slacks as they continued talking. I have no idea how long. I was entranced, the only thought being "am I willing that thing to get bigger?"

"Hear that Honey? Olympic tryouts!" Sarah declared excitedly. 

I looked up at "Honey" and saw that I was cold busted. Rick had been looking directly at me. he'd seen me staring at his cock. He winked at me. I'm sure I blushed a bit. 

"That's fantastic!" I replied, not meaning the double entrendre. At least not consciously. 

They both giggled a bit knowing full well what was on my mind. 

After we ordered and were alone, Sarah stated matter-of-factly "Rick totally saw you lick your lips, ya know."

"I did not" I protested, but almost questioningly. 

"Sure you did. When you were drinking in the sight of his cock. You lick... see, right there, you're doing it again even at the memory of it!"

Fuck. I totally was. 

"Sweetie, you've got the cock lust bad. Maybe you should just offer to suck him off. Get it out of your system, work it out."

"It's just a fantasy Sarah. I'm not"

She cut me off. "Okay, okay. But if you change your mind, I get to watch. Deal?"

My mind lit up with the full technicolor scene. Me, on my knees before this almost-olympian's cock, mouth open, begging to be filled. 

"It's be sooo sexy to watch you two. Two hot guys, getting each other off. You, pleasuring his penis, sating your own desires, earning that hot pulsing reward." As she spoke, she began rubbing my cock with gusto. 

She watched me as my skin became flushed, my heartbeat racing, until a family was seated next to us. 

"Well, I think we have a lot more work to do" she finally added before changing the subject to more eavesdropper-appropriate fare. 

Ch. 2

"OK if I drive? I have somewhere I think we should stop by on the way home."

"Sure" I replied non-commitally. I was more than a little uncomfortable after having gotten so worked up without release at the restaurant. 

She turned into a parking lot several blocks later. 'Nick's Arcade and Novelties' the sign said. 

"A hoo-hoo store?" I asked the obvious. 

"Uh-huh" she replied, "told ya I had an idea." 

The myriad options of what she had in mind raced before my eyes. Was she going to take me to the arcade? Cajole me into sucking a real cock? Anonymous dick, through a glory hole? Images of my favorite glory hole pics flashed before me, video clips of spurting cocks, bareback sex. The sound of a zipper brought me back to reality. Sarah was taking out my now hard cock. 

"Parking lot's kinda empty. Maybe we should wait a spell?" she said in a more tell-than-ask kind of way. 

"Mmm" was my response as her hot wet mouth took me in. I watched her, transfixed, as her hand pumped the base of my dick, her tongue swirled around my cockhead. She looked up at me and winked. 

"Jealous, aren't you?" she said, again more of statement than question. She went back to work, putting on quite a show. After several minutes, as I was getting close to exploding into her mouth, she stopped abruptly and kissed me deeply on the mouth. I greeted her eagerly. 

"Mmm" she said as she pulled away. "Cock flavored. You like?"

I did. Very much. The precum she'd clearly been saving up coated my tongue. "Yes, I love it" I admitted, hoping for more. 

"Yay!" she replied as she tucked me in and zipped me up. 

"Wait, what?!" I silently protested. 

"Let's go in and see what's to see." And with that, she dashed out of the car. I quickly followed, heart racing, cock rock hard in my pants. 

"Welcome!" the woman behind the counter cheerfully greeted. The store was bright, clean, incredibly fancy for a porn shop, and filled with various and sundry racks and cases of sex toys. 

"Nice place!" Sarah replied, clearly as impressed as I was. We'd been to a couple porn shops before, years ago, that were really seedy. 

"Thanks! Almost our grand re-opening. Going toys and tech!" 

"Toys and tech?" I asked, forgetting my obvious hard-on before I spoke. 

"Yep. Gone are the old arcade booth days. We're geeking out. VR all the way. Wanna see?" 

Sarah and I nodded yes, I'd heard about VR porn. But why would someone go to a porn shop to see VR when they could toss off in the comfort of their own home?

A red velvet rope square surrounded an open space in the store. A framed poster on a stand announced 'VR-X 8K AI, The future of porn. The future of pleasure'. On a stand next to the rope was an impressive all-glass computer case. The internals glowed and pulsed with red LEDs. I'm no IT guy, but even I could tell the thing was a true beast. Multiple video cards, liquid cooled, silent red led fans spinning wildly. 

A thick cable ran from the box to what looked like a welder's helmet designed by a famous Parisian fashion house. Solid, yet elegant. A monitor displayed a slowly spinning 3D-like VR-X 8K AI graphic 

"This definitely ain't your teens VR rig" she said braggingly. "Full eight K, 60 frames per second, to each eye! The rig that drives it" she pointed to the glowing red computer case, "consumes two kilowatts. Crazy powerful rig. Nearly ten grand just for it. Twenty for the 8K helmet. And the AI, well, my brother in silicon valley won't say how much that cost to develop. But it's freaking sweet. Wanna try? Only a demo right now, we're still building content."

I honestly don't know much of what that meant; only that it was as impressive as it was expensive. 

"He'd love to!" Sarah volunteered. 

I didn't object. This I had to see. 

The store owner unlatched the velvet rope and invited me into the center of the empty square. She grabbed the helmet and approached me. 

"Prepare to have your world rocked!" she said delightedly before gently putting the helmet on my head. 

The world went dark and silent as the helmet slipped on. It fit snugly over my ears. When the blue screen came on there was plenty of space in front of my eyes. Not claustrophobic at all. 

Then... OMG, the screen lit up. To say it was vivid would be a colossal understatement. It looked absolutely real. A white picket fenced suburban house was in front of me, birds chirping. All in perfectly realistic 3D. 

"Welcome to the future!" a booming voice said. 

A middle-aged well-dressed man walked out of the house with a jet pack on. He happily pushed a button and the thing spooled up. Just as he was about to take off, a white delivery van pulled up. Excitedly, he yanks the jet pack off as he dashes towards the van. As the driver opens the back door, the man dropped his jet pack next to the trash can at the curb. The driver hands him a large box emblazoned with 'VR-X 8K AI' and a picture of the helmet I was now wearing. 

"The future... of porn!" the booming voice announced. The screen then dissolved into a kind of loading room. Three doors appeared. 

On the first door, the 3D animated poster attached was labeled "Cuckoldry". A hotwife, I admit I'm a fan of the genre, was getting doggie-styled by a ripped tan stud.

The second door was labeled "Tranny". The incredibly sexy gurl on the poster danced in a semi-transparent negligée, her semi-hard cock bobbing erotically beneath the material. 

The third door was labeled simply "Cock". A gorgeous and meaty penis throbbing and ejaculating on its poster. 

The disembodied voice of the store owner piped into my helmet. "These are the most common fantasies of married men. It's kind of a choose your own adventure. Have fun!!"

I'd like to tell you that I hesitated in my choice. But that'd just be the shame talking. Maybe on a different day. A different month, honestly. Right now, I wanted the cock. If felt good to admit that. I eagerly and instantly pointed right at that exploding dick. 

The door opened and the space around me resolved into what could best be described as the kind of home gym a jock might build if they won a couple hundred million in the lottery. The equipment was as complete as it was sexy. It felt like I could walk over to the bench and actually start pumping iron. 

A door opened and a superhero walked in. Not in tights or anything, he was wearing an elegant light white robe and matching boxers, complete with slits up the sides. It was his body, it was full-on superhero shaped. He rubbed his sandy blond hair with a white towel as he approached me. 

"Well, hello there!" he greeted me. 

I waved, unsure of what to do. 

"It's okay, you don't have to look me in the eyes. I didn't build this body for it to be ignored. Like what you see?" He struck a pose, arms up, flashing some impressive muscles beneath his robe. 

"Wanna see my glutes? Been working on those today" he explained, invitingly as he waved me closer. 

I stepped forward and leaned around to take a quick glance. He drew his robe to the side and flexed his butt muscles. 

"Nice" I said before standing upright again, looking him in the eyes. 

He opened his robe exposing his boxers. Again, the elephant in the room. I looked. I couldn't not. 

"That's it. Show me what you want" he said appreciatively. 

"Mmm" I moaned a little, licking my lips at the sight. His cock was... magnificent. As meaty and massive as his body. The beast was growing as I visually took it in!

"That's it. My cock likes to be worshipped" he added as his cock continued swelling, the head peeking out. 

"OMG," I thought, "peekaboo cock, my favorite!" I reached out, I needed to touch it!

He stepped back a bit, teasingly, as he said "look, but don't..." he touched his peekaboo cockhead, dipping his finger in precum, "touch" he added, bringing his nectar covered finger to his tongue. 

I wimpered as I dropped to my knees. 

"That's it, worship that cock" he rewarded me as he slipped his thumbs under the elastic of his boxers. 

I bit my lip in expectation. I wanted to see that cock. No, I needed it. More than anything. 

He slowly pulled his boxers down allowing his now fully erect member to stand tall. 

My jaw dropped. My mouth watered. I leaned forward. 

The room and the cock of my dreams dissolved before me. Someone began lifting the helmet off of me. As my eyes adjusted to the bright lights of the store, I realized that a) I was on my knees, b) my cock was in my hand, exposed for anyone in the store to see, and c) the superhero from the VR-X film was standing right in front of me with the helmet in his hands. 

I didn't have to look up to know that. I'd recognize the bulge in his pants anywhere. 

Oh, and my jaw was open again too. And yes, I was licking my lips. 

As I kneeled there, as turned on as I was embarrassed, I heard the girls giggling. 

"Wow, you weren't kidding! He's definitely got the cock lust!" the owner woman said. 

"I know, right?" my wife replied. "Sweetie, why don't you pull up your pants before anyone walks in." 

I did as instructed and stood up. 

"I'm Nick. Glad you liked the film! Was the AI believable?" 

He must be the other owner. "AI?" I wondered. "Oh, shit!" it finally occurred to me "the fucking film was interactive!"

"Um, yeah!" I stated astonished as I struggled to keep my train of thought from falling into Nick's ghost-blue eyes. Hadn't noticed them earlier, I was so focused on getting at that beautiful cock of his. 

"I think we need to swap the ropes for a curtain Nick" his wife added, still giggling. 

"Lotta work went into that AI. Lotta takes filming too, all the choices, alternate paths. Kind of a choose your own adventure deal" he explained as he placed the helmet back on top of the computer rig. "Now the best part, your results!"

"Results?!" my mind boggled. "This was a test?!"

The VR-X monitor displayed bursting fireworks. "A new record, and a perfect 10!" it read before flipping to a test results screen. 

"Kink:" the top line read, "Submissive Cockslut!" 

"Time to total cock submission: 53 seconds," the next read, adding in big bold letters "a new record!"

"Attraction to the male body: 2/10, nominal"

"Attraction to cock: 10/10, absolute cock lust!" read the last line, with "absolute cock lust!" in big bold animated letters. 

"Just like I told ya, he's a bitch in heat for cock right now!" Sarah declared. 

"So, did you like what you saw?" Nick asked me. I reflexively looked down at his sadly clothed cock. "I meant the machine..." he added. He was grinning proudly when I looked back up at his eyes. 

"Fucking fantastic" I replied, still hard as steel. 

"How much would you pay, to explore VR-X in a booth?" he motioned towards the back wall. Unfinished wallboard hid what was behind it, but I imagined large private VR-X booths being constructed back there. 

Without thinking, I blurted out "A c-note if you've got a working one back there right now!" 

Nick laughed heartily as he responded "Hear that hon? Your bro and us are gonna be rich!"

He looked back at me seriously before adding "My wife and I are in the cuckold demo. It's pretty hot. We're working on green-screening so if you bring in some photos of your wife the AI'll map her face on my wife's body. You could watch me bang her, wouldn't that be hot?!" 

"This guy's gonna be rich" I thought in full agreement. 

"Fuck yeah" I replied, again dropping my eyes to his cock. My head filled with the image of Nick's superhero cock filling Sarah in a VR-X booth. Me, on my knees again, furiously pumping my cock and dying to have a lick. 

My slacks were wet with precum.

"Well, there's one more thing you can try before going all-in, since rubbing it out clearly hasn't worked" Nick's wife said to my wife. 

"Hey, hon?" Sarah called to me, "Pick out a couple collars. One for under your dress shirt, one with a clip for a leash." 

"I recommend two sizes. The normal size is important to start with" Nick's wife continued explaining to my wife. 

I looked at Nick inquisitively, I clearly missed something. 

"The ladies were talking during your demo" he said, beckoning me to follow him towards some product racks on the back wall. "She's got something good planned. You're gonna love it. But in your current state..." he paused in front of a section of wall displaying various collars and matching leashes, "well, ya can't just have an unleashed bitch in heat running around can ya?" he said matter-of-factly with a broad smile at the end. 

"Something outdoorsy?" he asked, handing me a black collar with silver buttons on it. 

"Had Sarah told them of my forest fetish?" I wondered as I took it from Nick. I began examining the others. Something for under my shirt collar she'd said. I reached up to grab a thin white collar. It was just out of my reach. 

Then I felt it. Nick's hard cock, tucked tightly against his rock-hard abs, pressing between my slack-covered cheeks. 

"Here, let me help" he said as he reached up and pulled the collar I wanted down. 
