 This is a story that has languished on my hard drive for over a year. There's more coming...just not sure when.

*****

Have you ever been attracted to someone and repelled by them at the same time? I didn't think it was possible until I met Keith. He'd transferred in to our office from another city, and immediately became the alpha dog. He was in his mid 40's, loud, obnoxious, crude, rude...and oh so goddamn handsome. And built. He was every bit of 6'6", a muscular 270 pounds. He looked like he could pick up a car.

The women in the office looked at him with dreamy eyes. Unfortunately for me, so did I...although quietly and from a distance. I was 19, and still so deep in the closet that nobody would ever figure out that I was gay, or so I thought. I'd been attracted to men my whole life and recently had discovered those wonderful little holes between the bathroom stalls at a run-down, decrepit mall a short distance from my folk's house. 

I don't know if Keith somehow picked up my attraction or he just singled me out because of my size. I was a small guy, barely 5'5" and about 100 pounds. Plus, I was the only male working in the department. From the first day he teased me mercilessly, referring to me using names like "sweet cheeks" and "hot stuff" as he did with the women in the office. At some point, he started calling me "Mary" instead of "Martin". At first, I bristled and was going to report him to management but word spread that he was a close, personal friend of the owner and complaints wouldn't go anywhere...except maybe to the unemployment line for the person that complained.

So I tolerated his abuse, all the while secretly lusting after him. I sated my hunger for his cock by nightly trips to the mall. I imagined that every cock I sucked was his and was both thrilled and disgusted with myself about it. 

This lasted for about four months until the mall finally closed down. It had been a long time coming, and when it finally did close there was only a few stores left open in it. My wonderful place to find relief was gone, and I had no place else to go. 

I slowly went crazy for the next few weeks. I wanted COCK, I wanted big gobs of cum sliding down my throat. 

I stayed late at work one Friday. I'd spent too much time daydreaming about men and what I wanted them to do to me, and had gotten behind on several tasks. Also, I didn't really want to go home. Here at work, at least, was things that would take my mind off of things. Long things, with nice heads and full of...I shook the though out of my head.

I was just finishing up when someone spoke behind me.

"Why are you still here, sweet-cheeks?" Keith's voice rumbled. "Everyone else left an hour ago."

i jumped at the unexpected sound, then turned around. "I was supposed to have these forms finished today," I explained. 

"Very conscientious of you, Mary," he said. His pet name for me rolled easily off his lips, and a shiver ran down my spine. He set a soda can on my desk, then lowered himself into a chair. "So, Mary, tell me about yourself. I know most everyone's stories here except yours. You always seem to scamper away when there's an opportunity for you and I to talk."

"Uh...like what?" I stammered.

"Oh, I don't know. Were you born here? Brothers and sisters? Plans to go to college?" he said casually, pulling out a pack of cigarettes. He put one to his lips, then proffered the open pack to me. God, he looked so masculine right then, so manly, sitting there casually with the cigarette dangling from his mouth. I shook my head "no", and started putting the forms on my desk into a neat pile as he lit his cigarette. We weren't supposed to smoke in the office, but he didn't seem to care.

He laughed, exhaling smoke. "See? You're trying to get away right now. Sit back, and talk a while."

I wanted to run away, to flee from him despite being so damn turned on by him. I forced myself to sit back in my chair. "Well," I started nervously, "I was born and raised here, no brothers or sisters, and I hadn't really thought much beyond this job. What else would you like to know?"

He nodded, then his smile turned into a lazy grin, "That's more like it! So, when did you discover that you were gay?"

I choked. "Wha...what...I'm not..." I stammered.

"You didn't think I can see the way you look at me?" he chuckled. "You've got the biggest moon-eyes for me of anyone in this office. Hell, half the girls here pointed it out to me. They think of you as competition."

"I...I...I..." I stuttered. I didn't realize that I was being that obvious. 

"Hell, I bet if I pulled my cock out right now, you'd gobble it down like the little faggot that you are," he said, interrupting me.

"No, I..." I stammered. I wanted to object and continue my masquerade, but I knew if he DID pull his dick out, I WOULD suck it. Hell, I'd let him do anything to me that he wanted to.

He put his cigarette out in the soda can, then stood up. "I'll prove it to you," he smiled, then unzipped his pants and fished his half-hard dick out. "Just TRY to ignore it. If you can keep your lips off my dick for two minutes, I'll believe that you're not gay."

I sat there like a deer in headlights. It was RIGHT THERE, waiting for my mouth. And I so desperately wanted it. The craving kept coming in stronger and stronger waves until I finally slid out of my chair and ended up on my knees before him. 

"That's a good girl," he said, putting his hands around my head and pulling my face closer and closer to his groin. The head of his cock touched my lips, and I opened my mouth. He slid into it easily.

"Yeah," he breathed heavily. "Be a good cocksucker and suck me dry, Mary. I've got a huge load waiting for you in my balls."

I sucked hard and starting stroking his cock with my mouth. I was scared shitless, but in heaven at the same time. I couldn't believe I was doing this, realizing my fantasy about him. At one point, I was afraid it WAS a fantasy just playing out in my mind. 

My lips and tongue made love to his cock with a passion I'd never felt before. I wanted him down my throat, wanted him to proclaim that I was the best cocksucker he'd ever met. I wanted to suck the cum from his balls, swallow his load, then suck him hard again. I was lost in lust of this man, tasting his manliness, feeling the strength of his hard-on in my hand and in my mouth. 

He started breathing hard, and thrusting slightly into my mouth...I knew he was about to blow his load. I sucked his cock in a frenzy, oblivious to anything except the feel of his erupting in my mouth. Seconds later, I was rewarded. He grunted, and my mouth filled with his creamy, salty essence. I was so turned on that if I had touched my dick at that point, I would have cum in my pants.

I swallowed most of it, but some squelched out past my lips. He slowly pulled his cock out of my mouth, then tilted my head up towards him. Smiling, he said, "That's a good look for you, you know, with my cum all over your lips." Embarrassed, I stayed on my knees and looked at the floor as he stood up, put his dick back in his pants, and zipped up.

"You'll be working late again, I trust?" he asked with a smile. "Dedicated employees are rewarded around here. I plan on giving you LOTS of rewards from now on."

I nodded, but kept staring at the floor. He reached down and tilted my head back up. "Don't be like that, Mary," he said. "You're better than most women I know. Be proud of it. It's an asset that will let you go far in this company." With that said, he patted my head and ambled off. It took me a few minutes to get up off my knees and back in my chair. Kleenex took care of the cum still on my lips, and caught the huge load after I jerked off in my chair, reliving the memory of his cock in my mouth.