 Keith spent nearly every Saturday with his history teacher, Mr. Thadaropolis. In the beginning, he told his dad that he was doing yard work and running errands for his history teacher. The forty-two year old teacher was actually married and they never went near his house. Instead, they went to a little cabin that was owned by one of Mr. Thadaropolis' friends. It was almost always available but when it wasn't, they took the nearly two hour drive to head north of the city and rented a cheap motel. 

The first time that Keith saw his history teacher naked, he was disappointed. His thoughts were that he had just consented to getting fucked by a hairy beast. Keith had sucked his teacher off nearly a dozen times before the older man talked the eighteen year old student into spending Saturday night with him. Bella, (Mrs. Thadaropolis) was going to be away for the entire weekend. It was the only time that Keith had been inside his teacher's home. 

The first oral sex that Keith performed on his teacher was in a park, not far from his home. He went there often, mostly to get his own cock sucked, but once he learned that he could pick up an extra twenty dollars for giving an older man a blowjob, he discovered that it was easy money. He hadn't even known until after he had sucked his teacher to completion, who he had been with. Mr. Thadaropolis had stood far back in the woodline, away from the lit area, fondling his cock and waiting. 

Mr. Thadaropolis had been different from the others right from that first encounter. He was the first man that had kissed Keith after spewing his load into the young boy's mouth. Sometimes, guys kissed him and fondled his cock, but it seemed to be standard and customary that once they 

shot their load, they zipped up and hurried away without further contact. 

It was during the kissing that took place that Keith realized that he had just sucked off his history teacher. He had looked very different in the darkness with Levi's and a leather jacket over a white tee-shirt. He was not clean-shaven and dressed in his dress slacks, shirt and tie that Keith was used to seeing him in. 

From their first encounter, Keith knew that Mr. Thadaropolis was interested in his boypussy. The older man's hand had slipped down into the back of his own trousers and fingered his tiny little rosebud as the man held him close and probed his mouth with his tongue. 

Their second and third encounter wasn't much different than their first, but by the time they met in the park for the fourth time, Mr. Thadaropolis made it clear that he wanted to fuck Keith. 

Keith wanted to be fucked because when guys played with his ass, it felt good, but the tall Greek teacher's cock was one of the thickest he had sucked. He had hoped that when he finally agreed to take one up the ass, it would be much smaller than the nine incher that his teacher had offered. 

On their sixth encounter, Keith had gotten undressed and lay on a blanket that Mr. Thadaropois had brought with him and it was then that his teacher licked and rimmed his hole and licked his balls and sucked his cock. He ended up feeding the older man his boycum. 

It wasn't long after that night that Keith knew he was going to let his teacher fuck him. He would have even allowed it in the park had Mr. Thadaropolis pushed for it, but the teacher promised him that his first time should be in a bed. 

It took months of effort on both of their parts for the anal sex to be completly enjoyable for both. Keith didn't like the thick chest hair, the back hair, the hair on the legs. He had thought about backing out at the last minutes, it was such a turnoff to him. He had known that his teacher had a thick bush around his groin. He actually liked it. But, he didn't like the body hair. 

However, as he lay in his teacher's arms as the man kissed him so tenderly while his hands roamed over Keith's soft, boy-skin, he eventually forgot about the thick mat of body hair. Lying in the man's arms was the best feeling he had ever known in his entire life. 

Now, after several months of spending Saturday's with his teacher, Keith looked forward to them. It no longer hurt him and he was falling in love with the man. Lying quietly afterward with his lover's seed deep inside of him while they lay and 

talked, kissed and licked each other's bodies, was his favorite part of the entire week. Sometimes in the classroom as he daydreamed while Mr. Thadaropolis stood at the front of the classroom talking, his cock got hard, his little boypussy twitched and itched and he wished they could just slip into a janitor's closet or go the the car so that he could have the thick cock deep inside of him. 

Keith hadn't really known until after months of giving and getting blowjobs in the park and in the back row of a movie theatre that he had developed a strong preference for older men. The man that occupied his thoughts more than any other, was that of his father, Elden. More than anything, he wished that his father would make love to him the way that his teacher did. 

When he first told his dad that he was gay, Elden handled it well. He had only recently began to develop a decent relationship with Keith. His favorite son, fours years older than Keith, was off to college. His girlfriend of fifteen years had left him and sometimes Elden felt like Keith was all he had. Keith and the customers from his bar. 

Keith had worked hard to build a relatioship with his dad. Working long hours in the bar, keeping their apartment clean, doing some cooking from time to time and just about anything that he thought would make his thirty-nine year old daddy happy. It took years before Elden realized what a great kid he had. With Keith in his senior year of high school, he didn't look forward to graduation and ending up alone in his apartment above the bar. 

Eventually, Keith discussed his sexual feelings for his dad with him. Elden was upset in the beginning. They grew apart for a short time, but Elden's feeling softened as time went on. He knew that Keith was having sex with others, but it wasn't something they had ever discussed. When Elden got a little too much to drink one night, his plans were just to let the kid suck him off. 

Things turned out very differently than he had planned. In the midst of the best blowjob he had ever had, Keith paused long enough to ask his dad if he could spend the whole night sleeping in his bed. Elden, about ready to blow his nuts, answered with a quick 'yes' and by morning, he greased up his cock and pushed himself into Keith's willing little hole. 

Afterward, he had felt guilty and promised himself that it wouldn't happen again. He even went to a park and ended up getting a blowjob from from a young kid that resemebled his son. He started taking a woman to his bedroom with more frequency, hoping that it would satisfy his hunger. A gay customer gave him a couple of blowjobs late at night after the bar was closed. Still, he wanted Keith. 

Keith wanted Elden even more. Once, he even turned down Mr. Thadaropolis on a Saturday, hoping that he would have his second visit to the ol'

man's bed. It didn't happen. He even came right out and told Elden what he was feeling. 

"Are you ever going to let me sleep with you again, Dad?" he had asked. 

"Not a good idea," Elden mumbled. 

"God dad, you made me cum when you fucked me that morning. I was sure you liked it as much as I did. Don't you get horny? Couldn't I just give you a blowjob?" Keith pushed. 

"It ain't right. Get a boyfriend your own age," Elden had responded. 

It was a couple of weeks later that Mr. Thadaropolis learned that the cabin wasn't available and because of a stone and gem festival going on in the area, they weren't going to have a place to spend their Saturday afternoon. "You can come to my place. My dad knows. He expects me to have boyfriends," Ketih offered. 

"Yeah, maybe, but he don't expect your teacher to be fucking you," Mr. Thadaropolis quipped, slapping Keith on the butt. 

"He don't need to know you're my teacher. He's never met you. If we can't go to your place and we can't go to the cabin, do you have a better idea?" Keith asked. 

Mr. Thadaropolis decided that they would just skip the week. Keith was disappointed. He pouted a little as they talked about it in the privacy of the classroom on Friday after school. It was the first time that Mr. Thadaropolis kissed him in the classroom. 

On Saturday morning, Mr. Thadaropolis decided that he didn't want to wait a another week and called Keith just before 10:00 in the morning. "I was just getting ready to go to the park and get a blowjob," Keith said. 

There was a back entrance to the apartment, but Keith decided that he really wanted Elden to see that he was having company. With the man, being slightly older than his dad, Elden would have to know that when Keith met him in the bar and the two of them went upstairs together, just what was about to happen. 

Mr. Thadaropolis was nervous as he walked into the little neighborhood bar. It was packed with people as Keith led him through to the back of the bar to the door leading to the apartment. Once inside Keith's room, he began to relax and a short time later, Keith's small frame of only five foot four was croucing over "the hairy beast," sucking his cock while getting his ass fingered. 

Keith was often noisy with his grunts and moans while his lover fucked him. It was something that Mr. Thadaroplis liked to hear most other times, but today as Keith lay on his back with his legs high in the air as he pushed himself into Keith, he asked Keith to hold down the noise. Keith tried, but each time Mr. Thadaropolis moved him from one position to another, he moaned loudly, expressing his pleasure. 

It was nearly noon when Keith walked naked into the kithen to get them each a can of coke that Elden came up the stairs to use his private bathroom. He rarely saw Keith naked, but seeing him now and knowing that another man was having his way with him, caused his own cock to stir. 

Before heading into his bedroom, Elden paused and stared at Keith with a blank look on his face. Finally when he spoke he said, "Did you have to pick one old enough to be your dad?"

"Well, maybe if my dad took care of me like I wanted him to, I wouldn't be settling for a daddy-type," Keith quipped as he marched back to his bedroom with both hands full. 

By one o'clock, Keith let his teacher out through the private entrance in the back. He spent the rest of the day doing his homework and reading. He fell asleep late at night and didn't bother to set his alarm to get him awake so that he could go downstairs and held his dad with the nightly cleanup. 

Elden came up to check on him as it was very unusual for Keith not come down and do most of the cleanup while he counted cash and did paperwork. He saw Keith lying asleep and decided not to bother him. He did the work by himself and came up to his room late and went straight to bed. 

Elden didn't sleep well. He woke up thinking of Keith in bed with the older man. He was horny and by morning, he couldn't take it any longer and crawled from his bed naked and went directly to Keith's room. 

Keith was awake, still lying in bed. He had gotten up and made coffee and brought a cup back to his room. He was on his side turning the dial on his radio trying to find his favorite station when he saw his dad's naked frame standing in the doorway. At first, he thought that Elden looked angry or mad. The look on his face was similar to the blank look he had given Keith the previous morning when he saw him naked in the kitchen. 

Neither of them said anything for what seemed to be an eternity. Finally, Elden spoke. "I'm ready if you are," was all that he said without his expression changing. 

Keith looked at his dad. Elden wasn't much taller than Keith and his body was smooth. His five foot seven frame stood there, waiting for a response. His body was smooth and white. He didn't get in the sun much so he looked pale and vulnerable. 

Keith said, "I thought you'd never ask? Do you want to come in?" he asked. 

"I'd rather you come to my room. My bed's bigger," Elden replied. 

"It'll take me a few minutes. I need to take care of some hygeine issues before I come," Keith answered, heading for his bathroom to use a Fleet to make sure he was clean. 

Naked, Keith walked to his dad's room. It had been a long time since that first time and he was just as nervous as he was then. His cock was hard, standing erect and ready as he walked to his dad's bed. Elden lay on his side with head propped up, resting in his hand. He said nothing. 

Keith climbed awkwardly in the bed and was taken by total surprise when Elden pulled him close and kissed him on the mouth. It was the first kiss he had ever gotten from his father. He couldn't remember even when he was a small boy of having his father pick him up and kiss him, even lightly on the head or cheek. A tiny sob escaped his lips as Elden kissed him deeply and pulled him close to him. 

"I suppose you're all fucked out after yesterday. If you just want to suck me off, that's okay. I understand," Elden said apologetically. 

"What would you like, Daddy?" Keith asked. He usually just called him Dad, but it seemed more affectionate to use the 'daddy' word. 

"I want to fuck you little boypussy and make you cum just like the last time," Elden whispered. 

"I want that too, Daddy. Can I suck your cock first?" Keith asked, moving into position to take the thick daddy-cock into his mouth. 

Before Elden could respond, Keith had his small hands wrapped around the base of the cock and already, his tonuge was licking the head lightly. 

Elden lay on his back and looked up at the ceiling only briefly before he placed his hands under his head so he could watch Keith as his head began bobbing up and down on his cock. Keith's shoulder length hair hung forward, covering his face and Elden finally reached down and brushed it back a little so that he could see Keith's mouth around his cock. 

Elden's cock was big; not the easiest cock he had ever sucked. He paused and licked at Elden's hairy ball-sac. Mr. Thadaropolis had started shaving his scrotum. Keith wondered if he would ever be able to talk his dad into shaving his. He held each testicle in his mouth, washed them thoroughly before releasing them and then returned to take the cock into his mouth again. A small moan escaped Elden's lips. 

Keith's own cock drooled pre-cum as he sucked his dad's cock. He worked his tongue up to Elden's stomach as he held the cock in his hand. Working up farther, he licked Elden's nipples. Elden took his head in his hands and pulled Keith upward and kissed him again. 

"Your mouth tastes like cock," Elden joked as he chuckled lightly. 

Keith was silent as he worked his way back down, kissing and tonguing Elden's chest and stomach until he consumed the whole piece, pushing his nose into his daddy's thick bush. 

"Sit on it, Keith," Elden ordered. He had a jar of Vaseline in his hand. He handed it to Keith and let Keith scoop some out to slather on his cock. 

"Do you want me to face you, Daddy?" Keith said, pushing some of the grease into his boypussy. 

"Not yet, baby. I want to see your pussy swallow up my cock," Elden said, his voice soft and trembling 

Keith held his scrotum in his right hand as he positioned himself over Elden and with his left hand, reached behind him, holding his dad's peice until he felt it pressing against his tiny, little boycunt. He took the cock slowly. He knew that his dad was propped up a little so that he could see the cock disappear inside of him so he took his time. Finally, when he had taken it all and felt the wiry pubic hairs against his soft skin, he began lifting himself up slowly. 

It felt good. Keith began his usual moans and grunts as he began rising and falling. 

Keith wasn't completly comfortable in the position his dad had chosen, but he waited until Elden said, "Face me this time,Keith." 

Keith squirmed about until once again he was alligned with his dad's cock and did his best to get comfortable as his boypussy swallowed up the thick peice. Again, he moaned as he picked up the pace and began bouncing up and down, trying to avoid his father's eyes. 

Keith hadn't expected Elden to take his time. The first time, it had been fast. Now it seemed like Elden was determined to try every position that Keith had ever been in. He was on his back with his feet pressing against Elden's shoulders and he was completley surprised when Elden told him to get on his hands and knees. Doggy-style wasn't his favorite positon, but now, listening to Elden grunt and make little verbal sounds of pleasure, Keith wanted it to last forever. 

Later, Elden moved him onto his side and he thought surely that his dad would ejacualate in that position. It was the same position that he had used their first time together. But, to his surprise, Elden pulled out and put Keith on his back again. Keith's hole was getting a little sore. It was a long, hard fuck. Mr. Thadaropolis had worked him over yesterday and now he was beginning to feel the irritation. 

When he got the courage, he said, "Daddy, can I finish you off by sucking?"

"Whatever you want son?" Elden said softly. He pulled his cock out of Keith and slowly rolled onto his back. 

Keith crouched over Elden, giving his dad access to play with his ass if he chose to. He sucked the cock slowly at first and then, gradually built his tempo up. Elden began pumping his hips upward and when Keith knew that the ejaculation was close, he held only the big knob in his mouth and worked his hand up and down, jacking the cock until it exploded inside of his mouth. Elden was writhing about wildly now as he filled his son's mouth with his seed. Keith was crazy with excitement, knowing that he was getting exactly what he wanted. 

Keith didn't stop sucking and licking on Elden's cock until Elden slapped him on the ass and said, "you didn't cum this time, kid." 

"That's okay. Maybe you will fuck me again tonight and I promise, I will then," Keith giggled, lifting his face from Elden's groin. 

Keith moved up and lay down. He wanted Elden to take him in his arms and hold him the way that Mr. Thadaropolis always did. But, Elden was finished. He grinnned as he stood up on the side of the bed and said, "I've gotta shower and get to work. We'll see about tonight. Right now, I feel really drained." 

Keith smiled and rubbed his belly. "Daddy-cum. I love it," he said.