 Now that I had crossed over to the bi side, I was relaxing and enjoying the summer more. Paul and I got together a couple times that next week after work for sex. We sucked and fucked. Paul told me several times he loved having his cock in my ass. I also did some research on the web on found some sites on anal sex to learn more about it and how to take care of myself. Paul also told me about the other guys that he hung out with. He said that they did group get together’s and that he had talked to them about including me in the next one. He told me that I would need to be interviewed and they would then let me know. 

One night after work Ron and Mark told me that they would interview me tonight about the group. Paul grinned as I told him that they were going to do that. "Have fun", he said. 

I followed Ron and Mark to their apartment, which was in the same complex as Paul’s. They offered me a drink and we sat in their living room and chatted a bit about work and other things. 

"Paul tells us that you and he are having a good time." Mark said. 

"Yes." I answered. 

"He also tells us that your ass is one of the best that he’s fucked." Ron said. 

I blushed. "I does seem to enjoy it." I answered. 

"Well, Ron and I are the interview committee for our group. There are 6 of us who get together once a month or so for some group guy sex. Are you interested?" Mark said. 

"Yes." I answered. 

"It’s a no holes barred and things get pretty hot, do you think you can handle it?" Mark asked. 

"Yes."  

Mark smiled at Ron. "Well, Ron and I are going to see what you can handle. Get naked." 

I stood up and stripped.  "Now come closer." Mark motioned me to move closer to the couch where they were sitting. I stood between them as they looked me over. 

"Paul’s right, he is nicely hung." Ron said. 

My cock twitched and grew a little longer.  "He’s also enjoying this, that’s a good sign." Mark said. "Turn around, bend over and spread your cheeks." 
I did as asked. It was interesting have two guys exam look at my ass. I felt a hand on one cheek and then a finger on my anus. 

"That does look good." Ron said. 

"I’d say we move the interview to the next phase, wouldn’t you?" Mark said. 

"Oh yeah." Ron answered. "Ok, you can stand back up." 

I then watched as they both stood and stripped naked as well. They sat back down on the couch, closer together this time. 

Mark smiled. "Now suck us both off." 

My cock shot to full hardness at that. I also noticed that both of them were hard as well. I kneeled between them, where I could access both cocks at once.  They were both different.  Ron’s was long and was thinner than mine, hi s balls were a bit bigger and were hanging low. Mark’s was thick and about as long as mine, his balls were also nice sized. Both guys had nice proportioned tools. I reached out to each and stroked each one at the same time. It was cool to have two hard cocks to play with. I loved the feel of each, the skin sliding over the inner hard core. I leaned over and took Ron’s into my mouth. I took the tip in only and gently tongued it., moving my tongue tip up and down over the slit at the end. 

Ron moaned. "Oh yeah. He knows what he’s doing." 

I took more of his cock into my mouth. I rubbed my tongue along the lower side of his cock shaft. I took his cock as deep as I could into my mouth and then sucked up and down for a while. 

I then gave Ron’s cock a break and did the same to Mark’s. He was soon moaning in joy as well. I switched between the two cocks, always leaving a hand gently stroking the one that wasn’t in my mouth. Soon I had Ron close. I stayed on his cock, sucking hard on it until I was rewarded with a nice load of cum as he moaned and ejaculated into my mouth. 

"Damn, for a somewhat rookie" Ron said. "That was very good." 

I kept holding Ron’s limp cock as I finished Mark. I soon had his load in my throat as well. 

"Well." Mark said. "I think he passes the blow job test with flying colors, don’t you Ron." 

"Yes, although I look forward to offering him some pointers on some techniques." 

I moved to sit between them on the couch. It felt good to have two naked bodies pressed against me. We played with each other’s cocks. I had my hands on each of theirs and they each had a hand on me. One played with my balls, the other was on the shaft. 
"I think I’ll try his lips." Ron said as he moved my head to meet his. He moved his lips over to mine and kissed my deep. His tongue was probing mine and his lips were soft and wet. 

"Ummm." Ron said after he broke the kiss. "That was good too." 

"I see that we’ve finished the recharge cycle," Mark noted. All three of our cocks were back to erect status. "I think it’s time we tried that ass." 

Ron told me to get on all fours on the floor between Mark’s legs. He wanted me to blow Mark while he did my ass. Ron got a tube of lube and got between my legs. I felt him run his hand up and down my ass crack, fondling my hole with a finger. He worked the finger in, the pulled it out and squirted some lube on my hole. He worked the lube in, sliding his finger in all the way. He slid a second finger in as well.  "He’s ready back here." Ron said. I had Mark’s cock in my mouth, but moaned a yes. 

Ron lubed up his cock and I felt the head move up to my asshole. Ron pushed it in slowly. I felt my asshole open as his cock head moved in. His cock was a little thinner than Paul’s but felt just as good. The cock head was in and Ron slowly worked his full shaft in all the way. I felt his pubic hairs and balls hit my ass cheeks. 

"Damn, Paul’s right about his ass." Ron said. "This feels very good." 

I pushed back against Ron to let him know I was ready. His cock felt great in my ass. He pulled his cock back to the head and started with slow strokes. He had his hands on my hips as he pumped me. 

"Man this is good ass, Mark" Ron said as he picked up speed. He was giving my nice long and deep strokes. I loved feeling his pubic hairs and balls hit me on the in thrusts. I also started using some of my knowledge and began giving my sphincter a squeeze on the in thrust. Ron was moaning and starting to thrust faster. I was having trouble concentrating on Mark’s cock in my mouth. I sucked on it as best I could, but I was being overwhelmed by the joy of getting a good fuck. Ron pumped my ass good, maintaining long and deep strokes, pulling his cock out to the head and then thrusting back into the hilt. 

"Damn that’s hot watching you fuck him." Mark said. 

I worked on sucking Mark’s cock, feeling it grow harder in my mouth. 

"Oh yeah, this is good." Ron moaned. "I love fucking this ass!" 

Ron’s grip on my hips was getting tighter. His thrusts were getting harder and stronger as his balls and hips banged my ass. 

"Oh yeah!" Ron said. "I’m gong to fill your ass!" He moaned loud and took a few more deep strokes before taking one last deep stroke burying his cock to the hilt as he came. I felt his cock pump it’s load into my ass. Ron moaned a little more as he leaned into me, his cock getting limp. 
"Man that was good." Ron said as he straightened up and leaned back, pulling his spent cock from ass. Ron moved over to the couch and sat down, breathing hard. "My turn." Mark said as he pulled his cock from my mouth. Mark got between my legs and lubed up his cock. I felt him put the head to my ass sphincter and start sliding it in. It went in easily because of Ron’s just having fucked me. Mark moaned as I felt his cock slide in all the way. He was thicker than Ron and it felt even better. I was loving the way a hard cock felt buried in my ass. Mark immediately began pumping my ass with long deep thrusts. I concentrated on the feeling of his cock moving in and out. I gave him the same thing I did Ron, a squeeze on the in stroke of his cock. "Damn, Ron." Mark moaned. You’re right about his ass. This is very good." Mark pumped my ass for a good 15 minutes before he started breathing harder. By this time, a warm glow had been moving from my ass to my whole body. I was feeling good. Mark’s cock was doing a good number on my prostate, giving it a wonderful massage. I was moaning deeply as well. Mark reached a hand around and gave my cock a squeeze. It was all it took to bring my orgasm. I yelled as my cock began shooting cum. Mark moaned as well as my orgasm began squeezing my ass sphincter tighter and in conjunction to my squirting cock, Mark took one last deep thrust and came hard as well, his cock unloading it’s semen into my ass. Mark leaned into me, breathing hard. As I was doing the same thing. "Damn guys, that was hot watching as well." Ron said as he was stroking his cock on the couch. I smiled at him.  Mark let his limp cock slide from my ass. "I think that Ben passes that test as well, don’t you." "Darn right." Ron said. "I hereby state that Ben can join the group." "I concur." Mark said as he sat down on the couch.  "Thanks guys." I said as I just lay on the floor resting as well. "We’ll let you know when the next meeting is. It’s going to be a fun one." Mark said.  Ron was grinning. "Now how late can you stay tonight, Ben?" I looked at the clock, we’d only been here a little over an hour. "I guess there’s no hurry to go home, why?"

"Cause, I’m still horny here." Ron smiled.
I looked at Mark and he smiled as well. "Well we can’t have that can we."
"Nope." I said.

We spent a couple of hours in good sex play. I sucked them both off again and they both insisted on fucking me again. I also was able to fuck Ron’s ass as well. For the last orgasm of the night, Mark fucked me while I 69’d with Ron. It was a nice slow fuck for a while, until Ron brought me off and it started the cascade of orgasms, with my spasming ass bringing off Mark and our moans causing Ron to shoot in my mouth. It was an enjoyable night. However the meeting night fun will be another story.