 I had decided to take a 2nd shift job over the summer between my junior and senior years of college. I was in between girlfriends at the time and thought that a stocking job would be the perfect thing for a break after a hard session of school.

I worked with a large mixed group of men and women for one of the large discount department stores. We worked the from 2:00 until not long after 9:00 or 10:00 depending on the work load. I worked the Monday through Friday shift. The first weeks went well. I got to know a number of the crew. I noticed a group of guys who seemed to have a lot of fun working and playing together. They were doing what I was working the summer between college sessions. They were all in their early twenties. I got assigned to work near Paul, who was 22. His buddies were Ron, Mark, Peter and Steve. Paul and I got to know each other and were soon getting to be good friends.

The 3rd Friday there, Paul invited me to join the guys afterwards for their trip to a local bar. "You’ll enjoy it." He said.

After we punched out, I gave Paul a ride over to the bar. He was a roommate of Mark and Steve and they drove the other guys to the bar. There was plenty of good natured kidding, although I noticed more touch between the guys than others. Paul was starting to touch me as well, back slaps and touches on the shoulder. I also had noticed that he had a good body and had stayed in good shape by throwing the boxes around at work. 

Paul invited me to join him in a booth.

"So are you dating anyone, Ben?"

"No, broke up last semester. We’d been going strong, but she wanted to go to another college next fall and I’m pretty comfortable where I’m at." I answered.

Paul grinned as he asked the next question. "So do you miss the sex?"

These guys had been talking blunt about sex and it wasn’t too embarrassing for me. "Yeah, a guy gets horny. You guys seem ok there."

Paul smiled slyly. "We have our ways. In fact I’m supposed to interview you about that."

"About what."

"How me and the guys deal with our sex drives." He looked around. It was a bit loud and not so private in the bar. "Would you want to come with me to the apartment?’

"Sure." I answered. I was glad that I told my parents I would be out late tonight.

"Great, I’ll let the guys know." Paul said.

We got in my car and drove to Paul’s apartment. Once there we went to his room. Paul had a bed, a desk and computer, couple of chairs and dresser as furniture. Paul sat down at the desk and fired up the computer, he motioned for me to sit next to him.

"Let’s surf some fun websites." Paul logged online. We looked at some fun sites with naked people having sex. My cock was getting kind of hard as Paul then moved on to a gay website.

"You ever looked at his stuff?" I admitted that I had once and a while. He showed me photos of guys sucking each other off and fucking each other in the ass. He pointed out their cocks. 

"Have you ever pondered trying things like that?" Paul pointed to a page with thumbnail photos of guys having sex.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you are a good looking guy." He said. "Do you mind me telling you that?"

"No." 

Paul moved a little closer to me. He put a hand on my thigh. "Have you ever thought about doing it with a guy?"

I blushed and felt my cock get a little stiff in my pants. "Well, I have thought about it once or twice." 

"Does it intrigue you?" Paul asked moving his hand higher up my thigh. It’s warmth felt good.

"Yes it does." I blushed a little more and felt my cock get a bit stiffer.

Paul slide his hand all the way up, I felt him cupping my cock and balls through my jeans. "I’d say you are more than intrigued about it. Would you like to try it?"

Paul’s warm hand on my cock felt very good. "Sure." I heard myself answer.

"Excellent." Paul answered. "I’ve been thinking about getting into your pants since you started working with us." Paul moved his face closer to mine. My hard cock was now thinking for me. His lips touched mine. It felt good. I felt his tongue probe at my lips, I opened my mouth further and kissed him harder.

Paul broke the kiss and stood up. "Let’s get naked." He began removing his clothing. He also, logged off the computer and turned down the lights so that just the desk lamp was on. I stood and began getting naked. I paused to watch him as he slide his pants and underwear down in one motion and stood up his hard cock was pointing straight out. He smiled as he noticed my stare. "Ok let’s see yours."

I finished getting naked. Paul looked me over and stepped closer. "Nice cock there, Ben." 

"Thanks." 

Paul reached down and wrapped his hand around my cock. He stroked it. It felt good. I reached down and did the same. After a lifetime of only feeling one hard cock, his felt great. It was like mine only a little longer and thicker. It was fun feeling the way the skin slide around the hard shaft. Paul pulled me close with his other hand and moved in to kiss. It was a delight. My qualms about sex with a man were gone, this was going to be fun.

We lay back on the bed. Paul had my lie on my back. "Lay back and enjoy this." He said with a grin. "I’m going to suck you off. Don’t worry about warning me when you cum, just let it go and enjoy it."

Paul licked his way down my abdomen. He stopped to play with my nipples and then kept moving down. Soon he reached my cock. He gently licked the tip and then engulfed the head in his mouth and let it slide in. I moaned in joy. His mouth was wet and warm on my cock. He sucked me up and down for a bit. Occasionally stopping to lick my cock head. He also sucked on my balls. He was doing a better job than my girlfriend had ever done. I was soon getting close to cumming. My breathing picked up and Paul increased his pace on my cock, giving it long steady strokes. My cock exploded a load of cum into his mouth. Paul sucked hard as I moaned loud at the joy. 

"There now, how was that." He grinned.

I smiled back. "That was great." Paul moved back up next to me. He moved in for a kiss. I could taste my cum in his mouth.

‘Now it’s your turn to do me." Paul motioned for me to move and he lay back on the bed. I studied his naked body and his hard cock and balls for a few moments and then dove right at it. I took a tentative lick then took his cock head into my mouth. It was interesting as his cock filled my mouth. I had crossed over from the strictly hetero world and was going bi. I wasn’t going to turn back. I concentrated on doing all the things I liked having done to my cock. I licked the head and even gave his balls some tongue. Soon I was sucking up and down on his shaft.

"Damn that’s good." Paul moaned. "You’re a quick learner."

I continued my sucking and was soon rewarded with Paul’s louder moans as he was getting closer. He came with a loud moan, his cock shooting its load over my tongue. I sucked hard and enjoyed my first taste of another man’s semen.

"Oh that was nice." Paul said. I climbed next to him and we rested for a bit. Paul told me about when he had first discovered the joys of sex with guys. He’d discovered it a few years ago. He still enjoyed doing women but he said this took care of being horny and was fun besides. We touched each other as we talked. I soon felt Paul’s cock getting hard again.

"Now there’s something else I want to do with you." He said. "Have you thought about getting fucked in the ass?"

Paul had his hand on my cock as he asked. It got very hard. "Yes." I admitted. "I’ve jacked off with my finger in my ass and enjoyed it."

"Cool, that’s the first step." Paul got up and went to get some lube. "I know you will like this. And after I do you, you can do me." He grinned. 

"Now lets get you prepped." Paul said.

Paul had me roll over on my belly and raise my ass. He got between my legs and began feeling my ass crack. He ran his fingers up and down, stopping to play with my anal pucker. Then I felt a lubed finger playing with my hole. Paul rimmed it and then slowly slid the finger in. He worked some more lube in and then I felt him work a second finger in. He began to slowly finger fuck me, sliding his two fingers in and out of my asshole. It felt good. 

"How’s that feeling?" Paul asked. 

"Great." I answered. It did. I could feel the appeal of anal sex. Paul worked a little more lube in. Then he pulled his fingers out. I heard him putting lube on his cock.

"I’m going to put my cock head up to your hole." Paul said. "I’ll take it slowly, let me know how it’s going."

I felt his cock head being rubbed up and down my ass crack. It felt good. I also missed the fingers in my ass. I felt his cock head at my pucker.

"Now just imagine my cock head sliding in." Paul said. "Imagine it going in as I push."

Paul slowly pushed. I felt my hole opening up and the cock working it’s way in. It eased its way in. It felt great.

"The head’s in, How does it feel?" Paul asked.

"Very good." I moaned.

"Same here." Paul said.

He slid the rest of his shaft in. Soon I felt his pubic hairs on my ass cheeks. "I’m all the way in. How does that feel?"

"Great." I moaned again.

"Yes it does. Man your ass feels good."

Paul started slowly sliding his cock in and out. I felt his hands on my hips. It felt great. Paul started pumping me a bit faster. The feeling was strange to begin with, but it was good. It soon felt better as he built up speed. He gave me nice long and deep strokes with his cock. I was loving getting fucked.

"Damn Ben, this is good."

"Ummm.," was all I could say. I was enjoying the feeling of my ass filed with his hard cock. I loved the feeling of his cock sliding in and out of my ass. His hands were tightening on my hips as he began to thrust harder and harder. The sound of his cock made a slippery, squishy sound as it went in and out. Paul’s breathing was getting faster and deeper and so was mine. Paul kept his pace going. I could feel a warm glow building in my ass. My cock was also feeling good. I could feel myself building to a climax as well. Paul’s cock was doing its thing to my prostate. He pumped my ass harder, thrusting his cock deep with each in stroke. His cock filling my asshole. 

"Oh man," Paul moaned.

Paul pumped my ass harder. I could feel my own cock building to an orgasm. I gave a long moan as my cock shot off on the bed. The orgasm was incredible and intense. I’d never cum that hard or with out touching my cock. Paul’s cock in my ass made it even stronger. Paul’s deep thrusts went a few more time and then he moaned loudly and unloaded his cock in my ass. 

Paul leaned over my back and breathed deep for a bit as his cock softened in my ass.

"That was very good." Paul said as he leaned back up and eased his cock out. "Wait there a sec." He grabbed a towel from near the bed and wiped his cock and my ass.

"That was good." I said as he lay on the bed next to me. "I really enjoyed that." 

"Cool." He said. "I’m glad."

We hugged and kissed some more and talked about sex and guys. I did get to fuck him in ass later that was very intense as well, I had never fucked my last girlfriend in the ass. I also let him fuck me two more times that night, once on my back, it was great to watch him as he fucked me and as he came. The other time was in the shower. It was a great night. I headed home in the early hours. Paul and I now get together after work several nights a week for good sex. We’re not in love, just a couple of guys taking care of each other.