 Like a lot of folks, my boss lets me work at home one day a week. I enjoy it, not only for the two hours commute time it saves me, but for what it allows me to do with that free time. My work at home day is Wednesday, which is perfect because my wife's is Friday. Because she has a similar awful commute as mine and similar work hours, on Wednesday's I have an hour in the morning and evening all to myself. 

Typically, I work out in the afternoon as I don't want to get busted spanking the monkey if she comes home early. Wednesday mornings, however, are "personal care" time. Surfing porn, edging, click, save, click, save, and when I can't take it anymore I cum like a fountain. I fucking love Wednesdays!

Today, I fucked up my routine. I've been wicked horny lately. Like can't focus at work because my balls are aching so badly. But I also knew it's that time of the month for my wife Sarah so I was either going to be sleepless tonight or take care of business beforehand. So I figured, what the hell, rub a quick one out after my last conference call and start my workout late but with plenty of time to spare if my wife's commute was gloriously short today for some reason. 

I'd powered up my personal computer and, rather than hit my go-to sites for the usual surfing, edging-and saving any good photos I came across thing, I opened up my Spank Bank folder. It's really called 'TMP' because I figured the wife wouldn't ever bother to look in there if she got curious. It's a big one, I'll freely admit, sorted by genre with subfolders where I save what I like to think of as pop pics, climax clips, and sperm fic, a.k.a. photos, videos, and stories so hot that I'd blown my load looking at them. I make a habit of saving a copy of those in a special subfolder right after I get my rocks off. Those subfolders are golden for a desperately needed quick rubout when needed! 

This was one of those times, to be sure. I'd been thinking of sex all afternoon. Considered rubbing one out while on mute, but thought the better of it. Nothing like heavy breathing when you fumble for the mute button to give it away, or worse, forgetting to mute the video clip before unmuting the phone! 

It was a beautiful day outside. Being stuck indoors had me fantasizing of some parkland/hiking sex-ventures. I've never actually done anything like that for real. Never cheated on the wife by any means, actually. Porn helps keep me loyal to her, and I thank it for that! 

I suppose you could say I feel about porn like a certain judge feels about beer. I liked porn. I still like porn. But I've rarely done anything depicted in it, and even when I have it was always as consenting adults. 

I should also tell you now, before this goes too far, that I like to look at and read porn about people doing things that I've never done nor would ever do. Or even could ever do. It's hot. Sometimes I fantasize about actually being one of the participants. Like one of the chicks in some hot lesbo clip, that's a go-to standard of mine. Or cucky stuff, not that I'd ever let any guy near my wife. Trannies, glory holes, even a midget every once in a long while. It's hot thinking about it and it gets me off. Just a fantasy: no harm, no foul. And it helps keeps me loyal. So yeah, I like porn. 

So where was I? Oh yeah, I opened up my /Documents/TMP/Outdoors/Pop folder for a quick rub and the phone rings. My boss. I pick up of course. 

"Hey boss." 

"Do you have a few? We have an issue with your fiscal year-end projections that has to get cleared up pronto." 

Crap! I start pacing as he prattles on. Then get thirsty as I realize the depth of the fuck up that'd I'd made and head to the kitchen. After what seemed like an eternity, we resolve it and I'm once again a free man and, thankfully, still employed. 

"Hi honey! Everything OK?" 

My first thought upon hearing my wife's voice, honestly, was about my aching balls. Maybe she'd lend me a hand? A blowjob was off the menu, she never did that on the rag. 

"Yeah, we got it resolved. Drive OK? 

"Not bad. Got a sec? Wanted to show you something."

Show. That word reminded me that I'd left my computer on and Spank Bank folder open. Shit! 

"Sure!" I replied, hoping it wasn't anything that would make me forget to dash and lock the Spank Bank before she saw it. 

I followed her. Right. Into. My office. "Fuck!" I thought, "Just fantasies, play that card."

"So... there's this?"

"Yeah" I replied coolly, "needed to rub one out." Honesty is the best policy, especially when your wife seems pretty chill about a find. 

"Gotcha. I was just curious..." she motioned for me to sit, which I did without hesitation. She knelt next to me and put her hand on the computer mouse. 

"Pretty broad category, Outdoors". 

I shrugged, of course it was. Then I actually looked at the screen. She'd changed the view to 'Extra large icons'. 

Remember when I said I like all kinds of porn? Yeah. So my wide net of interests were displayed in all their glory. And not just random shit, this was the 'Pop' folder, the crème de la crème, as it were, of stuff that gets me off. There's no way I could deny that I didn't get off on any and all of the stuff in a folder specially curated and titled 'Pop'. The great outdoors was the obvious and only common element. 

Sarah clicked 'Slideshow' on the folder window and the first image came up. 

"She's hot" she says pointing to the first picture which, by pure luck, was a female that looked a lot like my wife but a bit chubbier. She clicked the mouse. 

A picture of a very pretty tall girl dressed sluttily in a miniskirt came up. 

"Doesn't seem your type..." she said before clicking again. 

"Fuck" I thought to myself as the third picture came up. It was the same girl, or shall I clarify and say gurl, in a different pose. She was sitting on a fallen tree. Her hard cock was peeking out from her skirt. I can't explain why, but there's something about tranny peekaboo that makes my dick stand at attention. Which I realized it already was in just the few seconds of silence before my wife again spoke. 

"Wow! Well THAT's a surprise. Nice cock!"

"In for a penny," I thought. I had no idea where she was going to go with this but it's not like I could stop this train. She examined the photo for several more seconds before looking at me, and then down at my sweatpants. My cock was at full mast having slipped through the opening in my boxers as it engorged. 

"Ever sucked one?" Sarah asked. 

"I'm not gay for crissakes." 

"Duh, I know that honey. That's not what I asked."

"No, definitely not. Ever."

She clicked again. The next image was the gurl in the forest standing up. Her skirt was lifted by her very hard and impressively large for her size "clitty".

"Wow. That's a big cock for such a small gurl" my wife noted. She then placed her left hand on my sweatpants-covered hard-on and began gently caressing me through the material. It felt wonderful and was a huge relief. Things were looking up!

"She's so hot, I'd blow her" she added after a beat. "Wouldn't you?" she asked, rubbing me more earnestly now. 

"Um, not gay, remember?"

"Oh, I know sweetie. It's just a photograph. Just for pretend. You'd suck her cock with me right now, for pretend, yes?" she asked as her fingers walked up to my pants' hem, teasing for more intimate caressing to come if I played along. 

Should I play along? Could I not? My cock did the talking for me. "Yes" I admitted, hesitantly. 

"Mmm" she moaned as she licked her lips. "Honesty should be rewarded." 

She pulled my sweatpants down just far enough for her to start rubbing one of her fingers in gentle circles around my cockhead. OMG it felt so good. 

Click. 

In the next picture, a handsome and well-muscled stud was on his knees in front of the gurl about to take her cock in his mouth. 

"Fuck yeah, take that cock!" Sarah exclaimed. She was rubbing my cockhead more intently now. "That's fucking hot right there, don't you think?"

"Yes..." I moaned. 

"You want her cock as badly as he does, don't you honey?" she asked, pausing her cock ministrations. 

I hesitated, trying to not sound too eager. 

"On your knees, like him?" she asked, clicking again. The next image was of the stud with half her cock in his mouth. "Taking that juicy gurl dick in his horny mouth? Right there in the open, for anyone to see?"

"Ah, nature" I thought as I stared at the image. She was so sexy, that cute skirt so perfectly complimenting that big clitty poking out. That ripped dude just couldn't help himself, on his knees in a second, taking her in, pleasuring her, giving in to his desire, and hers. 

"Yes." I finally replied, desperate for my wife's hand to return its attention to my cock. 

"Yes what?" she hesitated, still not touching my dick. 

I relented. "I want to be him," 

Sarah began rubbing proper now, spreading my copious precum around the top half of my shaft. 

"On my knees, sucking that beautiful cock." I admitted, hoping for yet more thorough rubbing. 

"You're so hard for that cock, sweetie. So much precum. You're a fountain down there." She noted. 

How could I not be? Sharing porn together was something I'd never actually envisioned before and it was fantastic. 

Click. 

A photo of a clearly horny blonde appeared. Her thick legs were spread, her fingers half inside her shaved plump pussy. A "Cum here" tattoo with an arrow pointing to her cunny, so sexy. 

"She's cute too. A bit chubby. You like chubby girls?"

"Yes, they're sexy." 

Sarah smiled. She then slid her precum-slicked hand further down towards the base of my cock as reward. I moaned with pleasure. 

"Chubby girls. Chicks with dicks. What else have we here?" Click. 

A video began playing. A buff college-aged blond guy was hiking on a secluded mountain trail. 

"Hello Sven!" Sarah greeted the on-screen Nordic god with delight. She'd stopped rubbing me. 

'Sven' turned a corner and as he did two other studs come into view. 

"Oh, shit..." I said to myself remembering this clip. Total gayness. Hot, but totally gay. 

"Well hello! What have we here? A carnal Ragnarok?" 

As the pretend view-from-Sven camera angle pans, we see the two studs rubbing each other's cocks. 

"I'm not" I began before Sarah cut me off. 

"I know, sweetie. It's a continuum though. You have to admit, you clearly do find this pretty hot. It IS in your 'Pop' folder isn't it?"

"Yes" I admitted ashamed but still rock hard. 

"Most all guys fantasize about it now and again. It's just a fantasy though, they think about it" she began rubbing my cock again "rub one out to it."

"Yes"

"And they're 100% straight. They can go weeks or even months before looking at that stuff again." She started pumping my cock. "It doesn't make them gay. Quite the opposite."

"Uh huh" I replied in a half moan. 

"They just have to work that little bit of gay out of them every once in a while, that's all. Isn't it sweetie?" 

"Yes." 

"Yes, what?" she queried, grasping my cock firmly. 

"Just have to rub that little bit of gay out." 

Sarah motioned for me to stand up a bit, which I did. She deftly pulled my sweats and boxers to my ankles. She then cupped my absolutely engorged balls with one hand and resumed jacking me with the other. Precum flowed like water from my hot-steel rod. 

On screen, Sven drops to his knees in front of the two guys jacking each other off. He begins taking turns sucking their cocks. No muss, no fuss, no conversation. Just cocks directly into his mouth, one right after the other. Just raw sex! 

"Cock after cock!" Sarah exclaimed watching with me. 

"Mmm" I moaned in reply as Sven pulled his own cock out and began pumping away as he alternated sucking the two glorious dicks in front of him. 

"So many dicks to suck in that forest. So many beautiful hard cocks. To suck. In the forest." 

"So many cocks" I replied, both not wanting her to stop rubbing me and, honestly, I was really getting into this. 

"You wish you were Sven right now, don't you sweetie?" 

"Yes."

"Sucking those juicy hot cocks" she added. 

"Yes, I want to suck those cocks."

"In the forest. Those big turgid cum filled penises."

"Those big dicks. Hard cocks." I was getting dizzy with lust, expressing desire that Sarah was not only OK with but was actually endorsing, encouraging even. It was totally amping me up. 

"You want those cocks. You want that cum don't you, honey?"

"Yes!"

"No you don't" she replied, but curiously she was still stroking me. "You NEED those cocks. You NEED that cum!" 

"Yes. I need those cocks. In my horny mouth. My thirsty mouth. I need their cum."

"Filling that hot virgin mouth of yours with their pleasure. You need that don't you? To have their cocks pulse and explode with pleasure in your virgin mouth?"

"Yes! I need it. I need it bad."

"And would you swallow their hot loads, their gifts for being such a hot horny bitch in heat for them? Would you drink their gifts like it was the best and sweetest tasting liquor on Earth?"

"Oh god, yes!!" 

"Filling your desperate desire? Quenching your thirst like only natures medicine can?"

"Yes! I need their medicine. I need their cocks. To be filled with their pleasure."

I was nearing orgasm. Sarah knew it, of course, she knew me better than anyone, even more so after this afternoon's revelations. And she stopped, still cupping me and grasping my cock. Slurping noises from the computer was the only thing breaking the motionless silence for what was seeming like an eternity. Sarah was thinking. Of what I couldn't possibly imagine, focused solely on my now desperate need to cum. 

Sven had been alternating pumping and sucking his newfound friends simultaneously. Sven dropped his hand from one of the cocks. He slipped his now free hand under his other one that was still pumping his cock. The camera angle changed to a ground-up shot. Sarah and I watched, transfixed, as Sven began to rub his cute hairless bubble-butted booty, a finger circling around his anus, as he pumped his cock with is other hand. Fuzzy and further away, we watched as he continued sucking one of the cocks, the other at full attention and left wanting. 

"Ooh, that looks like it feels good." Sarah stated. 

Desperate for attention and clear on the game, I played along. "Yes."

Sarah's hand, the one that had been cupping my balls, slipped further down and began rubbing my anus. The pleasure was tremendous; she'd never done that before!

"Good, yes?"

"So... fucking... good, Sarah" I managed to reply. 

The camera angle onscreen changed again back to the normal wide shot. Sven stopped sucking and bit his lip alluringly and effeminately. 

"Ooh, this is my favorite part!" Sarah exclaimed. 

"Wait. What?!" I said to myself startled. She hadn't just come home. While I was on the phone she'd had time to peruse the files, even watched this video. 

"See, I think most guys just need to rub one out. Just a fantasy, something they'll never do." Sarah said after stopping all of her pleasure-giving hand and finger motions. "Just, once in a while, they need to squirt that little bit of gay out that everybody has and then their good and straight again." 

"Okay..." I thought, "how do I get her to finish me off?!"

"Some, though" Sarah spoke as she switched her hands, "have more pressing" she slipped her precum-coated finger a little bit inside me, I inhaled sharply at the pleasure, "needs." 

"Yessss..." I shuddered. 

"Some men aren't totally straight, only mostly straight." She stopped moving again. 

I knew what she wanted me to say. I needed to say it. I needed to cum so badly. 

"Some men..." she continued, "they don't need to squeeze the gay out, they need to squeeze the gay IN to be better again." 

Sven bent over on screen. The saliva-drenched cock he'd been sucking began teasing his boy pussy. 

"So hot!" Sarah responded to the onscreen teasing of Sven. 

"Once they..." Sarah paused as the cockhead onscreen slid lustily into Sven's needy ass, slipping her own finger deep into mine in concert. "Get what they need, get filled by hot cocks, get filled by pleasure, by cum, only then can they go on with their lives, don'tcha think?" She paused her hands again. Sven's other friend shoved his cock into Sven's hungry mouth. 

"So close!" I pleaded silently to myself. 

"Yes..." I replied hesitantly but hopeful that it'd be enough for her to finish me. 

"Yes, what?" she clarified, rubbing a single finger around my cockhead. "I've seen what's in this folder, and a couple of the others too. Looked at the save dates. You've tried rubbing it out, for two, three months in a row it looks like. You're like a bitch in heat for cock right now, aren't you Sweetie?" She stopped rubbing me again. 

It was true. I was obsessed lately. The rubouts were getting less and less helpful. Answer truthfully and cum, don't and, OMG I'd be blue. "I need it." I finally replied. 

"Need what" she asked, rubbing me a bit more. 

"I need to suck cock." 

Sarah rubbed a bit more aggressively. 

"I need to lick cock. Kiss it. Suck it. Savor it!" 

Her fist began pumping me rewardingly. Her other fingers, however, remained still. 

"To be filled by hard penis. In your virgin holes. Right there in the forest for anyone to walk by and see. Taking cock after cock, load after hot load of sweet sweet cum as your reward." 

Sarah's finger tentatively moved inside me. 

"Hot cocks, in my mouth, in my ass."

She resumed full force now. I was heading towards the greatest orgasm of my life. 

"I need cock. I need their cum. Inside me. Filling me." 

"That's it, sweetie" Sarah cooed, kissing my neck, "let it out." 

"To give myself to them, for their pleasure, to be filled by their pleasure. Cock after cock. All those dicks, inside. Fucking them, sucking them, filled by them!" 

"To be their bitch in heat. In the forest. Fucking and sucking hot, hard, juicy cocks? Penis after penis that your wife found for you, to sate your desires, to fulfill your need, for cock, dick, penis. Big, hard, juicy, cum filled, pulsing, pumping, filling you, satisfying your lust for them, to be filled completely, your virginity given for their pleasure, for your needs..." 

"Yes!" I exclaimed as my cock spasmed in ecstasy, the first burst of cum shooting up and over my shoulder, the second and third hitting me in my face, on my lips, in my mouth. I was seeing stars as I came. Pulse after pulse, I lost count. 

Sarah kissed my cum-covered lips passionately as my pulses began to subside, her tongue swirled around mine, spreading the taste of pure pleasure. 

Sarah finally broke the kiss and closed the Spank Bank folder. 

"You, Sweetie, should be good for now. Question is, can my Bitch in Heat make it to the weekend?"

Was that a dare or threat? I wondered. Perhaps both? 

Stay tuned. There's a lot more to this story if you'd like. That vote button says "more please, thanks!" when you click it with a good number. ;-)