 Due to other obligations, I wasn't able to get to the gym in the evening for the rest of the week. I missed the feeling of Jim's thick black cock filling my ass, and the sensuous feeling of his warm cum draining out my stretched out hole. It took more than a few Kleenexes to stem the flow of his cum running out of me. 

It was Monday evening, and as I parked my car, and got out to walk into the gym, my ass hole veritably throbbed with the memory of our encounter last week. I had mixed feelings about doing anything more with Jim, I was afraid of getting hooked on his cock, and I wasn't sure he wanted a repeat performance.

But, my throbbing asshole and tingling balls over ruled my conscious thoughts, and here I was. Eagerly anticipating... what? Maybe he wouldn't be here tonight.

I opened the door, entered the building, hung a right, and went into the locker room. 

It was empty, I went to my regular locker, changed my clothes and put on my workout clothes, a vague tingling in my cock, wondering if Jim was here tonight.

I grabbed my hand towel that use to wipe down the machines, and entered the gym. 

I didn't see anyone, except the student at the check in desk. Disappointed, I signed in, and went to my first machine. Halfway through my routine, I heard the loud clunk of weights hitting the floor. I continued on, a few minutes later sensing a presence, I lifted my head to see the smiling face of Jim standing in front of me.

"Hey" he said, a big smile on his face, "I was wondering if you were coming back, I didn't see you last week after we ...um...you know...I thought maybe you were afraid to see me."

I looked around quickly, see no one, I said in a low voice "No, not at all, I'm glad to see you, I had other evening commitments, and I am afraid I was in a bit of a daze when I left your place, I forgot to tell you. I'm sorry."

"No harm, no foul, "he said. "But I am very glad you came tonight. Let's finish our workout, maybe we'll talk later."

With a big smile on his face, Jim turned away to finish his routine.

I went back to finishing my workout, but, if you asked me, I honestly couldn't have told you anything. Pretty sure I was floating around in dreams and thoughts of encounters to come.

We finished our work outs, still the only ones in the gym beside the desk guy, and entered the locker room. As before, we had lockers next to each other. We undressed silently, both looking at each other unashamedly, slight smiles on our face.

I don't know about Jim, but I was fighting getting a full on erection. 

We entered the showers, both taking our usual shower spots, the difference now being, we openly watched each other shower. Not a word was said, but knowing looks at each other were often exchanged.

Washing himself, Jim's cock got quite firm, but not quite hard. I could feel myself hardening. 

We turned off our showers, and began toweling off as we walked to the lockers.

"I'm sorry I can't invite you over tonight," he said quietly, looking me in the eyes. "I'm afraid I have company staying over."

I must have shown disappointment in my facial expression.

"No, No, not that," he quickly said, "Female company. My gal pal, or maybe fuck buddy. She wants to get serious, I'm not ready to commit. And...I.." he paused, looking me in the eyes. "I need to think about us, what we did the other night. I enjoyed myself a lot. A lot more than I expected, and I'm not sure how she would like knowing about us, and I'm not ready to give up what we did, and ...I guess I'd like to do what we did again.."

I'd be lying if I said my heart wasn't beating faster. Going from a sinking feeling of disappointment to a surprising feeling of happiness sat hearing his words. I shocked him, and myself as I leaned in and gave him a quick peck on the lips.

THAT brought silence.

Suddenly embarrassed and unsure, I stammered "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have.."

"No, it's alright. Fine. We'll work this out. Calm down, you're married, you need to be careful. Let's not ruin anything for any of us. We'll talk more, figure out what we're gonna do. If anything."

At the mention of the words married, I almost had a panic attack. SHIT!! I needed to be careful, I wasn't about to ruin my life, my family over this. "Right. You're right" I said. 

We were both standing there naked, I was seated, and Jim leaned over to get his shirt from his locker. His cock, now soft, was a few inches in front of me.

Without thinking, I shot my head forward and captured the head of his cock in my mouth, and started suckling like a baby at his cock. 

He got hard. Rock hard, real fast. 

With a moan, he grabbed the back of my head, thrusting his hardening cock down my throat. 

To say I was happy would be an understatement. I continued sucking his cock. 

Jim was moaning quietly. "Stop. You need to stop." He said.

Shaking my head no, I continued sucking him, reveling in the hard, warm flesh in my mouth. 

All too soon, I tasted the saltiness of his precum. I put my hand on his shaft and began jacking him lightly, urging him to fill my mouth with his salty goodness.

It wasn't long when I felt his fingers tighten in my hair. He held my head, and with a grunt, began filling my mouth with his cum. 

A LOT of cum. He must not have shot a load since last week when we played together.

I sat on the bench, cleaning his shaft of all remnants of his cum, and my saliva. Finished, I looked up at him, and said "Thank you."

"You shouldn't have done that, someone might of come in."

"Yeah, but I couldn't resist."

We got dressed and walked out together.

Out in the parking lot, we said our goodbyes, I got in my car, and headed home. All the way, I could taste the cum still remaining in my mouth. Mmmmmm.

The next day, as I got out of my car to head into the gym, I was in a pretty good mood. I was hoping to see Jim, hoping to continue our play.

As I rounded the end of the row of lockers where we usually left our stuff, Jim was just finishing getting changed. "Hey" I said, big smile on my face.

"How you doing?" he replied.

"Pretty good."

Jim waited while I changed. No embarrassment between us, he looked approvingly at me as I stripped, and turned to face him, letting him get a long look at my nude body before I dressed.

We walked in together. We pretty much completed our circuits together, I spotted him at the bench press, and then he returned the favor for me. Once again, my breath caught as I lay on my back, looking up the leg of his shorts, his thick cock on display. I couldn't help it, I started to get erect.

I heard him snicker, I looked at him. "You can't resist, can you?" he teased.

I didn't respond. What could I say?

We finished up, headed into the lockers, stripped and went into the showers. We were alone, taking the same positions as usual. 

This time however, Jim was openly masturbating. 

I stared, getting hard myself. I stopped soaping myself and watched.

"You going to finish?" he asked.

"Oh. Yeah. Right." I washed quick, never taking my eyes off of him, or his cock, which was standing up at a 45 degree angle from his body. Yum.

We went back to our lockers, with me sitting on the bench as usual.

He stood a bit back from me. "Not today." He said as I looked up to him. "Too risky, don't want to get caught."

He was right.

"Look, I was wondering if you might want to come over to my place Friday night, after our workout." He looked at me questioningly, "You know, maybe we could umm...well..."

"Play you mean?"

"Yes."

"How about we skip our workout, and I'll just go straight to your place?" I know I was getting hard sitting there.

"Okay, sure, that'd work" he said.

We dressed, walked out, said goodbye, and left.

Two days later, I was walking up to Jim's door, happy as a lark, giddy with anticipation. Knocking lightly on the door, it was opened almost instantly. Jim stood there, a huge smile on his face, and a towel around his waist. It looked as if he'd just stepped from the shower.

"Hi. I just got out of the shower, I was running a late, and was afraid I'd miss hearing you at the door" he said, stepping back so I could enter.

Turning his back, he walked towards a stuffed chair, removing his towel as he did. Without turning, he bent somewhat to lay the towel on the chair.

I stared at his muscled, round ass as he was bent over. He started to straighten up, "Wait." I asked, moving behind him, lowering myself to my knees.

"What?.." he asked.

Gently touching his ass cheeks, I pressed my face against his bottom. "Mmmmm" I moaned as I kissed and sucked his muscled ass. "Is this alright?" I asked.

"Yesssssss" came out like a long low hiss from Jim.

I pushed my face against his ass, flicking my tongue lightly at his muscled bottom. Jim leaned forward and rested his hands on the back of the chair. 

Moving my hands lightly up and down his thighs, I ran my tongue up the crease of his ass. Using my hands, I parted his ass and pressed my mouth against his ass hole. 

"Oh my god!" exclaimed Jim, as I felt him push his ass back toward me. "Ohhh, never had this done before" he whispered, just barely loud enough for me to hear.

To be fair, he was the first guy I'd ever done it to, also. It was a spontaneous thing, that I'd given no thought to before I'd knelt down behind him. 

I continued probing his tight dark hole with my tongue. Pulling his hips to me, as if he was trying to get away. 

He wasn't.

As I licked and sucked his asshole, my chin bumped against his tight balls. I moved back and looked at his cock. It was rock hard. 

So was mine. 

I stood up and took off my clothes, putting them on the same chair as his towel. 

Jim had moved behind me, fondling and caressing my cock and balls, both of his hands reaching around me, as his hard cock rubbed up and down the crease of my ass.

The light, almost tickling sensation of Jim's cock in the crease of my ass was driving me crazy. I found myself leaning back into him, rubbing against the warm hardness pushing at my ass. I closed my eyes as he pinched my left nipple while feeling up my smooth shaven nuts.

Holding me close to him, Jim turned me and, with his cock buried in my ass crack, urged me toward the bedroom. He was lightly biting and sucking on my neck. My cock was so hard, if I ran into anything it would have snapped off. I do not believe that I have ever been hotter in my life. Little did I know.

Entering his bedroom, Jim pushed me to the bed. As I started to lay down on my stomach, Jim held my hips and pulled me back, so my knees were just onto the bed, my hands toward the middle of the bed. Slapping my ass more playfully than painfully, Jim stepped to his night stand where a pink bottle of Baby lotion sat. He pumped the pump, putting a grape sized dollop of lotion on his finger, using his hand he pulled the cheek of my ass to one side as he plunged his lotion bearing finger into my ass hole.

He retrieved a little more lotion, wiping it in my ass crease, pushing some more into my ass hole.

Holding my hips, I felt the end of his cock nudging at my ass. After a few attempts, he got it lined up and pushed. 

The head of his black cock popped into my tight hole, bringing a rues of pleasure through my loins. 

Slowly sawing his thick cock in and out of my ass, my cock hung down, hard and dripping precum. He seemed to know just how to guide the head of his cock in my ass to bring maximum pleasure to me. 

We were really going at it, when a low soft voice interrupted our pleasuring each other.

"So you do like fucking asses, don't you, Jim honey."

I whipped my head around to see an extremely pretty, milk chocolate complexioned girl, leaning against the door frame, watching us. 

I simultaneously pulled off Jim's cock, making a sucking-popping sound as his cock was yanked out of my ass, and went from rock hard to soft and limp in a second.

"Oh, don't stop on account of me, guys." She said, smiling at us. 

Jim grabbed my hips, pulling me back to him. I felt his cock sliding back into my gaping ass hole. "It's okay, big fella," Jim said "This is Annette. I told her about us, and she asked to watch. I would have asked you, but I was afraid you'd say no." 

I looked from her to him, my ass still full of Jim's hard cock. I could feel him gently thrusting in and out, probably to keep himself hard in my ass.

"What the hell is going on, Jim?" I asked.

"This is Annette, the lady I was telling you about the other night, at the gym. She asked if she could see her competition."

"Competition?" I asked. "There is no competition. Let me go, I'll leave now."

"Please don't leave on account of me," Annette said in a throaty whisper. "I'd like to join you two, if it's okay with you." She said, looking straight at me.

Jim's gentle in and out in my ass had me back to about half mast, and looking at this very attractive girl, who was now almost half naked herself, didn't allow me to use any kind of rational judgement. 

"Do you like me?" she asked moving so her hands could touch me, running her fingers down my back. "Could I talk you into eating me while Jim uses your ass?"

She slid onto the bed, her smooth shaven pussy right below my face. 

Without a word, I lowered my head, my tongue running between her pussy lips. 

A long moan came from Annette's mouth, as she took my head in her hands, slowly humping up against my mouth as my tongue licked at her clit.

"Wait. I need you inside of me." She said. "Do you mind fucking me while Jim fucks you?"

I was puzzled until Jim, still buried in my ass, pulled me back by my shoulders. Annette quickly turned, and presenting her back side to me as Jim held me upright, my now fully hard cock sticking straight out in front of me, backed towards me. 

"You can put it in my ass or my pussy," she said, wiggling her bottom at me. 

My cock slid up the crack of her ass as she backed into me, sending a shiver up my spine. Annette reached behind herself, and grasping my cock, rubbed it up and down her crack. She held it against her ass hole. "Here, I think." She said, pushing her ass hole back against my cock. "Hold on" she said, dipping my cock to her pussy, she drove it into a couple of times, getting my shaft somewhat wet and lubricated. "Now" she said, holding me against her ass hole. 

I popped in easier than I thought I would have. Her ass felt wonderful.

We were all three fucking more or less as one, me on my knees with Jim's fat cock buried in my ass, and me, also on my knees, bent over Annette, my hard cock buried in her perfectly rounded milk chocolate colored ass.

Not much was said for several minutes, other than moaning and grunting, and gasping as we pleasured each other and ourselves.

I, for one, had never been a part of anything like this. Jim was using my ass to get himself off, while at the same time pressing against my prostate, forcing my cum up my shaft, which was, in turn, buried in a beautiful black girls asshole. I reached under Annette to touch her clit as I fucked her.

Strumming her clit with my finger, Annette launched into orgasm, her ass spasming and causing my cock to erupt, pouring my load into her velvety tight ass. In turn, my asshole spasmed, clenching his cock in a vise tight grip, causing him to fill my ass with his scalding hot cum. 

We fell forward onto the bed as one, rolling to our sides as we did. My arms around Annette, Jim's arms around me. We were all breathing hard. 

What a workout. Much better than the gym!