 Mike was twenty-seven, six feet tall, one hundred and eighty pounds with dark hair, and nice looking. He was working on his Master's thesis in the area of psychology and had been given the assignment of Sexual Arousal. He was intrigued and excited about the prospect. 

Strictly hero, Mike could understand heterosexual arousal and even homosexual arousal but bi sexual arousal made no sense to him. You were either gay or straight. He was having trouble with the concept when he went to his professor and told him of his dilemma. After explaining his predicament his professor made a call. After a brief conversation, Mike was told he could go and visit with John anytime this week.

Mike made the call and the following day he was sitting in John's living room. John, was a nice looking man in his late fifties with salt and pepper hair. A man who kept himself in shape.  The two men talked about all kinds of things until John steered the conversation to the real topic. Bisexuality. 

Mike explained that he just couldn't understand how a person could be aroused by both male and female. 

John spent time telling Mike that arousal was simply arousal. That it knew no gender and that it was a very natural part of life.  No one knew for sure if it was nurture or nature but that sexual arousal with something that happened and should be enjoyed. 

Mike was still perplexed and finally made the statement that he was straight as straight could be and would never be aroused by another man. There were several moments of silence when John finally said, "Would you be willing to let me prove my point? "

Mike was taken a back as John continued.

"If I can get you aroused without touching your genitals or ass, we have sex. If I don't, you have a great story for your thesis."

Mike thought about it and very confident said, "Sure." 

John smiled and said. "Follow me." 

Both men rose and John led Mike into his bedroom. In the middle was a king size bed. John began to undress and Mike was tentative but followed suit. When both men were naked John got in the bed and patted the spot next to him. Mike climbed in and lay on his back. 

"Just relax," John began. "Arousal is as much mental as it is physical." 

As John spoke he began to light caress Mike's hairy chest. 

"Arousal is letting to and allowing all the possibilities to take over." 

While nervous, Mike was beginning to relax. At first what John was saying and doing had no effect on Mike.

John kept talking in a very low voice. Mike had to move his head closer to hear and felt John's warm breath on his ear and neck as John kept lightly caressing Mike's chest. As he continued whispering John now began to caress Mike's nipples. Mike was becoming even more relaxed.

"The body, the cock, the balls, just feel pleasure, they don't discriminate between the one who is giving the pleasure." 

As Mike was thinking about it, suddenly his body began to take over. Try as he might he couldn't stop what was happening. Slowly, his cock began to rise. Lifting off his thigh and coming into full bloom in the middle of his black nest of hair. 

He closed his eyes and tried to will it away. Then he heard John's voice. "Hmmm look who has come out to play." 

With that John reached down and gave a couple of soft playful strokes to Mike's erection. 

Mike replied, "Guess I lost." 

John answered, "No, I think we both won." 

As John continued to stroke, he leaned over and places his lips on Mike's lips. Mike had never kissed another man before and as he lay there he wasn't sure what to do. Then he felt John's tongue press softly against his lips and his mouth parted. John entered slowly, his tongue touching Mike's. Mike sucked on John's tongue and his cock got even harder. 

The two men kissed and as John stroked Mike, finally Mike reach over and touched John's erection. Both men were now kissing and stroking each other. Their bodies pressed into each other as they kissed and caressed each other. 

John broke the kiss and kissed Mike's neck and then moved down to lick the younger man's nipples. 

Soon John had moved around Mike could feel the older man's breath on his cock. Then a soft kiss on the tip his cock and John massaged the younger man's balls. Then Mike felt John's mouth open and engulf his erection. He moaned loudly at the feel of the moist warm mouth on his cock. John began to suck and lick in earnest now and as Mike opened his eyes he saw John's cock. He looked at it and then moved closer. 

He leaned in and kissed the head of John's cock. Then his mouth slipped around the erection. To Mike's surprise he actually enjoyed sucking this man's cock. It was soft and velvety, but hard. His head bobbed up and down on John's erection as he caressed John's ass. 

Both men were working hard at pleasing each other. Even as Mike sucked and was being sucked he was still surprised at his discovery. He thought of his professor and wondered how he would put this in his paper. Then his mind drifted back to the pleasure and the pleasuring. 

Soon he felt his orgasm building. He wanted to cum but at the same time he wanted to keep going. He wanted to continue the pleasure but he also wanted to surrender and cum. The two men kept at it and all of a sudden Mike hit the point of no return. He thrust his hips gently forward and then he began to cum. He filled older man's mouth with his warm, pearly white cum. Wave after wave shot out of the end of his cock. 

As he was firing off the last few jets, he felt a drop of John's cum on his tongue, followed by the first torrent ejected from John's cock. It was warm, thick, and slightly salty. Mike kept sucking and swallowing as John moaned and shot his load. 

Finally the last few drops escaped from the end of John's cock. The two men rolled on their backs and just looked up at the ceiling in the darkening room. 

Mike began to drift off feeling content and totally relaxed. It was an awesome experience and one he would never forget. He then slipped into a deep sleep.