 Author's note

Hi there, thanks for taking the time to read this story. Please let me know what you think. This is my second story submitted anywhere, and is a continuation of, Workout Buddies, Chapter 1, The Bet. Folks seemed interested in the first chapter, so this is the first of several additional chapters that continue the story of Larry and Dave (and now Helen).

This story contains scenes of M/F, oral, anal, dominant/submissive sex, butt plug, cum eating, and M/M fantasy. If that offends you, please don't read. 

***

Summary

In Chapter 1, Dave and Larry make a bet about how well then can get in shape working out. Then they extend the bet. Larry says that if he wins, Dave will have to help him out with something. Dave agrees and then loses the bet. They both end up winning. 

In Chapter 2, Dave goes home to his wife Helen. He spends the night having some sexy fun with her. He shows her his shaved cock and balls, and gets her off while they watch a couple of bisexual porn videos involving husbands and wives with an extra guy. They have really good sex that night and fall asleep happy and contented, hopeful about what the future will bring to their sex life.

Support

The site you are reading this on can only continue with the support of loyal readers like you. If you enjoy this story, please consider donating to keep this story website up and running so erotic stories can be written and read by everyone. Thanks!

—————————————————-

Driving home from Larry's, Dave's thoughts were racing. One moment he was lustfully reliving what Larry did to him and felt his cock stiffen, the next he was worried about what Helen might say to him tonight when she saw his shaved groin.

Pulling into the garage, Dave saw Helen's car, and he got a bit nervous.

"Hi, Honey. I'm home," Dave called out, walking into the house.

"Boy, you looked like Larry worked you like a dog today," Helen replied while taking in his appearance.

"Yeah, we were prepping his first floor for paint and working in his garage. The heat and humidity made the job a bit sticky. I think I'll grab a shower before dinner," Dave said as he gave Helen a peck on the lips and started walking to the stairs.

"You go on; I should have dinner ready in about a half an hour," Helen replied, swatting his butt as he walked by.

Getting to the top of the stairs, Dave turned into their master bedroom and then walked through it to their master bath. He peeled off his t-shirt and jeans and threw them into the clothes hamper and then jumped into the shower. He took a good, long hot shower, paying particular attention to make sure all parts of his body were clean and had no remnants of his fun with Larry. Drying off, he stepped out of the shower and headed to his closet. He grabbed a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and opted not to put on any underwear.

Once dressed, he pulled out his tablet and made sure it still would project to their bedroom tv. He went to PornHub on his browser and opened tabs with a couple of mmf videos that he thought might do the trick. He put the tablet down on his bedside table, and then made his way down to their kitchen.

Going to the pantry, he asked Helen how much longer she thought it would be before dinner was ready. 

"Maybe ten minutes. Why? Are you starving?" Helen replied

"No, I just wanted to make sure I had time to open a bottle of wine to accompany our meal. What did you cook by the way?"

"Steak, potatoes and broccoli," Helen responded, checking the potatoes in the oven.

"OK, I'll pick out red wine," Dave called as he made his way to the back while of the pantry where they kept their small collection of wine."

Dave opened the wine he selected and put it on the kitchen table to breathe a bit. He then set the table and helped Helen serve their meal. Once they were both seated, Dave poured them each a glass of wine and offered a toast, "To us and, hopefully, an exciting evening."

"That sounds intriguing," Helen said as she sipped her wine. "Whatever did you have in mind to make the evening exciting?" she asked with a small smile and a twinkle in her eye.

"I'm sure we can figure something out. The boys are both out of the house, so we have the whole place to ourselves. But, if you don't want a massage, I don't have to give you one..." Dave stated as he started to cut into his steak.

"Mmmmm...that does sound relaxing. Yes, you can give me a massage after dinner then." Helen softly breathed as she set her wine down to start in on her meal. She wondered exactly what Dave had in mind, but figured he would soon clue her in. It had been a couple of days since they'd last made love, so she could do with some loving tonight.

After finishing their meal with the usual chit-chat between a husband and wife - each asking about the other's day, what they had planned for the next day, etc. - they cleaned up from dinner. Dave started massaging Helen's shoulders while she finished drying off the pans before putting them away.

"Stop it unless you are willing to finish what you start!" Helen scolded as she squirmed a bit under Dave's touch.

"Oh, I will finish all right," Dave responded. "Let's go upstairs and get comfortable. I still need to give you your full body massage."

They walked upstairs to their bedroom together, touching one another as they ascended the stairs.

"Now, I want you to strip and lay down on the bed," Dave commanded as he walked towards the bathroom to grab their massage oil.

Walking back into the bedroom, he was greeted with a beautifully naked Helen laying stretched out on her stomach on their bed. Her tight body still amazed him. It was hard to believe she had given birth to two kids. She was trim, lean and smoking hot.

"Well, are you going to give me my massage or what?" Helen asked, turning her head to look him in the eye as he approached the bed.

"Certainly, Ma'am. I'd be happy to service you tonight," Dave responded with a wink while squirting some massage oil into his hands. He quickly began rubbing it all over Helen's back and then started the slow and enjoyable process of kneading her back, neck and arms. Once Helen seemed a bit more relaxed, he oiled up his hands again and this time focused on her feet and legs. Once those were worked over nicely, he slowly moved up her legs and began to knead her perfect ass, the globes of flesh yielding to his firm touch, causing Helen to gasp a bit.

"How about some entertainment?" Dave asked as he turned on the tv and fired up his tablet. He started one of the milder videos and then asked Helen to turn over, so he could get her front. Helen quickly complied, and Dave began massaging her feet and worked his way up. His hand briefly passed over her nicely trimmed pussy, but then began massaging her fingers, hands, and arms. Finally, he oiled up again and got to work kneading and massaging Helen's heavenly breasts. Dave couldn't resist and sucked on her nipples as he continued to massage her breasts. Helen was moaning a bit at this point, and Dave dropped one of his hands down to brush along the outside of her pussy lips ever so slowly. His fingers traced her pussy lips up and down, slowly, and methodically, but not pushing into her pussy. He was trying to ensure she was in a bit of a sexual frenzy for what came next. His attentions had the desired effect, and Helen started squirming and moaning a bit louder.

Pausing, Dave switched the video to a bisexual husband with his wife and another male friend. Helen only partially watched the video as Dave continued to massage her breasts and began to work his finger into her pussy slowly, easing it into her. He slowly moved his finger in and moved it about and thrust it in and out. Helen responded accordingly and moaned a bit louder. Dave worked two more fingers into her pussy and worked to get in deeper to touch her G spot. Suddenly, Helen let out a loud moan, and Dave knew she had just orgasmed. He pulled his fingers out of her pussy and just played with her clit for a bit, alternating slowly tracing around her pussy lips and flicking her clit. He could tell Helen was rising to the occasion again and concentrated fully on her clit. He bent down and started sucking her clit, and Helen just gasped and moaned. Another orgasm! Dave was on a roll.

Dave reached over and grabbed a bit more oil and then started dribbling the oil over her pussy, so it dripped down her ass crack as well. He pushed his fingers into the pooled oil and worked it into her pussy, allowing his fingers to slide back in easily. He pushed and pulled at her cunt and pussy lips until he could tell she was almost ready and then focused on her clit again and Helen let out an even bigger moan and grabbed the back of his head. She pulled his head down into her pussy; Dave knew exactly what she wanted. He began expertly sucking and licking her pussy, causing further moans and groans to escape Helen. He nibbled on her clit, and she let out another loud groan - another orgasm!

"OK, I want to suck you!" Helen moaned as she tried to recover from her latest orgasm. 

"Nah, I want to make love to you now," Dave replied.

"David. I want to suck your cock. Now! Get out of those shorts and get into a 69 with me!" Helen commanded, being a cock-crazy slut at times like this. Dave knew he had no choice, so he quickly stripped off his shorts and swung onto the bed and put his cock into Helen's face while he tried to dive back into her pussy.

"Hey, what did you do?" Helen asked as she grabbed his cock with one hand and ran the other across his now smooth crotch and balls. "What happened to all your hair, baby?"

"Well, Larry and I saw a couple of the guys in the gym showers that had shaved cocks. We started talking about it and asked them why they did it. They all agreed that it made sex feel even better, plus their wives or girlfriends were more likely to give them a blow job without all that pubic hair in the way. Sounded like a good thing that a lot of folks are doing, so Larry and I decided we would do the same to try it out. Why? Don't you like it?" Dave responded, before going back to sucking on Helen's clit.

"No...no... I like it. I was just surprised but in a good way. I like how smooth you are now and enjoy being able to suck your cock without having to worry about getting your pubic hair out of my teeth later." Helen said before diving on Dave's cock and quickly deep-throating it.

Dave kept working on Helen's pussy, licking her outer lips and nipping at her clit. He reached over to their nightstand and reached in the drawer for their butt plug. He also grabbed the bottle of lube and squirted some into one hand. Then he coated the butt plug and then squirted more lube into his hand. He took that and pressed it slowly but firmly into Helen's ass checks until he found her rosebud. He tickled it a bit and rubbed the outer ring, sending shivers down Helen's spine. He then worked a finger into her ass as he continued to suck and lick her pussy. After a bit he added another finger and felt Helen twist in pleasure. Finally, he worked a third finger in to the second knuckle. Once he was sure Helen had adjusted to his finger invaders, he slowly started moving his fingers about, pushing and pulling at her hole, making sure it was stretched a bit. All the while he kept licking her pussy and Helen kept sucking his cock. 

Once he thought she was ready, Dave brought the butt plug into play. He eased it towards her asshole and then slowly pushed the head in past her ring. Her ass eagerly devoured the head and Dave could tell she wanted more. He steadily feed the butt plug into her ass until it was buried to the hilt. Helen began moaning with all the attention to her ass and pussy. She began sucking Dave's cock hard and massaging his balls, trying to get him to cum.

After several minutes, Helen was a bit curious. Dave still had not cum yet, and she was continuing to suck his cock. He normally couldn't last that long when she gave him a blow job. "Honey, you gotta cum for me. I want your cum now!" Helen implored.

"Babe, I just can't right now. Let me make love to you, and that should make me cum." Dave responded as he flipped up and around to press his cock into Helen's sopping wet pussy. With a small push, his cock was deeply buried into Helen. Dave began to slowly make love to her. As he sunk his cock deeper into Helen's pussy, Dave couldn't help but imagine Larry pushing his thick cock into his ass at the same time. That thought alone was enough to push Dave almost to the edge of orgasm. His mind continued to think of all the things he and Larry had done earlier as he continued to work his cock in and out of Helen's pussy.

Dave could tell the combination of his cock buried in her pussy and the butt plug in her ass was sending Helen into the throws of ecstasy. He bent down close to her ear and whispered, "It would be so hot fucking you with another guy. Can't you feel his cock right now fucking your ass? I bet you love that. I think you would love to have two real cocks at once, wouldn't you?"

In response, Helen just started moaning. The picture of her husband and some anonymous cock fucking her was too hot. She was in a daze and wanted to make Dave cum.

That talk also got Dave really worked up, in large part because he imagined fucking Helen with Larry and feeling Larry's cock when they both had their cock in Helen's pussy and ass. Thinking of that, Dave couldn't stand it and picked up his pace, pounding Helen's pussy hard. He felt his orgasm building and looked at the video playing, noticing that the husband's friend was about to cum in the wife on-screen. He again thought of Larry's cock and how good it felt in his hands and mouth.

Moving his mouth next to Helen's ear, Dave whispered, "I bet you wished we had a friend here right now, so he could fuck your pussy while I fucked your ass, just like they are doing on the video. That would be so hot."

Helen watched the orgasms play out onscreen and felt Dave's cock stiffen and jerk as he began to cum deep in her pussy. Well, two can play this game, Helen thought. "Well, if we had a friend here right now, he'd have just fucked my pussy and deposited his load there. I would tell you to lick my pussy clean. So, get to it," Helen commanded in a sultry voice.

Dave quickly flipped around again into a 69 with Helen with him on the bottom. He dove back into Helen's pussy, licking and sucking. Helen was a bit surprised he was so eager to do that as It was not something they had ever done before. She figured she'd surprise him too, so reached down and grabbed his cock and then began to lick him clean. As she was doing that, Dave's body tensed, and his tongue then dove deeper into her pussy, seeking out the last traces from his orgasm. Dave started pushing the butt plug in and out of Helen's ass too. He knew how much Helen loved a good ass fucking, so he built up steam on the butt plug and finally was pushing it into her ass in time with his tongue thrusts into her pussy. He was rewarded with a low moaning from Helen, and then he felt her body tense and then relax. Her pussy was flooded with her orgasm. Just as he finished up his task, he couldn't hold back another orgasm and felt his cock begin to spew cum into Helen's warm mouth.

Finished with her pussy, Dave turned around and moved in to kiss Helen. Helen smiled and pulled his face in close. She held his head tight as they began a deep French kiss. Then, Helen began to push the small bit of Dave's cum she'd held in her mouth into his. To her surprise, her husband greedily sucked it from her tongue and then probed her mouth for more.

"What has gotten into Dave tonight?" Helen thought as she stared into the eyes of her lover, friend, and husband. I don't know for sure, but I get the sense that it will bring even more excitement to our sex life. Helen turned to the tv and saw that Dave had started the last video. Like the previous video, this one featured a husband and a wife, as well as a male friend. But the male friend seemed to be in control of what happened - telling the husband and the wife what to do and made both of them please him. "Hmm. Maybe Dave secretly likes the idea of us being with another guy. I wonder though, would he do such things? I don't know. But it is probably just a sexy, kinky fantasy he has, which is fine with me. Of course, just imaging him sucking another guy's cock and doing what a guy tells him to do gets me so wet and always has." Helen thought as she drifted off to sleep, a slight smile touching her lips as she basked in the good feelings their lovemaking had brought.

Dave turned off the tv and shut down his tablet. He looked over to the bed and saw Helen sprawled out with a well-fucked look about her. He quietly grabbed his phone and snapped a couple of candid photos of her focusing on her bare ass and well-fucked pussy, making sure to capture both. He walked over to the bedside table and turned off the lights. 

Tonight with Helen went better than he expected. Larry should be happy to hear that he did everything he asked. What else Larry had in mind, Dave didn't know but figured he would find out soon enough. But he vowed again that he would not let anything jeopardize his relationship with Helen. He loved her too much to lose her. Well, I guess I might find out more tomorrow when I go back to help Larry, Dave thought as he drifted off to sleep, his arms wrapped around Helen, a smile on his face and his cock nestled in her ass crack, slowly stiffening, thinking of what it would be like for both of them to be with Larry, getting to watch Larry fuck Helen and then cleaning them both up.

He awoke in the middle of the night with his cock at full mast lodged between Helen's ass cheeks. Without any thought, he slowly pushed his cock forward and entered her pussy. He slowly pushed his cock in and out until she started to stir. 

"That's it stud, fuck me!" Helen whispered in his ear.

That was all the encouragement he needed. He sped up and fucked her hard. Again, she cried out and came at the same time Dave did. 

"Okay, Dave. You know what to do. Get down there and clean me up!" Helen quietly commanded.

"Yes, Ma'am." Dave quickly responded, slipping under the covers to start suckling on her pussy and licking up all his cum dribbling out. He worked his tongue in, out and around her pussy until all traces of his cum were gone. Dave ended his oral ministrations by focusing on Helen's clit, sucking and nibbling on it. He lost himself in the moment and imagined that instead he was sucking Larry's cock. His oral efforts intensified, causing Helen another set of mini orgasms from his talented tongue.

"I don't know what got into you tonight, but that was the hottest sex we ever had!" Helen sighed as she kissed Dave on the lips and held him in her arms as they both drifted off back to sleep.