 Workout Buddies:

Day 2 of Paying Off the Bet

(c) 2018. All rights reserved.

_____

Author's note

Hi there, thanks for taking the time to read this story. Please let me know what you think. This is my second story submitted anywhere, and is a continuation of, Workout Buddies, Chapter 1, The Bet. Folks seemed interested in the first chapter, so this is the first of several additional chapters that continue the story of Larry and Dave (and now Helen).

This story contains scenes of M/F, oral, anal, dominant/submissive sex, butt plug, cum eating, and M/M fantasy. If that offends you, please don't read. 

Summary

In Chapter 3, Dave returns the next day to continue "helping" Larry to work on paying off his bet. Larry is curious to find out how Dave's night with Helen went and also to start using his new cock slut again. Larry decides that hosting a celebratory dinner for Dave and Helen might be a good idea and has Dave invite Helen over. They two continue to work until about an hour before Helen is set to arrive and then they start prepping for dinner.

Support

The site you are reading this on can only continue with the support of loyal readers like you. If you enjoy this story, please consider donating to keep this story website up and running so erotic stories can be written and read by everyone. Thanks!

—————————————————-

Dave woke up the next morning around 7 am. He quickly grabbed a shower, being sure to clean his ass out well, kissed Helen goodbye and left home. He drove through a Starbucks and grabbed a coffee and breakfast sandwich. He knocked on Larry's front door at 7:57 am. 

Larry answered the door with a smile on his face, "You are very punctual, I like that Dave. Come in, come in. Good to see you made it, I wasn't sure you'd come back today."

Once Larry closed the door, he turned to Dave and said, "Strip cocksucker!"

"Look Larry, I just got here. I wanted to talk first. I brought you a coffee," Dave said as he held up the carrier with the two coffees in it.

Larry just moved over to Dave and slapped his ass. "I said, strip. Now cocksucker!" 

Dave still looked a bit confused, so Larry took the coffees and bag with Dave's breakfast sandwich, set them down on the hallway table and turned back to Dave. He grabbed Dave's t-shirt and started pulling it over Dave's head. Dave protested a bit and suddenly found himself on the ground with Larry on top of him. Larry pulled Dave's t-shirt off and then pulled down his shorts, noticing that Dave hadn't bothered to wear any underwear today. After pulling off all his clothes and his shoes, Larry told Dave to get up and follow him to the kitchen. On the way, Larry grabbed the coffees and bag. He set those down on his kitchen table as he sat down in one of the chairs. 

He simply pointed next to the chair and said, "Kneel." to Dave. Dave knew he didn't want to get Larry angry so he quickly knelt at the side of his chair. 

"Now, pull back my robe, and get in there and start sucking my cock, you slut!" Larry told him as he picked up his coffee. Dave reached up and pulled back Larry's robe, finding that he was completely naked underneath. He quickly shuffled forward and started licking and sucking Larry's cock.

"You know, you are a really talented cocksucker. But, we need to work on your obedience. You need to learn you do what I say when I say and everything will be okay. Now, I am going to stand up and bend over the table and you are going to start licking my ass while I enjoy my coffee." Larry said as he stood up, pulling off his robe completely and laying it over another kitchen chair. 

Leaning over the table, he spread his legs and made some room so Dave could get into his ass crack. Knowing that he had to comply, Dave firmly grabbed Larry's ass cheeks and pulled them apart to gain access to Larry's sweet brown hole. Dave slowly licked up and down Larry's crack and then began swirling his tongue around and back and forth across, Larry's rosebud. 

"Now, get your tongue in there and open my ass up," Larry commanded as he took another sip of his coffee.

Dave noted that Larry's skin tasted soapy clean and his asshole was very clean as well. He figured Larry must have cleaned himself out before he arrived.

"If you're wondering slut, yes, I did clean myself out for you. You are going to lick and suck my ass to get it ready and then you are going to lube me up and wil slowly fuck my ass when I tell you to do so. Do you understand?" Larry asked enjoying his coffee and the feeling of Dave's tongue digging into his ass.

"mmmm...hmmm." Dave responded as he continued to suck Larry's ass. Dave continued to focus on Larry's asshole while Larry finished his coffee. 

When Larry was done with his coffee, he turned to Dave and said, "Stand up, go over to the top cabinet there by the refrigerator and get the bottle of lube out and bring it over here."

Dave stood up and got the bottle of lube. Larry then told him to use that and lube up his asshole. Dave slowly worked in a lot of lube into Larry's ass. 

"Now, I want you to work some lube all over your cock." Larry instructed. "Good. Now I am going to take off my robe, bend over the table and you are going to slowly fuck me."

As Larry slipped out of his robe, he stood naked in all his glory. Dave was absorbed in the view of naked Larry and watched intently as he bent over. Dave moved behind him and lined up his cock with Larry's ass. He slowly pushed his cock forward between Larry's ass cheeks and ran it up and down Larry's ass crack enjoying the feeling. 

"Okay, that's enough, I want you to fuck me now, but go slow." Larry finally said.

Dave did as instructed and slowly pushed his rock hard cock into Larry's ass. He watched it sink inch by inch into Larry's ass. "Do you want me to hold up or keep going?" Dave asked.

Larry grunted as he adjusted to Dave's cock and replied, "I want you to take my phone and snap a couple of good pictures of your cock in me right now." 

Dave took the camera and snapped a few pics of his cock buried in Larry's ass. He passed the phone back to Larry so he could evaluate the photos he took. 

Larry smiled and said, "These look great. Now, I want you to keep going and start slowly fucking my ass."

Dave did just that and started to thrust slowly in and out of Larry's ass. He noticed that Larry had turned his phone around and was videoing the fuck session.

After he came, Larry told him to pull out and then get down on his knees and suck his cum out of his ass. Dave swiftly moved to obey and eagerly started sucking his cum out of Larry's ass. When he was finished, Larry let out a contented sigh and moved away to sit down in a chair facing Dave who remained kneeling. 

"Now slut, I want you to tell me what you and Helen did last night," Larry said staring into Dave's eyes. 

Dave proceeded to do so and Larry started to smile. 

"Very good slut. You did exactly as I told you. You deserve a reward. Here, you can eat your breakfast sandwich and drink your coffee." Larry said, moving the cup of coffee and bag across the table in front of Dave. 

Dave reached out and opened the bag and wolfed down the breakfast sandwich and then started drinking his coffee.

"Well, slut, I bet you are wondering what we will do today, aren't you?" Larry asked while staring at Dave as he finished his coffee. Dave nodded his head as he continued to drink his coffee.

"I am not going to tell you everything. But I will tell you that by the end of today you will be broken in as my new cockslut. You have already had a small taste of what I am like. If I tell you to do something, you need to do it immediately. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir, I understand." Dave said watching Larry.

"Okay, then. Let's go over the rules. When you come into my house, you are to be naked. You did a good job today not wearing underwear. Let's keep that going unless I tell you to wear underwear. But, you need to strip immediately after the front door closes. You will need to be punished for not following that rule. You appear to really enjoy cock, is that right?

"Yes, Sir. I love cock and I love your cock. I love sucking a cock and having it spurt in my mouth. I love getting fucked by a big cock. I love the sight of your naked body and your cock."

"Good to know, Dave. I would hate us to be doing something you didn't want to do or didn't enjoy. From what you said earlier, you did really good in doing everything I said with Helen last night. Now tell me, how did she react when you put on those videos?"

"She seemed to get a bit excited. I even whispered in her ear what you said and she seemed to have a real reaction to it. After I came in her pussy she told me to clean her up! She has never done that before. I think she thought we were role playing what was on the video. Then she surprised me and gave me my own cum when I went to kiss her after we finished the night off with another 69."

"Huh? Really? Okay, well then I think things are fine. You just keep doing as I say and I think everything will work out fine." Larry said as he continued to ponder the implications of Dave's revelations of his night with Helen.

"Now, when you are at my house, you are naked. I may want to have you wear gags, collars, butt plugs, cock rings, etc. You will do so without hesitation or you will be punished. Understand?" Larry asked. 

"Yes, Sir! I understand, Sir!" Dave snapped looking at Larry.

"Davey, I don't think you fully understand...yet. Stand up and assume the position!" Larry barked. Dave stood up, spread his legs and cast his eyes down. 

"Pretty good. Now stay there while I go get something." Dave stayed in that position while Larry left the kitchen. He returned in a few minutes with a long metal bar. 

"Do you know what this is?" Larry asked Dave.

"No, Sir!" Dave responded.

"This is a spreader bar. I attach your legs to it, and if you aren't so good, your balls too." Larry replied with a slight smile.

He bent down and snapped the bar to Dave's legs. He then undid something he had bunched up in his hand and wrapped it around Dave's balls and cock, snapping it into place. Dave could see a chain falling down from this device that almost touched the spreader bar. Larry bent down and snapped this chain onto the spreader bar, causing Dave to bend over a little so that Larry could snap it into place.

"Now, you see this can be a bit uncomfortable, especially if I add some weights or decide to paddle your ass while you are in that position, don't you think?"

"Yes, Sir!" Dave responded.

"No, cockslut! You do not think when we are having fun like this. You do as you are told!" Larry stated firmly as he grabbed the device around Dave's balls and pulled down firmly. Dave couldn't keep his balance and suddenly found himself kneeling again.

"No, cockslut. I did not tell you to kneel. Stand up and assume the position." With Larry pulling him up, Dave was able to re-assume the position.

Larry walked over to the nearby counter and reached into a drawer for something. He came back and suddenly Dave felt the smack of a wooden spoon across his bare ass cheeks. 

"Count them, cockslut!" Larry told him as he pulled back and swung again.

"Two!" Dave responded as the paddle hit his bare ass again.

"No, you didn't start with one. Start over." Larry replied as he swatted Dave's ass again.

"One! Sir!" Dave called out as he felt the paddle smack his ass again.

This continued until Dave finally called out "Ten! Sir!"

"Okay, Dave. I think now you might have a little bit better idea of what happens if you don't do as you are told. Right?"

"Yes, Sir!" Dave barked.

"Great." Larry glanced down and noted that Dave's cock was jutting out stiffly. "Hmmm, looks like you really are submissive and like punishment. Is that right, cock slut?"

"Yes, Sir! I don't know why, but when I get spanked or man-handled it always makes me get really hard." Dave replied.

"Now, as for what we are going to do today. We are going to paint my living room, since we didn't get to it yesterday. So go out to the garage and grab the paint and the rollers and bring them into the living room and I will meet you there." Larry said as he got up and walked out of the kitchen.

Dazed a bit, and still in the spreader bar, Dave thought for a moment he should ask Larry to let him out so he could get the paint and everything. Deciding that it wasn't what he was told to do, he hobbled his way out to the garage through the back door hoping no one really could see into Larry's backyard. Dave gathered up the paint and took it back into the house and made his way to the living room. He set it down on a drop cloth that was laid out and then went back to the garage to get the rollers. Walking back into the living room, he watched as Larry walked in from the hallway, now fully clothed in jeans and a t-shirt.

"Well, you did what you were told. As a reward, I will remove the spreader bar." Larry said as he bent down to unsnap the bar from Dave's legs. Larry left the material wrapped around Dave's cock and balls and stood up. 

"Okay, we will paint this room and then we can clean up and we are all done. Here is your roller." Larry said handing Dave one of the rollers he had brought in from the garage.

They spent the next several hours painting Larry's living room. Just about as normal as it would be with two friends tackling such a job, except one of them was naked with a very erect cock. Once the painting was done, Larry helped Dave move all the painting supplies back out to the garage.

"Well slut, I love seeing you like this - all hot and sweaty. Now bend over that chair." Larry commanded as Dave dropped off his final load of painting supplies.

Dutifully, Dave bent over the old chair they had used yesterday. Larry quickly snapped cuffs around Dave's legs and into the rings in the ground. Unlike yesterday, Larry then took Dave's hands and clicked them into cuffs hanging down from the rafters. Dave was now in a standing, spread-eagle formation. Larry quickly grabbed the large butt plug and lubed it up. He then walked over to Dave and began to run it back and forth in his ass crack, watching as Dave's cock grew even harder.

"I see someone wants to play more. Is that right slut?" Larry asked.

"Yes, Sir! Anything you want Sir!" Dave responded between the moans escaping his mouth.

"Good, then we will play." Larry said as he began to push the large butt plug deep into Dave's ass. Dave's cock swelled even more and was barely constrained by the webbing wrapped around it and his balls. Larry grabbed Dave's balls and told him to calm down. He continued to firmly hold Dave's balls until Dave's erection subsided.

"Good boy Davey. You are learning." Larry said enthusiastically. Larry snapped a belt around Dave's waist with a cross strap between his legs, and then quickly snapped the large butt plug to it so it would not leave Dave's ass. Larry stepped back and admired Dave's body on display. He moved forward and ran his hand up and down Dave's chest and then down to his crotch where he grabbed his balls again until Dave's erection lessened. Larry walked over to his workbench and began going through his drawers looking for something. Dave stood there and tried to concentrate on anything other than his current condition so that his erection would not return.

Larry came back to Dave with something in his hands that Dave couldn't make out. Larry ran his hands back and forth across Dave's chest and tweaked his nipples a bit as they became erect. Looking down he saw that Dave's erection was back again. Without a word, Larry then quickly snapped the clothespin in his hand over one of Dave's nipples and then did the other. Dave screamed loudly in surprise as his nipples were very sensitive.

"Shh, slut. No yelling!" Larry said as he moved back to his workbench, thinking he would have to fix Dave on that score. Finding what he wanted, he moved back to Dave and started to fit his discovery over Dave's head. 

"Open your mouth slut!" Larry commanded. Dave did as told and when he opened his mouth, Larry pushed the ball gag in. The next thing Dave knew, Larry had snapped the ball gag shut around his head.

"Okay, now you can go ahead and yell as much as you want. But it will only sound like a moan and that will just turn me on more." Larry said as he then took the riding crop in his other hand and forcefully struck Dave's bare ass. He was rewarded with a load moaning into the ball gag by Dave. Larry then used the riding crop to hit Dave's cock until his erection subsided again.

"Now slut, we already established that you are mine. We also established that we will do nothing that will hurt your relationship with Helen. If you agree, nod your head." Larry said.

Dave quickly nodded his head.

"Okay, slut, then here is what we are going to do. I really want to breed your ass today. And I want my cum to stay in your ass the rest of the day. But, to be fair to you so you don't get into any trouble with Helen, how about we all have dinner together here tonight, my treat?" Larry asked.

Larry saw the look of fear in Dave's eyes and quickly said, "No, you do not have to be naked and will not have to do what I tell you while we are around Helen tonight, Okay?"

Dave quickly nodded his head in agreement.

"Okay slut, then I am going to get your phone and bring it out here. I will let you call Helen and invite here over tonight for dinner to help celebrate my newly painted living room. Sound good?" Larry asked.

Dave nodded his head in agreement again.

"Okay, don't move, I'll be right back with your phone." Larry said as he walked out of the garage.

Standing there in shackles, Dave wondered how he had allowed things to escalate so quickly. He must have really missed this part of his life he figured. Oh well, dinner with Larry and Helen tonight to celebrate should be fun. I bet she'll want to make love again when we get home, Dave thought.

Larry opened the garage door disturbing Dave's thoughts. He realized he had lost his erection and his ass no longer felt so bad with the large butt plug stuffed into it.

Larry undid the ball gag and then bent down next to Dave.

"Okay slut, here's your phone." Larry said walking up to Dave. "Wait, you can't dial the phone or even hold it right now! Tell you what, I'll help you out. What is your code to unlock it?" He asked as he unsnapped the ball gag.

"6969" Dave slowly replied realizing he really didn't have a choice. Larry tapped the code in and Dave's phone unlocked.

Larry quickly re-attached the ball gag around Dave's head and left him for a bit as he walked behind Dave.

Larry started looking through Dave's photos and spotted the naked ones of Helen from last night that Dave had taken. Larry forwarded those to his phone. He also reviewed Dave's texts with Helen. Finally, he turned on the camera and started taking pictures of Dave standing suspended and naked in all his glory, being sure to capture a couple with the ball gag clearly visible. Once Dave realized that Larry was snapping photos of him, his cock got hard again.

Larry walked over to the workbench and set the phone down. Before walking back to Dave, he made sure the camera was in video mode and pointed at Dave and then pressed record.

"Okay Dave, I will now fuck your little slutty pussy. Do you want me to?" Dave started nodding his head in agreement. 

"Well, that's good, but remember, I don't particularly care what you want." Larry said walking around behind Dave. Larry quickly stripped off his clothes and grabbed Dave's ass. He pulled out the butt plug from Dave's ass and then rammed his stiff cock into Dave's hot ass. Dave screamed a bit into the ball gag as Larry rammed his cock home into Dave's ass. But, slowly, the sensation of Larry's big cock moving in and out of Dave's ass began to feel good and Dave was soon moaning and drooling around the ball gag and pushing his ass back into Larry. 
