 Author's note

Hi there, thanks for taking the time to read this story. Please let me know what you think. This is the fourth chapter in my Workout Buddies story.

This story contains scenes of M/M, M/F, MMF, oral, anal, dominant/submissive sex, cock sucking, butt plug, and cum eating. If that offends you, please don't read. 

Support

The site you are reading this on can only continue with the support of loyal readers like you. If you enjoy this story, please consider donating to keep this story website up and running so erotic stories can be written and read by everyone. Thanks!

—————————————————-

Dave and Larry "work" all day at Larry's place. Larry makes Dave strip and service his cock. Larry works on Dave's ass, putting in a bigger butt plug and making Dave keep it in while making him sit down in front of Larry and lick his balls. 

Larry has Dave get them both beers, and the fun continues. Larry places a cock ring on Dave and sees the effect the day has been having on his friend - his cock is hard, and precum is leaking out all over the place. Larry makes Dave lick up all his mess from the floor and then get back to licking Larry's balls. 

Larry decides he needs to blow his load and finally pumps his cock until he spurts cum all over Dave's face. He makes Dave keep his face like that until lunch and then tells him to lick it clean. While Dave works on that, Larry thinks of what else he can do with Dave.

Early afternoon, Larry tells Dave to call Helen and invite her over for dinner as a thank you from Larry for keeping Dave tied up all weekend. 

Helen thinks Larry's invitation is nice and thoughtful. As Dave requested, she puts on a sexy summer dress along with her set of sexy bra and thong and grabs a bottle of wine on the way out the door. When getting ready for dinner, during her shower she trimmed up her pussy so that it was nice and neat, with just a landing strip at the top. A trimmed pussy always drove Dave crazy; she thought as she worked on it in the shower.

"Hi, Helen! I'm so glad you could come over. I wanted to thank you both for allowing Dave to help me out this weekend." Larry greeted Helen as he let her in his house promptly at 6 pm.

"No problem. I'm glad Dave could settle your friendly wager by helping you out. Now, what have you done with my husband?" Helen asked as she walked further into Larry's home.

"He's back in the kitchen putting the finishing touches on dinner. I thought it might be nice to eat out on the patio tonight. Dinner should be ready in a bit. Can I get you some wine before dinner?" Larry asked as he guided her back through his home to the kitchen where Dave was busy checking on the broccoli and baked potatoes.

"That would be nice," replied Helen as she walked up behind her husband and kissed him on the cheek. 

Dave looked up from what he was doing and smiled. 

"Hey, baby, good to see you. What have you been doing all day?" Helen asked.

"We were painting Larry's living room. And we did a few other things and finished up late morning. Then we decided to hang out and relax. We watched a ball game and got dinner started. Here's a drink for you," Dave said turning around to face Helen and handing her a drink while planting a loving kiss on her lips.

"Let's go back to the patio," Larry said while gathering up the steaks and grilling supplies. "Dave can you bring the potatoes, broccoli and the salad. Helen, could you bring our drinks?"

"Sure thing Larry" Dave responded as he picked up the steaks.

"I've got the drinks," Helen said, picking up Dave's and Larry's drinks.

"Okay, the patio is this way," Larry said, leading them to the patio door that led to his backyard.

Larry walked over to the grill that he had started a while ago, noting that it was up to temp and ready to grill. He took the steaks from Dave and placed them on the grill.

Dave and Helen sat down at the patio table, facing Larry and began to have a conversation with Larry, asking about the house and what he's done to it.

All the while, they continue drinking the wine spiked with Larry's mood enhancers. 

The steaks are finished, and Larry sets one on each plate and places the plates down in front of each of their place settings at the patio table.

They continue to drink the spiked wine, and the topics of discussion turn risqué. 

"When did you first sex? Who did you have sex with first? How often do you have sex now? What is the most fun you have had naked?" and similar questions kept the conversation lovely during dinner.

Finally, once dinner had been consumed, Larry suggests that they all jump into his hot tub at the side of his patio to relax. Helen protests that she doesn't have a suit. After some convincing, Larry and Dave convince Helen to get in first and to wear her bra and panties while they take the plates and dishes into the kitchen and to get more supplies.

In the kitchen, Larry says, "Dave, follow my lead. I think Helen is interested in things. We all might have a lot of fun tonight."

Panicking, Dave replied, "Wait, Larry. This is too quick. There is no way Helen is up to do anything like what you're suggesting. Let's just enjoy the evening."

"Listen, cock slut. You are too close to this. I am telling you that Helen is ripe for the picking. I will not push things too hard or fast. But, if she responds, then we will know soon, and we will have some fun. If I had to guess, I think she has secretly wanted to watch you suck a cock. But I could be worn on that."

"Larry, just be cool. Helen has never mentioned anything like that to me. So just let things as they are." Dave pleaded.

"Well, does she know that you like to suck cock?" Larry asked.

"What does that have to do with anything?" Dave replied, grabbing the tray with the supplies to take back out to the patio.

"My point is, she knows nothing about your desires. So isn't it possible that you don't know about all of her desires?" Larry asked.

"Yeah, I guess it is possible. But unlikely in my view." Dave replied.

"Okay, so we'll see how things go," Larry responded turning to walk back out to the patio.

Larry and Dave bring out a tray with some wine and crackers, and they continue the evening. Both Larry and Dave strip down to their underwear. Helen notes that she doesn't recall seeing Dave wear that pair before (and that was for good reason as Larry had loaned Dave a pair of his trunks so that he could keep the butt plug hidden for as long as possible). 

After a long discussion of sex, sex partners, the best sex they've each had and the most outrageous sexual thing they've done. They start playing truth or dare. 

Helen tells Larry, "Kiss Dave," thinking that he won't. 

Larry stands up in the hot tub and walks over to Dave, bends down and plants a deep kiss on his lips. Helen got a good view of his wet, thick 9-inch cock visible through his wet trunks, which she eyed lustily. 

When it was his turn, Larry asked Helen, "Show us your tits."

Helen put up a slight protest, but Larry easily convinced her to go for it. She did, and both men let out appreciative sounds and nods. 

Dave had his turn next and told Helen, "Lick Larry's cock through his trunks." 

After much protest, she "reluctantly" did so, teasing Larry with the way she did long licks of his cock over his trunks. 

Before it was Helen's turn again, Larry asked her, "Are you a betting woman?"

Looking a Larry, Helen responded, "Sure, what do you have in mind? 

"Well, if you can ask Dave to do something sexual that he refuses to do, then you can have me do whatever you like tonight," Larry said with a sly grin. 

"And what happens if you win?", Helen asked. 

"Well, then turnabout is fair play, right?", Larry asked. 

"Sure, okay." 

So, after a bit of thought, Helen said, "Dave suck Larry's cock."

Dave just sat in the hot tub too startled that Helen would have asked that. Larry then stood up and pulled down his trunks and stepped out of them, tossing them onto the patio. He walked up to Helen with his growing 9-inch cock springing out from his body and asked, "You want Dave to suck this cock?"

"Yes, that's my dare for him."

Larry then slowly moved over to Dave and presented his cock. Larry slowly moved his cock closer to Dave's face. Then, to Helen's total shock, Dave opened his mouth and began to lick and suck Larry's cock. 

Larry just looked at Helen and said, "A deal is a deal. So, for the rest of the night, you have to do what I say. First thing, I want you to do is finish taking off all your clothing, so take off your panties."

Helen stood up, and both men finally saw that she was wearing a thong.

"Oh my god, she looks so hot," thought Dave as he continued to suck Larry's cock.

"Very nice," Larry simply stated watching Helen remove the thong and fling it up on the patio.

"Now, I want you to come over here and give Dave a hand sucking my cock," Larry commanded.

Helen got up in a daze and walked over to them across the hot tub. Getting down next to her husband, she reached out with her tongue and started battling him to suck and lick Larry's cock.

On her next turn, Larry again made her a proposition, "I will give you one more chance. If you can come up with something that Dave won't do, then I will be yours and Dave's for the rest of the night." 

Helen thought about it and said, "No, the stakes are a bit higher than that. Let's say for two weeks. I also assume that if I win you agree to be Dave's and my plaything for the same period?"

"Yes, okay" Larry agreed. 

Helen thought about the dare should give Larry and Dave. Then she thought she hit on something her husband would never do. "Okay, Dave and Larry, I dare Larry to fuck Dave's ass."

Dave stared at Helen for a moment like a deer caught in headlights, unmoving, and Larry just smiled serenely at her.

"Okay, cocksucker, get up. Now strip!" Larry stated walking toward Dave.

Helen was jarred by Larry's words and watched as her husband took off his trunks and revealed a belt around his waist. Larry bent down and unsnapped it and then threw it up on the patio.

"Now turn around and bend over the tub edge," Larry commanded. Dave quickly complied.

"Helen, do you see this?" Larry asked, pointing to the black nub sticking out of her husband's ass.

"Yes, what is it and why was Dave wearing a belt under his trunks?" Helen asked.

"Because I told him to of course. You see, I fucked your husband earlier today and wanted him to keep my cum in his ass pussy for as long as possible. So, I shoved a butt plug up his ass and put the belt on to make sure it stayed in."

"Wow. Really? Dave, you already let Larry fuck you?" Helen asked staring at her husband.

Dave stared down and wouldn't meet Helen's gaze as he softly replied, "Yes, I let Larry fuck me this afternoon."

Helen was stunned. No, Dave wouldn't do that, they're just playing with me. She saw Larry wink at Dave! Dave then proceeded to bend over bracing himself against the side of the tub with his ass sticking out toward Larry. Larry proceeded to lick and suck Dave's ass to get him good and wet. Helen was floored. Larry was licking Dave's ass! 

"Okay guys, you got me and had your fun. Now let's start partying. Dave, what do you think we should do with Larry?"

Larry, looked over at Helen, smiled and said, "Oh, we're not playing, and we're not done yet. I was just lubing up your husband's ass before I fucked it. Just common courtesy."

Seeing Helen's reaction to his and Dave's actions, Larry looks at Dave and says, "Slut, tell Helen about our bet."

Dave looked frantically at Larry like a deer caught in headlights and then back to Helen. 

Helen just smiled and asked, "Dave, what was this bet that Larry mentioned?"

"Well. You see." Dave stammered trying to collect his thoughts.

"What your slut of a husband is trying to say is that we had a bet as to which one of us could pack on more muscle at the gym after a month. I won the first bet, but he thought he was figuring things out and could take me, so I agreed to extend the bet if he agreed to do whatever I said such as helping me out around the house. Well, while Dave did a good job, I ended up beating him. When he came over yesterday, I decided to test the waters a bit. It turns out I caught your hubby staring at my cock several times in the showers at the gym. But it seemed to me more like lust in his eyes. So, yesterday, I spiked a drink I gave him, then tied him up. He was very horny and needed relief badly, so I started asking him about things, and he admitted that he wanted my cock. 

So, I gave it to him if he agreed to be my cock slut. He eventually agreed, but only after making me swear that I would do nothing to cause a problem with his relationship with you or the rest of your family. I agreed but gave him a couple of tasks last night to test the waters with you. You reacted better than I hoped, so I had Dave invite you over to dinner. Once I heard your reaction to the videos last night and how you ordered him to clean up your pussy, I knew it was only a matter of time before you both would be my little cock sluts. It was obvious to me that you got off on the idea of making Dave serve you sexually and for him to suck cum out of your pussy just like in the videos. I also figure that one of your darkest sexual desires is to watch Dave suck cock and. Maybe, watch him get fucked. Perhaps I'm wrong. But judging by your reaction to Dave sucking my cock just moments ago, I think not. So, I think you will love watching me fuck Dave right in front of you. But I am a man of my word and will only keep you both for the next two weeks.

So now you know what your husband and I have done, and you have taken part in things too a bit. I need to make sure you are okay with this and won't do something silly like get mad at Dave and divorce him. He loves you immensely." Larry finished, looking into Helen's eyes.

Helen thought a bit and then replied, "Thank you for telling me, Larry. Now, Dave, why didn't you tell me about your bet and what you did with Larry? Are you embarrassed by it? Do you think I would leave you? Why weren't you open and honest with me?"

"Honey, I love and adore you. I could not imagine not sharing our lives. As I said, I lost the bet and Larry brought something out of me that I had hidden away since college. I never wanted to bring that side of me back out since I met you until Larry put me in that position yesterday. I was afraid you would reject me and think less of me because I like to suck cock and get fucked. I should have had the strength to be completely honest with you and tell you that I am bisexual, but I feared losing you too much to do that. I understand if you want to divorce me. I want you to be happy. But I want you to know that I do love you and I do not want a divorce." Dave replied.

"While I am disappointed that you did not trust me enough to be completely open and honest with me, I do love you and understand why you did what you did. But you can never fail to be open and honest with me again. If you aren't then I will divorce your ass. Understood?" Helen asked.

"Yes, honey, I understand" Dave replied, smiling at Helen over his shoulder and giving her a warm smile, "I love you so much. I am glad you understand why I did what I did."

"Thanks, but you don't get off that easily mister. I will have to give some thought to a suitable punishment for you. When we are alone, you are going to have to fill me in on what you meant by "back in college." But, let's enjoy the evening. Don't be nervous or afraid of letting me see what you want to do with Larry or a guy. I will not divorce you. Nor could I ever think less of you. You are my man. I love you no matter what. I've imagined you sucking cocks and getting fucked on and off for years. But I always thought it would only ever be a fantasy. You never gave me any hint that you might like cock. Hell, we never even watched male-male-female porn together until last night! But, to see you suck Larry's cock and now about to get fucked, is the fulfillment of some of my deepest fantasies for us. You have made me very happy tonight doing that. So, let's keep enjoying the evening, okay?"

"Okay, let's" Dave replied, 

Finally, Larry broke in and told Helen, "Now watch!"

With that, Larry brought his engorged cock up to rub along Dave's ass. Helen watched mesmerized as her fantasy played out in front of her eyes. Dave was about to be fucked by a big, handsome guy with a large cock. Larry slowly pushed his cock into Dave's ass. Dave grunted a bit in discomfort as he adjusted. Larry let his cock just sit there for a while, so Dave's ass got used to the invasion of his cock. Then Larry started to slowly push his cock in and out of Dave's ass.

Helen stood mesmerized. As Larry started to pick up steam, Dave appeared to start pushing his ass back into Larry! Involuntarily, Helen's hand made its way down to her pussy and started rubbing her clit watching the scene in front of her.

Then Dave said, "That's it, Larry, fuck my ass. My wife wanted to see it, so show her how you can fuck my ass! I bet she will cum from just seeing this. Look at her; she's playing with herself already!"

After saying the last, Dave looked back at Helen with a smile on his face. He noted that Helen's hand was now furiously friggin her pussy. Then Helen shuddered and felt her body spasm in orgasm.

"That's right, slut, get good and worked up while I fuck hubby here," Larry said turning to watch Helen's performance as he continued to fuck Dave. "I want my sluts hot to trot, and I think you like the idea of your hubby being used by me, isn't that right?" Larry asked.

Helen just kept playing with her pussy. She kept staring at Larry's cock as it continued its assault on Dave's ass. She was hypnotized by what was occurring just a few feet from her.

"Slut, answer me!" Larry commanded Helen as he continued to work his cock into Dave's ass.

"Yessssss," moaned Helen, "that is my deepest fantasy, to watch a big, handsome man with a great cock dominate my husband while I get to watch."

"Oh?" Larry responded turning back to Dave. "Dave, did you know that Helen wanted to watch you get dominated by a guy?"

"Hmmm. No. She never mentioned that Larry. Fuck my ass harder! Let's give her a show!" Dave yelled as he started to push his entire body back into Larry.

Larry continued his assault on Dave's ass, and Helen watched mesmerized as Larry's ass flexed with each thrust into Dave's ass. He buried his entire 9-inch cock into Dave's ass. She didn't know if she could even handle that. But Dave did and was thrusting back against Larry. Hard. Without any other thoughts, she reached down and started rubbing her clit even harder in time to the thrusts of Larry's buttocks and with her other hand started pinching her nipples. She was soon loudly moaning in pleasure. 

Larry's ass tensed, and Dave said, "That's it, Larry, breed my ass. Fill my ass up with your cum for my slut wife to see. She wants to see it, so just let go and flood my ass now."

With that Larry felt his orgasm overtake him, and he grabbed Dave's waist tightly, pulling Dave into him and pushed his cock deep into Dave's ass. 

"Oh God, your ass feels so good!" Larry moaned as he unloaded his balls deep into his friend's ass.

Feeling Larry's cum splatter his insides sent Dave into his orgasm, and his cock started erupting cum all over the side of the hot tub without him even touching it.

Helen moved in and started sucking Dave's cock clean. All the while looking in wonder at Dave and Larry.

Larry looked down at her and said, "Okay, you lost. I'll be fair. But here are the rules for the next two weeks. You are mine, and so is Dave. You can have orgasms only when I say. When you are around me, you are always to be naked unless I say otherwise. When you are at home, and the boys aren't there, you both are to let me know and remain naked until you expect them back. You will both keep your groins clean shaven. You can help each other with that, but you always must ask permission if you want to orgasm. I may give it and I may not. But if I find out that you have orgasmed, and I did not allow you to do so, you will be punished. When you are at my house, you are mine to do with as I please. You cannot get angry at the other person for whatever I have them do. You will both suck and fuck other people and me and be fucked by me and other people during the next two weeks. Everyone will have a clean bill of health, or they don't get to play. We will discuss things at the end of the two weeks to see what everyone thinks and wants to do going forward.
