 (C) 2018. All rights reserved.

______________________________

Author's note

Hi there, thanks for taking the time to read this story. Please let me know what you think. It is my first story submitted anywhere. If folks are interest, I have a couple of additional chapters I might write that continue the story of Larry and Dave.

This story contains scenes of M/M, oral, anal, shaving, dominant/submissive sex. If that offends you, please don't read. 

Summary

Dave and Larry make a bet about how well then can get in shape working out. Then they extend the bet. Larry says that if he wins, Dave will have to help him out with something. Dave agrees and then loses the bet. They both end up winning. 

—————————————————-

Larry looked down as David finished licking the cum off his cock.

"Good boy, Davey," Larry said as he smiled down at Dave. "Now, what did I say?"

"Mmmmmm.....you said....mmph....that....mmmph....that I need to learn to deep throat your cock, Sir."

"That's right I did." Larry said still smiling down at Dave.

Looking up at Larry, Dave recalled how he came to be sucking his workout buddy's cock in his living room. That's right it all started about two months back when Larry and he started stepping up their workouts at the gym. Both being in their 40s, they wanted to pack on a bit more muscle and lose a few pounds. Larry easily packed on some lean muscle while Dave struggled, but they had a bet about who would look better at the end of the month.

"Dave, just admit I've won and you can pay up now, no worries. Buy the first round at Frank's Bar tonight," Larry said as he and Dave walked to the changing room.

"Larry, I'm not ready to admit defeat just yet. I think I am figuring things out and I should start to put on some more muscle," Dave said opening up his locker.

"OK, but at this point, I've won. Why should we keep going with this?" Larry asked talking off his shirt and throwing it into his gym bag.

While he was thinking of a response, Dave looked over at his friend as he stripped off his short and underwear in one swift motion. The sight of Larry's long, thick cock mesmerized Dave for a bit and he forgot to respond. Larry noticed his friend was having trouble responding and what he was looking at. He had always suspected that Dave was bisexual, even if he had a stunner of a wife at home. But, the look in Dave's eyes as he gazed at Larry's cock, made him think he had him figured out.

Thinking quickly, Larry said, "Look, how about, if I win, I get to have you do something for me to be determined later?"

"Huh? Like what?" Dave replied as he quickly removed his workout gear so they could go hit the showers.

"I don't know genius, that is why I said to be determined later. Could be something like helping me move furniture around or hauling stuff out to the dump. That work for you?" Noticing Dave's hesitation, Larry quickly added, "Tell you what, I'll make this new part of the bet run for a full month from today. Sound good? What do you have to lose?"

What indeed, Dave thought as he pondered it. Sex still being on his brain, his brain was a bit slow and he couldn't see any downside and agreed, "Ok, Larry. It's a bet. I'll have packed on more muscle than you a month from now."

The two friends and workout buddies shook on it and hit the showers. Hanging up his towel, Larry caught a quick glance at Dave's butt and slightly smaller cock and balls. This should be interesting, he thought turning the water on.

A month later, Dave and Larry had one of the trainers measure their thighs, arms, waists and compared it to the original measurements they took when they made the bet. Larry managed to edge Dave out in enough categories that he won the bet.

Dave asked him, "OK, so what do I have to do to settle this bet. I honor my bets. So let's get it straightened out because I don't want you thinking I am not going to pay up,"

"OK, then you can come over to my house this Saturday...say around 10 am." Larry told Dave, "and we can get squared away then."

It being Wednesday, Dave waited a bit curiously until Saturday trying to figure out what Larry was going to make him help out with. Maybe he needed to do some landscaping or build something, he thought. Oh well, I'll find out Saturday. Friday night, Dave and Larry met at Frank's Bar to unwind from the week. As they were leaving the bar, Dave asked Larry, "What should I wear to your place tomorrow to help you out?"

"Hmmm....that is a very good question," Larry answered, appearing to give it some thought. "Well, you'll be moving a bit, so maybe you should wear some jeans and a work shirt as well as a jock strap - I don't want you to get hurt helping me out."

Dave didn't think too much of it and they said their goodbyes.

At 10 am Saturday morning, Dave knocked on the door to Larry's house which was set back on a secluded lot.

A smiling Larry opened the door, "Ready to pay off your debt?" He asked Dave.

"Sure, what do you want me to do?" Dave asked walking into Larry's home.

"First, leave your shoes at the door. I don't like folks tracking dirt through the house. Now, follow me to the kitchen and grab yourself a coffee."

Walking down the hall to the kitchen, Larry let Dave go first. As they got to the kitchen, Larry smacked Dave on his ass and told him the coffee pot was on the counter and mugs were in the cabinet above.

Dave grabbed a mug and poured himself some coffee. Larry had gone to his pantry and walked over towards Dave.

"Here, let's make it an Irish," Larry said as he poured some Bailey's into Dave's mug.

They sat down at the kitchen table and started to just shoot the shit. Finally, Dave was a bit perplexed and asked Larry when he wanted to get started.

Larry looked at Dave and asked, "Do you feel warm?"

"Now that you mention it, I do" Dave replied.

"OK, I figure we can paint the family room today. So if you want to take off your shirt or your jeans to keep them clean and perhaps cool off a bit, go ahead." Larry said as he picked up his coffee and walked out of the kitchen to the family room. Dave followed. After hesitating a bit, he finally decided to take off his shirt since he had started sweating. After that he grabbed a roller that Larry had laid out and went to get some paint from the can sitting out on the paint cloth.

"OK, hold on, I think I grabbed the wrong color paint. Let me go grab the right one. Make yourself at home while I do that," Larry told Dave as he scooped up the paint can and walked towards his back door that would take him out to his workshop.

"Nah, I'll come with you," Dave said as he followed Larry out.

"Suit yourself," Larry said opening the door to his workshop.

The workshop was dark until Larry flipped the lights on. The workbench to the side, had a bunch of paint cans on it and Larry walked right over to it. "Have a seat while I figure this out," Larry said point to a chair in the corner of the room. Noticing the sweat covering Dave's face and chest, he asked, "Still hot? Go ahead and take your jeans off too, only us guys here. Should help cool you down."

Sitting down, Dave decided Larry was right and quickly shucked off his jeans and sat in the chair waiting for Larry to find the paint he wanted to use. Wearing just a jock strap, his bare ass started cooling off when he sat down on the chair.

"Whew, I am really hot," Dave said wiping his brow again.

"You certainly are!" Larry said as he walked toward his friend. "Just look at you, your nipples are erect, and your cock is jutting out at half-mast already. That jock strap isn't doing much to keep it contained. I bet you have crazy, erotic sex thoughts flooding your brain right now."

Why was Larry saying those things to him? Dave thought as he struggled to follow his friend's words. All he could think of was how hot he was and how much he wanted to have sex. Hell, he felt like a teenage boy that hadn't jerked off for a week! Looking over at Larry, he managed to mumble, "Man, I don't feel so good." And then slumped back in the chair with a dazed expression on his face.

Well, that special cocktail he spiked Dave's coffee with certainly worked fast, Larry thought as he walked over to his friend. He quickly snapped the handcuffs he had in his back pocket on Dave's legs securely attaching him to the two bolts that were set in the concrete floor of the workshop.

Nudging Dave, Larry said, "Davey, I want you to look at me....Look at me Davey."

Smiling, Dave looked up a t Larry.

"Good boy Davey!" Larry cooed as he moved his face closer to him. "I will not hurt you, but you will be starting to pay off your bet today. After today, if you don't like it, we will never discuss it again, but if you do like what we do, you will admit it to me, ok?"

Puzzled by what Larry meant, Dave said, "Sure Larry, whatever you want. Can you help me up?"

"Not right now. I need to ask you a couple of questions and I want you to be honest with me, ok?"

"Sure, Larry. What do you want to know?" as slightly dazed Dave responded, his head a bit fuzzy while he tried to focus on what Larry was saying.

"I saw how you looked at my cock back in the changing room at the gym when we made our add-on bet. So, have you ever been with a guy before?"

"Umm, I don't want to talk about that Larry. Let me up."

Larry gazed sternly at Dave as he reached out and twisted one of his nipple.

"Ow! Hey, stop it man." Dave cried

"Just answer my question and I will."

"Ok, alright. Yes, back in college....my roommate and I used to screw around."

"What did you do Davey?"

"I did whatever he told me to do."

"Excellent. Well, now you will do the same thing for me, isn't that right? You want to make me happy, don't you Davey?"

"But what will Helen think? I'm married now. It is different than college." Dave replied while staring at the growing bulge hiding underneath Larry's jeans.

"Right now, you have to worry about settling our bet buddy, not about Helen. But, what you do with a guy should not count against your marriage-you just shouldn't be unfaithful with another woman." Larry said as he placed his hands on Dave's shoulders.

"OK, that makes sense," Dave said smiling up at Larry. "So what do you want me to do?"

"I think you can start things off today by getting my cock out, ok?" Larry replied my moving his hips suggestively. "I want you to carefully unzip my fly and fish out my cock."

Dave slowly moved his hands towards the zipper on Larry's jeans. He'd fantasized about this many times, but never thought he would ever get to do it. He had no idea that Larry was bisexual or a dominant. Slowly, he pulled Larry's zipper down and gently moved his hands into the opening. Feeling around, he immediately could tell that Larry was going commando. Feeling Larry's hardening cock, he slowly brought it back through the opening.

"Gently," Larry implored, "I don't want my cock getting cut on the zipper."

Dave just sat there gazing with desire at Larry's cocking jutting out through his jeans. As if in a trance he slowly lowered his head down to take the tip into his mouth and slowly began to suck.

"Ohhhh...that's it," Larry said while exhaling his held breath. "You're good at that!"

Dave continued to suck and lick Larry's cock. After a bit, Larry wanted to change things up a bit and pulled away. He quickly undid his jeans and let them drop to the ground.

"Now suck my balls Davey!" Larry commanded as he moved back in front of him. Dave eagerly dove in and sucked Larry's balls, together and each by itself. Larry could feel his cock stiffening and he pushed Dave off.

"OK, cockslut - since that is what you are — I am going to use you the rest of the day. Are you ready?"

"Oh, god yes! I've dreamed about this but never thought you would be into this type of thing."

"Well, Davey, you are about to learn just what I am into then, aren't you?" Larry said smiling down at Dave.

"First, some rules. You cannot touch your cock unless I tell you that you can. That means after we are done here today too. Second, you can't cum unless I tell you to. You will do what I say when I say to do it. Failure to obey these rules will result in punishment. Do I make myself clear?" Larry asked Dave in a commanding voice.

"Yes, I understand," Dave said.

"What was that?" Larry replied.

"I understand, SIR!" Dave responded.

"You are a quick learner! I like that Davey! Now how's about we have some more fun?" Larry asked as he stood Dave up.

Dave's cock was now jutting straight out from his abdomen, the jockstrap unable to contain it.

"Looks like your cock has a mind of its own!" Larry noted appraising Dave's naked body. "You really put on some nice muscle tone during our contest. From your nipples and cock standing erect, I take it you are enjoying this, is that right?"

"Yes, SIR!" Dave responded,

"Ok, Davey, then here's what I want you to do now. Keep your hands away from your cock and slowly turn around."

When he was turned around, Larry said, "Now grab the arms of the chair and bend over."

Dave did and prepared himself, he hadn't been fucked in a very long time. He thought this might hurt.

Instead, he felt some cool liquid splash on his butt and then down his ass crack. The liquid dribbled slowly down his ass crack until he could tell it must have passed over his rosebud. Slowly he felt Larry push a finger into his ass until he felt the first knuckle slide in. Then Larry started to slowly work another finger into Dave's ass. Once the second finger was past the second knuckle, Larry added a third finger. Larry's fingers kneaded Dave's ass and worked to open up his ring. After about 10 minutes, Larry thought Dave was ready and reached over to his workbench and grabbed the butt plug he had left there pre-lubed. He slowly removed his fingers. Dave wondered what was going on, but then felt something else at his ass. Slowly, Larry pushed the butt plug into Dave's ass, expanding it a bit, until it was fully lodged in place.

"Now turn around and sit back down," Larry told Dave. Dave did as he was instructed and was again sitting on the chair facing Larry's cock.

"Now, I want you to suck my cock, lick the shaft, fondle my balls and get me good and hot. I want you to give me the best blow job you can so that you make me cum. Can you did that?" Larry asked

"Yes, I can Sir!" Dave replied as he sucked in Larry's cock and tried to deepthroat him.

"Oh you need a little practice, but don't worry, we'll put in the time so you become one talented little cocksucker" Larry hummed as he enjoyed the sensation of his cock being buried in his friend's warm, wet mouth and pushing at the back of his throat.

Dave kept up the suction and moved his head to ensure friction. His hands kneaded Larry's balls. Eventually, while one hand kept kneading Larry's balls, the other started reaching back searching for his rosebud. Once Larry's asshole was discovered, Dave carefully slipped a finger in and worked it up until he was able to also knead Larry's prostate.

"Holy fuck! You are a fast learner. Nice touch in massaging my prostrate." Larry exclaimed as the sensations became too much and he started cumming down his friend's throat.

"I want you to suck me clean, ok?"

"Yes Sir!" Dave was barely manage to get out as his mouth continued to work Larry's cock, sucking it clean.

"Davey, you did good. Now, since you did such a great job, I will return the favor. I bet you want to cum?" Larry asked as he stood his friend up.

Davey nodded and looked at Larry.

"OK, then bend over the chair again."

Larry grabbed his bottle of lube and squirted some into his hand. He walked up behind Dave and slowly reached his hand around Dave to grab his cock, still covered by his jock strap.

Reaching inside Dave's jock strap, Larry grabbed hold of Dave's cock, asking, "Do you want to cum?" He slowly move his hand up and down Dave's shaft once and stopped.

"Yes, please make me cum Sir!" Dave responded.

"Well, if I make you cum, you have to give me something. Will you?"

"What do you want Sir?" Dave asked nearly going out of his mind in anticipation of having Larry jack him off.

"You're mine from now on, whenever I say and however I want. Deal?" Larry asked as he moved his hand away.

"Yes, Sir, I agree," Dave replied.

"Are you sure, Davey?" Larry asked, "I want you to understand what you are agreeing to here. Whenever I want - if we are in the showers at the gym and I decide I need a blowjob, you will give me one there. If I decide in the middle of the night that I need to fuck your ass, you will get that sweet ass over to my house. Do you understand? Do you agree?"

Even though he was in a fog of sexual ecstasy, Dave realized he was still married and Helen might not appreciate him disappearing in the middle of the night, so he said, "Only if we keep this away from Helen and the kids. I can't do anything if they are home or that might cause me to lose them."

Larry slowly gave Dave's cock another stroke and firmly grabbed his balls. "Davey, are you sure you don't want to agree? I'll make you cum right now if you do. Think about it."

"No, I can't Sir! Helen would find out and then we'd be finished, I can't take that risk. I love her and my kids too much."

"Hmmm...interesting. OK, how about if you agree to do whatever I want, whenever I want except if it would cause an issue with Helen or your kids? You want to cum right?" Larry asked as he gave Dave's cock another slow stroke.

Thinking it over, Dave thought it would provide enough leeway. "Yes, Sir, I agree" Dave finally responded.

"And you will keep your word, right?" Larry asked.

"Yes, Sir! You know I honor my obligations." Dave replied.

"Good, then from now on you are my personal cocksucker to do with as I want except if it would cause an issue with Helen or the kids," Larry stated as he began to slowly jack Dave off. Sensing that Dave was getting close, he sped up until Dave finally came in five big pulses, his cum soaking the jock strap.

"OK, get up and take that jock strap off now, cocksucker." Dave quickly complied and shucked the jock strap, handing it to Larry. Larry quickly turned it around and put it over Dave's head so that the pouch was now covering Dave's mouth.

"Get down on your knees and clean up that jock strap, cocksucker." Larry instructed Dave.

Dave quickly dropped to his knees and began to lap up his own cum from the jockstrap. Larry looked down on Dave and thought how lucky they both were. They'd found each other as friends and now they could be so much more! He couldn't wait to see how Dave took to his new life.

Finally, Dave finished cleaning up the jockstrap and looked up at Larry. Larry looked down at Dave with a lecherous grin. He could feel his cock stirring back to life. He really wanted to fuck his friend's ass.

"Stand up again and bend over the chair like before" Larry instructed.

Dave quickly complied and spread his legs, suspecting what Larry had in mind.

Larry reached out and slowly caressed Dave's smooth ass, running his hands up and over the beautiful globes of flesh. Slowly he moved down and grabbed the end of the butt plug and began to slowly ease it back and forth into Dave's ass. Dave started moaning in delight as Larry did this.

Once it was out, Larry set it on the workbench and then pulled the larger butt plug around and lined it up with Dave's ass. He began to slowly ease the larger butt plug into Dave's ass, marveling at the feeling and the sight of it buried deep into Dave's ass.

Once the larger butt plug was firmly lodged in Dave's ass, Larry said, "OK, how does that feel Davey?"

Dave looked back and moaned, "I feel a bit full Sir!" Dave responded, squirming a bit to try and adjust to the larger butt plug.
