 Part Two

I woke the next morning refreshed despite all the alcohol I drank, feeling a little fuzzy I just laid there letting my eyes adjust to the morning light that was cascading through the east window. My eyes fluttered open and I started to remember parts of a dream I had, the Tequila had robbed me once again of part of my night. My right hand slowly stroked my package and I found it to be just like normal, soft and warm, but my pubes were damp and then I remembered part of my dream.

I was laying here in this bed and jacking myself off. I put my hand up to my nose and took a deep sniff and smelt the unmistakable odor of semen. Shit it wasn't a dream I really did beat off in my sleep, I just hope Trevor was asleep.

I could smell bacon and coffee coming from the kitchen; I rose out of bed and found a glass of fresh squeezed orange juice, boy did that ever help with my thirst. With a sudden urge to piss I sauntered to the bathroom and released a flow of piss a horse would be proud of. Shaking and washing up I quickly checked the mirror and went into the kitchen to see if Trevor needed any help. Since my clothes were still in the dryer I had no choice but to be nude, not that it even dawned on me to cover up. Since I knew Trevor at the gym I had seen him naked so many times it was like no big deal to walk around this way.

Good morning I said as I walk around the hallway only to see my friend there reading the paper and flipping bacon as naked as a jay bird. Once again I didn't see anything out of ordinary. If any of you went to college and stayed in the dorms you might know what I am trying to say, guys for the most part if there comfortable with themselves they just don't care about such things. Anyway he offered me a cup of coffee and said the cream and sugar are on the table. How he knew I took cream and sugar was beyond me. I asked when our clothes would be ready. 

"Shit I forgot to put them in the dryer, I will be right back could you finish up with the bacon?"

I started to wake up a bit more and while we were sitting down at breakfast my dream came back to me in pieces, I had someone cuddling with me and I was fucking somebody, no that's not it. As I was daydreaming I started to get a full out boner, and then it hit me it was Trevor next to me, no that couldn't be. So I got up and Trevor looked at my dong and he just smiled while I said I would be right back. I went back into the bedroom to check the sheets and I found that the bed had been made and new sheets were already on the bed.

On coming back to the table he said "did you get that all worked out ok, shit man with a dick that big why did she ever leave you?"

I was caught off guard and couldn't respond; I just looked at him and swallowed my coffee. 

"Morning glory I guess can't control it at times, sorry. How long before the clothes are ready and do we have time for a quick shower?"

He said that we might want to hurry with the shower thing for we have the dishwasher on and the wash machine. The hot water may soon run out.

Thinking on how long he takes and he being the host I said "well let's hurry before we run out of water, for I hate a cold shower. Besides you being the host I don't want you to whine that the water got cold because of me".

We scampered to the shower and started to talk about the best way it would be to get my stuff. Trevor's shower was big enough for the two of us but it was not like the one at the gym where you had your own space, if you know what I mean. He had designed this with a more intimate nature, plus he used the lay out of the house's old bathroom when he was remodeling. You entered the space and the shower was like a triangle it got narrow near the back wall with two shower heads on either side cascading down in the middle of the floor. So in order to rinse off properly you both had to be in the center, and Trevor and I bumped into each other a couple of times. Once our asses touched and the other time his hand brushed up against my crotch. At the same time we excused each other and went on washing. Near the end of the cleanup I think that we both were a bit chubbier down below but I didn't think much of it, for during any shower I hang lower than normal. 

Our clothes were done and we quickly changed, taking his truck to my old house for one of the last times in my life, felt so good to leave it behind. Terra was still at work and I let myself in, right when I opened the door that shit of a cat ran past me. I told Trevor that all my stuff was in the garage and the spare room; we decided to grab the big stuff first out of the garage. With that load in, we quickly took it to my new crypt and high tailed back to grab the rest before the drama queen came home. As soon as we entered the little cat bounced in ahead of us, taking a v-line towards the cat food.

All that was left was my bed and clothes and a small dresser. When I went down the hall I noticed my bedroom door was opened, I never left it open as I entered I smelt the unmistakable scent of cat, Trevor noticed it first the fucking cat had pissed all over my bed and pillows. "You know your going to have to throw it away; you will never get that smell out."

I was so pissed that I almost broke my hand by punching the wall, Trevor was a little frightened and came over to me and said "come on friend lets take this to the dump and we will buy you a new one, a few more minutes and you will be free."

On further examination I found that the cat had also pissed and shit on my dirty clothes, I had to piles one with all my underwear and sock in it, which I was going to do last night, and luckily my work clothes in the closet which was still closed. I was screaming for that cat and if I caught it I definitely would have killed it. Trevor went into the kitchen and grabbed a garbage bag for me to dump the soiled clothes. 

"Shit man, I have no underwear and only three pair of socks left, I hate to do laundry and I would wait until the last moment to do my wash." Fuck what a bitch opening my door", as I started to criticize Terra, Trevor handed me a note from my soon to be ex-wife. 

The note said that she found the door open when she came home and that she found the cat sleeping on my bed, she said that she removed the cat and made sure the door was closed. She also mentioned that the divorce papers are final and sitting on the kitchen table.

I looked up at Trevor and said come on man lets get out of here, and right when we were leaving I saw the cat jump up and grab hold of the door handle and pull it down, "look at that, the damn thing can open doors. Fuck and I was going to blame Terra."

We gathered the rest and left, being the last time I ever went back. On the way to the dump we talked about a new start, and trivial things. After dumping my old belongings I asked him where he got his bed and said that it was very comfortable.

He told me that it was a special order and he found it down in Kent. "We really don't have time to go down there today if you want to go to the mall. Let's get this stuff home and get lunch and head out, OK".

We set up my things down in the basement and had a quick bite and got ready to go to the mall, shopping for underwear, socks and t-shirts kind of felt like I was a teen, going shopping for the first time.

Unknowingly Trevor kept putting thongs and glittery underwear in my cart and when I was getting ready to pay, the beautiful blond at the register looked up at us and I said "huh those are not mine", as she put them to the side Trevor just smiled and blew me a kiss.

I was so humiliated but we just laughed and went on our way, he put his arm around me as we exited the mall. I shook him loose and said "shit man what has got into you" as I slugged him in the chest. I turned around and caught a glimpse of the blond just smiling at me; she was holding up the girl underwear, I felt a shock going threw my groin. Now that I hadn't felt in a long time, damn she had a pretty smile. I turned and hit Trevor on the back of the head, "come on you baboon let's get a pick-me-up" 

Going to Applebee's we had a couple shots and beers plus some appetizers.

During our light dinner of drinking my boss called me and said not to come in this next week, a permit didn't come and that he would pay for three days, and he was really sorry he couldn't pay the full amount. I told him he didn't need to pay me and I will see him next week. I told Trevor and he just smiled.

As always tequila relaxed me, and just knowing that the divorce was final gave me all the more reason to party. I ordered more drinks but Trevor cut us off and told the bartender that we have had enough, being taken back for know one had cut me off before he just smiled and said "there is a bar near our crypt lets go there and walk home" 

We had a few more drinks at this bar called The White Pig, but I was disappointed there was no more tequila. I felt a real good buzz but I really wanted to have some serious alcohol, I asked T if he had more Tarantula and we walked home. For being late April, the night was warm and when we arrived back at the house it must have been 15 degrees hotter inside. T suggested that we make some Daiquiri's and go outside, I went downstairs took off my clothes, took a piss and washed up. I could here the blender going and some music on the radio when I headed back upstairs. T also was naked which now seems to be the normal routine when we get home, he had the back door open and some of the front windows which created a light breeze you could already feel the temperature getting cooler. He handed me a drink and we went out on the back terrace.

As always with guys we talked about work and local events and some how the conversation drifts to sex. After giving each other the full history of our conquest and two pictures's of strawberry Daiquiri's we started to feel more than half-baked. T looked over at me and asked do you remember the first time you beat off?

"Of course I do, I think every boy does". 

"Hold that thought I have to piss, he stood up and let his prick drain right there in the flower beds, for some reason I got the urge and stood next to him and commenced to have a sword fight. We just laughed as the golden streams crossed and mingle together in mid air, some of the briny fluid splashed at our feet but we didn't care, we were drunk. Than I said,

"My first time was in 6th grade and I was alone in the bathroom taking a shower soaping up, my mom decided to buy this new liquid soap and I applied way too much. Letting my hands slide all over my body I started to get a boner. Now you know I have had boners before and jacked off in bed but nothing like this. I use to rub my self through the sheets and get a good feeling than drift off to sleep. But this time was the first time I came, the soap felt wonderful as my hands skated the surface of my skin. I was 11 years old and very few pubes to get in the way of the silky rub down.

I discovered a new galaxy that morning, giving way to new found feelings that to this day still remain. I don't know how long I explored my body that day but when I started to glide my hands up and down this hard tube it didn't take long for me to figure out this was much better than rubbing my hands through the sheets. I found that the most sensitive part which sent me over the edge was right below the head on the top of my prick. As I manipulated this tender spot with my thumb and forefinger I felt a tingling in my nuts that was new, and the quicker I pumped I could feel them get tighter.

You know I think that being in a cold lake didn't make them that tight. I jutted my hips forward and all the emotions I ever knew came out that tiny piss slit in the form of white creamy liquid. At first I thought I pissed but this was no yellow stream, it flowed from my body in quick jerks and each time I spewed my dick felt electric. Than it was over and I felt drained and full of energy if that is possible. I wanted to tell some of my buddies but after thinking about it I kept this new activity to myself. Thinking that I discovered this and it is all mine, no one can take this away from me. There you go my first hand experience what about you?"

"Well fuck you almost had me hard there man, reliving the past like that brought back many memories. Shit I never thought about soap until junior high. Here it goes my brother and I had to share a room until he was 16 than my sister moved out and he took over hers. So when I was 12 and he 14, I got really sick with walking phenomena and I stayed in bed and slept for the good part of a week. Well, near the end of that week when I knew I was OK my mom had me take one last nap to get my rest in. I complained but to tell the truth I was tired. I slept all afternoon and when it became night I was not one bit sleepy.

Growing up with your brother right next to you we got use to seeing each other naked and when changed to go to bed I thought nothing of it until this one night. My bro hopped into bed and I did the same thinking that I could sleep. I laid there staring at the wall, counting sheep and wiggling my toes trying to fall asleep. This went on for about 15 minutes and I was just about to ask my brother if he was up so we talk. Than I heard a bottle of lotion crack open and I for some reason kept my mouth shut. 

Our beds were side by side with a small dresser in between us and 2 windows were above our heads. We didn't have a night light but I can remember clearly that the moon was very bright and lit the room up. With the dresser in between us and my head down he couldn't see if I was awake, so he sat up in bed and looked over at me and said "Trevor you sleeping?"

I quickly closed my eyes and kept my mouth shut. I was so nervous that he saw me with my eyes open that I started to tremble a little. He looked at me for about 1 minute and laid back down. I saw him pull a sock out of the dresser very quietly and lay it on is bed. This perked up my curiosity and I just watched as he put some cream in his hand and put it under his cover and on his crotch. I too remember feeling myself before but this was so cool to see my brother for you know, I idolized him.

Seeing my mentor rub himself was like validating this behavior and I relaxed in knowing its OK. For when I started to touch myself I thought it to be wrong and also kept it quiet.

Brock slowly slid the covers down and exposed his prick, it gleamed in the moon light and wow was he big. Well at fourteen he was and much bigger than me. I almost said holy shit and covered my mouth; he stopped and got up to look at me, I just held my breath and kept still. He decided I was still asleep laid back down and started to beat off again. I could not believe I was watching this, his dick looked the same as mine but at least twice as long and really fat, well that's how I remember it.

He had quite a bit more hair than I and a trail that led up to his navel. All his glory was throbbing in his hands, I watched as he pinched the head, squeezing out a clear liquid and rubbing it over his prick. He than would slap it gently and thump it against his hand like it was a play thing. I now was as hard as I have ever been watching him play with his tool, it took all my effort not to grab my own and beat it. He just stroked his cock gently up and down concentrating on the head and massaging the precum into the shaft as he leaked it out. He would alternate from stroking up and down to rolling it in-between his hands like you would play dough trying to make a snake, you know what I mean?

I couldn't wait to try that out when he went to bed. Soon his legs went straight down on the bed and he pushed up, raising his ass off the bed, a muffled yelp escaped his mouth which was all the noise I needed to know something was happening to him. He had a big smile on his face and his eyes were closed, than it happened, he shot his cum up and over his head landing on the pillow toward my side, I watched as it landed than another shot erupted and another, those massive bursts was almost making him laugh and if I wasn't in the room I think he would have.

There was so much fluid on his stomach that I too thought he had pissed for this was the first time I had seen any body cream, including me. When he was done he grabbed the thin dress sock he pulled out and started to wipe up the mess, his boy-juice was thick but some parts were runny, I noticed the sock was covered and he didn't get it all off his chest so he just threw the sock on the floor and rubbed the rest into his skin. He rolled over to face the wall and went to sleep. It wasn't long before I could here his breathing slow down and a muffled snore was present, I waited for a couple more minutes, reached down and picked up the sock.

I slowly put it to my nose and took a whiff, smelling the musky scent; I had my sheets pulled down to my waist and some of his seed dripped on my tummy. I reached down and started to feel the smooth silky fluid. I now was so hard that I needed to try out this new way of beating off. Glancing at Brock I pulled down the sheet and started to rub myself up and down, wishing I had the lotion but afraid I would wake him up. I knew his seed was slippery so I scraped off some from the sock and rubbed it all over my cock. That was all I needed to get me over the edge, I think that I jerked my small beast all of about 2 minutes and my balls and ass tightened up and tiny drops started to form at the opening of my cock. The first eruption kind of scared me but the feeling was out of this world so I kept pumping and watching as more creamy fluid spilled out of my dick.

Now I know why he was smiling, I too almost burst out laughing. Sitting up in bed looking down at my manhood and the jizz on my stomach I instantly felt older, you know like a man. I used the sock to clean up my spent cartridge, not that it helped much but I didn't care, threw it on the floor and got out of bed very quietly.

Looking at the clock it was past 1 a.m. and decided to go get a drink, Brock was asleep so I tip toed to the kitchen and got the wildest idea to go outside nude. I was so full of energy that I needed to do something. I slowly opened the back door and went out in the back yard dancing around like a stupid fairy. My cock was still semi-hard and some spent cock-snot leaked out as I twirled and jumped and swung my arms in the air. Felling the open air against my body got me hard again, so I flicked at my dick to check it out in the moonlight.

I stood there for a few minutes and just felt great. Deciding to go back in I closed the door very gently turned around and I was slammed up alongside the kitchen wall. 

I just looked in shock waiting for Trevor to continue, he seemed to be thinking if he should go on.

"Well what happened next?" I said. 

"Before I go on you have to remember that I was only 12 and very much, even to this day curious, most of the time I got into trouble for poking my nose into someone else's business. I am sometimes still haunted by what happened."