 (a story continued for a friend)

For a moment the morning before, I thought I had satisfied my bi-curiosity. But then I realized I had only started to chip through the ice.

Standing in the showers with Sean, feeling the heat build around me and inside me, watching his thick cock glide through his soapy fist as I stroked rhythmically beside him, had not let me concentrate the rest of the day, or sleep much that night.

I had watched him as he had watched me. Our bodies hadn’t touched, but the creamy fluid our bodies produced had, and I could almost still feel his cum splashing my torso, hand, cock and thigh. I had wondered what this must be like, and in reality, it was more fantastic than I ever imagined.

I slept fitfully with the image of his thickness in my mind, and this without ever having had a good close look. Now, as I bent naked to pick my jeans up off the locker-room floor, my face coming within a foot of the generous erection that jutted toward me, I was getting that look.

Sean carried a wondrous specimen. I so badly wanted to feel its heat and texture, but not here. The sauna offered privacy. Yet I paused as I picked up my jeans, inhaling his scent deeply. His engorged shaft bobbed, pointing upward 30 degrees then falling back down heavily, bouncing, parallel to the floor.

Every bit as appealing were his balls, smooth and loose. They hung generously down between his thighs, perfectly proportioned, the right orb heavier than the left. I felt dizzy and I slowly stood, taking in the short hair above his shaft, the fine trail up to his navel and the spreading, light mat that covered his stomach and chest.

“Nice,” he said, and then I saw Sean observing me. I was semi-erect, at the delicious state when arousal has set in and the blood is rushing to accommodate it. “You’ve got to promise me one thing.”

I looked at him, without a word.

“Me first.”

I grinned, probably a little flattered that he had needs to be fulfilled, too.

“My pleasure,” I said, knowing full well that it would be.

We wrapped ourselves haplessly in towels, took the dozen steps to the sauna, and Sean pulled the door open and preceded me inside. I pushed it closed.

The room was dimly lit, the soft sound of hissing steam coming from the bed of rocks in the corner, and there was a strong scent of cedar. And then I felt Sean’s hand at my waist, pulling away my towel. He pushed me gently down onto a bench and crouched before me, his hands on the inside of my knees.

“I’ve been thinking about this since yesterday,” he said, a little breathless from the steam or the moment, and then he spread my knees wider apart.

I looked down to him and saw him moving closer, his eyes wide, his mouth opening. Already I could feel the beads of sweat on my forehead, and now his fingernails were lightly scraping my thighs. My cock had swollen to its full thickness and length, and it pointed up to my navel, lying fat and hard on my groin.

Sean’s hands moved up the inside of my thighs, slowly, and he gradually turned his palms inward. And then I felt my balls in his hands, resting there in the damp heat. He closed his fingers and began to knead me, a delicate massage that nearly sent me through the roof.

He needed no direction, not that I was capable of providing any. He was touching me as he probably touched himself, and now, my first same-sex experience suggested to me that another man surely knew what felt right.

I was transfixed as I looked down at him. I felt my hands, with a purpose of their own, on his head, my ass lifting just a little off the bench. My body language was speaking words my voice couldn’t find, and he understood completely.

Sean’s tongue passed between his lips and it dipped between my balls with agonizing pleasure, gently at first, then with a little more force. He leaned in and licked upward, to the base of my cock and up along the thick, pronounced vein that curled its length. He stopped just at the ridge of circumcision, licking from left to right, then wrapped a hand around my shaft and pulled it down until it was throbbing almost angrily at his face.

He looked up at me, smiling, shaking just a little, and said nothing. But he opened his jaw, and the heat in the sauna suddenly had nothing on the depths of his wet mouth, into which my cock slowly disappeared.