 Trevor sat there very quiet for a minute and just zoned out. We were both rock hard, and I needed to pee again. I think male intuition is much stronger than a woman's is. I knew that instead of pressing him to tell me more we should call it a night. My gut feeling you could call it, told me that there was a lot more here going on and I had plenty of time for us to exchange history.

Tee came out of his self-induced trance as I stood up and started to pee in the bushes. 

"Wow, sorry for the zone, I have not thought of that in such a long time but it seemed like yesterday".

"That is quite the first time experience, I am jealous I had no one to share mine with." 

"Well to tell you the truth when I look back on that night I do feel blessed but at the time it had my brain all jumbled up." 

Tee stood up walked over towards me and let out a stream of piss that looked like a water fountain going off. He was still semi-hard and the torrent of piss was shooting almost straight out, "HOLY SHIT so that is where all the daiquiris went."

He just smiled as I watched his fire hose flood the garden. I was going to ask him if they had their little talk the next morning but he beat me to the punch. 

Tee said, "I dreaded to face Gunner the next morning but as it turned out he was very cool and helped me understand that curiosity is normal in life. I guess looking back on it now; being an older man he didn't want me to be scared, you know have any sexual trauma."

"Hey my mouth feels like someone laid carpet down, I am going to go brush my teeth."

"Good idea I need to clean up too."

We walked back into the house and I went down stairs and took care of the nightly chores. When I looked over my new room I remembered that I had not ordered a new bed. Tomorrow I will go to Fred Myer and find something temporarily. 

Going back upstairs and poking my head into Tee's bedroom I said "do you think I could crash here one more time, I forgot to buy an air mattress?"

"Why waste your money, there is plenty of room and it shouldn't take that long to get yours in."

He rolled over and hugged the left side of the queen size bed. I jumped in and got under the thin blanket and sheet.

"Damn this bed is so comfortable I think I am going to just have to take you up on the invite and forget about us being guys. When I was a young boy my family would go on a holiday to visit my aunt and brother and I had to share a bed. I will just pretend you're my brother."

"Deal, now could you turn out the light, I normally sleep on that side?"

I said, "I don't want to take your space I can sleep against the wall; I rarely get up in the night. Hey I will go over you go under."

As we exchanged positions our bare bodies touched, I could smell his fresh breath and the scent of soap. Right when I was directly over him he tickled my side and being so ticklish my hands dropped out from under me and I landed right on top of him. I felt the heat from his body beneath me, our groins smashed together. I let out a muffled grumble, and he had a massive smile on his face.

The fusion of Tristan and Trevor was almost complete, as the natural laws bound us together through playful teasing, (pinching of the ass, grabbing the balls and wrestling) I couldn't help but to linger while lying on top of Trevor. Looking into those bright green eyes searching for an answer to this incomprehensible attraction, time stood still as it will when two soul-mates find each other.

Feeling our body's fuse together completing a puzzle I have been working towards all my life I found for the first time a sense of completeness. Neither one of us spoke I just laid there on top of him. I mentally scanned his body with mine. Our feet were interlocked and the hair on his legs tickled mine, my thighs were heavy forcing him deep into the mattress. My cock mashed between his legs finding comfort, snaking down to rest on the top of the mattress, feeling the silky hair connecting his ball sack and ass with the top side of my prick.

My new found mate looked into my eyes with wonderment and relief, waiting for me to make sure that I am ready to continue the bonding our souls have longed for. Trevor reached up very slowly touched the side of my cheek, sending tiny electric sparks through my body, jump starting a chain reaction that began where ells, in my groin.

I was still left speechless, so I mustard up something to say and the first words that came out of my mouth was "SO HOW YOU DOIN?" Using the dialect one would here in the Bronx, sounding like Joey from Friends.

Giving a hearty laugh he reached around my back and gave me a welcome home bear hug, I laid my head down beside his head and whispered in his ear "How did you know?"

"From the first time I met you three years ago, when you walked into the weight room fumbling around the bench press. When I heard you were getting married I almost gave up hope. But one day I spotted you and your wife in Safeway, I almost came up but you guys were arguing about the type of coffee to buy.

I looked right at you and you didn't even recognize me, but the look in your eyes was pure hate. That look haunted me but yet it gave me hope for instinctively I knew your marriage would not last.

Than when I saw you in Gold's I knew it was time to try to show you how I feel. Although having you move in was not even planned, sure thoughts ran thru my mind but in no way thought it to be possible."

"I have never done this before, but laying here on top and feeling your warm body somehow seems right." I said.

I could feel his staff harden and slither between us; my wand was reacting in the same way putting pressure up the crack of his ass. He spread his legs a little to allow for the swelling. I nibbled on his ear lobe and said "I feel like I finally came home."

Raising my head I opened my mouth to touch his lips with my tongue, licking at them like the wind I could feel his body shudder underneath us. Our passion was in full throttle he spread his legs a little further to give me room to grow.

I now could feel a sensation that I haven't felt in a long time, my prick was leaking pre-cum. I thought that now that I am older it stopped, but I guess since I was so excited it flowed freely. Trevor raised his legs exposing his ass, and I instinctively positioned my cock to his crack. I slipped in without any difficulty pushing my full length in, his ass was tight and I could tell that he was experiencing a little discomfort but his smile urged me on.

I was in full fucking mode now, kissing him deeply and pulling my shaft in and out of his ass like there was no tomorrow I had to fuck him and fuck him hard.

My cock remembered what to do from maybe many life times ago and it drove further and deeper wanting to populate his insides with life. All I could think of is that my soul needed to be healed and the only way was to share our seed and get into each other's bodies as quick as we could. I came quickly and as the last of my life forced entered his body I pulled out and went down on his pulsating cock. Wet with pre- cum my lips glided down the full length without any difficulty, I knew what to do and how I knew this didn't matter, I was hungry and needed his essence. Gobbling down his organ caused shivers through out our bodies his balls tightened in my hand as I suckled on his hard shaft, he was shaking, getting ready to release his pent up seed. I worked harder, pulling his balls down and stretching his prick to its full length, my mouth and tongue exploring every ridge, focusing on his head and then going deep trying to swallow his shaft. He was going bananas and his body broke out into a mild sweat. The first shot took me by surprise but I knew what to do, hold my breath and shoving his cock down my throat to wait until his next spurt. When I came back up for air and sucked the remaining cum out of that tiny love hole. His seed was my life force. We were one.