 The time Jim and I shared with his fiancée was enjoyable, she was a beautiful woman, but Jim and I seemed to mutually agree, without any discussion, that we enjoyed our time together, just the two of us. We both agreed that we were planning on staying mutually exclusive, neither of us expressing any desire to seek out other guys for sex. We enjoyed what we did together, as much as it was frowned upon, by "societal standards."

We were managing to meet usually at least once a week, sometimes when we could, twice a week, always at the same place; the only difference that we had now, was we weren't so rushed, and we felt more comfortable in our activities. We discussed our ideas, tried different positions, just like any other couple. Jim and his fiancée were still getting married, she didn't object to our getting together.

We had met again today, joking that we were in the same room as our first meeting. Joking how we had met here so often, that we had to start over again with the rooms. We undressed, carefully laying our clothes in neat piles on the furniture, looking at each other as we undressed. I must admit, I was still enamored with the dark ebony appendage hanging between Jim's legs, and the leathery looking balls accompanying it. 

Finishing undressing, we both moved to the bed, pulling the covers off. No sense pulling them aside, we both knew from our past activities that everything ended up on the floor.

As Jim lay down, I moved over to him, caressing his ass, thighs, and abdomen, before moving close to the object of my desire, that huge black cock that had attracted my attention, originally. I opened my mouth, cupped his warm balls with my hand, and swallowed as much of him as I could. Not having enough saliva in my mouth, or on his thickening cock yet, it wasn't much, but I began to work on him.

He thickened and lengthened as I got him coated with my saliva, sliding deeper into my throat. I always enjoyed the feeling as he extended in, past my mouth, to fill my throat.

Jim lay there, caressing my head and back as I sucked on him. He moved, lifted my hips, and slid underneath me, taking my cock into his mouth. Using both of his hands to spread my ass cheeks, he gazed at my ripped ass hole. "Oh wow, that looks so hot...almost like pussy lips."

I'm glad he liked them, I was still getting used to feeling that golf ball between my cheeks. Almost instantly, I felt his lips attach themselves to mine. My ASSPUSSY lips.

I think I was losing my asshole, and now had a pussy back there. A CUNT, if you will.

My mouth was on Jim's cock, but my mind wasn't. Jim's mouth, lips and tongue, soothing my recently wrecked asshole, which I also recently began thinking of as my pussy, made my cock hard as a steel bar. I could feel the tongue pressing into me, seeking entrance to my depths. I tasted salty cum in my mouth. That momentarily snapped me back to reality. I had a cock in my mouth. A black one. I had a Big Black Cock in my mouth. My pussy was being expertly eaten.

Without warning, I shot. My cum hosed Jim's chest as he sucked my pussy. I tried to pull back, aghast at the suddenness and violence of my cumming, but Jim holding my hips, held me close. 

My cock stopped pulsing, I could feel the remnants of my explosion running back on my shaft. I'd stopped suckling black cock as I came. I now remembered what I was doing, and began suckling again.

Jim reached over, and pushing my head off him said "Hold off, I want to put this somewhere else."

He pulled back, rolling me onto my stomach, his thick cock, pulled from my mouth, with a string of my saliva, from my COCK sucking mouth, dripping from the head.

He reached over towards his night stand, where the pink lube was.

Knowing what he was planning to do, I said "Don't."

Jim looked at me questioningly.

"No lube please. I want to feel you. If it hurts, don't stop. I need to feel you as you use me."

"Are you sure?" Jim looked at me with a look of concern. "I don't want to hurt you. That one time I was so worked up, I practically raped your ass. I felt really bad afterward."

"I'm sure...I know I might regret it...but I liked the after effects of the knot in my ass...the wrecked muscle of my hole...YOUR pussy hole. It's yours now. You own it. Only you Jim." I couldn't believe I said that. But I really felt sexy with that knot of torn muscle surrounding my wounded hole. 

Jim rubbed my shoulder. "Okay, if you're sure" he said, sounding tentative.

Moving behind me, straddling my legs, he pulled me up onto my knees.

My cock, having just shot a load not long ago, twitched as Jim's hands grasped my hips. As He pulled me up, I felt my cock thickening. All right, since I now had a hungry pussy, maybe I should more properly call it my clit. 

The thick black head of Jim's cock touched the knot at my cunt, sending lightning bolts of pleasure surging through my groin, my clit burned in anticipation of my impending reaming.

"You sure you're ready for this?" asked Jim "Let me know if you want me to stop."

"Just do it." I replied, "I need this. Now."

The head of Jim's cock touched my knotted cunt. The only lube of any kind was from my sucking on his beautiful black cock, and saliva from him eating and tonguing my pussy hole.

"Hmmmm" 

The pressure began. I wondered if I could truly take that monster without lube. I started a slight pushing back with my hips.

Jim must have felt me push back at him. "That's good. You push back, I'll hold steady, you set the pace," he directed.

I probably had half his head inside me, the pressure was just starting to grow. I pushed back, it wasn't quite pain, more like a strong pinching felling. I pulled away slightly. I took a deep breath, concentrating on relaxing my hole. I pushed out like I was having a massive bowel movement, and forced myself back. 

HARD.

I let out a loud moan. Okay, maybe a scream. Fuck that hurt. I felt what I hoped was the head of Jim's cock penetrate my cunt. Through the pain, I could feel the ripped muscles surrounding my hole firmly holding the head of Jim's cock.

"Do you want me to pull out?" I heard Jim say softly.

"NO" I fairly shouted. "Give me a moment."

I rocked forward just enough to make the head lodged inside my opening pull on me a bit, then, gritting my teeth, I relaxed my hole, pushed hard like I was taking a shit, and rocked my body backwards as hard as I could.

I screamed.

However, softening the pain of my stretched and wrecked ass, now cunt, was that I realized that I had achieved partial nirvana. Through the pressure, the pain, I felt that fucking huge stalk had popped through inside of me. I didn't know how far, an inch? Two, if I was lucky?

I stopped. I was breathing hard.

Jim's hands still gripped my hips.

He said nothing.

After a few minutes, I slowly started rocking my hips back and forth. Each time, I tried taking more of him inside of me. I felt only a pinch at my opening, but a fullness. A very thick, stretching, fullness.

Neither of us said a word, as I rocked back and forth. Slowly, sometimes pausing for a moment, but ever working on getting him inside of me. 

It seemed like forever, but might not of been too long, when I felt it. Or, rather THEM. Jim's balls brushing the back of my thighs, as I pressed back into him.

Pleasure coursed through my body, as I realized that I had completed my mission. Taking my lovers HUGE BLACK COCK into my ass, without lube. Wait. Did I say LOVER?

Ohhhh, that felt so good. That full feeling of cock inside of me.

I knew that my ass would never be the same. It had to be completely and totally wrecked. Forever. I wondered briefly how large that knot would feel now. That too, was a bit of a thrill, to think about.

I'm such a sick slut.

Still holding onto me, not having said a word, I felt Jim start to withdraw that thick piece of meat from my hole. 

There was a mixture of pain, and that now familiar pinching feeling as he dragged his black cock from my abused (self) body. 

He paused with the tip of his cock still lodged just inside my cunt lips.

"You ready for this? He asked softly.

"Yesssss." I murmured.

Jim pushed into me slowly. So slowly. Dragging the painful pleasure out as he entered me. He still held my hips. I pushed back towards him, hoping to speed up the pleasure I felt from submitting to him.

Bottoming out inside of me, he began the long, slow tortuously pleasurable withdrawal from my cunt. 

I am embarrassed to admit it...I loved every bit of it.

Completing his withdrawal, he started sliding back inside of me. Somewhat faster this time, I could feel that my back door had opened for him. 

He began the ride we were both here for. I clenched the bedding beneath me. Looking down, I noticed, with some surprise, that I was rock hard, and had a drop of cum hanging from the tip of my cock.

Jim was using my cunt at a pretty good pace now. The former pain and pinching I had felt was replaced by a burning sensation. I knew I was going to be feeling this fuck for a while. 

I noted that Jim wasn't pounding me as fast as he usually did. I asked him if he was doing alright.

"Oh yes," he responded "This is fantastic. You're such a good fuck, I wish we'd been doing this a long time ago. It feels so good. So smooth, so tight. I am just trying to prolong the enjoyment"

I agreed with him. I didn't know how I would feel later, but right now, it was all pleasure.

"I think you're going to make me cum." I told him. I looked at my clit, where a steady stream leaked out. I could feel my cunt rhythmically gently squeezing the thick black cock buried inside of me.

I felt Jim's hands grasp my hips more strongly. "I think I'm going to cum" he said.

"Yes! Please fill my cunt. Breed my slutty cunt!" I moaned.

As I said that, I felt my pleasure gland spasm, and a bolt of thick, white cum blew out of my clit so hard, it almost hurt.

Immediately thereafter, I felt a warmth spreading through my bowels. In all the times Jim had fucked me previously, I'd not felt that warmth so clearly. 

Jim continued his post insemination of me with several, now slippery, gentle thrusts inside of me.

He stopped his movements, still buried deep inside of me.

I was breathing hard, panting. I was sweaty. I heard him taking in great breaths of air,

"Damn that was good" he said.

He started his final withdrawal from me. It was well lubricated by the cum that had flooded and coated my insides.

I could feel every bit of his pleasurable withdrawal, until his now shrinking, but still firm cock popped out of my hole. It wasn't really the kind of "pop" that usually accompanied his withdrawal from me, more of a squishy, wet sucking sounding plop. 

I immediately felt cool air in and around my wrecked hole, followed by his cum running out my gaping cunt, running down my leg.

Jim caressed my ass and hips. "I hope you will be okay," he said, tenderly touching me, "You look really red there, a little bit of tearing, but your hole is gaping huge. I can almost put my hand in there."

That thought sent a brief jolt of pleasure through my groin. Nope, I wasn't going that far. BUT, I was going to take more of Jim in my unlubed cunt. A lot more.