 The day of the match came round and the guys were really excited. There was lots of butt slaps and bear hugs, even for me. I enjoyed them immensely while pretending not to.

In the evening, with the guys gone off to the match, I had time to myself. I had a long, leisurely meal in the hotel and flirted with the waiter who was a real stunner. He was really slender but built where it really mattered. I couldn't help staring at the mammoth bulge in his black trousers. Nhlanhla, was his name and I tell you try as I might I couldn't wrap my mouth around that word. He wrote it down for me and then bold as brass he suggested that instead of wrapping my tongue around his name I wrap it around his dick as I obviously wanted it real bad because I kept staring at it so much. I blushed and made to apologize but he was serious; this was a genuine invitation and I eagerly accepted it.

I watched Nhlanhla weaving around the tables, charming his guests with that killer smile. It was a smile that could melt the tundra in Siberia. His teeth were neat and even and the most dazzling white you could ever imagine, contrasting with the bitter chocolate shade of his skin. He had cheekbones that super models would give their right arms for and big, brown eyes that invited you to gaze into their depths. He told me that he was twenty four but he had not a single facial hair; I guessed he was not a big fan of junk food because you have never seen such flawless skin. This was the man who had offered me his magic wand and I couldn't wait to have it but wait I had to because he needed to finish his shift.

When I got done eating I went into the bar but it was pretty rowdy with all the guys watching soccer and cheering or jeering so I went back to my room.

When the knock came I just about jumped out of my skin in anticipation. Nhlanhla was dressed in his street clothes now: sagging jeans, tee-shirt and a baseball cap and he didn't look half as appealing but I remembered that beneath those baggy jeans lay the object of my desire.

'I can't stay long,' Nhlanhla told me 'fifteen minutes tops, then I must catch the staff bus home.'

I dropped to my knees in front of him and undid his belt. His jeans slid down his snake hips unaided. I ran my thumb and forefinger down the length of hose outlined in his boxer shorts.

'You like cock too much.' Nhlanhla said. Boy was he ever right.

I carried on teasing that python of a cock through the thin material and the beast began to stir. It lengthened and thickened but was still trapped down the right leg of his boxers. His fingers dug into my shoulders; perhaps he felt I was wasting valuable time. He wiggled those slender hips of his but still I teased him until at last I saw the maroon colored knob protrude out of his boxers. Damn! I had struck gold this time. If there are two things I love they are big, chunky butts and huge cocks but unfortunately as we all know they very rarely come in the same package. Nhlanhla had very little in the butt stakes to raise my interest but did he have a cock! This was a porn stud package and for the next ten minutes it was mine for the taking. It was time I took it. I lowered his boxers and he sighed in release as his big dick swung free, almost taking my eye out.

It was a thing of beauty; a large vein ran down the shaft of the dark flesh that contrasted with the maroon head. It stood large and proud and hungry for my mouth. I opened wide and let his cockhead fall into my mouth where I nuzzled it on my tongue. I could hear his little whimpers of approval as I worked that big cock the best way I knew how. His balls were tiny, almost lost up against his body as I stroked them. I knew he had an eye on the clock, and that at twenty four years of age he probably didn't have much in the way of control and yet still I was disappointed when suddenly he groaned and flooded my throat with a massive load of joy juice. I had only been getting into my stride when he had fired off both barrels and prematurely ended my pleasure. He whipped his softening cock out of my mouth and started to get dressed.

'Will I see you again?' I asked.

'I'm going back to my home area for two weeks.' He replied.

What a let down. At least he stopped to shake my hand and tell me thanks before he let himself out of my room and out of my dreams. It was still early but I didn't want to go back to the bar so I settled down with a book I had intended to read. Every now and then my attention strayed and I thought about Nhlanhla and how I had longed to give him a slow, sexy blowjob. I was certain that he had been in my room under ten minutes but it would be hard to forget a cock like that or the sexy stunner who owned it.  

I'd been lost in my book when there was a sudden thudding on my door. I grabbed a towel to cover my nakedness and went to open the door. It was the guys, back from the match, and they were buzzing.

'We held England to a draw!' Steve announced as they tumbled into the room.

'Is that good?' I naively asked.

'Good? Man, that's fucking fantastic!' Nick told me as he wrapped me up in a bear hug.

I could feel my lust meter rising; I longed for there to be another session between Nick and me but would have to wait until I could engineer the moment. When Nick released me, before the straight guy hug time limit expired – how the hell do they know these things? – Phil suddenly yanked my towel off me.

'Get down on your knees; we've got a treat for you.' He said.

'Wha...what? What are you talking about?' I asked even as I dropped to my knees.

My pulse raced and breathing seemed difficult. I knew that something sexual was about to happen. The four guys closed in around me and began to unzip! Suddenly there they were, my fantasy men, with hard cocks in hand.

'You can look but don't touch.' Andy instructed me.

Damn cheek, I thought to myself as his cock was easily the least attractive of the bunch. The surgeon must have been in a hurry when he circumcised him as it had a slightly strangulated look but still it was a cock, an excited cock and I could not take my eyes off of any of them as I craned my neck this way and that to get a good look at all of them. I had already seen their soft cocks before but, with the exception of Nick's fat hog, this was my first time to see them properly on the bone. Oh sure, once or twice I had caught glimpses of morning wood when we had shared hotel rooms but that was nothing compared to seeing these hot cocks in full sexual flush being slowly jerked by their owners. 

'You like that, dontcha?' Steve drawled.

I would have liked it even more if I could have stroked their muscular thighs and caressed their over full balls and slipped my hand up their tight cracks or taken those hard dicks into my mouth. I loved the way Steve's big low hangers bounced about as he whacked his seven-incher. It was a beautiful cock with a spear like head over the pale, fat shaft. His blonde pubes were bushy and how I longed to bury my nose in his fur and inhale his scent. How I would have loved to nibble on those fun bags hanging below his precum leaking cock. These dudes were really getting off on this; getting off on teasing me and probably – if they were honest – getting off on seeing each other's hard cocks being jerked to perfection.

My attention turned to Nick's big fuzzy nuts now. The memories of having his nuts in my hands back in the john as Sun City were still strong. I noticed that he jerked off using just his thumb and two fingers; I liked to think that he was offering me as much flesh as possible and his fist would have hid too much of his beauty from my hungry eyes. Andy had his fist wrapped around his cock now while his left hand played with his balls. That was my job! I was made redundant before I had even had a chance to serve. This torment had gone on long enough. I reached out to Phil and slipped my hand up the back of his thigh but he very gently removed it. To my surprise Nick suddenly tuned around and I found myself just inches away from his creamy pale man mountains! He bent over and pulled his cheeks apart and I found myself gazing at his very red little pucker. Phil grabbed a beer from the mini bar and opened it.

'Hey Dan,' he said 'you have to drink some beer from Nick's ass.'

Before I knew it the guys had me laid out on the floor and I had Nick's beefy butt squatting inches from my face. Phil started to pour the beer down Nick's lower back and a rivulet of the cold fluid flowed between his chunky cheeks and into my mouth and over my face. When the beer was finished I grabbed hold of Nick's hips and pulled him onto my face and I greedily ate him out, certain that I would only have a few seconds contact with his little fuck truffle. Instead he moaned out loud and ground his beautiful big butt onto my face. I was even more amazed when I felt a hand close around my straining cock and start to jerk me off.

'Nick, buddy, what the hell are you doing, man?' Andy protested.

But Nick was too far gone. Andy didn't know our history. Didn't know how we had shared a moment of pure lust in the john. He didn't know how horned up I was from eating Nick out or, no doubt, how horny Nick was from being eaten like this. I looked up to see Steve and Phil still furiously fisting their cocks and then went back to my truffle treat. I couldn't believe I was snuffling around in Nick's crack or that he was jerking my throbbing cock. And then the most amazing thing happened: I felt Nick's mouth close around my precum slicked cock head. He gobbled me up with an eagerness that made up for his lack of skill.

'Would you look at that!' I heard Andy say but I couldn't tell if there was disgust or excitement in his voice. I didn't care. I had big Nick on my face and his big bouncy butt and broad back under my hands and his mouth slobbering all over my cockhead. We were locked together like that for about five minutes when he changed position so that his fat throbber fell down into my throat. I stroked his big thighs and played with his fuzzy nuts while he face fucked me. I knew that this moment would be the pinnacle of my erotic escapades and when I heard Phil's loud groan closely followed by Andy's warning that he was going to blow I decided it was time to give in to my urge to blast my spunk into Nick's virgin mouth. I eased my thumb into his spit slicked spice hole and almost immediately was rewarded with a massive load of his tasty cream. As Steve bellowed out his release my hips arched as I thrust up into Nick's mouth and my balls drained in the most fantastic eruption of spewing jism.

I was a complete wreck after that amazing session and crawled into bed as soon as the somewhat embarrassed guys had dressed and left to carry on their partying in their own rooms.

(to be continued)