 I'd never seen a real one. Certainly not up close. I'd thought about it but not in 15 years. My sophomore year in college I got stuck with a new roommate when my friend Ed dropped out of school unexpectedly over the summer.

Terry was an okay guy. He was nice, well manners and extremely neat but we literally had nothing in common. He was an Art major with a minor in theater. I was a Business major with a minor in Economics. He played fantasy games like dungeons and dragons for fun in High School. I played Varsity Hockey, Baseball and Football for my high school teams. He liked guys and I was a total pussy hound.

Terry was a good looking guy and many of the girls I brought back to my room told me once they met him that he was hot. Of course I wasn't threatened because I knew he was gay. He wasn't open about it but it was pretty obvious. He was slightly effeminate and his only female friends were the chubby drama queens and fag hags in the theater department.

On more than one occasion I caught him staring at the bulge in my briefs when I was getting dressed and it came as no surprise when he made a drunken pass at me toward the end of the spring semester. I laughed off his advance and climbed into bed. He did the same thing and in the darkness I could hear the unmistakable sounds of him masturbating under the covers. 

It was strangely exciting to listen to his self pleasure and my dick stiffened as my roommate jerked his dick ten feet away. I silently joined him and stroked my dick until I came on my sheets. After I came I felt guilty and ashamed but that night I had an extremely vivid sex dream about Terry.

The following night I was the one who had too much to drink. I staggered into my dorm room after an unsuccessful night of chasing girls. I was drunk and horny.

"I'll suck your cock," Terry whispered as I pulled my shirt up over my head. I laughed nervously and tried to pretend that I hadn't heard him as I tossed my jeans onto the back of the chair in the corner of the room.

"You don't have to do anything to me," he continued as he stepped closer and hooked his fingers into the waistband of my black Calvin Klein briefs.

A shiver went through my body as his fingers grazed the soft bare skin of my hips. I glanced at the door to make sure it was locked and then watched him fall to his knees in front of me. My cock was hard and I groaned softly as Terry wrapped his lips around it.

Terry played with my balls as his hot wet mouth engulfed my stiff rod. He looked up at me seeking approval but I looked away in shame. I was willing to accept his offer but my upbringing had taught me it was wrong and I was embarrassed.

I closed my eyes tight as my roommate sucked my dick better than it had ever been sucked before. I came fast and hard and he swallowed it all as he moaned around my wet spitting cock.

"Do you want to try?" Terry asked hopefully as he stood up and rubbed his hard dick through his shorts.

"I can't," I told him as I climbed naked into bed but the truth was that I wanted to try.

"Okay," he said softly as he wiped the evidence of my climax from the corner of his mouth and climbed into bed.

I listened to him stroke his hard dick in the dark room and I wondered in drunken clarity if I should offer to help. Should I crawl across the room and slip under the covers. Should I push his hand aside and lick his cock. What would it feel like? What would it taste like? I heard him groan as he came.

The next morning I pretended that I was too drunk to remember anything from the previous night but Terry knew it was a lie. I suspected he knew that he had awoken a curiosity in me. 

We never spoke about that night but it remained my secret memory. Form a long time I was curious about what it would feel like to have a hard throbbing cock in my mouth. My curiosity subsided over time and remained dormant until I met Tina.

Tina was a freak. She loved to fuck and suck and there was nothing that she wouldn't try. We met the year after my divorce. I was damaged goods. I was drinking too much and chasing women like I was back in college.

Tina was a sexy brunette with several tattoos and a pretty smile. She has a short compact body with big natural C cup tits, an improbably flat stomach, wide hips and perfect thick shapely legs. She wore her hair long and straight and she told me the night we met that she loved to have her hair pulled.

We fucked that night and we became good friends thereafter but we were never serious or exclusive. We were fuck buddies and we could tell each other anything.

One night we were lying in her bed after a marathon round of hot sweaty sex, drugs and porno. Tina had just finished a joint and I was halfway through my sixth or seventh beer.

"What's your biggest fantasy," she asked as she tried to coax my spent cock back to life.

"I'd like to do two girls again. I had a threesome with my ex but she just laid there like a dead fish and refused to do anything to the other girl. Plus she got jealous when I fucked the other girl. The other girl, her name was Jenna I think, was fat but a really good fuck even though she was more into my ex than me," I replied.

"Two girls huh," Tina laughed, "I've don that. Well I mean me and another chick with a guy. Actually, I've done two chicks too."

"Christ," I said loudly, "what haven't you done?"

"Not much. I would really like the opposite of what you want. A threesome with two guys but," she paused, "I want to watch them go at it. I've had two guys before but they were afraid to so much as touch each other."

"You know what," I mused as Tina looked at me intently. "In college I got a blowjob by my gay roommate."

"Holy shit that's so fucking hot," Tina said excitedly. "I love guy/guy shit probably as much as you dig lesbo stuff."

"I have never told anyone about that," I confessed. I described Terry and told Tina about my one drunken bisexual experience as she alternately stroked my dick and rubber her overheated pussy.

"Would you do it again? She asked as she stroked my revived dick.

"Would you do it to him?" She asked. Her fingers were buried in her soaking wet pussy and her breathing was uneven and ragged.

"Maybe. I thought about it back then but I couldn't. I'm not gay and that was a tough thing to rationalize back then. I was only twenty at the time."

"Fuck, this has me on fire," Tina panted. "I need you to fuck me hard."

I eased my stiff cock into her liquid core and our bodies moved together in a frenzied symphony of thrusts and moans. We fucked hard with me on top, and then she rolled on top of me and rode my hard cock.

"This position is the best," Tina panted as her body bounced on my dick. "It would be even better if you had a dick in your mouth."

Tina closed her eyes as waves of pleasure rolled through her tight 35 year old body. Her chest heaved and her legs quivered as she came hard.

Tina rolled off m and knelt between my legs. She wrapped her lips around my cock and sucked her juices from it as her right hand stroked my wet shaft.

I felt my cum boiling deep in my loins. Her finger tickled my asshole as I exploded in her mouth. She hummed noisily as I filled her mouth with hot ream.

Tina crawled up my body and pressed her lips to mine. She opened her mouth and my cum spilled into my mouth as our tongues entwined. 

"Swallow it by," she whispered as she kissed me deeply.

I swallowed my seed as we kissed. It was the first time I had tasted cum and I was surprised that it wasn't bad at all. It was salty and had the consistency of warm yogurt but the taste was pretty good.

Tina called me a week later. It was after midnight and she sounded drunk.

"What are you doing?" She asked.

"Sitting in bed with my cock in my hand," I teased. "Wanna take care of it for me?"

"Yes," she hissed. "I'll be right over."

Fifteen minutes later Tina knocked on the door. I opened the door and she was all over me. She led me into my bedroom as she peeled her clothes of leaving a trail of discarded clothes down the hall.

Our lips met in a white hot kiss as her purse dropped beside the bed. Tina pushed me onto the bed aggressively and pulled her thong off. She stuffed her soiled panties into my mouth and straddled my hard cock as she tossed her bra to the floor. Her pussy was soaking wet and the squishy sounds of my cock in her pussy filled the room.

"Damn Ti, you are wet baby," I moaned through her panties as she rode my stiff dick.

Tina was off in another world. Her tits bounced as she thrust her pelvis down hard onto my throbbing unit. Her body quivered and she cried out loudly as she came.

"Fuck, I needed that." She pulled her panties from my mouth and climbed off my granite shaft. "Lick me." Tina ordered as she turned around and lowered her sloppy cunt to my mouth.

I could taste her usual essence mixed with a salty musk that I didn't recognize.

"Lick me clean baby," she panted as I swallowed gobs of thick goo from her pussy. "Can you taste the cum?" she cried out as she came again. I hadn't cum yet and the realization that I had just licked another man's cream from Tina's pussy was both humiliating and incredibly exciting.

My dick was achingly hard and I stroked it as I licked his cream from her well fucked cunt.

"It's good isn't it?' Tina asked playfully. "I knew you'd like it. I have another surprise for you."

Tina climbed off the bed and grabbed something from her purse. She strapped a harness around her waist and stood beside me with a realistic looking jell cock inches from my mouth.

"Close your eyes baby," Tina said as she guided her cock to my lips. "Imagine this is Terry's hard cock. Let it slide into your mouth just like you wish you had done in college."

I parted my lips and granted her access to my deepest fantasy.

"That's it baby," Tina coo'd as I licked the underside of her cock. "Taste the salty essence of sweat. Feel the soft ridge of the head on your tongue. Run your tongue all over it." Her hips slowly jogged forward and back pushing her cock deeper each time.

I could hear the wet slurping noises as I sucked her dick. It was surreal and they seemed to come from somewhere else.

"Open your throat. Relax," Tina said calmly as her hands caressed my scalp. She pushed her dick deeper and deeper into my throat until the entire shaft disappeared inside me.

I moaned around her cock as tears streamed down my face. I started to gag and Tina pulled back until just the wet saliva coated head remained in my mouth.

"You suck a good dick," she praised as she pulled her cock out of my mouth. "Get on your knees."

I knelt on the bed and our lips met in a torrid sensuous kiss.

"Do you want more?" Tina asked as we kissed.

"Yes," hisses. My cock throbbed and I needed to cum. I was on a journey of self discovery and Tina was my guide. 

"Bend over," she said as she wrapped her fist around her cock. I knew what she wanted and I hesitated. Sucking a fake cock was one thing but my ass had never had more than a small woman's finger inside it.

"Go on, bend over. I'll be gentile."

I bent at the waist as Tina climbed onto the bed behind me. I felt a cool slick liquid drizzle onto the crack of m ass and it felt good. I moaned softly.

Tina started fingering my virgin ass and I liked it. I started pushing back to meet her thrusts. She added a second finger and then a third.

"Do you want this?" She teased as she rubbed the head of her lubricated dick against my asshole.

"Yes," I panted. I wanted her inside me. I had never imagined being fucked in the ass. Even in my wildest fantasies fifteen years earlier I never pictured something up my ass, but I was ready.

Tina pressed the head of her cock against my sphincter. "Relax," she said softly as she applied more pressure. Her cock started to penetrate me.

The pain was sharp and intense but bearable. 

She pressed on as I buried my face in the pillows and groaned. Inch after inch disappeared inside me until her hips pressed tightly against my ass.

I felt full. I felt weak and yet my cock throbbed with excitement.

Tina slowly withdrew. She backed out until just the head remained inside me.

I felt empty. I felt weaker and my cock continued to throb and twitch with excitement.

Tina eased her cock back inside me. My ass adjusted to her and it felt better.

She fucked my ass with long slow stroked as my ass stretched from her big hard dick.

"Harder?" She asked.

"Yes," I moaned loudly.

She grabbed my hips and started to thrust into me hard and fast.

The room filled with the animalistic sounds of raw unfiltered sex. Her body slapped against mine. She moaned. I groaned.

"Fasted?"

"God, yes," I replied in short gasps. I was losing the ability to speak. I was hot. Hotter than I had ever been. My ass burned and my body was starting to shake.

Tina fucked me harder than I could have ever imagined. She held my hips and pounded her big hard cock into my quivering asshole and I begged her to fuck me harder.

It started deep inside me and it was unlike anything I had ever felt. Wave after wave of pleasure rolled through my body as my cock pumped copious amounts of cum onto the sheets below me.

Tina slowed but she didn't stop. She fucked my ass until I was empty. My cock continued to twitch and pump but I was completely drained. She pulled her cock from my gaping asshole and crawled beside me.

"That was just the beginning baby," she whispered. "Next time I will bring a real cock."

"Oh god," I moaned softly as I drifted off to sleep.