 My name is Ted, and I live in a big Scandinavian city. I train a good deal, and am in good form, weighting in at 82kg at one meter seventy-eight. I wear my brown hair short, have brown eyes and shave myself fully. Daytime I work with administrative stuff at an insurance company and live on my own in an apartment in the centre of the city. 

I first met Magnus and Anne when chatting online. They seemed such a fun, sexually open and adventurous couple, and we connected straight away. They were looking to someone to spice up their sex life, now that they were both in their mid-fifties (Magus) and early-forties (Anne). They were in great shape, worked out a lot and loved the outdoors. 

Magnus was a tall man of one meter ninety, with short curly blond hair, and a muscular body. He was quite domineering and had a deep baritone voice. Anne was a red-haired goddess of a woman, with a glittering smile, emerald green eyes and a killer body. She was around one meter seventy, slender, with medium sized breasts and a soft sensual voice.

We had met a few times, and I got increasingly involved in their sex life. They were exploring and testing quite a lot as well, and the quickly found me to be a willing test case. We exchanged naughty SMS, pictures and stories, and we met to watch porn films and I watched them make love a few times. (They enjoyed having me there, and Magnus in particular, enjoyed having me masturbating and only climaxing once they were done. He also enjoyed placing me in various positions and places, depending on where in the house they had made love. They were very well off, and had a huge house, several cars and obviously a very active social life. They essentially had full control over me, by now and they fully knew that I was bisexual.

Their invitations always made me jump, and gave me butterflies in the stomach, and today was no different. Their SMS came in the morning;

"Time to be adventurous again, but this time it will be different; you will be the centre of attention. See you at 19:00 at the newly opened STAR Hotel outside town. XXX//Magnus and Anne"

I couldn't wait, and the day seemed endlessly long and boring. Finally, it was six a 'clock and I dashed home, showered, dressed in a lose fitting shirt and pants, and walked the short distance to the hotel. It was brand new, and the entrance was not yet fully finished. As I entered the lobby, it seemed like an odd mix of a glittering grand hotel with a high ceiling, a simple business hotel with efficient staff and lots of business looking people, and a sleazy love hotel with red lights all around. I sat down in one of the dark-red velvet modern armchair

I watched the many people coming and going and got more and more aroused. There were a lot of gusts obviously in the hotel, and several of them smiled merrily at me. Some even blinked when passing. After a while I went into the separate bar to check if Magnus and Anne were there, but they were not, just a bunch of merry business men from Africa or something drinking gin-and-tonics together.

As I returned to the lobby, I got an SMS from Anne, telling me to come to the first floor. I took the elevator up together with some newly arrived Japanese and stepped off to what turned out to be a conference room floor. Anne met me and greeted me with a kiss straight on the mouth. It tasted sweet from her red lipstick, leaving some on my mouth, and she looked ravishing in a black long dress with slits up to her hips, showing off her long slender legs and a hint of her black underwear.

"Tonight, will be very special Ted," she whispered in my ear.

She giggled, and I heard that special tone in her voice that I knew meant that she was very turned on.

She took my hand and led me along a corridor with a deep-red carpet. She opened a door and we entered a small room, with just a chair and a desk at one end and lit only by a small table lamp. Magnus entered from a door on the opposite side and greeted me with a warm smile, and a bear hug.

"Welcome to an evening of lust, love and worship!"

He handed me one of three glasses he had brought along and filled them from a bottle he had in the pocket of his black suit. He looked very formally dressed, with a broad dark-red silk tie.

I lifted the glass and sipped the strong gin-and-tonic. It tasted nicely bitter sweet.

Magnus and Anne raised their glasses, and we toasted.

"Drink up Ted, for we are going to begin the preparations. Tonight, you will be the centre of attention, and it will be an evening of blissful lust."

"We will prepare you now. You must promise us to do as instructed and to give up your body, for our desires," Anne filled in.

I was a bit confused by what they were saying, and I felt the gin rising to my head. Magnus filled me another glass and told me to drink it all down. As I did so, he took a few sheets of paper out of his pocket and placed them with a fountain pen on the desk. 

"Please sign this, to prove you truly want to continue this adventure with us that we have started."

He touched my crotch when he said the last words, just as Anne pressed her left breast towards my arm and fondled my ass. 

If I was half-hard before, I got a rock-hard erection there and then. Magnus felt it smiled broadly and pointed to the paper.

"I feel you want this, and I can assure you it will be more than a pleasure for us ..."

I sat down and quickly looked through the document. Anne massaged my shoulders with her warm soft hands, as I read it. There were two copies, and the text made clear that I gave myself - my mind and body, by free will - fully to the whims of Magnus and Anne, and those in their company. The last bit was the slightly worrying one, but by now the gin made me feel warm and happy, and I quickly signed the two documents and rose. 

Anne embraced me, and kissed me again, as Magnus pocketed the two documents and looked on, massaging my neck.

"Thank you, Ted," Anne said as she stepped back and started to unbutton my shirt.

She pulled it off my shoulders, as Magnus reached around me from the back and undid my belt and opened my pants. Anne quickly knelt down and pulled them off together with my underpants. 

"Oh, look at you! Already so excited and big!"

Magnus held me close, and caressed my stomach, as Anne struggled a little with my shoes but finally got them off as well. I was now completely naked and felt both warm and cold. 

Magnus put a black thin slightly see-though scarf around my eyes and tied it together behind my head.

"It will be more exciting and pleasurable, if you see less from now on ..."

I was quite confused by what they meant and what all these ritualistic things would lead to, but I had promised them to go along. 

Then Anne opened the door through which Magnus had entered, took my hand in hers and led me slowly out. I couldn't see very well, but is seemed like a huge banquet hall, with a very high ceilings with crystal chandeliers, and large red-curtained windows. The room was sparsely lit though. In the middle of the large room, decked out with a deep-red carpet, there was a centre of warm bright light. She led me, elegantly swaying her hips, towards the light, and as we came near, I noted two large column-like shapes. As we stepped into the circle of light, I noted that they were in fact two man-high cocks, one black and the other bright white. 

She led me around the white one first, and then commanded me;

"Kiss it!"

I leant forward and kissed it. It was not cold as I had expected but warm, like a real one.

She then led me around the black phallus and commanded me to lick it. I dutifully did as she asked.

She pulled me along to a spot between the two large cocks and proceeded to lift my arms straight out to each side and stand with my legs wide apart. She stepped out of my line of sight, and I remained standing there for several minutes, my heart beating faster.

Magnus entered the circle of light and attached leather bands with metal rings around my wrists and ankles. Only now I noted the metal bands around the two giant cocks, and the chains attached to them. Magnus attached the chains to my leather bands and ran his hands along my arms and legs, stomach and back in the process. Then I felt him smear something warm - body oil - all over me. When he finally applied it to my cock and balls, I couldn't help moaning out loud with pleasure.

Something was placed between my legs, and I felt a hand on my shoulder and another on my butt. Then Magnus' deep voice whispered;

"Slowly sit down, and allow it all to happen as it should happen, for you know you were meant to do this and have always wanted to this in your heart,"

His hand slipped in between my ass cheeks, and I felt something slippery and slightly cold smeared onto my anus. Then he pushed me down onto what seemed like a small stool, with a dildo in the middle. He helped me get inside me, and it felt strangely good and erotic.

The music that had been playing all the time in the background, now increased in volume. It was a suggestive, meditative and yet not slow tune. A deep steady drum beat set the pace, with an overlay of instruments creating a magic kind of sound. Sometimes a deep voice could be heard reading something, but I could not make out the words at first. 

As I sat there waiting, I see white figures approaching, through the veil of my blindfold. As they enter the circle of light, I see that they are four beautiful women in thin white cloths, open on all sides seemingly and showing their naked bodies underneath. They dance gracefully around me, and the phalluses, as the music increases and I hear the deep voice preach like a sermon;

"Though shall give, give of your lust and desires, and receive in return the blessings. The chosen one shall duly worship, in the name of us all, and drink the full pleasures as his reward."

I feel the dancing women and their cloths swirl by all around me, and then they disappear in the darkness. Their sweet perfumes and beautiful gestures seem to linger, however. 

Suddenly I hear Anne's voice behind me. I feel her legs touch my lower back, and she runs her fingers through my hair. The chandeliers are turned on in the large room, not fully, but enough for me to see.

I swallow hard as I see the number of people that have gathered. Mostly men, but also a few women. All are naked, apart from the many masks they all wear. Many have Venice-styled masks, but some wear balaclavas, others a range of stage prop masks; zebra heads, a Darth Vader mask, a gargoyle mask and a few rubber replicas of famous people. 

My heart does summer-saults, and I feel my cock twitch with the excitement. The people are of all ages, judging from their body shapes, with one thing in common; all the men are already hard and erect.

The music changes, and the tempo and volume increases. Three men come forward and walk towards me, their cocks dangling from side to side. Anne kneels behind me, and caresses my chest, and stomach. She gently fondles by rock hard cock.

"Tell them you want this. Tell them you want to taste their cocks and let it all happen as it should ... worship them."

The three men gather around me, stroking themselves. Anne stands up and holds my head in her two hands.

"I want this. I want to taste your bid cocks! Let me worship them," I hear myself say loudly, hardly believing it is me.

They quickly step in and one after the other they have me lick and suck on them. They are of different sizes and colour, nicely veined and cut. I indulge in tasting, licking and sucking them, and before long they start coming all over me. They carefully avoid my face, but shoot their loads over my arms, chest and shoulder. As they step back, another three steps forward.

"Tell them how much you love sucking cock, and that you want them to cover you with their seed," Anne whispers in my ear. 

I do as she asks, and soon the three men shoots their sperm over my naked body. 

Anne instructs me to tell the next six men that come forward to shoot their loads over my face. After sucking and licking them off I sit drenched all over in sperm. Two groups of three follow, and my mind is spinning. I cannot believe I am doing this, I think to myself. There are old, middle aged, and young men. Strangers, but I cannot know for sure if there are people, I know among them. All ethnicities seem to be represented, and I sit panting and lustfully moaning as Magnus enters.

He loosens my hands from the chains, and hands me a large glass bowl. I know what will follow. I sit trembling with excitement as the next three men steps up. They are accompanied by three women. Their bodies beautifully voluptuous and smooth. 

Anne removes my blind fold, and I blink a few times in the quite bright light. When I can see again, I see the three women masturbating for the men, into the glass bowl I am holding. 

"Please award me with your seeds of love," I tell them one by one, as Anne instructs me. 

Soon enough they shoot their white loads into the bowls and offer me to lick them clean afterwards. They taste salty and minerally but good. They are followed be another three, and the three women masturbate for them as well, and soon they also cum hard. Their moans echo in the large room.

Then there is a long pause, and no one else steps forward.

Magnus appears from the crowd, still fully dresses. He walks slowly towards me and opens his pants. He places himself broad legged in front of me, straddling the full glass bowl. His cock looks huge in front of me. I can see it throb with excitement.

"Worship me, my slut," he commands, with a voice thick with lust.

Anne raises my head, so that I look up at him. She doesn't need to say anything anymore.

"Please my Master, let me worship you ... your cock!" 

He teasingly holds it close to my lips, and I reach out and lick the drops of precum oozing from it. 

"Yes, you little cock sucker ... feed on me."

He pushes his hips forward and I let him slide into my warm eager mouth. I suck him with gusto. Anne reaches around and helps, masturbating him into my mouth. I look up and see Magnus smile back down at me. Then he looks up at the ceiling and yells out his pleasure. He floods my mouth with his cum, and I swallow as fast as I can, but some of it spills out. After four five spurts, he pulls out and quickly zips up again. 

He pats me head.

I sit panting and dizzy beside him, and Anne who has stepped up beside me. They kneel and look at the congregation. The music stops, and I hear them all mumble and whistle. They look back at me and smile, and I realize what is next.

They help me raise the large glass bowl high up above my head, as a tribute, and then lower it to my lips. In unison they say;

"Drink! Drink the offerings of these many men, having offered you their fertile juices and phalluses for the divine pleasures."

I tilt the bowl slightly and start drinking from it, in small sips. They taste is almost overwhelming .. the texture smooth like silk. 

I sense everyone's eyes watching me. I pause and start again ... Anne intervenes and grabs the bowl and tips it all over my head. She scoops up the last drops with two fingers and brings them to my mouth. I obligingly suck on them and look thankfully into her smiling green eyes.

They both step away and the music starts again. Three waitresses in black and white uniforms enter, carrying champagne glasses for the audience. I grab hold of myself and am surprised by how hard I still am, and that I haven't cum yet. It's been like a dream, it still seems like a dream. I move a little, as my legs feel numb, and am reminded of the dildo still inside me. 

Anne sees me, and calls everyone's attention to me. 

"Watch our toy boy caress himself to climax now ...," she declares.

I am suddenly not sure if I will be able. There are so many watching, including the waitresses. But I start wanking myself, and within short I have the most tremendous orgasm. I shoot rope after rope over my stomach, and some even up on to my face. 

Finally, I sit completely spent, with my legs outstretched, panting and blushing. I am greeted by a long round of applause.

...

The lights are dimmed down, and the music stops, and everyone leaves talking and laughing. I sit alone, naked and drenched and slowly regain my senses. 

Anne and Magnus appear out of the dark, each carrying a red candle. Without a word, the help me rise to my feet, and give me the two candles to hold. Anne indicates for me to walk around the white cock statue, and I do.

"Kiss it," she reminds me.

As indicated, I continue by doing a tour around the black cock and finishes by licking it.

They then indicate that I should follow them, and I do to a small door at the very far end. They open it and let me pass. 

"See you downstairs in the bar afterwards, Ted," Anne tells me, and they close the doors.

My clothes are neatly folded on the chair, there is a comb, and there is a bottle of water and a few et wipes in a box. 

I try to clean up at least my face and hair with the wipes, but there isn't enough for my whole body. Much of it has by now also dried, so I pull on my clothes and walk warily and on weak legs to the elevator. As the doors open, I am greeted by the Japanese business men. I step in, and nervously look around. Do they know? Was anyone of them there?

We all step out into the lobby and I head for the bar. I need a strong drink now. 

Magnus and Anne are there but are about to leave. They greet me with big smiles and laughs. 

"You are just marvellous Ted," Anne giggles.

"Unfortunately, we need to leave now already," Magnus declares and grabs my hand for a firm shake. 

He pulls me towards him and whispers in my ear;

"You made Anne so horny we have to go home and fuck. But we've opened a tab in the bar and think you should stay on and award yourself with a good gin-and-tonic or so."

He pulls me even closer, and his voice is deep when he says;

"Maybe you know some of the people here ... or at least, they know you ... cum lover."

His words ring in my ear as they leave, and I sit down. They waiter brings me a large drink, and winks at me as he puts it down. Was he one of the men? 

I feel myself grow hard again, as I raise the glass and look around the room.