 SLAM!

"Hmph!" Callum "The Highlander" Weir literally felt the breath being ripped from his lungs as his back hit the mat. Hard.

The Bastard had slammed him.

Blue-green eyes blinked rapidly as trying to bring his world back into focus, but before Cal was able to bring a semblance of air into his lungs the Bastard was already on him, his fists flying, hard muscled thighs straddling his sweat slicked torso as he mounted him.

Callum raised his arms up to protect his head from the rain of pain.

His mouth was bleeding, he was sure of that. There was no mistaking that distinct copper taste that ran over his tongue.

He hated to scramble but this was a bad position and he needed to get out of it, quick. If the strikes he wasn't able to block paired with the way his head bounced back on the mat with the blows were any indication: he wouldn't be able to make it to the end of the round.

It was the last round, there wasn't a chance in hell that he was getting himself knocked out before this round was over.

No way, his pride wouldn't be able to take it.

Callum shrimped to his side, pushing against one of the Bastard's hard, tanned thighs effectively getting his hips out from under him, quickly locking his own legs into a tight half-guard. The Scot tried to get on his side, but the Bastard was putting pressure on him, making breathing hard as hell. He ignored the hard chest pressing against him as he curled himself closer to the Bastard's hips, the slick of sweat on both of their bodies helping him along, enabling him to get the under-hook. Callum didn't waste any time before roughly shrugging his shoulder forward, throwing the Bastard's body off kilter. He tried not to smile at the widening of the Bastard's startled gray eyes.

Yeah, didn't see that one coming did you, asshole? Yeah, I don't give two fucks if you're bigger than me.

And he was way bigger. The Bastard didn't outweigh him by much, but he had two inches and more mass plus zero body fat. Okay that was an exaggeration on his part, but as far was he was concerned skin didn't count as body fat.

Callum had to admit that he was envious of that body.

Not that his body was anything to sneeze at.

He worked hard, trained harder, there was no way that he was going to let this Bastard take it to him. Not without a fight.

Callum tried to take his back, trying to climb over the man like a giant spider monkey, but the Bastard was quick to recover and was already turning into him, trying to overtake him.

Not this time cocksucker. Damn, Inner Callum was getting mouthy.

Callum ignored his inner shit talker and practically tackled the Bastard back onto the blood splattered mats.

Fuck, that wasn't all mine was it? Cal wondered, barely registering the other man wrapping his heavy legs around his middle.

He looked down at the man underneath him, his strong thighs clamped tightly around Cal's hips painfully. Blue-green meeting grey.

Callum raised a gloved fist and slammed it down onto the Bastards scruffy face, over and over, barely concealing his glee when he saw the skin split open over one dark brow.

If only he could keep this up until the bell rang---

A heavy bicep clamped onto his left arm and Callum jerked in surprise, feeling the Bastard use his hip as a place to brace his foot.

Fuckity fuck!

The Bastard's leg swung over Callum's head, his face being smashed mercilessly against the back of a heavily muscled thigh. Face flush against hamstring. The Scot felt his arm straighten, pop twice before he tried to defend against the armbar, his bicep straining, back arching as he tried follow the Bastard's backward momentum, to curl his arm from the uncomfortable position. Pop twice, it ain't gonna feel nice, pop thrice.. Then you're fucked.

Sweat was getting into his eyes, stinging them. Callum gritted his teeth behind his mouthpiece as he tried to stack the Bastard underneath him. He knew he needed to relieve pressure from his elbow, it'd snap like a twig if he didn't.

Lactic acid was building in his arms, his grips were weakening, his arms were getting tired.

Fuck fuck fuck! He chanted mentally, trying not to panic, trying to hold on until---

DING DING DING!

Oh thank Christ.

It was the strangest thing.

Once that bell rings the mind opens up and the roar of the crowd reaches the ring... Cal still found that fascinating. All the adrenaline fading from your ears only to be replaced with loud screams and bright lights.

He had forgotten they were there.

The Bastard had immediately let go once the bell sounded and rose to his feet. Callum stayed on his knees, watching the blood drip from his lip onto the mat. His breathing was harsh, his throat burned. Then a gloved hand was in his face, palm up. Callum looked at the hand blankly, why the fuck was that thing in his face?

"C'mon Scotty." A low rumble called to him and Callum immediately scowled.

He hated that damned nickname.

"Bastard." He muttered taking the outstretched hand allowing himself to be helped to unsteady feet.

"Gio." He smiled his stupid dimpled smile.

"What?"

"My name, I keep telling you it's Gio, not Bastard." He looked like he wanted to laugh.

Callum narrowed his eyes slightly, "Then stop acting like one."

"Touché."

The Ref. grasped both fighters and pulled them to their respective places on each side of him. Callum on his left and Gio the Bastard on his right.

"Ladies and Gentlemen after going a full five rounds for our main event, the victor of this bout is left to the judges." The booming voice sounded like it was coming from everywhere all at once, but both men kept their eyes locked onto the announcer with the microphone pacing back and forth between them. The crowd was quiet with anticipation.

"Your winner, and still Champion of the Cage!" he roared over the excited chatter of the fans, "Gio "The Hammer" De-e-e Fa-alco-o-o!"

And the crowd's screams had become deafening before Callum simply tuned out, allowing his mind to shut down and go into auto pilot. He was faintly aware of shaking Gio's hand and giving him a polite congratulatory half hug before turning away to step out of the ring.

Blatantly ignoring the look on the Bastard's face. He needed to get away. From the crowd. From the lights. From the cameras. From those searching smokey eyes.

Cal stepped off the metal stairs leading down from the well lit ring. He spotted his coach as the older man made his way to him, his face calm and assessing.

"Sorry Coach."

"Sorry nothin', Weir." He snapped, clasping his sweat drenched shoulder in a firm, warm paw, "You did fuckin' fantastic in there, don't you let this get ya down."

Cal ran a gloved hand through his dark wet locks, "I—"

"Shut it. Dress down and hit the showers I'll be there to help—"

He cut Coach off with a small shake of his head, "I... I need to be by myself, Coach. I'll suit down myself."

He could tell that Coach wanted to protest, but then stopped and nodded stiffly, "All right Kid. I respect that."

Cal ignored the hordes of people reaching out to touch him, to offer their sympathies or congratulate him on the good fight, some threw insults his way, some offered encouragements.

He ignored them all.

Solitude. Now that sounded like heaven, and his feet moved quicker unaware of a stormy gray gaze trained on him.

Gio didn't like the look he saw in those eyes. They were usually expressive, fiery, animated. He couldn't stop thinking about how dead they looked. Muted. Dull. Nothing like the man who fought like the devil minutes ago.

Shut down.

The fucking Scot shut himself down.

The Highlander's Coach approached him and Gio watched the exchange with avid interest before his attention was torn away.

"Good fight, Hammer!" he heard his crew roar, lifting him up in their excitement.

And it was. It was one helluva good fight.

He usually finished the fight after the second round, but the other man had so much heart, the guy fought like a demon, he didn't quit; kept coming at him.

That's why he admired him so much, why he looked forward to this fight.

He always liked watching other fighter's matches, he liked to study them and see who's the one to watch out for.

And that was definitely Callum "The Highlander" Weir.

The Scotsman took the Cage world by storm. Fighting with such ferocity that made excitement spark inside him.

He hadn't felt that spark in a long ass time.

Gio wasn't afraid to admit that the other man inspired him to train harder for this fight, watching the Scot's rawness in the ring almost made him giddy, he felt so high.

He spotted the guy out at the clubs a few times, and tried to engage him in conversation... And he'd been watching him ever since:

"Hey, you're "the Highlander", right?"

The man grunted an affirmative, but was eyeing him warily as he took a swig of his bottled water.

"Gio." He ignored Weir's stand-offish attitude, "I guess we have a match in a few months."

The Scotsman had seemed surprised for a split second before recognizing him, "Hammer De Falco."

"Hammer! How did you feel about your fight with Cal Weir?" The announcer's voice cut into his day dreaming by choosing that moment to shove a mic in his face.

He let out a small tired smile, "Man it was a good fight. Weir's a very talented fighter, and I can honestly say that I felt honored to step toe to toe with the guy."

"You took some pretty hard hits," Announcer dude pointed to his busted face, Gio could feel his blood leaking slowly down his the side of his cheek. Blood mixed with sweat.

"Uh, yeah" he looked somewhat sheepish, "Ironically enough, the guy fists feel like being hit by a sledgehammer." Or a fucking freight train.

He heard a few chuckles at his pun before the Announcer turned the mic toward his own mouth to be heard, "Is there anyone you'd like to thank?"

Gio then began his 'thank the family and sponsor's speech' while in his mind's eye he was still seeing that toned, glistening back walking away.

"Baby." She cooed in his ear from behind him as her long, blood red tipped manicured nails skimmed over his hard pectorals, "You okay?"

Vanessa meant well, he knew that, but her constant petting and high pitched cooing was annoying the fuck out of him.

Hell no he wasn't okay, "I'm good, Ness." he told her instead.

Cal could practically feel her melting behind him at the nickname as she rubbed his bare shoulders, her nail color startling against his pale skin.

Shit, he had hoped for some solitude when he got back here, but when he spotted the blonde head of his girlfriend, it took everything he had not to groan at the unfairness.

He really should end it soon.

She was past due.

Three months past due.

Not that Vanessa was a bad girlfriend or anything, she was just getting too clingy.

Fuck, last week he just noticed that she kept leaving shit in his apartment. It started out with small shit. You know, like a shirt, some underwear... Now she had her fucking shampoo and conditioner in his shower, her toothbrush near his sink. Fucking tampons in his medicine cabinet.

... Yeah it was about time. He just didn't have the energy right now to voice himself.

He let her chatter on and on about the inconsequential BS as she is prone to do and tried to think about the fight, but ended up thinking about the man himself.

"That's me." he had grinned boyishly at him, a lopsided smile appearing on his rugged, unshaven face.

Why is he talking to me? He had thought to himself as he took another gulp of his water.

"Great kilt." he motioned downward with his own bottled water.

Cal glanced down at his tartan draped over his brawny legs, "Oh, uh... Thanks."

"I think it's cool that you wear it during your fight entrance." he looked like he really meant what he said.

It was no secret that Cal had pride in his heritage, "Thanks." Man, he didn't know what to do with all the attention.

Gio made a small chuckling noise before he turned to lean against the bar, a similar position to his.

De Falco was a big man, his arms bulging beneath his dress shirt as he crossed his arms comfortably, dark jeans with heavy boots crossing at the ankle. His handsome face was scanning the crowded club, the laser lights dancing across his tanned skin, dark hair was styled slightly, with the sides close shaved, but the top long enough to be swept to the side appealingly. Cal would have assumed the style would have made anyone look kind of girly, but with his strong jawline and the intense gray of his eyes he just looked kind of... Sexy.

"What was that?" Gio's deep voice penetrated his thoughts.

Fuck, did he say that out loud?

"Why are you talking to me?" He decided to ignore the other's question.

Another dimpled smile split the rugged face as he laughed, "Straight to the point huh?"

Cal didn't think he needed to answer that.

"I just admire you, that's all."

What was that sound?

That's right there was no sound, his heart stopped beating.

"Huh?" he turned his head to look at him dumbly.

"What? I can't admire a good fighter when I see one?"

"N-no, it's just that.. you're, well you."

God, he was making an ass out of himself.

Cal felt the other man lean close, his breath hot against his ear, "The way you move," He breathed, "So smooth, so fluid. You move with purpose, nothing wasted. So focused... it's actually kinda beautiful."

Cal jerked his head back to look at him, "The fuck it is!"

"It is." His gray eyes, despite the lighting of the club, looked like they were glowing, "I'm really looking forward to this fight."

Wait a second... Callum's mind raced, his eyes narrowing in suspicion.

"This some sort of pre-fight mind fucking?" He hissed through his teeth instantly pissed, "Because if it is, you can go fuck yourself, De Falco."

"Whoa whoa whoa, hold on there, Scotty." He raised both his hands up in defense, "Not how I roll."

Which Cal knew was true, De Falco had been in the game for a long time and he's known for being a 'what you see is what you get' kind of guy. No games. No bullshit. Not even doing the crowd hyping shit talking that most fighters were wont to do.

"Scotty?"

A small sheepish grin curved perfect lips, "Yeah, sorry I suck at names, so when I meet people I make them a nickname so I remember them."

"I don't like it."

"Tough."

Silence as they stared at each other.

"I like you, Scotty."

"And why is that you bastard?"

"You're not fawning over my ass."

It was Cal's turn to smile, though he suspected that it might have came off as a sneer, "Why would I do that? Because you're "Champion"?"

Gio shrugged a 'maybe'.

"Not for long." the Scotsman leaned up to catch the other's eyes, really this bastard is fucking tall, "Because I'm gonna take it from ya."

Fuck if his eyes didn't start sparkling again when those lips split to expose straight white teeth, "Oh, fuck." he heard him breathe, "I really would love to see you try."

It was supposed to be mocking, those words... But they came out breathy, deep... To Cal it almost sounded like the man groaned a little. The words did something to make his belly feel strange and warm. Cal willed his heart not to beat out of his chest.

"Oh, baby."

Cal jerked a little to find a bottle blonde head between his spread thighs.

She cupped him through his white, blood stained fight shorts and he immediately regretted taking out his cup.

"Mmm you're so hard."

Fuckity, fuck!

Her small pink tongue darted out to lick her bright red lips as she eye fucked him, gripping his stiff shaft through the material of his shorts. Vanessa probably thought she looked sexy.

He thought she looked like a Siamese cat licking cream and politely tried not to shudder. Those things creeped him out. A hairless cat. Gross.

Cal hissed through his teeth when her hand squeezed his sac none too gently. Fuck, my nuts are not a fucking stress ball, woman...

He was kind of dreading it actually, he knew what she wanted to do, and getting blown by Vanessa always involved her using teeth in all the wrong ways. An uncut dick was a little different from a cut one. To Vanessa a dick was a dick and she never paid any attention to how he liked his dick sucked. It was to the point where he would grunt and apply pressure on her jaw so she'd leave it open and he'd use her mouth that way.

Her only saving grace was the fact that her pussy can take the kind of pounding Cal liked to dish.

And she fucking loved it.

The way her greedy little cunt would milk him when he'd drive his not so average prick inside with hard, deep strokes.

Plus she had a good ass, he loved fucking her ass.

Normally he'd be pulling himself out of his shorts before face fucking his girlfriend, but something was bothering him.

Probably the fact that she wasn't the one who made him hard in the first place.

It was those damned laughing gray eyes and full fucking lips. Fuckity fuck!

For the past month those eyes haunted him. In his dreams he'd see those same eyes, rimmed with dark sooty lashes looking up at him while those lips closed around his uncut dick, lips and teeth gently nipping at his foreskin, while the flat of his tongue would lick his knob like it was the best thing he ever tasted. No matter how hard he crammed his rod into that Bastard's mouth, he took it. Opened his mouth wider, licking and sucking, drooling--- FUCK. What was wrong with him?

Cal pushed her away from his hard erection.

"No."

She pouted, "Why not baby? You're so hard, I can make you feel--"

"Said no." his voice was gruff, his eyes hard.

Her blue eyes narrowed as she rose from between his knees on high stilted heels. She tossed blonde hair over her shoulder, putting a hand on her mini skirt clad hips. "Augh, fine. Suit yourself." She made a great show in turning around, her pert ass in his face.

"Give me a call when you're ready to get over yourself." she called behind her coyly, in that annoying way some women did when they thought they can lead you around by the dick.

That did it.

With an ill concealed growl, Cal hissed through a sneer, "In that case, you might as well lose my number, cause it looks like I'm tossing yours, babe."

She paused in mid step, almost stumbling, "Calli--"

"No sweetheart. I'm done."

Vanessa looked like she wanted to cry, but mostly she looked like she wanted to kick him in the balls.

Maybe he really should have kept his cup on. Those shoes looked pretty wicked.

"I'll mail the shit you left at my place, so don't bother."

Now she looked pissed, "Fuck you! I can't even believe I spent so much time on you. What a fucking waste! I can do so much better anyway. Better than some jacked up loser." she stomped out of the locker room, nearly running into someone.

"Get the fuck out of my way, asshole!" She screeched like a banshee before shoving passed them, her heels clicking down the hall.

"Whoa. Excuse me Crouching Tiger Not so Hidden Bitch..." a deep voice echoed in the room.

Recognition made Cal freeze.
