 Chapter 1: Off to War 

I can't remember the last time I heard the rain falling this hard. The cold wind dancing through the window, slowly brushing up against me as I laid on my bed looking up at the wooden ceiling. Every now and then the wind would bring along a drop of rain making it land on my leg. I watched it tentatively as it ran down leaving its legacy behind. 

I pushed my body up now sitting; I turned my head to look out the window to see the grey pale sky. I always wondered why I liked the sky most when it became concealed with clouds. I could always look up and let my mind run wild, exploring every possible question yet never really finding the answers to any of them, I never minded. Life is always filled with unanswered questions. My attention was drawn to the noise outside my bedroom. 

I could hear my parents talking in the other room about me not going, about how it was suicide to go out there with a plane and defend what has given them life. War is something no one really likes to talk about yet it happens in everyday life, whether it's internally or externally, God knows most of my battles take place internally. Life has always been a bit difficult for me in that aspect, ever since I was a child I knew I was different though I'd never let anyone see it. I spent most of my teenage years trying to be like everyone else, I had my own group of friends and a passion for adventure. 

My father walked into the room with his hands behind his back and nodded only once. My father was a quiet man who valued the name he carried and hoped his child would carry those same values. "You're an Arcklow," he would say whenever I was about to compete in tournament as if the name itself was a source of invisibility. I kept my eyes fixed on him as he left the room to attend to my mother who I could hear sobbing from the kitchen. Without wasting another minute I picked up my green bag threw it over my shoulder and walked out of my room ready to embark on the journey ahead. It was time for John Arcklow to be his own man. 

I looked at my parents and saw my mother's eye bloodshot red, I walked over to her kissed her forehead and whispered "I'll be home soon", I turned to my father and gave him a strong hug, I felt him pull me even closer as if he was telling me not to go. Once I walked over to the brown wooden door I nodded my head at them and walked into the rain shutting the door behind me wondering if that was going to be the last time I ever saw them. 

I felt the rain bouncing around me as if it were building a protective aura to shield me from the world around me; I almost smiled at the thought of it. The path to the train station was muddy; I could smell the carbon from the train and see the black smoke puffing into the air from a block away. I looked around and saw the same houses I would walk by my whole life only this time they looked different, they looked empty. Alone. The war had really impacted England; many people said it wasn't very safe to live in the country while this crazy madness was going on. I wanted to tell myself this was the reason why I was going to fight but even I didn't buy into that. 

Before I knew it I arrived at the train station only to see a group of officers and a few soldiers getting on the train. I walked over to the nearest one; he was in a cadet uniform, most likely volunteering trying to feel like he was part of the war. Once I was face to face with him I noticed he was no older than 16, he was carrying a wooden clipboard with a sheet on it and looked right at me. 

"Name?" 

"Jack Arcklow," I replied. 

"Arcklow welcome aboard soldier," 

I can safely say that was the only communication I had for the rest of the night. I boarded the train and made my way towards the end of it. I looked around to see a few soldiers here and there but mostly everyone was quiet and scattered. Keeping my eyes forward I manage to find a spot far enough from everyone. I placed my bag overhead, sat down, took one deep breath and closed my eyes. 

The sound of thunder caused me to wake up with fear and uncertainty. I had almost forgotten where I was but the sound of the tracks soon made me realize it, I was on a train, headed towards London. I looked down at my uniform and almost felt like a stranger in it, a pilot and soldier of England fighting against the Germans. 

The engine slowly came to a halt; I looked out the window and managed to see a group of Officers outside the train waiting to greet the soldiers who were being dropped off. I really wasn't looking forward to meeting any one of them, let alone shake their hand. 

As soon as I got off the train an Officer who looked like he had been punched in the face 20 times greeted me. 

"Welcome soldier, I'm commander Rhodes, I'll be in charge of your squad for the next week. If you have any questions please come see me." 

"Yes, Sir." I responded with no real emotion or effort to engage in a conversation. Before I was able to make a run for the car an Officer tapped me on the shoulder. 

"Soldier is this yours?" 

I turned to see a soldier in an Officer uniform and a Royal Distinguished medal pinned on his chest. I looked right at his face and was immediately drawn to his green eyes and froze. 

"Soldier is this yours?" 

Somehow I couldn't put the words coming out of his mouth together until I looked down and saw my bag with my tag attached to it. 

"Yes Sir," 

"I thought so, all the other soldiers had their bag and you were the only one without one, seems like you were in a hurry to get out of here," 

"Actually Sir I was I had a rough day and I have no mind to meet and greet." 

"That's perfectly understandable but listen soldier don't call me Sir, call me Grayson, Grayson Kent." 

"Yes, Sir I mean Grayson Sir." 

I felt like an idiot right now all I wanted to do was to get the hell in the car and ignore everyone else like I have for the last day. Something about this Officer seemed to have me babbling like an idiot, he was the very thing I'm was trying to run from. 

"Thank you Grayson." 

I took my bag from his hand and walked away quickly before he could get another word in. What the hell is going on with me the only reason why I chose to join the air force was to prove to myself that I am a man regardless of what I craved or whom I wanted to be with. I was born a man and the air force was going to teach me what that meant. It was that simple it was something I had to do whether my heart was in it or not, it was the right thing to do and no one was going to get in my way. 

The car we drove in seemed to be one of the newer versions Ford seemed to construct. It fit 5 people and the seats themselves were leather. I ran to catch the window seat of the car that way I had a chance to gaze out and create some random fantasy within my head. 

London had changed dramatically since the last time I was here. Back in November of last year I came to attend a flight academy session in order to learn the basics as well as to fight and handle a gun just in case the situation called for it. It was now January and most of the buildings have been bombed to the ground. Every street we drove through had reminded us of how bad this war has gotten. We kept driving until we pulled up in front of a theater. 

The building itself was beautiful, the lights lit up the whole front and the sign on top read the name of some movie along with price of the show. I imagine seeing people getting all dressed up on a Friday night and walking towards the theater to kill some time and find entertainment of some sort. What a night that must have been. 

Chapter 2: Captain 

I stepped out of the car and felt a group of soldiers dash pass me running through the doors. I walked up to the glass door of the theater and pushed inward, I stood there in utter suspense and had no words. This place was amazing. The walls were dark red and on each one contained a small British flag draped along to remind us of what we were fighting for. Right in the middle of the room were two staircases that curved, one to the left and one to the right and in the middle of them was a crystal chandelier, which elegantly hanged from the ceiling. It felt as if I were in the King's palace. I looked around and saw all the soldiers gathered up in the lobby and noticed Commander Rhodes starting to walk up the stairs, once he reached the top he stood on a small podium and looked right at us. 

"Attention young air soldiers. Welcome to your station, I trust that each of you have attended the flight training back in November and had time to say your goodbyes but I remind you that it is now January 1945 and I wish to end the war this year and with all your help I'm sure we will. Now I am your Commander, the highest authority in this station. If any of you have any questions please don't be afford to ask your commanding officers or me. Now I want to divide each one of you with your Officer but before I do I want to introduce you to a hero which I know all of you have heard of, straight from Germany where he just took down an entire flight of Nazi air crafts unharmed I want you to welcome Captain Grayson Kent." 

Grayson, Grayson, Grayson why did that name sound so familiar? I suddenly felt a cold knot in my stomach and realized who it was. I drew my eyes towards him as he walked up the stairs to meet with Commander Rhodes. 

"Thank you Commander." 

"No! Thank you for being here with us. Now listen up all of you, since Captain Grayson is taking a small break from fighting those bastards he has decided to stay here and take the role of an Officer and watch over you for the rest of the week before you're made graduates and shipped off to make your country proud and finally end this war." 

All I heard next was a loud screaming roar from the audience as they drew praise towards the Commander and the Captain. After that the Commander began to call the name of each Officer followed by the names of the soldiers he was to watch over. Finally it was Captain Grayson's turn to announce his squad. The Captain began to read his list each name felt like a bomb on my chest, I attentively heard each name and almost wanted him to call mine but soon snapped into reality and almost prayed he didn't. 

"...Jay, Evans, and Arcklow." 

Crap he called my name! I began to panic a bit and looked up to see the Captain who was now smiling and writing something down followed by him dropping the paper on the Commander's hand as he walked away. He just had to say my name didn't he? Don't stress about it Jack come on this guy probably has a wife and children by the look on his face, there is no way in hell he would ever be single or even into you, and why do I care I want nothing to do with him, he's my officer for the week that's all, nothing more nothing less. 

After all the soldiers were placed with their officer it was time to rally up and get some sleep. I walked into the room I was assigned and noticed I wasn't sharing it with the Captain; it would be a dam fucken coincidence if we were. My roommate's name was Alex Petrol he was average size, very skinny and looked like he would be no trouble. I walked up to the empty bed on the right side of the room and placed my bag right on top of it, I immediately opened it up and took out my toothbrush and walked over to the bathroom. Once I got there I brushed my teeth and splash some water on my face. I looked up at the mirror in front of the sink and noticed small little scratches on it, each scratch seemed like it was riding along with the reflection it emulated. I looked at my face and noticed my grey eyes, they seemed like pools of coldness, as if time had stopped when I looked into them, forever trapped. My face was stern and I had a small little scratch on my chin from shaving the night before. I remembered my home instantly but I had shaken it off right away reminding myself how it was one of the reasons why I am here to shaped my future and forget my past. I heard the door open and held my breath thinking it might be the Captain but it was only another soldier. I felt paranoid with no explanation whatsoever. I picked up my brush and walked back into my room to sink into the only sanctuary I had, sleep. 

The bell rang at 6 am sharp which signaled us to get up and get ready for today. I got dressed quickly and found my way down to the lobby. I began to admire the movie posters, each one seemed to have the same message, a strong brave hero and a beautiful defenseless woman cringed to his arms, how I hated it was this way. I fixed my eyes on a specific one, right in front of me stood an image of a beautiful woman dressed in what I could decipher to be very expensive clothing. Her arm rested on her face with a tear running down it and in the far back a sailor stood with such a sad expression on his cold face. 

"That one right there is a classic." 

My body jumped into a frozen shock as I heard the soft voice from behind me. I turned around to see Captain Grayson in his uniform looking right at the poster as if it were a candy shop. 

"Movies are my passion aside from this, they offer a way to escape from reality even if its just a second, kind of like a book but only most of the imagination part is done for you," he laughed a bit at that last part. 

"Bag boy right?" 

"Excuse me Sir?" I replied. 

"Your bag boy from yesterday right and for the last time don't call me that," he smiled. 

"I'm sorry Captain Grayson." 

"Grayson." 

"Right Grayson sorry," 

"You apologize too much you know that?" 

"I know, sorry." 

He looked at me with a puzzled expression and then busted out into laughter. 

"So Arcklow have you seen it before?" 

"Seen what?" 

"That movie behind you of course." 

"Oh, no I really didn't watch movies growing up and sorry but how did you know my last name?" 

"Your tag was on the bag remember plus you're in my squad it's my job to know your name." 

"Oh right, have you learned all the names of the other men already!" 

"No just yours," he said with a smile on his face still looking at the poster. 

"Captain Grayson my boy." 

"Commander Rhodes good to see you." 

The Commander appeared from right behind us looking right at Captain Grayson not really even admiring my presence. 

"Same my boy, I need to see you in my office to talk about the dance coming up, its in a few days and I need the contact info of every officer in the air force." 

"Yes, Sir I'm right behind you," he replied as he nodded his head with courtesy. 

Captain Grayson turned to smile at me and walked away following the footsteps of the Commander. What the hell did he mean by just my name? Stop it Jack, stop over thinking these things, it's this type of thinking that will get you killed focus on the plan, fight your desires and instincts and focus on your duty. 

Chapter 3: I Read Nazi 

I really did not get to see too much of the Captain right after our morning conversation, if you can even call it a conversation. I was a bit relieved that I haven't seen him yet I wanted to catch a quick glimpse of him, just a quick look. My focus was broken when a group of guys asked me what a word meant, I took the paper from their hand and read the following, "Axis 234 meet and follow the next set of directions some of the few radios on site are broken, find one and call 324-43." I looked up to see the other guys looking right at me as if I were nuts. 

"You read Nazi?" 

"Nazi? What are you talking about?" I replied with a bit of precaution. 

I looked down at the paper once more and realized it was written in German, the language always seemed to intrigue me, and the fact that I knew something no one else did back in my hometown made me feel powerful like I knew a secret no one else knew about. 

"I learned how to read German when I was a little kid, all I did was pick up a book and the rest came naturally." I replied quickly and quietly. 

"Well, then Arcklow looks like you are going to be the only one who gives out the instructions since you are the only one who can read them." The soldier looked right at me and nodded his head as if I was in charge but I felt that sense of distrust at the same time like if I were a German spy infiltrating the British force. I felt a smile land on my face for a split second but then I realized how this might not be such a good thought. 

"Arcklow can you come here for a second my boy," screamed the Commander. 

"Yes Commander Rhodes." 

"I was going over your file and it says here you broke the record for quickest flight time as well as the bombing accuracy. How on earth did you go around not saying something like that! I'm sure the Captain would love to hear about this since he might recruit a few soldiers to join his PT-5 air squad and with this there is no way he would say no!" 

I could see him focused on my filing looking at it with such amusement. To only think he saw me this morning and gave me no attention. Suddenly I've become a prize for him to stare at. 

"Sir no disrespect but I rather have no special treatments. I'm here as a regular soldier and wish to continue my service as one. I understand that the PT squad is an honorable position but I don't think I'm right for this." 

"Well, then I'm sorry to hear that but think it over I'm sure you'll realize how big of a mistake you're making, now go back out there and finish the rest of the day's training." 

I walked back to my group and continued to complete drills as well as flight mechanic exams and a few translation exercises to improve on my German. By the end of the day I was exhausted and wanted nothing more than to climbed into bed to get some rest. 

I had not seen Captain Grayson since the morning and began to get a bit worried. Wait worried? Worried at what? I bet he's off with some pretty little thing riding the night. By the way why the hell should I care I don't even know him! 

I walked up the stairs and placed my hand on the wood. It felt nice knowing things felt quite the same for once, wood was still wood and stairs were still stairs. The halls looked beautiful and I never paid to much attention to them until now, after all this was a movie theater. I placed my hand on the wall and felt the warmth to it, smooth and warm just like touching a warm piece of bread out of an oven. I made my way to be room and noticed my roommate was asleep already so I quietly laid on my bed and looked straight up at the ceiling. Somehow it drove me into the clouds and had me dreaming about being a small child back home extending out my arms and pretending I was a plane, no fear or problems to concentrate on, just me and my imagination. 

The next morning we all gathered in the lobby to see the Commander standing up high looking down at us with his usual facial expression. 

"Listen up soldiers Captain Grayson had to leave us on a short trip he was called back to a base not too far from here and is scheduled to come back tomorrow so have most of your officers meaning that you all have the day off to explore the town, go out, have fun, meet a nice young lady and fall in love, I really don't care just make sure to not get into any trouble and be back here and report by 11 pm now go" 

I quickly felt conversations breaking out and heard plans of a few "whore houses" around town and how they should get it in quickly. I felt the need to join in and experience this right of passage but it was just not my day. With most of the soldiers running out the door I thought about walking around town at least to get a feel of where I was stationed. I never got to go out during my stay here in November. 

I placed my hat on in an attempt to feel a sense of pride and walked out the glass doors. The weather in London was very cold, the air here seemed to give me chills unlike the one back home, this air was different; it wasn't my air. I saw a couple of guys trying to talk to a few girls outside a burger shop, what I loved about situations like these were how the guys would act. Usually what a situation like this looked like involved the guys flexing while the young ladies would bat their eyes at them and smile giving a few chuckles here and there yet somehow they both know how the night was going to end. I laughed to myself just a little and walked into the burger shop. I noticed everyone in the place look at me with some sort of fear yet security. I walked over to a table near the window and ordered a coffee. This uniform seemed to attract a lot of eyes as well as power. When I tried to pull my wallet out the waitress said someone had paid for it already, I looked over to see an older man along with his wife and they both gave me a small smile and waved at me like I had done something heroic for them. I raised my coffee mug and gave them a small smile out of my appreciation and took a large gulp from the cup. 
