 It's funny, but after I gave Sam a very gay blowjob in front of his wife, I was satisfied. Even though I didn't cum, I was happy to leave, even with a fucking beautiful and fucking naked and fucking aroused Lisa in the same fucking bed as her spent husband and me. I gave her a gentlemanly kiss and went home, leaving the younger lovers to sleep together and process what had just happened. With any luck we could continue our friendship but no matter what, it would be different now. I had been intimate with her husband, and even though she was there, encouraging us, and getting herself off while watching, I knew Lisa and Sam would be on thin ice until they came to terms with what had happened this fateful night. Did he like it? Did he like it too much? Was she jealous? Was she worried that I was competition? Would he want to try other men? There's a lot of shit to process after an event like this... 

That's why I didn't want to include Lisa in our tryst, I was happy to have her watch so that I didn't have to add the complication of Sam being jealous to an already complicated algorithm. Not that I wouldn't have liked to have been with her too but I knew that I'd made the right decision. Worse case, they could blame it on the pot and call it a wild night and never see me again, best case, well I don't know. Would a repeat be in the cards or, much like in my past, would I be able to put my bi-side back in a box for a while until it demanded to come out and play again? 

What about Betsy? Would they tell her, would they think less of me for not telling her. Man, this all seemed like such a good idea when it started, now we'd need a compass to get out of this mess...

When I got home I got naked and I got hard instantly, I had been with a man again and I loved it. I felt fulfilled and exhilarated as I remembered the images of our night: Lisa's tits, her fingers in her pussy, Sam kissing me and stroking my ass as I hit that magic point where I sweetly felt myself surrendering to this mature and handsome man. Him exploding in my mouth and then on my face while Lisa screamed in orgasm... 

MMMM I was stroking now and even sliding a lubed finger into my ass imagining Sam going a little further. I came; hard ropes of cum covering my chest and even my mouth, I licked cum for the second time that night and fell asleep sticky and happy.

I had some things to process too, I thought of Betsy, I was once again in a relationship with a woman who would dump me if she found my secret, and I didn't want that to happen, she was perfect in every other way. Was it worth ending a relationship over something that seemed to be an otherwise controllable fetish? I didn't consider myself gay or even bi, until I got in that mood, and then I could certainly play the role of a gay man and love it. Was it a fetish or was I just more evolved sexually than other people? I mean, I don't usually walk around checking out men, I don't want a boyfriend, but when in a situation where I am giving and receiving pleasure with another person I don't draw a distinction based on sex. 

And, I'm 62 years old, I'm not likely to outgrow this feeling, I've always felt this way! In my mind the bigger question was how many more years would I be attractive enough and healthy enough to have these gay encounters? I sure don't want to be the old lonely guy in the gay sauna who only gets to watch... In the meantime, I was still in the mood for cock, I was Marylin Chambers, I was insatiable. 

I got to the office the next morning and found myself terribly preoccupied with all of these questions, feeling alive and happy while also feeling conflicted with who I am. Why do I have to always have this inner dialogue anyway? Why do I have to pick a team and stick with it when I know that being on either team exclusively would leave me feeling incomplete. 

After a while I decided that I was going to quit worrying about it and just go with my urges, I wanted to be with a man again, or maybe even more than one. I wanted to go with my fem side, I wanted that feeling of surrender again and around lunchtime I drove over to Club Orlando, the local gay sauna, to see what the afternoon might bring. I felt pretty slutty and knew that I would have some fun. I stopped by the house and slipped into a pair of lacy panties that I'd saved, I felt very sexy as I parked my BMW in the club parking lot and sashayed in, emphasizing my hip movements as I entered the club and got a private room. 

I got undressed and headed towards the outdoor hot tub, stopping to take a shower. I had more than a couple of admirers. I'm 6 foot tall and a well proportioned 190, with wavy blonde hair, I still look pretty good, my long slender legs leading to my tight cyclist's ass: my panties were there to give a deliberate message: I'm here to be taken, not to do the taking. I noticed several older men with beer bellies and balding heads check me out, but I wasn't that desperate, I thought I could find someone more attractive. I didn't want a boy, or any of the twinks that smirked at me as I strolled by the private rooms, I wanted a man. 

I found him, or should I say, he found me. This body builder type guy, mid fifties, alpha mail, 6'4' shaved head just walked up to me and grabbed my hand and led me back inside the club without saying a word to me. He didn't have to. He wrapped his arm around my waste, his strong hand cupping my ass cheek as he led me back to his room, I was in heaven, just what I wanted!

No names, no details, just a big strong man letting me be the person I wanted to be. I imagined myself being a female pornstar, I was his toy, a receptacle and that's what I wanted. He opened a door, it happened to be right next to my room and I slipped in behind him where I was forced to my knees, a hard cock pushing against my lips before I could even open them. "Suck it bitch!" and I did, not that the choice was all mine. Zeus here was fucking my throat, his cock not as big as Sam's and with a little upwards curve. His tight muscular ass was a perfect place to hang on as sweat poured down his back. Man, he was ready to go and I have no idea if it was just me that got him all excited or if he was already this worked up. I didn't care, I was getting worked up myself.

"What do you want bitch, do you want this cock?"

Well, as a matter of a fact I did, I wanted this man and I heard a voice say, "Oh yea, he wants it!" We had an audience, Zeus didn't close his door. 

"Get on the bed Fag!" Zeus told me and I did and then I was feeling my head forced back down on his meat, his throbbing cock forcing its way down my throat. The door closed but we weren't alone, I was pretty busy getting throat fucked but I felt strong hands separating my ass cheeks, another man was playing with my ass. 

"Get him ready for me," said Zeus and I realized that he knew the new member of our ménage, it turned out it was Raul, Zeus's lover, an equally buff Latino who pulled my panties to the side and began licking my ass, my boy pussy, I was in heaven. I don't know if I could have stopped this action even if I wanted to, but I didn't want to! I was right where I wanted to be. Sure I had blown my friend Sam last night in front of his horny wife, but I hadn't cut loose, I hadn't really let go. Right now, I was letting go. I was hard; my cock pushing against my panties as Zeus and Raul gave it to me on both ends. I pushed my ass against Raul's tongue, I wanted more, much more and the fact that I wasn't in control, that my gay lovers were in charge and all I could do was let them have me was enough to make me moan around Zeus's cock like a cheerleader in the backseat of a Chevy, I just wanted more, more, more. 

I felt Zeus's cock getting full, I grabbed is balls and he pulled out of my mouth to my disappointment. I wasn't disappointed for long as the two men swapped places, Raul sticking his thick cock deep in my throat. Zeus, for the first time being a gentleman, rubbed lube on my ass and slid several fingers in my pussy. He slipped a condom on too and now I was ready to get laid, to have two cocks inside my body at once, to be the slut I love to be. Zeus fucked me hard, right from the start filling me all the way to his root in his first plunge, driving me deeper onto Raul, I thought their cocks might meet in the middle of me. 

Zeus was slapping my ass while he long stroked me, pounding away at my ass until he exploded inside his condom, I could feel his heat as he roared like a lion. Raul pulled out, "My turn baby!" and went to my ass, driving in as soon as Zeus pulled out, I heard a voice, that turned out to be mine saying, "Aww fuck me! Fuck me!"

He did.

Then something interesting happen, the He Man previously known as Zeus seemed to have undergone a personality transplant now that he had fucked me like a bull. While his lover, Raul was hammering me, Zeus came over and tenderly kissed my lips and sucked on my tongue, he said, "Milk him baby and then you can fuck me!" Not that I had much choice yet, Raul was enthusiastic and his cock was bigger than his lover's; he was a handful!

Finally, he grabbed me by my hips and pulled backwards, exploding inside his condom and grunting like a stallion. I had been fucked and I was as hard as a rock, I was ready to take Zeus up on his very kind offer. 

"Fuck me stud!" he whispered and bent over the edge of his bed and on wobbly legs I stood up behind him, Raul slipping a condom on me and guiding me into his lover. For the second time in 24 hours I found myself having sex with another couple and it was wonderful. I slipped my hard dick into Zeus, he was tight and responsive and it didn't take me long to erupt inside of his ass swearing as I exploded, emptying my balls into the condom.

Raul kissed me on the mouth and Zeus reached up and rubbed my hair and neck, we had all shared something wonderful and I hoped we could meet again, I don't think I'd ever been so satisfied sexually, this was powerful. 

I drove home tired and tender, I had let the gay me out for a glorious 24 hours and now I knew I'd be okay for a while, I could resume normal life for a while, who knew how long. Sure; to everyone else I was a strong masculine male, but the inner part of me that needed to be satisfied was happy, I'd had 3 men in one day and I was at peace with myself. That's a nice place to be, to know who you are and feel good about it. I thought of that moment where I surrender, not only to the man, or to the situation, but to the inner submissive that I can be, that moment when I flip the switch and for at least a little while I am the whore I always dream of being.