 i was asked to describe my nastiest fantasy, that ever came true.

Ever see those older men, 55-70, that aren't homeless, but hang around the gas stations, minimarts, and walk off into the woods after buying a beer with the money they get from can collecting? Well, i've always wondered if i could suck one. Would i? i thought about it every so often when i would see one. Then one day...

i was on my way home from work and needed gas. i stopped at one of those stations and as i went to open the door to go in to pay, one of those type of men held the door for me. He wasn't young, looked older than he was i think, and said, "Nice shirt." As i walked past.

i turned and said, "Thank you."

He smiled and asked, "Would you like some gum?"

i smiled back and said, "No thanks."

i waited my turn and paid for the gas and told the guy behind the counter which pump i was on. i turned and the older man was still there asking if i wanted some gum. i again politely said, no, and walked out towards my car.

As the gas went in my car i looked around at the passing cars etc. i soon noticed that the man was coming towards me in the lot. i smiled again and said hi.

He walked up close, carrying a few beers in a bag, and said, "Here, i really want you to have this gum."

i took it and thanked him.

As he turned to walk away, he turned and asked, "Want a beer?"

He kept going into the woods on a well worn path.

i watched him going and was getting a little hot thinking that i thought i was just hit on. Was i? Did this really happen, or was i misunderstanding a crazy, drunk, man's attention the wrong way. As the gas continued i couldn't help but stare at the path.

When the gas was done i got in the car and headed for the exit. As i looked back at the path, O pulled to the side, got out and went down it. The path was bare os grass and things, and soon led me to a small clearing where the man sat sipping from one of the beers. He smiled when he saw me and pointed to the milk crate opposite from him for me to sit on. He handed me a beer. i took it.

"Why did you do this to me today?" i asked.

"i liked your shirt."

We sat for a few minutes and i noticed him rubbing his crotch. i watched.

After a few minutes i asked, "What was it with the gum."

He smiled and said, "To get the taste of my cock out of your mouth."

i laughed, "Really?"

He reached down and grabbed his crotch, "Yup."

"You're kidding, right?"

"No, and you want it. You came in here, right?"

i drank more of the beer. "You think that is why i came in here?"

He smiled. "Why else?"

i got up to go and thanked him for the beer. When i was a few steps away, he said, "Don't you want to see it? What you'd be missing?"

i turned around to say something, but his cock was out in his hand. It wasn't big, wasn't impressive, wasn't small, it was about average. And i stared at it. He started stroking it and it grew some standing up pointing to the sky. He sat down again and continued stroking it. Then he nodded at me. i looked at him and i realized that as often as i thought about doing this, it was scaring me. i stood there watching him. Then i turned to go. He laughed.

When i got to the car i got in and sat there looking at the path. Why did i run? i sat there feeling my hardness pressing against my pants. i lowered my head, got out and went back. He heard me coming and laughed again. He stood, got his cock out again and started stroking for me.

Then he sat down and said, "i'm waiting."

i walked over to him and knelt in the dirt and took his cock in my hand. It was hard and hot. i could smell the unwashed musk from the foot or so away. i looked up at him and he put his hand on my head and pushed me onto it. All the way onto it. i gagged and he kept pushing me on. i was actually doing this. It was better and worse than my dreams. The smell, the taste the humiliation. i was soon sucking at him eagerly, the cock in my mouth took over my thoughts and i went for it. It took a while for him to finally cum, shooting thick hot sticky cum into my mouth again and again. There were five or six good pulses before it slowed down to the trickle. It tasted like old beer and piss. My hands milked him and i wiped my chin.

i looked up at him and he said, "Now, him."

When i looked there was another man sitting on the other crate with his cock out as well. He didn't look as old or as unkempt so i did as told. Staying on my knees to crawl there for it. He came quicker, but had a lot more cum than the first guy. i thought for a moment that he was pissing it was so much. It kept coming, pulsing into my mouth. His tasted of spicey food and liquor. When he was done and i sat back, the first guy said, "Glad you got that gum now, right?"

i knew he was teasing me and i didn't want to let it show, so i stood and wiped my lips. Licking my fingers. i didn't want to go for the gum and give him that satisfaction.

i turned and started leaving. "Come back anytime. i'm here a lot," he called to me.

When i got to the car i popped the gum in my mouth.

i won't lie and say i never thought about going back, but i never did. i have passed by there and always wondered.