 After 7 years of being a caregiver, I was sad but wiser when cancer finally stole the great love of my life. I was 62, widowed and an empty nester. Time was my friend, I was free of chemo, doctor's visits, and hospice. It was time to mourn, and then it was time to move forward, to live. No disrespect but I had 7 years to prepare for this day, anticipatory grief is, after all, still grief. I bought a new car, went to Europe where I cried in some churches. I came home ready to look forward, to continue my life story. 

Make no mistake, I loved my wife and we were good together, but every once in a while I needed something I couldn't get at home. For all of my life this had always been my very private secret. I'm masculine, athletic and professional, you'd never know, no one would unless I happened to be giving him a blowjob. For 32 years my wife didn't even suspect that I occasionally loved to suck cock or even get laid. 

Now that I was single, I could pursue actual normal relationships, I wasn't restricted to the occasional bath house visit or road trip hotel room hookup; I was free. I wasn't going to come out as gay, because I'm not, but I was now willing to see where life led.

I decided to live a more outgoing and normal life than I had when I was a husband; to be open to possibilities of all kinds. On Match I met a woman who was a good fit, she checked all of the boxes, and we began to date, oh yea- she didn't check that one box, she was not going to be someone who I'd be confessing my bi secrets to. Betsy and I were otherwise great together, especially in bed, and I found us doing things that I'd been wanting to do sexually for over 30 years. My wife was beautiful but sexually modest, and I found that my bi longings subsided somewhat since I was sexually satisfied with this beautiful and passionate new partner. Maybe that was the issue all along I tried to convince myself.

Betsy is real healthy and active and introduced me to tennis, and I liked that, in fact I became obsessed with the game, taking weekly lessons and practicing almost daily. I got in the best shape of my life, dropping weight and getting a nice flat stomach. She was good for me in so many ways. 

One night at a local wine tasting we found ourselves sitting next to a younger, successful couple from our town. He was about 45, tall, dark and in great shape. His wife was a gorgeous blonde, I know, what would you expect in a story like this, but, I'm telling you, she was! We started chatting and it turns out that he is a former tennis pro and he started giving me some helpful tennis information between glasses of pinot noir. 

I noticed that when I asked her a few questions directly he seemed protective of her, finishing her sentences as if he thought she needed a little help. Or maybe he was uncomfortable with other men talking to his beautiful wife. I used to be married to a beautiful woman, so I thought maybe he hadn't yet learned to enjoy the compliment of her getting attention. Either way, I made a note that he was protective and potentially jealous. And that she seemed a little uncomfortable when he finished her sentences.

We hit it off as couples and made a date to get together a few weeks later. Lisa was an interior designer for a home builder, Sam was a real estate investor. The 4 of us played tennis and had a lovely dinner, Betsy and I were happy to make new friends. Sam could have thumped us all in tennis, but he was kind, hitting right back to us instead of knocking us over with his shots and I told him how much I appreciated his kindness. He smiled a humble and boyish smile and suddenly I was smitten, I wondered what it would be like to be with him, would he be just as kind in bed? (Whoa, where did that come from?) 

We didn't just end up in bed, it wasn't that easy, in real life it never is. They had kids and other friends and we had lives too and for the next few months we saw Sam and Lisa for tennis or dinner every so often, I felt like I was improving my game and I certainly enjoyed watching all 3 of these beautiful people move on the tennis court. For the first time in years there was laughter in my life again. 

One night, when Betsy was out of the country on business I met Sam and Lisa for tennis and wine. I regaled them with the details of our recent vacation in Jamaica where we played tennis every morning and smoked Ganja every afternoon. Lisa laughed especially hard when I confessed to our little secret, our superpower is that Betsy and I get extremely horny when we smoked. We learned that together in Jamaica and we had a very busy vacation! 

After much coaxing I told her about our beach front veranda and how I drove Betsy crazy with my fingers while people strolled by on the beach just below our second floor porch. "You're blushing," she said and... I was. Lisa was, well, sexy. She looked like a model, long blonde hair, big blue eyes and luscious lips, but I was able to put a block on that: I had a girlfriend and I was satisfied, so I could treat her more like a little sister than as the sex kitten I might have seen her as in my younger life. She liked that and I found myself confessing things to her that I would never confess to anyone else. 

I genuinely enjoyed her company.

Sam, on the other hand was another story. Meeting him had somehow brought my secret side back to life within me, in the privacy of my own home I'd imagine what I'd do for him, what I'd let him do to me. I wanted his cock in my mouth, I wanted to have him be my lover, to fuck me like he fucked his wife. I'd lay in my bed and cum all over my chest while moaning his name, and licking my own cum wishing it was his. I was, shall we say, open to new possibilities. Little did I know, they were too!

"We have some ganja," Lisa said, and I said, "well you know what it does to me." Sam laughed and said, "We'll take our chances." We drove back to their house, their kids at Sam's mothers for the weekend and we sat on the screen porch and watched it rain, we passed the joint. 

"You know, my roommate in college got me high and then she seduced me," Lisa laughed, "although I didn't need a lot of convincing." My jaw dropped, "Oh look, you are blushing again!" 

"She was great, I learned a lot about myself, and about intimacy with her."

"Do you miss her?" 

"No, I have Sam, he takes care of me, but I try to tell him that he is missing something in his life, he says he's never dabbled with a man."

"NO, no I haven't." Well, this was my chance, I took a deep breath, maybe it was the pot and I confessed: "Well, I have." 

It was Sam's turn to drop his jaw and blush. He was speechless, but not quiet little Lisa. "Details, details! Nothing gets Sam hotter than my stories, let's hear about yours!"

"Oh, I don't know if I want to give details," I demurred, suddenly bashful.

Lisa looked at me and smiled, "I think it is so hot that you've played with men. I think you are very distinguished and sexy as hell, and the thought of you, well, sucking a cock... Wait did you?"

"Well, yes, I have. I find that with a woman I am very masculine and strong but with a man I like to be a little more passive..."

"You are blushing again, you are so cute! I would have never guessed that you go both ways!"

"Well no one would, I keep it pretty quiet. I hope I can trust you guys with my deepest, darkest secret."

I looked over at Sam and he nodded and smiled, "You are safe man, I'll never breath a word." "Me either," said Lisa, "but let me ask you why did you, or should I say Do you play with men?"

"Well, I love, love, love women, but I've always found that there is a little part of me that would like to know what it feels like to not just be with a woman but to BE the woman, at least sexually. I'm very oral, I like to lick and suck skin, on either sex and at one point I let a man seduce me and take my virginity. It was quite a learning experience to have a man inside of me, and I think it made me a better lover with my wife."

"Wait, you did this while you were married?"

"Yes, I'm not proud of this, but I used to get hungry for something I couldn't get at home, so to speak, a couple of times a year. I'd usually wait until I was out of town and then I'd go to a gay sauna or look at personals. It was always in a place where I wasn't likely to get found out and I found that once I scratched the itch that I was good for a while. The anonymous aspect of it was draining, I would have preferred to have had a lover in the same situation in life but I never felt like I could take that chance."

"Did you ever get caught, did she suspect?"

"No, although before she got real sick I think we ere starting to get to the point where she was beginning to get the idea. She used to get on my ass and rub herself on me as if she were fucking me and get off by the friction. I felt like she would sometimes get a little more aggressive but that was a stretch for her. I'll never know if we would have gotten to the point where I could be that open. Otherwise, you know, I never cheated, never looked at another woman. I just felt like this was something I could control as long as I gave in to this temptation once or twice a year."

"Well I've offered to ride Sam with a strapon but he isn't into it."

"Fuck no, I mean no offense, but I just don't think that would be all that enjoyable. In fact, it sounds horrible... Is it?"

"It was something that took me a longtime to try and the man I found was understanding and patient and it turned into quite a beautiful night. I haven't done it a lot, but I wouldn't rule out doing it again. It was quite exciting to switch roles for a night."

"You don't seem like you are very feminine, how do you play the female?" Sam asked, with a bit of a smirk.

"I don't. It's 2 men together, not one of us pretending to be a woman. I do tend to be more of a bottom, but there are moments when my natural power and aggression come out. That's kind of what is so cool about it, you and the guy can alternate roles. In the same evening you can be getting pounded by a man or you can do the pounding."

Lisa let out an audible gasp, "That is so hot to even imagine. You know, you say no one knows, but the other night Sam and I were playing together and I brought up your name as a fantasy. So I figured something out! That's kind of why I worked it into the conversation after you confessed about Jamaica."

"Well I'm pretty surprised and I'm honored, I think you are a beautiful couple and its quite a compliment to be in your fantasy!"

It was time to pass the joint again and it got quiet, then Lisa smiled a very coy smile and said, "Is the ganja working?" I exploded in half a laugh, half a smoke filled cough and said, "Definitely!" 

"So do you find Sam attractive?"

"You know, I hope this doesn't affect our friendship, but I haven't thought about the bi side of me for a long time, and I have to confess, I have been fantasizing a little myself."

"Would you like to give Sam a new experience? I'd love to watch?"

I looked at Sam who was drawing hard on the joint and smiled, "What do you think about this buddy?"

"Well, I have wondered what it might feel like," he said shyly. 

Lisa slowly stood up and walked over to Sam on the couch and bent down to give him a kiss. Then she stood up, took off her sundress and showed us both her breasts, her golden hair going all the way down to her big nipples. "I want you to enjoy this Sam, and I'll be right here watching. You know you want this baby, you came really hard when I had you in my mouth the other night after telling you to imagine Rick was doing it to you."

Sam kissed his wife and rubbed her breasts the way a husband rubs his wife's tits, casually, as if he has done it a million times but still likes it like it was the first time, I thought they were beautiful together and found myself getting very hard. I had the joint now and took a deep drag and leaned over Lisa to Sam, he knew what I had planned and our lips met, I blew the smoke into his mouth, we shared the moment. 

"I'd like to please you tonight," I whispered to him and Sam smiled and said, "I think I'd like that."

I was pretty stoned, but I was also slightly freaking the fuck out. First off, I never thought of Lisa as such a sensuous and sexually liberated woman, I never saw that coming, I thought she was rather proper. I never saw it coming that she somehow picked up my Bi vibe, and frankly, that was both frightening and somehow liberating. She figured out the real me! Would she tell anyone about the real me? Then there was Sam, an athlete, a husband, a Dad and he was willing to have sex with me! Not only with me, but in front of his wife!

I fell backwards against the back of the couch, trying to process all this. It was a lot to consider. It was Sam who seemed to read my mind this time.

"Listen man," he almost whispered, "I'm not doing this just for Lisa, I've been thinking about this for a long, long time. We did suspect you have a little crush on me and we are okay with it, I'd like to be with you. Lisa can stay or she can go in the other room, no matter what, whatever happens stays between us." 

He looked so beautiful, and not because he had a topless blonde sitting on his lap. He was lean, muscular, handsome and kind. And I smiled,

"Well, maybe we could play a little, I'd be lying if I said I hadn't been thinking about your cock."

Lisa stood up and leaned over me, giving me a kiss on the lips, softly, like she was giving me permission, "You two go in the bedroom, but leave the door open, I might peek in a little." She pulled me up of the couch and then helped Sam up and gave him a deeper kiss. She pulled his tee shirt off and pressed her bare breasts against him and I heard her whisper, "You've wanted to experience this for a long time, please enjoy it, I want you to." 

"Go, she said to me, "please would you sleep with my husband?"

Sam took my by the hand and led me to the bedroom, if he was nervous he didn't show it, I let him take the lead. We stood by their bed and he helped me undress, probably the way he had undressed his bride countless times. I felt so special as he moaned softly when my shirt came off and when he pulled of my shorts his hands went right to my ass. 

I'm not going to lie, my ass is tight, even if I am an older guy. All the cycling and tennis and keto have given me a firm butt and as his hand massaged it I could feel goosebumps, I wanted to be his. He could do anything he wanted to me tonight. My naked hard on bumped against his briefs, God this felt amazing! He looked down at me and I turned up to kiss him, my ass in his strong muscular hands, my nipples rubbing against his strong chest. His tongue invaded my mouth, his stubble against my face, I was definitely not with a woman. 

Unlike Sam, my hands were free so I reached down and began to stroke his cock through his briefs, my God, this was going to be fun. I don't want to say he had a horsecock, but, okay, he kind of had a horsecock. My mouth began to water, my transformation was complete. I was high, I was aroused and I was now completely submissive, I was his and I was happy about it. No I was ecstatic!

"I want you," Sam whispered and I said,

"I'm yours baby."

I don't quite know how to express the fulfillment I felt at that moment. Here I was a man giving in to my inner needs, my desires, my secrets. My favorite part of being with a man is this moment, this surrender to my gay side, the excitement combined with the surrender. This is the moment I draw on when I need a little extra image to get myself to cum when I am playing alone or sometimes even with a female lover, this moment of blissful surrender. It's what I'm looking for. I'm doing what I was born to do with a man who very much wants me to do it. No head games, no politics, no ulterior motives. Just mutual pleasure and I planned to give Sam plenty of pleasure and if Lisa was happy in the process too, even better! But mostly, at this moment, I wanted him in my mouth. 

I playfully pushed Sam back onto the bed, catching him by surprise and then dropped next to him, my head hovering over his lap, I squirmed out of his underwear. His big cock is not completely hard yet, but I have his attention. I touch him with nothing but my tongue at first, it jumps. Then I lick his sack, sucking gently on it while he reaches up, instinctively to stroke himself. I pull his hand away, no Sam, this is my job. Relax.

I stroke him to hardness, is cock is thick, straight and beautiful. His ass comes off the bed, I take the opportunity to grab his ass and lick down to his taint. He moans and so does Lisa, I can hear her playing with her wet pussy. 

His ass moves towards my fingers, he wants me to keep going so I shift a little and move up to suck his big cock now. First I suck just the tip, around his sensitive head, alternately lick and sucking it while gently playing with his sweet ass. He is in heaven and so am I. I'm not even hard anymore, this is about Sam and his pleasure, I'm excited to be pleasing this man. 

I go down on him, it takes me a while to get him deep into my throat, I gag a little, my eyes water but I want this. He is bucking now, fucking my throat and pushing down on my head. He's fucking my mouth. 

I can tell he's close and the next time his ass goes up I slide my middle finger up inside him and that's all it takes, he explodes in my mouth with a scream. I have to back off, his cum almost drowning me, and I take a load on my face looking over at Lisa and smiling after a big swallow, she is staring wide eyed and almost delirious with her own passion. Not wanting to surrender, I keep working her husband's muscular ass and drop back down on his rod, sucking all the cum he has left... and its a lot. Lisa explodes herself now, her fingers sloshing around as she screams, "Go for it Sam, fill him up baby!"

I stopped sucking Sam's cock, somewhat reluctantly, but he was done with me now and I felt pretty damn proud of myself, I'd done it, I'd made this beautiful man cum for me and his wife, as a bonus, too.

Sam held me against his flat stomach, stroking my hair. "Do you want me to do you now?"

"No, not right now. This has been enough for all of us to process for one night. You got to be with a man, let's wait and see if you want to try the other side next time, if you decide there is a next time."

He looked almost relieved yet still happy. Lisa came and lay next to her husband and told him, "I told you it would be hot, you two looked soooo sexy baby." But Sam was done, he turned his head into her shoulder, with a smile he pretty much passed out. "Such a man, said Lisa with a smile. 

In a few minutes I went home happy and satisfied, I'd been able to fulfill my own needs while helping this beautiful couple with theirs and I only hoped I hadn't lost friends when the morning came.