 Dylan had only one thing in mind, and that was to push him and his team to an official victory. Even if the wild applause from the spectators became a bit of a distraction, the eighteen-year-old athlete became so focused in achieving his goal that he even overlooked his girlfriend's optimistic ovation from her seat. Thirty minutes remained in the game, and Dylan felt determined to add another achievement into his ever-growing stats. He just had one setback to get rid of.

Anthony, the Korean-American star player for the visiting team, had plenty of evidence for showing off his physical talents. The eighteen-year-old senior stole the ball with perfect timing, made several three-pointers even with up to three opponents surrounding him, and passed the ball behind Dylan's back without warning when cornered, which resulted in Dylan experiencing brief confusion before disposing of his investigation. He had played against Anthony several times before, and he already acknowledged what he was capable of.

When a timeout had commenced, Dylan tried to keep his composure. As Anthony had become the star player for the visiting team, Dylan held the same amount of high regard from his own school. Dylan's hard-fought eminence wouldn't have been on the line had it not been for Anthony spoiling his fun by trying to embarrass him in front of everyone. With a brief discussion with his coach, Dylan remained unfazed by Anthony's current performance. His coach reminded him of some cunning maneuvers which could very well become a challenge for Anthony and his team, the Summerdale Jaguars.

With fifteen minutes left on the clock, Dylan and the rest of the Kenwood Firebirds prepared to take back their lead. They were now down by six points, and all they needed to do was demonstrate their own brand of crafty offense. It seemed to have worked for the next few minutes. Dylan faked out Anthony's defense by passing the ball between Anthony's open legs before it had been snatched up by another Firebird. The other players used their hidden talents to their advantages by either stealing the ball in a swift but proper manner or flying past the Jaguars to make their own three-pointers.

With sixty seconds left on the clock, both teams were tied. The spectators stood up and cheered as they anticipated their victory against the Jaguars. The coach had a few words for his team. But while the players listened to his every word, one of them looked away for a few moments. Dylan spotted Anthony hearing a few words from his own coach. The Korean star player gave him a sidelong glance before forming a little smile on his face. Dylan could have felt a little more suspicious than usual, but the smile didn't give off any hints of a conceited demeanor. It appeared more intimate than devious. Dylan looked back at his coach. He felt certain that Anthony tried to pull a few more tricks of his own, and he didn't want to give in.

As soon as the two coaches finished their pep talk, the players returned on the court. The referee blew his whistle and threw the ball to Dylan. The wild applause from the spectators echoed all across the entire building. Dylan took a deep breath as he dribbled the ball and ran across the court. All of a sudden, Anthony came up from behind him and pushed the ball right out of his metrical formation and seized it. The Jaguar ran the other direction while the Firebirds dashed toward him. The spectators held their breath with each second passing by.

Anthony reached the other side of the court and was about to perform a slam dunk until he spotted two Firebirds about to intervene. With meticulous planning in such a short time, he passed the ball behind him where one of his teammates anticipated yet another pass. The one who grabbed the ball moved backwards to make a three-pointer. Dylan's heartbeat picked up speed. He had to make a quick decision. He nodded to his teammate, who hurried toward the Jaguar with the ball. The Jaguar moved to his left to avoid the Firebird's interference, but at that exact moment, Dylan came from behind and stole the ball from the Jaguar. Three seconds remained on the clock. Dylan stopped halfway on the court and threw the ball up in the air, hoping it would reach the hoop in time. The buzzer boomed all across the building. The ball bumped against the rim before it plummeted down the basket. The spectators jumped up from their seats and gave a loud cheer, their vocal inclinations at their highest volume for the night.

Dylan and the rest of the Firebirds celebrated their win while their coach personally congratulated every single one of them. He placed his hand on Dylan's shoulder and complimented him on his ability to end the game on a high note. Dylan nodded before the coach walked away. The young athlete turned his head to see the visiting team leaving the building in a solemn manner. One of them didn't look so overcome with sorrow. Anthony gave him a brief glance and gave him the same small smile as before. Its friendly appearance didn't change at all. When the opponents left the building, Dylan looked away. He had never met Anthony before. This silent interaction between the two didn't seem to spout common sense, especially since the two teams were supposed to be a part of a lifelong rivalry. Dylan just shook it off since it most likely meant mutual respect and nothing more. His girlfriend ran up from the bleachers and hugged him. Her enthusiastic attitude helped him forget what could have been a deceptive tactic from the Jaguars' star player.

* * * 

One week after the game, Dylan had already selected the image of Anthony's facial expression as a proper afterthought. He spent the late Friday afternoon alone in Kenwood High School, practicing in the same basketball court. Since he had very few homework assignments to finish on the weekend, he decided to keep his momentum impervious to any pessimistic disposition that disrupted his routine. He wore a black sleeveless shirt and dark blue shorts for his time of leisure. Dribbling the ball and making three-pointers became his primary focus for the next ten minutes. He kept a clear mind for it. It took him several months to train himself to keep his attentiveness intact. Now, he constructed his confidence with a stable foundation unaffected by outside forces. 

He made another three-pointer and was about to make one more, but a distant noise from behind kept him from performing his next move. He turned around to see someone at the other end of the court clapping his hands. Dylan could see who had just entered the building. Anthony had the image of a pro even with his street clothes on.

The Korean star player, who wore a black t-shirt and a pair of blue jeans, stopped clapping and cried out, "You're good! Keep it up!"

Dylan picked up his basketball but didn't throw it anywhere. "So is that some kind of sarcastic remark or what?"

Anthony stepped closer. "I'm just trying to boost your morale. That's all."

Dylan eyed him from top to bottom. The Firebird couldn't deny that his sole opponent held a charismatic exterior which would make girls his age swoon without even trying. Dylan himself had the look of succulent eye candy because of his brown hair and healthy body. It may have been luck, but they rightfully deserved their steady reputations.

Dylan asked, "What brings you here? You know you shouldn't walk on enemy territory when you're famous like me."

Anthony chuckled. "Just because I live in Lancaster doesn't mean I should stay in Lancaster. I'm just here to congratulate you on last week's game. You really had me a little flabbergasted for a few days."

Dylan nodded. "Thanks, but is that the only reason why you're here?"

Anthony brushed away a few strands of his black hair away from his face. "You'll have to excuse me. I think I've made a dumb decision on my part."

Dylan remained suspicious as he kept calm and carefully selected words from his current vernacular. "Please tell me you're going to quit basketball and become a politician."

Anthony laughed. "I'm not THAT dumb."

"You better tell me why you're here or else I'll have to MAIL you back to Lancaster."

"You're well-adjusted for self-defense. I like that about you. In fact, I like everything about you."

"Oh, you do?"

Anthony eyed him from top to bottom as he kept his composure. Without his athletic apparel on, he seemed to have captured a slick personality quite well.

He started to circle around Dylan and remarked, "I've seen you play every time we're paired against each other. You've got some major skills there, my friend."

"Thanks, I owe it all to myself."

"I have to say that I really admire you. With the way you play, it makes me want to envy you. But I was already jealous at the very beginning."

Dylan held his breath for a moment. "Why should you feel that way? You're as smart and tough as I am."

"I know, but I think you have the upper hand sometimes."

Anthony stepped even closer. "When I'm in here trying to beat you to it, it makes me admire you whenever you win. Sometimes, I like you so much that I'd do things a bit differently."

"Be a little more specific."

Anthony was now just inches away from Dylan's face. "Sometimes...I wish I could congratulate you for defeating me by giving you what you want."

Dylan slowly raised his eyebrows. "You're sounding like a fuckin' concubine or something."

Anthony chuckled. "That sounds quite tempting, actually."

Dylan, who was two inches taller, took one step back. "Stop playing tricks on me and just get to the point."

"If you insist."

Anthony didn't look like he hesitated as he leaned his head forward and gave Dylan a kiss.

Dylan could only stand still, stunned by this rapid turn of events. "Why the hell did you do that?"

Anthony licked his lips. "Because I wanted to."

He looked down at Dylan's shorts and whispered, "Is it big down there?"

Dylan tried to remain calm. "I hope you don't mean what I think you mean."

Anthony slid his fingers across the little bump located above Dylan's thighs.

The Korean athlete whispered, "I want to give you a little present...something that I've daydreamed about for a long time."

"And what would that be?"

"Have a seat in the bleachers."

Dylan looked around to see if anyone else had appeared in the building. Luckily, only the two of them remained inside.

"I don't think we should do this."

"Nobody's going to find out."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Because it won't take very long. Come on and have a seat."

Anthony gave him a light push, signaling him to move away from the court. Dylan sat down at the bottom of the bleachers. His mind couldn't decipher this particular scenario. Potential enmity between two high school athletes was increasingly lacking. Anthony may have demonstrated fierce competition in the past, but this time, he didn't even sound stern at all. His calm and flirtatious tone of voice came right out of nowhere.

"Oh, don't feel so paranoid. I promise I won't bite you."

Anthony unzipped Dylan's shorts before bringing it and the boxers down to his knees. "You're not nervous now, are you?"

Dylan took a deep breath. "As long as my girlfriend doesn't storm in and catch us."

"Oh, so you have a girlfriend? Well, that makes this a lot more interesting."

Anthony gazed at the peach-colored cock still stuck in its shrunken size. "Watch as I let it grow for you."

He seized it with his hand and slid his fingers up and down in a slow and steady manner.

Dylan could feel his dormant member waking from its temporary slumber. It grew larger and stood erect.

Anthony's flirtatious gaze became a rare sight to see. "It's hard, just the way I like it."

"What are you gonna do?"

"Watch me."

Anthony kissed the cock with tender lips. This unfamiliar feeling made Dylan tremble. He could have stopped Anthony from delving into radical expressions, but he didn't even move a muscle. He just let the simple possibility wander in the back of his mind. Anthony licked the cock all around. Moaning, Dylan waited for more of the stimulation that came along with it.

"Do you have experience for this sort of thing?"

Anthony's lascivious eyes remained the same. "You might say that I've had a little practice."

He opened his mouth and crammed the cock inside it. He moved his head up and down for a more effective cause of Dylan's growing stimulation.

"Anthony...it feels...so good."

With the two eighteen-year-old men alone in the building, it didn't take long for them to endure a drastic reaction during Anthony's submissive state. When picking up speed, he twirled his tongue all around the solid surface. Dylan took quicker breaths. He just watched as his supposed adversary let himself loose. His faster rhythm made the cock warm. The high temperature, coupled with the added moisture inside Anthony's mouth, was essential for this particular occasion.

"Oh...shit."

Dylan should have stood firm against Anthony's offer, but he didn't. Despite the initial shock from such an unexpected course of action, it didn't bother him when he let it happen right in front of him. He didn't see it as an inconvenience that emerged from out of nowhere. Rather, he viewed it as equal opportunity for both athletes. There were times in which he remembered his unshakeable relationship with his girlfriend. It didn't seem to remind him of infidelity because Anthony had just proved to him that even his own mouth had wonderful qualities. A deep sensation from within his hips and thighs was brought to life.

"Shit...it's coming!"

He gasped. He released his valued bodily fluids, every ounce kept in check with every spurt. None of it came out of Anthony's mouth. Dylan could feel him using his tongue to lick and collect every bit of human liquid stored inside him. Anthony finally pulled the cock from out of his mouth. And from the looks of it, he had just swallowed everything that entered his eager oral cavity.

Dylan blurted, "Holy shit! Why did you do that, man?"

Anthony wiped his lips with the back of his hand. "I just wanted to see how you tasted like. And from what you've given me...I'd say that you're pretty delicious."

"Are you crazy or something?!"

"I'm not crazy. I'm just a little pleased."

Dylan couldn't say anything else. He watched Anthony walk away, but not before forming a smile on his face and saying, "I'm glad I've met you in person. I hope to see you again next week."

The Jaguar left the building in a matter of seconds. Dylan just sat silently in the bleachers. His mind felt vacant for a few moments before he knocked himself back to his senses. Gasping, he pulled his shorts back up and ran after Anthony.

Once he was outside of the building, he looked around in all directions. The football field and the main hallways appeared empty and almost desolate. Anthony was nowhere to be found. The school campus could have qualified as an uninhabited area since Dylan was the only person located in the area. The young man slid his fingers across his short brown hair. He still couldn't convince himself that whatever happened in the building should have been described as a true event.

The late afternoon sun would soon relocate to the opposite side of the world. As it descended toward the western horizon, its brilliant rays of light began to fade. The city of Palmdale, as well as everywhere else in Antelope Valley, initiated the transition from light to dark. The clear sky changed color from sky blue to a natural mixture of orange, pink, and dark blue. The stretched shadows of the nearby San Gabriel Mountains, which separated Palmdale from the city of Los Angeles, spread across the lowest points of Antelope Valley. Dylan looked around to see everything growing darker. He decided to go home when feeling slightly bothered that Kenwood High School felt as empty as a desert island.

He grabbed his backpack and was now on his way to the parking lot. From underneath his shorts, he could feel his genitals still drenched in bits and pieces of Anthony's saliva. The excessive moisture from down below made him let out a deep sigh. He didn't know why, but his conventional philosophies took a backseat for a brief moment when he whispered to himself that he wanted more from Anthony and his unashamed submission.

* * * 

Another night, another game.

Just a few more minutes, and the Firebirds and Jaguars would make their way on the basketball court for their third matchup of the year. Dylan's girlfriend met him right outside the building to give him a kiss and wish him luck. Before she could leave and join the others in the bleachers, she and Dylan spotted the Korean Jaguar in his athletic apparel emerging from the distant darkness and taking a calm and patient stroll toward the court. His little smile spoke of attractive insinuations, at least to Dylan.

The two players stared at each other in silence. Dylan was aware of why their lack of verbal communication did little to influence the mutual understanding they had gained from last week.

When he approached him, Anthony raised his hand. "Go on and break a leg. This is going to be one hell of a game."

Dylan grabbed his hand and shook it. "Let's see who wins this one. I'll bet it'll be us, the almighty Firebirds."

Anthony's smile grew bigger. "I sure like your enthusiasm...even if I know that we, the Jaguars, will emerge as the true victors."

"Prove it."

Anthony slowly nodded as he left for the locker room.

Dylan's girlfriend asked him if he hated Anthony's guts, to which Dylan replied that while he didn't hate him, he still viewed him as fierce competition and he felt determined to dim his spotlight once again.

His girlfriend laughed and said, "Go and kick their asses!"

* * * 

When the first period began, the spectators watched as the Firebirds and Jaguars battled it out on the court. The school principal had also joined the crowd when seated at the bottom of the bleachers and watched in conscientious silence. The Firebirds depended on their undying perseverance to beat the Jaguars once again. Seeing as how the two teams seldom wanted the idea of breaking a lifelong school tradition of despising each other, everyone had an opportunity to spoil their opponent's good intentions yet again.

Both teams battled against each other in more ways than one. Sly tactics ranged from stealing the ball as quick as possible to passing the ball to another player beside the one right in front of him. A majority of them worked to the player's advantage, while other times their opponents saw through their invisible objectives and denied access to humiliation.

By the second half of the game, the Firebirds had to make nine points to tie up with the Jaguars. After a brief talk with the coach, the players returned on the court. Dylan could see Anthony taking a break on the bench. The Korean athlete's half-smile reminded him of their personal encounter, and it looked like his rival wanted a little more than just oral communication. Dylan quickly looked away to focus on his performance on the court.

Several minutes later, after a few unfortunate technical fouls, the Jaguar coach demanded that Anthony return on the court. Now the two star players had to confront each other yet again. With the thunderous applause from the spectators ringing in their ears, Dylan had to concentrate as much as he did throughout the game. He knew that the Jaguars still had certain tricks hidden in their intuitive brains. He and his teammates would have to stay cautious in order to prepare themselves for the unexpected.

The referee blew his whistle, and now the Firebirds had the ball. With only twenty seconds to make a basket, they had to run all the way to the other side of the court. One of the Firebirds kept dribbling the ball, but a Jaguar ran from behind and stole it to pass it on to Anthony. Dylan kept his eyes on him.
