 The silence in the small pickup was overwhelming. Mitch wasn't sure what to say or do to help Darrin this time. They had spent the last few days discussing Darrin's options and had arrived at a sketchy plan. Mitch knew if Darrin's mother hadn't begged him to come, they wouldn't be on this trip now. Darrin had long ago written off his religiously homophobic father and felt his mother bore some of the blame as well. 

Mitch watched out the window as the landscape scrolled past. He actually loved west Texas, from the first time he had experienced it he'd felt a freedom in the open space that he didn't feel in the heavily forested eastern part of the state where he had grown up. As he watched out his window Mitch replayed their decision for him to come with Darrin. He had offered to stay at home if it would make it easier. He couldn't imagine that Darrin bringing his boyfriend was going to lessen the tension. But Darrin had been adamant that he needed Mitch by his side. One decision that Mitch did agree with wholeheartedly was the choice to not attend the funeral. Darrin had thought it was just hypocritical to attend the funeral of a person who had . . . well there was no positive thing to be accomplished by attending. 

Even though they were arriving a few days after the funeral, Mitch was certain this trip would be filled with drama. Truthfully, he was concerned about their relationship. He knew Darrin had a lot of baggage regarding his family. Mitch wasn't sure how this return to his childhood home was going to play out after years of being ostracized. The combination of factors had created a tense trip, even though the two of them hadn't had any problems over it, so far. With a silent sigh Mitch decided to try and get some idea of what he was facing.

"So your Mom knows you're coming. Who else?" asked Mitch.

Darrin glanced over, considering his answer too long before answering. "Yes, she knows. And I would imagine my sister knows too. I don't know of anyone else, but I wouldn't be surprised if she didn't activated a prayer chain."

Mitch glanced at him and said, "Prayer chain? You mean having the church pray for you, like when someone is really sick."

"Yeah, exactly."

"Why? Neither of us is sick."

Darrin laughed out a humorless chuckle. "They are trying to get God to cure me, of the evil of homosexuality."

"Oh," Mitch slumped against the seat. "This is going to be a miserable trip isn't it."

Darrin looked over at him and tried to smile, "Maybe it won't be as bad as we think."

"Maybe," said Mitch as he contemplated the situation. Trying to find some bright spot in this he spoke again, "What about your sister? What's she like?"

"I think she contributes to that church in Wichita that protests against fags at the military funerals. Does that give you any idea?"

"Shit."

"Exactly."

<><><><><>

The closer they came, the more Mitch questioned this trip. On the outskirts of town, they turned onto a well-traveled dirt road. After several miles they pulled into the driveway of a two-story white house that looked like it was straight out of a Grant Wood painting. They sat in the pickup for several minutes, steeling themselves against whatever was going to come. Finally Darrin spoke,

"Ok, we can do this. Mother asked us to come. Surely it wouldn't be to an ambush."

"She invited 'us'?" asked Mitch.

Darrin let out a deep breath. "No, she didn't invite us, she invited me." He turned to look at Mitch, "This could be a hellish week for me. Thank you for coming."

Mitch smiled and patted Darrin's leg, "It's ok, babe. I'm here for you."

When Mitch looked back to the house there was a woman standing on the porch. With her arms crossed and intent stare, she didn't seem like the welcome wagon to Mitch. As he was trying to decide what to do he heard the driver's door open.

"That's my Mom. Wait here a sec," said Darrin.

Mitch nodded and then watched as Darrin walked to the woman and began talking to her. Neither of them offered to embrace the other, and Mitch felt more and more uncomfortable as the seconds ticked by. His tension peaked when Darrin motioned him to the porch. Leaving the shelter of the pickup, Mitch walked over and stood beside Darrin.

Darrin turned and looked at his mother again. "Mother, this is Mitch. He and I share an office at school."

Mitch turned slightly so he could see Darrin's face. He quietly seethed as he contemplated Darrin explaining him as only an officemate. His feelings were in turmoil, his worse nightmare for this trip seemingly had just materialized. He considered leaving, not certain he was willing to stay, when Darrin laid his hand on Mitch's shoulder.

"Mitch is also my partner," said Darrin.

His mother looked at each of them and then said, "Business partner?"

"No, Mother. He's my husband."

Mitch's jaw dropped. This wasn't really something they had talked about. Mitch was a little pissed off that Darrin had presented their relationship that way, but part of him was also delighted. Husband certainly sounded more official and long term than boyfriend, and undoubtedly clearer than partner. Mitch realized that no one had spoken and he could almost see the word 'husband' hanging in the air. Darrin's mother finally nodded her head and turned to go back inside,

"Well come on inside. It's too cold to stand around talking out here," she said.

They filed into the house and Mitch looked around the room. It couldn't be more different from the house he grew up in. It was spotless, nothing was out of order, and no dust would dare rear its head in this room. It wasn't a room for casual relaxation, but it was the one they were ushered into. Without a word, she had left the room through a side door, only to reappear in a few seconds with a tray of ice tea. After the drinks were distributed she sat down, finally looking directly at both of them. Her next question surprised Mitch.

"Do you love each other?" she asked.

Without hesitation both answered, "Yes."

Darrin's mother visibly shuddered with their answer, burying her face into her hands. Darrin and Mitch glanced at each other. Neither of them was sure what was happening. They waited in silence. Eventually she raised her head and looked at them.

"I don't understand. I'm trying Darrin, but I still don't understand. Your sister gave me some information from PFLAG, and that helped. But this is a big step for me," she visibly braced herself and looked into Darrin's eyes, "But I know your father was wrong. You are not a mistake or an aberration."

"Ok, Mom . . ."

"Your father could be a cruel man, and absolutely inflexible."

Darrin nodded, his face unreadable.

"But he's gone. I still have time to try and fix some of my mistakes. My biggest regret is that I allowed him to keep you away from me for all these years." This time when she looked at Darrin there were tears in her eyes. "Do you think you can ever forgive me?"

Darrin looked at her, seemingly unsure of his answer. Mitch could almost see him catalog his life as he contemplated a response. But a look of determination settled on his face and Darrin answered.

"I don't know. Right now I'm not sure I can forgive you," he let out a huge breath, "But I'm willing to try. That's all I can promise."

She nodded and crossed the distance and enveloped him in a hug. Mitch could hear her soft voice as she said, "Thank you."

About that time a young woman emerged from the kitchen carrying a plate of sweets. She watched for a minute before putting her hand on the older woman's shoulder.

"Come on Mom and sit down. Darrin isn't leaving right away."

She skillfully herded her mother to her vacated chair before setting the snacks on the coffee table. Turning she looked at Darrin,

"Hi, big brother."

"Dana. How are you doing?"

"It's been not good around here," she glanced back at their mother, "But I guess it hasn't been good around here for a long time."

Darrin nodded, "No, no it hasn't. But Mom said you gave her some information from PFLAG?"

"Yes, I thought it might help."

"Thank you," said Darrin. He then remembered Mitch and motioned him over. "This is my partner, Mitch."

Dana held out a hand, which Mitch took. Their eyes met as they shook hands with Dana trying to smile at him. Mitch couldn't help but suddenly be thankful for his parents. The next time he talked with them, he was going to tell them so too.

The four of them tried to have a casual conversation. Although stilted and fragmented, they made it through the typical pleasantries. After a long silence, Darrin's mother looked at Mitch,

"How did you two meet? At some kind of club for you people?"

Mitch choked on his tea, almost spraying it across the room. He so badly wanted to say that yes, he had met her son at a gay leather bar and it was his hairy butt in assless chaps that really turned him on. But as tempting as it was he really didn't want to make this harder for Darrin. So he plastered a smile on his face and answered her questions truthfully.

"No, Mrs. Anderson. Darrin and I share an office at the university, that's how we met."

"Oh please. Diana will be fine. You don't need to call me Mrs. Anderson, although it sounds like you might be calling me Mom at some point soon," she said. Mitch looked at her as she said it. He thought that while she was saying the right words, her body language didn't agree. Mitch took another sip of his drink, thought it would be a long time, with many changes, before he called this woman Mom.

Darrin and his family chatted for several minutes, the conversation feeling very tense and stilted. Darrin let out a sigh and looked at his mother.

"Why did you want me here? I know you think that I'm somehow a horrible person. So why did you insist on my being here?" asked Darrin.

His mother paused for several minutes before replying. She eventually waved her hand in the direction of the pile of pamphlets that Mitch had noticed. "I asked Dana to look for why you are the way you are. I am trying to understand, I am. But I was raised that – being – with someone of the same sex was abhorrent and a choice. But those people, they call themselves 'Parents, Families, and Friends of Lesbians and Gays', you know, the PFLAG people," she looked at Darrin and he nodded for her to continue. "Anyway, they said it wasn't a choice, that it was how you were born."

She looked at Darrin with a tight look around her lips. "I thought it was my fault, that I had babied you too much when you were little. Your father had me convinced that you had chosen to be evil."

Darrin sighed, remembering his own struggles to accept himself, in spite of the church hate speech that he'd been raised in and realized that his mother needed some time too.

"Mother, how could me being gay be evil?" Darrin motioned to Mitch. "For that matter how could Mitch be evil? We love each other. We are both adults and know exactly how love feels. We aren't attracted to little boys. We don't recruit. We aren't trying to convert anyone. We just know we are attracted to each other.

Mitch is important to me. And I want to spend the rest of my life with him. No, we aren't perfect. No more than any other couple. But we are there for each other when things get tough," Darrin nodded at Mitch. "That's why Mitch is here, to support me. I told him he didn't have to come. But he did anyway, because he knew I needed him."

"Alright. Just give me some time, Darrin. I want you back in my life though. Please be patient with me."

"I know, Mom. I know."

"Umm," muttered Diana.

"Yes?" said Darren.

"Well, one of my friends said . . . well. That one of you is the woman."

Darrin's face flared bright red. His mouth opened and closed like an oxygen-deprived fish. He made several false starts as he tried to answer his mother's question. Then he heard Mitch clear his throat.

"Mrs. Anderson, would you ask your daughter what her favorite sex position was?" asked Mitch.

Darrin's mother became visibly flustered. "No, of course not! It's none of my business."

"Well our private life is just that too, private," said Mitch. 

Mitch's eye got that twinkle that Darrin had come to recognize and he knew something was coming. 

"But I will tell you. Neither of us is a woman," said Mitch with a smirk.

<><><><><>

Mitch walked into the hotel room and tossed his bag on the bed. He looked around the room, impressed with Darrin's choice. It was a large suite, with a huge whirlpool tub. He knew it was far more than Darrin could afford and wondered why he'd splurged. Seemingly reading Mitch's mind Darrin started to explain,

"The room isn't that expensive since it's during the week. I thought we would need somewhere to relax and that it would be worth the extra. Our normal Motel 6 bargain room wouldn't cut it this time."

Mitch nodded, "It's really nice, babe. I think you're right too. We are going to need some down time." He looked at Darrin with a shy smile. "What do you say we try out that tub right now?"

Darrin moved in front of Mitch and ran his hands under Mitch's shirt, lifting it over his head. The shirt was tossed to the floor and Darrin moved in, kissing Mitch softly on the lips.

"That sounds like an excellent idea," answered Darrin.

Tenderly they undressed each other. As the last article of clothing was dropped to the floor they lovingly embraced, their lips pressing together. Their torsos ground against each other as their hands explored each other's bodies. Soon their cocks were hard and sliding over each other. Coming up for breath they separated and Mitch pulled Darrin over to the tub. After adjusting the water temperature and jets, Mitch turned back and ran his hands over Darrin as it filled.

"You are so fuckin' sexy," said Mitch.

"God, I love you so much," said Darrin.

They touched and ran their hands over each other as they waited. Once the tub filled Mitch smiled and slid into the steaming water backwards. He floated to the surface, his hard cock protruding above the water. 

Darrin followed more carefully, but soon was reclining against Mitch. Wiggling backward until they were fitted together, he smiled as Mitch's hard pole wedged against his back. Mitch wrapped his arms around Darrin's chest and held him close while his hands traveled up and down Darrin's hairy chest. Releasing his hold he started rubbing Darrin's back and massaging the knots out of his shoulders and neck. Darrin moaned and dropped his head as Mitch hit a particularly tight muscle in his neck.

"Oh yeah. That feels so good. You found the spot," said Darrin.

Mitch worked his thumbs into the knot, feeling it gradually loosen up. As he worked on Darrin's neck, he considered the events of the day. 

"Babe."

"Yeah?"

"Your husband?" said Mitch.

Mitch felt Darrin's shoulders clench tighter than ever under his fingers. "Relax, I just was wondering. . . why, and why then?"

Mitch waited while Darrin considered the question. Several times it looked like he was going to speak, and then would slump down again and tighten up even more.

"Babe, just talk to me about it. I'll listen to what you have to say," said Mitch.

Darrin shrugged under his hands, "I'd say I don't know why it came out. But that wouldn't be the truth. I'm in love with you Mitch, and if we could marry . . . I'd ask you to marry me. I've been thinking about it a lot lately. I guess it came out today because I wanted to make damn sure my mother understood what I was saying. 'Partner' sounds so much like a business arrangement, and boyfriend sounds like something junior high kids do. 'Husband' pretty much narrows down the ways to interpret it."

Mitch considered what Darrin had said while he continued working on his shoulders. Eventually he started explaining what he was thinking, "I love you too, Darrin. A lot. I hadn't really thought about marriage, well because we can't. I was a little shocked when you used husband to describe me, and honestly, a little hurt that you'd use it with your mother before we'd talked about it."

Darrin turned and looked into Mitch's deep brown eyes. "I can understand that. I'm sorry I hurt you, I would never intentionally do that."

"Ok," said Mitch, "But let's not use 'husband' until we both agree on it. Ok?"

Mitch could detect a bit of hurt in Darrin's face as he digested the request. Eventually he nodded his head in agreement, "Alright, if that's what you want. I love you and I don't ever want to lose you."

During the conversation both of them had softened. But they relaxed again and Mitch started rubbing his hands over Darrin. His fingers slid over Darrin's chest and raked through his dense bush. As Darrin's member stiffened Mitch wrapped it with his fingers and started pumping it under the water. Darrin laid his head against Mitch and enjoyed the feeling of Mitch's chest hair against his back. As his body completely relaxed he felt Mitch's finger tease his cock slit and he let out a soft moan.

"Oh god yes. That feels so fuckin' good. I love your hot hands on me," said Darrin.

Mitch pinched one of Darrin's hard nipples and then rolled it between his fingers while he continued his sensual stroking. He teased Darrin, letting his hand slide low and tugged his distended nut sac, feeling the grade A balls inside. Darrin was soon writhing in Mitch's arms as he got closer to shooting. He gave Darrin a lust filled smile and then furiously worked on his nipples, one and then the other as he jerked his cock under the now tepid water. 

"Fuck! Oh shit! Ahhhh!" said Darrin.

With one final twist Darrin unloaded his nuts. Mitch watched as the white jets of cum shot into the water. Looking almost like miniature jellyfish, Mitch was fascinated with each shot that Darrin unloaded into the water. His eruptions slowed and then stopped, the last of his cum floating like a small cloud around his cockhead.

"Oh shit, that was amazing. I love you playing with my nuts," said Darrin.

Mitch almost growled as his hands roamed over his lover's torso. "One of us hasn't shot his load yet. Can you think of a way to fix that?"

Darrin smiled and stood up in the tub. He tossed Mitch the small bottle of conditioner from the edge of the bath and then braced himself against the wall, pushing his ass back toward Mitch.

"How about that, stud? Think that might help you out with your little problem?"

Mitch stood; jerking his dick as he dribbled conditioner down its length. He moved his slick hand to Darrin's butt and ran it down his crack until he hit Darrin's entrance. The end of his finger was quickly devoured as Darrin pushed back against him. Mitch pulled his finger out and dumped the remaining contents of the tiny bottle of conditioner down Darrin's crack. Moving closer he ran his cock down the slick trough, finding the opening and shoving his cock deep into Darrin's gut.

"Oh shit!" screamed Darrin.

Mitch smiled and gripped Darrin's hips tighter, plunging his rock hard dick deep and hard into his ass. Soon he felt Darrin matching his thrusts as their two bodies collided over and over again. Mitch pried Darrin's ass wider, pulling almost out and then popping his cock deep into Darrin's gut. He long-dicked his lover until Darrin was shaking from the sensation. Feeling his orgasm begin Mitch frantically pounded into Darrin's ass, taking him hard and fast. With a last hard thrust Mitch's body locked and began pouring cum deep into Darrin. His body twitched as he shot jet after jet deep into his man. As the sensations lessened he began slowly moving in and out again. The wet sounds of a cum filled ass crowded his senses. He felt juice drip over his nuts as he slowly fucked Darrin. As his cock softened he decided for one last act in this play. 

Pulling backward he let his softening cock fall out. Mitch looked at Darrin's well-used hole. Running his finger through the trail of white cream slowly running out of it he gently pushed back in a few times with his finger. Leaning down Mitch kissed Darrin between the shoulder blades. Grabbing a cloth he turned the water on and soon had them both clean. Once they toweled off Mitch snapped his wet towel at Darrin's ass.
