 Despite Darrin's concern, weeks went by with no repeat of the verbal attacks. In spite of the quiet, Mitch was more subdued than Darrin had ever seen him. He tried to get Mitch to talk about the incidents, but had been met with either evasion or stony silence. After several tries he decided to let it drop. Darrin was glad there hadn't been a repeat incident, but not knowing who was doing it was almost worse since he began distrusting almost everyone. Between the pressures of classes and teaching, as well as the continual looming threat of more personal attacks, both men were exhausted and on edge as the semester lumbered toward its conclusion.

The pressures were enough that they decided to spend the Thanksgiving break at home, catching up on work and trying to decompress. Adding to Darrin's stress level, he had noticed that Mitch was getting what seemed like a lot of phone calls that he took in private. Not that Darrin expected a breakdown of each phone call, but always before Mitch was pretty open about his phone conversations and didn't care if Darrin overheard him, but these calls were cloaked in silence. Darrin tried to put it out of his mind, hoping that it wasn't what he thought it was. In spite of everything, they did manage to unwind over the short Thanksgiving break and promised that Christmas would be more than turkey sandwiches and beer. As the long weekend drew to a rapid end, they readied themselves for the mad dash to the end of the semester.

The Monday after the break found Mitch and Darrin in their office, absorbed in the work in front of them. Both were oblivious to anything going on outside their door until they heard,

"Buttfuckers!"

Jumping up they ran to the door, but the hallway was empty. Mitch stalked up and down the hall, trying to find who had said it, but with no success. Darrin was still standing in their doorway when Mitch returned.

"Nothing. Fuckin' chicken shit!" said Mitch.

"I can't believe he disappeared so quick. It's gotta be another grad student that ducked into an office, but who!" said Darrin, grinding his teeth in frustration.

"Well, we'll just have to watch our backs. No telling what this fucker might try."

"Yeah, you're right," said Darrin. "Damnit!"

Mitch smiled, "Come on. Even the token gay grad students in the department need to finish their work."

Darrin gave him a thoughtful look, and then followed Mitch back into their office with a small sigh.

<><><><><>

That evening Mitch watched Darrin while he was cooking. They tried to divide up the work, but Mitch was more than willing to admit Darrin was the better cook, and Mitch loved to watch him as he did it. There had been times when Mitch had bribed Darrin into swapping chores so he didn't have to eat his own cooking. He smiled a little as Darrin chopped some greens to slip into the stew he was making. Darrin thought he was sneaking it past Mitch, and Mitch certainly wasn't going to admit that he actually didn't mind the addition. 

As he watched, he drifted back to the incident today. Running through it over and over, he realized this was starting to wear on him. Darrin had tried to get him to talk about it a few times, but he really didn't know what to say about it. He'd always been very comfortable in his skin, and the people around him had responded positively. This blind hate was new, and he wasn't sure how to deal with it. He'd heard enough just from Darrin to realize that other people's experiences weren't as positive and that he had been pretty lucky until these recent months. Thinking it through he knew what he needed to do. He hated to admit it, and even smiled a little when he admitted it to himself, but he needed to see his momma. 

The smile continued on his face as he walked over and leaned against the counter and watched Darrin. Mitch's smile broadened when Darrin looked up at him and waited for whatever was coming. 

"Go ahead, spit it out," said Darrin.

Mitch chuckled, "You know me too well. I was wondering what you had planned for Christmas break."

Darrin shrugged his shoulders. "I dunno. It's not like I have anywhere to go. I thought I'd just stay here I guess. Why?"

"Let's go to my parent's place. I'd like to see them."

Mitch saw Darrin stiffen. He could almost see the disaster scenarios that were running through Darrin's head. He waited and eventually there was a small sigh.

"Sure. If that's what you want to do," said Darrin.

Mitch's face bloomed with a full-blown smile that covered his face. 

"Fuckin' fantastic!"

Darrin chuckled and turned back to his cooking, thinking he had hid his doubts from Mitch. But then he felt Mitch move behind him and press his crotch against Darrin's butt. As the layers of denim slid over each other, Mitch ran his hands under Darrin's shirt and let his fingers explore the wonderful textures of his man. Darrin's breath caught as he pressed back against Mitch. Cocking his head he managed to get out,

"If you don't stop, dinner will burn."

"You need to relax," said Mitch as he turned off the burners. He then slowly ground his crotch against Darrin while his fingers gently tweaked the hard nipples he found buried in soft hair. Darrin braced himself against the counter, pressing back, his body throbbing as the foreplay created a primal rhythm in him. Darrin felt Mitch's fingers slowly slide down his torso, stopping just inside the waist of his pants and softly caressing his bush. Darrin always marveled at how Mitch played him like a fiddle. This was no exception since in a short time Mitch already had him moaning and bucking like a cheap whore. Grabbing Darrin's package, Mitch turned him around so that their crotches were grinding against each other. Mitch popped opened the neck of Darrin shirt, pressed his lips against the base of his neck and started sucking and biting. The animal in Mitch didn't recede until after he had left what was going to be a huge hickey. Bucking his crotch against Darrin, Mitch caressed Darrin's face and kissed him softly.

"That's my college boy, getting all relaxed. Lets see if we can't get you even more relaxed."

With that Mitch slid to his knees, his boots scooting across the cheap linoleum floor as he moved so his face was at Darrin's crotch. Reaching up he opened the button on Darrin's jeans, then slid the heavy zipper down until the black jockstrap Darrin was wearing was framed with the faded denim. Mitch toyed with the thick sausage that inhabited Darrin's jock while his hands cupped Darrin's ass and kneaded it. Pulling up the side of the jockstrap, Mitch fished Darrin's rock hard cock out the side and without a word slid his mouth over the crown. 

Darrin's legs threatened to turn to jelly as Mitch took his cock deeper and deeper into his hot mouth. Bracing himself on the cabinet Darrin was awash in mounting passion. His head swam and he lost track of time as the delightful feelings of Mitch's oral magic brought him closer and closer to orgasm. Mitch began alternating his hot mouth with a wet hand job. Darrin felt the building pressure and tried to speak.

"Fuck. Damnit. Oh, oh god!"

"Squirt it baby, coat my face with your spunk!" said Mitch as he furiously jacked on Darrin's cock. As he dragged the dark red, throbbing head across his stubble covered face Darrin lost it. His body convulsed and twisted as he shot one of the biggest loads ever over Mitch's mouth and cheeks. As the torrent slowed to a trickle, Mitch sucked the head into his lips and drank in the last of Darrin's cream. Finally releasing his cock with an oddly appropriate sound of satisfaction, Mitch looked up at Darrin.

"Better now, cowboy?" asked Mitch.

Darrin reached down and grabbed Mitch under the arms, pulling him into a hard kiss and then Darrin suddenly pushed him backwards. Mitch stumbled and moved back with Darrin rapidly followed in spite of his half dressed condition. Another push and Mitch found himself leaning backward across the kitchen table, braced against his arms. Mitch looked up and met Darrin's eyes, seeing an expression of pure desire on Darrin's face.

"No. There's a couple more things before we're done, stud," said Darrin.

Darrin almost ripped open Mitch's jeans, fishing his hard cock out the fly of his briefs. He dribbled spit down its rigid length, wrapping his hand around Mitch's cock and then jacking it. Mitch moaned and opened his legs as wide as possible, enjoying the hand job from his lover. Darrin leaned forward, kissing Mitch hard, his hand never faltering. Soon Mitch was bucking into his hand, his ass lifting off the table as he drove toward a massive ejaculation. Darrin felt Mitch's body tense and his breath hiss through his teeth. Darrin smiled to himself and slipped his finger into this mouth and coated it with saliva. Timing it when Mitch's ass was arched off the table, Darrin slid his hand through the leg of his briefs and slipped his wet finger into Mitch's clenched butt.

"OHFUCK!" screamed Mitch.

The invasion of Darrin's finger into his ass sent Mitch over the edge. Every muscle shook, as his entire body became part of the orgasm. When Mitch's body started convulsing, Darrin kneeled in front of him and rubbed Mitch's pulsing cock against his face. With the first swipe of his dick over Darrin's face, Mitch shot his load. Pulse after pulse of prime man cream coated Darrin's face. His tongue started lapping up what he could reach of Mitch's cum. Mitch loosed several more volleys of semen before collapsing on the table as his orgasm released him. Darrin stood up and moved on top of him. He chuckled at the look of bliss on Mitch's cum coated face. He kissed his lover softly and then licked a large glob of jizz from Mitch's cheek.

"Now. I'm all better," said Darrin with a chuckle, "but I think we need to clean up."

Mitch reached up and ran his finger across Darrin's cheek, coating his finger with cum. He looked deep into Darrin's eyes as he slipped his slime coated finger into his mouth and sucked it clean. 

Fixing Darrin with an innocent look he said, "Why's that, babe? I like cream."

Darrin began laughing, collapsing against Mitch as happiness infused him.

<><><><><>

The trip to east Texas wasn't that far, but it felt like they had moved into another world. They had planned the trip to start as soon as they could wrap everything up, but it was now only a day or two before Christmas. The drive itself was a different experience for Darrin, who hadn't been in the eastern part of the state before. He was amazed at the dense forest they were driving through, that seemingly extended to the edge of the blacktop. Darrin had lost the argument for once and they were in Mitch's larger pickup, which made it seem even closer. Darrin knew they were not far from Mitch's parent's house and the tension was building for him. Finally he turned to Mitch,

"So, tell me about your parents."

Mitch glanced over and saw the tension in Darrin's face. He knew that Darrin was nervous about meeting his parents, but then some of his parents antics over the years played through his head and Mitch laughed, "You haven't got enough time. They are pieces of work, especially my mother. Great people, but kinda weird."

Darrin fidgeted a little and then asked, "What'd you mean 'weird'?"

Mitch snorted, "Not bad weird. Unique. And really liberal!"

Darrin started laughing too. "How in the world did a liberal couple survive in the hills of east Texas?"

"Oh, they are easy people to like, and very persistent. They tend to wear down people who disagree with them."

Darrin started to ask more questions, but realized that he wasn't going to feel any better regardless of Mitch's answers. So he settled in to soak up the unique scenery they were driving through. Entering his own world with the dense forest of pines sliding endlessly past his window, Darrin lost track of time and was surprised when Mitch turned onto a two-wheeled track that led to an unusual house. As they stopped in front of it Darrin found himself staring in amazement. It looked like a decades old, continual experiment in alternative building, and was largely indescribable. He sat there for several long moments, trying to decide what to say.

"Yeah, it's a hell of a house. Wait until you get inside," said Mitch.

Darrin climbed out of the pickup, taking the small jump to get to the ground. He walked around and retrieved his bag. When he turned back toward the house, standing on the porch was a small, white-haired woman who was drying her hands. Mitch ran up and wrapped his arms around her, giving her a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek. Once they separated, Darrin could see the warm smile on her face. He walked up while the two of them exchanged a few words. When he got within reach, Mitch snagged his arm and pulled him closer.

"Mom this is Darrin, the one I've been telling you about."

"Nice to meet you Mrs. McRichards," said Darrin.

"Oh please, just call me Patsy. Everyone does!" And then she grabbed Darrin and hugged him tight. "It's so glad to meet you. Mitch talks about you all the time."

Darrin smiled at Mitch over her head and replied, "Well, hopefully it wasn't all bad. You know how Mitch can stretch the truth."

Darrin looked down as Patsy tilted her head up and looked at him. He tensed as he saw a tear slowly making its way down her cheek, then she hugged him tight again and said, "Honey, he said he was in love with you, and that's about the best news his Dad and I'd heard in a long time." She paused and then squeezed him tight again, as she relaxed she said, "Now, come on in the house. I made some cookies for ya'll."

Without letting go of Darrin, Patsy walked toward the door, snagging Mitch as she passed so she had one of them in each arm. As they passed through the front door, Darrin could see what Mitch was talking about. The house was unconventional, and it did look like a series of experiments. But despite its looks, it was very warm and welcoming. As he settled into the chair that Patsy pushed him toward, he looked around the room and took in the atmosphere that made this house a home. Despite all his apprehension before they had arrived, Darrin felt oddly at peace in their home and found himself relaxing. He smiled as Patsy came back into the room and took a few of the cookies she offered. He sat quietly and listened as Mitch and his mother caught up on all the events of the area. As their conversation wound down, she looked over at Darrin and smiled.

"I'm sure that you boys are tired. Mitch, take Darrin up to your room and ya'll can clean up for supper." And with that announcement she walked back into the kitchen. Mitch smiled at him as they walked back out to the truck.

"She is a little over the top, but she likes you," said Mitch.

Darrin smiled over at him, "That's good! I know she makes fantastic cookies," said Darrin as he ate the last crumbs of the cookies he'd taken. 

Loaded with their stuff for a week, Darrin followed Mitch up the stairs and into a small bedroom toward the back of the house. Obviously it had been left unchanged when Mitch went to college. The room was filled with trophies and ribbons from livestock shows, 4-H activities and Darrin thought he spotted Mitch's FFA jacket hanging in the closet. It looked like the room of an 18 year old boy, but he loved it since it gave him some insight to the Mitch he knew. 

Mitch watched as Darrin looked around the room. Walking into his room always felt a little like being dropped into a time capsule. His high school days, and before, were carefully preserved on the selves. He'd told his mother not to keep the room for him, but she'd said she didn't have any use for it right now, and that it reminder her of her baby. The conversation always ended with a scowl on his face and her walking off laughing. But there had been a few times when just being able to sit in this room and remember good times had kept him from doing something stupid. But the times when he had the urge to do something foolish came less frequently these days, thanks in part to Darrin. Right now though, with Darrin looking so closely at everything, he was a little embarrassed. Finally Darrin turned to him and smiled,

"Cool room. I can't believe how many trophies you have. It looks like you won everything you did!"

Mitch laughed softly, "No, not everything. But I did alright."

Mitch watched as Darrin put down his bag, wrapped his arms around Mitch and pulling him against his chest. Darrin tilted his face down and kissed Mitch softly on the forehead. 

"This is great. I never was able to do the shows. My dad wouldn't let me. I love your room. It's like I am getting to know the younger Mitch."

Mitch felt Darrin lift his chin with a finger and then pressed their lips gently together. They separated and then pressed hard against each other as the emotions of the moment flowed over them. Darrin's hands slid down Mitch's back and cupped his butt as they melded into each other. Mitch untucked Darrin's shirt and ran his hands over the hairy, muscular chest of the man in front of him. Mitch slid his hand into the waist of Darrin's jeans --

"Come on down boys. I have supper ready!"

Both men jerked away from the other as Patsy's voice splashed on them like ice water. They chuckled nervously as they straightened their clothes, washed up and headed back downstairs. After enjoying a delicious meal with Mitch's mother, Mitch found himself giving Darrin a tour of the McRichard's small farm. Mitch pointed out numerous places and recalled their history. Eventually they walked into a densely wooded area. As they hiked through the quiet setting Mitch turned to Darrin with a huge grin on his face.

"Wanna see my hideout?" said Mitch.

Darrin looked carefully around and then nodded, "Sure babe, where is it?"

Mitch grinned and point above them. Darrin looked up and saw the underside of pieces of lumber that were barely visible in the branches of the huge live oak. Mitch ran behind the tree and quickly popped out on one of the massive lower branches. 

"Come on up, there's an old set of steps on this side." Mitch watched as Darrin walked around the tree and slowly climbed beside him. As Darrin got closer, he scampered up the branch and disappeared into a small doorway in the side of the hideout.

Darrin looked up and gulped. He didn't really like heights, and he wasn't sure that Mitch's childhood hideout could take the weight of two adult men. Gritting his teeth he slowly moved up the branch, gripping any supporting branches he could find. When he finally reached the doorway, he pulled himself through and lay panting on the floor. Once he had recovered from the climb, he pushed himself to his elbows and looked at the interior of the tree house. Darrin smiled in appreciation of the work and ingenuity that went into this little hideout.

"This must have been a cool hideout when you were a kid."

"Yeah, it's also where I had my first smoke, my first beer, and -- " Mitch looked meaningfully at Darrin, "my first sex."

"Oh. . . "

Darrin watched as Mitch crept toward him. He was still trying to process what Mitch had just said. He wasn't sure what he thought about it, and it rekindled Darrin's concerns about the secretive phone calls. As Mitch touched him, he withdrew. Mitch stopped, and rocked back on his heels.

"What's wrong babe? I thought you'd think this was cool," said Mitch.

"I don't know what I feel right now. You bring me to a place you had sex with other guys, and then try to start something with me. Give me a minute, I have a few mixed feelings here."

"Babe, they haven't been in my life in a long time. I just wanted to show you my secret place," Mitch paused, "And give it our memories."

Darrin nodded as Mitch talked, his stomach settling down as the importance of Mitch's statement sunk in. Darrin watched as Mitch leaned in again, this time letting Mitch kiss him gently. Darrin reveled in the wonderful warm feeling that was so typically the result of Mitch's kisses. Darrin watched as Mitch unbuttoned his shirt, a small sigh escaping his lips as Mitch's work roughened hands caressed his bare chest. Leaning in, his warm lips touched Darrin's hardening nipple, followed quickly by a warm, wet tongue. Mitch gently worked first one nipple and then the other until Darrin was gasping and his cock was aching in his tight jeans. Mitch's fingers traced the bulge in Darrin's pants, running over its hard length as Mitch watched Darrin slowly relaxed and smile at Mitch.
