 Mitch lay quietly in bed as the dawn slowly flooded the bedroom. He was enjoying his morning and the soft breathing of his boyfriend sleeping in the bed beside him. He couldn't believe that they were already 6 weeks into the semester, and fall break was approaching. He knew they both needed a break, but on a graduate student stipend there wasn't really much of a chance of them going anywhere. Mitch was still recovering financially from the meal they and their friends had at The Republic after Darrin passed his orals. At that memory he had to smile though, since that night Darrin had been the first to get his ass. He had planned it as the ultimate gift to Darrin and didn't expect to really enjoy it. But he was so wrong! Mitch wiggled his bum a little and enjoyed the slight soreness from last night as proof that he had indeed entered the world of the versatile. Darrin had also become very excited about his new role as top. Mitch had gotten the impression that Darrin had primarily been submissive in previous relationships. Yes, Mitch was amazed at the changes each of them had made in the other. But he guessed that was just part of being in love. 

He rolled on his side and gently started tracing his fingers over Darrin's face. He had to chuckle a little when the still sleeping Darrin interpreted his light touches as a fly and tried to shoo him away. Mitch moved his hand to Darrin's chest and ran it through his light brown chest hair. Before he got too carried away, Mitch leaned in and kissed Darrin firmly on the lips. From experience he knew that a gentle kiss would earn him a 'fly shoo' swat against his face. But with the kiss, Darrin's eyes fluttered open and he stretched. Finding Mitch, he threw his arms around him and pulled Mitch against him in a tight hug.

"Damn, you get more handsome with each day!"

Mitch laughed and said, "You are just a horny boy who wants to tap my ass again, and again."

Darrin chuckled and then stretched again. "Damn straight! That's the nicest piece of ass I've ever seen, much less tapped."

Mitch looked at him with mock severity, "And should you get the urge to tap another ass, you best run. 'Cause I'll cut 'em off!" With that statement Mitch reached down and grabbed Darrin's nuts and tugged. 

Darrin jumped and in a high falsetto said, "No! Never! Don't want to lose the boys."

Mitch growled and moved so he was over Darrin's body. Leaning down he bit Darrin on the lip and then barked out, "That's right boy, you might be proud-cut, but you'd still be cut!" and with that he moved lower and then leaped at Darrin's ticklish belly. Soon the two were rolling on the bed, both laughing uproariously. Once they settled down Darrin held Mitch's face and kissed him again.

"We gotta get moving. I don't ever want to walk into my 9am class late again. Especially not smelling like fresh sex!" said Darrin.

"Ah babe! But you are so cute when you were all flustered."

"Asshole!" said Darrin, and then started laughing. "God, having Karen lean over, sniff, and then wink at me. I wanted to go through the floor."

"Well come on then. If we don't hurry we'll end up showering together and I think that's how it started last time," said Mitch.

They finally moved out of the bed and went through what had become their morning routine. Mitch cooked their breakfast while Darrin showered and then he showered while Darrin fed the horses. By the time they found themselves pulling into the department parking lot, they had plenty of time. As they walked toward their office Mitch heard someone calling him.

"McRichards."

Mitch stopped and turned thinking he recognized that voice and sure enough he saw Dr. Koch walking toward him.

"McRichards, after your class come to my office," he looked at Darrin, "Morning Anderson." And with that he moved down the hallway. Darrin quickly pulled Mitch into their office and closed the door.

"What was that about?"

"Hell, I don't know. Maybe I didn't get something right. We haven't really had much of a conversation since last summer's little chat," said Mitch.

Darrin nodded, "Well I guess you'll find out after class, because it's five 'til."

Both men threw what they needed for class in their book bags and left for class. Mitch heard very little of the lecture as he ran through his mind what Koch could be calling him on the carpet about. The end of those 50 minutes found him standing at Koch's door and knocking softly.

Koch looked up at the noise, "Yes, get in here and shut the door."

Damn! Thought Mitch, this couldn't go well. When he started grad school, he had been given the same instructions as Darrin about avoiding behind-the-door conversations with Koch. He sat in the chair he was motioned to and watched Koch digging through his desk. With a grunt Koch located what he was looking for and tossed it across the table to Mitch. Mitch opened the manila envelope and peered inside. Reaching in he retrieved a key and some papers. He looked up to find Koch staring at him.

"I have a cabin in Colorado, above Durango. I'd already gotten my landowner elk tag, but now I have to go to a goddamn conference in Florida. I transferred it to your name. Thought you and Anderson could use a break."

Mitch froze, this was so unheard of that he was looking for the trap. Finally he realized that he needed to say something, anything.

"Thanks. We really appreciate it! We do need the break and I love elk."

"Yeah, well don't fuck up the hunt. I expect a hindquarter as payment."

"Oh yes sir. We can certainly do that," said Mitch.

"Get out. That's it. There isn't going to be any orchestra, this isn't a 'moment'."

Mitch scrambled to his feet and escaped out the door. Completely stunned he walked in their office and closed the door. Darrin watched him sit down with a look of utter disbelief on his face. Darrin waited for Mitch to explain, but when the silence stretched on too long his temper flared. Assuming the worst he began a diatribe against Koch.

"Fucking old homophobe! I knew this would happen! Well he can't target you. Goddamnit! You work harder than anyone else in his lab. I'm going to go give that asshole a piece of my mind. How dare he. . ." Mitch grabbed his arm and stopped him. He chuckled raggedly and motioned for Darrin to calm down.

"No, no. Nothing like that."

He reached in the envelope and pulled out its contents and laid them on the desk. Darrin finally looked at Mitch,

"What the hell?"

"Don't know. I went in expecting to be ripped a new asshole, and he hands me this. He said he has a cabin in Colorado and he'd already gotten a landowner elk tag and now he couldn't make it. So he gave it to us, with the stipulation that we bring him back an elk quarter."

Darrin fell back in his chair, "Fuuuucccckkkkk. Wait. Us? He specifically said us?"

Mitch laughed, "Yes babe, he said 'you and Anderson'."

Mitch laughed and then sifted through the content of the envelope. They found the tag for the cow elk as well as a map and instructions. 

Finally a smile broke across Mitch's face and he looked up at Darrin, "Looks like we's goin' huntin'!"

<><><><><>

The time flew by and Darrin and Mitch found themselves driving across Texas toward southwest Colorado. Mitch had finally relented and they had taken Darrin's smaller pickup to save money on gas, but now their stuff was largely piled in the back. The important exception was Mitch's 30-06, which was behind the seat. They had already been driving for quite a few hours and when both were awake they had talked about their lives, families, and other details of their past. Much of it they already knew about each other, but Mitch realized that there was one gaping hole in Darrin's background, his love life before starting grad school.

As they barreled toward the New Mexico line he turned to Darrin, pausing to consider how to bring it up,

"What about other lovers babe? You never mention other boyfriends."

Darrin stiffened and fixed his stare ahead. In a barely audible voice he said, "No boyfriends, no lovers. Ok? Drop it."

Mitch started to push the issue, and paused. Knowing Darrin's past, he was sure the story was unpleasant and convoluted. Right now he wanted neither, so he leaned against the door and pulled down his cap over his eyes and slept.

They drove through the night; switching drivers as needed so they wouldn't have to stop, a decision they had made partly to save time, but equally important was avoiding the cost of a hotel room. Late afternoon found them winding up the steep gravel road to Koch's cabin. Darrin was still trying to decipher the map when Mitch slammed on the brakes.

Darrin grabbed the dash to stop his momentum, "What the hell?"

"We're here."

Darrin studied the map and directions, "How to you know? I can't tell a damn thing from this map."

Mitch chuckled and pointed out Darrin's window, "That's how."

Darrin looked and started laughing too as he saw the sign that read 'Koch's Cabin -- Visitors will be shot.'

"Yeah, we are definitely at the right place. Only your major professor would post a sign like that," said Darrin.

Mitch backed up and then whipped the pickup into the driveway. The cabin was largely hidden from the road by the thick forest surrounding it. But it looked very secluded and quiet, which was what they both needed.

"Let's check it out and then we can unload," said Mitch.

They climbed out of the truck and walked to the cabin. It was a true cabin. It looked like it had been made from logs off the property 50 years ago. As they stepped on the porch they also realized how small it was, but the perfect size for their weekend. Opening the door they walked in and found the house was remarkably clean. Mitch spotted a propane refrigerator in the corner and walked over to see if it was working. He was startled to find it filled with fresh food and a note that read,

'Dr Koch said to eat the food and not worry about replacing it since it would just spoil before anyone else came to the cabin. -- Peggy'

Darrin turned and looked at Mitch, "What the deal with Koch?"

"I have no idea, but we have enough food for the weekend."

Mitch yawned and stretched as he tried to remove some of the stiffness from his muscles. Leaning over he kissed Darrin and then threw his arm around his neck.

"I'm ready for a nap. Whatcha think?" said Mitch.

"That sounds great. I'm bushed!"

The cabin was fairly cool so they just kicked off their boots and crawled into bed. Darrin spooned against Mitch and quickly both were in deep sleep.

An hour or so later Mitch woke up. Momentarily disoriented, he quickly remembered where they were. He moved back against Darrin and wiggled his ass.

"That's a good way to get screwed you know," said Darrin.

Mitch chuckled and pressed harder against Darrin's groin. "Oh? You want this ass you gotta work for it stud!"

Mitch jumped out of bed and started jerking on his boots. As Darrin slowly stood up, Mitch reached over and slapped his ass. 

"Come on lazy ass. We need to check out the hunting. We don't have a lot of time to bag our elk."

"I know, I know," said Darrin as he struggled with his boots and lurching to follow Mitch out the door. Once they got started, they quickly moved over the large acreage that Koch's land encompassed. At several places they found signs of elk. After a few hours they had a good idea of where Mitch would hunt tomorrow, but they continued scouting the area. Exploring off the main trails, they found a giant hemlock tree whose branches trailed to the ground. Walking around it, they found a small opening almost hidden among the smaller trees that surrounded the large tree like a set of bridesmaids. Mitch looked inside and turned to Darrin,

"I think we can get in. Come on!" Mitch said and disappeared into the dark split. Reluctantly Darrin followed. He struggled to get his larger body through the tiny hole but eventually he managed to wiggle his way through. He sat quietly in the almost black space, waiting for his eyes to adjust. He jumped when a hand brushed against his neck.

"Damnit! You scared the shit outta-" Darrin's complaint dropped as Mitch's mouth covered his. Mitch kneeled in front of him, holding Darrin's face as their lips slowly separated.

"It's nice and private in here babe. I think you mentioned something about wanting my ass," Mitch said with an inquisitive look on his face.

"Oh shit. Yeah!"

Darrin took Mitch back in his arms and pulled their chests tight against each other. The quiet, dim surroundings seemed very intimate as they quietly kissed and caressed each other's faces. Mitch allowed his hand to trace over Darrin's skin, loving the rough texture of his stubble. He thought he should ask Darrin to let it grow over the weekend, Darrin's facial hair made him hot. His fingers caressing Darrin's goatee, he leaned in for another kiss. As his lips lingered, Mitch let his fingers glide down Darrin's chest, opening buttons and kissing Darrin as he released each one. With the last button undone, he opened Darrin's shirt and exposed the white t-shirt underneath. He reached his fingers to the erect points of Darrin's nipples and rubbed and pinched them gently through the cloth as he kissed the side of his neck. Darrin sighed and let his head roll to one side as the wonderful attention that Mitch was giving him had its effect.

"Oh man, that feels so good babe," said Darrin.

Mitch smiled to himself as he continued to do his best to ramp up Darrin's lust. Letting his kisses slide down Darrin's neck, Mitch reached down and pulled the t-shirt out of Darrin's jeans. Mitch ran his hands under the shirt, luxuriating in the feel of Darrin's chest hair on his hands. Mitch loved Darrin's chest, he knew that sometimes Darrin wished he had more chest hair, but Mitch thought he had the perfect amount. The soft fans of hair covering his pecs made Mitch horny each time he saw it. He pushed the shirt upward until Darrin's erect nipples were exposed and then Mitch lowered his head and started sucking on first one and then the other. His tongue danced around the rigid flesh, with an occasional nip from his teeth. Darrin's moans and muttering were ample evidence of Mitch's success. 

Mitch watched his man's fluttering eyelids and his quiet panting. Putting his hand on Darrin's sternum, Mitch pushed him back onto the soft needles carpeting their secluded spot. He couldn't resist a quick sweep of his fingers over Darrin's belly, which caused a brief eruption of laughter. But they quickly transitioned back to moans when he gripped Darrin's crotch and began kneading it gently. Darrin started bucking up into Mitch's hand and moaning louder. Mitch laughed softly and leaned down and whispered into Darrin's ear,

"Shhhh stud. You need to keep it down. We may be hidden but sound carries up in these mountains."

Darrin nodded and moved his arm over his mouth, biting down on his shirtsleeve to keep from screaming. Mitch flashed his brilliant smile and moved back to Darrin's crotch. Peeling down the omnipresent jockstrap, he released Darrin's thick cock from its fabric confinement. Wrapping his hand around its base he squeezed and slid his hand up its turgid length, bringing up a nice ooze of precum. Mitch ran his tongue through it and then lowered his lips to cover the whole glans, his tongue dancing over the surface as he cleaned it. 

That was the end of Darrin's tolerance, he moved quickly. Grabbing his lover, he opened Mitch's jeans and yanked them down to his thighs before Mitch could blink. Mitch enjoyed the times when Darrin's needs overcame him and he took charge, like he was doing now. He spread his knees as wide as the pants would allow and ran his hands over whatever parts of Darrin he could reach. Darrin wrapped his fist around Mitch's cock and stroked it a few times and then slid his hand to Mitch's balls. His tug on Mitch's nuts was hard enough to be rewarded with a grunt from Mitch. He felt Darrin's other hand slide behind his head and pull him in for an urgent kiss. As Darrin's tongue dove into Mitch's mouth, Mitch felt his hand caress his fur covered trench and explored its length. After a few moments of reconnaissance it zeroed in on its target, Mitch's tight hole. As Darrin's finger rubbed against his entrance, he felt that delicious tingle radiate through his crotch. When Darrin finally released his head Mitch fell forward, panting,

"Come on man. Fuck me! You have me so damn horny!"

Mitch felt Darrin move behind him, quickly followed by his ass being pried apart. He gasped as Darrin's hot tongue traveled down the trench of his butt. Writhing under Darrin's wet oral dance, Mitch relished each movement as his ass became matted with spit. He felt Darrin shift his grip and then open his ass wider, and his hot tongue rammed deep into his ass.

"Fuck! That's it! Eat me!" shouted Mitch.

Darrin moved back slightly with a soft chuckle, "I thought we needed to be quiet, handsome."

"Oh, yeah. Ohgod though. Just do me already," said Mitch as he panted with desire.

"Babe, we don't have any lube."

Mitch arched his back and rammed one hand in his pocket, instantly it was back with a small bottle that he handed back to Darrin. Darrin took it, knowing what it was.

"My man the boy scout. Always prepared."

Darrin started working Mitch's ass. Mitch felt him carefully lube his opening and the sensations were almost overwhelming. Despite Mitch's claims to the contrary, he had been sore for several days after the first time he let Darrin fuck him. Fortunately, Darrin recognized that his thickness made it more challenging, so he tried to always get Mitch ready. As the second finger slid in Mitch tensed at the immediate pain but then quickly relaxed. A few minutes later it became a trio of fingers inside him, but by then the stimulation was such that he savored it. The pain was part of the pleasure and he was ready.

"Come on babe, enough. Put it in!" said Mitch through his panting.

Darrin gave him a look of pure lust and then began lubing up his cock. With a final poke inside Mitch's ass, Darrin removed his fingers and started pushing his dick inside Mitch. By this time Mitch's chest was resting on the forest floor and his mind was reeling at the sensations coming from his butt. Yes, there was some pain. But he was so wonderfully full and the feeling of Darrin's iron hard dick rubbing his sphincter as it slid in was sending electric shocks to his throbbing dick. As he felt Darrin's brown curls grind against his ass, he let out another loud moan.

"Shh, quiet!" said Darrin with a chuckle.

Mitch was too far gone this time to reply and just made random motions with his hand as he tried to tell Darrin he wanted more. Darrin pumped in and out with agonizingly slow movements. The pressure and texture of Darrin's rock hard cock against Mitch's prostate sent erotic pulses through his body, as the wonderful sensations built with each slow sheathing of Darrin's cock inside his convulsing gut. Time slowed as they made love to each other, until Mitch's body reached overload. His body shifted into autopilot and his ass clamped down on Darrin's cock as his body climaxed. 

"Ah! Oh! Ah! Ahhhhh!" screamed out Mitch as his cock painted the forest floor with lines of white.

As Mitch ejaculated Darrin increased his speed, forcing his way through the tight ass surrounding his cock. With Mitch's last loud moan, his body sagged against the ground, quiet gasps coming from his lips with each thrust of Darrin's hips. Soon after Mitch felt a tightening of the grip on his hips as Darrin thrust faster into his butt. Then Darrin tensed, shoving his cock as deep as possible into Mitch. His body trembled as Mitch felt Darrin's hot seed filling his butt. Mitch relaxed and enjoyed the sensations as Darrin slowly pushed through the slick, hot liquid in a few last leisurely strokes. Eventually his soft cock fell out of Mitch's ass with a wet sound, causing a giggle to emerge from Mitch.
