 Darrin drifted awake as the early morning light shifted through the uncovered window. He ran through the events of the previous evening, smiling as he felt the slight tug of the dried semen on his chest hair. Luxuriating in his memory, the realization came that he was alone in the bed. Cautiously walking from the bedroom, Darrin called out softly, "Mitch?" Padding quietly in his bare feet through the small house he discovered with certainty that Mitch was gone. Suddenly feeling very exposed, he darted back into the bedroom, showered and dressed. Emerging, he dropped his boots by the couch as he sat down. Darrin tried desperately not to think about the significance of Mitch's disappearance as he pulled on the boots. But his thoughts began to travel down the familiar path that ended up with him alone and hurt, with even more baggage. As the storm of defeat began to gather in his thoughts, he scooped up his paperwork and walked out the door to begin his first day of data collection.

The day didn't go well for Darrin. His mind wasn't on the work, or the results, and his mood was dark. The crew working with him cut glances at each other as they ran calves through for the third time because he hadn't filled out the datasheets right. Everyone hoped that the brief break for lunch would help Darrin get back to his usual efficient self, but the afternoon did not begin any better and as the mistakes piled up the foreman pulled him aside to talk.

"Hey Darrin, I think we need to stop for today. Things don't seem to be . . ." he paused to consider the wording, "Well they just ain't going like they normally do for you. So what'd you say you take the rest of the day off to chill out and the boys and I will clean up here."

Darrin looked at the ground and nodded, "Yeah, sorry. Tomorrow will be better. I just have stuff on my mind today."

The foreman nodded vigorously and then pushed back his hat, "Yup, I sure can see that, after that close call with the Brimmer. He sure scared the shit outta me!"

Darrin couldn't help but smile at the pronunciation of Brahman but again nodded in agreement. 

"Yeah, that must be it. It'll be better tomorrow," said Darrin.

The hand slapped him on the back and walked away, already beginning to shout orders to the other people on the crew. Darrin gathered up his data sheets and climbed back into the pickup to begin the trip home. Once he arrived at the house, he was in a black mood, which worsened as the silence provided him with more time to brood over the situation. Tossing his materials to the table, he looked around and resigned himself to the fact that Mitch still wasn't there. Realizing that he hadn't had a decent meal since they arrived, he started to pull together supper. As he readied the ingredients for chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy, the focus on cooking temporarily blocked out last night. That is until he heard the slam of a screen door followed by boots being kicked off in the utility room. He looked up in time to see Mitch walk through the door.

Mitch looked up and grinned at him. "Hey stud, how was your day?"

Darrin was floored at his cavalier attitude but decided that he wasn't going to be made a fool of this time. Nodding at Mitch he issued a non-committal grunt. Mitch looked up, frozen in the middle of arranging his notebooks. After a slight pause, Mitch laid down his materials and walked over, watching as Darrin fried the steak. Reaching up he rubbed between Darrin's shoulder blades.

"What's wrong?" he asked.

"Don't. Just don't touch me," said Darrin as he shrugged off the touch. 

Mitch grabbed his shoulder and spun him around. His arms waving and their faces inches apart, he started to unload on Darrin. 

"What's your fuckin' problem? You freaked because you enjoyed last night? Did you not expect to enjoy sex with a man? Are you afraid you're going to hell now? Is that it! You afraid my touch will somehow spoil you? Come on asshole! Tell me! Man up and just fuckin' say it!"

Darrin gaped in shock at the tirade; Stunned that Mitch was making the same accusations of him as he had been thinking about Mitch all day. Working his mouth and trying to think of something, Darrin spat out the only thing he could think of,

"You were gone!"

Now it was Mitch's turn to look shocked. "What?" he said.

"This morning, I woke up, and . . ." Darrin heaved an involuntary sob, "You were gone! And I thought . . . all that things you just said . . . I thought that too."

Mitch stared at Darrin for several long minutes. Then beginning to laugh he wrapped his arms around Darrin and hugged him tight. Looking into Darrin's eyes he smiled again.

"I had milk productions today, babe. They started at 5am and I wanted to let you sleep. That's all it was. That's why I wasn't here when you woke up. The crew picked me up at the butt crack of dawn and I'm been there all day."

"Oh . . ." said Darrin, feeling very foolish. "Then you . . . I mean you didn't . . . and last night was . . ."

Mitch took Darrin's chin in his hand and pulled the taller man to him and kissed him gently. Their eyes locking Mitch said "yes, no and last night was amazing. In that order."

Darrin sorted out the answer and then chuckled. Leaning down he kissed Mitch back and ran his hands over the cowboy standing in front of him. 

"I was afraid you were going to be upset and say last night was a mistake and meant nothing."

"Darrin you are going to have to learn to trust me if this is going to work. God knows I waited long enough for you to make a move. You've had me hot under the collar since the first day we met"

"Me! You thought! Me!" said Darrin with a squeal.

"Yes, you. I think the nerdy professor types are hot. I thought maybe you'd make a move after I made you ride against my ass on Storm, but you ran off from the office instead."

"What? You mean that was all fake!"

"No," said Mitch, "Well, not the injury. But the part about no heels in Storm's flanks, that might've been me enjoying you hugged up against me." Mitch smiled at him again. "But right now I'm ripe and need a shower. I'll be back for that great dinner you are fixin'."

Darrin muttered something under his breath as he turned back to the food he was cooking.

"What?" said Mitch.

"Nothing . . ."

"Shit Darrin don't start this crap already. Just tell me what you fuckin' said!"

He turned to Mitch, a little pissed that he had been called on it. "I said I think you smell great how you are! There, are you happy, yes I'm a perv who likes your stink."

Mitch smiled and slipped his sweat soaked t-shirt over his head. Darrin reveled in the sight and heady aroma of the damp hairy chest in front of him. Mitch pushed the wadded up shirt into Darrin's face.

"Is that what you like college? Does my stinky sweat make you horny?"

Darrin inhaled deeply, almost tasting the raw masculine smells coming from the shirt. "Oh god."

Mitch grabbed Darrin's crotch and started fondling him while he continued to grind the t-shirt against his face. Quickly Darrin's cock turned rock hard and Mitch began stroking it through the jeans. Pinned against the counter Darrin moaned and sucked a bit of the shirt into his mouth and began chewing on the sweat soaked cloth.

"Mitch, stop. Fuck, you're going to make me cum!" Darrin said around the cloth.

Never pausing Mitch replied, "That was what I had in mind."

Redoubling his efforts he worked over Darrin's rampant boner as he leaned in and sank his teeth into Darrin's shoulder. From the violent shudder and the ragged tempo of Darrin's breathing, he knew it wouldn't be long now. Squeezing Darrin's cock with his fingers, Mitch felt the cock under his hand pulse and shoot. Slowly milking Darrin's cock, he watched in amazement as the shots of ball juice soaked the jeans. Darrin finally opened his eyes and Mitch smiled at the look of amazement in them.

"Shit. I can't believe you did that." 

"Didn't like it?" said Mitch with a smirk.

"Oh hell yes I liked it!" Darrin moved forward and grabbed Mitch's stiff manhood. Mitch kissed Darrin but moved his hand.

"We can work on that later. You needed a tension release now." said Mitch. "I'm gonna clean up, then eat that great meal you've got made, and then we have all night to play!" He squeezed Darrin's package again, "But don't change jeans, I like you all drippy." 

Mitch turned and walked into the bathroom. This time leaving the door open, he stripped, tossing his clothes into the corner. As Darrin openly watched him, Mitch glanced back over his shoulder and winked and then wiggled his ass before he stepped into the shower. Darrin smiled and turned back to the food, panicking a little as he realized his 'preoccupation' over the last few minutes meant some of the dishes were about to burn.

As Darrin finished making the cream gravy, Mitch walked up behind him, wrapped his arms tight around his chest and pulled him tight. The feel of Mitch's warm chest felt so right to Darrin. He turned to discover that Mitch was clad only in his white BVD briefs. The combination of his tanned skin and the sparkling white briefs were delicious, not to mention how well it framed his seemingly enormous package. Grabbing Mitch's ass, he pulled him tight to his body and planted a peck on his lips. Wanting more but not sure how much to push it, Darrin reluctantly separated their lips and looked back into Mitch's brown eyes.

"Umm, dinner's fixed."

Mitch pressed against Darrin in the pretense of looking at the food and ground his crotch against Darrin. 

"Looks great! Let's eat."

The pair settled around their tiny table and began to devour the meal. Darrin watched in astonishment as Mitch consumed massive quantities of steak and potatoes. When everything had disappeared, Mitch pushed back from the table and smiled over at Darrin. That mischievous grin returned as Mitch gulped air once or twice and then gave out an enormous belch.

"Damn good food!" Mitch said, with a smaller burp.

Darrin laughed at his antics and then leaned over, kissing him on the cheek. 

"Go relax, I'll clean up. One thing about it, there are no leftovers to deal with," said Darrin with a chuckle.

"Yes dear, your man will go watch sports center while you clean up the kitchen. And if you do a good job maybe later there will be a special treat for you." Mitch gave Darrin an over-the-top stage wink and then walked the three steps to the couch and flopped down. He gazed out the window, scratching his belly as Darrin finished his cleanup efforts. As he was drying the last dish, Mitch looked over his shoulder at Darrin and smiled.

"Come'er studly."

Darrin blushed a little at the description but sat down close enough so their hips touched. Mitch smiled at the still wet spot on Darrin's jeans and ran his hand over it as Darrin squirmed. Mitch raised his arm, laying it across Darrin's shoulders and relaxed against the couch.

"You know bud. We should talk about last night." Mitch felt Darrin go rigid under his arm. "Hey! Just relax. I just thought we should talk, just talk. . ." Mitch squeezed his shoulder. "Relax!"

Darrin nodded, his eyes locked onto Mitch. Barely breathing in his terror of what is about to come.

"Well let's start with, I'm gay. I like dick. I like sex with guys, especially hot professor types." Mitch winked at Darrin. "Not sure where that puts you, but I just wanted to put it out there."

Darrin nodded again, thinking that was great news since he had somewhere fallen in love with this man. But he kept his lips sealed as he waited for Mitch to continue.

Mitch lowered his hand, rubbing Darrin's neck. "So where do you put yourself in the continuum of gay to straight? I mean was last night just curiosity, experimentation, or . . . " 

Darrin focused on his thoughts, all the issues he had survived, and made the decision that he wanted to make an attempt to find the peace he wanted so much. Better than not make the attempt and always wonder. Darrin refocused on Mitch's eyes, detecting a different kind of concern buried in them.

"Gggay, I'm gay too," Darrin said, swallowing hard. Grinning shyly he continued, "And I like cock too, especially yours."

"Oh is that right, College? So the months of peek shows for your benefit did pay off huh?"

Darrin felt the heat rise in his face as he answered, "Yeah Mitch, I think you're hot. Fuckin' hot!" Darrin felt his embarrassment peak as even his ears began to burn.

Mitch reached up and toyed with Darrin's goatee as he spoke. "So what are we here then? Fuckbuddies? Or . . . what?"

Darrin felt trapped, afraid he would answer wrong and lose Mitch. Steeling himself, he gave the truthful answer. "More, more than fuckbuddies. I . . . Yeah, more."

Mitch beamed at him. "Me too. Me too." 

Mitch pulled his face tight against Darrin's and kissed him hard, slipping his tongue into the hot mouth under his lips. Finally releasing him, both men gasped for air. Mitch reached up and started unbuttoning Darrin's shirt, running his hands through the light fur covering Darrin's chest. Moving his hands he flicked Darrin's nipples a few times until they were hard and contracted. Opening the final button, he pushed the shirt off Darrin's shoulders and let it drop to the floor. Leaning in he began nursing each nipple, nipping them with his teeth, caressing each one with his tongue. Mitch enjoyed the sounds coming from his lover, beginning to recognize the signs of Darrin's pleasure. He stopped and ran his fingers over Darrin's face and then kissed him again gently.

"So, how was that, babe?" asked Mitch.

Darrin leered at him. "My turn."

Darrin pulled Mitch toward him, bringing the sexy legs across his until Mitch was seated on his crotch, the sexual tension building. Suddenly hesitant, Darrin looked into Mitch's eyes.

"I want . . . I'd like to . . ." Darrin said, his words tumbling over each other.

Mitch ran his hand over Darrin's face. "What babe, what do you want?"

"I want to look at you. I want to taste and touch and lick and experience each inch of you. I know, I sound like a perv. I'm disgusting." said Darrin with his head turned.

Mitch reached up and turned his head so they were eye to eye again and Mitch smiled his agreement.

"Sounds fucking hot. Enjoy yourself." He leaned back slightly, lifting his arms to expose his thickly haired armpits as he ground his ass against Darrin.

Darrin leaned forward tentatively, moving his nose closer to Mitch's damp armpits. He inhaled and was overwhelmed with the faint musk emitted from the thickly forested pits. Losing his self-consciousness, he buried his face in Mitch's pits, licking and tasting the texture and smell of man as it coated his face. Moving from one to the other Darrin feasted uninhibitedly. His hands caressed the man he had ached to touch for almost a year. Running his tongue over Mitch's chest, he delighted in the flavor of freshly washed man. Mitch released a soft moan as Darrin began to work over his nipples, first one and then the other in a blur of sexual escalation. His hands scurried over Mitch's muscular back, feeling it ripple as Mitch became more excited. Wishing he could taste that delicious belly fur that was his first peek at Mitch's fantastic body, he settled for running his fingers through it and tugging gently. Hoping the spell didn't shatter soon Darrin felt his balls begin to churn as Mitch continued his writhing lap dance.

"Wait. Hang on." said Mitch, panting.

"What? What's wrong?"

Mitch kissed Darrin and rubbed his face. "Nothing you goof. I was just getting too close. I think it's my turn again. What do you think?"

Darrin nodded hesitantly, not certain he wanted Mitch to make a minute inspection of his body. Mitch moved off his lap, his briefs tented by his hard cock as he stood, his cockhead showing clearly through the saturated fabric. Taking Darrin's hand he pulled him to his feet. Darrin's cock also strained against the confines of the denim as it tried to rip its way loose. 

"Come on stud. Let's move somewhere more comfortable."

Mitch pulled him to the bedroom, moving Darrin before him as he sat down on the edge of the bed. Looking up Mitch cocked his head to one side, catching Darrin's eyes.

"Darrin, one rule . . . "

Darrin listened intently. Nervous and excited, but worried about what was about to be said.

"If you want something, when we are . . ." Mitch paused for the right words, "Being intimate, ask. If the other one doesn't want to do it then it's no big deal. But we can always ask. Alright?"

Darrin nodded in agreement.

"Darrin, I want to undress you, lick you all over and then suck your cock. What'd ya think?"

"Oh fuck . . ."

Mitch chuckled. "I'll take that as a yes."

"Oh yes, hell yes!" said Darrin beaming.

Darrin watched as Mitch opened the top button of his jeans, kissing the small patch of skin there. He slowly opened the zipper, working along the top of Darrin's underwear as he came closer to releasing the snake in Darrin's jeans. Gripping both sides of the denim, Mitch began to tug them down, chuckling as Darrin's steel hard cock got tangled. Slowly releasing the trapped dick, he watched the jeans drop, his cock waving in front of Mitch's face. Helping Darrin out of his socks, Mitch laughed softly as he witnessed the awkward balancing act. Darrin was amazed to see Mitch lift the discarded socks to his face and inhale.

"Very nice." said Mitch as he inhaled deeply again.

Darrin tensed as Mitch's face moved closer to his hairy groin. Hearing the swift inhale of Mitch's breath followed by a wet tongue through his pubic hair Darrin almost unloaded. Continuing his tour of Darrin's groin, Mitch licked and inhaled the strong scent of cum from Darrin's earlier load. His legs turned to jelly as Mitch's hand lightly grazed his nuts. Moaning, his breathing became ragged with need. Feeling Mitch's hand wrap around his balls, he responded with a loud moan and spread his legs wider. Mitch gripped his hips, pushing Darrin so that his lightly haired ass was facing Mitch, who quickly took advantage of the situation and licked across the cheeks, leaving a swath of liquid fire in his wake.

"AHHHHH SHIT!"

Mitch ran his hand over Darrin's butt. "You ok up there, stud? Everything good?"

"Ohgodyes. Fuck," said Darrin with a gasp.

Mitch returned to his methodical tasting of Darrin's ass as the latticework of licks almost overwhelmed Darrin again and again. Darrin gasped as his ass cheeks were opened and Mitch's hot tongue flickered just inside. Panting with the anticipation of Mitch's tongue over his hole, Darrin let out an inadvertent sigh of disappointment when his cheeks are released to close back over his hole. Finally Darrin felt the rough callused hands turn him again so his dripping cock was inches from Mitch's lips.

"Well stud. I think I've done everything I wanted . . . except this."

Panting with lust Darrin was unable to speak. His entire being centered on those few square inches where his cock extended from his body. Darrin almost drooled with anticipation as he felt Mitch's hand wrap around his throbbing dick. The electrically charged touch sent Darrin to the edge, his body jerking with convulsions of pleasure.

"Fuck! Close!" said Darrin gasping.

Mitch looked up and smiled as he slipped Darrin's cock in his mouth, sliding deeper until he felt the tickle of pubic hair against his lips. This was too much for Darrin's already over-whelmed system, his balls slapping against his distended cum tube as the white hot cum boiled from them. Darrin struggled to pull out but realized that Mitch held his hips tight, pinning Darrin's crotch against his lips. Waves of pleasure washed over him as his second orgasm of the night began. Looking down, he watched as Mitch swallowed several times, never losing his suction on Darrin's cock, letting it slip out as it softened in his mouth. Licking the last traces from his full lips, he smiled up at Darrin.
