 In high school I had been the best on my wrestler on my team. I had gone to state in the 195 weight class my junior and senior year but had never taken home the title. My sophomore year, before my growth spurt and finding my love of working out, I had lost at regionals in the 160 weight class; and freshman year I had been the Junior Varsity wrestler in the 145. I loved wrestling, it was pure aggression and domination over another human being. Reminded me of gladiators, which I always had a passion for.

Going into high school I had wanted to have the full high school experience. I wanted to be on the school teams, wanted to date the head cheerleader, and wanted to have a good time. Like the cheesy high school movies that are chock full of cliché stereotypes of the different cliques. Problem was that I get serious tunnel vision when I want something really bad. I got my first taste of wrestling when I was 7 and it was something to do during the winter months. It wasn't until high school and I started seeing what winning could bring people. The football team that had taken second in state were kings of the school and had girls fawning over them. I wanted that. Problem was that in high school I never took advantage of my winning ways. I was so concerned with winning state and trying to get the effects that that would bring me (Like I said, tunnel vision).

In elementary and middle school, I had had the normal dating experience. The kind where you talk on the phone once a week and go to a movie with parent supervision in the theater. A quick peck on the lips was the culmination of the sexual encounters I had going into high school. In high school, I thought I would get the feeling that all the other guys talked about, the one where I wanted to go all the way with the pretty girl. I was nervous my freshman year and was so engrossed in wrestling my sophomore year that I never even kissed a girl. I had discovered at that point porn and was masturbating every night, watching it on my phone on mute under the sheets.

I had watched only straight porn at that point. Some faceless guy with a huge veiny cock getting blown by some 19-year-old girl. Every night, except those that I was too tired, I would get my release that way. I found myself, my senior year, thinking about porn a lot. I was still a virgin after all. As I lay watching it one night, I found myself thinking about being in the act that I was watching. I subconsciously found myself thinking about being in the girl's position and taking that large rod into my mouth. When I realized what I was imagining I threw down the phone and rolled over. I had been raised Christian in the suburb of Dallas. It was not ok to be gay in my family.

So leaving high school and getting a partial college scholarship to a school in California, I resigned my summer to getting in the best shape I had ever been in. I wanted to be ready to prove myself to the coaches when I arrived on campus. I also was thinking about the college women I would meet (still had the nagging of that night where I imagined giving a blow job as well as a couple of wet dreams from my sexually repressed subconscious). I went to a team meeting at the beginning of the school to meet the team and coaches. After the coaches left the team captains handed out training regimens and diet plans to everyone. A team run three times a week and planned gym time three days a week with a day to ourselves until the season started in October.

That gave me a month to get settled into my new life in college. First thing was to move into my dorm room. My planned roommate had been a member of the football team, but he bailed to go to a school back east that gave him a better scholarship. I had an entire dorm room to myself. I put up some motivational posters, pushed the beds together and after putting my clothes away. I was ready to start my college year.

October rolled around quickly. My classes were easy (I had picked all intro classes, a PE class, and a pottery class) and only had classes Monday through Thursday. Things got a little tighter in my scheduling when the season started but I handle it ok. Like I said, I had pretty serious tunnel vision and during the season I didn't go out except to team functions, which was generally a work out. Every day after practice we would have to go shower together because of the nasty bacteria and viruses that lived in the wrestling mats no matter how much you cleaned them. Generally, the showers were boisterous but everyone kept to the unwritten rule that you kept your eyes up.

When you get a group of guys together though, eventually someone is going to show you their dick. Either it was a joke or someone asking if something looked wrong because they slept with some chick that had a reputation for getting around. During this time, Tom, the guy I was paired with normally in practice (a weight class above mine) and I became friends. He was from Oklahoma so we had the same background and, both being freshman, shared some classes together. He hung out in my room quite a bit because I had the place to myself.

As the season wore on he and I both were starting to feel the pressure of performing at this level while still maintaining our grades. It was very easy to devote your time to one or the other and not pay attention to everything else. When the semester ended we both stayed for the winter quarter, taking one class and making use of the facilities. We would spend long hours in the gym trying to make the moves second nature. Most of the team was still around but we had free run of the gym so it was odd to have more than two guys in the gym at once outside of team training.

It was after one of our solo practices together that I had noticed the blood in my body was not pumping as much to my muscles and more towards my cock. Every now and then the adrenaline gets a hold of you and you pitch a tent. Usually you take a minute, making an excuse about needing water, and then continued working out no problem. They also were normally half mast, this time however I could feel it getting bigger than normal. I called for a water break and we chatted for a minute, but it wasn't receding. I asked if we could call it a day, saying my break was feeling weird and I didn't want to risk an injury. Tom agreed and we headed to the showers.

As the warm water flowed over my body from the shower head I heard Tom coming, his shower flip flops gently smacking his feet as he stepped. The team shower room was a communal shower. No dividers between the heads, almost high school gym or prison style. As he entered I naturally turned my head to see who it was, of course it being him.

As he entered he asked, "how's your back?"

"Little tight"

"Nothing weird, but do you want me to work on it a bit?"

After a moment, "Yeah." I replied.

He came over and started putting his large strong hands on my back, working out the kinks that I actually did have. I lowered my head and closed my eyes, relaxing under the warm water and feeling the muscles in my back come looser.

After a few moments I heard Tom making a noise then say, "whoa dude."

Tom had been working on my shoulder a bit so he could see the front side of me, which was now sporting a large erection.

"Oh shit!" I exclaimed as I tried covering myself up.

As I turned away in shame, I looked back over my shoulder to gauge what Tom was thinking. That's when I noticed has dick starting rise up. Tom is a good looking guy. Tall and muscular like me with sandy blonde hair versus my dark brown. He was ripped with veins sticking out of his muscles, and as I watched his cock too.

"Um..." I said.

"It's cool man," He said as he approached slightly. "I'm going out on a limb here, but I'm gay. I've been into you but I didn't know how you felt. You know back where we come from you had to be careful about this kind of stuff, but now we are at college. We can be who we want to be."

He stepped closer again, and I thought about the wet dreams I had and that night I was jerking off. As I was thinking, I wasn't paying attention to Tom and when I came to he had his hands on my hip and the other was gently brushing the tip of my cock. I looked down at his hand, then his member, then at his mouth. I reached forward and grabbed him by the back of his neck and pulled him in tight. Our lips meeting in a deep kiss. Our tongues pushed forward aggressively into each other's mouths and pulled as tight as we could. Our dicks crossing and rubbing against each other, our hard muscles tightening as the squished together. My hand slid down his back and grabbed a handful or his tight ass. My pent up sex drive revving into full gear.

Tom picked me up, him being the stronger of the two of us, and carried me to the handicap stall that had a curtain and a seat. We stood for a few moments still kissing deeply, our tongues probing each other's mouths. Tom broke from the kiss first and begin nibbling at my neck, then down to my chest and my rock hard nipples, his hand reaching out to my 7-inch dick and gently stroking it. He pushed me back gently and I took a seat on the bench as he knelt on the hard tile in front of me. He gently kissed both my thighs, teasing me as he got closer and closer to my cock.

Finally, after a few moments of teasing he placed his lips around the head of my member. His tongue swirled around the head a few times then he started easing down until he had five inches of my cock in his mouth. Gently he bobbed his head up and down his tongues flitting around my dick. He grabbed my hips and pulled until my cock was slightly more up and my backside was open to him.

In a breathy way I muttered "No, not back there."

He pulled his head back from my cock and said "don't worry, I'm not going inside. You'll like it, I promise."

With that he leaned his head back down and licked my cock from the balls to the tip. His left hand came up and started to play with my balls and his right index finger gently began to swirl around my asshole. His mouth around my cock, his hand playing with my balls, and the brand new sensation of someone massaging back there was too much.

I let out a moan then a breathy "I'm gunna cum."

Tom only went hard as my toes curled, abs tightened, my balls released. I could feel my sperm shooting load after load into the back of Tom's mouth without him breaking stride. Once he knew I was fully drained he pulled back, mouth closed, and motioned to me. I leaned forward and we kissed again. I was not expecting to have my own semen be pushed back into my mouth. I had seen it in a couple of the pornos I had watched but it was always two women sharing it, never the guy. Surprisingly to me I didn't dislike it.

The salty mixture of my jizz and our saliva mixed together. He pushed it all into my mouth then sat back.

"don't swallow," he said hurriedly. "I want you to blow me with it in your mouth."

I hadn't thought about going down on him. I kind of wanted to shower and relax, the normal thing after you finish jerking off. I felt guilty thinking about saying no, since he had just released me, so after a moment we switched places. The hard tile with its little bumps dug into my knees as I knelt before Tom and his 8-inch cock.

"Do the best you can, I know you haven't done this before."

I nodded, mouth still full of the salty mixture. I leaned forward and put my mouth against the tip of his cock. I slowly slid down letting his cock part my lips so I wouldn't lose the mouthful of jizz and saliva. I got about 4 inches before I felt like gagging, at which I backed off. With my right hand I grabbed the rest of his dick and started slightly stroking it up and down while my head did the same motion. His cock became slippery and sticky at the same time as the mixture slipped from my mouth around his veiny member and down to where my hand stroked. I heard audible moaning coming from Tom and I looked up to see his hands gently rubbing his nipples as his head tilted back.

With my free hand I reached up and started playing with his balls. My mind slipped back to seeing those women in the porn doing this and I tried to mimic some of their tricks. I started rotating my hand around his cock, which received another moan. I pulled from his cock and started sucking on one of his balls while I played around with the other. My hand still pumping up and down and around on his rod. I thought of how some of the women would give a rim job while blowing the guy so I headed south from his balls and began to lick the crack of his ass. He slid forward on the bench to give me better access and I began to lick at his asshole. It didn't taste as bad as I thought, not great but not terrible. We had been in the showers before and had washed away most of the sweat and grime from earlier. After a few minutes of switching between his and cock and ass he finally said he was going to cum.

I didn't know what to do so I sat back a bit and watched as his cock pulsed and his semen came spurting out in a long ropes. I didn't know how far they would shoot and I took a bit on the upper chest and chin since I was still kneeling. After he recovered we showered again then went to the dining commons to get some food. We sat in a corner and talked about what happened. He had more experience than I did and I found myself wanting more. We ended up having sex on a regular basis for the next year. He trained me up. Sadly, he had to transfer closer to home when his mom got sick. We kept in touch for a while, but eventually lost contact as we both were busy.