 Alonso Lassiter strode jauntily towards the office of his Master and mentor Professor Evander Kell. Alonso was the Professor's assistant as well as a part time teacher of The Classics. Alonso was pleased as the Professor had secured them both, as well as four students, places at an established Egyptian archaeology site for three weeks of the upcoming summer break. Alonso loved practical archaeology and as an added bonus, once again Gatrack would be their Guide. Somehow the enigmatic man always managed to be available as a Guide no matter where or when he and the Professor went on their travels.

He tapped on the large, thick oak wood door and entered. The grey haired man sitting behind the oversized desk looked up and broke into a smile of pleasure. Despite being admittedly biased, the older man believed Alonso got more beautiful with each passing day. Luxuriant sable curls teased passed slender shoulders and were restrained in a tight ponytail. Chocolate brown eyes danced with the joy of living. The Cupid's bow lips were in a smile of happiness, displaying even white teeth. As the young man approached, Evander stood and walked round his table. Alonso stood a couple of inches shorter than the older man and was of a more slender frame. Without shame or discomfort, the two men embraced and Evander dropped a kiss on the upturned face. As the embrace ended, the older man cradled Alonso's chin and let his thumb run across Alonso's lower lip.

"How goes the preparations of our charges, Lon?" Evander asked.

"Well, Evander," the younger man replied enthusiastically. "Although it did take some time to persuade them that dinner suits would not be requisite," he added with a musical laugh.

Evander joined in the laughter. The image of four young, dinner suited gentlemen sitting in the desert dust around a small camp-fire immediately springing to mind. 

His thumb once again traced Alonso's lip.

"I remember when I did this for the first time," Evander said nostalgically.

"My father had left me with you and I was trying to be brave and not cry. I bit my lip so hard it swelled," Alonso whispered. "You were afraid I had been stung. It became a part of our lives, just as I became a part of yours. Thank you for raising me."

"It was no hardship, Lon," the older man assured. "You inherited your mother's beauty and your father's stubbornness and your intelligence from them both. I am only sorry they are not here to see the bright, beautiful and intelligent young man you have become."

"I might have been none of those things without the guidance you and Harry gave. I wish Harry would accompany us one time," Alonso said pouting.

"Harry detests anything that is not full of comfort and luxury. As usual he will await our return and for the three weeks thereafter I will indulge his every whim. Well ... most of them," Evander added with a mischievous wink.

"He's been as wonderful to me as you have, Evander. You and Harry have cared for me since I was eight years old. I'll never forget my blood parents, but I regard you and Harry as my parents as well."

"We knew we would never have a child, Lon," the older man said with tears brimming in his grey eyes. "But it has been our joy and our privilege to have you in our lives. You are regarded by us as our son. Now," he added more briskly, "if there is nothing more you need to do here, let us go home to Harry and enjoy the time the three of us have before the trip begins."

Smiling companionably, the two men left.

************

Gatrack's green eyes roved restlessly at the milling crowds seeking his first glimpse of the group he sought. He was aware of the blue orbs that regarded him with amusement.

"What?" he growled.

"This will not bring your friends any sooner, Gat," came the warm rasp.

"You have yet to meet Alonso, Viktor," Gatrack replied mysteriously. A half smile appeared on his face. 

It was half a smile as the other half of his face was affected by a palsy that inhibited much of such an expression. Gatrack stood a little over five feet tall, his spine slightly twisted. He wore Egyptian robes to try and disguise his infirmity, just as he wore his dark hair long and a shaggy beard to hide his facial defect. Viktor believed it actually drew more attention to the smaller man, but he owed so much to Gatrack, he did not want to jeopardise their friendship. The older man was always reluctant to talk about himself and that was something Viktor could empathise with. If Gatrack felt comfortable dressed as he was, that was his choice.

"Ah yes," the rasp held an amused tone. "A veritable Adonis amongst us mere mortals," Viktor laughed. "If you are to be believed," he added glancing sideways at the other man.

Gatrack was already appraising his younger companion. For all the banter, Viktor never normally bothered to greet their new clients. That was a chore he left to Gatrack when the older man was there. He regarded his friend affectionately. The shaggy blond hair was the colour of the desert sand. His eyes were the colour of its skies, although they could resemble the colour of stormy seas when the younger man was angry. Viktor was almost a foot taller and had a solid, powerful physique. Gatrack had met Viktor when travelling through Europe and they had developed a strong, if unusual, friendship. Gatrack always used Viktor when he had clients in Egypt, although he had sent the younger man to work in other countries. He had been absent when his friend had suffered an unpleasant experience at the hands of some American clients, but Viktor seemed resilient enough to have dealt with it and moved on. 

In a secret part of his heart, Gatrack hoped that Alonso and Viktor might find each in the other what they sought in their lives. Alonso was gentle, a nurturer and generous of heart, irrespective of the outside of the young man, Gatrack saw the inner beauty of Alonso's soul. He believed that Alonso's inherent caring nature would be the balm for his friend's more tortured spirit, healing past hurts. He also believed that Viktor's more forceful character and resilience would be a perfect counterpoint to and strength for, the younger man. He sighed quietly. That he had the friendship of these two attractive young men was a blessing he could never have dreamt of asking for. He knew that the friendship could never be more, although he fervently wished for his own life companion to love him faults and all. Movement ahead caught his attention and his half smile lit up his face. Without a second thought for the blond who was waiting with him, Gatrack darted into the milling crowds.

Viktor blinked as Gatrack moved suddenly. It always caught him by surprise at how swiftly the smaller man could move, despite his body's deformity. He followed Gatrack's movement and then felt as though he had taken a physical blow to the chest emptying his lungs of air. His heart hammered and his stomach fluttered and something deep in his soul screamed 'mine'. He knew instinctively, immediately, which of the group was Alonso even before Gatrack reached him. He knew it as surely as the sun would rise again in the East. He watched fascinated as the slender youth and smaller man met in a tangle of arms and bodies. Although taller, Alonso seemed to be enveloped by Gatrack, both men smiling in joy. Viktor forced down the surge of jealousy that threatened to burst forth. He registered the startled looks of the students at the open display of affection. Taking a fortifying breath, he strode forward. His eyes narrowed as Gatrack and Alonso disentangled and the grey haired man, obviously Professor Kell, put a possessive hand on Alonso's slender shoulder. Viktor growled. The man was far too old for the boy nor had Gatrack mentioned the boy spoken for. He struggled to remember that it was none of his business either way however, a seed of doubt regarding Alonso had been planted in Viktor's mind.

"I am Viktor Morte," he said formally as he reached the group. "I will be your Chief Guide and responsible for making any day to day arrangements for your needs. I can see that Gatrack needs no introduction," he added tightly.

Gatrack frowned. Viktor's posture and speech reminded him of how he had been behaving six months previously, following the American incident. He wondered what could have triggered the change in just a scant two minutes.

"Gatrack always tries to be available for our travels," Evander said amicably. "I'm Professor Kell, these are my archaeology students, Elias, Donald, Sam and Toby and this is my personal assistant Alonso."

Viktor nodded at the four intense, youthful faces, but his attention immediately diverted to the sound of his name from perfect pink lips.

"Viktor," Alonso tasted the name and found it delicious. The man was a veritable god, tall, powerful and devastatingly handsome. The younger man found himself suddenly nervous and hoping he did not embarrass himself in front of everybody. He extended his slim hand and found it enveloped by a larger, calloused paw.

Viktor was surprised when sparks were not visible in the air around him and the beautiful boy. He certainly felt them; from the top of his head to the tips of his toes. Heat pooled in his groin, leaving him thankful for the baggy pants and tunic he wore. As his lower regions throbbed approval of their physical contact, Viktor found himself drowning in eyes that were deep chocolate pools.

A sharp cough from the Professor had Viktor reluctantly release his prize, bringing both men back to the present and the others around them. Gatrack smiled as Alonso's face pinkened and his eyes dropped shyly. He was certain that Viktor's reaction would have been far less innocent and virginal.

"Lon, why not take the boys to the hotel and get them settled. Viktor, the Professor and I can discuss the more boring practicalities such as transport," Gatrack said.

"Good idea," Evander seconded.

Viktor stayed silent. He had no desire for the boy to leave his sight or his company. However, he found himself returning the shy smile that Alonso directed at him as he ushered the students past.

"I look forward to seeing you later, Viktor," he said, colour staining the sculptured cheek. "You too, Gatrack," he added.

Viktor nodded his agreement, his mouth seemingly unable to form the words necessary.

"Away with you," Gatrack laughed as he swatted playfully at the departing younger man, pleased that his friends seemed taken with each other.

************

The journey to the camp was progressing ideally for Viktor. They were using a battered truck, driven by Gatrack with the Professor sitting up front with him. To Viktor's delight, Alonso had eschewed sitting in relative comfort to sit in the back of the truck with the students...and next to Viktor.

"We often use horses for short journeys," Viktor said to the enthralled dark beauty. "Or for rides out into the desert itself."

"Do you think I might get to ride?" Alonso asked breathlessly. The idea of he and Viktor riding alone sent pleasurable tingles throughout the slender body. 

"I am sure I can arrange something," Viktor replied. The thought of he and the boy, alone in the vastness of the desert had his body warming in anticipation.

As they disembarked, Gatrack stood and issued his warning to Alonso and the students.

"You are not to wander around alone at any time. The desert is perilous in and of itself and there are other dangers that lurk within it. There is a camp not far from here that is strictly off limits. Under no circumstances must you be persuaded by any to visit it or even go near it. Its master is dangerous and cruel. Do not make arrangements with workers from the other camps. Anything you want or wish to see, come to Viktor, the Professor or me. Do not buy anything without one of us present. Viktor, do you wish to add anything?"

"Only to reiterate about the camp of Mahoud-el-Sidar. As far as the other workers on the site are concerned, one in particular should be avoided, a man by the name of Hamak."

Viktor growled the despised name. Hamak was exceptionally dishonest and dangerous and had clashed a few times with the blond. Due to Viktor, his stealing and gambling had been discovered. Hamak had made a great show of humility and repentance, begging to be kept in work to support his family. He had been retained at the site, but the promotion he had been manipulating for himself had evaporated before his eyes like a desert mirage. Hamak remained simply one of the local general workers who toiled at the site. It did not surprise Viktor that Hamak's black eyes spat venom at him whenever they met.

The next detail to attend to was the setting up of their camp. There were three reasonably sized tents for the group: one for the Professor and Alonso, one for Gatrack and Viktor and one for the four students. Each campsite kept some distance been itself and the next and at night camp fires and torches burned creating an illuminated avenue that stretched from the site out towards the desert. As the latest grouping to arrive, Professor Kell's people were furthest from the site and nestled against the dark dunes.

Alonso gazed with pleasure at the sight before him: the landscape of the desert stretching one way and the pyramid being excavated in the other. He was happy to be there, doing work he enjoyed with people he loved. 

Loved. 

His dark eyes glanced furtively to where Viktor stood to one side. Every time he looked at the blond, his stomach gave the strangest flip and heat seemed to suffuse his young body. It was a reaction like no other he had ever experienced. Viktor was the most handsome man he had ever seen. He gave his slim form a critical glance. As much as Harry and Evander spoke of his attractiveness, he was nothing compared to the god-man Viktor Morte. Why would anyone as magnificent as Viktor be in the least interested in a skinny scholar like him? He sighed softly and headed to his students.

Professor Kell gazed at Alonso's slender form. He and Gatrack had stayed up late the last night. Gatrack had spoken highly of the blond man, assuring Evander that he liked and respected the taciturn Viktor Morte. Gatrack's esteem counted heavily towards Evander being more comforted about the blond man being with his young ward, paying him court. 

Court. 

They were many miles from home and the one Evander would turn to for support was back there. He had hoped that any awaking thoughts of an amorous nature in Alonso would have been where he and Harry could have both been present to guide and advise. Alonso was young, but he was a man and had to be free, as a man, to make his own decisions. He glanced at the blond whose blue eyes followed Alonso's retreating body. This was one aspect of having responsibility for a child Evander wished he could avoid. He sighed softly and moved to join the youthful group.

Viktor's blue eyes followed Alonso's every move. He had never felt such an intense and immediate attraction to anyone before. On the one hand, Gatrack had described the dark beauty to perfection and yet, on the other, not described him at all. What did he know of Alonso? Orphaned, raised in the Professor's household, a teacher, intelligent, beautiful ...so very, very beautiful and desired.

Desired.

Was it nothing more than mere lust that governed him? He had avoided a relationship for many months. Why would a gorgeous, intelligent young man be in the least interested in a damaged soul like him? He sighed softly moving to the camp.

Gatrack watched all three with interest. He had seen the innocent response from Alonso and the way the boy cast shy glances at the blond. He had seen Viktor steal looks at Alonso when the younger man had not been looking, looks a man dying of thirst would never give up, not even for the sight of a cool oasis. He also saw the concern in Evander's eyes as the boy he loved as a son seemed to be experiencing his first stirrings of attraction.

Attraction.

Gatrack was certain it was more than that. Just as he was certain they would be a beautiful couple. However, he had not given thought of what would happen in just over two weeks when Alonso had to return home. He gave a heavenward glance: what would be would be. He determined to be there for all the men who shared a special place in his heart. He sighed softly as he descended into the camp.

************

The rest of the day sped by, already the third day of the trip. The young men were shown around the pyramid and the perimeter to familiarise themselves with their surroundings. They chatted to some of the other groups and saw the many and varied Guides and workers. Before being allowed anywhere on the site to begin practical work, they had returned to the camp and methodically checked their tools and what they were going to be permitted to do the next day. Finally, the four boys in particular, very tired they ended their day around the campfire. It did not take long for the students to excuse themselves to retire to their tent. Evander also stood and suggested he would be going to bed However before he could say anything further, Gatrack pulled up a blanket and reached to Alonso.

"Let us go and look at the stars for a few minutes," he said employing his best puppy-dog expression.

Alonso saw that Evander had been about to suggest that he also retired, but the younger man had hoped to spend some time with Viktor. He tried to hide a smile of delight as Gatrack prodded the blond with his foot.

"You can come with us, that way Evander can retire without worrying about us."

Viktor rose and followed the two smaller men. He had caught the frown on the Professor's face and chose to ignore it. He was happy to sit looking ostensibly at stars, when his attention would really be on Alonso. He smiled as Gatrack smoothed down the blanket and his smile widened when the smaller man arranged Alonso to sit in the centre. He took his place at Alonso's other side and his stomach fluttered at the smile of joy from the younger man.

"It is rare that I get the opportunity to simply sit and relax with treasured friends," Gatrack said.

The compliment warmed Viktor almost as much as the sheer presence of the beauty at his side. He smiled as he saw Alonso reward Gatrack with a hug and found himself wishing that the boy would so favour him. They sat in companionable silence for a while.

"You know there are many tales of love written in the stars: platonic love such as that of Castor and Pollux as well as love such as between Andromeda and Perseus." Gatrack gave his half smile as he saw both younger men now fascinated by the canopy of stars above them. He moved quickly and was already standing before Viktor or Alonso realised what he was doing. "Viktor, stay a few more minutes with Lon. It's a treat for him to be able to sit like this." He waved as he headed to camp.

Alonso could not help the shiver at Gatrack's words. It was a treat, but not for watching the night sky as on previous occasions. This time, the treat was Viktor's company.

Viktor glanced apprehensively at the younger man. Would Alonso be happy to be left with him? He took in the shiver from the slender body.

"Do you wish to stay a while?" he asked as he unwound a sash from his waist.

"If it is no trouble to you," Alonso murmured. "Gat didn't really present you with much choice."

"Stand a moment," Viktor instructed. He spread out the sash, which was just large enough for the two to sit on. He retrieved the blanket and as he sat next to the younger man, he wrapped the blanket around them. "Better?" he asked as the shivers ceased.

"Much," Alonso replied. He felt as though he had died and gone to heaven. He was pressed close enough to the older man to be able to smell the spicy cologne and the clean masculine scent of the blond. Unconsciously he pressed closer.
