 It all started a few weeks ago while I sat in a bar after a long day of searching through the want ads.

"How's it going?" said the clean headed muscle man who sat down next to me.

"Not the best," I said, looking up from the paper. "I've been slogging around town all morning, looking for a job."

"No luck?" he asked, looking me over with ice-blue eyes.

"Not really," I said. 

"Well," he said, motioning the bartender, "maybe I can take some of the sting out of that for you. Two more here, Ben."

I smiled and raised my glass, "Thanks." 

"Anything to help a struggling young man," he said, raising his glass. "I'm Tom."

"I'm Leo," I said, smiling. "It's nice to meet you."

I'll leave you alone with your paper," said Tom, picking up his fresh glass and standing, "but if there's anything else I can do for you, please, let me know."

"Sure," I said, smiling, "and thanks."

He gave me a little wiggle of the eyebrows as he left, but I didn't pay any attention. I went back to reading my want ads.

"Better be careful with that one, son," said Ben, the silver haired bar tender. "He's got a monster in his pants and he loves to use it to break in the freshmen."

"A monster in his pants?" I said. "What do you mean?"

Ben stopped rubbing the empty glass for a second and put both palms on the bar, leaning down to look me in the eyes. "What kind of a place do you think this is, kid?"

The want ads hit the bar top as I opened my eyes wide and really took in my surroundings for the first time. The bar was quiet and dark in the heat of the day, but there were none of the familiar trappings of the bars in the town where I grew up. There were no posters of ring girls hawking their favorite flavor of yellow beer, no tired eyed waitresses scooping up empties off the table, in fact, there were no women at all.

"Wait a minute," I said, eyes going wide, "what kind of a bar is this?"

Ben smiled, letting a row of even white teeth split his beard, "You really didn't know, did you?"

"This really is," I said, my throat suddenly dry, "a gay place."

"It really is," said Ben, his smiled unchanging.

"And that guy over there," I hazarded a glance at Tom, leaning against a high top table, "he was..."

"Trying to pick you up?" supplied Ben. "Yup, that's exactly what he was doing. He'll be glad to know that his penchant for picking the curious straights out of the crowd is still working."

"Curious straights?" I said. "You mean me?"

"You're the only straight guy in this gay bar," said Ben, "so I must mean you."

"But I didn't know," I said, sputtering, "in fact, I think I should just leave."

"Come on, Leo," said Ben, you can finish your beer. "No one is going to bother you. Look, I'll even go ever and tell Tom your story. He'll think its funny, just like me."

"You sure," I asked, looking around myself with suspicious eyes, "I don't want to have a problem."

"Don't be silly, kid," said Ben, slapping me on the shoulder. "Finish your beer."

I took a nervous sip as Ben walked over to tell Tom and his buddies my story. I managed a weak smile when they looked over and roared with laughter.

Ben came back a few minutes later and said, "See, no worries. Tom thought it was hilarious. He also said he'd buy you another beer to offset the misunderstanding, if you'd like."

I looked over at Tom, who was watching me, and raised my glass, "Thanks again," I said.

"So?' said Ben.

"So, what," I asked.

"Do you want the beer, even if you have to drink it with a bunch of queers?"

"I'm not like that," I said. "I don't think any less of you guys for what you do, and I'm broke as flat as the pavement, so sure, I'll have that beer."

As Ben was pouring, Tom sidled up to me. "Sorry about the misunderstanding, kid," he said. "I just assumed that you knew where you were."

"I'm new in town," I told him. "I haven't gotten everything figured out just yet."

"That's no crime," said Tom, his big hand slapping me on the back.

"Thanks again for the beers," I said, slurping the foam off the fresh one that Ben had just sat down in front of me.

"No thanks necessary, kid," he said. "It's all part of the dance."

"What dance?"

"The mating dance," said Tom. "You really are new to all of this, or you'd already now how it works."

"Well," I said, "I've picked up girls before."

"You straight guys have no idea," said Ben, chiming in. "You chase around after a piece of tail all night, walk her to the door, and hope to get a kiss."

"So?"

"Guys who met at the same time would have fucked before you'd been overcharged for dinner," said Tom, sipping at his beer.

"That fast?" I asked.

"You know how bad you want to fuck when you go out," said Tom, his eyes drilling into mine.

"Sure," I said.

"Just imagine if your date felt the same way."

"Wow," I said. "You guys must get laid all the time."

"We do alright," said Tom laughing, "and it's not just getting laid."

"It's not?" I said.

"Oh no," said Tom, it's a lot easier to get your cock sucked too."

"The girls back home never wanted to do that," I said, remembering how disgusted Mary Ellen had been when I asked her after prom.

"Some guys like to do nothing else," said Tom.

"Really?" I said, eyes far away as I sipped my beer.

"I've walked into a bar and had a stranger swallowing my joint within fifteen minutes," said Tom.

"Me too," said Ben, "and I didn't have to sent flowers the next morning either."

"Wow, you guys are lucky. I just moved here, and I don't have a job, so I can't even get girls to look at me. I haven't been laid in three months."

"Three months," said Tom, grimacing and adjusting his package. "I think I'd die."

"Me too," said Ben, "or at least go postal on some customers. I honestly can't imagine."

"So how long has it been for you guys," I asked, curious.

"Two days," said Ben, "but then, I worked a double shift last night."

"Depends on what you mean," said Tom.

"What I mean about what?" I asked.

"Well if you mean fucking, then it's been a couple of days, but if you count sucking, then it's been about an hour and a half."

"An hour and a half," I said, "and you're already hunting more."

"I just sucked a guy off and he didn't do me, so if anything it made me hornier."

I took another drink of beer and realized that I was picturing Tom with a dick in his mouth. Not only that, I was getting hard in the process.

"Was that your stock broker," asked Ben.

"Yeah," said Tom, rubbing the meaty bulge in the front of his Levis, "he loves to use my mouth. I just hope his wife never finds out."

"He's married?" I asked.

"Sure, kid," said Tom, his hand landing on my shoulder again, "straight guys do it all the time."

"They do?"

"Sure they do," said Ben, leaning over the bar, "either they've got a wife who won't put out, or they just like boys. Either way, lots of straight guys get sucked off by us fags."

"Wow," I said, taking another drink, feeling the conversation having a definite impact on my cock, which by now was fully hard.

"You ever seen two guys together?" asked Ben.

"No," I said, shaking my head. Tom's hand was still on my shoulder, and I found myself not wanting him to move it. 

"Would you like too?" asked Tom.

"Who?" I asked, laughing. "You two?"

Ben stood up straight and looked around the bar, "I could probably sneak into the back for a few minutes," he said.

"I'm game," said Tom, standing and rubbing that growing bulge in his denims again, "are you?"

That was the question. I'd never thought about any of this before, but it had been so long, and it was right there in front of me.

"Maybe if I could just watch," I said.

"Come with me," said Ben, coming out from behind the bar and leading us back to the office.

He opened the door, "You guys make yourselves comfortable back here and I'll sort out the bar. Back in a flash."

The door closed behind him and Tom pulled his t-shirt over his head.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"He said get comfortable, Leo, and I'm never more comfortable than when I'm naked, are you?"

He had me there. I watched him rubbing his hands over his broad, hairy chest and felt my hands start to move of their own accord. Before I knew it I was pulling my shirt over my head.

"There you go," said Tom, moving closer, "you've got a very nice body." He reached out a hand and rubbed my chest. "Nice and firm," he said.

I was just getting ready to protest when he pulled away. As much as I wanted him to stop touching me, I wanted his hands on me more. I leaned forward when he pulled away, catching myself at the last moment before I would have fallen. Luckily, Tom had kicked off his shoes and socks and was taking down his pants, so he didn't see me.

I pulled off my shoes and watched Tom place his pants on the desk. I know my mouth must have been hanging open, because he had the biggest, thickest cock that I'd ever seen. It was at least ten inches long, and fat, like a sausage. He'd trimmed the hair around the base to draw attention, and boy did it. I immediately wanted to feel it in my hand.

"You like what you see?" he asked, smiling and taking his cock in his hand, giving it a slow stroke.

I snapped out of my reverie and looked away, "It's just so big," I said, kicking off my pants, sneaking another look at it. "I've never seen one like that."

"Yours is nice too," he said, nodding at my cock, now fully hard and dripping a steady stream of precum. "So shiny and pink, it looks very happy."

My cheeks flushed, I'd never imagined myself in this situation, cock hard from looking at another man.

Ben saved me from an explanation. He opened the door and smiled as he shut it. "Looks like you boys made yourselves right at home," he said, tearing his t-shirt over his head.

"We were just comparing cocks," said Tom, waving his whopper around like a snake, "the kid likes mine, and I like his."

"Yeah," said Ben, nodding as he kicked off his shoes and struggled to get his pants down, "couple of real nice specimens there." He stood between us, and as he said it he extended both hands and grabbed our dicks.

It was a surprise to feel another man's hand on my dick, but a good one. Ben's hand curled around my shaft softly, and then gave it a good stroke. My eyes closed in pleasure. I didn't object.

"Now Ben," said Tom, smiling as his meat was manipulated, "you know that Leo is just here to watch. I must insist that you unhand him."

My eyes opened and I watched as Ben's hand left my dick. "Sorry, Leo," said Ben, "what can I say? You've got a beautiful cock. I couldn't resist."

"Mmm-kay," I mumbled, barely able to breath.

"Here," he said, taking my hand and placing it on my aching joint, "you do it, while Tom and I get re-acquainted."

With that Ben turned to Tom and grabbed his huge cock with both hands, pulling him closer. Ben was no slouch in the dick department either, and their cocks met in the middle of their beefy bodies as they began kissing.

I gasped. My cock was in my hand and I was watching one of the hottest things that I'd ever seen. Tongues dueled in the low light of the office, cocks bounced and rubbed together.

"Suck my titties," said Tom, pushing Ben's head toward his chest. Ben was happy to do so, soon nursing at Tom's quarter sized nipples until they stood out from his chest.

Ben didn't stop there; after the tits were attended he quickly dove for Tom's cock. I moaned as I realized what was going to happen, and Ben looked up and caught my eyes, just as he sucked Tom's cock into his hot, wet mouth.

Watching that massive piece disappear into Ben's bearded face, and then come out all slick and shiny, was one of the hottest things that I'd ever seen. I spit in my hand and rubbed it over the tip of my cock, moving closer to them.

"Here," said Ben, pulling his mouth off of Tom's cock for a moment, "allow me." He moved his mouth towards my cock, and just when I thought he was going to swallow me, he spit. "Better mine than yours," he said before going to work on tom again.

I edged even closer, now standing shoulder to shoulder with Tom while Ben sucked him off.

"What do you think," said Tom, "pretty fucking hot, huh?"

"Hot," I said, trying to look everywhere at once.

"It's alright, kid," said Tom, throwing an arm over my shoulder and pulling me into his muscular body.

I melted then. I turned and opened my lips, closed my eyes, and felt Tom's tongue enter my mouth. 

I'd never kissed a man before, but that didn't matter. I sucked on his tongue like I was born to it, pressing my naked body against his, feeling its warmth.

That's when I felt the best feeling I'd ever had. My gasp broke the kiss, and Tom was soon busy sucking on my nipples. I looked down and saw my cock reappearing out of Ben's greedy mouth.

"Sorry," said Ben, smiling and going back to work on Tom. "I know, I'm not supposed to touch, but your beautiful cock was rubbing my cheek, and I just had to have a taste."

"It's OK," I said, my cock following his face.

"What's OK?"

"You know what," said Tom, letting my nipples rest for a second, "he likes it."

"Really?" said Ben, sticking out his tongue and dabbing the sensitive spot on the underside of my cock head.

"Ben," said Tom.

"I want to hear him say it," said Ben, smiling maliciously. "I want him to ask me to suck his straight cock."

They both looked at me.

"Please," I said, fighting to get the sound out through a throat that felt like it was closing, "please suck my cock."

And the feeling came back. Ben, used to the enormity of Tom's organ, had no trouble with my six-incher. It vanished back into his bearded mouth as soon as I gave him permission.

Tom grabbed my chin and kissed me, his tongue exploring deep in my mouth. He pulled away and I let him, overwhelmed by the sensations that were flooding my brain. Then he knelt beside Tom.

"My turn," he said, taking my cock from Ben and swallowing it whole. His lips formed a perfect seal as he sucked me deep into his throat. Not to be outdone, Ben leaned down and began tonguing my balls. One by one he sucked them into his mouth, rolled them around, and then switched. Occasionally they would switch off, sharing for a few seconds, tongues kissing on the head of my pulsating prick, until one of them would take pity on me and swallow me again.

I could feel the pressure building in my balls, and knew that I was about to cum. I was just about to say something when I heard Ben say..."

"Well he's no one-minute wonder, I'll give him that."

"I think I know something that might help," said Tom, handing cocksucking duties back to Ben and moving pulling me forward. He placed his hand on my back, bending me over. I began to resist, but Ben's sucking mouth had me in a very compliant state. I was soon, just where he wanted me. Suddenly the best blow-job of my life took a backseat to what was happening around the back. I heard Tom spit, and then felt his tongue dig in to my tight little rosebud. I didn't think I could feel any more pleasure, but when he began eating my ass I felt like the top of my head was going to lift off. Everywhere my body moved was pleasure. Forward, I felt myself pumping into Ben's hot throat, and when I pulled back it allowed Tom's questing tongue to delve deeper into my ass. 

I was sweating and moaning like a madman when I finally felt my seed start to rise. "I'm going to cum," I said, feeling the white hot cum boiling up out of my balls.

"Mmm-hmm," said Ben, sucking me all the way into the back of his throat and holding me there. Tom had another surprise, as he slipped two fingers into my spit-lubed asshole and massaged my prostate vigorously.

Then, I'm pretty sure that the top of my head did blow off. I bucked violently, but Tom kept the pressure on my prostate with his fingers, and Ben took every trace of my load in the back of his hot, grasping throat.

I could have gotten the guilts then. When the pleasure wore off, I found myself exactly where I was, in the back room of a gay bar with one man's mouth on my cock and another man's fingers up my ass. I could have run away, but I was I the hands of experts.

Ben released my cock from his throat, but he didn't give it up completely. He began sucking up every little drop of cum, cleaning my balls, all very tender. Tom pulled his fingers out of my ass, but had replaced them, once again, with his tongue. Whatever guilt threatened to wash over me was quickly swept aside by the intense pleasure that both men continued to give me.

"That was incredible," I said, as soon as I had regained the power of speech.

"I knew that you'd like it," said Ben, taking one last, long suck on my resurrected cock before standing and thrusting his tongue into my mouth. I didn't expect it, but was into it. I sucked on his tongue and tasted my own cum, salty and sweet. He drew back and I followed, wanting more.

"We've got a live on our hands here, Tommy," he said.

"I knew it the moment I saw him," said Tom, pulling away from my ass and standing behind me.

I could feel his cock rubbing against my leg, and took its silky hardness into my palm, stroking it slowly.

"That feels nice," he said, his voice a sexy whisper in my ear.

I was past thinking about straight or gay at that point, I was just hot. I dropped to my knees so fast that they slid on the carpet. I put my face up next to Tom gigantic tool, looked up into his eyes, and slid the head of it into my mouth.

It was so big that it almost chocked me. I could only get the head into my mouth, but the salty precum that streamed out of the tip was a constant reminder that I had a man's cock in my throat. The whole time he and Ben were looking down on me, coaching and giving pointers.

"Watch the teeth," said Tom, "cover them with your lips." Then, "Mmm, that's better. Ok, now pump the shaft with your fist, right, just like that."

By the time I felt Ben's cock tickling my cheek I was getting the hang of it. I switched off, taking his seven-incher deep into my throat and fighting off the gag reflex, all while stroking Tom's cock with my left hand.

"This one is a quick learner," said Ben, smiling down on me while I swallowed him.

"The best ones always are," said Tom leaning down and pushing my head away from Ben's lap. "That was great for appetizers," he said, "but I'm ready for the main course."

"What's that?" I said, standing, my hand reflexively going to cover my ass.

"Don't worry, baby," said Tom, patting me on the head. "I'm not going to put this up your ass. I'm going to put it up his ass."

Ben was obviously down with the program, because as soon as he heard those words he hopped up on the table and spread his legs wide.

"There's lube in the left desk drawer," said Ben, "and condoms, could you grab them for me, Leo?"

My fumbling hands found the items and offered them to my teachers, who were locked in a hot kiss.

"Thanks," said Tom. "Now, I'm going to show you how to fuck an ass, you ready?"

"Sure," I said, my cock fully hard again.

"First," he said, "stick out your finger."

I did, and it was soon covered in the slick, gel-like lube. As soon as my finger was slathered with it I was rubbing it across Ben's pink asshole, slipping and sliding across the sensitive nerve endings guarding his ass. I pushed with my index finger, and was surprised when it slid right in. I added another finger and another until I was jamming three fingers in and out of his clutching shoot.

"Very good," said Tom.

"Very, very good," moaned Ben, his eyes closed and his cock straining for liftoff.

"Now," said Tom, rolling a condom down the length of his huge tool, "even though Ben is nice and lubed up, always put a little on the head of your cock." He covered the latex with a thick coating of lube and then lined his cock up with Tom's browneye.
