 Milton just minded his own business right before midnight. He spent the last half-hour reading a novel in his living room. The thirty-eight-year-old man would usually decide to watch TV shows from his online subscriptions. But now, he was in the mood to delve straight into classic literature. He read the first few chapters of Cervantes's Don Quixote while listening to classical music on his stereo system. Reinhold Gliere's Harp Concerto had played at a low volume.

Milton immersed himself in the author's timeless words on a calm Saturday night. Higher temperatures had settled in the city of Simi Valley, which experienced a serene atmosphere in the beginning of August. The air conditioning was kept on, even as the heat had already died down after sunset. The weather in California would stay this way for the next week or so. Milton didn't mind the hot and dry summer days. With the city receiving a much-needed cooldown in the evening, the man continued to read Don Quixote while the second movement of Gliere's Harp Concerto reached his ears.

But then, he began to hear a strange noise. He stopped reading and concentrated on what could have been right outside his door. It sounded like footsteps, followed by a slight thud. Milton turned off his stereo system and set his book on the coffee table. He grew cautious as he a burglar could have infiltrated the place at the worst possible time.

Milton reached the front door and took a peek through the peephole. The light on the front porch revealed something on the floor. It appeared to be a person lying flat on the concrete. It started squirming in a slow fashion. Milton opened the door. He immediately recognized the man on the floor.

He shook his head in shame. "Did you have to use a Lyft to get here?"

Keith slowly sat up straight. "Hello, Milton. What're you doing in my house?"

Keith was Milton's next-door neighbor. The twenty-six-year-old man had a wife and a steady job. He had blond hair, and currently wore a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt. He also squirmed like a typical drunk man who fell to the ground.

Milton crouched down. "You're at the wrong house. Yours is right next to mine."

Keith giggled as he brushed a few strands of his blond hair away from his face. "You're funny, you know that?"

He was clearly inebriated. Milton just had to wonder how many margaritas he had in order to be like this. He tried to bring Milton up off of the floor, but the younger man almost fell right back down.

Sighing, Milton pulled him into the house and closed the door. "Do you have your keys?"

Keith chuckled as he slowly checked his pockets. "I think I left them somewhere. Maybe back at the bar. Or maybe back in fifth grade."

Milton couldn't help but feel amused by Keith's lack of awareness due to his excessive alcohol level.

"Well, I hope your wife is home."

Keith waved it off. "She's got to be sleeping right now. Maybe she's having a nightmare about llamas."

Milton almost laughed. "Come on. You're going to have to rest."

He brought him back up off of the floor and led him into the living room. He laid the married man down on the sofa.

"Let me get you some water."

Milton went into the kitchen and grabbed a cold bottle of water from the fridge. He returned to the living room and felt relieved when he found Keith in the same position as before. He lay flat on the sofa and gave a smile.

He couldn't stop giggling. "Hello, Milton. I didn't expect to see you here."

Milton handed him the water bottle. Keith rubbed his eyes. "Jeez. I can't remember how many drinks I had."

Milton replied, "You don't have to."

Keith took a long sip of water. He let out a loud sigh when he finished. "That's refreshing."

Milton sat down beside him. "Man, your wife isn't going to be pleased when she finds out about this."

Keith sat up from the sofa. "She doesn't have to. I'll be good as new tomorrow morning. She'll see."

Milton rolled his eyes. "Yeah, right."

Keith checked the brand label on the water bottle carefully. "Oh, it's my favorite."

Milton chuckled. "Mine, too."

Keith leaned his head from left to right to produce a cracking sound from his neck. "Oh, it feels so good to be here."

"Yeah, I'm sure you are."

Keith's tone of voice had become a little more flamboyant than usual. "I think I should stay here for a little while. I like you. You're the best company a man can get."

"I'm flattered."

For some odd reason, Keith licked his lips and crept a little closer to Milton. "Let's hush up about this. I don't want my wife to know anything."

"What are you talking about?"

Keith rubbed his fingers against Milton's bare arm. "I've always dreamed about this moment."

The married man mimicked a mild kiss with his lips. "I wish we could stay together. It'll be fun. You and me in paradise."

Milton stood up from the sofa. "Stop it. You'll do a lot better than this tomorrow morning. Come on. Get some sleep. You're going to need it."

Keith moaned as he showed off his charismatic smile. "I'm glad you're here. My wife won't suspect a thing."

Milton turned around and went upstairs without saying another word. He had stayed single since his high school years, but he did have an attraction to the same sex. However, he wasn't in the mood to lure in a man who became intoxicated. Milton would never take advantage of someone like Keith at the moment. It wasn't a part of his character.

Milton entered the master bedroom and decided to end the night with an unfinished book. The music from Gliere's Harp Concerto still lingered in his thoughts. He decided to brush his teeth in the bathroom. When he finished, he heard something in his room. He put his toothbrush and toothpaste away before he left the bathroom. To his surprise, he found Keith lying on his king-sized bed. The blond man lay on his back with a smile on his face.

Milton asked, "What are you doing?"

Keith sat up with a bigger smile. "Oh, I've got a confession to make. I really want your dick tonight."

That almost startled Milton. "Say that again?"

Keith chuckled. "Let me see your dick for a minute."

The married man sat up straight and licked his lip. "I'm in the mood for some really good dick tonight. I'm sure yours is calling for me."

Milton slowly tilted his head to the side. "Are you sure you're being yourself right now?"

Keith brushed away several strands of his blond hair from his forehead. "I already told you. My wife won't suspect a thing. This'll only be between you and me. Come on, now. Give me your big cock."

He got down on his knees in front of Milton. He grabbed Milton's belt and unbuckled it for him. Milton didn't do anything. He was, for the most part, entranced by Keith's behavior. He wasn't certain if it was the alcohol that forced him to follow an illogical ideology, but he couldn't bring himself to stop him. Keith didn't act his usual self at the moment. He unzipped Milton's pants and pulled out his fully-erect penis.

Keith moaned as he grasped the cock lightly in his hand. "Oh, shit. It's better than I expected."

He leaned forward and kissed the tip of the cock. His warm lips gave Milton a more valid reason to feel entranced by the former's behavior. The older man just didn't know how to process this new information. He had never seen Keith like this before. He would be the type of guy who would get freaky with his own wife, but not with someone of the same sex.

Keith slowly licked the cock in all directions. Milton's stiff dick was now drenched in saliva.

Keith whispered, "I already love it so much."

Even his tone of voice had grown slightly more feminine than usual.

Milton couldn't help but look down at his neighbor. Keith opened his mouth wide and stuck the dick inside. He moved his head back and forth as he consumed the dick in a slow tempo. Milton could feel the tip of his cock reaching the back of Keith's throat before it moved deeper into his gullet.

Milton just had to say something. "But why?"

Keith couldn't say anything as he had the other man's dick inside his mouth. He expressed no shame in his personal project as he didn't force himself away from it. He kept cramming it deep into his throat. It would be impossible for him to breathe properly as the dick almost blocked his windpipe. But he didn't stop. He didn't demonstrate any form of struggle. He just took Milton's cock and grew more submissive for the night.

Milton could have questioned his neighbor's irrational thoughts made possible by the alcohol. But miraculously, he couldn't say anything. He just let Keith do his thing. He pushed his hips forward, giving Keith even more of his dick. The blond-haired husband continued to move his head back and forth. He showed no signs of ceasing his operation. He would have no reason to give up after being so flirtatious.

Milton could feel a familiar sensation brewing from within. His ejaculation would be inevitable if Keith didn't bring his obedient nature to a halt. He grabbed Keith's hair and pushed his hips at a quicker pace. Keith still had enough energy to choke on the dick. His eyes had widened as Milton gained more control of the situation. Milton made his intentions clear. Thanks to Keith's naughty demeanor, the older man felt blessed to have this man invited in the house.

Keith moaned as the tip of the cock still reached down into his gullet. Milton growled as he felt the eruption being brought into reality. He pulled Keith's head closer into the cock that rammed him from the top. Large spurts of his cum flooded the inside of Keith's mouth. He could feel him sucking all the semen and swallowing every ounce of it. Keith became the one that received a man's personal resources, and his current reactions definitely meant he had no remorse.

Keith pulled Milton's cock out of his mouth. He smacked his lips as he gave the other man a big smile.

"Warm and thick. Just the way I like it."

Milton took one step back. "You swallowed all of it?"

Keith giggled. "Of course. Why would I want to let you down? You've got a good dick."

"Well, thanks."

Keith took off his shirt. "Go ahead. Take me."

Then, he took off his blue jeans and boxer shorts. "Use me."

Milton couldn't resist. He pulled down his own pants and underwear. Keith lay on the bed once more.

"Join me. Give me that dick. Fuck me hard."

Both men were now completely naked. Milton's dick was still drenched in saliva, but it was already ready for its next run.

"Sure, why not?"

Milton and Keith were now on the bed. They stood on their knees on the mattress as they engaged in their first kiss. Milton pressed his warm lips against Keith's own. He held on to Keith's arms as the latter reached down and caressed the bigger dick, which waited for its reawakening after being fully stimulated. Keith's lips seemed so appropriate. Milton's mood had changed. He stopped wanting to go to sleep. He decided to grow just a little closer to his neighbor.

Keith whispered, "Lie down. I'll give you a good time."

Milton lay on his back and waited for Keith to continue on being his unusual self. The married man was now on top of Milton's lap. He got down on his knees and lowered himself on Milton's thick throbbing dick. Both men faced each other as Keith was the one initiating the ritual, despite his incoherent thoughts.

He placed his hands on Milton's shoulder and said, "Let me get that big cock."

The tip of Milton's cock touched the edge of Keith's hole. Milton didn't object to the other man's playful manner. He just lay on his back and waited for his dick to be put to good use.

Keith lowered himself. The massive cock slid inside his hole.

He gasped. "...Oh!"

Milton could feel Keith's entire body shiver from having such a long hard cock enter him. But the blond man didn't stop. He refused to resign from his position after being clearly enthusiastic toward it. He slowly moved his hips up and down. The cock slid in and out of his hole. Milton still felt surprised by Keith's actions. The man shared a healthy relationship with his wife. He seemed to have no intention of breaking his loyalty to her. This night changed everything. Keith had become a completely different person. One who was persuaded by alcoholic beverages to express his true feelings. Or so Milton thought.

The older man placed his hands on the sides of Keith's hips. Keith didn't stop his slow and delicate motions. He continued to move his hips up and down. He stared at Milton with a flirtatious gaze, something that Milton had never seen before until now. Keith exhaled louder as he moaned after every downward motion. 

"Oh, your cock is incredible."

Milton accepted the compliment with glee. "I appreciate it."

Keith's way of stimulating Milton's cock made the latter grow more fond of this new side of him. He watched as the married man became a willing participant. He had forgotten about his marriage and decided to join Milton's world. Being intoxicated must have helped him strive for this type of greatness.

And Milton wanted more of it. This changed man gave him a new appetite. He wanted Keith to be more subservient, to be a man that Milton wanted him to be. This was a relationship that already spoke high volumes.

Keith moaned. "Oh, your cock feels so good!"

He didn't stop moving his hips in a steady rhythm that accelerated. He looked down at Milton with eager eyes. Having Milton's cock slide inside him made him wince in pain. Despite the sharp sting, he resisted the decision to bring everything to a halt. He moved his hips with passion. It seemed that he had no intention of surrendering to alternate fates.

Milton breathed through his gritted teeth. "Here it comes."

"Yes! I want it all in me."

Milton's grip on Keith's hips tightened as he made his presence known in the married man's hole. His thick cum spilled out of his shaft and flooded the walls that surrounded it. Keith stopped moving his body. He must have felt the warm contents from within. Milton spotted a thin trial of his semen dripping out of the other man's plugged hole. Keith didn't show any shock. He received Milton's juices as an optimistic gesture.

He bent down and gave Milton a long passionate kiss. He whispered, "I could have your dick inside me for as long as possible. I hope you feel the same way."

Milton felt satisfied with the outcome. "Oh, I do."

Keith smiled. "That's good to hear."

But the older man's appetite for pure obedience lasted longer than usual. He still wanted more of Keith's unfamiliar features.

"It's not over."

He sat up and brought Keith closer to him. Keith sat in his lap, still facing him. Milton started to thrust his cock upwards, making Keith's entire body go up and down. Milton held him tight as the two of them extended their engagement by choice.

Keith gasped. "Oh, shit! It feels so good when you fuck me!"

Milton sat in bed as he thrust his cock faster and deeper inside his neighbor. Keith's blond hair flew in the air during every upward thrust. He swung his head back as he squeezed his eyes shut and left his mouth open wide. The pained expression on his face made Milton want to keep going without any interruptions. Milton's embrace, coupled with his skyward motion, made the bed produce faint creaking noises.

Keith cried out, "Oh, God! Don't stop fucking my ass."

Both men grew hotter from their aggressive interaction. Drops of sweat dripped down their skin and landed on the sheets. The master bedroom felt hot and humid even with the air conditioner still on. Milton couldn't stop staring at Keith's look of pain and pleasure. The drunken husband still squeezed his eyes shut and left his mouth wide open. Milton's dick must have produced a sharp sting that also brought a heavenly feeling. Milton easily recognized it. He wanted Keith to stay this way. He kept fucking his neighbor. He added more fuel for his adrenaline by hugging Keith tighter and making his thrusts even stronger.

Both men were locked in their embrace. Milton kissed Keith on the neck. Keith's moans had reached a higher volume.

"Oh, give me more of that dick! Don't stop fucking me! I want it!"

They kissed each other during their rough ride on the bed. Their lips locked, with neither of them willing to pull away. Their kissed lasted long. They had to breathe heavily through their nostrils. Keith's recurring moans had been partially obstructed by their kiss. This entire situation made Milton want to stay in Simi Valley and keep his neighbor as his pet for the rest of his life. Keith proved to be a worthy companion, a man who engaged in frivolous activities without his wife. Milton hoped this would be the beginning of an unbreakable liaison that lasted for years.

He growled. "Oh, take it. Take it all!"

Keith screamed. "Oh, fuck!"

The final climax of the night brought the two of them closer together. Milton held Keith tightly in his arms as the younger man swung his head back and wailed like an innocent creature being taken advantage of at the right time. Milton gritted his teeth. More of his warm cum spilled into Keith's tubular passage. Both men grew tense as their intimate interaction had reached its highpoint.

Keith relaxed in Milton's embrace. They drew deeper breaths as a result of their vibrant motions. More drops of sweat dripped down their warm skin. Keith looked directly into Milton's eyes. Their silent stare was an almost divine experience. They silently acknowledged the new direction of their relationship. Keith gave Milton a long kiss. Milton didn't want them to let go of each other. The kiss made him accept this new version of his neighbor made possible by the alcohol he consumed earlier tonight.

They gently rubbed their noses together as a sign of their affection. Keith whispered, "I love it when you're inside me."

Milton replied, "Yeah. I do, too."

They lay down in bed together. Milton finally pulled out of Keith's tight hole. After finishing their sensuous developments, they held each other as they lay naked together.

Keith rested his head on Milton's shoulders and whispered, "You're the best. I'm so glad my wife doesn't have to know about this. We got something good here, and nothing's going to spoil it for us. Right?"

Milton sighed. "Right."

Keith giggled. "You're going to be happy that I'm your neighbor. You can fuck me for as long as you want. I'll be waiting."

Milton whispered to himself, "Tomorrow morning...is going to be VERY interesting."

It was going to be a very interesting morning indeed.