 I've been sharing my sexual fantasies and some of my more erotic experiences for a number of years now. Writing for literotica.com has become a most useful avenue for the release of my pent up sexuality and my need for self expression.

Those who know me are aware of the fact that I'm a middle-aged, married, closeted bisexual living in a small rural community. Knowing that, it's easy to imagine my frustration... 

When I was 17, I was hitchhiking and was picked up by a man who proceeded to spend the next hour explaining the advantages of bi-sexuality. At the time I was very homophobic and would have nothing to do with such an idea. I remember feeling very uncomfortable. I certainly understood why he wouldn't want to rule out half of the population— he was old. Maybe 50 even...

Now I'm "that guy." (And I never saw it coming.)

Over the course of time I've developed a few on-line relationships with some of my readers. I enjoy knowing that there are people reading my stories and enjoying some sexual release.

Last month I received an email from a reader, feedback as it were. He complimented me not only on my writing but more importantly he wanted to thank me for my choices of subject matter. Although my writings vary, he wanted me to know that he appreciated the love that I write into the interaction between all of my characters.

That message really warmed my heart. I am a believer in physical expressions of love, whatever they may consist of. It saddens me to think of sex as anything but a gift of pleasure given by one lover to another (or however many others.)

I wrote him back and expressed my gratitude to him for sharing that compliment.

We began emailing back and forth for the next week. It turned out that we were very similar individuals in very similar circumstances. We shared fantasies and scenarios that we wished we could be involved in. On-line we really hit it off. He wasn't just another guy in a similar situation though. He was interesting to chat with even after we'd both released sexually.

We exchanged photos. I sent an honest full length snapshot of my nude "Dad-bod" with my glasses, gray hair and white mustache. My cock stood at about half-mast so it was close to it's full 7" but still looking at the floor. (I saved the picture because it may be my last best...)

He sent a picture of himself in cut-off shorts standing in the sunshine by his truck. He too had salt and pepper hair and the less than washboard torso look, but over-all he too was an attractive man. We were about the same size it looked like from our pictures. 

I remember being disappointed that he didn't send a "dick-pic" but I didn't push for it because we were developing a fond rapport and I didn't want to ruin it.

As time passed we became closer and slowly revealed more personal information. When we finally revealed our locations it turned out that we lived 20 minutes apart. 

It was at that moment that I knew I had to ask him. 

For years I've enjoyed masturbating to the idea that others around the world are stroking off while reading my stories. My ultimate fantasy, I thought, would be to watch a reader as they stroked themselves to orgasm while reading one of my stories. Oh God. That would be wonderful. (And maybe I could help clean up afterwards...) These thoughts have inspired numerous personal orgasms for me. I'm rock hard here just writing about it!

So I had to ask him.

In my next email I explained my fantasy in detail. I told him that he was under no obligation to indulge me, but that it would be my dream come true if he would. 

I asked him outright "if I rent us a room at the casino, would you be willing to let me watch you cum while you read one of my stories?"

"Only if you'll help." Was his response.

"Oh my God it's happening!" I thought to myself.

Over the next week we continued to trade emails talking about all manner of things, but always concluding with how we were both looking forward to Thursday afternoon.

Thursday at 1:00 I left my office for a "business lunch" and let my office know that all calls were to go to voicemail. The half hour drive to the casino seemed like an eternity. 

"Would I really like him in person as well as on-line? What if he smells bad or talks funny — or worse, what if he doesn't like me?" The thoughts swirled in my head. All I could do is push forward and see how things played out. I was not turning back now.

I arrived at the casino and got the key to my room. I checked in under an assumed name, just for privacy.

Key in hand I headed out to the bar to meet my fan, Mike. He actually looked just like the picture he sent so we recognized each other immediately. Neither of us was disappointed. 

We had a quick beer and both agreed that it was now or never. We were both nervous. If we waited much longer we'd need showers.

We made our way out of the bar and down the brightly lit hallways. We smiled and acknowledged staff members and other couples as we made our way to my room. I'm certain they all knew what we were up to — especially if they noticed the tent below my belt! That only added to the sexual energy I was now feeling.

Upon arriving at the room we stepped inside and Mike sat on the bed. I chose a chair beside the bed and we sat silently for a minute. The air was thick with anticipation and anxiousness. "How are we going to start this?" We both thought to ourselves.

Time stood still. We both stared at each other. I began to focus on his masculine facial features. He was strong boned with deep-set eyes that seemed to pierce me. In that moment, for the first time, I felt the desire to kiss this very masculine man.

My trance was snapped when he softly began to speak.

"I've been saving my load for days now. I've chosen to read your 'Unexpected Lover' work today but this is YOUR fantasy, Bryan, so how would you like this to start?"

I hadn't really thought this through to this moment. It was as though in my heart I didn't believe we'd get to this point. "Do I want him to be naked or dressed to start? Do I want him to read silently or out loud?..." I thought to myself.

After quick, but careful consideration I asked if he could have his iPad read the words out loud to him and I would just watch and witness his reactions to each and every turn as the story is told. He could start fully clothed and go with the flow from there. 

So our plan was in motion as Mike lay back and began intently listening to the story.

His pants were soon unable to comfortably contain his now engorging hard on. He reached down, rubbing himself a bit before releasing his belt and lowering his zipper. He then pulled his beautiful snake out of his boxers and began to stroke gently and slowly. This continued as the romance built between Jamie and Colton in the story.

I watched intently. His cock was darker red than the surrounding flesh. It was hard as a pipe now with a pronounced, circumcised helmet the size and color of a small plumb. It was about the size and look of my own. His pubic hair was neatly trimmed. I could not take my eyes off of Mike's cock. I was captivated, in love...

Mike continued to stroke as the story progressed. Soon Jamie and Colton were becoming more sexually focused in the story and Mike was stroking harder and faster as he listened. His eyes tightly shut and his breathing was becoming labored.

Suddenly Mike stopped stroking. He opened his pants and pulled them below his knees, boxers and all. Then he opened his shirt.

Now I could see his balls and his beautiful cock fully. It lay still against his belly as he made himself comfortable again. 

As Mike again grasped his hardened shaft and raised his cock off of his belly, a string, like a spider web, hung between his now wet cockhead and the small wet spot on his stomach.

I loved seeing Mike becoming aroused. I loved witnessing his hardness, his power, and especially the arrival of his pre-cum. 

As Colton and Jamie began to make love in earnest Mike's masturbation became more serious, more intense. His facial expression more pronounced. His breathing more labored.

I sensed a building crescendo. As I listened and watched I could no longer control myself. I stood and dropped my pants and began stroking myself in a frenzy. My cock was harder than I could even remember. My fist was soon covered in my own pre-cum.

As Jamie and Colton began to consummate their encounter in the story, Mike screamed out to me "Oh God, Bryan! Finish me off please, will you? Please?"

At this point he didn't have to ask me twice. 

I released my own cock and grabbed his as I dove onto the bed. In an instant I had his hot, wet, hard and throbbing cock in my mouth and I was sucking like a man possessed. I was a man possessed right now. Oh God this was a wonderful experience playing out in real life. He tasted like heaven as his pre-cum flowed. His shaft was so hard. His helmet so hot, spongy and slick. I sucked and sucked, wanting nothing more than to feel him cum and fill my wanting mouth with his precious seed.

Jamie began to cum in the story as Mike tensed up and began to unload spurt after hot, lovely spurt of his thick, slippery semen into my mouth and throat. It tasted similar to my own, but sweeter. I savored this moment wishing it could last forever.

I was in heaven. I had a beautiful cock softening in my mouth, fresh cum filling my mouth as well. I swallowed and licked, trying to clean him as well as I could. I didn't want to miss a drop!

I was still hard and dripping as I finished with Mikes cock and the story being read by Mike's iPad concluded. I was happy though. I had just lived out my greatest fantasy. My mouth was full of the flavor of the seed from a reader.

I began to get up off the bed to get cleaned up and put myself back together when Mike opened his eyes and gave me a quizzical look...

"Bryan, you're not finished here yet." He said softly. "I love this story and the reason I picked it was because in MY fantasy I'm Jamie. I want you to finish the way Colton finished in your story."

He reached under his pillow and handed me a small bottle of lube...

I felt compelled to comply and fulfill his fantasy. I'd never fucked another man, but moments later I wouldn't be able to say that again!

I spread the oil on my rock hard cock, mixing it with my own natural wetness. I applied oil generously to Mikes sphincter and massaged more oil deep into his ass.

Then I placed my cock at his entrance. I pressed firmly but gently. 

Mike held his breath as I continued to press. He pushed back.

Suddenly I passed through his sphincter. I paused. Mike began to push back again and that was my cue.

I pressed my cock all the way into Mike's wanton ass. Mike's legs now resting on my shoulders. I pulled out and re-entered. Mike responded by grabbing my hips and fucking me back as we developed a rhythm, a rhythm that probably resounded throughout the hallway! 

Again I was a man possessed as I filled his ass with my meat. We pounded each other until I could no longer hold off. I came. I came some more, and I came some more! When I finally rolled off and flopped out of Mike's beautiful ass I left a substantial wet spot as evidence of our debauchery. 

I leaned in and Mike and I shared a wonderful kiss. My first man kiss. It was amazing.

We showered, got some dinner and headed back to our lives.

We are changed men now. Like Jamie & Colton, Mike and I are now friends with benefits...

I love hearing from my readers.