 Elijah

I didn't want to fall for Damien too hard. But I couldn't help it. I'd been nursing a crush on his delicious body for weeks. Then he saved me and cared for me and now I was well on the way to being in love. And after that kiss by the river... I felt like I was glowing, like I was happier than I had ever been.

We'd never used the word, but I felt like he was my boyfriend. This is what it felt like to have a boyfriend.

And when tough unromantic Damien took my hand, holding it as we walked back along the river path, I couldn't keep myself from grinning like an idiot.

Damien and I lounged around and watched tv at his house. He got a beer and a packet of chips and offered me a Coke but I just had a water instead -- I was already feeling wired enough from his company, I didn't need caffeine too.

When he sat down at one side of the couch, leaning on a pile of his battered but comfy cushions, I'd hesitated. I wanted to sit beside him, maybe snuggle up. But he looked fierce there and I was suddenly nervous.

"Come here," Damien said, noticing me hovering in the doorway. He put his beer aside and piled some cushions on the floor. He spread his legs so I could settle myself on the cushions with my back against the sofa and Damien's legs on either side. 

He started rubbing my shoulders and I groaned and leaned back into his touch -- his hands were firm and I could feel my nervous tension leaving. Though whenever I thought of what we'd done here -- how just last night he'd sucked my dick until I came into his mouth, right here on this sofa -- it made me flush with arousal and my whole body became tense again.

Damien started slipping his hands inside the collar of my shirt, letting his fingers stroke against the bare skin of my neck and collar bone. I remembered last time I'd been in this position, feeling Damien stroking me from behind, and the memory made me shiver. He was so fucking hot, and I promised myself that tonight I wouldn't run away like I had that night in the rain.

"Why do you always wear these stupid loose tops?" Damien's voice interrupted my thoughts.

I didn't reply and just leaned my head back to enjoy his hands.

"Elijah," He growled.

I sighed and said, "I get teased a lot about being skinny. I thought I could, you know, hide it..."

Damien's hands froze and I wondered if I'd said something wrong. When he pulled his hands out of my shirt and got up off the sofa I knew it.

Damien walked around me and out of the room. I heard his footsteps on the stairs out of his apartment and just sat there, stunned. What was going on? What had I said that was so wrong?

After a while, when I was starting to hyperventilate and think about going home, I heard the door unlock and Damien climbing back up the stairs.

He walked into the living room with a cardboard box and a grin. "Got a storage locker downstairs," He told me. 

I looked in confusion at the box he dropped on the floor, which was taped up at the top and had writing scrawled and crossed out all over it.

"Some of my old clothes," He told me as he started ripping at the tape on the top of the box. "They should fit you -- I bulked up a lot after high school, I used to wear tees and stuff like you like -- some old band tees and stuff I'd hate to throw away and you'll look fucking hot in."

I was just sitting staring at him in confusion. Damien looked at me and grinned. "Elijah. You're too fucking sexy and you should show it off. If you're going to be my piece of ass I want everyone to know that it's a hot piece of ass."

His words were affectionate enough to make up for their crudeness. I glowed.

Damien pushed the box aside and crawled toward me on all fours. He leaned his forehead against mine and looked into my eyes. "Seriously Elijah. Take that useless oversize piece of shit shirt off so I can see you."

I moved my trembling hands to the hem of my shirt but I obviously wasn't taking it off fast enough for Damien, who growled and grabbed it by the collar and started pulling the shirt off over my head. It was a violent move but the desire in his eyes was countered by the gentle way he pulled my head to his and kissed me. His lips were soft and the kiss tentative and so caring I felt my heart aching.

"Come to my bedroom," Damien whispered as he rested his forehead against mine.

I nodded quickly and we went to the other room. Damien took his shirt off and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me in for a tight hug so our bare chests smacked together, skin on skin. He bit and sucked at my neck and his hands gripped my lower back and pulled at my skin, massaging me like he'd been massaging my shoulders earlier.

"You're so fucking hot Elijah," Damien growled.

He dropped one arm so it was hooked under my butt and, before I could do more than cry out in surprise, he was picking me up and bodily carrying me to his bed. He climbed on after me, his body taking up most of the narrow space so he had to press against me.

He was right there next to me, his warm body with its intoxicating smell of manly sweat and engine oil. His tattoos flexed as he moved and the light would catch on his nipple piercing and make it shine. I could just melt into a puddle of desire.

I reached out a hand to touch his chest, nervously, still not confident of touching this sexy skinhead. He grinned and grabbed both my hands, shifted his weight so he was on his knees resting either side of me with both my hands caught in his. The pose reminded me forcibly of my near rape and for a moment I froze with fright, but then Damien was rubbing my palms over his tattooed skin and I forgot everything except the warmth of his body.

He let go of my hands and for a moment I hesitated. But then I accepted his permission. I ran my hands across his chest, loving the firmness of his pecs and letting my fingertips play across his nipple piercing until he was groaning out loud. I stroked the outlines of his tattoos, as far as I could reach until my hands were disappearing around his sides.

I loved his hard chest, the gentle roundness of his belly. I knew I was staring at him with adoration, my breath coming in pants, but Damien seemed to be enjoying it. 

I could feel the tension in Damien's body, see that he wanted to be taking charge. But he wanted me to be comfortable with his body so he was letting me take my time, get to know him and enjoy him.

Finally Damien dropped down onto his elbow and lowered himself so he was lying on his side on the bed facing me, propped on his elbow. Now it was his chance to explore me, to run his hand wonderingly across my chest. 

He rubbed his palm and then his fingers across one of my nipples. Little tingling waves shot out from his touch. He pinched me hard enough that I cried out and my back arched, but not enough to be true pain -- it felt like a warmth was spreading through my body, like happiness was radiating out from his touch and the aggression of the pinch only made the sensation more intense.

Damien lowered his head so he could take my nipple between his teeth and chew gently on it, dragging more groans from my open mouth. He pinched the other between his fingers and toyed at my peaked skin until I was crying out and my whole body was writhing. And then he kept going, stroking and sucking at my skin until it felt like I was going to burst of the pleasure of it, like there were hot sparks of desire running all along my body from his touch. 

I'd already cum just a couple hours ago but my dick was so hard now, throbbing and leaking into my underwear. Damien had me so worked up I was afraid that even brushing his hand over my dick would be enough to break me.

He had me so turned on I was whimpering and begging, my hands clutching aimlessly at his arms and chest. "Please," I whimpered. "Please, Damien..."

His hand stroked down across my flat belly to the waistband of jeans. I whimpered and bucked my hips toward his hand.

He was sucking and licking my nipple but now he shifted his head so he could trail kisses up to my jaw, his teeth gently scraping against the skin of my chest and neck. His mouth found my earlobe and he suckled the sensitive skin there, licking my neck and nibbling at my lobe. I had soft silicone tunnels in so Damien could put his teeth on either side of my lobe and bend the tunnel between them.

His mouth felt so good on me, I was shivering from every touch and it was like there was a breeze rippling across my skin and making all the small hairs on my neck stand up. It felt like every nerve on my body was centred on his touch and I was whimpering and writhing beneath him, twisting my head away so he could get more access to my ear.

He had a hand on my belly and it was stroking lower and lower, teasing its way down to the waistband of my jeans.

"Fuck you're hot," He growled. "I get off on those little noises you make."

He bit into my neck and I moaned. His fingers fumbled with my belt buckle and I actually gasped out his name in delight. I couldn't get enough of his hands and mouth on me, I always needed more... My dick was throbbing and straining against my jeans and I was aching with the need for Damien to touch it.

Damien unzipped my fly with one hand and I quickly wriggled out from beneath him so I could pull off my jeans and boxers. I heard Damien doing the same, and I actually gasped when I looked up at his naked body sprawled on the bed beside me. His tattoos looked so great, rippling across his chest and belly. Even with all the bruises and little patches of scabs, he looked amazing. 

But my eyes kept getting drawn back to his dick. That heavy club of flesh, hard and thick and jutting out of his hips. The foreskin was tight and pulled back to show a little circle of dark skin at the head. I could see pre-cum dribbling down onto the bed. He was so aroused. I imagined what that dick would feel like inside me. The thought nearly made me faint.

And the best part was, he was looking at me with as much awe as I was feeling for him. 

"I'm gonna make you cum so fucking hard," He whispered as he gazed down at my rock-hard dick. I blushed. I didn't need to say anything because Damien reached out and grabbed my head with both his hands. He pulled me into a kiss hard enough that our teeth were pushing against our lips and it was hard to get a breath. His lip ring slid around between us and, although I knew the irritation wouldn't help the healing process, I was still so turned on by it.

Damien kept a hand in the short hair at the back of my neck. He dropped the other hand to my side and stroked my skin, let his mouth leave mine and trail along my neck. He'd bite sharply then suck at the sensitive skin he'd bitten. My eyes fluttered shut and my head tilted back as I groaned and gave myself over to his expert touch.

I longed for Damien to touch my dick, but instead he ran his fingers over my hip and along around my body to my butt. When his calloused fingers slid between my cheeks I whimpered and froze, my eyes flying open. 

Damien stopped moving, his hand lying still on my skin as he seemed to pause to listen to my breathing. My mind was swirling -- I thought I knew where this was leading, was I ready?

But I felt only a little fear. Thinking back to how I'd felt when Pete had touched me, when he had tried to force me to have sex with him, I remembered my horror and revulsion. But here with Damien I was feeling aroused and content, wrapped up in warm feelings. I wanted this, I realised. I really, really wanted this.

I closed my eyes again and nuzzled into Damien's collar bone, clutching at his warm body and hoping he'd know that he had my permission without me having to tell him. He seemed to get the message, he kissed me lightly on the head then wiggled his big body down so his dick was rubbing up against mine.

I gasped at the feel of his hot column of flesh rubbing against mine. Damien bucked his hips gently so his dick slid along mine and I nearly fainted from the sexiness of it. I was rubbing by dick against another guy's! I could barely breathe and my heart was pounding so fast I was feeling dizzy.

His fingers slid into my butt crack again and this time I wasn't scared. His lips were on me, his dick was rubbing against mine... I felt limp, like I was a rag doll completely at Damien's disposal. When his slowly-stroking fingers found my hole, my head shot back in the shock of warm feelings. I moaned and felt Damien grinning against my neck.

He toyed with my hole, his finger circling then teasing its way in slightly. I could feel my dick throbbing, jerking up and down against Damien's. He was driving me crazy, my mind swirled as all I could think about was his fingers and the sensations they were giving me.

Suddenly he pulled away, rolling onto his back. I felt cold and abruptly lonely and I snapped my eyes open in fear. 

But Damien was just reaching into a box on his bedside table, pulling out a small bottle of lube and -- my heart seemed to skip a beat -- a condom. He left the condom on the bedside and I stared at it, trying to focus my thoughts, until I felt Damien's hand back at my butt, this time sticky and wet from the lube.

He shifted position so he was again on his side facing me, his dick rubbing up against mine. He had one hand under his body and he grabbed our dicks in it, his fingers closing around both columns of flesh and starting to slowly jerk up and down. It was intense. I could feel every inch of his hot skin against me.

Damien's slippery fingers teased my hole. I moaned and tilted my hips back, trying to get Damien to push in deeper. He laughed and his warm breath tickled across my cheek, making shivers run down my spine.

"You want me, don't you?" He whispered against my throat. "You can't wait to feel me inside you."

I whimpered and jerked my head in a nod. Damien pushed a finger in just enough to make my sphincter muscles spasm. His hand on my dick moved faster and it felt like all the blood in my body had been drained down to my dick and my ass, like there was no life in any other part of me.

"You fucking love it," He growled and I whimpered and nodded.

He slid his finger in deeper. It was a good kind of uncomfortable -- I'd put my own finger inside myself when I masturbated, but obviously my fingers weren't as long or thick as Damien's. He pushed in deeper and I felt a sharp sting and couldn't help drawing in a quick breath of pain.

Damien pulled away to lube up his fingers again. He kept squeezing our dicks together, controlling the bottle of lube expertly with only one hand.

This time he slid his finger in so deep I felt the palm of his hand pressing against my cheek. His finger felt good in there, wet and smooth and so filling. I wiggled my hips experimentally and enjoyed the warmth and fullness radiating from Damien's touch.

He moved his face back to mine and pressed his lips against me in a loose wet kiss. I savoured the feel of his lips, so soft but insistent. He sucked my tongue into his mouth and caressed it with his own and I lost track of everything but that kiss, the sweet intensity of it.

Damien bit gently down on my tongue, making me moan. He seemed to be trying to distract me because the next thing I knew, he was slipping another well-lubed finger inside me. It felt full and warm but wasn't hurting too bad, and after some more kissing Damien pulled away to re-lubricate his hand before sliding three fingers into me.

This time it hurt. I froze and Damien stayed still. 

"It's okay," He whispered and kissed me again, slowly and sensually. He held his hand completely still and I waited as the pain -- and my panic -- subsided and was replaced by just the warm pleasure again.

Damien slid his fingers further inside me, until it felt like I was stuffed full of him. Like his body on me and his dick against mine and his fingers in me had me completely wrapped up in him. I glanced down at his cock, hard and rubbing against my own, and wondered if his three fingers were big enough to prepare me for it. I blushed at the thought, but felt a tingling rush of excitement too.

My whole body seemed to be pulsing in time with the small movements of his fingers as he pushed them deeper into me. He started gently wiggling his fingers, spreading them out and stroking my insides. This felt better than it ever did when I masturbated, better than I ever thought I could feel. I moaned out Damien's name. "Damien, it feels so good..."

Then he touched my prostate, a hard press with one of his fingers and a shot of pure pleasure which made my whole body tense up. "Holy fuck," I cried out. "Holy fuck, Damien!"

He grinned and twisted his fingers so he could stroke over my prostate again. I cried out and felt my dick jerking. I looked down and saw that I was leaking, huge dollops of pre-cum sliding out of my dick and pooling on Damien's dick and the bed sheets. When he rubbed his dick up against mine, it spread the pre-cum around so he was slowly coating himself in my fluid.

He started sliding his fingers up and down a little, so it always felt full but now felt like there was different amounts of pressure on my opening. He kept hitting my prostate and I kept leaking precum all over him. I could feel my orgasm building, the feelings were just too intense. His hands were so hot inside me and every time he stroked my secret place I felt a blinding rush of pleasure through me.

"You really enjoy this, don't you?" Damien asked. There was wonder in his voice, and so much arousal that his tone came out husky.

"Yeah," I gasped. "Don't stop, I'm so close..."

But Damien did stop, his hand pausing while still inside me so I moaned and rubbed myself against him, trying to get back the intense pleasure of the prostate stimulation.

"I want to try it," Damien said.

"What?" I wasn't really aware of what he was saying, I just wanted the pleasure to continue.

"You love it so much, I want to try it too," He said again. Now he was pulling his fingers out of me and dropping my dick into its puddle of sticky goo on the sheets.

"Damien, come back," I whimpered, far past caring if I sounded weak for begging.

Damien got up on his knees, his dick bouncing up against his belly then hovering obscenely out in the air. He grabbed the hand which had been lying limply at my side. I stared in surprise as he started dripping lube onto it from his little bottle. It was cold, much colder than I was expecting.

"Rub your fingers together, like you're counting cash," He said. I mimicked the motion and felt the sticky wet gel warming up on my hand.

Damien lay down beside me again, wiggling closer so his body was pressed up against mine. We were chest-to-chest, our dicks sliding against each other's hips. I looked down and saw his nipple piercing pressing against the dark skin of my chest and the sight made me moan.

Damien rested a foot on the bed so his leg was bent at the knee. "Give me your hand," He instructed, and guided me behind his furry balls to his secret entrance. I gasped when I felt the hot puckered skin there.

"Damien..." I whispered, meeting his eyes. He stared back at me steadily, nothing but desire in his face. I remembered what Pete had said, how he didn't want to feel gay by letting me touch him. And Damien was even manlier than Pete...

"I want to feel what you're feeling," He whispered. "You're so turned on, I want to know what it's like."

He tilted his head so he was whispering in my ear and added, "And if you ever tell my friends about this, I'll fucking kill you." He nipped the side of my stretched lobe to show he was kidding.

And then he grabbed my hand by the knuckles and forced two of my fingers inside him.

Holy crap. My fingers were inside Damien's ass. I started hyperventilating, staring at the point where I saw my hand disappearing behind his balls. "This..." I choked out. "This is too hot."
