 *

Jing had tears in his eyes and his face was twisted with pain. I brushed his white hair back and pulled his shirt over his extended belly. He was swollen, and it wasn't just because he was pregnant. Something was wrong. 

"How do you know?" I pulled the ultra-sound machine over and started to prep Jing for the test. 

Jing struggled with a chuckle, "I just know."

I placed the machine over his belly and waited for an image to appear on the screen. While it was similar to Earth technology ours was far more advanced. Before either of us was ready there was an image of a small body on the screen. I tried looking from all angles, I even created a 3D image and no matter how hard I tried there was no sign of a baby penis. There was a tail, fingers, toes, eyes and so on, but no male genitals. 

"...I don't know how to explain this..." I murmured. "You're young is a female..." I pulled my communication pad out and called Xe'Hul.

"Yeah?" My brother asked.

"You may want to come down here, Hul. I have some news for you and your mate."

*

~Brandon~

"Is it me or did he look ill?" I asked looking through digital data base. It was their version of a library; all you had to do was download the book file and when your time was up it would disappear off your digital reader. I kind of didn't like it because I liked having an actual book in my hands but Steven was right, I did need to read something.

"Who?" Steven asked. He was searching a little more thoroughly then me.

"Jing, he looked like he wasn't doing too well," I said. I was having no luck finding anything that I was interested in. 

"Oh, when he had his twins he looked like that as well. I think it's just the process his body goes through when having young." Steven clicked the download button and he had his third book. They were all history books short of one. It was a romance book.  

"I don't know... his coloration was really bad. I was really worried for him..." I found a book about traditional Arcain painting. It seemed promising mainly because I like art. "Well, he's with Zhi now so hopefully he'll be okay." 

"Oh, most likely. Zhi is really good with stuff like this. How else would be become Medical Officer?"

I smiled. Yeah, my Zhi was strong, powerful, smart and incredibly sexy. And all mine. I was very happy to have him with me.

*

~Xe'Zhi~

"What is it?" Hul exclaimed as he walked into the back room. He looked wild eyed and scared half to death that something had happened to his mate and his baby. His green hair was messy, like he ran his fingers through it more than a few times. He was sweating a little, so he probably ended up running here. Normally my brother was cool, calm and collected but when it came to Jing logic was always in second place.

"Sit," I instructed. I waited until my brother was sitting next to his mate, holding his hand tightly. "You're mate is having a female young. This is going to be a difficult path for you two because no one here has ever had a female. It's unheard of." I pulled up the 3D image of the baby for both parents to see.

Hul looked at Jing and his mated nodded, blinking tears away. I wasn't sure why he was crying, but it could have been because of a multitude of reasons. I thought that perhaps I was acting too cold towards the situation, but I had to act that the advisor that my brother needed and the doctor Jing needed. There was no wiggle room in this situation and as much as I felt bad, it needed to be done. 

"The only reasonably explanation I can come up with is that Chantures have both male and female young. It is possible that Jing's DNA was stronger this time around but that also means that because Jing's DNA is stronger the birthing process will be faster. Correct me if I'm wrong, Jing, but Chantures have a fasting birthing process than any other species alive. Add Xolt DNA, which is not only aggressive but also very fast, and this could be a dangerous pregnancy." I took a deep breath. This was hard, worse than anything I have ever had to do before. 

"As far as I can tell, you are having only once child this time. We'll have to keep a close eye on you. Last time you were almost dangerously ill and due to the sheer speed of this pregnancy there is a higher risk of something going wrong."

"What do you suggest? Will something happen to her? Will she...will she have problems as well then?" I half expected it to be Hul, but it was Jing. I knew bits of his past and I knew that being left of—being in the dark—was not something he was interested in much less wanting that for his child.

"That I can't tell just yet, I'll have to do a few more tests before I'll be able to say for sure, but considering the DNA recipe I would say that she won't be blind. She may have bad eye sight but she would be able to see with added help such as eye glasses." I sighed. This was the worst part. "As for what you should do is entirely up to you Jing. This is going to be dangerous, for you. We can terminate the birth and prevent you from being seriously injured, or we can let the process finish and closely monitor you. There is a very good chance that you will have to stay here with 24/7 supervision. Depending on pain levels you may have to hooked up to the system." In other words he would be under a stronger amount of pain killers, which could be harmful to the child. 

Jing looked down to his belly; while it wasn't huge it was still bigger than it should have been. He looked sad, torn perhaps. I couldn't imagine what it would be like for him, for him and my brother. I didn't want anyone to have to go through this. Terminate your child or suffer? 

He rubbed his belly and gave it soft cooing sounds, similar to a cat purring. 

"What are the chances of me surviving?" His rough voice cut the air. I hadn't realized how thick it had become.

"That's uncertain; there are too many factors to consider..." I said quietly. For the first time in my life I hated my job. I hated having to do this to my brother...To Jing and to his baby. It wasn't fair. 

"Jing...We don't have to give him an answer now. We can go home and think about it." Hul wrapped his arm around his mate's slender shoulder. Jing closed his eyes and tears rolled from the corners.

"But we do...She's growing so fast that I can feel her, Xe'Hul. If we don't choose now she will choose for us." He opened his eyes. They were pink and glossy; his face was flushed and streaky with tears. "I want to be ready for her. I want her to know that I love her..." 

"It sounds like to me you've already made up your mind," I said taking a seat on my desk's corner. 

"But maybe you should say it aloud, Jing. We both need to hear a verbal confirmation." 

Jing turned his head and looked at his mate. Hul started to shake his head—he knew what was coming as much as he didn't want it. It was too much of a risk and he loved Jing far too much to put him in that position.

"Xe'Hul, I want to have her no matter what. I love her because she is my baby and I want you to love her too." Jing whispered. I held back my own tears. These kinds of choices were life altering; I would be there for the both of them no matter how hard. "Please...Will you love her with me?" 

Hul looked at Jing and smiled. He gave Jing a nod and kissed him. They were going to have this baby because they wanted to be happy; they wanted to show her the world. But I knew that deep down this child would have a very hard life...Especially here, where females have never been seen before. 

*

I flipped on the bedroom light and fell onto the bed. I heard an "Umph" and I rolled off to the side. I looked at where I had been and chuckled. Brandon was on his belly reading from a digital reader, but was looking fairly agitated that I had laid on him. I sat next to him and brushed his hair with my fingers. 

"How was the library with Steven?" I asked, changing the path and rubbing his cheek with my thumb.

"It was fine," he sighed, turning the device off. 

"How was Jing? He was looking pretty...unhealthy." I sighed. He was bright and had a keen eye. I knew that he wouldn't miss a beat asking. But it wasn't my place to tell him anything. 

"He's fine, but he certainly is having a child," I said as I brought Brandon's face closer to my own. I kissed the tip of his nose. "Are you willing to play tonight?" Brandon's eyes could not widen even further even if he tried.

"Yes," he whispered.

"Good," I smiled. "Go get ready." 

~Brandon~

I jumped off the bed and ran to the bathroom and prepared myself. I took off all my clothes and even took it upon myself to stretch a little. I was excited. I wanted him so badly. Everything about him screamed dominance and sex. I was honestly surprised that no one else wanted him. 

I walked into the bedroom and gasped. He had ropes hanging from the headboard of the bed, he stood in the middle of the room with leather pants on and a long bar with cuffs connected to the ends. My cock jumped a little. I knew what the bar was for. It was a leg-spacer. 

I lowered my head and looked at his bare feet. 

"What are you doing?" 

I stopped breathing for a second. 

"Answer me boy," he ordered. 

"I am showing my respect for you." It was the first thing I could think of. It wasn't a lie, I really do respect him. But I was nervous primarily. 

"On your knees then." 

I fell to my knees and put my wrists behind my back, with my head still lowered. I spread my ankles apart, far enough for the bar, and waited for him.

"Tell me, boy, are you excited?" I felt his hand caress my cheek. I shivered. 

"Yes sir," I said. 

"I can see that," he chuckled. He used the end of the bar and touched my hard cock. I gasped and moved with the bar. Just the little bit of contact was enough to make me moan. "Tell me what you want." 

"I want you're cock..." I whispered. 

"Hm? I couldn't hear you. Look me in the eyes and say it louder." I could hear the smile in his voice. He was enjoying this. I was embarrassed. It was hard enough for me to sit on the ground and to tell him what I wanted, but to tell me to do that and more? That was just like him. 

I slowly lifted my head and looked into his beautiful clear eyes. He was smirking, waiting for my response. 

"I want you're cock...Sir," I smiled. 

"Then take it out yourself." I moved my hands from where they rested and he slapped my hands away from his zipper. "Use your teeth." 

"Yes sir," I said. The metallic taste of the zipper didn't leave until I had his cock in my mouth. 

*

(Hey guys! Long time no update! I know it's a tad short but I figured something was better than nothing! Don't forget to comment, I love to hear what ya'll think!!) 