 ~Brandon~

My head was pounding and I felt really sore. I didn't want to open my eyes but I kept hearing a persistent voice that kept urging me to open my eyes. I opened my eyes slightly and closed them again because the light was too strong. 

"Come on, you can do better than that Brandon. What happened to being a tough guy?" I was pretty sure it was Ryan's voice but I wasn't sure. The voice seemed too low to be his, but then I remember that he was an Alien. And my brother was married to him...Then I remember my father. 

He tried to kill me. I knew he would try; it was why I grabbed my stuff before I told him, but still. I'm his son! I didn't change anything except for the fact that I was dating a man. But then I remembered the kindness that Leo...Xe'Zhi...Showed me. Even in the lizard form he was kind to me, he treated me better than my own father did. 

I tried to open my eyes again, and this time succeeding. I was staring at a gray ceiling and a face that oddly looked like Ryan's. The difference was his hair and the fact that he was covered in silver/white scales and had no eyebrows. 

"R-Ryan? My head hurts..."

The alien smiled at me and handed me water. 

"Xe'Zhi said that you'd say that. But at least you're awake, do you mind just sitting there for a minute. I have to call him now." He took out something out of his pocket; it was about the size of an iPod and tapped a few things. A holographic version of Xe'Zhi popped up, he looked really tired. "He's awake now. What do you want me to do?" Ryan said, smiling away like he normally did back on Earth.

"Thank the Gods..." the hologram sighed. "Give him some food and tell him I'll be home soon. Ask him some questions to make sure the translator is working. Thanks brother." 

"No problem, you helped me with Steven. This is the least I can do." 

Then the hologram disappeared. I looked at my old best friend and he smiled down at me. 

"What happened to Steven?" I asked, still lying down. My head was hurting too much to sit up. 

"He was having nightmares last night about something happening to our young. Zhi came by after we called to give him a sedative to help him sleep."

"Young?" 

Ryan frowned. "You didn't know? Steven is pregnant with our children. I thought he would have told you."

"Are you saying that I can get pregnant here?" I asked, not masking the concern in my voice. There was a swooshing sound and Xe'Zhi walked into the room. 

"Indeed, this is why we need to talk. Thank you for taking care of my mate, Trygg. I will visit you and Steven later to check on the young." Xe'Zhi sounded so professional, his voice was so low, that I almost couldn't help but shiver. His voice was deeper than I thought it would be, and it was very sexy. 

Ryan sighed, "alright." As he stood up to leave he turned to his brother and asked if he was sure he didn't need my help. Xe'Zhi shook his head and sent his brother off. 

The room was silent once Ryan left and it almost had an air of concern. Xe'Zhi sat on the bed with me, staring at me probably waiting for some sort of reaction. I wasn't sure what to do so I just gave him a smile. 

"Brandon, how do you feel?" The big alien finally asked. 

"My head kind of hurts and I gotta take a piss but other than that I'm fine. You?" I smiled back. I guess he was just trying to see if I was ill or something. 

"How about emotionally? What you went through last night was..."

His questions were sweet. He was concerned because of what had happened between me and my father. Truth was I was livid at the man. If I ever saw him again I would probably try to kill him for what he did to me. But at the same time I expected him to do that because he said he would.

"I'm fine. Just pissed. I think he hurt my brother more than he did me. Steven had no idea what their true thoughts were until last night. He must be shocked." I tried to sit up but felt dizzy and fell back to the bed.

"Don't worry too much about your brother. He's fine at the moment, you on the other hand are not." He took his own version of the iPod and typed some things up. This gave me a few minutes to look at where I was.

I was on a dark bed that was about twice the size of a king size back on Earth. The room itself was fairly dark; the walls were deep brown, the bed sheets were black, the desks and shelves were black wood, curtains were deep brown and he seemed to have steel reinforcements everywhere. 

The lamps were steel, the doors were steel, and from where I was I could peek into the bathroom and I saw steel everywhere. There were three doors that led elsewhere from the bed room; one to the bath room, one to the living area and a closed door. 

"Do you get headaches often, Brandon?" I snapped my eyes back on the large lizard who was looking at me with slight concern behind the eyes a professional. His greens eyes were breath taking, there was no pupil and they were almond in shape, but they were larger than normal Human eyes. They were pale almost as if they were washed out, but all the same the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen. "Brandon? Are you okay?"

"Hmm? Oh, yeah, I'm fine. I do get headaches often enough. Sometimes they get pretty bad too." 

I laughed to mask my arousal. 

"What were you thinking about, boy?" Xe'Zhi growled. His eyes narrowed and he had the ghost of a smile on his lips.

"How did you...I was thinking about your eyes," I whispered. "Surprisingly you're beautiful. Almost in a predator-waiting-to-eat-me-kind of way, but breath taking all the same..." 

I smelt a sweet scent fill the air and I smiled at Xe'zhi. His tail was twitching on the bed and he looked hungry. 

"Thank you, Brandon. The reason why you aren't feeling well is because your brain is sensitive. This is a form of head ach. I can give you some pills to make the pain go away if you'd like?" 

Xe'Zhi stood up and walked to the door that led to the living area. 

"Sure, that'd be great. And could I get another glass of water while you're at it?" Xe'Zhi turned his head and looked at me. The muscles where his eyebrows should have been were raised and he folded his arms across his body. 

"Brandon, use your words. I will not be ordered." 

His words were dark and yet promising. 

"May I have a glass of water, please, sir?" I lowered my head but kept my eyes on him. His smile was more like a smirk and he nodded. 

"Anything you'd like, I can get it for you." And he disappeared into the other room. I shivered and pulled the overs off my legs. I was still wearing my tight leather biker pants and they were so constricting that I needed them off, but I was too dizzy to actually do anything. 

"Ahem." I looked at the door again to see the alien smiling down at me. His eyes were low lidded and he had a glass of water in his hands. 

"Your water." I blushed as I took the glass from him. He handed me half of a small blue pill and told me to take it. "If you ever need medicine come to me because dosages for my kind and yours are very different. If I were to give you what I would take for a head ache you would die. This half pill, which is also a very low dosage as a whole, will still make you drowsy. You won't fall asleep but you will feel sleepy."

"I see," I said as I took the pill. I quickly drank all the water and waited a few minutes. I felt the effects of the pill almost immediately. My head no longer hurt but it felt dull. "Thank you, Xe'Zhi." 

The alien took my head in his large hands and looked me in the eye. His eyes almost seemed possessive. 

"You said my name." 

"Of course I did. It's your name." I smiled. I wanted him to kiss me. 

"You do realize that for the longest time you've called me Leo, correct? That I have fantasized about you calling by my name for months? That not even my family calls me by my full name?" He growled, his face getting closer to mine.

"I guess I don't," I grinned, "because I'm going to keep using your full name." Xe'Zhi let out a bark of a laugh and moved away from me. He rubbed his face and patted my knee. 

"You are dangerous to me, Brandon. We need to talk before we do anything like having sex. I want you to have all the information before we do anything. Knowledge is power and you need to be well informed here. Go use the washroom. I'll talk with you once you're done." 

**

The bathroom was very clean. There was not one item out of place and I couldn't smell anything but sterile air. It was like his whole life revolved around his job. That or he had a major case of OCD. 

The toilet, bath tub, and sink were made of steel and the floor was heated sandstone. The contrast was ugly as shit but I could see why Xe'Zhi would want it. The warm stone felt great on my feet. After I pissed I walked back to the bed, only a little unsteady. I kept feeling like I was going to fall even though I knew I wouldn't. "Once the head ache leaves that will stop." I looked at the alien and laughed. He was sitting with his legs crossed in a nest of blankets and he looked so cute. Like a messed up dino-man guarding his nest. I sat down next to him and placed my hand on his leg. 

"So what is it that I need to know that's so important that we can't have sex?" I pouted, of course I was just teasing him but I really wanted to know. 

"Because I am a member of the Xolt race my DNA and your DNA are different. Mine is more aggressive than yours. For example, if you drink my sperm your body will undergo changes. Your eyes will look like mine, you hair very well may change color, you may get scales in spots, but the most important change is that you will grow a womb. You will have the ability to have children." He paused and when I didn't say anything he continued. "Now, because the Xolt race is all male we have found a way to give birth to our children. It was discovered millions of years ago and perfected with technology. We give C-sections to get the young out. When this was discovered many attempts failed and our kind was endangered. But with the technology we have now there have been no failures in over 100 years."

I felt my eye twitch. How the hell was I supposed to process that? But then I remembered Steven... "So my brother is pregnant? He didn't look it," I said, shifting uncomfortably. From what I remembered my brother was still his skinny nerdy self.

"Because Steven is human the process is slower than normal. It could also be because Human males aren't meant to have children and his body is still trying to adjust to it. He has a small stomach but it's enough for me to say that he has a child within him."

I nodded and took a deep breath. I always felt like my brother would want children but I didn't think this was how he was going to get his wish. 

"Does this scare you Brandon?" I looked at Xe'Zhi and nodded. 

"Who wouldn't be scared of something like that? I don't want children, I never really liked kids. I'm sorry but..."

Xe'Zhi nodded and took my hand. 

"You have every right to refuse having a child. I will respect that, but that just means when having intercourse I won't let you drink my cum. We will have to be very open and vocal during our sex. Are you okay with that?"

I gulped and smiled. "It sounds like fun."

~Xe'Zhi~

I smiled at my mate. His progress was much better than his brothers. What intrigued me the most was that he wanted me, and he found being vocal...hot. My tail twitched as I thought of ramming my way into him. 

"Good," I stood up and reached my hand out to him. "Would you like to explore the ship now?" Brandon's eyes widened and he nodded. He took my hand and launched himself to his feet.

"Where are we going to go?" I chucked to myself because of his excitement. 

"I have to go and see my elder brother and his mate. I figured I'd give Xe'Trygg and Steven a rest before I let you see them again. Besides, ever since I brought you here Jing has been itching to meet you."

**

I rang the intercom and we were granted permission to come inside. Jing and Xe'Hul were feeding their twins on the couch. Ever since Jing had children Hul been in his quarters and Trygg has been filling in for him. Steven has been teaching in the school district teaching young about Earth, Arcaina and the history of the Xolt.

"Brother, Jing, it is nice to see you so well." I announced as I walked into their living area.

"Xe'Zhi! Oh, is this your mate?" Jing was so excited that he gave his son to Hul and jumped to his feet to greet us. He ran up to Brandon and wrapped his arms around him. Jing's white fluffy hair was thrown into Brandon's face and he coughed. Jing giggled and pulled away but not before his kissed Brandon's cheek. "My name is Jing. That alien over there is my mate Xe'Hul, he's Xe'Zhi's older brother and the Capitan of this ship. Those are our son's Shi and Olp." Brandon, if he wanted to say anything, couldn't because Jing was too excited to stop talking.

"Xe'Zhi have you had the Talk with him yet? He may seem like a professional doctor but he's also forgetful." 

"Jing, let our guest breath please. He just arrived on the ship yesterday." Hul said while bouncing his young on his knees. "You owe me brother, I had to force Jing to stay home last night or else he was going to visit you." 

I laughed, "thank you. Brandon and I were busy last night." 

Jing walked back to his son Shi and grabbed the bottle once again to feed him.

"Brandon are you okay?" I asked as I took his hand.

"He has cat ears."

Jing laughed. "That's because I am not a Xolt. I'm a Chanture, which is kind of like a cat-human mix. I come from Arcaina—which is kind of like your Earth only a little different." Brandon nodded as we walked to a chair across from the happy family. 

"You had something you needed to ask me, Jing?" I asked while motioning to Brandon to sit. 

"Right, Xe'Hul and I have reason to believe that I am pregnant again," Jing said. Brandon looked concerned and stiffened. 

"So soon?" he asked. 

"Brother, he just had his young a little while ago. How can you have free time to have sex?" I asked making my brother blush. "Brandon, because Jing his feline-like he can have many children at once and it is not uncommon for Chantures to get pregnant after they have their first litter. Though I thought my brother would wait before his next batch." Brandon nodded and started to relax. 

"I'll keep an eye on you Jing and I'll watch for signs myself. In about a month why don't I see you again to do an ultrasound just to make sure, okay?"

"Yup, I just wanted to let you know." Jing smiled and kissed Shi on the top of the head. "How's Steven doing? We got a call last night from Xe'Trygg about Steven. What happened down there?"

"My father...my father and mother made some poor choices that lead Steven and I away from them. But it hurt Steven more than it did me because I knew them differently. That's all..." It was the longest sentence that Brandon spoke but it was also the saddest. He looked down to the white carpet. I wrapped my arm around his shoulders. After a bit more conversation I brought Brandon home. He was complaining of his headache. I checked his translator, which was fine, then let him sleep. I was concerned about how well he was taking this. When Steven was taken he put up a bit of a fight, but Brandon hasn't shown any. I knew that Brandon would join me, but even after all of this he still hadn't shown very many signs of distress. The most of what he's shown is his displeasure towards having children. And then there was the other matter of his family issues. He was still having issues with his brother and then his father tried to kill him. If anything he should be more distressed about that.

If our relationship was going to work he would have to open up to me, or else neither of us could trust each other.

**

I woke up in the middle of the night to screams. My initial instincts were to kill what ever made that awful scream, but then rational sense kicked in and I remembered that I had a companion in my room with me. I ran to the bed room and checked on Brandon. I had been sleeping in the living room because I felt he needed his space but perhaps I was wrong...

"Brandon, what's wrong?" I brushed his hair out of his face. He was sweating and his face was flushed—if it weren't for the fact that he was scared I'd say he looked erotic. Brandon was shaking and he clutched onto my white cotton tunic.

I couldn't understand what he was saying but tears streamed down his face and his shaking wouldn't stop. I cradled his head on my chest and rubbed his back. I took a seat on the bed and placed Brandon on my lap and rocked him. 

"It's okay, baby. I promise nothing will ever hurt you again..." I whispered into his ear. 

"...Thank you..." I felt the words more than I heard them, but they were welcomed nonetheless. I felt him kiss my neck as he drifted back to sleep.

**

I heard my alarm blasting in my ear and my eyes flashed open. I jumped and growled when I saw that Brandon had the alarm in his hands and he had it next to my sensitive ears. 

"Teach me how to use the food maker thingy," Brandon demanded. He was no longer wearing his leather pants and jacket but rather my white t-shirt, which was more than a few sizes too big. It reminded me of an Arcain lady wearing a white dress—just without the lady. The shirt rested well past his hips. 

I jumped up and pushed him into the bed using just one hand to pin both down. I placed one knee between his legs and slowly ground it against his hardening shaft. My lips were just grazing his ear and I smiled because he was breathing so hard. 

"You don't order me, boy." I growled into his ear and he shivered underneath me.

"Then tell me what to do," he breathed. His wiggled his body under me and smiled and I ground my hard cock into his belly. 

I was going to have fun with my boy. 

"Oh no, Brandon, you will have to wait for that." I kissed his neck, dragging my tongue down his strained cords. "You see, we have a little problem." I pushed the white shirt out of my way and was pleasantly surprised to see a nipple pierced. I latched onto his and started to suck causing Brandon to moan in pleasure. I moved to the next nipple and did the same until they were both a dark rose shade. I then dragged my tongue down past his belly button and to the top of his underwear. I could see his cock straining to get out and it was weeping onto the cloth. Brandon tried to thrust his hips towards my face. 

"I can tell you what the problem is," Brandon huffed, "I'm fucking hard for you and you won't touch me!"

I smiled as I nipped at his cock and then moved away from it. 

"You need to learn to control yourself, Brandon. Especially before we do any playing. But first we need to talk about you. So go take a cold shower and I'll get breakfast ready." I let his hands go and I walked into the kitchenette area.

"That was a bastard move you know," Brandon complained. 

"I know," I smiled. 

(Let me know what you guys think! I love comments!! Tae~ PALLATON)