 ***

"--------------------------"

Chapter One: Home Alone with a Statute

"--------------------------"

Janie was home alone. Her husband was off on another lengthy business trip and she was so horny that at times she could not think straight. She stayed in bed and started rubbing her breasts. It felt so good that it was almost like being with her man on a date. Soon Janie let her hand drift down her tummy. Her skin felt so warm and smooth it made her feel sexy. Her finger tips reached the band of her panties. No one was looking but she felt naughty if she let her hand slip into her panties. Instead she let her hand drift down over her mound lightly pushing on her clit tunnel. She moved it side by side gently then let her hand smoothly move over the tip of her clit and down the side of her velvety pussy. It felt warm and firm. Following the band of her panties she let her hand smooth her panties all the way down to her anus and her butt cheeks. Slowly she drew it back up and followed the crack of her pussy creating an indention all the way up to her clit. She made circular motions on her clit, and finally brought her hand up to the top and let it slide under the band of her panties feeling the soft pubic hair.

Soon she was toying with her clit, masturbating and rubbing her pussy lips. Eventually she let her hand slide between her lips and all the way to her vagina opening. There she let a finger slip inside and around until it got very moist. She pulled her finger out and brought it to her mouth smelling it and sucking the moisture off. It tasted good, and the smell was sweet and erotic. Continuing she slipped two and then three fingers in her pussy, and started humping the palm of her hand. After a while she raised her hips off the bed and clinched her ass until she climaxed strongly. She brought her fingers up to see the white creamy pussy cum beginning to drip and quickly brought them to her mouth sucking them clean savoring the sweet taste of her pussy.

Janie showered and fixed breakfast, straightened the room and went to check the mail. She saw her friend, Brenda from next door.

"Hi Brenda. How are things going for you?"

"Oh pretty well. I am too busy to have a social life right now but overall things are good."

"Well I have a social life but Rick is away so much that I get very horny. I might have to get a dildo or something." Janie grinned and chuckled.

Brenda said, "I know of something that might help you, if you promise not to tell."

"Oh come on, what?" Janie was interested.

"Come over to my place and I will show you."

Brenda ushered Janie in to her upstairs bedroom. As they walked in Janie caught her breath because there was a naked man. 

Brenda said, "Silly, that is not a real man."

Janie looked at him up and down. She noticed the tight buns, and nice cock and balls. He had a hairy chest that was just right. "What is he doing here?"

Brenda replied with a chuckle, "This is just between you and me, ok?"

"Well alright. What on earth are you doing with that?" Janie was mystified.

"Since I am single, I get like you were, very horny. Then I came across this." Brenda started to slowly explain.

"I don't see what a statue would do for you, not really."

"That's it," said Brenda, "it isn't a statue. Here let me show you. Go ahead and touch his skin, anywhere you want."

Somewhat embarrassed to touch it because it looked so real and Brenda was watching, Janie reached over and felt his side on his chest.

It came alive so to speak, "My name is Jim. Your touch is so sensual and gentle. What would you like me to do?"

Brenda said, "Go ahead and touch his thing if you want to."

Hesitantly Janie in disbelief that she was doing this, reached over and touched his life like cock. 

Jim said, "Ohhh that feels so good. Your touch makes my whole body warm up."

Janie stared as it started to enlarge in her hand. She started to move her hand up and down on it just to see how real it felt.

Jim said, "Don't stop, you hand is the ultimate sensation. You are so sexy and beautiful that I am about to cum."

Suddenly as her hand reached the top again it spurted out several gobs of cum.

Brenda said, "Go ahead and taste it. It is made to taste good."

Janie brought her fingers to her mouth with cum dripping from them. She tasted it. "That is good. How on earth did you get this? Is that all it does?"

Brenda replied, "Oh it does a lot more. He will do almost anything you ask it."

"Your kidding me." Janie was fascinated.

"Why don't you stop at the adult store and see what models they have and ask them to tell you all the functions. I'm afraid I would be too embarrassed to tell you all. Ask him to show you his tongue." Brenda sort of giggled.

"Show me your tongue Jim."

Jim stuck his tongue out and it was nearly a foot long, and he twisted it, and wiggled it.

Brenda giggled at Janie's stunned look, "He's pretty good with it too!"

Sensing Janie might be leaving, Jim grabbed her by the pussy. Janie caught her breath. 

Brenda said, "Playful isn't he?" 

As they turned Jim patted Janie on the butt, and she caught her breath again.

"--------------------------"

Chapter Two: Adult Store and Up Skirt Shot

"--------------------------"

The next day Janie thought for a long time on what to wear and if anyone would recognize her. Going to an adult store was not one of her regular habits. She had never been in one. She decided to wear a short tight white skirt to look younger. She chose sheer bright pink see through cotton panties, short slip on boots, and a loose see through blouse with no bra. She had nice breasts and nothing to hide so she didn't care. It gave her a younger look. She chose dark sunglasses, and fixed her hair into a pony tail. Looking in the mirror she could see her panty lines showed, and was satisfied.

Arriving at the adult store she parked in the back away from the street view, hoping there would be an exit door from the back of the building. Janie walked around to the entrance and into the store. She took a moment and looked around. She saw a large attractive display of personal lubes, a display of men and women's Viagra like enhancement drugs and an aisle of various types of dildos, one of whips and BDSM items, one of lingerie, and decided to look down the aisle of dildos. She was amazed at the variety. Some were thin with a bulb like end, some were vibrators, and some were monster cocks. She shook her head, those were way too large for a regular human. She saw some that had strange shapes to the extent it got her attention wondering what the shape was meant for. Reading one of the packages, she discovered one was in the shape of a dog cock. Chuckling to herself she noticed the next one was meant to resemble a porpoise cock, and another a horse cock.

An employee approached and startled her. It was a female. "My name is Joy, can I help you find something today?"

Janie stammered, "Well uh, I heard there were these robots in here."

Joy answered, "Yes we have some very attractive human like models that are state of the art, with artificial intelligence, AI. Come with me and I would be happy to show you."

Janie followed Joy to a separate show room, clinging to her presence like a child afraid of getting lost.

As they walked into the next show room Joy gently placed her hand on the small of Janie's back to guide her and comfort her. With a gasp Janie saw a naked man, with hairy chest, hairy legs and ass, and hairy crotch. Next to him she saw an attractive naked woman with nice breasts, pubic hair, and a nice shapely frontal view of her pussy. On the floor beside the naked robots was a dog. Janie could not determine if the dog was a decoration for the display or if it was a robot also.

Joy began talking, "These robots are using the state of the art technology, they are warm to the touch, and feel good. They are programmed to have the most romantic talks, or the most erotic. You can teach them what you like. You must remember they are only toys, expensive toys. They are not alive and they are nonhuman, but they do have Artificial Intelligence and learn rapidly."

"So they remember everything you teach them?" Janie was very curious.

Joy with a snicker replied, "Yes, they have a photographic memory so to speak."

"That's good."

Joy said, "go ahead and touch them if you like. You can feel her breasts, and pussy. They are natural feeling. The vagina and anus openings are lifelike. But you may also check out the man. Hey look he is looking at your breasts." Joy giggled slightly.

Janie could feel her nipples tighten up.

Janie could see the man's cock was starting to get heavy. She reached out to feel his side.

"Oh baby, you have a nice touch," Trent the robot said. "Give me a hug, if you want to."

Enthralled, Janie stepped closer and gave the naked robot a hug, discreetly wrapping her hand around his back to feel his butt.

Trent said, "Baby you take my breath away."

Joy said, "Go ahead and kiss him."

Janie shyly leaned forward for a tentative kiss. Her heart was throbbing as if this was her first high school date. Their lips met with just the slightest touch. She could feel herself getting warm all over.

Janie kept her arm around his back and she stretched her lips forward again for another kiss of the most furtive nature. The feeling was intense and Trent's movements were of the slightest and most romantic nature. She realized his arm was now around her back and he gently hugged her as they kissed. As they hugged her mound came against his bare cock and she could feel it with her clit as there was just the slightest side to side motion. 

Trent's hand gently rubbed her back and side up to the side of her breast.

Young wife Janie was flush with heat and a raging horniness. 

Joy said, "Kind of turns you on doesn't he?" 

Totally embarrassed Janie reluctantly disengaged herself from Trent. She was weak kneed. She had already developed an intimate affinity to Trent.

Joy could smell Janie's pussy juices starting to flow. "Let's come over to my desk and we can talk about taking Trent home with you. By the way I have a special price for you. You can have Trent and his dog for a special discount price if you sign up right now."

They talked about pricing and warranties and Joy made a deal that couldn't be turned down.

The next day a discreet delivery van pulled up out front. Trent was dressed in a long rain overcoat with a rain hat and sun glasses. The dog was on a leash held in Trent's hand. The delivery driver walked them up to the door step and rang the doorbell.

Janie was waiting for them and answered the door. Taking a moment, she looked over the delivery man who was wearing skin tight pants. She invited them in and he introduced Trent and the dog to her. The dog's name is Elvis. He demonstrated protocol for putting them up or on standby. He went through the owner's manual showing how to maintain, charge, and clean. He went over some sanitary sex instructions, and explained they were designed to be self recharging, but can be charged from a wall plug if necessary. They chatted about the artificial intelligence features. He purposely left out some information so that she would still have some discovery and adventure on her own.

Shutting the door behind the delivery man, she saw the dog was already loyal and stood beside her, wagging its tail. She reached down and petted it, and he rubbed his nose affectionately against her leg. Janie said, "Trent lets take the owner's manual into the room and put them up."

"Ok," Trent said. 

His answer surprised Janie. He was so realistic that it was like she was with a real person. 

Back in the delivery van the driver turned on his laptop computer. He played back the past few minutes. From the eyes of the dog, he could see the nose of the dog rubbing affectionately against her leg. He looked up and the driver got an excellent up skirt shot of her panty covered crotch. She had a nice shaped pussy. The dog has xray vision, thermo vision, and infrared, besides normal. With auto-focus he looked with thermo vision and got an excellent view of her pussy. He turned it off, and drove away. 

"--------------------------"

Chapter Three: Deep Throat Training

"--------------------------"

Trent and Elvis transformed Janie's life. Elvis was always at her feet and very loyal. She had no doubt that he would be a good watch dog. Trent was like having an affair with a secret lover around that never caused any conflicts.

Janie could not help visualizing Robot Jim's tantalizing tongue. In the bedroom Janie addressed Trent. "I am curious about something Trent, could you show me your tongue."

Trent stuck his tongue out about as far as normal. "Like this?" he said.

"Well I want to see how long it is and if you can move it around." Janie was almost impatient.

Trent stuck his tongue out further, nearly a foot, and he twisted it around making it move in curious ways. "Like this?"

Janie squeaked with joy.

Seeing she was happy, Trent asked, "Do you like it?"

Breathless, Janie said, "Oh yes."

Needless to say Janie spent most of the afternoon in bed with Trent. She had never had such pleasure from getting her pussy eaten. Trent fucked her pussy until she was pouring cum, and then she sucked him off. They laid in bed together while she took a nap.

When Janie's husband Rick came back into town, he was shown Trent and Elvis. They were more expensive than a nice dildo or vibrator, but they made Janie happy. Since Janie was happy, he was satisfied. 

Janie was out shopping while Rick enjoyed being at home doing chores and watching football. He invited David the neighbor over for a few beers. They chatted for a while, and Elvis loyally laid down next to Rick. They began to talk about sex and about what kind of dildos their wives liked. David was straight but liked to talk about his wife's kinky ideas.

David said, "my wife can deep throat a thin dildo."

"Awe come on," Rick provoked. 

Responding David said, "Have you got some foot long hot dogs and I'll show you how my hot wife does it." 

Rick kept foot long hot dogs for having cookouts during games. He went to get a package. "Here have one." He handed the package to David. 

"Hot dogs are moist. The short ones are too short to try this. Here watch this."

Rick watched as David took a long hot dog and opened his mouth tilting his head back some. He pushed the hot dog to the roof of his mouth and back. Sure enough it slowly slid right into his throat. 

Rick said, "That was pretty good."

David ate the hot dog, and they laughed.

David was sitting at the edge of the sofa, and petted Elvis.

Rick said, "I learned something new also." He was standing in front of David and Elvis. Rick said, "here, deep throat this."

David leaned forward. 

Rick said, "Not you, the dog. ...Okay maybe later."

Elvis stood on his hind feet, and when Rick pulled out his cock, Elvis engulfed it all the way to the base. After a couple of minutes Rick came down his throat.

David was very impressed. "Wow that was amazing!"

"Wait until you see this," Rick said. "Trent, could you come here, please?"

David was shocked when he saw a naked man walk into the room. 

Rick said, "This is Trent."

David didn't know how to take this seriously. So he said, "Hello Trent, can you deep throat cock?"

Trent said, "I can. Do you suck cock? I bet you can deep throat. Can you deep throat?"

Laughing, David said, "I can deep throat a hot dog."

Trent said, "I have a hot dog for you. Let's see you try it."

Rick was laughing. "Go ahead, it isn't real, and it is clean."

David leaned toward the naked Trent. He took the end of Trent's cock in his mouth. 

Trent made his cock thin about the size of a hot dog. "Take it slowly into the back of your throat. Train your gag reflexes. That is good. You are very good."

Trent continued to make encouraging remarks, and ran his fingers through David's hair passionately telling him how sexy he was.

Rick watched as Trent's cock slowly slid into David's mouth and throat.

Trent released throat lubricant from ports along his shaft, and his cock had an easy glide path into David's throat. Gently Trent started humping David's throat, but at the same time with additional lube he increased the size of his cock width, and the length. 

Rick witnessed David's throat bulging with each gentle thrust.

Trent kept complimenting David's technique training him at the same time.

David's throat had expanded to take a full width cock by the time Trent gushed cum into his throat.

Rick had pulled out his cock and was stroking it. When David's mouth was free, on the spur of the moment, Rick thrust his cock into David's mouth and got the nice warm feeling and the throaty swallowing motions in the back of David's throat. It felt wonderful and Rick compulsively came with volleys of cum in David's throat.

Rick said, "I never knew you were so good!"

David sat there in shock, disbelieving he had just deepthroated two cocks and swallowed cum for the first time from his best friend. 

Rick said, "Kiss my balls." Then he said, "Suck my balls."

Still in dreamland, David kissed and sucked Rick's balls in lust. He sucked balls for the first time and liked it. 

"--------------------------"

Chapter Four: Business Woman Lands on a New Idea

"--------------------------"

The next day David was at lunch with friends telling about sex bots, sexual robots. They laughed and asked questions. 

One of his friends asked, "Do they look good?"

David said, "I have not seen a lady robot but I hear they are very sexy, and will do anything you want!"

"Wow!" They said in chorus.

Amused, a business woman, Linda, was having lunch in the next booth. She overheard the conversation and as a business person the wheels in her head started turning.

The next day Linda took some time in the middle of the day to find the adult store with sexbots for sale. She arrived and went in the store. Looking around she found the section with dolls and robots.

"Can I help you?" A sales lady asked. 

Linda replied, "Yes I want to know more about these sex robots."

The sales lady showed Linda a man robot, and several women robots with different skin color and hair colors. She also motioned toward a robot dog, although she didn't say anything because she could not predict Linda's reaction.

The sales lady noticed Linda had more interest in the women robots. Not prying as to whether Linda was lesbian, she went on to describe the features. Closing the deal, she offered a special price if Linda would take a female robot and a companion dog.

They haggled for a while, and Linda finally settled on a price, and arranged the items to be delivered to her office discreetly. The female robot was a beautiful Asian with black hair, a bushy and hairy pussy, with nice tits and ass.

Linda was pretty nice looking herself, and the delivery guys were surprised, but did their job. They uncovered the robots taking them out of the delivery boxes. They explained how to care for the robots, and went through the contents of the owners manual. 

The dog loyally came to Linda's side, and the Lady robot said, "My name is Sherry, what is yours?"

"Linda."

"Linda you are very attractive. What can I do for you?"

Linda replied, "I am very busy right now but let me see if you can rub my pussy."

Sherry stepped forward and outstretched an arm and hand to Linda's pussy. She erotically stroked Linda's pussy.

"Oh, that is so good!" Linda said with pleasant surprise.

Linda said, "You two follow me to this side room where I want you to stay until later."

Linda's mind was racing. She went back to her computer and sent a message to Craig's List, advertising for an afternoon quickie.
