 ~Brandon~

I was waiting in the park a block away from my house. This was where we promised to meet, and I was more than excited, but I was also very nervous. What I was about to do was very dangerous; I was going to meet a man I have never met in person for the first time. Outside, by myself at 9 PM...Not dangerous at all. 

I wore my nicest clothes, dark tight jeans, my biker boots, my tight black sweater and a leather jacket. Seeing as I arrived on my motorbike, I looked the part of a crazy biker Goth. I was praying to whatever and whoever would listen to my wish that Leo would love me...

I was gently leaning on the back of my black Kawasaki Ninja waiting for my dream man to arrive. I listened as a car drove by; when I looked it was just a taxi. I click my tongue. I was just too excited that everything was Leo... But that taxi stopped.

Two people left that car. One looked my brother and the other looked a lot like Leo. My heart thumped. What the fuck is going on? My brother's hair had grown a little past his shoulders and his hair looked tarnished. Leo looked dark and sexy just like he did on his profile, and he was wearing a suit. 

"Brandon," Steven stated. He looked neither happy nor sad to see me. It was cold. I was also confused because my brother seemed to be packing some weight, and he was never one to let his body go. 

"Steven, how have you been?" 

"I've been better."

Awkward silence. 

"So you must be Leo," I smiled giving him my hand. "I'm very pleased to meet you sir." I gave him a small bow. I was blushing really hard but I couldn't help it because that was the hand that I jerked off to earlier that day. 

"Brandon," he smiled. His voice was so low and sexy I felt a shiver run up my spine. Suddenly my jeans were too tight. 

"So can someone explain to me why my brother and my online—" 

"Boyfriend," Leo supplied. 

"—Boyfriend are both here to see me. Especially when one of the two left the house and left me to the worst parents a kid could have?" 

"Excuse me?" Steven said, taking a step closer to me. "I did not leave you to the worst parents! They are fucking wonderful people! You are just a delinquent! Do you even remember the last thing you said to me, brat? Do you?"

"No, I'm sorry I don't fucking remember!" 

"You ordered me to get you a fucking beer! Then you and your fucking homophobic asshat friends made fun of my sexuality. Now you're expecting me to believe that you're gay and dating my husband's brother? I don't fucking think so!" 

I looked at Leo; I studied his face, his body and his eyes. They were green but they looked similar to...

"You got married to Ryan?" I looked at my brother, my eyes glassy. I was happy for him; he found the happiness that he deserved. 

Steven lifted his left hand and showed me the sliver band on his ring finger and he nodded. 

"And you're Ryan's older brother?" I asked Leo. 

"I hadn't known about this until your brother mentioned something. I'm sorry I brought him here but he insisted he see you." Leo took a step towards me, "I'm so happy to finally meet you, Brandon." He whispered into my ear. I grasped Leo's broad shoulders and sagged, my legs giving out from underneath me. I was thankful for more than one thing. One, Leo wasn't about to kill or rape me like the back of my mind was foretelling. Two, my brother was happy with Ryan. And three, I could finally get away from my family...Hopefully. 

"I'm sorry, Steven. I'm sorry for everything. I never truly agreed with those guys, and I can tell you that after you left I haven't really seen them. I've been alone for so long that talking to Leo has been my only piece of salvation. You don't have to forgive me but don't be mad at Leo as well..." I cried. I tried to keep the tears back as much as I could but it wasn't working. My tears were seeping into Leo's suit jacket and onto my leather jacket.

"I'm not mad at him. I'm mad at you, for doing those things to me. I can't say that I'll forgive you, but I'll support Leo in this relationship and if that means I support you too, then oh well." Steven looked at Leo and nodded, "You either tell him now so he can get home and pack or I'm leaving now. I have no desire to see my house right now. I just want to be with my husband." 

"Tell me what?" I asked leaning away from Leo and back onto my bike. 

"Do you recall those drawings you showed me last week?" 

"The alien ones?" 

"Indeed. Do you recall what they looked like?" Leo asked moving a tad bit further from me. Steven went to the taxi and the car drove away. We were alone now, just Leo, my brother and I. 

"Well, yah I drew them. Leo what are you going on about?" 

Steven walked beside me and smiled, "prepare yourself Bran, because for once I won't be scared." 

Leo stood up straight and a blue light embraced the man. Before I knew it Leo was no longer there, but in his place was a seven foot alien with sliver scales and tail, shoulder length green hair and pale green eyes. He was hissing something to me but I couldn't understand what he was saying. I couldn't move. I wasn't sure if I was happy or scared. 

"He just said that his real name is Xe'Zhi. He is a doctor on the ship where I live, and he isn't here to hurt you." Steven said, looking lazily at the alien. 

Xe'Zhi started to hiss again as he reached his hand out to me. He looked scared, his eyes were pleading for me to take his hand. Or to at least do or say something. I timidly reached my hand out to his and touched his soft warm hands. 

"What did he say?" I asked looking to my brother. 

"He said that he has wanted to show you what he looked like ever since you showed him that image. He wants to take you home with him so that he can take care of you like he wants to." Steven translated carefully. He then said something to the being in front of us and laughed after Xe'Zhi replied. 

"What?" I asked looking between the two. 

"I asked him if he wanted to make love to you and he replied that if he could do it now he would. Listen, Brandon, the ship where we live is really nice. Xe'Trygg is really nice and so is everyone else. Xe'Zhi promises to take care of you. If you come back with us he will give you the language chip—which is how I can converse with them—and he will take care of you for the rest of his life. Believe me, starting a family with them is a scary but wonderful experience and I'm so happy I was taken. But you get the choice; if you don't want to come then he will erase your memory and send you on your way. This night will be nothing more than you seeing your brother for the first time in months." Steven paused, "It's all up to you now." 

This was my biggest dream come true. I got to meet an alien and I got to fall in love. But was it what I really wanted? Did I really want to leave everything behind? Say goodbye to my family? My position at the art school? Did I want to lose it all? Well if I was going to be honest with myself, dating 'Leo' (who was already technically an alien in the sense he came from another country) I might as well go full out and date a real alien. 

"Yes, I'll come with you. Do you mind if I grab a few things from home first?" I smiled. I was scared, but it was a good scared. Kind of... 

~Xe'Zhi~

He looked amazing. Good enough to fucking eat in his tight jeans and top. If it weren't for the fact that Steven was there I would have taken him. Once I took the cloaking device off (the same device that allows us to appear human) Brandon looked as if he was either going to run away from me or jump into my arms. He was certainly torn. 

Once he agreed to come home with me I wanted to kiss him, but he was still too nervous. I had to remind myself baby steps. 

Steven and Brandon hopped onto the bike and they sped off with me running after them in the shadows. Once they arrived at the house I applied the device again and stepped into the lights again. My only fear was how this family was going to react to me. 

"Don't worry," Steven smiled, "I think they'll like you." There he was again, acting like a saint. What shocked me most about the brothers meeting was Steven's reaction. I had never heard him curse that much in one conversation ever. 

"Thank you," I smiled. I gave my hand to Brandon and smiled. "Are you ready?" I asked in his ear. He gave me a small nod and opened the door for me. 

"Where the hell have you been young man!" An older woman said. 

Brandon looked back at us nervously and tried to smile. 

"Mom, I have some people for you to meet. Where's dad?" He asked, his voice shaking in fear. 

"Right here." The old man said gruffly. "Now get in or leave but don't leave that door open." 

All three of use piled into the front door way, looking equally nervous. Brandon ran upstairs quickly and came back down with a backpack and two big bags and placed them by the door then looked at his family. 

His mother and father were staring at me so much they didn't even notice their oldest son standing right beside me. They looked cold. 

"Mom, dad, this is Leo. He's Steven's friend, right Steve?" Brandon looked around me to his brother for support. 

"That's right. He's Ryan's older brother, so he's a good man." Steven tried to smile, he walked closer to his mother and father but they back away from him. "Hey, mom, dad. I've missed you guys." 

Their father looked at Steven with so much disgust I wanted to rip his head off his shoulders. Neither of them said a word to the son they haven't seen in months. 

"Brandon, what does this man have to do with you?" The woman said, eyeing me. 

"He's my boyfriend, mom. I wanted to introduce you to him because I love him. Mom, dad, I'm gay. Just like Steven." That was when the old man snapped. If we were quiet enough I'm sure we could hear his sense of sanity snap, but we were too shocked to stay silent since the man jumped for Brandon's neck with his hands. The man pushed his son to the ground and wrapped his meaty hands around the slender neck and started to squeeze. 

"I thought I fucking told you to *never* show your face around here again if you ever decided to become a fucking *fag*! You boys are a fucking *disgrace* to our family! I'll fucking kill you! He's looks old enough to be my fucking brother! Perverts! Who do you think you are preying on children?" He said to me, at last.

I punched the man in the face, knocking him off his son and onto the floor. I pulled Brandon up and into my arms and I growled at the revolting man. He was to never touch my mate again. 

"Never put your filthy hands on my mate again! I will tear you apart!" I roared. The man pissed his pants and the woman fell to the floor, shaking. I picked my mate up and his two bags and asked Steven to pick the back pack up and we walked out of the house. 

I called the ship to transport us up and we were no longer on Earth in a matter of a few minutes. 

"He...Tried to *kill* me...He tried to kill me..." Brandon kept saying to himself. I kissed the top of his head hoping to calm him down. I looked over to Steven who looked just as scarred. 

"It's okay, Brandon. I'll protect you..." I whispered to my mate. 

***

Once we were in the transport room of the ship Steven was swept into the arms of his mate. Xe'Trygg looked at me with concern. He wrapped his arms around his loved one and cocooned him close to his body.

"Why is he crying?" He whispered to me. The fear and sadness was clear in his eyes. 

"His father tried to kill Brandon..." I whispered back, but it was no use, both brothers shuddered and gave silent cries. "I'm taking him with me. He'll be in bed for a few days because I'm also going to give him the translator." 

Trygg nodded and walked away with his mate, whispering words of comfort. I carried my mate down the hall and brought him to my room. Once the door opened I raced him to my bed and gently placed him on the oversized cushion. 

"I'm going to change back into my original form, Brandon. Please don't worry if you can't understand me. I'm going to sedated you and give you a translator. Your head will be sore for a while and you'll have to stay in bed for a while. But I promise I won't let you get hurt." His hand searched for mine and he squeezed it. 

"I trust you," he tried to smile. I nodded and walked into the bathroom. I took the clocking device off and raced to my office. My cabinet had medicine that I was going to use for pain control. Xolt's use it as a head ache controller but for Brandon it would be perfect.

Then I grabbed the translator. It was the size of my pinkie nail, once I activate it the translator would burry itself into Brandon's head and find the language receptor and translate every language that the Xoltarian race knows. 

Back into my bedroom Brandon was sitting up looking around. He looked so emotionless...

"Your room is very...Classy. Dark woods and stainless steel, I like it." His voice was horse. Just hearing his voice made me want to kill his father, a punch to the face and a warning was not enough.

I nodded and gently pushed him back onto the pillows. I handed him the small pill and a glass of water, he smiled and took it. His smile was empty; there was no way that he was feeling actual joy. I held his hand and waited for the pill to take effect. Soon he was fast asleep. I turned his body onto his belly and activated the translator and placed it on the base of his neck. 

The little thing jumped, suddenly with six little legs and it crawled up his neck. As much as I wanted to look away I couldn't because I had to make sure that the implant went smoothly. It was not common to have accidents during this type of implantation but I was not going to take any chances. Once the electronic found the spot it started to bury itself and I heard muffled moans coming from my mate.

Once it was finished I rolled Brandon back onto his back and kissed his cheek. I checked his heart rate, which was slightly accelerated but that was normal for what happened. For the rest of the night I kept a constant eye on him. He wouldn't wake up till the next day and I was paranoid that something was going to happen to him. 

"You need to wake up soon, Brandon. We have so much to talk about." I held his hand as I fell asleep.