 ***************

So there they were two kindred souls craving each other with a dire need but the fact still remained that one still belonged to another and therefore the other found it impossible to confess what truly resided in his heart. Two men staring into each others' souls, trying to figure out what the other was thinking even if it was written all over their faces. One stood a twenty eight year old six foot four demi God and the other a twenty nine year old five foot nine exotic stud of a man. 

"I want you, I need you, I miss you," Thomas whimpered as he pulled Jonathan's head down to meet his eyes. 

"T don't," Jonathan sighed as he removed Thomas' hands from his neck.

"Don't what?" Thomas asked as he pushed Jonathan to sit on the edge of his desk and moved between his legs. Again he wrapped his hands around Jonathan's neck and buried his face in the crook of his neck while tracing tiny kisses all the way up to his temple. "Hmm don't what; talk to you, come see you, think about you, love you. I can't do that." Thomas added just an inch from Jonathan's ear then started lightly nibbling on his lobe.

"Hey T, come on, you know what that does to me," Jonathan panted trying like hell to keep his composure. 

"Then Show me," Thomas moaned then lightly sucked on his neck. "Show me." 

"Ah...fuck T come on we can't," Jonathan whispered brokenly fighting to hold back a growl fighting like hell to come out. As much as he wanted with every fiber of his being to strip Thomas down to nothing and bend him over his desk and pound his ass into next Tuesday, he made it clear that he couldn't keep up that charade anymore. As great as the need was to keep sneaking around with him, Thomas was a married man of 2 years and father of a 2 year old girl who was also Jonathan's god child or so everyone thought. Thomas meant everything to him and more but he vowed to himself to end this obscene affair of six months with his best friend of 10 years even if it killed him. 

Before Jonathan could manage to gather another thought, Thomas already had his tie in a tight grip almost as if he was trying to choke him but he knew exactly what he was doing, even though Jonathan liked to be gentle with him at times he also liked to play rough and Thomas definitely enjoyed playing the part of the coercer if it meant awaking that primal beast in Jonathan. Thomas eyes drifted towards Jonathan's crotch area and a smug satisfied grin crept on his face instantly once he saw that Jonathan's growing bulge was screaming for some release. 

"Do you hate me is that it? Do you wanna punish me? You wanna see me on my knees giving you what you want right now." As he pulled even harder he could hear Jonathan wince and inhale sharply but he still wasn't getting the reaction he wanted.

"Fuck," he growled when Thomas slapped him across the face. Now Thomas knew he was going to get it and he couldn't have been happier. In the blink of an eye Jonathan grabbed him and attacked his mouth in a hungry kiss that left his lips insanely bruised. "Is this what you want hmm? I'm gonna fuck you Thomas, I'm gonna fuck you hard, do you hear me?" he warned as he shrugged out of his jacket and loosened his tie. He made to secure the door from his computer but his whole body was itching to be on Thomas he decided to do it manually but before he could return to where Thomas stood eagerly waiting for him he was stripped down to a pair of grey waisted red skin tight Calvin Klein boxer briefs. 

'It definitely had to be a sin to look that good.' Jonathan thought as he paced closer to his prey while stripping out of his remnants. He watched as Thomas leaned against the desk and bit on that pouty bottom lip then brushed his hand over his nipple then with a slow torturous glide he caressed his flat stomach then slipped his hands in his tenting boxers. 

"Ready to fuck me hard now?" he asked as he stared into lustful grey eyes with the most innocent expression.

"Hands," Jonathan husked as he wrapped his tie around Thomas' hands. Thomas licked his lips as he looked at the force before him. Those intense grey eyes already did things to him but his best friend was fucking beautiful, handsome, hunky and manly all in one. His strong facial features looked like he needed to be on a magazine cover. That strong broad chest and chiseled torso had the most appealing light dust of hair that he enjoyed touching as much as he loved kissing him. Underwear were meant to cover and restrain but those grey boxer briefs that Jonathan wore did his swelling cock weren't doing a very good job. 

For ten years he knew Jonathan wasn't exactly on the small side but once they started sleeping together couple months ago he really got to know how big it really was. Yeah it was painful the first time Jonathan took him but damn every time he took that monster inside him it was like he was reliving that first night but that didn't mean it wasn't a satisfying ache. No matter how many times they had sex, it always left him wanting more. Everything about the man exuded strength and he had no problem relishing in that whenever they got together. He was basically salivating just by staring at Jonathan but just as he was about to ask for a taste Jonathan beat him to it.

Jonathan pushed him to his knees after which eased his boxers down so that Thomas could get to work. Thomas gave a devilish grin then leaned forward so he could lick the tip of that enormous length. "Ahh fuck," Jonathan groaned in satisfaction at feeling of those succulent lips around his cock again. He held the base of his cock while Thomas worked that expert tongue around his tip but he had no intention of leaving at that, he just wanted Thomas jaws to get used to his girth again before he completely lost control.

Realizing that Thomas was taking a good four inches in his mouth with ease he grabbed a fistful of his hair and slowly started working his length in Thomas' mouth. It may have taken him a month or two before he started sucking Jonathan's cock but best believe once he started he made sure none of Jonathan's past lover exceeded his talents. He had enough of slow and steady especially when he was wound up so tight, he needed to get off and that's what he intended to do.

He looked into Thomas' eyes as he gripped his hair even tighter and started fucking his mouth. At one point he pulled off to give Thomas a breather. Damn Just the image of his glistening cock against his lips was enough to send him over the edge. "Had enough?" he asked a panting Thomas. 

"No give it to me please," he moaned and whispered breathlessly. And Jonathan did give it to him making him gag a few times but Thomas didn't care he wanted Jonathan's come so bad he felt like he was dying from thirst but something told him he wasn't going to get what he wanted as Jonathan kept purposely pulling back when he felt like he was going over. 

One minute he was deep throating Jonathan's cock and the next he was being pulled to his feet. "Go wait for me in the bedroom," commanded Jonathan in low compelling assertive tone which caused Thomas to look up into dark lustful eyes which was all too familiar and missed. Thomas knew exactly the whirlwinds of fury that Jonathan was ready to unleash but he didn't care, he needed it, hell he wanted nothing else. He knew Jonathan was in no mood to make love, he wanted wild hard, mind blowing repeated orgasms and using Thomas' body just for that and Thomas was more than happy to give him what he wanted. 

Jonathan knew he shouldn't do whatever he was planning at that point but his painfully hard cock wasn't making him see rational reason. And with that he picked up the phone and told Allison not to bother him for anything. Before he left for the bedroom he poured himself a bit of cognac and left to unleash his fury. Approaching the bedroom he could hear Niykee Heaton's - bad intentions playing. He had no idea how he managed to do that being that his hands were still bounded behind his back but then again he wasn't surprised, his boy knew how to get what he wanted. Standing at the bedroom door he observed an impatiently naked Thomas sitting on his folded legs and hands behind him.

As much as he wanted to be buried balls deep inside Thomas at that moment, he also got off on watching Thomas squirm with want, to him that was the ultimate turn on. He grabbed hold of his cock and started stroking it after which slapping the heavy flesh against his stomach drawing an agonizing moan from Thomas and that right there let Jonathan know just how ready he was and just how badly he wanted him. With two long strides he reached his wanting company who was now sensitive everywhere and begging to be touched. 

"Ethan...," Thomas whimpered helplessly as Jonathan push him back on his back and leaned over him straddling both his thighs. One look at Thomas' quivering lips and he knew he had to taste them and with that he leaned down and captured his lips with so much hunger and want he felt like if he ever let go he may just die. Lips and teeth clashed with each other till tongues started sucking and tasting each other. And just when Jonathan thought he couldn't get any harder, Thomas let out an agonizing whimper which went straight to his cock. Jonathan started sucking harder and Thomas submitted completely to that feeling. They both wanted more but they had to catch their breaths or instead of taking a trip to nirvana someone was going to need resuscitation. 

Jonathan managed to break away first and noticed just how bruised Thomas' lips were from all that tongue wrestling which was sexy as all fucks to Jonathan. Jonathan then reached over towards the bed side table drawer and took out a bottle of lube and a set of three magnums. With that Jonathan tore one off and opened it with his teeth after which sliding it unto his engorged member and all the while still staring into Thomas's enticing blue eyes. He poured some of the lube unto his cock after which forcing Thomas on his hands and knees and proceeded to get Thomas ready with his lubed up fingers. By this Thomas was going insanely out of his mind with need. "Oh baby please fuck me," Thomas squirmed helplessly as he looked at Jonathan over his shoulder. 

"You won't be saying that once I start believe me," he husked and smirked wickedly. 

"Oh god Ethan I don't care just give it to me please." He begged desperately.