 **********

Jonathan gazed at the empty glass and a bottle of Macallan single malt scotch across from him on his coffee table as he vaguely recalled why he had fallen asleep on the couch the night before. "Here goes another day of existing but not really living," he mumbled to himself as he returned the bottle to his private bar and headed off to take a shower. As he lathered himself with a dollop of Axe Black body wash he noticed his cock inflating more by the second. It's been two weeks since he had that satisfying heat wrapped around his painfully rejected member much less an orgasm so a few strokes was all it took for him to shoot an enormous load against the wall. God he missed that body but it was all for the best. 'Gotta move on,' he told himself.

At eight in the morning, approximately an hour later, Samuel his dear friend and driver awaited his presence outside the "Empire Gold" condominium where he lived and also owned. Samuel was one of his trusted and respected employees for nearly four years and he was proud to call the wiser man a true friend. Samuel was a good man, nonjudgmental, open minded, humble, kind and young at heart, for a 56 year old that is. 'Now, that man knew how to live,' Jonathan thought to himself almost enviously.

10 minutes later Jonathan left his penthouse to meet Samuel who was already waiting for him downstairs and the pair left for the city which was approximately 15 minutes away. He made the conscious decision not to live in the midst of the city but close enough so he could be readily available for work or otherwise. "So how are you this morning Mr. Donovan," Samuel asked politely.

"Sam I told you, you don't have to be so formal," Jonathan said with a deep sigh. 

"Oh I know, I was just checking to see if you were still here, you seem a bit distracted this morning," Samuel added warmly and quite worriedly. 

"Yeah, sorry old friend, I got a lot on my mind, you wouldn't understand" Jonathan stated without thinking. 

"Son, I've served the army for fifteen years, not to mention married the biggest mouth in the neighborhood and to sum it all up I buried my oldest kid. Now tell me what more is there in this world for me to endure or even push me away hmm?" 

"Yeah I guess you're right Sam," Samuel mumbled unintelligibly looking through the window at the moving traffic. Jonathan attempted to convey something to Samuel but his eyes captured a box of Emerald's Bakery jelly filled donuts on the dashboard and suddenly remembered that his client this morning was a 12 year old entrepreneur whom he had to impress and convince to let his company take over the branding and advertising for her product which was now getting great highlights in the media. After all a kid's a kid right even if you're a child genius. Normally he'd have his assistant Allison take care of stuff like this but this morning he thought a change in his all too familiar routine might help his now clouded mood. 

Emerald's Bakery was located in the midst of the city, on the corner of 23rd and 25th. According to a startup blog who got to interview the manager said EB was opened five years ago but wasn't getting enough exposure until of late when a well known actress, Crystal Brinkley happened upon the most delectable, mouthwatering, orgasmic piece of chocolate mud cake she's ever tasted, thus the hottest bakery and recently coffee spot in Manhattan, for the time being that is until the next new attraction surfaces. After all that was all what businesses were about right; fierce competitions, the struggle to reach and stay at the top. 

In ten minutes time they arrived at the bakery which seemed to have undergone some recent renovations. It had this down south country style ambiance to it and it was starting to intrigue Jonathan to discover what really resided behind those doors. Jonathan insisted that he could manage to open the door on his own but Samuel was there to open the door in a matter of seconds before Jonathan could talk him out of it. "Just doing my job sir," he said tipping off his forehead imitating a salute with the silliest smile on his face which made his eyes crinkle. 

"You're something else Sam, something else..." Jonathan murmured easing out of the back seat trying his best not to laugh out uncontrollably. "Come on soldier let's get you a fresh box of baked goods, on me," Jonathan insisted patting Sam on his shoulder.

From outside one could smell the faint aroma of what was brewing inside but once the double glass, chiming doors swung open, you were instantly taken by the treasures which resided inside. Jonathan was enthused by how warm and cozy such a small clustered space could be. One visit and he knew this was now going to be a morning ritual for him and Sam. Sam took his time eyeing and admiring each piece of baked dream which was displayed oh so fancily. While it had a country aura to it, it was also adorned like a French bakery with macaroons and croissants, even cronuts that everyone was so obsessed with at the moment. Jonathan got so overwhelmed with everything; he knew he was going to need some help making a decision. 

For a minute he stooped down looking through the display glass then stood up abruptly hitting his head on a light fixture which was now dangling steadily above. For a minute he forgot that he towered over everyone else in the small bakery. There he stood at 6'4" medium muscular built, medium light skin tone, thick black brows, full long lashes, grey eyes, jet black hair kept rather short, chiseled jaw lines and ridiculously broad shoulders draped in a grey tailored suit which fitted his frame perfectly; paired with that was a tan colored designer coat with brown Italian leather ankle shoes and a bursts of polo red cologne which oozed from his garment with his every movement. He winced at the sharp pain he felt but he was soon distracted by an infectious stifled giggle which stood just inches below. 

The serious uptight over analyzing business man in him was livid at whoever thought it was convenient or even sensible to hang a light fixture at that particular spot but then again you didn't see 6'4" giants walking around everyday either, that's unless you were a part of the NBA. He steered down intently at the 3' wonder covering her face shyly with her teddy bear trying to hide her toothless smile. Jonathan couldn't help but chuckle at the little girl with admiration and partly because she reminded him of another 3' wonder who was very close to his heart. She stopped smiling and looked up worriedly at a now sad giant. "It's ok it won't hurt very long Mr. Giant ," Jonathan looked down puzzled at the little girl but soon realized that his earlier thought must've shown a hint of sadness making her think it was because of his head bump.

"May I?" Jonathan asked the girl's mother hinting that he was going to pick her up. With her ok he picked her up and showed her where he bumped his head. "See, nothing's there, not even a little scratch".

"So why are you sad Mr. Giant?" 

"Well, you remind me of a very special little girl and I miss her very much." 

"Well then why don't you go and visit her?" 

"That's a great idea, now why didn't I think of that," Jonathan gave her his warmest smile causing her to flash that adorable smile again. "Tell you what, if your mom says it's ok, you can pick anything you want from that shelf right there and I'll get it for you," Jonathan said pointing at the glass case. 

"Mommy can I, can I please?" she pleaded making both her mom and Jonathan chuckle. 

"Ok Amy that's enough, if the kind gentleman wants to buy you a desert for later it's ok, just remember to say thank you." 

"Ok thank you mommy." "Mr. Giant I would like that one please," Jonathan knew he should probably correct her and tell her his real name but he thought it was the cutest thing ever and he couldn't bring himself to correct her. 

"One chocolate mousse cake coming right up Amy." And with that he doubled the ordered, one for Amy and the other for his client. He also paid for Samuel's box of jelly filled donuts while leaving a huge tip for the young girl who took his order and returned them in no time and left after handing Amy back to her mother along with her order.

Almost three hours later and he was in the CEO's office, his office sitting by the window with his fingers intertwined twiddling with his thumbs, his right ankle rested above his left knee taking in the most breathtaking view of Central Park. "I'd ask if all that thinking is about me but we both know I'm not that important anymore right." Thomas Clarke, Jonathan's best friend of ten years walked into the highly secured office and sat on the bigger black couch of two. Jonathan was a bit shocked but not surprised that Thomas was there in his office especially after he asked him not to. 

"Guess I don't have to wait for a response, your silence always spoke volumes. Sometimes I wish I didn't know you so well." Jonathan could hear Thomas' voice break right there at the end and with that he knew he wouldn't be able to keep up that nonchalant attitude much longer. "How do you go from not being able to make through the day without hearing my voice to writing me off all together; how do you do something like that? What is it, w-w-what did I do something wrong, is that it?" Thomas demanded realizing that all his efforts of trying to keep it together all but went through the window. 

"For fuck sakes Thomas please stop this!" Jonathan retorted with a hint of anguish in his tone. "Let's just end this once and for all ok, we're here because you weren't willing to walk away from the white picket fence and I can't stand the thought of you with anyone anymore so..." before he could continue Thomas cut in with a vengeance. 

"Are you fucking serious right now, so you had absolutely no idea that I was married six months ago when you fucked me for the first time; nor the hundred other times after that. You kissed me you son of a bitch, you started it and you have the gall to sit there and tell me that nonsense, really that's the best you could come up with." 

"I don't wanna argue with you T. I know now that it was unfair of me to expect anything more from you and I apologize if I put you in a compromising position but we can't keep this up anymore." It killed him to say those words but he knew they needed to be said. Whether it was gonna bring closure to them both or influence Thomas to walk away from his other life and be with him, he didn't know but he knew he needed to stop torturing himself. 

"T what the fuck!" Jonathan cried out when a sharp pain connected the back of his head which caused him to thrust his body forward and plant both feet on the ground. A sudden thud on the ground made him realize the object that hit him was a water bottle. He got up and walked around to the front of his desk staring at Thomas who had the most innocent look on his face like he hadn't done anything. "Stop making that face," he murmured as he shoved his hands in his pockets. One look at Thomas and Jonathan knew he was in trouble. How could one person have that much effect on him? 

"I wanted to punch you but then I thought you probably wouldn't let me kiss if you had a busted lip. I love your lips." Thomas bound his hands behind his back as he paced closer to the man whose fingers were wrapped around his heart. He hated that he had to use sex to get close to Jonathan but he was desperate. After everything they'd gone through, Jonathan was ready to throw in the towel just like that. He didn't want to be the person who begged after the one he loved threw him away but if it meant swallowing his pride to get his man back then that's what he'd do. "I'm pissed at you but I miss you more, don't you miss me?" he whispered as he shrugged out of his blue blazer and threw it on the couch. 

"Don't!" Jonathan warned but even as he was trying to sound serious he was already aroused from the moment Thomas started chewing on his bottom lip, that right there was his weakness. Hell, just looking at Thomas made him hard; the man was sexier than anyone had any right to be. He now stood in a tight white t-shirt and blue fitted jeans with a pair of blue suede loafers to match his blazer and alluring blue eyes. His beeline honey hair in a side swept undercut which sort of looked like it glowed when exposed to sunlight made him look somewhat enchanted. 

"You told me not to call but I called anyway. You told me not to stop by but here I am, if you didn't want me here why didn't you tell security not to let me in? You want me here with you Ethan just admit it." Now Jonathan knew he was definitely in trouble. From the moment they met ten years ago in college, he could recall Thomas addressing him as Jonathan probably five times, Thomas always insisted on calling him Ethan and it definitely became even more special since they began the affair six months ago. Only Thomas called him by his middle name and that somehow made their bond even stronger.

He got so distracted by his thoughts he hadn't even realized that Thomas was standing directly in front of him staring up into his eyes. He was almost startled when Thomas placed both hands on his chest then slowly ran then up till they rested on either side of his neck; he could feel an instant jolt run right through him at that moment but it only seemed to go right to his cock. Going from sex every other day with Thomas to none in the past two weeks had him especially tense, he needed to unwind and there standing before him was the person he needed more than air, what to do.