 I didn't pay too much attention when Dad announced that we would have another house guest for a few days. He is a lecturer at the local university and often invites his research students back for a meal or to stay for the weekend. Usually they are pretty boring, content to have long, earnest discussions with Dad over endless cups of coffee in his den. So you can understand why it wasn't with any great sense of excitement that I watched Dad's beat-up Ford pull into the driveway and saw two passengers emerge. Dad came up the porch steps followed by what seemed to be an enormous bunch of flowers on legs. When the bouquet was handed over to Mom, Xui emerged from behind the foliage smiling shyly. Xui, (He told us to pronounce it Shu-way) was small and slim with a round smiling face and large uptilted brown eyes. 

Over a meal he told us that he had left Hong Kong three years ago to study in England and had just arrived in the States to carry out further research work. His English was good but he had some quirky expressions of his own that made us all smile. I learnt that he was a year or so older than me, (about 20) but his boyish looks made him seem much younger. He was certainly different from the usual students that Dad took under his wing and I could see that he had already made a big hit with Mom, who fluttered around him like a mother hen. The autumn semester wasn't due to start for another two weeks and the residential halls were empty apart from a few post-grads., so Xui gratefully accepted Mom's invitation to extend his stay with us.

Despite my earlier reservations, I had already taken a liking to the guy and for the next few days I showed him around town and introduced him to a few of my buddies. The following day was rainy and cold, so we spent the afternoon chilling out in my room while Xui took my elderly Compaq apart. He was a bit of a computer freak and promised me that things would run much better when he had finished. All the bits seemed to fit back together OK and I watched over his shoulder as he started it up and made some final adjustments. I twitched with embarrassment when I noticed that he had accidentally hit upon my collection of downloaded porn pics -dammit, I had forgotten all about them! 

But Xui's only reaction was to give a little "Hoh" of interest and he started to eagerly scan through the files. A couple of times I noticed that he reached down to his crotch to rearrange himself and I began to relax -the guy was clearly enjoying himself. It was quite a while before he looked up at me and grinned. "Ver' good, Mark." Adding casually. "You got more boys?" I must have looked puzzled, for he added. "I like to see boy with ver' big..." 

He pointed down to the small bulge in his pants. "You know. Ver' big there." He frowned and shook his head in mock disappointment. "Me, I'm not so big...ver' sad." I smiled, not sure where this conversation was going, but he completely threw me with his next question. "You big boy, Mark?" Jeez, I mean, how do you answer a question like that? I mumbled something, but just at that moment I was saved when I heard the sound of a car horn outside; my buddies, Steve and Jeff had arrived to take us out for the evening. Reluctantly, Xui shut down the computer and we went downstairs to meet them.

The evening was a bit of a disaster. The place was crowded and noisy and all the available girls seemed to have a burly football jock in tow, so there was no future for us there. We found a table in the corner and planned our next move, eventually deciding on a few beers. Jeff. wasn't too keen as he was the one to stay sober and drive. Nevertheless, it was several hours later when he deposited Xui and I back in the driveway after a noisy drive home. For a little guy, Xui could certainly hold his liquor and we were both still in party mood as we attempted the porch steps. We made it on the second attempt, our arms entwined for mutual support. As I fumbled for the door latch, Xui turned to me and said solemnly. "You ver' good frien' Mark" A sentiment which was rather spoilt by a loud belch, so I answered in my best John Wayne. "Sure thing, pardner. Now let's head for the ol' bunkhouse."

***********

A wise man once said. "Nobody buys beer -you only rent it." The truth of that hit me at about four in the morning as I woke up with a pressing need to pee. My head felt like it was stuffed with cotton candy and I had to wait for it to clear before making an unsteady trek to the bathroom to answer the call. I had just made it back to bed and was ready to switch off the light when I heard the click of the bedroom door opening and a familiar voice call quietly. "Mark, you 'wake?"

"Sure" I answered. "What's up? "Nothing. Can't sleep...." He made a sudden dash for the open door of the bathroom and I heard him take a long leak. I remembered that his room didn't have its own bathroom and in his muddled state he probably couldn't remember his way to the one on the landing. He emerged into the dim light of my bedroom, retying the sash of his robe and walked over to the bed. He looked down at me and said solemnly. "I need that ver' much. I think my balls nearly burst." 

I laughed out loud -he'd probably got that one from Steve, who had a colorful way with words. Xui looked puzzled at my reaction, so I tried to explain that it wasn't one of those expressions used much in polite company, finishing with. "Anyway, it usually means that you need a good jerkoff." He nodded seriously and said in a small voice. "Perhaps" I looked up sharply and was surprised to see tears forming in his eyes. "Hey, ol' buddy. What's the matter?" I asked anxiously, thinking that I might have somehow upset him.

But it was a classic case of homesickness brought on by too much alcohol. He was missing his family and friends back in Hong Kong -they had saved hard to send him to Europe and he hadn't seen them for over three years. As he told me about his life in China and the friends he had left behind in England, I began to wonder just how I would have felt in his place. My years at college had included plenty of holidays and weekend trips back home -how would I have managed all those years of study in a strange land with a different culture and language? 

I saw Xui begin to shiver in the chill of the early morning, so I pulled the bedcovers aside and he slipped in beside me without any sign of reluctance or embarrassment. He was still upset, so I slipped a friendly arm over his shoulder and he lay back, slowly recovering from his fit of depression. The feel of his slim body against mine began to have a strange effect on me. Jeff and I had been secret jerking partners at school and we still occasionally indulged ourselves -usually after a frustrating evening with our girlfriends - but it was always a matter of seeking the brief pleasure of a quick relief, after which we would get on with something else. 

This was something new - something deeper and strangely exciting. My cock started to strain against the fabric of my boxers and I felt a strong desire to stroke Xui's golden skin. I shifted up the bed slightly, as if I was making myself more comfortable, and slid my hand through the collar of his silk robe to cup his shoulder with my hand. He gave a long hiss and I felt him shudder at my touch. Thinking I had gone too far, I drew my hand away, but he gave me a sidelong glance and shrugged out of the robe, allowing me to explore his smooth back. I felt his hands move under the covers as he struggled to untie the sash at his waist and a rustling sound as he drew his robe apart. 

Eagerly, I threw the bedcovers to one side to reveal Xui's slim, boyish body, gleaming in the soft glow of the bedside light. When he said he wasn't big, he hadn't lied. His little brown pecker peeped out from a halo of black hair with just a hint of a shiny cockhead peeking from the shroud of his foreskin. One of my other jerking buddies in high school had been a black guy called Maurice and I had always been fascinated by the sight of the tight black curls which covered his groin like black lamb's wool. Xui's bush was just as fascinating. The hair grew out long and straight, fanning out from the root of his cock and forming a perfect nest for his ball sac. 

I would have liked to study it for longer, but Xui had his own research in mind by then. He leant over me and hooked his thumbs into the waistband of my shorts, drawing them down slowly over my hips. I lifted my butt slightly and he slipped them down to my knees, giving a long drawn out "ho...oh!" of delight as my stiff cock sprang out of its cloth prison. " So nice, Mark. You are ver' big boy!...So nice!" He whispered, breathless with excitement. He wrapped a cool hand round my shaft and gave it a few experimental strokes, smiling up at me with a questioning look in his large almond eyes. I smiled back weakly and nodded. He could do what he liked. There was no way we could stop now -not that either of us wanted to. So I just lay back and closed my eyes and let Xui take control. Soon I began to writhe and groan softly with delight as his hands, his lips, and his tongue roamed all over my aching groin. This was something else! 

My hands caressed his smooth back until I could take no more and I reached around his waist, pulling him upwards. Xui understood and slid his supple body round so that his stiff little cock pointed straight towards my face. Even as I watched, his cockhead escaped from the confines of its foreskin and slowly expanded into a shiny, mahogany-colored mushroom, while his testicles had contracted tightly inside their pouch, making it look like a single round sphere. Slipping both hands round Xui's slim waist, I grabbed both his butt cheeks and drew him towards my mouth, feeling the coarse hair of his pubic bush against my lips as I engulfed him. I was conscious of the sweet, spicy smell of an expensive aftershave and a thought flashed through my mind - had Xui planned this encounter? Not that I could have cared less -my lust had completely taken over and I kneaded his tight butt cheeks mercilessly as I slurped and sucked at his throbbing dick.

It was all too good to last and I began to feel a familiar tingle announcing my approaching climax. I tried to warn Xui by pushing gently on his head, but it was too late! My orgasm was so strong that it was almost painful: My cum throbbed up my cock into his waiting mouth and I could feel it spurting heavily against his tongue. Xui's prick had taken up the rhythm and moments later I felt his cockhead expand and I tasted the warm saltiness of his cumming. I had taken his cock so far back into my mouth that I gagged as stream after stream hit the back of my throat -dammit Xui will you never stop?

At last it was over for both of us and we both lay recovering, panting hard. Neither of us had thought of taking our mouths away from their treasures and I could feel Xui's cock softening as I gently pressed against it with my tongue. With a sudden 'plop' his cockhead retreated back into its sheath and I playfully tickled at its puckered tip with my tongue, knowing that it would still be incredibly sensitive. Below me, a muffled giggle came from Xui as he retaliated by gently nipping my own cockhead with his teeth. We fooled about for a few minutes more as we came down from the high of our mutual climax. With a final sigh, Xui's mouth gently slipped away from my cock and I felt the chill of the night air on its damp tip. 

I released Xui, gripping him softly with my lips as he slid away. There was a sudden rustle of sheets and Xui's face appeared at my side once more. The smile he gave me was soft and shy, with a gentle hint of enquiry, as if to say. "Was that good?" My smile must have conveyed my feelings for he snuggled up to me like a puppy and gently nipped my shoulder. I guess that we both must have fallen asleep like that, because the next thing I remember was the sunlight streaming through the open window and the sounds of the suburban estate coming to life outside. I reached out, but Xui's slim body wasn't there. He couldn't have been gone for long, because his warmth still lingered on the crumpled sheets. I felt strangely disappointed but I knew that we would both make sure of more times together.

That was nearly two years ago. Xui is back in Hong Kong, working for a large exporting company with many connections with the US. His regular emails still refer to the many sessions we shared together and we are both looking forward to his visit in a few weeks time. Yes, I did ask him whether he had set out that to seduce me that first night, but all I got in answer was an enigmatic smile that creased his almond eyes into half-moons. Apart from occasional jerkoffs with Jeff and Steve, I haven't had any other male experiences and haven't sought any, but even now I'm getting a tingle in my loins as I dream of Xui's boyish body lying beside me once again.