 **************

Six weeks later Jonathan drove an hour to long island where his parents lived. He wasn't in any mood to talk golf and business with his father but he really missed his mother and he also had a slight motive to visiting her, he really wanted her advice on his current situation. To him she was the wisest person in his eyes and from giving the best advice she always knew what he needed even if he didn't know. 

In his Lincoln MKZ he drove at mad speed trying not to think about Thomas. For weeks he'd been driving himself mad thinking about him and how they'd left things, he couldn't erase the look on Thomas' face out of his head. There was so much sadness and defeat in his eyes. Many times he attempted to call especially after hearing from a mutual friend that Thomas and Marian had separated but then he remembered that it was his idea initially to end things and maybe it was for the best but it still didn't make it easier. 

He buzzed the gate of his parents 20000 sqft mansion and drove around the circular drive way with a huge water fountain of a Picasso look alike in the center. That was all his mothers' doing. She had a very androgynous taste which reflected throughout the house's decor. Before he got out of the car he could see his parents making their way to the front steps which were covered in Italian made mini tiles all placed individually by a highly recommended artist. 

Despite his very foul and groggy mood the minute he saw his mom he went completely mush inside especially when she had the most adorable grin on her face. He got out of the car and tossed the keys to Danny the caretaker who was making his way to Jonathan. "Nice to see you again Mr. Donavon." 

"You too Danny," Jonathan responded warmly to the older man he's known since he was a child. As he made his way up the ten steps leading to the massive two doors entrance he noticed his father standing there with a glass of cognac in hand as always and a hand around his mom's waist. 

Thirty years of marriage and they still managed to love each other as unconditionally as ever despite each others' faults. First he gave his father a firm handshake then a very loving hug, then a warm tight hug from his mother almost lifting her off the ground after which placing to kisses on each cheek and one on her forehead. "Oh my baby's home," she crooned in her most nurturing voice rubbing Jonathan's back. 

"Will you stop calling him that? He's clearly not a baby, look at the size of this guy, I wish I could say you got that from me son but we both know that's not the case, your mother is two inches taller than I am for god sakes." Jonathan couldn't help but let out a barking laughter at his father's comment especially when he saw that his mother creasing her lips trying not to laugh.

"Not that I'm not happy to see you darling but why the sudden drop by, you don't exactly live down the street," his mother asked sounding somewhat worried. 

"Yeah about that, I really need to talk to you about something mom," Jonathan said answering only to Juliette who was now planted dead in her path studying her son's face for anything to let her know it wasn't anything serious but his eyes said it all. She knew her child like the back of her hand and her baby wasn't ok. 

"What's the matter son? I hope it's nothing to do with the company, you know what it took for me to give you complete control. Don't disappoint me son." Jonathan noticed his mom whole demeanor starting to change and cut in immediately before she sent her blood pressure up, he knew how protective she was of him. 

Grasping his father firm on the shoulder he began. "Dad come on we've been over this, I need you to trust that I know what I'm doing, I mean not to sound smug but quite frankly since the company's been under my control, profits have sky rocketed plus we have more clients and accounts than we can handle. Listen I know it was hard walking away after so much years but trust me when I say I got this ok."

Richard looked up at his son with so much pride and gratitude he knew he couldn't ask for a better person to take over. "I know son I'm sorry for being such a grump at times but I know you, hell you're a better man than I was at your age."

"Come on that's not true, why else would mom have married you." 

"Hell if I know, I don't understand why she still puts up with me half of the time." 

"For the same reason you put up with me my love," Juliette assured her husband then planted a kiss on his mouth causing Jonathan to steer at them with so much awe. "Let's go to my office darling," Juliette called Jonathan who was now holding the door open for his parents to enter. 

Closing the door after they entered he turned around taking in the main halls' décor which appeared to have undergone some recent renovations for the umpteenth time. Everything was color coded in white except for the chandelier which was mixed with black and white crystals. The twin staircase, the huge white plush carpet plus imported tiles were also white and the list goes on. The house was spectacular, he really wanted more than anything to live in something as beautiful as that one day, now if only...

Juliette handed her husband a palette with an avocado salsa dip and whole grain nacho chips for him to indulge after sending him to the entertainment area to watch a previously recorded golf game while she spoke to her son in confidence in her botanical garden which she referred to as her office. While in the kitchen waiting for his mother to return he opened the seven feet fully transparent glass refrigerator which his mom told him she saw on some television show, and took out an organic beer which to his surprise didn't taste any different than the regular kind and a slice of pineapple which was one of his favorite things in the world to eat. 

"Darling just take the whole thing out before you soil your shirt, you know you're just going to end up eating them all," came his mother's know it all voice from over his shoulder. He couldn't argue with her about that so he just grabbed the platter of sliced pineapples and followed his mother through the side door which led a polished stoned path to the botanical garden which had all sorts of exotic plants and flowers and a small pond filled with exotic goldfishes, and koi fishes with a garden bridge which led to two huge red oak trees with a sofa swing dangling between them both.

"I don't mean to be pushy, well actually I do, what's the matter sweetheart," Juliette asked cupping her son's face in her small soft nurturing palm. Putting down the now empty platter and beer bottle on the stone made table. Jonathan rubbed his mother's hand gently and brought it to his lips and kissed it before he answered. 

He knew his mom loved him regardless but he'd lying if he said he wasn't even a bit skeptic to tell her about Thomas who she's known all of 9 years and what he'd been keeping from him. When it was time to visit his parents it was always the both of them, Jonathan always insisted that coming without Thomas wasn't an option. He recalled his mother and his younger brother Patrick loved Thomas right off the bat but it took his father a while longer to warm up to him especially after hearing that he was living with Jonathan rent free. 

His father had said he thought Thomas was free loading off of him but Jonathan had immediately set things clear without sounding disrespectful to his dad, he clarified everything before he had a chance to say one more ill word about Thomas.

"Is this about Thomas?" Jonathan looked at his mother puzzled as to how she could possibly know who he was going to talk to her about especially when he didn't even say a word. 

"How..." Jonathan began but got cut off when Juliette started explaining. 

"We called Marian to video chat with Belle last week and she said she wasn't living at home anymore so I should call Thomas, I asked her what she meant she just showed us her ring less finger and hung up. "So rude I never really understood what Tommy saw in that girl." She creased her forehead and shook her head in disapproval. 

"Anyway I excused myself and called Thomas just in case it was anything serious; it took him a while to answer but when he did he didn't sound so good. I asked him if he wanted to talk about it and he told me no. When I mentioned Marian he looked almost happy when I mentioned their separation so I knew it couldn't be that. 

I considerately asked if I should call you and he all but forbade it so I promised him I wouldn't. I didn't want to force him so I told him I'd talk to him some other time but I already knew what it was, I've known him for nine years, he's like my own and his voice said it all when I mentioned your name. Finally everything was clear. He's in love with you darling, and I know you are too, only longer than he has. Am I wrong?" Juliette asked her son wiping away the one streak of tear she saw rolling down his face.

"Oh god I messed up mom and I don't know how to fix it," Jonathan sighed with frustration but partly relieved because his mother was being her usual understanding and supporting self. It wasn't a secret that he indulged in both sexes but there was a bigger issue at hand.

"Yes you do baby, unless you don't want to fix it, is there a reason why you wouldn't want to fix it." Jonathan looked at her unsure at first as to how she knew him so well but then he really had to think about it. He'd be lying if he said he didn't want to show up at Thomas' house and pour his whole heart out to him after apologizing for the way he treated him but an even bigger part of him was scared shitless that if he did, he had to confess other things and knowing Thomas it could only go downwards after that.

"He needs to know everything baby boy, everything," Juliette assured him after he divulged something to her. 

"I know mom, it just kills me to see him hurt you know," he sighed massaging his forehead with his fingertips. "You don't seem surprised, why's that?" Jonathan asked looking at his mother suspiciously and curiously. 

"I know you sweetheart, you're my child, I could always tell; I'm not proud of what you did but I know your heart was in the right place. You know, you and your father think you're so hard faced but you two are the mushiest men I've ever come across," his mother expressed with the broadest smile while caressing her son's large hand. 

"Patrick and I are lucky to have you, you know that," he told his mom then kissed the top of her head. 

"Speaking of your brother he'll be back from Spain within the next week or so, will you please keep an eye on him dear?" his mother asked hopefully. He looked at his mother incredulously then began. 

"Mom come on do you even have to ask; listen don't worry about it, I'll take care of Patty ok," he assured her then looked down at his Cartier Rotonde de Cartier Astrotourbillon watch, it was five minutes to three which meant he had about two hours before he got to Thomas' house which was in Staten Island. 

Jonathan couldn't mask his appreciation for his mother at that moment, he loved how she always seemed to make things better and with that he leaned down and kissed her on the forehead and helped her to her feet. "Listen I'll fill your father in on everything, just go to Tommy. He already knew you were smitten with that boy from the first time you brought him home you know."

"I was not!" Jonathan defended but he wasn't doing a very good job as he was fighting a blush threatening to stain his cheeks.

"Yeah exactly. I'll tell you all about it when you and Thomas stop by for Thanksgiving but right now you need to go. And with that Jonathan kissed his mother on the forehead again then ran to tell his father he was leaving then left. A little over two hours later Jonathan arrived at his penthouse after making a quick stop for something that could change everything. However he left immediately after he took a shower and packed an overnight bag. He didn't know how he was going to approach Thomas about everything but fretting about it wasn't helping either. 'Impossible to win great prizes without running risks right,' he thought.

********************

After crying for the second time that day silently as he curled up in bed, showered then made a call to one of his favorite Chinese restaurant for an order of stuffed dumplings and chicken Lou mien which were Belle's favorite but he'd come to love them as well. She wasn't there to indulge with him but he thought since he hadn't eaten all day nor the day before he could handle it. Lately to prevent Belle from seeing him sad he's had to come up with some pretty creative ways to keep her distracted especially when Marian no longer lived there, not that they were ever the typical nuclear family to begin with but like Jonathan had said Belle's a smart girl.

"Jonathan..." and just like that his eyes were welling up again and he had to reassure himself once again that ending things was for the best but it still didn't help the fact that he missed Jonathan so fucking much. Fifteen minutes or so later he heard the doorbell but despite his gruesome mood he knew he had to give the delivery person a nice tip, they made it in record time which never happened before. 

With that he pulled himself together the best he knew how, grabbed his wallet from off the kitchen counter and headed for the door. Nothing could've prepared him enough for what he saw next. One minute he was reciting a speech for the delivery person in his head and the next he knew he was staring at the last person he thought he'd see that day; his heart was beating so fast he felt like it wanted out. 

"T!" was all he could hear, just an echo of his name falling off firm desirable lips he wished would do those things to him that they used to and right then he could start to feel his body beginning to get unresponsive and there was nothing he could do to stop it. It also didn't help matters that he hadn't eaten for almost two days straight nor had he had a decent meal in however longer.

He couldn't tell how long he was out for but he woke up to Jonathan's voice in the other room apparently talking on the phone and a seductive scent which he knew all too well, Jonathan's cologne was divine and he wished Jonathan was holding him right then. He felt bare like he no longer had on his jeans so he looked under the covers noticing that his pant were gone and he was now sporting only his grey boxer brief and grey t-shirt. He heard Jonathan telling whoever on the phone bye and his first thought was to pretend like he was still sleeping and that's what he did. 

When he didn't hear anything he opened his eyes but to his surprise Jonathan was standing there steering down intently at him. "How are you feeling?" came that deep assertive yet concerned voice that always shook him to his very core and that he missed so much but all that it did at that very moment was send a jolt to his cock and made his hole twitch with need, god how he missed Jonathan being inside him. 

The truthful thing to say at that moment would've been, horny as fuck or miserable without you but he had to remind himself that Jonathan wasn't there to see him; he must've thought Belle was there but she wouldn't be back until the following week. "I'm ok now, thanks for taking me to bed and I'm sorry if I wasted your time. As you can see Belle's not here so... I'll be fine Ethan," he dishonestly assured Jonathan. 

"Are you really?" Jonathan asked somewhat worried staring at Thomas intently. He found himself not being able to look at Jonathan so he turned his head and that's when his eyes caught the clock on his night stand and instantly his face flushed with even embarrassment. He could recall it being about six o'clock when he thought it had been the delivery person and now to find out that he was out for almost three hours. 

"Shit, my take out," he blurted out trying to get out of bed but Jonathan planted him back down assuring him that he took care of the delivery guy. Jonathan sat down on the bed facing him and just like that he could feel his throat suddenly go dry so he grabbed the bottle of water he saw on the night stand and took a few gulps and set it back down. 

He was ready to start another round of apologies for holding up his time but soon felt his mouth being engulfed in a hungry kiss that reminded him once more how aroused he was for Jonathan. He knew he should pull away but his cock was leaking so hard he knew if he didn't come soon he just might lose his mind. As if his comforter caught fire he swiftly moved from under the covers and in to straddle Jonathan's thighs whilst taking control of the kiss. 

Without breaking away from the kiss he forcefully pushed Jonathan to lay back on the bed then tried to undo his belt buckle but Jonathan wouldn't let him. "Please please please," he pleaded helplessly, his mouth an inch away from Jonathan's with their foreheads pressed together. He could clearly feel Jonathan's rock hard bulge underneath him so he didn't understand why the sudden change of heart especially when he was the one who started it. 'Was this just to embarrass him,' he thought. 

"Hey don't give me that look, you have no idea how much I want you right now, I missed you so much but baby we need to talk," Jonathan tried his best to assure Thomas after seeing that regretful look in his eyes but he could feel and tell from Thomas body language that he really needed to come. "Ethan please I need you..." 

Jonathan sat up and captured his mouth before he could finish that statement then slipped his hand in Thomas' underwear grasping his leaking hard member stroking it while lightly rubbing his thumb over the sensitive slit drawing a pleasured moan from Thomas which almost made him pull from the kiss but Jonathan held the back of his neck with his free hand. Their kiss was already filled with Thomas' muffled screams; god only knew what would happen if they broke it, talk about neighboring complaints. 

He knew they weren't going to have sex but god help him nothing was going to stop him from grinding his ass on that massive thick length beneath him. Jonathan was happy they were kissing at that moment because apparently Thomas wasn't the only one making orgasmic cries. 

The moment Thomas started grinding on him, it took everything bit of strength he could gather not to throw Thomas on the bed face down ass up after which fucking him with every breath in his body.

Letting go of Thomas' head he grasped his hip trying to stop him from his grinding but that only seemed to influence him to go faster, he completely lost it right there, he could feel his balls tightening and he knew there was no turning back. 

With that he started stroking Thomas' cock faster and he knew Thomas was seconds away from blasting and so was he. Pulling away from swollen raw lips he tilted Thomas' head to the side exposing his neck like a vampire ready for feeding. Piercing his lips to that soft creamy skin on Thomas' neck he sucked hard in an attempt to leave a mark that Thomas would never forget.

Jonathan didn't know when everything went from a hundred to a thousand but the next thing he knew Thomas was freeing his cock from its fabricated prison and pumping it in the same rhythm as his.

"Oh god I'm gonna cum," Thomas let out a whine then a blatant sobbing scream just before he shot his load in Jonathan's huge palm. Thomas bit down on his lip trying to mask his orgasm as best as he could but he couldn't. Yes he was in his home and he could do what he pleased but with Jonathan nothing was ever that simple; he wasn't moaning and groaning, he was screaming.

Hearing Thomas reach his peak made Jonathan realize how much he missed and needed Thomas and just like that he bit into Thomas collar bone letting out a loud ragged groan after which shooting his hot load between him and Thomas. It was after Thomas stopped Cumming and his breathing got even that he realized he may have just made a mistake. 
