 ~Brandon~

I didn't know how to react. Honestly I felt a little bit of everything thing, but my strongest emotions were that of anger and fear. He promised that he wouldn't do that until I was ready and he broke that promise to me and that pissed me off the most. But I was also scared because I wasn't sure what would happen to me next. 

He tried to talk to me but I was walking on a thin edge. It was either me crying until I was blind or screaming until it hurt too much. Both were ready to happen at the same time. I stayed quiet. I didn't look at him and I didn't think. I wanted to be by myself, away from him as far as possible. 

I wasn't ready to be a father. Hell I wasn't sure I was ready to be married, or anything close to being married and I was so deeply in love with Zhi that it was almost as if we were married. It was hard because a small part of me was happy that he came in me. We had a special connection that I never thought that I would get with another person ever. And I found that with him. And a part of me wanted to be a father. But I knew that I wasn't mentally ready for it, as much as it seemed like such a good idea.   I knew I was being a brat, I should have listened to what he had to say, but I was not ready to hear it. It shouldn't have even happened in the first place. 

Once Xe'Zhi left for work I sat on the bed looking around. At the bed—at the mess we made together—and I looked at my belly. The belly that would hold life. I was afraid to look in the mirror, because I didn't want to see what changed. I didn't eat; I didn't even get off the bed as much as I wanted to. I felt safe on the bed, surprisingly. 

Sometime during the day there was a buzz at the door. I could have gotten up to answer it, but I didn't want to talk to anyone. So I let it buzz. That didn't last long because I heard the sound of the airlock releasing and in came two very unhappy people—Jing and Steven.

I jumped from my spot and started to protest. 

"How the hell did you get in? You don't have the password!" 

"Fucking ASSHOLE!" 

I looked at my very pregnant brother and matching Jing. Both looked like they were ready to kill a man. I was secretly praying that it wasn't me. 

"What...?" I asked, sinking into my bed. 

"I think your brother is referring to your mate. However in this case I agree, your mate is a fucking asshole," Jing sniffed. He sat on the bed and laid down as he rubbed his belly. He looked irked but not overly pissed, not like my brother. 

"How did you—" I started, but of course I wasn't allowed to say anything. 

"Xe'Trygg told me," Steven said. He was pacing the floor and holding his belly. I was pretty sure that being this pissed off and pregnant wasn't a good idea. 

"So then I guess Zhi told him."

"Actually Trygg beat it out of him," Steven grinned. "Literally too. Zhi was moping around acting like a baby and wouldn't tell Trygg why. So Trygg punched him. It worked but now I'm pissed." 

"I have to agree," Jing said. "Honestly if he made a promise not to cum inside you he shouldn't have. But I can also understand where he is coming from. It is mating season."

Steven and I gave the cat the same look, one of shock. I knew all about the Xolt culture but I didn't know when mating season was. And by the way Steven looked at him, he had forgotten as well. 

"It's hard for them to stop because the whole point of mating season is to get their mate pregnant. However, Steven and I both know mating season isn't necessary to get pregnant but it helps with the drive." Jing paused and closed his eyes for a moment. He looked like he was in pain. 

"Do you want something to drink?" I asked standing up. 

"Only if you get some clothes on," Jing smiled. 

I had forgotten that I was naked. I blushed and ran to the closet to get something to wear and raced to the bathroom. While standing in the shower, before I even turned it on I felt something wet slid down my legs. It was cold and warm at the same time. I reached behind myself and scooped some up. His cum was sliding down and out of me. 

I sighed and turned the water on. Just proof that he didn't respect my wishes. 

I walked out of the bathroom once I was dressed and ready to get my friends something to drink. My stomach growled and I decided to get some food as well. 

*

"Can I ask a personal question, Brandon?" I smiled and said sure as I gave Jing his water. I then gave Steven his milk and sat down with coffee and a bagel for myself. 

"I guess, go right ahead." I took a bite of my food and washed it down with my strong drink. 

"When you took a shower how much sperm slipped out?"

I coughed on my food. 

"Um..."

"It's fairly important," Steven said. Jing nodded in approval. They sat calmly at the table as I stared at them. It was a very personal question and I wasn't sure how to respond. 

"Honestly?" I asked, looking at my brother. 

"Honestly. It's good to know," Steven sighed. 

"I think that all of it slipped out..." I was blushing deep red. I could see my cheeks turn crimson out of the corner of my eyes. I wanted to crawl into a deep hole and never come out. I never thought I would be talking about sex to my older brother and a cat-like alien. But it happened. 

"Interesting," Jing said. "That wouldn't have happened if you were pregnant. Your body would have absorbed his DNA and created a womb."

"And what does that mean?" I asked. 

"It means you aren't pregnant."

*** 

"Thanks for letting me in, Brandon," Xe'Trygg said. He gave me a calming smile and patted my right shoulder. "Now, your mate it outside pacing, however your doctor is out there wondering what is going on. Now, while I may know a lot I am not a doctor. Can I let him asses you?"

I sat at the couch and crossed my arms. I was still pissed at Zhi for pushing my limit. It wasn't fair of him and I had the right to be pissed. However, they were right. None of them were doctors, no matter how much they knew. 

"But..." I started. I did miss him as much as I was pissed. 

"He promised to remain professional if he was allowed to asses you. He would stay as the ship's doctor and nothing more. If you are still mad at him later, you can stay with me. But I would like it if you were assessed by a professional first." Jing said. I looked at the man and sighed. He looked like he was ill. I could see what Steven meant when he said that Jing looked like he was extremely ill. His normally bouncy fur was flat and lacked the shine it had before. It worried me, but if he managed to pull of twins before this child should be fine. 

"..." I looked at my brother. He smiled at me, and for the first time since I was small I felt like he had my back. Like, instead of me against him we were actually working together. "Fine, you can let him in." 

He could assess me all he wanted. Didn't mean that I would play nicely. 

~Xe-Zhi~

When Trygg let me into my home I gave a deep sigh of relief. However I was not allowed to act like a mate. I was informed by my brother and his mate that I was supposed to act like a doctor and that was all. Brandon was still angry with me, and understandably so. 

I walked into my living room to see Brandon sitting with his arms crossed. He refused to look me in the eye and straightened his back. A sign of defiance. 

"Tell me, Brandon, how much sperm left your body as you showered?" I asked as I pulled out my note pad. 

"All of it," he huffed. I hadn't thought that talking to me was such a big deal, but it apparently was. 

"I see," I said, entered the three words into the device. Internally I was going mad. I just wanted to hug my mate and tell him that everything was going to be fine. But that was not professional of me. I was determined to earn his trust back. 

"After your encounter with your mate did you feel any different? For example any pain or change of features?"

"No."

"I see..." I wrote that into the pad as well. He wasn't acting very mature about this. However it was understandable. I was also acting immature as well not too long ago. 

"Brandon do you mind coming with me? I would like to check the inside of your body just to see if anything has change inside of you without showing any external signs." I stood up and looked at Trygg. He shrugged at me and sighed. There wasn't much that he could do. 

"Where are we going?" Brandon asked, looking lightly uneasy.

"To my clinic—all of my equipment is there." 

"Can Steven and Jing come with me?" he asked looking at the older companions. 

I smiled. There was no reason they couldn't go with him, and since he gave the permission and allowing it I had no problem this time. 

"Sure," I said as reassuringly as I could. He needed someone there to hold him once he got the news. 

*

The scanner beeped calling all of our attention to the device in my hand. I had it over Brandon's abdomen. Everything seemed fine and there was no sign of a fetus. Thankfully this was good news to Brandon and sadly me as well. 

"Well, the scans show no sign of a fetus. You were lucky this time Brandon," I said reading the scan reports and filing them under his name. 

"Really?" He sighed and hugged his brother and held Jing's hand. I looked at Jing's body. He was almost ready to give birth already. His eyes and cheeks looked shallow, and overall he was skinnier. I was worried for his health more than I was of his baby's health. 

"I would not lie to you, Brandon," I said. A hand was tapping my shoulder and I turned to see Hul standing behind me. 

"Shouldn't you be at work?" I asked. 

"I called Trygg to take over for me." He looked at the three mates and sighed. "How are they? I heard about the fiasco today. Jing kept me informed." 

The connection that these three had was very strong. I was happy that they found each other, because if their mates can't be there for them, they can surely help each other. But my worry for Jing grew, because I wasn't sure how his female child would affect him and Xe'Hul. 

"I think they will be fine. Brandon is not pregnant and seems quite relieved. However, we need you and Jing back later for another examination." I turned and looked at my elder brother. I could see the worry in his eyes while he looked at his mate. I knew that he wanted Jing to be happy and healthy more than anything else in the world. The only problem was I wasn't sure that Jing could be happy or healthy because of this child. It was either one or the other, but Jing wanted both. 

"I know..." 

*

By the time everything settled it was time for dinner. Brandon and I walked back to our home, but with very little talk. Our problem was solved but the fight was not. I wanted to hold his hand and hug him. I wanted to tell him how much that I loved him. But it almost seemed impossible now. 

Once we walked into our quarters he ran to the bed and hid his face in the pillows. I sat gently next to him and placed my hand on his arm. The contrast between our skin was astonishing and I couldn't help but wonder what our children would have looked like. 

"Brandon, I am sorry." I sighed. "This may not seem like much to you but I feel horrible about what I did. I betrayed your trust for a moment of bliss. Your hate hurts more than anything I have ever gone through. Please forgive me, my love." 

He shuffled under my touch and mumbled something I couldn't understand.

"What was that?" I asked. When I didn't get a response I stood up and started for the kitchen. I was going to prepare our meal, and I would bring it to him if he didn't get up. Just before I left the blankets shuffled and a pillow was thrown at my head. 

"Don't you dare leave me!"

I turned and looked at the human, my mate...The love of my life. His eyes were red. His black hair was ruffled. He needed to shower and clean himself up a bit. But he was still the sexiest being to me.

"Pardon?" 

"I said I love you and you never said anything back..." He mumbled. This time I was able to hear him and I smiled. 

"I love you too." 

I walked into the kitchen and started to tap into the cooking device. I felt a pair of slim arms wrap themselves around my waist.

"I forgive you." There was silence. "But don't you ever do that again." I smiled to myself and looked at my fierce mate. I picked him up and kissed him.

It felt almost as if a small explosion was light inside me. I was instantly horny. However our celebration was cut short by the beeping of my communication device. I kissed Brandon's head and checked to see who it was. 

"Zhi, something is wrong with Jing."

My heart sank. 

(*gasps loudly* OH NO WHAT'S HAPPENING?! Hey Guys, welcome to Chapter 8. How are things going? Do you like the story? Tell me you think might happen. I can tell you it's gunna get interesting ;)Thanks for reading! Let me know what you think! ~~Tae)