 Feeling the air, cool around his anus, he knew the tongue that had just been inside him, had disappeared and was going to be replaced. His cock twitched inside the hot anus under him as he waited for the invasion that he knew was coming. He took a deep breath and held it as he felt the head of a hard cock pressing against his skin and suddenly, entering him. The pain he felt was more than he expected yet at the same time, the sensual erotic feeling of knowing that the hard cock was going to fuck him, was almost overwhelming.

It had all started a week before when he was out on his daily run. What he came across both shocked and excited him and gave him a whole new perspective on his life. It had never crossed his mind that he would be attracted to men in a sexual manner but that day his mind became aware of his feelings as he came across two men fucking in the woods, just off the path he ran every day.

He had seen a movement in the bushes and had decided to investigate, as it was unusual for him to see or hear anyone on his runs. He crept, as quietly as he could, through the scrub brush until he had a perfect view of the two men. One was on his hands and knees while the other was behind him, thrusting his hard cock in and out of his ass, while they grunted and groaned. He heard the man on the bottom, tell the other man to fuck him harder and their skin slapped together loudly as the thrusts became harder and faster.

As he watched, his own cock was getting excited and before he realized it, he had an erection like he had never had before. He had never been so hard and unthinkingly, he reached for it and started to rub his hand up and down his length as he watched the two men fuck. His mind started going in all directions and his main thought became what it would feel like to have a hard cock deep inside him, fucking him.

He finally left the two men and tried to continue his run but he found his mind kept going back to the sight of the two men and how he wanted to find out what it was like to be fucked by another man.

He had just joined a running club and the next day was the first time he actually met some of the club's members. On his first run, he was with two men who volunteered to show him some of the routes that they liked to run. As he followed them, he watched their cheeks as they bounced with each step. By the time they had veered off into some woods, his cock was hard and he was having a difficult time keeping up. 

Finally, one of the men looked around and noticed the trouble he was having and why. With a sly grin on his face, he stopped and motioned for the other man to stop too. They waited for him to catch up and the three of them stood trying to catch their breath in the middle of the path. Without a word, one of the men reached down and ran his hand across the front of his shorts. His hard cock twitched at the man's touch and soon was being fondled quite openly by both men. The feeling of another man's hand on his cock was quite exciting and yet at the same time, raunchy and sensual. He closed his eyes and in his mind, went back to the two men in the bushes the day before and as he thought about their activities, his cock grew harder and harder much to the delight of the other two men.

One of the men suggested they find someplace quieter and led the way through the bushes until he came to a small clearing. The three men looked around a little to make sure they were alone then one of them started to strip very quickly. He stood in front of the other two with a hard cock sticking straight out in front of him and gently rubbed it with his hand as he watched the others strip. Soon all three men stood with their hand wrapped around their hard cocks, watching each other.

He couldn't remember exactly took the first step but he soon found himself on his knees in front of one of the men with his hard cock deep inside his mouth. He sucked and licked it from end to end as the man above him groaned. Grabbing his head, the man started to thrust his cock in and out of his mouth, literally fucking his mouth with long thrusts that went deep into his throat. His mind was blank as he continued to have his face fucked until he pulled the cock out of his mouth and reached for the third man's cock.

He sucked both of them for quite a while, as least he felt like it was quite a while until he finally stood up. His cock was so hard, he thought he was going to come right there but he soon found a tongue deep in his throat while his cock was enveloped by a hot mouth. He couldn't help but groan into the mouth on his as he fought the other tongue for space, while his cock was being sucked and licked.

He marveled at what was happening as very little was said and the movements between the three men were as if they had been rehearsed over and over again. After a few more minutes, his lips separated from the others and he looked down to find the man beneath him had turned around and was offering him his ass hole. Without a thought, he quickly moved behind the man and finding his opening, thrust his hard cock into him, eliciting a loud grunt from the man.

He had just started to thrust in and out of the man beneath him when he felt a hot sensation on his own ass hole. His cheeks were spread apart and a tongue ran up and down his crack, stopping only to push against his hole whenever it came in contact with it. As he continued fucking the man beneath him, the tongue entered him and kept up with his pace. 

Only moments went by, which seemed like an eternity to him, before he felt the coolness of the air surround his anus when the tongue left him. His cock twitched inside the anus beneath him as he took a deep breath, knowing what was about to happen. He held his breath as he felt the head of the hard cock against his skin and suddenly, inside him. The pain he felt was more than he expected but at the same time, it felt sensually erotic.

This is what he had waited for as the hard cock slowly entered his canal and slid up the entire length of it. He was glad that the man waited for him to get used to his size for a moment for it gave him a chance to alleviate some of the pain in his mind. He wanted the cock to fuck him, slide in and out of him, filling his canal so he could feel its hardness against his walls so he wiggled his hips a little to signal the man that he wanted to be fucked.

As he started thrusting into the man beneath him slowly, the hard cock inside him did the same. It slowly slid almost completely out of him before being thrust back fully up into him again and again. As his speed increased, so did the cock in him until they were pounding each ass hole with long, hard, fast thrusts that made the slapping of their skin drown out any of the groans and grunts that the men were making.

He felt the cock inside him twitch and then a hot sensation as the man came inside him, filling his canal with hot, runny come that dribbled down the back of his legs as the man kept thrusting in and out of him even as he came. He made one final thrust into the anus beneath him and came, gushing and spewing, hot come deep into the anus beneath him filling it. He just held himself against the man beneath him as he came and came as he had never done before.

It took a few minutes but the three men untangled themselves, slowly after cleaning up somewhat, pulled their clothes back on and left the clearing. He had never felt anything like what had just happened to him and he knew he would feel it again and again in the ensuing days.

In fact it started when he came out of the shower in the club's dressing room that very afternoon.