 It feels dumb to admit it, but as a result of a freak picnic accident, I found myself with both a broken leg and arm at the same time. After a brief stay in hospital, I came home to my own bed for a week before I could resume something of a normal lifestyle. My wife and daughter tried to make things as comfortable as possible for me each morning before they left for work, but even so, the days were long, hot and boring.

"We need to cut the grass," I told my wife one morning. "Can we get someone in to do it?"

"Sure; I talked to Dustin, next door. He’s home for the summer, and wouldn’t mind picking up a few extra quid," she replied. "I’ll tell him today is good."

"Good; have him come up after he’s done and I’ll pay him. And tell him he can use the pool when he’s done, too. I’m sure he’ll need to cool off."

Our neighbour Dustin was home from his first year at university, and was a good looking boy. He was quite the athlete—a swimmer—and I must admit that I had often noticed his well-sculpted physique.

I read for a while, and then must have dozed, because it was just after noon when I awoke to the rumble of the lawn mower. From my bed, I could see into the yard; Dustin was wearing only some running shorts and trainers while pushing the mower. A sheen of sweat glistened on his bare chest. He had been working out over the winter, I thought to myself. He really looks good.

Now I have an open mind, but I’ve never considered myself anything but heterosexual. Oh sure, there was some boyish playing during secondary school, but other than that, it’s been the "straight" and narrow. And yet, seeing such an excellent physical specimen, nearly nude, well you can imagine. In spite of myself, I was getting a little turned on.

I kept a pair of binoculars next to the bed for scanning the garden during my "confinement," and now I took them to check out Dustin’s hard body. I felt like a perverse Jimmy Stewart in "Rear Window." I didn’t really expect to see anything—it seemed so "academic," like admiring a Greek sculpture in a museum.

When Dustin was just about finished, a car pulled up in his driveway, next door. Another very good looking young bloke got out, and after noticing Dustin in my garden, came over to where he was working. This was getting interesting. I adjusted the focus of the binoculars. I don’t think they could hear each other over the roar of the machine, but I was amazed when I saw them kiss!

Was Dustin gay? Our little neighbour boy? No wonder he’d never come around wanting to date my daughter (who’s only a year younger than he is). From where I was viewing, I could tell these blokes were definitely kissing deeply, passionately. I felt my cock stirring, as a million images went through my mind. I’d never paid much attention to gay porn, but knew I like to see hot hard cocks in hetero-porno, and couldn’t wait to see if something more were going to develop here in my yard.

Dustin broke away and indicated to his friend that he had just a bit more to finish up, and then they could use the pool. The friend nodded in recognition, and went into the pool enclosure, stripping down to a day-glow green thong. This was too much! This boy was obviously well hung; as he laid on a chaise in the hot noon-day sun, I could see the shadow cast by his pouch. My cock was at full staff now, but I only had one good hand, and I was using that for the binoculars. Putting the glasses down briefly, I pulled my cock out through the fly of my pyjama bottoms.

The mower shut off, and Dustin rolled it into the garden shed. He walked over to the pool gate, and glancing around surreptitiously, he kicked off his shoes. Seeing no one, he peeled off his shorts to reveal a beautifully sculpted cock, at least seven inches long. Opening the gate, he took a running dive into the cool, clear water, surprising his friend.

"You fucking wanker!" the friend called out, as he too jumped in.

It was quite exciting to watch the two boys splashing and playing around in the refreshing water, and I was suddenly jealous. Here I was stuck in my bed. And I couldn’t even wank-off.

The boys seemed to be wrestling in the water, and I was surprised when I saw Dustin throw his friend’s thong out of the water onto the patio near the lounger. Once again the boys were kissing, but now I could only see the faint reflexion of their hands under the water. I imagined they both had raging hard-ons, and hoped that I would be able to see them. My own cock was hard as steel, the shiny purple head now leaking pre-cum profusely.

I tried to prop up the binoculars so as to free my hand for wanking, but I was too afraid that if it fell, the crash would be heard outside, and the boys would quit. That would be devastating—I so wanted to see if they would have sex. And I was not disappointed.

Dusting hopped out of the pool, and sat on the edge with his legs still dangling in the water. His cock was a full staff now, and absolutely gorgeous. He languidly leant back on his hands, allowing the sun to dance across his glittering body. The friend wasted no time in joining him. He swam between Dustin’s legs, grabbed his raging cock, and sucked him in deeply. I couldn’t believe how hot it was to watch this.

Here was the "boy next door" a full-grown stud, getting his cock sucked by his gay lover. My own rod was so stiff now it was almost painful. But I couldn’t peel my eyes from the scene in front of me, and I admired the friend’s technique as he gave Dustin a world-class blow-job.

Dustin said something which I couldn’t hear at the distance I was, and the friend got out of the pool, and place a towel on the paving. I was afraid the show was over, and that they were just going to sun-bathe, but as the friend laid down on his back, Dustin kneeled over him, and they went into a 69-position.

I watched intently as the boys went at each other passionately. I don’t know what it was exactly that tipped me off, but I could sense that soon one of them was going to come, and in a few seconds, I saw Dustin pumping his cock into his friend’s mouth, frantically fucking his face. Then he went rigid, and I noticed the friend drinking deeply, gladly swallowing Dustin’s load. Then the friend seemed to stiffen his entire muscular body, and from the recoil of Dustin’s head, I knew that he too was drinking hot, sticky semen.

And that’s when I came as well, shooting ropes of come into the air without even touching myself.

The boys broke away from each other, and kissed again, deeply on the mouth. They laid there a while, soaking up the sun on their nude bodies, panting, coming down from their orgasmic high.

Dustin was the first to get up. He put on his shorts and spoke a few words to the friend before walking to the house. I heard Dustin downstairs getting a drink in the kitchen, and then his friend got dressed and left. In another moment, Dusting was making his way up to my room. There was nothing for me to do.

"All done," he said brightly as he entered the room, looking for his money.

My cock—although flaccid now—was still outside my pyjamas, lying in a pool of my own come.

"I need to get cleaned up a bit," I said, embarrassedly. Dusting looked at me, then noticed the binoculars, and finally towards the window.

"I can help with that too," he said, as he leaned over and sucked my soft prick into his hot mouth.