 ********

"Oh fuck yes," Thomas gasped then winced at the series of stings of Jonathan' palm against his ass cheeks. And with that Jonathan lined up his painfully hard cock with Thomas' slick twitching rosette. Usually he loved to tease Thomas before he went for the kill but now wasn't the time for games. 

Thomas' sphincter muscles clamped down on him once he invaded that tight barrier, it was equally satisfying and torturing which caused him shiver all over. "Relax will ya, you wanted this remember," Jonathan said through clenched jaws and seething breaths. Immediately Thomas obeyed and relaxed trying to take labored breaths so he could accommodate Ethan's mammoth cock while grasping the sheets beneath him for dear life. 

With one slow hard thrust Jonathan was in the midst of that warmth he missed so much. He knew he should wait till Thomas got used to the feel of him especially when he practically screamed out but he just saw red at that point and wanted to ram the hell out of Thomas like a crazed animal. And that he did. He grabbed hold of Thomas' hip with one hand while the other grasped his right shoulder for support, starting slowly at first due to all the friction and his size then picking up pace by pounding his ass like a man possessed. By now the room was filled with slapping flesh against flesh and Thomas' screams which encouraged Jonathan to go even harder. It wasn't the first time Jonathan was taking him so viciously but it still didn't make it any easier. Thomas bit down on his bottom lip trying to muffle some of his cries but all that managed to do was make him taste blood. 

With every brush of Jonathan's length against that sweet satisfying button deep inside him caused him to buck against that cock like his life depended on it. "God yes, fuck me Ethan, don't stop, please don't stop," was all Thomas found himself chanting breathlessly. There was something about those words, those words always managed to push Jonathan over the edge and that's where he was. He didn't even care about what Thomas' needed right then, all he cared about was getting off. 

Thomas knew what was happening because he felt Jonathan grow even larger inside him and the hold on his hip was getting tighter and with two more deep hard thrusts followed by a loud groan which uniformed a wounded animal Jonathan came heavily inside Thomas filling up the condom. Despite his little jerk off session in the shower earlier at home and the amount of come he emptied in the condom, he was astonished to say the least as to why he hadn't lost his erection but he wasn't complaining at all. He tossed the used condom in the waist basket and replaced it with a new one. He knew he had Thomas right where he wanted him as he was vulnerable, on the edge and wanting to come too but not just yet, Jonathan told himself.

Thomas was so relieved when he heard another wrapper being torn open. He knew if Jonathan didn't give him what he wanted he'd probably end up crying his eyes out; Jonathan was punishing him like he knew he would but God he wanted to come so bad. After replacing the condom Jonathan untied Thomas' bounded wrists then leaned forward and wrapped his hand gently around Thomas' neck from the front and pulled him to rest on his front with his head rested on his shoulder. Before Thomas could express his disappointment as to why Jonathan didn't make him come too he felt Jonathan sucking up a mark on his neck which never happened since their first time together because he didn't want Marian his wife seeing it but it felt amazing and he wondered why he had denied himself that pleasure. Somehow it made him feel like he belonged to Jonathan and that turned him on even more than he already was. 

"Ride me," Jonathan whispered in Thomas' ear making him whimper with need. And with that Jonathan fell on his back and started stroking his cock. As Thomas slowly eased down and took Jonathan inside him he started stroking his cock then bit down on his lip to mask the discomfort that returned from the earlier assault on his ass. He winced then moaned as he started moving slowly up and down on that beast of a cock. 

He liked it when they played rough but this time was different, Jonathan was different and it scared the hell out of him. He knew Jonathan like the back of his hand so usually when Jonathan made up his mind about something it was next to impossible to change his mind. Yeah he knew the leverage he had over the guy when it was called for but something told him this time was different. Jonathan was finished with him, he no longer wanted him and that hurt like nothing he'd ever felt. 

Looking up at Thomas Jonathan noticed he no longer had that aroused look on his face but instead was replaced by a sudden sadness that stabbed him like a blunt knife. He stared into eyes now heavy with unshed tears and was instantly reminded why Thomas was the love of his life, only he had the power to flip his emotions so easily like a switch. 

He grabbed hold of Thomas' hips and flawlessly flipped them so that Thomas was laid out under him without even slipping out of him. He ignored the surprised look Thomas shot at him and pulled his legs to wrap around his waist after which attacked swollen lips which to his surprised tasted of blood but that didn't stop him one bit. Thomas wrapped his legs around Jonathan tighter and wrapped his arms around his neck while embracing the fact that Jonathan no longer felt cold and detached but warm and gentle.

Slowly and steadily Jonathan started making deep strokes making Thomas whimper against his lips. When the tears started streaming down he knew that Thomas was now getting what he wanted. With every brush of that sensitive button inside his ass Thomas knew he couldn't stop the tears from flowing. It was felt so good to have Jonathan like that again but he was he was also conflicted if he was being completely honest. Did it mean that Jonathan changed his mind or was it his way of saying goodbye? 

He wrapped his arms around Jonathan and dug his heels in the base of Jonathan's spine pulling him closer and urging him to go faster. And with that Jonathan picked up his pace breaking his lips from Thomas and just stared into his eyes. "Yes, yes, yes, oh god yes," Thomas whimpered silently. As much as he was trying to delay his orgasm, those intense looks that Jonathan was giving him combined with the friction of his cock rubbing between their bodies had him so close he could hardly stand it. 

"Make me come please," whimpered with quivering lips then pulled Jonathan down for a deep toe curling kiss. Jonathan got all the confirmation he needed and reached between them and started stroking Thomas then took one of his nipples between his teeth causing Thomas to hold his head down on it not wanting him to stop. "Ethan pl... please I need," Thomas started chanting tossing his head side to side. 

"Come for me baby," Jonathan panted as he drove into that heat he considered as heaven. Thomas' eyes rolled back as he trembled and came heavily on Jonathan's hand and between them. Jonathan felt Thomas' walls coming down on him he knew he couldn't stop what was coming and with three more long hard thrusts he threw his head back as he and let oblivion take over. 

"God that felt great," he groaned as he came down from his high. He fell on top of Thomas and buried his head in the crook of his neck. Thomas cradled Jonathan's head with one hand while he wrapped the other around his very muscular contoured back with one leg still wrapped around him while the other was stretched out on the bed. They both laid there for a while in each other's arms until both their breathing returned to normal. 

Jonathan rose up on his forearm and pulled his spent cock out Thomas then turned over on the bed on his back after which pulling Thomas to lie on his chest. There was an awkward silence for a minute till Thomas broke the. "I love you," he managed to say in a croaking tone which was evidence enough that he was crying earlier. It wasn't the first time he was telling Jonathan he loved him; in fact he said it a lot despite the fact that Jonathan had never once uttered back the words to him. 

"T," Jonathan began but got cut off by Thomas instantly. "Please let me finish. I love you more than I've loved anyone in my life and it scares the hell out of me because I know I'm about to lose you and there's nothing I can do to stop it. You told me we were over but you have to understand why I can't accept that especially after you just sprung that on me out of nowhere and it made me so fucking angry because you don't understand how much I truly love you. Yeah I know it all sounds like bullshit to you. You're wondering why I'm still with her if I love you right? 

Baby I never thought in a million years that I'd ever be in this position." He gave a small chuckle then continued. "You've always known you were bi but this all just happened suddenly for me ok, and if I had any sort of attraction to other guys as well then I could accept that but it's just you and it scares me. I know it doesn't excuse anything and I don't mean to disregard your feelings but I just don't want Belle growing up in a broken home like I did and I know you resent me and and I don't blame you." Jonathan grabbed hold of Thomas chin forcing him to look up at him and as he looked down at tear filled blue eyes he knew he was going regret it for the rest of his life but it needed to be done. 

They were far from a monogamous pair but it always felt like it was just them when they got together. They never discussed Thomas' marriage despite the fact that he hadn't touch Marian in months nor did he really have the urge to since the affair began, quite frankly he felt like he was cheating on Jonathan whenever she touched him. 

He just knew something was up when Jonathan insisted on meeting for lunch one Friday instead of his place or his office but he went anyway. Upon arrival at 'Cordiale Cucina,' which was their favorite Italian restaurant, Jonathan appeared very serious and more interested in his phone than Thomas which never happened before. What made it even more worrisome was the fact that Jonathan didn't notice him at all especially when he made sure to wear that blue button down slim fit denim shirt that Jonathan loved so much, he could bet his last cent that anytime he wore that shirt Jonathan would start salivating like famished wolf. 

He had thought maybe he was just stressed and tired but when Jonathan looked up and saw him he just went back to his phone. Instead of flat out asking him what was up Thomas just sat there staring at him puzzled. After Jonathan was satisfied with whatever he was doing on his phone he called his personal waiter over and ordered Pasta with shrimp and shallots and cherry tomatoes in Madeira sauce for Thomas and sirloin steak in garlic butter with sweet potato fries for himself along with a bottle of Chateau Mosse Rivesaltes. He sat there in silence watching Jonathan eat while the suspense was eating at him little by little but eventually Jonathan broke his silence. 

"We can't do this anymore, I can't do it anymore." Jonathan stated very flatly looking over at Thomas shoulder instead of at him directly. He only looked into Thomas' eyes once to make sure Thomas heard what he was saying. "I need you to say you understand Thomas." Thomas almost died at that very moment; he found his hands shaking so hard at that point he had to place them on his lap. Now he knew why Jonathan wanted to meet at the restaurant. Had they been somewhere private he'd probably be screaming at Jonathan not to treat him like that but Jonathan knew him all too well that he would never humiliate himself in public like that ever. When he didn't answer Jonathan continued anyway. "We can't see each other anymore. Don't call or text me unless it has something to do with my god child." And with that he took care of the bill and left. Thomas recalled sitting there for about ten minutes before he got over his shock. Now two weeks later he was in the arms of the man who said those hurtful things to him, who dismissed him like he was nothing and he still couldn't bring himself to hate him.

"I'm so sorry for pulling that stunt at the restaurant, it wasn't fair to you and you deserve better. It kills me to the core seeing you hurt, it really does. But dammnit T I have feelings too and I can't keep this shit up anymore. Just the mere thought of someone else touching you makes me mad as hell; I won't live like this anymore." Jonathan expressed with so much emotion Thomas was almost fearful of whatever else Jonathan had to say. He saw Jonathan attempting to say something else but he didn't want to hear it; he refused to have his heart ripped out again. With that he sealed off Jonathan's lips with his fingers and snuggled up closer in arms. "T I need you to hear me out, we can't have this conversation again." Jonathan stated just above a whisper after he managed to pull Thomas' hand away then placing a light kiss on his knuckles.

"Please don't, I know what you're gonna say. I don't think I could bear it if you said those words so just please don't. I know what you need from me and I'll do it if it makes you happy, just please don't say it. Just hold me please that's all I ask." Thomas pleaded wrapping his arm around Jonathan. And that's what he did. He figured if this was the last time they were going to be together he could at least manage to do that for him. And with that he pulled Thomas even closer then kissed the top of his head. 

"What else do you want?" Jonathan murmured in his hair causing Thomas to stir a bit after which looking up into his eyes. He wanted to say don't leave me but he knew that wasn't an option. 

"Will you make love to me one last time?" Jonathan looked down at him surprised not because of his request but because of the assault that his ass had received just minutes ago but he agreed and proceeded to do just that right after they both hit the shower.

*********

After he lead Thomas in the shower of the black and white themed en suite bathroom he pulled Thomas to lean against his front while he washed him from head to toe. There were two ceiling shower heads so Jonathan let Thomas stand underneath one while he proceeded to wash himself. Thomas was completely transfixed with the sight before him, anyone looking in would think it was the first time he was laying eyes on Jonathan but that was how great Jonathan affected him. To him Jonathan was the sexiest, most handsome, smartest, most confident, caring and dedicated man he knew and he couldn't believe this was the end of them. He felt like crying but knew if he did Jonathan would probably deny him what he asked so he just stood there watching every rippled muscle movement, broad shoulders , a gorgeous face, flawless six pack and oh god that monster that made him forget his own name so many times before.

He found himself lost in the thought of taking that beautiful cock in his mouth and getting Jonathan so hard and turned on that he'd have no choice but to press him up against the wall face first with his hands pinned above his head while pounding possessively into him. 

"Stop looking at me like that. Unless you don't want us to get out of here," Jonathan groaned just as he felt all the blood rushing to his cock. He didn't give Thomas anytime to think about that because he knew that was exactly what he wanted. "Come on," he laughed softly then pulled a dazed Thomas back to the bedroom.

After turning on some music to set the mood, primarily Majik, Preston Hutto, Troye Sivan and Beyonce Thomas felt Jonathan walk up behind him and wrap his arms around his waist after which opening the towel letting it fall to the floor. "I'm sorry I marked you," Jonathan whispered then kissed the spot on Thomas' neck that he marked earlier. Thomas turned around facing Jonathan then wrapped his arms around his neck staring into lust filled grey eyes. 

"Don't be, I loved it, you can do it again if you want, just not on my neck this time," Thomas said forcing a smile; he hated mentioning anything remotely close to the topic of his marriage, the thing that hindered him not fully giving himself completely to Jonathan. Before he could even attempt to apologize Jonathan picked him up so that his legs were wrapped around his waist and arms tightly secured around his neck like he weighed nothing. He loved it when Jonathan picked him up like that. 

Thomas rested his head on Jonathan's shoulder trying to savor the moment as best as he could, he wanted to remember that feeling forever. He then raised his head and pressed his lips to Jonathan's as the two got lost in a kiss the pair knew was one of their last so it had to be worthwhile. Jonathan walked over to the bed with Thomas still wrapped around him then laid him on the bed. Jonathan attempted to reach for the remaining condom they didn't use but Thomas stopped him. 

"Please don't use that. If this is gonna be the last time that I get to have you then I want it to be as memorable as possible. I trust you completely; I want to feel all of you Ethan," Thomas whispered pleadingly lying there in all his naked glory looking delectable as hell. They both knew their status; they both made it a priority to get tested every so often even though Thomas and Marian agreed that they they'd start using condoms after Belle was born. 

As for Jonathan he never trusted anyone enough to go without. "Are you sure?" Jonathan had to make sure. 

"I'm sure," Thomas responded then bit on his lower lip. And with that Jonathan grabbed the bottle of lube and went to Thomas who was watching his every move. Jonathan kissed him lightly at first then more hungrily as he sucked on Thomas' tongue ferociously. Before Jonathan broke away he sucked on Thomas bottom lip causing Thomas to let out a wanting moan. He kissed that sensitive flesh where Thomas' neck met his shoulder then his Adam's apple then tauntingly to sensitive nipples which he bit and sucked and pinched. Thomas arched his back giving into the pleasure he was receiving and just like that he could feel pressure in his balls start to build. Jonathan went on to kiss lick and suck on his stomach while he slid his hands under Thomas so he could get a firm grip on those perfect globes and knead into them.

"Your body is perfect," Jonathan told him innocently went on to do the same to his navel and hips tracing the line of his pelvis. Thomas wanted to respond to that but damn his whole body felt like it was on fire and they hadn't even started that long. "You're so fucking sexy," Jonathan husked then bent Thomas' legs so that his feet were planted flat on the bed. 

The second Thomas felt that warm slick sensation licking up and down his shaft he aggressively grabbed the sheets beneath him and moaned louder than he'd wanted to. He missed Jonathan's mouth on his cock so much he started making short choppy pants; it felt like his heart was begging to crawl out of his chest. Jonathan worked expertly on his pink tip then licked and swallowed pre cum that was oozing out of a gorgeous slit. With Thomas' whole length in his mouth he began slowly then picked up his paced while massaging heavy trimmed balls with his fingers but he soon stopped when he felt Thomas tense up. He didn't want him to come that way so he grabbed a pillow and placed it under Thomas ass and spread his legs wider so his ass was on full display for him to see. 

'Oh fuck fuck fuck,' Thomas freaked in his head because he knew what was coming. Jonathan teased his balls some then licked at his taint then went directly for the kill as he swept his tongue over that twitching puckered hole. "Ahhh Ethan yes mmm," he moaned and whined incoherently. It was a feeling he missed so much and he secretly wished Jonathan didn't do it because that was one of the things he dreaded not feeling anymore. The moment that tongue slipped into his wanting channel he lost all control over his body and without Jonathan even touching his cock he erupted heavily and powerfully onto his stomach.
