 ********

"Ethan stooop, that tickles," Thomas giggled and squirmed trying to pull his foot away from Jonathan's grasp. It was the morning after their passionate official rekindling and immediately after bringing Thomas breakfast in bed Jonathan went ahead and ran a bath for the both of them. From the moment Thomas woke up he found himself smiling from ear to ear. Even after Jonathan left him to get the bath ready, he was still smiling while he ate. If there was any indication that he was happy before, his face was evidence enough of what he was truly feeling. 

Jonathan brought him coffee with bacon, scrambled eggs and grilled cheese. Jonathan definitely knew how to spoil him and he loved every second of it, who wouldn't? When Jonathan returned from the bathroom almost five minutes later, his plate was completely clean by then. Jonathan's expression was anything but modest, he was flat out stunned which turned into an outright laugh when Thomas showed him the finger.

His legs seemed to be working fine in the morning but Jonathan insisted on carrying him to the bath. He blushed the whole way thinking how he managed to land such a man. He was happy as he was grateful to whoever upstairs was looking out for him.

The water felt heavenly. The temperature was just right, the lavender oil and bath salt together was divinely soothing and the company was nothing short of perfection. When Jonathan slipped in, he sat facing Thomas and immediately started massaging his feet.

Yes, absolutely perfect, Thomas was in heaven.

Jonathan stopped tickling him and resumed his massage but he just sat there staring at Thomas. "You're staring." Thomas blushed averting his eyes from Jonathan's to the water repeatedly. 

"I know." Jonathan responded coolly.

"And?" He whispered resting his elbow on the edge of the tub with his knuckles against his jaw.

"And...I feel like the luckiest bastard alive right now." Jonathan smiled broadly while he admired Thomas' glimmering eyes and blushing cheeks. "Ten years ago I met the most disorganized, indecisive, bossy..."

"Watch it." Thomas glared amusingly.

"...kind-hearted, selfless, beautiful young man." Jonathan grinned at Thomas' approving nod then continued. "To think that I was actually chasing some tail to a book club and found you in the process; you had on an oversized tie-dye t-shirt and white washed bootcut jeans." 

"I was killing it in those jeans." Thomas stated as a matter of factly. 

He smiled broadly as he brought Thomas' feet to his lips. "That smile and those eyes had me at first glance baby." Jonathan suddenly went serious. "I've loved you all those years from afar and I was ok with that. As long as I got to be a part of your life and share the most precious moments of your life with you; that was enough for me, but the fact that I get to have you like this, holding you and touching you like this...makes me the richest man alive because you are beyond priceless."

Jonathan stared at Thomas' teary eyes and felt immense pride and satisfaction that he could bring out so much emotion in him with just a few words. Before he could process another thought, Thomas pulled his foot away and sprung right into his arms.

With arms tightly secured around Jonathan's neck, Thomas straddled and sat on his thighs while nuzzling his neck. "That was so corny." He whispered against Jonathan's neck which achieved a roaring laughter from Jonathan and loving caresses down his back. "But I feel like I'm the lucky one here...or maybe we're both lucky." Thomas lifted his head and pressed his forehead against Jonathan's and stared into his eyes. "I don't really know how to explain it but that first time I saw you, it felt like something clicked in me, like I finally found that missing piece of the puzzle, you know.

It wasn't anything sexual or romantic. I just felt like I knew you and had been searching for you all along without even knowing it and then...there you were right there in front of me." Thomas placed his hands on either sides of Jonathan's neck and just nuzzled his face. 

"The year before mom died, she said something to me. I didn't quite understand what she meant at the time but she told me that when I fall in love, when I find the person I'm supposed to be with, I'll know because I already know." Thomas chuckled softly then sighed deeply. "As you can imagine, I shrugged it off because that didn't really tell me anything; in fact I made zero sense to me. I honestly thought that she said those things because of her treatment and she was kinda out of it; but that first time you kissed me, I finally understood what she meant. I was a straight man who never had one sensual or romantic thought about another man but I never resisted you for one second, it was like I was longing for you all this time and I wasn't aware of it until you touched me."

"So you think she knew I had feelings for you?" Jonathan murmured as he scooped up water in his hallowed palm and poured it over Thomas' back.

"I don't think so but if she was still here I know she'd be happy for us. She had the biggest crush on you." Thomas chuckled softly. 

One hand remained on Thomas' hip while the other ran up and down his arm. "I know you don't like talking about this but I'm glad that you gave her the ok to move on, you know. Maybe she'd still be here today if she'd continued her treatment or maybe not but even though she wanted to go, she wouldn't do that unless you were ok with it. I was proud of you, I know it wasn't easy."

Thomas instantly tilted his head to the side, in deep thought. "No it wasn't, but that wasn't her, she wasn't the same person. She got up at five every morning and ran four miles. When she got back she watered her garden and made breakfast. She's been a teacher since forever and I don't think she has sat at her desk in a class for more than ten minutes. She was an active person; she didn't like sitting around and especially being sick. I know she went through chemo for me but I knew she didn't want to go through that. I was devastated yes, but I had to let her go so she could have some peace." Thomas pressed his lips to Jonathan's then traced his thumb over them then whispered.

"I honestly never could've done any of that if I didn't have you. I knew you'd take care of me and be there when I needed you and that was all the indication I needed that I'd be ok when she was gone. You're my whole world Ethan, you complete me in every way," he responded with a breathy whisper.

Jonathan smiled broadly. "Now who's being corny?"

"Shut up," Thomas groaned and rested his head on Jonathan's shoulder.

Jonathan was surprised that he was able to sit there so casually when their cocks were virtually rubbing together. His blood was humming but if Thomas just wanted to sit there while he held him then he could do that. Anything his baby wanted. 

Oh hell, who was he kidding, he couldn't do it. He was going out of his mind with lust, how could he not when he had the most beautiful thing in his eyes on his lap completely naked and equally as turned on, ok maybe he was a lot more turned on than Thomas. Right then Thomas scooted closer which made their slick cocks rub together and Thomas took the opportunity to kiss along his neck torturously deep and slowly which caused him to groan low in his throat and grip Thomas' hip tighter. Being good was definitely a hard task, literally.

Thomas bit and sucked on his lobe then whispered seductively in his ear. "Thank you for loving me." He could feel Jonathan instantly go tense against him and he loved that. He enjoyed when Jonathan was especially worked up. He ran his fingers over the recently formed five o'clock shadow and kissed along Jonathan's right jaw stopping just below his bottom lip and repeating the same taunt on the left while he rubbed their sexes against each other. Jonathan didn't respond with word but he responded anyway with harsh breathing and gripping his waist so tight that Thomas knew it was going to leave a few marks. "I'm gonna make you happy, I promise," he moaned then reached down and rubbed their leaking tips together. 

"Oh fuuuck mmm, baby you're killing me here." Jonathan breathed pleadingly as he tried to get his harsh breathing under control.

Thomas took Jonathan's hand from his hip and pushed it around and down his ass and led those long fingers to his hole. He locked eyes with Jonathan as he eased one of those fingers inside him and arch his back. "I love you. I'm yours whenever you want me so please don't ever hold yourself back. Do what you want." He whispered and moaned as that finger prodded his hole.

Obviously that was all the green light Jonathan needed because he instantly added a second finger and curled them loving how Thomas trembled when he touched that sweet spot. Jonathan leaned forward and bit on his bottom lip and inserted his tongue in the mix by pushing between parted lips where Thomas accepted willfully surrendering his mouth to Jonathan.

"Shower," Jonathan rasped when he tore his mouth away breathing heavily. Not a second after and Thomas was up, heading for the huge transparent glass shower like Jonathan ordered. 

After grabbing a bottle of silicone based lube from the vanity drawer, he joined Thomas and closed the door behind him. He was always a very sexual person but Thomas turned his libido on to a whole other level. Just that smile alone was enough to get him going. He was both in love and in lust and that just made sex all the more satisfying. The fact that Thomas was now his and he alone got to touch him. That turned him on to no end. Happiness didn't even come close to what he was feeling.

Thomas who was already getting wet under the overhead shower turned around facing Jonathan when he entered. That hard body never seized to make him wanton. The man exuded pure power and strength. All he had to do was look into those lustful grey eyes and his whole being would fall into submission. He walked over and wrapped his arms around Jonathan's neck then reached up on his toes and claimed those lips. 

He wanted him so much, he felt like his whole body was a sauna. He wondered how he went from giving dick his whole life to feeling like he was incomplete unless he had Jonathan inside him. In the beginning it was a scary thought but over the months since they crossed that line, it somehow felt like the most natural thing between them. Not only was Jonathan an assertive take control kind of man but Thomas oddly enough never felt like he was missing out on anything given that he was always receiving. Having Jonathan's cock buried deep inside him pleased him like no one ever has. 

Jonathan ravished and fed on his mouth hungrily while he walked with him until he was pressed against the wall. He moaned and whimpered as Jonathan pinned both hands above his head then hooked a leg over his waist. The two grounded into each other and explored every possible corner of each other's mouths desperately. Jonathan then turned him to face the wall then began trailing kisses down his back. Instead of going straight for the kill, he took his time paying special attention kissing and licking those Venus dimples and luscious cheeks. He knew that drove Thomas crazy but he just couldn't help himself.

It felt like forever since Jonathan's face was between his cheeks, God how he wanted to feel that hot tongue swiping over his hole and slipping inside him. His hole was literally twitching with need from earlier when Jonathan fingered him, he needed more, he felt like he was going out of his mind. Just when he thought Jonathan was going to torture him some more, Jonathan palmed both of his cheeks and pulled them apart letting the water glide down and over that sensitive flesh. 

Thomas arched and pushed his ass back Just as he felt Jonathan's thumb teasing his outer flesh and fondling his balls. By the way he moaned, you'd think he hadn't been touched the night before but it couldn't be helped. He moaned weakly at the sweet sensation of that finger against his hole, he wanted it inside him but Jonathan removed it instantly leaving him groaning in disappointment but sweet fucking heaven, it was replaced by Jonathan's tongue flicking over it slowly back and forth.

He went to town on his ass, kissing, licking, swiping and prodding. Thomas whimpered needily and squirmed pushing his ass back while he reached back and pulled Jonathan's face impossible closer. "Oh my fuck," Thomas gasped and whimpered while he grinded his ass in Jonathan's face. "Whatever you're doing with your tongue, don't stop. I love it your mouth on my...ahhh. Please don't stop." Thomas moaned running his hand through Jonathan's hair. 

Thomas wondered how the hell Jonathan was breathing down there when he had his face smothered between his cheeks like that but he couldn't stop it, he wouldn't, it felt too damn good. Jonathan grabbed his ass harder and kneaded as he drove his tongue in and out of that tight hot hole. "Ohhhh baby ahhh, I'm gonna come." Thomas sobbed biting on his lip hard as he watched Jonathan at work. It felt so good he felt like crying.

Jonathan reached further and started stroking him while he fucked Thomas with his tongue. Nothing was more satisfying than watching his baby fall apart like that in his arms; only he had the pleasure of doing that and seeing Thomas like that. 

Thomas was so close to coming he could feel the blood vibrating beneath his skin and groin. He couldn't hold it in any longer, he just couldn't, not when Jonathan was stroking him so fast. "Ethan! Oh God!" Thomas cried out shooting his load against the wall as he struggled to balance on his feet. 

Jonathan didn't even wait until he calmed down a bit; he stood abruptly crashing his mouth against Thomas' then ravished his neck. Thomas didn't even know when Jonathan had the time to put lube on his dick, all he felt was that swollen head moving slickly back and forth against his thoroughly eaten hole. Thomas fortunately was still on a high because he felt virtually no pain as Jonathan slid into him with ease. Jonathan's right hand slid around his waist then up his torso until he was holding his jaw between his thumb and forefinger after which tiling his head to the side kissing him passionately muffling his cries while he pounded that ass hard.

Jonathan felt so hard, it hurt. From Thomas' teasing in the tub to fingering his ass to feasting on the hot hole, had him all sorts of bothered. The lube was extra slippery so his speedy thrust weren't tiring at all; it only encouraged him to go faster. He tore his mouth from Thomas' and spanked his ass hard drawing a stunned yelp from him. He then held his hips pressing both thumbs in those dimples causing Thomas to arch his back. 

"Fuck yesss." Thomas groaned through clenched jaw. "Fuck me harder, gimme that big dick. Ohhh fuuuck." Thomas already felt another orgasm nearing as Jonathan drilled his ass hard and fast. How he wished he could see himself right then as Jonathan had his way with him. Just the thought alone made him harder.

"Sonofafuck," Jonathan grunted feeling his cock swell even more, he was gonna come any second; there was no denying it. "Gonna come in you baby, do you want it? Mmm? Do you want my come?" Jonathan reached around and pinched Thomas' nipple while his other hand moved down to stroke Thomas' hard dripping member.

"Oh God please Ethan, fill me up. Make me yours baby, gimme your hot come. I need it." Thomas begged desperately bracing his hands against the wall. "Ethan I'm coming, yessss." His whole body convulsed as he screamed and came against the wall for the second time.

"Goddamnit Thomas, here it comes." Jonathan bit into his shoulder and with a loud animalistic grunt he emptied his seed inside Thomas. Nothing felt better than coming inside him. With his cock still buried inside Thomas he kissed along his shoulder and the back and side of his neck as Thomas' hand reached back combing fingers through his hair soothingly. "I love you baby." Thomas tilted his head to the side and looked at him with watery adoring eyes. Thomas repeated the words to him but he didn't need to hear it, those eyes told him all he needed to know.

Not only did it feel good to come but feeling Jonathan's hot seed pouring into him felt nothing short of bliss. He wished they'd gotten to experience that much sooner in their relationship but he surely did appreciate it more now that they were closer more than ever. This was the man he wanted to spend the rest of his life with; the man who made him feel like he hung the moon in the sky. He knew how lucky he was. 

With Marian, it hadn't really been love. Yes he loved and cared for her deeply but he hadn't been in love with her. She was the mother of his daughter. That was enough for him to marry her and spend the rest of his days with. So many people went through life just settling with what's ideal in their eyes but he'd truly found the person whom he was meant for and he couldn't be more grateful.

********

"T! Baby come on we're gonna be late." Jonathan shouted impatiently from downstairs waiting for Thomas to get ready. He can't remember ever being that excited to go anywhere. He whole life was back in New York but he'd be lying if he said he wasn't considering moving to L.A. just for Camila's food. No more than two minutes later he heard Thomas coming down the stairs but he didn't look up from his phone until Thomas spoke.

"Cool your jets weirdo. It's a barbeque. I don't think it's possible to be late when it's forty five minutes away. It starts at three and it's now two twenty...one. Besides, even if we do happen to be late which isn't going to happen, I'm sure Camila will save plenty of food for...what?" Thomas asked with an arched brow looking at Jonathan's jaw dropping expression gazing at him from head to toe and up again. Thomas wasn't stupid; he knew what choosing that outfit would cause. "Aren't you ready?" He asked calmly.

"Wait!" Jonathan suddenly felt like his throat was closing in. His heart was beating faster, his mouth was now dry, his pants felt tighter for some reason and he also couldn't seem to form words as he took in Thomas' attire. The first thing he saw was that blue denim shirt which was rolled up at the elbows and tucked into his jeans. Why the fuck did he have to wear that. It wasn't revealing in any way but seeing Thomas in it always did things to him, he never understood why. 

With that he wore a pair of light washed denim skinny jeans which looked like it was made especially for him. No, he definitely wasn't going out in that. His beeline honey hair was swept perfectly to the side with a bit of volume. His Chima Pro royal blue gum suede Vans sneakers complimented his outfit perfectly. His finishing accessories were a pair of aviators tucked at the top of his shirt, brown Casio leather wrist watch, brown leather braided bracelet and a tan colored belt. His mind was made up, they weren't going out. "Who says we have to go anywhere." He chuckled awkwardly then cleared his throat. "We could just..."

"What? Stay here and chill?" Thomas returned with a half smirk as he purposely licked his lips.

"Yeah, just chill or maybe campout in the living room and uh..."

"Cuddle?" Thomas whispered slowly walking closer.

Jonathan unconsciously reached down and adjusted his hardness. "Only...only if you want. I mean cuddling would be nice under a blanket..."

"While you grope me and have your way with me?" Thomas was now standing directly in front of Jonathan who looked like he'd just been given some enhancement pills. "A minute ago you wanted to jet outta here big guy and now..." he ran his hand up and down Jonathan's bicep which was cover with a tan colored crew neck sweater which hugged that broad chest and muscles perfectly. "What's the matter babe? You look a little flushed." He intentionally ran his hand up Jonathan's torso until he was cupping his cheek.
