 Part 6: Afternoon Show & Second Night

We didn't have long to speculate. We were called down to the basement and told that we were going to have a chance to reveal some of our selves to the other pledges and the frat members. Each of us would get a fill-in-the-blanks script to flesh out and then present to the group from a make-shift stage that had been set up. The scripts would be different, but equally demanding and equal in eliciting revealing features of the pledges.

We each sat down with our scripts to complete them. Some of the items were innocuous like, "My favorite sports to participate in are . . ." But eventually they worked around to such things as, "Let me show you my little penie. [Drop pants and hold penis out to audience.] I like to touch it and make it bigger, but it never gets as big as a real man's. That's why I like to look at real men's cocks and suck them off if they'll let me. What I like best about sucking a man's cock is . . ." Or, "This is my tight little asshole. [Turn back to audience and spread cheeks.] I've never been fucked in the ass [or say the number of times you have if you have], but this morning I had lots of guys put their fingers in my ass. I got ["very", "sort of", "a little bit"] hard this morning when they put their fingers up my ass and I pictured myself being fucked by ["one", "some", "all"] of them."

A least this is what mine said, and I really hoped that the other pledges' were similar because, once again, Mark said I was to go first. He said it made sense because some of them might need more time to recharge. I didn't know what he was talking about until I got to the last part of the script. I was supposed to jerk off for the audience and spew into my hand. Then, while they applauded, I was supposed to lick the cum off my hand and swallow it.

Soon, it was my turn on stage. As you can tell from what I said above, there was no way to complete the script without embarrassing yourself. Here is most of my script as I completed it. I'll cut out some of the preliminary stuff.

Hi, my name is Allen and I'm from Indianapolis. I'm a good student mainly interested in psychology. I like to play sports, and my favorite sport to participate in is basketball. [And so on and so forth, until it started getting more interesting.]

I have a little penie. I started touching it for pleasure when I was 7 years old. I jack myself off as much as I can, at least twice a day. Here, let me show you my little penie. [Drop pants and hold penis out to audience.] I like to touch it and make it bigger, but it never gets as big as a real man's. That's why I like to look at real men's cocks and suck them off if they'll let me. What I like best about sucking a man's cock is thinking about how good it would feel to have mine sucked like that. {I was proud of that one. I had thought about saying, "when it ends" but I thought that might be thought the wrong answer and besides, it could be taken the wrong way.} Lately, I've sucked guys' cocks a lot {didn't really think I should say "a few times" or it would seem like I thought seven times wasn't very many}. When they shoot their loads in my mouth, I swallow every drop. {The alternative was to say that "I try to swallow every drop but sometimes some of the cum leaks down my chin—then I wipe it with my finger and suck it off my finger because I can't stand to let even one drop go to waste".} I really like {"love" was the alternative} to service the cocks of real men. 

This is my tight little asshole. [Turn back to audience and spread cheeks.] I've never been fucked in the ass, but this morning I had lots of guys put their fingers in my ass. I got sort of {it was a lie, but I thought I could get away with it} hard this morning when they put their fingers up my ass and I pictured myself being fucked by some of them. {Somehow saying "some" seemed better than "one" since that would raise the question of which one.} I hope someday I'm able to service lots of guys with both my mouth and my asshole. Maybe someday I'll be able to do dozens {I could have said "scores" or "hundreds"} of guys at both ends at the same time. That would make me feel really satisfied. {The alternative was "like the woman I've always wanted to be".}

I know my penie isn't very big or interesting. But I'd like to show you how it works if I could. [Stroke your penis, using some of the lube by the stage if you want, until you are hard. Be sure to let everyone in the audience have a good view of your cock as you stroke it to a climax, squirting your cum into your hand. When you cum, your audience will applaud. Then, smile, bring the hand to your mouth and lick up all your cum.]

I carried it all off well, with the exception of when I claimed that I was "sort of hard" when the guys had their fingers in my ass. Almost in unison, they protested that I was lying. 

Now, I've told this like it was no big deal. But it was. I was nervous and scared and embarrassed. But, I was also incredibly horny from this morning's activities and I welcomed the chance to shoot my load. When I came in my hand, it seemed to be a particularly large amount. It seemed even larger as I licked it from my hand and swallowed it.

True to advertisement, the other scripts were different, but not less insulting and embarrassing. One guy had to put his finger up his ass and reminisce about how good it felt to have the other guys' fingers there. One had to put a penis-shaped dildo in his mouth while he masturbated and pretend that it was cumming in his mouth while he came on his stomach. Poor Tom had to talk at length about how he loved the taste of cum and fantasized about having whole troops of guys shooting off for him so he could drink whole glasses full. Rob had to position himself so his legs were propped up over his head and cum in his mouth. He spurted all over his face and had to wipe it off and lick it from his finger. Jeff had to shoot his wad on a plate on the floor and then get on his hands and knees and lick it up while he thrust his finger in and out of his asshole. All and all, I didn't do so badly.

By the time we were done with the show, it was dinner time: brats and potato salad with an especially bitter beer for dinner and chocolate covered bananas for dessert. Nothing remarkable about dinner, though something was remarked about at dinner. Mark came up to me and took me aside.

"Allen," he said. "It did not go unnoticed that you got a perfect score on the first attempt to match people with their numbers and, on the one that there were consequences for, your got every one wrong."

"I guess I just screwed up," I said carefully.

"Hmph. Maybe, but I like the other hypothesis better." I felt my face flush.

Before we could discuss it more, we got interrupted.

We were told to quiet down and watch the video showing on the television. It was a video of this afternoon's show. It wasn't as humiliating to watch myself in the video as it was to perform, but it was still pretty awful. On the other hand, when I watched the other guys go through their humiliation, I found myself getting hard. I'm not sure whether my excitement was intensified by knowing how humiliating the experience was for them. Maybe. But maybe I was just excited by seeing my pledgemates exposing their hard dicks.

The sleeping arrangements that night were the same, minus the girls (for all the good they had done us). When it sounded as if the others were asleep, Tom started talking to me.

"I was lying here thinking about how you sucked us all off this morning."

"Yeah," I said noncommittally.

"And I was thinking that maybe you intentionally missed some of the answers so you would have to do that."

"Why would I do that? Do you think I liked sucking everyone off?" I replied, a bit defensively.

"Well, I was thinking that maybe you were feeling like I am. I mean, the time I sucked Sean during my interview was the first time I had ever touched a guy's cock. I'd never thought about touching a guy or sucking a guy off. The thought of doing it made me feel sick and actually doing it made me throw up. And I didn't like it at all with Sean last night, though it didn't make me throw up. This morning, while I had each guy's cock in my mouth, I was hoping that no one would cum in my mouth. I gagged just thinking about. But, I got hard thinking about it, too. And the more I thought about it, the harder I got. I remembered that when I had sucked you off in bed, it didn't make me retch."

He fell silent, maybe thinking he'd exposed too much about himself. I decided to try to reassure him. I told him that I understood what he was feeling. It wasn't quite an admission that I was feeling the same thing, but it came close and he was reassured.

"Well," he went on, "I'm just feeling kind of weird. Am I ... like ... gay?" Tom was obviously in turmoil. 

"Listen, Tom," I wanted to calm him down. "I figure that we have to give ourselves a pass for now. The shit these guys are putting us through it playing games with our heads. Don't over-think this. We're doing what we have to do to get into SAE. That's all. It doesn't mean anything."

I could tell that I'd made Tom feel better. It's almost as if I could feel his muscles relax. On impulse, and deciding to follow my advice not to over-think things, I reached over for Tom's crotch. His cock was soft, but quickly began filling in my hand. I stroked him gently to a full erection. I liked the feeling of him hardening in my hand, in response to my touch.

I was pretty sure the rest of the guys were asleep. At least I didn't hear any noise from the other beds. I slid down in the bed so I could take Tom's now wonderfully hard cock in my mouth. As I took him deep in my mouth I focused on the marvelous sensation of having a hard, hot cock fill my mouth. I sucked Tom gently; I was in no hurry to bring him off. He seemed to enjoy the slow, gentle attention I was giving his throbbing cock.

This went on for maybe ten minutes before I could feel his response change. He was building to an orgasm. He needed to cum; he wanted to shoot his load in my mouth. And that was exactly what I wanted. I pumped the base of his shaft with my hand and bobbed my mouth up and down over his helmet, urging him to spew his salty load in my mouth.

It didn't take long for both of us to get what we wanted. I swallowed Tom's cum, enjoying the taste and texture. I cleaned his cock with my tongue, causing Tom to twitch. Then I crawled up next to him in the bed.

I knew that Tom would be worried about reciprocating. And I would have loved to cum then. My cock was rigid. I'm sure Tom would have rallied to what he saw as his duty, but I decided to let him off the hook.

"Don't over-think things, Tom," I said. "Just roll over, okay?"

Tom welcomed the invitation to simply doze into sleep from the post-ejaculation high he was on. He rolled over on his side and I moved up behind him, spooning with him. I loved the feeling of my cock rubbing gently against his ass. I fell asleep with my arm around him and my rigid cock nestled against his tight little ass, dreaming about what might be.