 Part 4: First Night Frolics

The mathematically gifted will have deduced that we pledges would have to share the girls. That was okay. They seemed to be enough for all of us. I could still feel Lori's touch on my cock. I longed to feel her mouth surround me the way she had Mark. I wanted to feel my cock harden in her mouth and forget, at least for now, the cock that had hardened—twice now—in my mouth.

The sleeping room had three large beds, which worked out fine for our purposes. As it turned out, Tom and I shared Lori and the others worked out the pairing up with Gina and Cindy somehow. Lori took off the rest of her clothes before coming to bed and Tom and I did the same. It was actually a little embarrassing undressing in front of these people I barely knew, but I was willing to put up with that.

Lori got into the middle of the bed and Tom and I climbed in on opposite sides. I wasn't paying much attention to Tom, but I ran my hand over her body, stopping on one of her gorgeous breasts. She moaned and it sounded wonderful, even if it was just an act. When I felt her small, warm hand touch my cock, I moaned and it most certainly was not an act. She began to jack me off like she had in the TV room earlier. I was in heaven, though I wanted more. I wanted her to suck me like she had Mark—well, like I had Mark, too, though I had sort of put that out of my mind. When I thought about it, I guess I realized that I wanted her to do it more like I had, because I really wanted to cum. But, then, I didn't know whether I wanted to cum in her mouth or her cunt. What a spectacular choice for a virgin! (Was I still a virgin? I decided that I was, from this direction, at least.)

I pushed Lori's head toward my aching cock very gently. That was all it took. She started to move down. She stopped and whispered to Tom that he should fuck her from behind while she sucked my cock. He was more than agreeable. Then she moved down to take my cock in her mouth.

God! I mean, GOD!!! Nothing has ever felt that good. I forgot about everything but the sensation in my cock, that soon felt as if it wasn't confined to my cock anymore. My entire body tingled with excitement. In just a few seconds, I could feel my balls start to boil. If I came too soon, it was understandable. I'd been excited and frustrated all night. Actually, the last day and a half had been filled with more sexual tension than I'd ever felt before.

Lori could sense that I was near and stopped what she was doing. She squeezed hard on the base of my penis and told me, in a sweet and sultry tone, that I wasn't to cum yet. I ached and my hips were still gyrating in a futile attempt to shoot my wad. But soon, the urgency receded. In the meantime, Lori had to stop Tom, too, so he wouldn't cum too soon.

"Maybe we should reverse things for a while," Lori suggested. So, I got a chance to feel a beautiful woman's hips in my hands as I buried my cock in her hot, wet cunt. That, too, was ecstasy. From the look on Tom's face, he was enjoying having his cock sucked as much as I had. We were both taking a little longer to get close to the point of cumming this time, but we were soon there, and almost at the same time.

Again, Lori stopped us. Again, both of us found our hips lurching out of our conscious control. I think we both sort of whimpered; I know I did. Lori showed no mercy and I took it pretty well because I figured that all this teasing would make it all that much better when she finally let us cum.

Lori had us lie next to each other while she got on top of us putting one knee between each of our legs. Then, she went from one cock to the other sucking it while she stroked both. This felt wonderful and the trading off made me last longer before I began to feel an orgasm building up. Lori timed her exchanges to keep both of us right on the edge, sometimes sucking neither of us and almost stopping her hands for fear of our going too far.

"Oh, please," I begged. "Please let me cum."

Lori looked at me for just a minute and then looked at the girls in the other beds. She seemed to be deciding whether to tell me something now or not. Apparently, she decided to.

"Oh, no, dear boy. You're not going to cum while I'm here. I have very strict instructions. I'm to get you as excited as I can for as long as I can, but I don't get paid if you cum."

"Jesus! Those bastards!"

Tom was thinking more constructively. "We'll pay you. Just please let us cum."

"Sorry, Sweeties." She was already getting up and putting her clothes on.

We begged, pleaded, groveled. It wasn't very dignified. Worse yet, it was completely ineffective. Now the girls were all dressed and ready to leave us alone. Cindy said to us all, "The other guys said that what you do up here in your room is your business, just as long as we didn't let you cum with us."

With that, they left six of the horniest, most frustrated guys that have ever existed, I was willing to bet. One of the other guys, Jeff, asserted with forcefulness that he wasn't going to bed without shooting his load. Rob, now the only bedmate Jeff had, suggested that we all jerk off. We knew we were going to do it anyway. If we all agreed to it, we wouldn't have to hide it. So, it was decided that we would do what so many high school and college guys had to do, settle for our own hand when what we really wanted was a woman.

The light was dim, but I saw some movement and heard some of the others start to stroke themselves. As I put my own hand to my cock, I felt completely disappointed. This wasn't what I wanted, what I expected tonight. I felt deprived and angry about it.

I don't know where I found the courage to do what I did next. I didn't really plan it out. I reached over and moved Tom's hand to my cock while I grabbed his cock with my other hand. Surprisingly, he didn't resist. He began stroking my cock as I stroked his. This felt much better than beating my own meat as I had done so many times in the past. I couldn't see what was happening in the other two beds so I figured they couldn't see what was happening in ours. Anyway, I didn't really care much.

Tom and I stroked each other for only a short time before we both started to cum. I had never had such an intense, or massive, orgasm. Measured in seconds, gasps, or tablespoons, it was beyond my experience. My whole chest felt covered with cum and, when I felt Tom's, I found that his was about the same.

Now, the age old question for guys. What to do with the cum? You are so focused on producing it that you give hardly a thought to getting rid of it. I guessed that Tom was having similar concerns. I surprised myself again when I brought the hand I'd stroked him with to my mouth and sucked the cum off it. It didn't taste so bad, so I leaned down on his chest and licked up his cum. When I got to his cock, I took him in my mouth to clean him off. He seemed to like it, but he didn't harden so soon after such an exhausting orgasm.

Leaning down for him had smeared the cum on my chest, but not cleaned it off. I put my hand on the back of his head and just gestured to what I wanted, but he resisted.

"I'm sorry, Allen. I know I should do it for you, too. But I just can't. My stomach is churning; I'm afraid I'd throw up."

"Okay," I whispered. And I went to sleep with a cum-soaked chest. 

But, sometime later, when I had gotten pretty soundly to sleep, I felt Tom's head on my chest—hesitantly, tentatively, licking my chest and working his way down to my cock. I realized that my cock was rock hard. Maybe my body was responding to his tongue, or maybe just to the night's activities. But I was hard and I didn't feel "spent" anymore. As his lips closed on my cock, he could feel my need—my desire. I was afraid it would frighten him and he would move away. I don't know whether he knew I was awake at this point. But he didn't move away. He opened his mouth to take my hard cock in and sucked me gently, cleaning me off. 

I had to cut off a slight moan for fear it would wake the others. I was sure that Tom knew that I was awake now and I put my hands gently on his shoulder and the back of his head. He wasn't frightened or reluctant. He began sucking harder, bobbing his head on and off my hard shaft. Soon, I felt the urgency of orgasm for the second time that night and I spewed into his mouth over and over again. Without a sound, he swallowed load after load of cum and gently licked my spent cock clean. I was wondering if I should return the favor. I really didn't want to—I just wanted to bask in the afterglow of my orgasm and drift back to sleep—but I was willing, if necessary, to give the quid pro quo. But Tom just rolled away from me and settled in to sleep.

I drifted off to sleep completely content with no turmoil in my soul about the day's activities. Somewhere, down deep, I knew that this was because I was high on the endorphins from my orgasm, not because I was at peace with what I had done.