 Chapter 03: Probationary Acceptance Party

This incident with Mark was playing with my head. I really didn't want to be all the things that I now feared I was: fag, cocksucker, and all that. I resolved that it was an one-time thing. Maybe it was a bad decision; maybe not. But it was in the past. There were lots of women on campus and, while I was no hunk, I would find someone to get to know in the way I wanted.

My psychology class went completely normally, though I was sometimes a bit distracted thinking about my dream. When I got back to my dorm room, there was a message to call Mark. My heart began to pound. I didn't expect to hear about being admitted into the fraternity so soon, and I really didn't want to think about anything else Mark might be calling me about. I dialed his number and listened to my pulse pound in the phone. When he answered and I told him it was me, he sounded completely normal and cheery.

"You're in!"

"What?" I said stupidly.

"You're in, Allen." He paused for a minute, probably waiting for me to say something, but I couldn't think of anything to say. So he went on. "Well, it's only probationary, of course, but out of all the guys who applied, we only took six as probationary pledges. So, that's pretty good."

"It's great," I said, and I really was excited but I was a little uncomfortable and my voice must have sounded less than enthusiastic.

"Well, I hope you think so. I had to make a pitch for you. I'd hate to think you didn't appreciate it."

Shit. He thinks I'm indebted to him now. He's planning on keeping me as his little cocksucker. I wasn't sure now if I wanted to accept the invitation to join. But what he said next put me at ease. They wanted all the probationary pledges to come and spend the entire Spring Break at the house, beginning tonight. He said that SAE was going to spring for some entertainment in the form of booze, movies and women (if I knew that he meant). I thought I did, and I liked the idea very much. I was getting ready as soon as I hung up and was on the doorstep at eight as instructed.

The other new recruits came about the same time and, after dropping our things off in a large dorm-style sleeping room, we were shown into the basement rec room. It was a great room. There was a pool table, a Ping-Pong table, a pinball machine and some video games on one side. The other side was completely made over into a home theater with a huge screen TV and a terrific sound system. There was a keg of beer already flowing and I began to relax. In addition to Mark, there were five other senior SAE members. They were all really nice and the rest of the probationary pledges seemed okay, too. I had seen them around, but didn't really know any of them and I was relieved to find that they accepted me, they seemed really interested when we talked. As it turned out, each of the six SAE guys were "sponsors" of one of the new recruits.

Now I don't have too much experience drinking, and I'm pretty sure I had a little too much, too quickly because some things are kind of blurry in my memory. I know we went over to the TV side of the room and began watching one of the movies Mark had mentioned. It was really good. I mean, it was "for shit" as a movie: no plot, ridiculous dialog, bad sound and camera work. But it was really hot—or so it seemed to a naive guy like me. Women were coming on to men like crazy and at the mere suggestion would drop to their knees and suck a guy off. They seemed to love fucking and sucking lots of guys at once. And, if there wasn't a guy around, they would play with each other. I really liked it.

I was initially irritated when there was a commotion behind us. But, when I looked back and saw the source, I decided it was okay. The party girls were here: three hookers, I'm sure, though they didn't look like I imagined hookers would. They were young, not really trashy looking, and they were pretty. They came over and sat down among us—well, not the probationary pledges. Each of the three girls sat with one of the SAE guys on each side of her.

So, we newbies had to look on from afar. But the show was pretty good. They started talking about the action on the screen. It was strange to hear a woman talk like that: openly and crudely about sex but with no embarrassment. Sometimes they were laughing about the things that happened in the movie. Sometimes they were teasing the guys there were sitting with. And sometimes they were pitying those of us far from them. But they didn't do anything to correct that last situation.

One of the hookers, I think her name was 'Gina', commented on how big the boobs were on the woman in the movie who was seducing a younger girl into some lesbian love. Another, who called herself 'Lori' (though who knows what her real name was) insisted that the actress wasn't any bigger than she was. Of course, the argument was only going to be settled by a show of breasts, so soon Lori was standing next to the "freeze framed" image of the buxom woman on the screen. We all voted that, while Lori's breasts were slightly smaller than the other woman's, they were definitely far better looking. Soon, all of the girls were in some state of undress. They toyed with us mercilessly, rubbing the thighs of the upperclassmen and touching themselves. Sometimes they would let one of the senior guys touch their breasts, but the advances came quite slowly.

Before too many more beers were drunk by everyone, though, progress had been made. The third girl, Cindy, broke the ice (if you can use that word for a room that was so hot) when she bet Gina that Gina couldn't deepthroat a guy like the woman on the movie was doing. We all saw this coming as a set up so we weren't surprised, but we were extremely excited, when the girls began undressing the older SAE guys and pulled their cocks out. My cock, and I'm sure the cocks of my fellow pledges, were just as hard as the upperclassmen's but theirs were out in the open and being stroked and sucked by beautiful women. God, I envied them.

At one point, when Lori was sucking Mark deep into her throat, I was watching them closely, not really thinking about anything. But, when I caught Mark looking at me with a sort of superior grin on his face, I flushed and turned away quickly. After a few minutes, though, I found my eyes going back, again and again, to Mark's cock. I felt my heart pounding again. Her lips were dark red and the contrast with his white cock was striking. She would go all the way down on his cock and, as she did, I felt my throat tighten.

At first I didn't hear what Mark said. I didn't even know that he was talking to me. But I suddenly realized that all the other discussion in the room had stopped. There was only the background noise of the movie with its sucking and slurping and bad soundtrack. Everyone was looking at me.

"Hey! I said, do you want some of this, Allen?"

Jesus, did I. I didn't have to answer. He told me to come over; there was plenty to go around.

The other girls had stopped what they were doing and Lori was just sort of slowly sliding her mouth on and off Mark's cock while she watched me walk over. I got excited when I noticed that she was watching my crotch. There was a definite bulge there waiting for her. And she seemed interested in it.

I sat down on the couch next to Mark, unzipped my pants and pulled out my hard cock. Mark's sharp rebuke stopped me.

"No, Allen. You're not going to share Lori. You're going to share with Lori." It took me a second to process this. (I was a little drunk, after all.) When I did, I shook my head violently. His hand was reaching for my head to push me down on his wet cock. I shoved his hand away and said, loudly enough for all to hear, that I wasn't going to touch his cock; I wasn't going to suck him off.

There was a complete silence for a minute. Then, one of the other upper-classmen told Mark to knock it off. He tried to cool things off by suggesting that we just watch the next video. I was debating leaving, but Lori stroked her hand across my crotch once and I decided I wasn't going anywhere.

The next movie looked as if it was really amateurish. You could barely hear the music that was crudely dubbed in while the credits—simple cards held in front of the camera—were running. The title was "Gobbling Greeks". I didn't get it.

I looked down for a second at Lori's face that was still just inches from Mark's now soft cock, and thought about what it would feel like to have those crimson lips sliding up and down my cock.. I dwelled on the pleasant thought for a minute when I began to hear the soundtrack from the movie.

"You see, Allen, most of these interviews really are pretty much the same. I don't get very aroused in them. But I'd like our interview to be different—stimulating. And I should tell you that you can trust me not to say a word about any of the details of our interview to anyone."

A pause.

"I just have to tell them that you are someone we want. And I won't say anything more."

"So, what do you say, Allen? Can you make this an exciting interview?" "I'm sure I'll perk up the minute you open your mouth."

I was looking at the screen by now and my thoughts had cleared enough to know what was happening. Everyone in the room was looking at me. I didn't return the gazes long enough to catch their expressions. I just wanted out of there. As I bolted for the door, though, strong hands from both sides pushed me down into my seat.

"Just relax and watch, Allen. You like watching guys get their cocks sucked. I think you'll like this video." I knew better, but I didn't have a choice so long as they were holding me down. There was an unreal quality to the experience of watching the video of myself open his pants, slide off my chair and take his hardening cock into my mouth. It was just yesterday but it seemed so far ago. Except in my mouth and throat. There, I could almost still feel his cock—hard, smooth, and hot—sliding in and out, forcing my jaw wide, hammering against the back of my mouth.

I glanced at the others. No one was looking at me. The older fraternity members were watching the videos with rapt attention. The new recruits were watching too, but they seemed to be distracted by their own thoughts.

"So, Allen. It looks to me as if you not only like to watch cock's getting sucked. You like to suck cocks."

"Oh, Jesus," was all I could manage to say at first. Then I said, more quietly, "You said you won't let anyone else know."

"Actually, I only said I wouldn't say a word," he grinned. "I didn't. The other guys could pretty much see for themselves from the video."

"Turn it off," I begged him. On the videotape, I was just getting into a rhythm on his cock and he was beginning to build toward an orgasm.

"Oh, Allen. You don't really want me to turn it off. . . Look!" And he pointed down to my crotch where my cock was still exposed because of my earlier mistaken optimism. Lori sort of laughed and reached out to touch my cock and everyone in the room could see that it was hard and there was a drop of pre-cum glistening at the slit.

"Here, Honey. I know exactly what you want," Lori said. "I know what you're feeling. Let me show you how to take care of it."

She crawled over Mark to kiss me on the lips while her hand continued to stroke my cock. Her tongue pressed hard into my mouth and I found myself sucking on it. Almost imperceptibly, she drew back, pulling me with her until both of us were near Mark's exposed cock.

"Here, Honey. Here's what you want." And she drew away and tried to guide my head toward Mark's anxious cock. I shook my head again and tried to draw away, but Mark would have none of that.

"Allen. I don't think you understand. This tape is really too good for our fraternity to keep to itself. It should be shared with the other fraternities—and the sororities, for that matter. I think it would take some significant persuasion to make me selfish enough to keep this good stuff for ourselves."

I understood immediately this time, and, resigned to my fate, took him into my mouth for a second time. I didn't understand why he would rather have me suck him off than Lori. She was beautiful, sexy, stacked and very willing. I'm sure she knew what she was doing and did it a lot better. But it didn't matter, he was going to show the tape to everyone if I didn't do what he wanted. So, I did what he wanted.

It was easier for me not to think of all the others in the room. I just focused on what I had to do to get this over with. Lori, though, didn't let me forget her presence. She continued to stroke my cock as I sucked on Mark's. For that I was very grateful; it felt terrific. But she also egged me on with words of encouragement and told me what I liked about how it felt. I hated that, but I kept sucking and pumping Mark's cock.

I guess someone rewound the tape, because I heard the opening exchange between Mark and me again. I thought about my emotions yesterday—how I was scared and excited, repulsed and attracted. I didn't feel quite the conflict today. I was being forced, and everyone in the room knew it. I guess that allowed me to deflect responsibility for what was happening.

Mark's hands held the sides of my head so he could control the rhythm. He slowed me down and I didn't understand why at first. Then, I realized that he was timing his orgasm to coincide with the one on the tape. By listening to the tape, I could tell when he was going to cum in my mouth, because I was sure he would cum as soon as he let himself. He was primed and ready. I felt the same way, and I think Lori knew it because she suddenly stopped stroking my cock. I really didn't want her to stop, but I think that I might have felt worse if I had cum on the rug when I was sucking Mark off, so maybe her stopping was for the best, though it would be hard to convince my aching balls of that.

I heard him start to scream on the tape, and felt his hips thrust his hard shaft deep into my mouth at the same time. For a second, he didn't piston in and out. He just pressed hard as deeply as he could and I felt his hot semen squirt against the back of my mouth in pulse after pulse. Then he began pumping hard in and out of my mouth again until he finished spewing in me and began to soften.

I started to move my head away but Lori stopped me. Some of his cum was on my fingers and at the base of his cock. Lori told me that I had to lick it off slowly and kiss his softening penis. She wasn't really giving me orders; she was giving me "helpful advice"—as if I wanted to do this as well as she could. That was much worse than giving orders. But Mark's hands on my head made clear that it was an order from him. So I licked his cum from my fingers and from the hairs around the base of his cock. I kissed his cock one last time before backing away (putting my own frustrated cock away in the same motion).

"Okay, which one of you pledges wants to be next?" one of the seniors, Sean, said. None of the pledges volunteered so he continued, "Okay, who is next on the tape?"

Someone started the tape that had been paused, and I saw one of my pledgemates, Tom, in the interview room with Sean. I suspected that Sean knew very well who was next on the tape. The dialogue was a variation on mine with Mark, but the outcome was the same. After the inevitable verbal dancing around, Tom was on his knees sucking Sean's cock with a show of enthusiasm if not expertise. We all watched the scene until the end. I was very glad not to be the center of attention anymore, and happier still to have company in my situation.

When Sean came in the poor guy's mouth, Tom couldn't hold it. He tried to swallow but began retching and wound up throwing up in the wastebasket.

"Let's see if we can help you get better at that," said Cindy as she guided Tom down to his knees in front of Sean. The pledge knew what the deal was so he didn't resist. He took the waiting cock, now limp from inattention but still wet from Cindy's ministrations, into his mouth and began sucking gently on it until it hardened. Someone had rewound and restarted the tape for this session, too, but I found it much more interesting to look at the real thing, right next to me. I knew the mix of feelings Tom was experiencing. At least I thought I did. Then it crossed my mind that maybe he felt something different from me. Maybe he didn't feel, in addition to the embarrassment and humiliation, some thrill.

I watched the cock harden in his mouth. I could almost feel the pressure on my jaw as he stretched to accommodate the increased size. I thought about the moment in the future when his mouth would fill with cum and wondered whether he would be able to fight the urge to gag, whether this time he would be able to swallow without throwing up. I reached for my beer to wash my mouth out, glad that my time was over.

It didn't take Sean long this time. He either didn't want to, or couldn't, pace himself to cum when he did on the tape. When it was apparent that he was about to cum, Cindy told Tom to take Sean's cock deep into his mouth and swallow as Sean came. Cindy gave him a little push to emphasize the advice. This time, I guess Sean came so far back in Tom's mouth that Tom didn't go through the awful retching he had on the tape, though we were treated to the replay of that on screen while Tom licked up the drippings from Sean's cock and kissed his cock before putting it away. 

One after another, we watched as each of the pledges redid the blowjob he had done to get this far, with the video playing in the background. No one protested. I guess it was easier for the others, knowing that we had all done this, than it was for me. But there was little choice given that the fraternity was willing to use the tape as blackmail.

When all the upperclassmen were spent, each in his own pledge, Mark, who evidently was the motivator for these activities, said, "You guys have been great sports about this—in addition to being great cocksuckers, I mean. We have a reward for you." Our ears perked up, but we were skeptical—suspecting some further humiliation. But Mark went on, "Since you guys insisted on horning in on the girls, we thought you might like to take the girls to bed with you and give them a little more of what they were getting from us. You know, sort of make up for the fact that you cheated them out of what they wanted from us." He paused while he looked around at us. "So, what do you say? Does that sound okay? Otherwise, we can send them home."

Needless to say, we took him up on the offer. Besides promising the obvious pleasure, it helped us to seem (not the least to ourselves) to be regular guys after having been forced to suck a guy's cock in front of all the others. The evening had been embarrassing and frustrating. The night promised to improve.