 I knock on the door in a very nervous state. I am just getting ready to turn around and move quickly to my car but you answer the door before I have a chance to make my move. 

"Good afternoon Dennis -- I am glad you were able to make it." You say in a very welcoming and assuring voice.

I reply with a rather feeble "Hello." I realize just how weak that sounded but I am to nervous to answer with anything but a single word.

"Please come in and sit down." As I follow you in you add "Need something to drink? Water, soda, beer?"

I am still trying to find my voice but I do manage to say that I would love a bottle of water. The is a small older house but very nicely furnished and decorated. Upscale furniture and the wall hangings are top end and well coordinated. We enter into the living room and you gesture for me to take a seat on the couch. 

I do as directed. You move toward what I assume is the kitchen, disappear for a few seconds and then reappear with two craft beers and a bottle of water. 

"Just in case you change your mind". Your voice and gestures are very warm and have a bit of a calming effect on me which I desperately needed.

You nod towards the TV which is broadcasting a college football game with the sound turned down and start asking me about my interests in various sports. We start talking a bit about the game that is showing as well as other sports. The conversation drifts in and out of various subjects from sports to politics to the weather. Nothing to deep but it is enough to get me to relax a bit and almost forget why I am here. And I do pass on the water and start sipping the very nice IPA.

After maybe an hour of general conversation you ask me to get you another beer from the kitchen. I stand up and take a step towards the kitchen when you speak up in a bit of a firm tone -- not threatening at all but it did have a bit of an edge.

"By the way -- I normally do not allow any of my subs to be clothed in my house. I realize you are rather new to this so I have relaxed that rule thus far but now I think it is now time to enforce it. Please remove first your sandals then shirt, shorts and finally your underwear and place them on the chair to your left. Do it slowly, I want to enjoy this. Oh and btw -- in the future the clothes go as soon as you walk in the door."

"Also, please note this does not violate the agreement we made via our chats and emails. Being naked is not sex or any other activity we both agreed to avoid on our first meeting but it does reinforce who is in charge here. It also is important to me that the rules of conduct for all subs in my house be followed, no exceptions, even for a first timer."

I stop in my tracks. This tone and command catches me a bit off guard. I knew we would somehow get to a point that defined exactly who was in charge and who was not. I just did not expect it like this. In any event I hesitate only briefly before starting to comply. I first remove both sandals and place them on the floor under the chair. Next I pull my golf shirt up and over my head. Then remembering the 'slowly' command I take my time and neatly fold the shirt and place it on the chair as directed. I then proceed to unbuckle my belt, unfasten the snap on my shorts and unzip the zipper. I am about to move my shorts down and suddenly realized there was a small problem. During my impromptu strip tease my cock had become very hard and I knew as soon as my shorts came down my situation would be very obvious. My thought process was not exactly running at full speed or it would have dawned on me that my cock was going to be on full display for the rest of the day and probably hard most of that time. Dropping my shorts now to start that display was a pretty minor event.

"Don't stop boy. I said slowly not a snails pace. Get your shorts down."

I snap back to reality and allow my shorts to drop to the floor and then bend down to pick them up and set them on the chair. While my cock was still underneath my underwear it was very apparent that it was quite hard.

"How interesting. My boys cock gets hard just from undressing. This could be a very interesting afternoon. Now continue."

I slide the elastic up and over my cock and slide my shorts down and off.

Now I was totally naked, hard as I have ever been and standing in front of a man I had just met an hour ago. 

"Very nice. Everything seems to be in working order though we may put that to the test later. Now please get me my beer as requested."

I turned and walked to the kitchen, got the beer and returned and handed it to you.

"Please sit back down."

I sit back down on the end of the sofa and we resume our conversations as if nothing had changed. I am a little taken aback but rejoin the conversation, though in a somewhat awkward manner. I must confess at this stage I have absolutely no idea where this afternoon is proceeding.

"Well boy -- and I do hope you are not offended but 'boy' is a term of endearment from me - given that I know you are new to this I would like to now proceed with a few objects that might help you relax and totally understand your place in this house. Of course still abiding by our agreed upon rules."

With that said you slide next to me and produce a blindfold from your hand.

"Here -- allow me to put this on. I believe it might help to calm you down a bit."

You reach over place the blindfold over my eyes and my world goes black.

"Much better. Now you can just sit back and relax and let everything just happen naturally." 

I do as instructed but do notice you stay seated next to me instead of moving back. You then continue with some irrelevant conversation, but very soon I can feel your right hand resting on my left knee and then start slowly sliding up my thigh.

"I have been admiring your beautiful cock for a while now and thought I would like to feel it if you don't mind and perhaps even if you do." That last part was followed by a light laugh perhaps to let to relax me a bit and accept my situation.

With that said your hand is now softly fondling my cock. A new experience for me -- a man's hand rubbing my hard cock. And me wanting only more.

"Very nice but not exactly what we are here for. Remember I said toys, not toy, a bit ago. Now onto your knees, head down, ass up. I am a big believer that a butt plug helps to keep a boy's concentration where it should be. I also know your ass is still a virgin so I have selected my smallest plug until you can handle a man sized plug. Now on the floor as directed and get ready. This will not hurt but it will be a new experience for you."

I feel my Master gently pushing the plug on my ass hole. I try not to fight it but that is easier said then done. Master keeps increasing the pressure until the plug seemingly just slides in. I feel like my ass is about to explode but I do avoid screaming. It is very definitely a new experience and not totally a good experience. But once the initial shock goes away not really a bad experience. In fact, while I would not call it comfortable, I also would not say it was uncomfortable.

"See now that wasn't to bad was it. Now sit back up here and lets continue our chat."

I move back up to the couch but sitting puts unwanted pressure on the plug so I am squirming a bit. As I am sitting there with you sitting tightly beside me I realize that our legs are now skin to skin. Sometime during the placement of the plug you must have removed your pants.

"Well if it is that uncomfortable to sit then just get on your knees facing the couch. Probably where you belong anyway."

I move to my knees and lean into the part of the couch where I had been sitting. It is much more comfortable this way and the plug is starting to give me mixed signals. It is still uncomfortable but there is also something else happening though I can not put my finger on it. I was already more then a bit aroused but the plug seems to be pushing that sexual feeling in a direction I cannot understand.

"Here boy -- move over a little to your right."

I do so and I can now feel your legs on either side of me.

"Very good, you are progressing very nicely. Now I would like to move ahead just a little farther. Still following our agreement, using both hands please massage my right leg from knee to torso. Your left hand on top, right hand on the inner leg. I have put a small amount of a body oil on my leg already so go ahead and start. I will be giving you instructions as you proceed."

This is starting to move a little faster then I expected. Per our online agreement this was supposed to be basically a meet and greet day but the events seem to be moving quickly very much beyond that. However I do as directed. Left hand on top of leg and right hand on the inner part. I move from the knee and up the leg and then back down. Going just a bit higher every time. I can feel you have shifted to the corner of the couch and have moved your groin forward. I cannot see but it feels like you are leaning back into the corner of the couch and your groin is pushed forward to the edge. This gives my hands easy access to your leg.

As my hands get higher you reach down and grab my wrists and move them even higher until they are at the top of your thighs which also means your ball sac is resting on the back of my right hand. You let go of my wrists and I slide my hands back to your knee and then all the way back up, until your sac is again on the back of my hand, not needing to be guided. This continues for several more trips up and back when you take my hands and move them to your left leg. I repeat the process getting all the way to the top in only three 'trips'.

"Next lesson. As I am sure you know you were just rubbing the back of your hands on my balls. You did not seem adverse to this so now lean forward a bit and with both hands softly massage them. Do it just like I know you do your own when you are alone. Treat them like they are the most important thing in the world, and for you right now, they are. Now begin."

I do as directed. First one hand then the other softly cupping and squeezing. And then both hands, one ball in each. And as my Master had insinuated it did almost feel like I was massaging my own balls. Somehow this action was exciting me every bit as much as if I was massaging my own balls.

"That feels very nice boy -- there maybe a day we lay together and you spend hours doing just that. But not today. I have one more toy to introduce you to. I will return shortly." 

With that you get up and I can hear you leave the room but very quickly I can also hear you return and feel you standing next to me. 

"Please place your arms behind your back boy."

I do so and immediately feel cuffs being fastened to both wrists.

"There -- that something I like to do with my boys, especially the first time. I did not fasten them to tight but don't bother trying to slip out of them -- they are not that loose. Also at this stage most of the requirements for your hands are now over so they would just get in the way."

"Also I see your cock is still rather stiff. I have to believe by now it is getting just a bit uncomfortable. Please don't expect any relieve soon. In fact unless you preform in an outstanding manner don't expect any relieve at all. And best case is I will invite my next door neighbor over and she and I will watch you masturbate. She loves watching my boys masturbate. Never have figured that bitch out but she does provide me with some delicious baked goods in exchange for a show or two."

With that said you move back to your position on the couch with me between your legs.

"Via our emails and IMS I am aware of your situation and we have agreed to proceed slowly but given how well you have done today I am moving up the schedule a bit. It may also be because I am just a bit horny today and need some relieve. And you boy are it. My relieve."

"Starting at my knees I would like you to start kissing and licking my inner thighs. Lots of lips, lots of tongue. I will be moving your head where I want it so you have no decisions to make. Just follow my orders and you will be fine. This may take a while so be prepared."

I realize that our initial agreement is apparently no longer operative and I have little or no say in the matter. Also not certain I care. I am ready to serve and will not fight anything that is asked of me.

With that said you pull my head to your right leg and I proceed to start kissing and then licking and then swirling my tongue. You control the where, moving my head up and then back down. To the left leg and then back to the right. To the knee and then back to the crouch -- or so it seems. Then while my tongue is on your upper thigh you speak. From your actions it seems to me you are enjoying my actions. 

"Now just as you were massaging my balls I want the same treatment only from your tongue. And on my command I then want you to proceed to start kissing and licking my cock."

I do as instructed. Start licking and kissing your sac and balls. Trying to do exactly as instructed -- massage them with my tongue. I even try to suck a ball into my mouth but the angle is not good for that .

"That will come later boy -- on another day -- and now I want to feel your lips and tongue on my cock. Do not go to the tip. That will be a treat for you later. Now begin."

I commence kissing and licking as I think you would like it. This being new to me -- being on the giving end -- I simply try to do what I would like. I try to stiffen my tongue and grab your cock with it as if I were trying to jack you off only with my tongue. I am not certain how successful that was but you do not stop me, in fact I think I hear a moan from my actions. I am going up and down your cock and it is really starting to have an effect on me. More so then I would have thought. My own cock is now so hard as to be painful. The only thing keeping that from being a major issue is my concentration on the cock that is at my mouth. 

"Now I would like you to move to the head of my cock. Same technique. Kisses and a very active tongue. I want to feel a lot of tongue. The head of my cock is very sensitive and I love to feel a tongue swirling around the tip of my cock."

I try to follow my instructions exactly. I start with simple kisses and then add just the tip of my tongue being very careful to not open my mouth. Only kisses and licks. I am enjoying this more and more. I imagine I can feel your cock jump occasionally as I move my tongue. And I am pretty certain I have heard a moan or two. I am very encouraged by the signals I am getting. At this stage my only goal is to please my new Master.

"Now for your first real step in becoming a cocksucker. Take just the head of my cock into your mouth. No more then just the head. I want your tongue to know every square inch. I want your tongue to try and find my cum hole. And as soon as you have completed those actions I want you to fuck just the tip of that cock. Pretend you can only make me give you the cum you want by sucking just the tip. Put that slutty mouth of yours to work now."

I allow the head of your cock to penetrate my mouth. Not far. Just the tip as instructed. I stop for a short time and just get used to the feeling of your cock in my mouth. And then I start with my tongue. Bathing the entire head with a slow circling motion, then fast and then slow again. I really am trying to get my tongue to know every minor dimple or crease. I then move to your cum hole and use my tongue as if I am trying to find your cum. Trying to slide my tongue down inside your cock.

Your hands are now on the back of my head holding it firmly in place -- not that I was trying to move it away. I could not stop know if I wanted to. And I suddenly feel you thrust your hips upward and with my head immobile your cock went deep into me. And then just as suddenly back out.

"Now boy lets see what you can do. Remember this is not a speed race. Slow is better then fast. One of the reasons I love to use cuffs is it guarantees this is a 'no hands' event. I had having my cock sucked but the suckee is really doing all the work with his hands. Much nicer when it really is all oral. And by the way -- it tends to take a lot longer that way. Now I am going to just lay back and enjoy feeling my new slut worship my cock."

"And one more quick item in case you had any thoughts along this line. Yes you do swallow!"

With that said I then commence with my duties. The main goal of course is to give the cock now deeply embedded in my mouth the most pleasure that I can. Given my inexperience I do find it a little awkward at times. I just cannot get the angles right but I am trying hard to learn. I do know what I like when receiving a blow job so I basically try to emulate that. But I am finding it is not quite as simple as bobbing ones head up and down. I try to vary my actions. First letting the cock slide deep into my throat and back out. I do that several times in quick succession and then stop and use my tongue on just the tip. Then just half way down, then your full length again and occasionally stopping with your cock all the way down my throat. I do find it is important to keep it as lubricated as possible. There is a much nicer sensation when it is sliding with no friction.

After a period of time I can feel your hips start to have a bit of movement. I also hear a low moan from the couch. Your hands go back to the back of my head. Holding it firmly in place and then comes a deep thrust from your hips, pushing your cock deep into me again. I get several more strokes like this -- basically truly a face fucking -- and then you relax back into the couch and I continue at my own pace. A couple of times I remove your cock completely and lick up and down the entire shaft and then take it back into my mouth.

"Not bad for a first timer. You have real possibilities as a premier cocksucker but I do hope you know you have not yet achieved your goal of even being an apprentice cocksucker. That requires that you finish the job and you still have a little ways to go but I can tell you this. I typically have a pretty good amount of pre cum and I suspect you maybe getting a little taste of that very shortly. When you do I want you so slow down and work your tongue over my cum hole for a bit just to be sure you get it all."

And you were correct. Very shortly I get my first taste of your precum. I do exactly as instructed and move my tongue to the tip of your cock and lick every inch -- getting every drop. And trying to get more even though there was none forthcoming so I go back to my previous actions. I am feeling you pushing much more frequently and the grip on my head seems much tighter.

And finally the big event. Your grip on my head is almost painful and you have forced your cock deeper then it has been -- almost to the point that I am afraid I will not be able to handle it. But then I feel a swelling in your cock and can feel your cum starting to flow down my throat. You pull back just a little which allows me to breath and also to start using my tongue to catch the cum still spurting from your cock. I have no idea how long this was happening but I think I did a fairly good job of dealing with it. You pull your cock back even farther which then allows me to use my tongue with even more force. I try to get every drop and bathe your cock with my tongue so that once you pull it out completely it will completely clean of all cum. Cleaned with my tongue and mouth.

I do know how sensitive my cock is after I cum so I try and slow down my ministrations at this point but I do want to try and extend your pleasure so I do not stop -- only lessen the pressure and speed. I also realize I am now a cocksucker. I also realize I want to do it again. And that as you had said I am now truly a slut, your slut. As I think about this I also remember there is still a plug in my ass and start thinking about what it will feel like when you decide to replace that plug with a live cock. Your cock. But I know that will be another day and time. But it does give me something else to think about.