 It had been nearly a week since my last meeting with my teacher, Mr Davis. And when I say meeting I mean when I walked into his office, was blackmailed into pulling down my trousers and underwear, bending over a table and letting him masturbate and cum all over my ass. You know, the usual.

My experience with Mr Davis had opened my eyes to my sexual desires. Before I met him I had thought I was straight. I mean sure I watched gay porn, messaged guys on the internet and wildly jerked off to images of cock. But there's nothing gay about any of that right? But no, this experience had changed things. In the last week I had been masturbating like crazy. Any opportunity I got I would pull down my trousers and start jerking off to gay porn. The main difference now was when I watched the porn, I pictured myself in it, and Mr Davis was the one fucking me. I thought I felt humiliated by what he did to me but in my head I kept fantasising about what might happen in this week's meeting. I clearly wanted him to do it again but that went against everything I had previously thought about myself. Had Mr Davis made me gay?

All these thoughts were going through my head when I checked my university email to see that Mr Davis had emailed me. It was a simple email, he was a man of very little words. "Tomorrow's meeting: Meet me in Lecture Room 1 instead. 2pm still." Seeing the email made everything seem more real. Tomorrow, a meeting with Mr Davis, what would he do this time? What could be worse than cumming all over my exposed asshole. The thought made me very hard and I had an amazing wank, fantasising about what might happen.

Tomorrow came around and I slowly walked to the lecture room. There were huge butterflies in my stomach, I felt so incredibly nervous. Beyond the door of the lecture room, anything could happen. Mr Davis, a good looking older man, could do anything to me and I had no idea whether I would let him or not. This was a scary thought. I couldn't just let him walk over me like this. I decided I would tell him I'm not into this, that it had to end. Who cared that I sent him that email, if he tried to send it to blackmail me by sending it to anyone, I could just claim that someone else hacked into my email and sent it as a joke. I came to this point of resolution as I turned the handle of the lecture room door tentatively.

I opened the door to the large lecture hall, actually the largest the university had, this room could easily fit 700 plus people. It was like a theatre, with many levels of seating gradually getting higher. I stood at the top of the lecture room. I walked forward to see Mr Davis stood at the bottom of the hall, silhouetted against a bright projector screen. He shone with masculinity.

"Come down here." he asked loudly.

"Look sir, I'm not carrying on with this." I tried to say with as much confidence as I could.

"Yes you are." he replied calmly.

"That email, share it with whoever you want, I'll just say it was never me that sent it." I said back.

"I thought you might say that." he replied.

I looked down at him confused. From this far away I could just see him press down on clicker and the projected screen behind him suddenly changed. Now, projected on a huge 30ft foot screen, was a photo of me, bent over, pants down, with cum flowing over my ass hole. I couldn't believe it. I felt violated, vulnerable. He'd captured me in my worst moment of submission. This was a photo he must have taken at our last meeting. I felt so horrified, but yet again, my body betrayed me, I felt my erection grow as I stared at what was on the screen. Despite the betrayal, I couldn't help but notice how sexy my ass looked, it was round and small like a woman's ass. I looked so feminine. At the same time the fact I was covered in his cum also turned me on. It was like a stamp of ownership. His masculinity dominating my femininity.

"If you want to stare at it any longer I can get it printed for you?" Mr Davis joked but with a seriousness in his voice. I looked back down at him. Where he was standing obscured part of the photo being projected and cast a large shadow behind him. Projected onto his face should have been the carpet of his office. However the light shone a different image. It looked more like a flesh colour. Just above his body was the cum that was hitting my ass. That's when I realised... Mr Davis was standing where his cock was in the photo. The image of his cock was being projected onto his actual body. The huge pulsing veins of his penis trailed along his white shirt and black trousers. Overlaid over his head, his huge bulbous cock head. Wow! This was the most erotic image I had ever seen. Despite him obscuring his penis with his body, it looked amazing, thick, wide and powerful. I felt a growing need for it. To see it in the flesh.

"If you don't want this image getting out then I would recommend we carry on where we left off." he demanded. His voice was deep and assertive. It made me want to follow his commands.

"Okay." I replied and started walking down the stairs towards the front and bottom of the lecture hall, where he stood.

"No. Stop." He asked.

"Okay." I responded as I stopped walking down, halfway towards the bottom of the room.

"When I give you a command you say yes sir, understand?" he growled.

"Yes...sir." I submitted.

"Take your trousers off." he commanded.

I couldn't believe how quickly I immediately responded to his command by quickly taking my shoes off and pushing my trousers down to my feet. I stepped out of them. I now stood elevated before him, in just my shirt and my boxer shorts. From where he was standing he could no doubt see my throbbing erection, barely contained in my underwear.

"And your shirt." he demanded.

I hooked my fingers in the bottom part of my shirt and pulled it off, exposing my naked chest to my teacher. I kept relatively in shape but I was no gym freak, so my body was fairly average and not very hairy. This was the first time I had been this naked in front of another man. My cock strained against my pants as I threw my shirt into the chairs nearby.

"Good, now come to me." he said. 

I started walking down the aisle, now only in my underwear. My clothes left within the seats above me. My naked asshole still being projected across the huge screen. How had this happened?! I was letting it happen! I came closer and closer to him. This tall, brooding man, I started seeing him as sexy for the first time. They way his thick brown hair fell down his head, his muscles that popped against the white fabric of his shirt. His growing erection pushing against his trousers. He was a sight to behold. 

I kept walking until I was within a couple of metres of him. "Follow me." he asked. He started walking backwards towards a large lecture hall desk. Now that he'd moved I could see his huge penis projected on the screen more easily. It looked amazing, I never felt this attracted to a man before now. I kept walking and followed him to the desk.

As I get there he stopped behind the desk, facing the seats in the lecture hall. He motioned for me to stand infront of him. I stood between him and the desk. He looked down and stared at my erection.

"Enjoying yourself?" he asked as he brought his hand within inches of my erection. I moaned slightly as I was desperate for him to touch me, to give me some relief.

"Yes sir." I responded.

"Turn around and bend over the desk." He demanded.

I did as he asked and turned around and gently bent over the desk, a familiar position to me now.

"Reach back and take off your underwear." He asked.

I carried on doing exactly what he said. I reached my hands back, hooked my fingers in the waistband of my boxer shorts and pulled them down over my arse cheeks. Slowly revealing my hole to him once again. I let my pants drop down to the floor and stepped out of them. To my surprise he reached down, picked up my underwear and threw it across the room into the seating. He then briskly stood back up right behind me. I just had to stand there, bent over again, waiting for what he was going to do.

SMACK. He suddenly spanked my ass hard. I yelped and fell into the desk, my erection pushed the desk hard. Damn, that hurt but at the same time I got off from his dominance on me.

SMACK. He hit me even harder. My ass burned.

"Take it bitch." he said maliciously.

SMACK! I moaned loudly as he then continued to hit me three times in quick succession.

"Kneel." he said sternly. My ass still sore, I turned round and knelt down in front of him. Directly in front of my eyes was his crotch. A huge bulge was straining against his trousers. He looked down at me and we made eye contact. His deep brown eyes looked at me lustfully.

"Take off my trousers." he said. This was it. I was excited, I was actually excited. This felt very gay. I reached forward and undid the buttons of his trousers, slowly and methodically. I gripped the sides of his trousers and started pulling them down, I found resistance as I moved them over his massive bulge. I could see the outline of his cock in the flesh for the first time. It was absolutely huge. I quickly dropped the trousers down to his ankles. "Take off my shoes." He asked. I pulled off his shoes and socks and removed his trousers properly.

"Good...Now suck my cock!" He demanded. I couldn't believe it. I looked forward at his huge cock, pressing tightly against the fabric of his underwear.

"I don't think I can.." I started. He grabbed my head and turned it to look at the projector screen. I could see my asshole, cum covered, huge on the screen.

I turned back and stared at his fabric covered bulge. I gulped. This was it. I moved my hands up to his waistband and started trying to move his pants down. He suddenly grabbed my hands to stop me.

"Keep them on." He asked. I looked up at him confused. I went back to his cock. I moved my hands up and grabbed it for the first time. I was surprised by how solid it felt. I stroked my hand across his entire bulge and for a second I thought I heard him groan slightly. I felt his hand on the back of my head as he pushed me towards his groin. He did this until my head was touching his huge bulge.

"Do you want this cock?!" Mr Davis asked me.

"Yes sir. Yes I need it." I pleaded. 

"Suck it then." He asked. I moved my head so that my mouth was just a centimetre away from his cock, still pressed hard up against his underwear. I moved forward and pressed my lips against his bulge. I moaned as I could feel his hard cock in my mouth, only a small layer of fabric stopping this from being an actual blowjob.

I started moving my mouth up and down his bulge, licking it, sucking on the fabric. It felt so big and thick. I was so fucking aroused by this point. I wanted nothing more than to pull his pants down and just suck on his cock properly. But for whatever reason he wanted this first. I've got to admit, it was very erotic. Not quite blowing him but almost. I kept going, sometimes sucking on his bulbous head, sometimes going back and forth down the shaft. I moved down the shaft further till I got to his balls and tried to suck them as hard as I could. I could tell he loved this.

After doing this for several minutes I felt him suddenly grab my head with one hand. He brought his other hand forward and pushed my fingers to my mouth. He pressed them against my lips and started trying to push forward. I allowed him to and he thrust two fingers into my mouth. I caressed them with my tongue. I wasn't expecting to like this but it was actually kind of hot. He started grinding his fingers into me, moving his waist and groin as he did it. I just kept sucking them harder and harder.

"Close your eyes." Mr Davis asked me. I did as I was told and closed them. He continued thrusting his fingers back and forth, back and forth as he removed the hand holding my head. For a second he withdrew his fingers. I almost missed them in my mouth. I couldn't see what was going to happen next but it was amazing. I suddenly felt soft, silky flesh touching the edges of my mouth. Not quite inside my mouth but pressing against my open lips. I slowly moved my tongue forward to investigate and found a soft round head, I licked it gently and tasted the distinct flavour of the cum that I had tasted in the bathroom after our last meeting. I opened my eyes and saw his huge cock inserted in my mouth, his pants pulled down to his ankles. He looked so gorgeous, masculine and dominating with his dick in my mouth. He pulled it out again and rubbed it against my cheeks, back and forth.

Suddenly the sound of the lecture room door opening came from behind me. I instantly panicked, I was fucking terrified. I jumped downwards as Mr Davis calmly sat down on the chair and pressed a button on his laptop, minimising the picture of my cum coated asshole. I hid under the desk as I could hear the sound of hundreds of students walking into the lecture room. All I could do was stare forward at Mr Davis' huge naked cock as he welcomed everyone into the lecture room. I couldn't believe how calm he was, had he planned this?!

I was going to have to hide under this desk for atleast an hour. I just couldn't believe this was happening. Then I remembered, what about my clothes?! My trousers, shirt, underwear and shoes were scattered amongst the seating.

"Sir? There's a load of clothes on the floor over here?" A student called out to Mr Davis.

"Oh, that's weird, do you want to bring them up to the front?" Mr Davis responded. Thank god. At least I would soon have them.

"Actually...why don't you just take them straight to lost property?" Mr Davis asked the student. What the fuck?! Why would he have done that? Putting his cock in my mouth was humiliating enough but getting rid of my clothes was too far. 

Mr Davis then just started his lecture, as if nothing was wrong. As if he wasn't half naked with a fully naked student under his desk with the taste of his cum in his mouth. This guy was an expert at acting normal. I just had to sit there and listen to him talk about psychology as I stared at his dick. If the other students discovered me down here I'd be ruined forever. No one could survive something as embarrassing as that.

As he kept on talking he reached under the desk and grabbed my shoulders. He pulled me forward, his arms were so strong I just had to let him. I couldn't resist. He kept pulling me until my head was in his crotch. No! He wasn't actually going to-

He pushed his cock forward and it went straight into my mouth, further than it had before. I felt his hard shaft move against my tongue, his cock head reaching the back of my throat. It took a lot of effort not to moan loudly. He pulled his cock back out again and hit it gently against each side of my face. Even though I felt violated I realised I loved feeling of his manhood against me, his raw flesh touching my flesh. It turned me on so much. He returned his cock to my mouth and pushed it in. I lapped it up with my tongue. I discovered then that I loved blowjobs, I already did but now I knew I loved giving them. It felt even better than receiving. Making this big masculine man feel good with my mouth, it felt incredible. It was submissive and that turned me on extremely.

I couldn't believe he was able to carry on with his lecture with me sucking his cock like this. His voice never even quivered at all. He kept his composure amazingly. At the same time I couldn't believe that I was doing this, unbeknownst to the three hundred students sat above me. His hot fleshy cock just kept pistoning in and out of my mouth. His cock tasted amazing. Each time he pushed it in I could taste the slightest salty taste of his cum which I just craved.

As his cock thrust in and out of my mouth, I took a second to just think about what was happening. Barely a week ago I thought I was a straight guy. Yeah I had some curiosities, but I never thought I would act on them. Now I was secretly sucking my lecturers cock in public! I still thought I was straight but I now had to admit that I was letting this happen. And crucially, I was enjoying it. I was sucking his cock with abandon at this point. It just felt right. His big meaty pole thrusting in and out. His salty precum hitting the back of my throat. I loved his size, his taste and his smell. I could very easily get addicted to this.

I moved my hand up to grip his shaft. This was the first point I'd actually touched his dick, atleast not with my mouth. His huge cock felt much bigger than mine. It was soft to the touch but rock hard at the same time. I started moving my hand back and forth in time with my mouth. All the while he kept on just kept on talking to the class. I suddenly felt a change, his cock started throbbing violently.

Suddenly his cock exploded and cum shot hard into the back of my mouth. I heard his voice quiver slightly for the first time as his cock head throbbed and shot more and more cum. My mouth filled quickly with his salty cum so I pulled him out of my mouth. I tried to keep the cum in my mouth, unsure what to do with it. Meanwhile his cock just kept shooting cum. I felt it hit my forehead and my fringe. It started leaking down my face as he completely soaked me in his seed. I had to try really hard not to just scream.

Yet again, despite giving me a complete facial he just kept going with his lecture. I swallowed the cum in my mouth. God it tasted amazing. I felt a new connection to him as his seed ran down my throat. He had given me something, he had made me feel violated. It felt like he'd gained a form of ownership over me. He reached his hand down under the desk and pointed at his trousers. The dick wanted me to pull his trousers up for him. I submitted and picked them up from his feet, along with his pants, and pull them up to his semi erect cock. He shifted in his seat and pulled them over his ass.

He finally finished up his lecture and all the students started walking out. After the final student left, it was just me and him in the lecture hall again.

I looked up at him from under the desk. His cum still running down my face.

He ignored me and simply did up the buttons of his trousers. He didn't even look down at me.

"Are you not going to say anything?" I asked him.

"No." He responded in a very flat voice.

I felt so humiliated by this response. After everything I just did for him, he was going to give me nothing in return.

"Why did you let them take my clothes? How am I supposed to get out of here?" I pleaded.

For the first time since I blew him, he actually looked at me. He reached down and grabbed a bag before throwing it at me.

"There are clothes in there." he said before starting to walk away.

I looked down into the bag and saw a white mini skirt, pink t shirt and a white matching bra and panties. I looked back up at him, almost leaving the lecture hall.

"You can't be serious." I shouted after him.

He gently pushed open the lecture hall doors with his large hands. He looked back at me for a second and said four words.

"Same time next week."