 Dear readers, in my Werewolf tale, the 'Were' live openly among humans.

The primary character, Juliana Macon lived her entire life as a human, until suppressing her wolf, caused a negative impact on her emotionally. She began to accept her need for her wolf after deciding to live with other 'Were' in the community of Panola Mountain.

The dilemma she continues to face is her wolf's desire to be equal to her human side.

~

Andrew Rover Constantine is the quiet member of the group of Julie's friends who live in the City of Panola Mountain. 

So far you haven't heard much from him. 

Just like the others, he is in denial of his wolf's nature.

He has the love and support of his friends, but he's not very comfortable with the person or the wolf in the mirror.

In this chapter, sage ole Alex is trying to help him navigate through his journey to self acceptance.

~~~

"Hiya Rove," said Rex, sitting his tray of food on the table. "Mind if I join you?"

"Hi," said Rover, looking over the rim of his glasses.

"Sorry to interrupt you and your cell phone," said a smiling Rex. "Is this seat taken?"

"No of course not. Please sit down," said Rover to the strikingly good looking man. "I see why Alex tried for a whole week to get his attention," he thought.

"I'm Rex Dadogg, the new guy in the graphics department," he said offering his hand to Rover.

When Rover accepted his hand, he saw the ring Rex wore on his right hand. It had the same symbols; blue and purple triangles, that supposedly meant he's Bi. "I wonder," thought Rover.

~

Over the next twenty minutes or so the two men exchanged basic information about each other, beyond name, rank, and serial number. 

The same scene played out over the next two days. By Wednesday Rover was sure their lunchtime meet-ups weren't a coincidence, Rex was interested in him. 

~

Rex was a member of a pack; the famous Vikings of Minnesota. He lived in the city, but returned to his pack to shift about once a month. He dated human and 'Were', but not seriously.

He joked that he and his wolf were metro-sexual, and all of his friends were cool with that.

Rex always smiled easily and maintained eye contact as they talked. 

"He's not an Alpha, maybe he's not even a Beta, but I feel some type of dominance coming from him," thought Rover.

~~~

Wednesday afternoon:

A bubbly Alex walked up beside Rover as he walked along the long corridor toward the data center, where he worked alongside the network administrator.

Alex was one of the trusted people who knew that he and his wolf secretly liked cock. 

But Alex was the only one of them who'd ever seen his wolf.

~ 

Everyone else figured he was the typical computer nerd who preferred computers over women. 

The fact is he loved women a lot, he just happened to be a loner.

~

"So, I see Mr. Dadogg likes you," said Alex teasing. "He certainly wasn't interested in me; I fanned my scent under his nose for a week. He never even looked at me." She laughed.

"I want all the deets if he hits on you," she said, then headed to her office in H R. "I will look at his bio, and let you know if I see any red flags.

"Thanks Alex, you're the best," said Rover, giving her a quick peck on her lips.

~~~

Rover had to admit that he was a bit disappointed when he didn't see Rex the rest of the week. 

Alex had peeked at Rex's file, and found that he was on loan to the design team from the company's Minneapolis branch. "You have another week to allow him to seduce you," she said, laughing. "We girls do it all the time."

"Thank you, Alex. I appreciate the info," said Rover. "And thanks for the advice."

~~~

Friday afternoon shortly before quitting time, there was a knock on Rovers partially open office door. "Yes, it's open," he said . "Give me just one second." Holding up his index finger to illustrate the point.

"No worries," said the voice he instantly recognized as Rex's.

'Hey you," said Rover, responding in a more feminine manner than he normally does. Then he smiled at Rover. 

Rover smiled back at him and then said, "I thought I'd surprise you, by stopping in and inviting you to have a beverage, and a bite to eat with a few of the people from the graphics department. 

"They've tried to keep me entertained since I've been in town. If they see I've made a friend maybe I can get away from them this weekend." Then he laughed.

"Sure that would be great," said Rover, bearly maintaining his composure. "Where're ya meeting them?"

"It's a sports bar, 'Jock Straps' I think is the name."

"Yeah, I know where it is," responded Rover.

It had been quite a while since Rover had hung out with a guy. In fact he hadn't hangout with anyone in a long time, unless you consider chatting online with a couple of regulars in an online chat room hanging out. 

So Rover smiled and said, "Save me a seat."

Rex looked at him for a few seconds, then smiled, and said, "I will see you in a little while."

After Rex had gone, Rover was processing his response to seeing Rex a few minutes ago. He had been caught off guard, when he showed up at the door. His femme side had come to the surface before he realized it.

Rover was certainly no Omega, but he had accepted that he is sexually aroused by more dominant wolves, whether they were male or female. They always brought out his femme side, and his natural instinct was to please them.

If Rover were honest, he'd have to admit that he wanted Rex to have is way with him.

~~~

At 'Jock Straps' in the early evening:

The six member graphics department was crammed in one booth. The boss was sitting at the open end of the booth, in a chair borrowed from a nearby table.

There were plenty televisions in the bar, as well as a good sized Friday night crowd. Rover was thrilled to see at least one TV was showing a bicycle race. He made a mental note if that.

The food was good, especially for a quasi restaurant. Once a huge amount of meat was consumed by the wolves in the group, there boss paid for everyone's dinner except for Rovers. Rex insisted on paying saying, "I'm the one who invited you," looking at Rover, and smiling."

The party broke up about an hour later. Everyone wished Rex a good weekend, and said feel free to contact one of them if he needed any assistance with anything.

After they'd gone outside Rex looked at Rover and said, "I guess it's just you and me."

"Yep, you me and the game, "said Rover, his eyes glued to the Big City baseball game.

"Does that mean I should shut-up and let you watch the game?" Rex asked, now sounding less upbeat.

Suddenly Rex was less confident about Rover. Had he read him wrong, his scent said he was somewhat submissive. His demeanor when Rex had dropped by his office definitely pinged, now he couldn't be sure.

He didn't want to insult, or piss him off, and the absolute last thing he wanted to do was embarrass himself.

~

Rover's eyes were focused on the TV screen, but his heart was pounding. This was always the time and place where men he'd liked, punked out. 

He knew it might look like he was being a tease, but he wasn't. If Rex was aggressive enough and persistent enough, Rover and his wolf would worship Rex's and his wolf's cock.

~

Rex decided he had read him right; it was just a matter of breaking the code. Besides, his nose is never wrong, he was sure he'd smelled submission on Rover. So he sat on the bar-stool next to him and watched the rest of the game. 

Over the next half hour Rex noticed Rover's scent change along with his demeanor as they talked about the game. "Too bad a couple of our guys don't play as good as they look," said Rover, with a flirty tone.

Rex grinned and bumped Rover's forearm with his forearm, and then said, "Is that why you watch the game?"

Rover smirked playfully, and then said, "Chicks dig the long ball"

"Now he's talking about chicks," thought Rex. "Maybe he's Bi."

Both men sat quietly as the final out of the game was recorded. Big City had lost another game. "It's gonna be another long year," said Rover as he waited for Rex to pay their tab.

When they walked out to their cars, Rover invited Rex to meet him in the nature preserve Saturday morning.

Rex jumped at the invitation.

~~~

Saturday morning at the bike path trailhead: 

When Rex drove into the parking area; Rover was standing astride his bike while Alex, Julie, and Lacy were stretching. 

Fifi and Spike were in their wolf. 

Rex walked over to the group, and Rover introduced him to everyone. Julie frowned at Alex for a second and then said, "Isn't that the guy you were chasing?" Speaking through their bond.

Alex responded through their bond saying, "He likes boys."

Rover pointed to the field-house and said, "There's lockers in there for your stuff, and you'll have to shift in there."

A few moments later Rex's medium sized honey colored wolf lopped from the field-house onto the bike trail. Fifi barked, then ran into the woods followed by Spike and Rex. Lacy, Julie, and Alex started their run. Rover started his bike ride.

The outing was routine for everyone, they all made it back to the trailhead within a few minutes of each other after covering a little over ten miles.

When they were all back together, Rover said his goodbyes and waited for Rex to shift and get dressed.

~

Rover's wolf had scented Rex's wolf for his essence, and smelled nothing at all. The only fragrance about him was his expensive cologne. 

There wasn't any hint of a haze inducing scent, but he's a top. Rover's wolf was sure of that, so he said to Rover, "I'd like to me his wolf, would you please spend more time with Rex?"

When Rex came out of the field-house, Rover was leaning on his bike people watching. He sensed Rex was behind him, then turned around and said, "Rex, Um I'm going to the baseball game tonight, would you like to go too?"

Rex's cock felt a bolt of electricity surge through it, and then he said, "Um, sure. That'd be great."

"K," said Rover. Meet me at my place around 6 pm. Lemme text you my address, I live near here."

Then the two men went their separate ways for the rest of the afternoon.

~~~

As Rex drove back to his hotel he was getting a clearer image of Rover now. While he was in his wolf, his senses were heightened even more than when he is in his human form. His wolf had sensed that the scent of true submission was coming from Rover's wolf. He would find out tonight one way or the other.

~

When Rex drove up in front of Rover's building exactly at 6 pm, it was pouring rain. He texted Rover to let him know he was outside and he would wait until the rain letup before getting out of the car.

A minute later Rover was walking toward Rex with the biggest umbrella he had ever seen. When Rover was standing beside his door, he got out, and they both walked toward the building. 

Rex was laughing when he said, "Dude where in the hell did you get that thing? It's huge."

"I got it from an umbrella store, of course," laughed Rover. 

Once they were inside, Rover looked into Rex's eyes and joked, "Come in from the rain." "Grab a seat while I check the weather report at the stadium to see if there will be a game tonight."

~

A moment later, a chirp on his cell phone was for a message from the Big City Baseball App. "For now the game is still scheduled to be played, but the start time is delayed," read Rover. "Welp, Looks like we have some time to kill." Then he Walked over to join Rex on the couch.

"Is there anything you'd like to watch on TV?"

"No," said Rex, taking the remote from Rover's hand, and placing it on the table. "I wanted to talk with you."

Rover looked into Rex's eyes, but he couldn't speak. He looked inside for his wolf. His wolf was standing there, feeling mixed emotions running through him, fear, arousal, longing, desire, and on and on.

"I know what you want," said Rex, staring into Rover's eyes.

After a few seconds, Rover had to look away, and lower his eyes.

Rex ran his fingertips along Rover's cheek, before sliding his hand down to his neck, and massaging it.

That felt so good to Rover, his cock began to harden, and it was becoming harder to breathe, and he couldn't move or speak.

Feeling no resistance from Rover, Rex leaned in to kiss him on his lips. He pressed their lips together, but Rover didn't respond. Rex's mouth became more insistent; his tongue pushed between Rover's lips and licked his teeth. 

Rex kissed and sucked his lips, he pressed his body against Rover until he was lying back on the couch. When he put his arms around him, the code was broken. His mouth opened and pulled Rex's tongue inside.

And it was on. Rover pulled Rex to him, and attacked his mouth with his tongue. The men's tongues dueled with each other. Sometimes the battle was waged in Rex's mouth, and then the fight moved into Rover's.

Rex and his wolf could smell Rover's desire, now they knew for sure that he was a bottom. The only question was; is Rover and his wolf of the same mind?

When Rover started to pull at Rex's shirt, Rex grabbed both his hands and said, "Baby, what do you want to do?" When he just looked at him submissively, Rex said, "Do you want to suck my dick?" Again Rover didn't answer.

Rex stood up and pulled his pants and bikini briefs down, keeping one leg in his pants. He put one knee on the couch, and put his other leg over Rover. His cock was lined up with Rover's mouth. He balanced himself by putting one hand on the back of the couch, and held his cock in his other hand.

Rover looked at his cock, and then looked up at him. Rex guided the head of his cock to Rover's lips, and his tongue came out to lick the head. Rex moved slightly forward, and the head went between Rover's lips, the tip was in his mouth. "Suck my dick," growled Rex.

Rover did what he was told, and began bobbing his head, causing Rex's cock to slide in and out of his mouth.

Rover's longtime fantasy came to life. "With Rex towering over him, he felt helpless, and unable to resist. He had to do what he was told. He had no choice but to suck Rex's cock. He was being taken. He wasn't responsible for anything that was happening." 

Rover began to suck Rex's cock with abandon. He slurped, and sucked and licked, like it was his first meal in forever, or it was is last meal in forever.

When Rex felt like he was getting too close, he pulled his cock out of Rover's mouth, and put his nuts on his lips. Rover went after them just as passionately as he had sucked his cock. He licked as much taint as he could from that angle, until Rex was ready to have his cock sucked some more. 

When he stuck it back in Rover's mouth, a big 

wad of pre cum plopped out. He eagerly swallowed. Rex pumped his dick with his hands a couple of times while Rover sucked. More pre cum flowed out.

I'm ready to cum said Rex, in a strained voice. When Rover heard that, he leaned forward and grabbed Rex's cock. He started pumping the shaft as fast as a humming bird's wings flap, while also sucking on the head. Soon Rex arched his back, pointed his face toward the ceiling, and shot his load into Rover's mouth.

When Rex was spent, he flopped back onto the couch panting.

Rover sat still, while using his tongue to sweep his mouth and collect any cum that was still there, before he swallowed again.

~~~

After both men are put themselves back together, they didn't speak of what they'd just done. Rex was sitting on the couch watching the muted TV.

Rover called to him from the kitchen, offering him his choice of beverages. Rex chose a glass of fruit juice over ice. Just then, Rover's phone chirped. "The game is going to start about 8:30 pm" said Rover. "I'm not so sure I want to go sit in a wet Stadium until midnight, unless you really want to go."

Rex was now laying back on the couch, and in a mellow mood. He'd just gotten his first nut that he didn't get alone, in the month he'd been in Panola Mountain. "Whatever you want to do is cool with me," he said.

"How about we order a pizza, and open a bottle of wine. We can watch the game right here," said Rover. "Kick off your shoes and make yourself comfortable. I'll call for the pizza."

~

A couple of hours later there was leftover pizza and an empty wine bottle. The Big City baseball team had made Rover glad he'd decided to stay home. 

The two men had lost interest in the game long before it ended. "At least we didn't drive fifty miles to sit in a wet, chilly stadium to watch them get smoked ten to zero," said Rover, shaking his head.

"Right," said Rex. "But his mind was on something else. Considering what had happened between them earlier it was easier now to say what he was thinking. "Rove, don't you want to cum too?" he blurted out, completely changing the subject.

The randomness of Rex's question made Rover's head jerk, and then he said, "What, Um I mean no. I'm good."

Rex looked at him, somewhat startled. "Don't you like to cum?" he asked staring intently.

Rover laughed a little, and then said, "To be honest, I only like for women to do me."

"Alright," said Rex. "But me and my wolf still scent submission and desire coming from you, and there's no woman around."

"Oh," said Rover, his eyes looking away from Rex and his head slightly lowered. "That's my wolf you're sensing."

Rex cocked his head to the side; his face momentarily twisted in confusion, and then said, "Are you saying your wolf is more into men than you are?"

"Yep, that's what I'm saying. How about your wolf, is he into the same things you are?" asked Rover, hopefully.

Rex, chuckled softly and then said, "Yeah, he's a top. Is your wolf a bottom?"

When he heard what Rex said, Rover's wolf stood up, started barking, and wagging his tail. Rover raised his head and looked into Rex's eyes again.

Without saying a word, Rex began to undress, while staring at Rover. A moment later Rover began to take his clothes off. When both men were naked and their cocks were hard, Rover said, "Hold that thought, be back in a sec." 

He was back in about thirty seconds with a big tube of lube. Let me shift first, and you lube us both up before you shift."

Rex took the lube, and then said, "OK."

A few seconds later, a feminine looking, slender white wolf with a blonde mane was standing near Rex. 

As Rover had asked him to do, Rex squirted globs of lube onto his fingers and coated Rover's wolf's ass. 

Then he pushed a good amount into his asshole first with one finger, then adding a second, and finally getting three fingers inside.

Rex then lubed up his own cock before he shifted. 

Then both wolves were standing in Rover's living room.

Rover's wolf began to sniff Rex's wolf's cock. The red tip was sticking out slightly from its sheath. 

Then he licked the tip. Rex's wolf whimpered, and then started panting, before attempting to mount Rover's wolf. 

Rovers wolf began to turn in a circle to keep Rex's wolf from mounting him. 

Then Rex's wolf stopped jumping on him, and he stopped turning. 

They stood motionless for a second, and then in a lightning quick move, Rex's wolf grabbed Rover's wolf's neck, and sank his k-nines into it.

Rover's wolf's submissive instinct kicked in, and he went down in front leaving his ass in the air. Rex's wolf mounted him and lined his cock up with his wolf's asshole. 

It took a few moments of humping, before Rex's wolf's cock could penetrate Rover's wolf's asshole, far enough to trigger his natural instinct to drive his cock home, and seat it in the hole he was fucking. 

When he began to piston his cock into Rover's wolf's tight asshole, Rover's wolf began to yelp and whimper. Rex's wolf was pumping his cock at warp speed. 

Fortunately for Rover's wolf, Rex's wolf didn't get his cock in to the hilt before his knot ballooned up. After less than a minute of torrid fucking, his cock plopped out.
