 Jack Barker watched his girlfriend's son go into the garage, and after making sure that his soon-to-be wife was in the bathroom, went out the back door and toward the garage. Jack had just moved into the modest old farmhouse a couple of days ago, although he had spent a lot of time there in the year he had been courting Alice Randolph.

Jack liked Alice Randolph a lot, but he also had another interest with the same last name, first name Patrick, and he had a sneaking suspicion that the skinny little lad had more than a little interest in him too.

Alice didn't know that her son was gay, much to Jack's surprise, since it seemed obvious to Jack that Patrick was. Maybe it was because Jack had a lifetime of experience in that regard, but right away he sensed that the shy little nerd wasn't playing Dungeons and Dragons behind his locked bedroom door when his friend Matthew used to visit.

So cute, Jack sighed as he looked through the window of the garage at Patrick, who was oblivious to him being eyeballed. The lad looked a lot like his mother in many ways; dirty blonde hair and a skinny body that probably didn't have more than 130 pounds on his 5'7" frame, but then again his real father was not exactly a macho man either.

"You're so unlike Henry," Alice had said back when he first started having sex with the woman he was going to marry next month. "I can't believe how different it is with you."

The petite 47 year old woman had said that after about 5 minutes of trying to catch her breath after Jack Barker had nearly put the little lady through the headboard, becoming only the second man she had even been that intimate with, or so she had claimed, and Jack had no reason to doubt her, given her obvious inexperience and shock after seeing him naked.

Her son had seen him naked, or at least that was what Jack thought, having noticed the shadow of feet outside the bedroom and bathroom doors. That was how Jack found out that you could actually see a little bit through the crack in the old bathroom barrier. 

Jack had taken advantage of that himself, having taken a peek after the shower had gone off one day. Jack had been curious, because while little Patrick was a man as far as age goes, he had a boyish quality about him, but the limited glimpse he had gotten of the lad drying off was all he needed to be able to put his guilt aside.

Cute bottom, Jack mused as Patrick bent over and fiddled with his bike chain, and cute everywhere else. Not much muscle, but no fat and no scars or tattoos, and very little hair on that lithe frame that had gotten Jack's attention from the start, and as he closed the door behind himself and walked quietly toward the lad, young Patrick hadn't even noticed him enter.

"Bike trouble?" Jack asked, and Patrick almost jumped out of his skin when he heard the voice behind him, prompting the older man to apologize. "Oh. Sorry. Thought you heard me enter."

"No, it's okay," Patrick replied, his face flushed from bending over. "The chain slipped a couple of days ago and I'm just checking it."

"If you want, I'd be happy to give you a ride somewhere," Jack offered, putting his hand on Patrick's back as the lad knelt back down.

"No, thanks anyway, Mr. Barker. I was just going to go out for a ride."

"Now, I thought we discussed the Mr. Barker stuff," Jack said, moving his hand up and kneading the lad's shoulder gently, a shoulder that was no more muscular than his mother's. "I'm going to be your step-father pretty soon, and while I don't expect you to call me Dad, the least you can do is call me Jack."

"Sorry - Jack," Patrick said with a smile. "I keep forgetting."

"That's okay," Jack said, looking down at the lad, the sun coming in from the window shining on him, making the dusting of golden hairs on the boy's calves sparkle. "I know it's tough on you with me moving in, and I appreciate you being so good about it. With you going off to college soon, at least you won't have to put up with me all that much."

"No, you're a neat guy," Patrick replied. "Mom's crazy about you, and I like it when she's happy."

"That's great. She did a nice job of raising you," Jack said. "The way she keeps making that honey-do list though - I get tired just looking at it."

"Yeah. Nothing has been done around here since Dad left," Patrick said as he stood up. "I'm not much good at fixing things."

"I'm pretty handy," Jack said as he looked down at the lad who was about a head shorter than him, his hands still on his shoulder. "One thing your Mom wanted me to do is replace the bathroom door, or at least fix it. Did you know that you can see through that vertical crack to the right side?"

"Really?" Patrick said, and Jack saw the barely visible Adam's Apple bob in the lad's throat.

"Yeah, you can see pretty good through there too," Jack said, giving the bony shoulder a little squeeze. "Smart kid like you, I figure would have noticed that. Heck, I used to try and peek in on my Mom, and she wasn't nearly as pretty as yours is. It's only natural. You sure you never peeked in there?"

"Uh - maybe once or twice," Patrick said, and Jack saw his hand shaking on the handlebar.

"Thought so," Jack said, and with his free hand took the bike away from them and leaned it against the side of the garage. "Funny thing was that I thought I noticed somebody outside the bathroom door after I got out of the showers a couple of times. You can see the shadows at the gap between the door and the floor, did you know that?"

"No," Patrick said in a voice that sounded like it was still changing.

"You have anything to say for yourself, Patrick?" Jack asked as both of his hands went up to Patrick's shoulders.

"Sorry?" Patrick said/asked in response, and the older man could feel the lad's body shaking.

"No need to be," Jack said as he let his left hand slide down from Patrick's shoulder and move down the scrawny chest with the logo of some video game on the t-shirt. "In fact, after I noticed that crack in the door, I looked through it myself, and you know what?"

"What?" Patrick croaked as his future stepfather's hand reached the top of his baggy shorts and slid underneath the waistband.

"I liked what I saw," Jack hissed into Patrick's ear as his fingers raked through the little nest of pubic hair and grabbed the slender tube that hung below it. "I liked it a lot."

"Omigod," Patrick moaned, falling back into his mother's boyfriend as the older man pulled on his dick, stretching the flaccid organ as far as he could while his other hand coaxed his lad's shorts and underwear down. "My mom..."

"She's in the shower," Jack whispered, giving the boy's ear a nibble as he looked down at the cock he was pulling on, a very modest endowment that was growing rapidly and very noticeably under his urging. "Just relax."

"Figured you for a grower," Jack sighed as the slender pale tube went from a wrinkled spout to an arching prong, the length even more impressive as it was attached to such a little fellow. "Look at your cock - that's nice."

"Gonna cum if you don't..."

"Want you to cum," Jack said as he wrapped his entire fist around Patrick's cock and started jerking him hard. "Just tell me - when you looked at me through the door - did you like what you saw?"

"Yes... omigod yes," Patrick moaned, almost going limp in Jack's arms as his orgasm charged through his loins, sending ropes of cum all over the wall of the garage, and the older man didn't stop jacking even after Patrick had stopped cumming.

"Oh, you cum so good," Jack sighed, continuing to pull hard on the dick even after it went limp, milking every drop oout of the deflated organ while stretching it to the limit before finally letting go, and then brought his hand up to his mouth before adding. "Tastes good too. Made quite a mess though."

The wall of the garage had strings of cum on it, and even Patrick's bike had some hanging on the spokes of the tire.

"Maybe we could get better acquainted sometime," Jack suggested. "I could come visit your room..."

"No - it's too close to Mom's - I mean your room," Patrick said as he pulled up his shorts. "I can hear everything sometimes."

"Why do you still come down and stand at the door if you can hear so well?" Jack said with a smile.

"So I can hear better," Patrick answered sheepishly with a red face, probably from a combination of embarrassment and exertion. "Sounded like you were killing her in the beginning."

"You must have heard noises back when your Dad was here," Jack said.

"Not like that," Patrick snorted.

"So where can we get together?" Jack asked.

"The cellar maybe?" Patrick suggested. "Or if it's nice out, maybe we could go out back?"

"I'm open minded," Jack admitted.

"Maybe some night when Mom is tired or something..."

"That doesn't make any difference," Jack said. "She can only last one round, so after she drops off - unless you would feel creepy about me smelling like her mouth or her - you know."

"No," Patrick said. "Actually, that would be kinda hot. I love my Mom."

"Better yet, maybe the three of us could get together," Jack said with a chuckle.

"That would be awesome."

"I was kidding."

"I know, and Mom is too square for that anyway," Patrick admitted. "Matthew - now his Mom is - never mind."

"Really?" Jack retorted. "Interesting. Haven't seen him around lately."

"We had a fight a couple months ago," Patrick confessed.

"Too bad. So you guys - well - I was just curious. You've done things," Jack asked, and then asked, "You like anal?"

"Yeah."

"Me too, but your Mom, she's kinda scared - she won't..."

"Can't blame her," Patrick snorted, looking down at Jack's crotch.

"Hey, what you saw through the crack, that's pretty much it. I don't grow like you do."

"That's good," Patrick said with a grin. "Matthew - he's not built like you."

"Don't worry," Jack said. "I'll be gentle."

"I didn't say that," Patrick said, pawing at the ground.

"I'm so glad I came out here," Jack said. "I think we're going to get along together great."

"Me too," Patrick replied, and as he reached down between his future stepfather's legs he added, "Can I suck you off? - Oh shit!"

The sound of the screen door of the house had them both scurrying about, and Jack went out to intercept Alice while her son cleaned the cum off the wall.

"Tonight?" Patrick had asked before Jack left the garage, and Jack had nodded before closing the door behind himself.



******



Jack Barker waited for Alice's breathing to reflect the fact that she had in fact fallen asleep. Her sleeping pill, along with the nightly sex, had the little lady in dreamland pretty quickly, and before Jack slipped out of the bed he looked at his future wife.

Naked, with her nightgown still where it landed on the floor after Jack had removed it, the petite blonde looked like a waif, and not for the first time did Jack look at Alice and wonder, did Alice turn him on because she looked so much like her son, or was it the other way around.

On her back, Alice's diminutive breasts practically disappeared, and her aureoles and nipples were not much larger than her son's. Jack had always been interested in boyish females, the androgynous look always proving to be exciting to him.

More than once, Jack had fucked Alice while imagining that it was Patrick on the receiving end, stretching her arms up to the headboards so her tits flattened out and pretending that the little blonde was Patrick.

Jack's eyes went down, past Alice's exposed rib cage and flat stomach, down to the little wisp of hair that guarded her sex. After they had gotten intimate, Jack had told Alice that she didn't need to bother to shave down there but she said that she didn't.

"Just never got hairy like the other girls," Alice had explained, and that was a trait that she passed down to her son, because Patrick was much the same way.

The tiny tuft of hair over Patrick's dick, the sprinkling of golden down on the insides of his calves, and the almost invisible sparse wisps of hair under his arms was all that Jack had seen. It turned him on, maybe because he was a hairy guy and opposites really do attract. Whatever the reason, Jack thought as he rolled out of bed with a minimum of movement, there was somebody he wanted to see. Someone that was hopefully waiting for him, so Jack found his boxer shorts, slipped them on and tiptoed out of the bedroom.



******



Jack closed the door without making a sound, and when he turned around, expecting to have to figure out whether Patrick was in his room or not, he got his answer. Patrick was down at the other end of the hall, where the stairs went downstairs, and he was naked.

What a beautiful boy - man - Jack corrected himself as he walked slowly down toward the lad, who stood bare and unashamed of his nudity. He looked so innocent that Jack almost felt guilty until he remembered how Patrick had been out in the garage, and how long that tiny dick became in his fist.

"I fixed a place downstairs for us - is that okay?" Patrick asked, and after Jack nodded the boy reached up and put his arms around him, kissing his neck while rubbing his body into Jack.

"Wanted to do this since I met you," Patrick mumbled into Jack's collarbone, his hands rubbing all over his future stepfather's hairy back, and as they embraced Jack felt Patrick's erection against his thigh.

"Maybe we should get downstairs," Jack sighed.

"Sorry. I'm excited," Patrick said before going down the stairs, his dimpled butt leading the way, and when they got downstairs the lad brought Jack into a little room next to the furnace, a room that had held junk before.

"Fixed it up a little bit," Patrick said with a shrug of the shoulders, and not only was Jack pleased to see that his future stepson had taken care of one of the things on his Mom's list by cleaning it up, but the cot on the floor and the candles around it looked almost romantic in a way.

"It's nice," Jack agreed as he looked at the innocent looking young fellow, the boyish body with the long slender prong sticking straight out, over 6" of rock hard flesh swaying and waiting, but when Jack came over to him Patrick stopped him.

"Mr. - I mean Jack," Patrick corrected as Jack's hand came up to his arms. "Can you do me a favor?"

"Sure."

"You can do anything you want to me - with me. I mean that. Anything at all," Patrick said. "But tonight, at least at first. I mean, ever since I laid eyes on you I've fantasized about they way it would be if I ever ended up with you. You have no idea how many times I've - well - you probably can guess what I do. Sounds stupid, huh?"

"No, I think it's sweet," Jack replied.

"Well, can I just do what I fantasized about right now?" Patrick asked timidly. "After that..."

"I'm yours," Jack said, lowering his hands from Patrick's reed-thin arms and taking a step back. "What would you like me to do?"

"Nothing," Patrick said, and in the candlelight it looked like his eyes were watering up a bit. "Stay just like that. You're amazing."

Jack looked down at the young man, whose chest was heaving like he had run a marathon, and the look in young Patrick's eyes was one of wonder. Timidly, his hands went up to Jack's chest, and as he raked his fingers through the thick silver and chest mat that covered his burly chest, the lads eyes rolled back a bit in head.

"Ooh," Patrick sighed as his fingers dug into the meaty man-boobs, his palms feeling his Mom's boyfriend's nipples swell, and after a tentative look up at the older man, moved his face down onto Jack's left nipple.

Nibbling at first, Patrick's lips soon were sucking hard on the plump bud while his fingers tweaked the other nipple hard. The sounds the young man made would have been comical if it wasn't for the fact that it was so erotic to the older man to have a young fellow so infatuated with him.

Jack had savored many twinks like Patrick, young and eager to please, but Patrick was different. He was almost rabid as he went from side to side, suckling on Jack's teats while grinding his erection against his future stepfather's hairy thigh. 

"Oh Patrick, that's so good," Jack sighed as he reached up and ran his hand through the young lad's shaggy blonde hair while pressing him close to his chest.

"Wanna eat you up," Patrick groaned, starting to bite the tender bud gently, and then after looking up at his mentor, moved his head over and buried his face under Jack's upraised arm, chewing and licking the steamy jungle of hair that filled the hollow of his armpit.

Jack groaned as Patrick leaned into him, the lad's hand sliding down the older man's body until he reached the bulge that ran down the inside of the boxers, a bulge that was hard and trapped in the fabric, nearly coming out the leg of the garment.

After Patrick's hand reached the end of the bulge, he let out a cry and dropped to his knees in from of Jack, gasping for air as his hand ran over the bulge a couple of times before he reached up and grabbed the elastic and pulled it slowly down.

Jack looked down at his girlfriend's son, running his hand through the lad's hair as Patrick slowly tugged the boxers down and although he looked wild-eyes and frantic, the way he coaxed the shorts down was like he was teasing himself.

Patrick stopped after exposing the stump of the older man's cock, leaning forward and licking the bottom of the shaft before pulling the shorts down a bit more. Now the bottom half of Jack's cock was exposed, with the rest still pinned inside the boxers, and Patrick let his tongue slide up and down the fat vein that meandered down the center of the bronze tube.

"Omigod," Patrick sobbed as he coaxed the elastic down a bit further, finally exposing the ridge of the head hidden under the foreskin. "You're so huge - and I can taste Mom's cunt too."

"You're such a tease," Jack muttered, looking down next to the cot and the other things the lad had brought down to this secret lair.

The bottle of water looked refreshing, and the dew-covered bottle of Sam Adams looked better, but what Jack was most tempted to reach down and grab was the large tube of Anal-glide. It was getting harder and harder to not do just that as Patrick kept teasing both of them.

Finally, Patrick eased the elastic over the tip of Jack's swollen manhood, and as the monolith was freed it arched up slowly, barely missing Patrick's face at it did.

"Oh man," Patrick said as his hands yanked down the boxers before reaching up to grab Jack's cock, his pale fingers not able to quite get around the thickness while only covering half of the huge organ, and then he leaned forward to run his tongue over the edge of the dusky foreskin that had slid up about halfway over the purplish knob.

"You sure about wanting that up your ass?" Jack asked. "Because once I start..."

"Been dreaming about you sticking this monster cock in me," Patrick said in between licking Jack's cock. "Want it so bad. Let me suck all Mom's juices off it first."

Patrick stretched his mouth wide and let his lips run down the glans and a ways down the shaft before going back to the tip. Again and again Patrick forced the meaty organ into his mouth, looking up at his mentor for approval, which Jack gave with a nod.

Patrick took the cock out of his mouth and took a deep breath before raising the rod upright so he could lick and suck the hairy sac below, which was just as over-sized as the penis was. That didn't stop Patrick from taking each orb into his mouth and sucking hard though, letting each fat nut pop loud loudly upon release.

"Oh - that's good," Jack hissed as he looked down and so the pearl of pre-cum which had oozed out of the opening of his cock. "Gotta have you."

Jack pulled his future stepson out from between his legs and put him on all fours. His cock was swollen, throbbing and drooling, but the sight of the lad's pale bottom sticking up in the ass gave him another idea so he put his hands of the firm little butt cheeks and pulled them apart.
