 He waited on the pier for thirty minutes, and she still didn't arrive. Nick stayed by himself as he leaned against the railing, hoping for his girlfriend to give him a good reason why she was late. He kept his smartphone in his hand in anticipation of her giving him either a call or a text message. The eighteen-year-old man truly wanted to spend the entire Saturday with Beverly. The weather in the city of San Clemente was close to perfect. The cool spring temperatures, coupled with the gentle breeze from the Pacific perimeters, had been considered customary for anyone desiring an undisruptive time on the beach.

From where he stood on the San Clemente pier, Nick looked on to see the ocean waves imprinting its cold deposits onto the sand. Beachgoers of all ages used the weekend to their own advantage by enjoying themselves on the coast. Men and women rested comfortably on their chairs and towels while their children relied on their wild imagination to construct various shapes and structures with sand. Nick checked the time on his smartphone. Beverly was now forty minutes late. He brushed away strands of his soft and smooth brown hair away from his face while he began to dial her personal number. He immediately received a new text message. He looked to see that it was Beverly's. He opened it and read it.

Nick had already chosen this Saturday to spend time with the one girl he truly loved. And when he read her message, he wished that his expectations didn't stay so high. She had just announced that she had to go somewhere with family members, leaving him to stay on the beach alone for the remainder of the day. Nick sighed as he replied to her. He sent her a message saying that he hoped they would meet again tomorrow.

He put his smartphone away and remained silent. He took a long walk around the pier, which stood thirty feet high and about a quarter of a mile long. The ocean breeze eased his disappointment with sudden change. He knew that he would see Beverly some other time. It would be quite perplexing if she had just stopped seeing him altogether. The two of them had been worthy acquaintances since the start of the new school year. He could see why she felt so fascinated by him. His handsome appearance would mesmerize any girl at his age. He may have not been the manliest student at school, but his slim physique and his brown hair that already reached his shoulders would seem to be enough to attract someone like Beverly.

To say nothing of those who sometimes mistook him for a female, since his facial features and his medium-length hair had been a challenge for some people. Admittedly, some students couldn't fathom their first impressions of him. Some had teased him for even trying to look like a teenage girl and some even questioned his sexual preferences right in front of the public. But it didn't matter to Nick. He felt proud of how he looked, and he felt certain that Beverly held the same positive opinions.

He reached the far end of the pier, and from there, he received a clear view of the far horizon. Sea gulls soared high in the air, while a few patches of clouds had uncovered their perfect habitat in the far distance. A couple of cargo ships disrupted the perfect image of the ocean, though it didn't bother Nick at all. He unzipped his black jacket. He could feel the gentle breeze strike his brown hair and letting several strands rise up and begin their vivacious dance. In his mind, he thanked his parents for choosing the right location for his teenage years. San Clemente, a city on the southeastern tip of Orange County, rarely caused any trouble since he started high school four years ago.

Nick could sense someone, presumably another man, standing just a few feet from his left. He didn't think of it as a distraction at first. But then, the stranger slowly drew closer. Nick gave him a sidelong glance to get a closer look. The Latino man standing beside him didn't appear to be a threat, but Nick had to be sure. The young man took one step to the right and waited for the stranger to draw himself even closer. Nick could see that he wore a black tie, black pants, and a blue business shirt. He couldn't, however, decipher the man's age. The complete lack of facial hair didn't help much, either. As soon as the Latino man began to draw nearer once again, Nick cleared his throat and tried to look away. But instead, he looked directly at the man who eyed him from top to bottom. Nick could now see that the Latino man must have been in his mid or late thirties. He looked quite stunning for a seemingly middle-aged man.

Nick asked, "Can I help you with something?"

The stranger replied with a smooth baritone voice. "That depends on how you look at it."

"I don't think I understand what you're saying."

"You look a little lonely out here. What's your name?"

Nick didn't know if he could trust the man just yet. "Well, if you really want to know, you'll have to give me your name first."

The stranger gave a smile. "You don't have to fear me. I'm well-known around these parts. My name is Rodrigo."

Nick suddenly realized something. "Wait a minute, you're Rodrigo? The Mexican guy who's rich and famous?"

"You're almost correct. I'm actually from Argentina."

"Well, sorry about the mix-up."

Nick eyed him from top to bottom. Rodrigo certainly looked like a handsome and successful man. His clean apparel and mature personality said it all.

Rodrigo remarked, "Usually, people your age don't seem to know a whole lot about me."

Nick felt amused. "Are you kidding? There are girls at my age that can't stop talking about you. It's like you're an actor or something. They wish you'd be their boyfriends."

"Let them speak freely. I take full responsibility for their innocent attractions."

"I didn't say that they were wrong about it."

Rodrigo smiled as he observed the ships leaving Southern California and entering foreign waters. "So what brings you here?"

Nick replied, "I just want to be alone on the beach. I don't have anything else to do."

"It isn't right for you to say those words. This is California. This is where you get to have all of your fun."

"Yeah, but my friends have other things to do. I could stay home and watch videos on the internet, but I'm not the type who would waste my time with something like that."

Rodrigo took one step forward. "You're not a victim of modern technology. I already like you because of it."

Nick didn't understand what happened next. Rodrigo walked around him in a circle, as if forcing an interrogational method against him.

"I've given you my name. Now what's yours?"

Nick tried to calm himself. "My name is Nick."

He looked around to see if anyone else noticed. None of the other inhabitants noticed Rodrigo asking certain questions about his new friend.

"Tell me, Nick, what do you see in a man who has everything?"

"Well, I'd say that he's made the right choices. Good for him."

"What would you do if you ensnared a man who earned millions of dollars and could give you anything you wanted?"

Nick tried to laugh, but couldn't. "I'd ask for a new car and a new computer."

"I think you can do better than that."

Rodrigo stopped right in front of him and gave him a rather inquisitive stare. "You shouldn't spend the entire day alone. You should join someone who can bring you out of your boredom and add a little fun to your weekend."

"Are you suggesting that you want me to follow you wherever you go?"

"That's the general idea."

With the use of his alluring tone of voice, Rodrigo whispered in his ear, "Be like the girls at school. Say that you wish I was your boyfriend."

Nick suddenly moved back to prevent Rodrigo from making any moves. "Hey, you've got me all wrong. I'm not like you. I have a girlfriend."

Rodrigo just shrugged his shoulders. "It's a case of a mistaken identity. That's all. I'm sorry that I gave you the wrong impression."

"Wait, what made you think that I'm attracted to men?"

"I see it in your hair, your clothes, and your face."

"Didn't you learn not to judge a book by its cover?"

Rodrigo remained calm and nonthreatening. "I've dated so many young men who looked like you that I've taken quite a liking to it."

Nick shook his head. "Stereotyping is not a good thing. People will hate you for that."

"I'm not that stupid. I've also dated several manly men as well. I like to mix it up a little."

Nick sighed. "Look, I'm just not that kind of guy. I have a girlfriend, okay?"

"How can you be so certain that she loves you for who you are?"

"What kind of a question is that? Are you trying to say that I'm not worth it?"

"Let me explain. A few months ago, a college girl tried to flirt with me on this pier. She wanted me, because she didn't like how her current boyfriend looked and acted too much like one of her sisters. When she discovered who I really was, she told me to forget what she had just said about her boyfriend."

"That's just one girl."

"True, but there were also plenty of other females who wanted me because their boyfriends were too...dare I say it, predictable and boring."

"How do I know that you're not making this up?"

"I guess you'll have to see it for yourself."

Nick just wanted to leave the pier right away. "I think it's time for me to leave."

"I'm sorry if I'm bothering you. That is not my intent."

Nick wanted to lie. "It didn't bother me at all. I just have to go somewhere."

But before he could leave, he added, "And my girlfriend DOES love me. We care about each other. I just wanted you to know that."

Rodrigo nodded. "I hope you're right. Just remember to stay true to yourself. You seem like a very good man. Don't let anyone cloud your mind with their poor judgment."

"Don't worry. I won't."

Nick reached out with his hand. "Well, it's been nice knowing you."

Rodrigo shook his hand. "It's been nice knowing you, too."

The two of them went their separate ways. But before he could even exit the pier, Nick turned around to have one last look at the Argentinian entrepreneur who set his eyes on the far horizon loaded with shades of blue. He hated to admit it to anyone, but Nick did feel intrigued by the older man. Not by his sexual preferences, but the mysterious charm that surrounded his overall exterior. Nick could sense Rodrigo's alluring presence free from mischief with its indestructible shield. He could see why women would fall for a man like him right before they discovered the absolute truth. As if realizing he was under some form of hypnosis, Nick looked away and hoped this would be his last encounter with Rodrigo. In the meantime, he decided to stay away from the pier and add a little change to his schedule.

* * *

Nick decided to visit the local bookstore, which was located right across the street from the pier. He would gladly pay ten dollars if he found a novel from one of his favorite authors in stock. He stepped inside and examined the last few shelves at the back of the building. Once he couldn't find what he had been searching for, he thought of where he would go next. A familiar laugh from the opposite side of the shelf broke his concentration. He smiled when he recognized the voice. If Beverly had grown too engrossed by a book in her hands, Nick would be his usual self by creeping up from behind her and surprising her. He had done this to her plenty of times, and she enjoyed being shocked by his sudden appearances.

He didn't say a word as he tried to be quiet. He tiptoed around the shelf, but stopped when he heard another voice. This time, it wasn't Beverly's. Nick could only notice that it didn't sound like any of her female friends. Beverly giggled when a young man whispered something in her ear. Nick took a peek to see who else had joined her in the bookstore. It could have been perfect timing, but not to Nick. He looked to see another young man kissing her on the cheek. Nick recognized him as one of the popular athletes at school. And he had his arms around Nick's girlfriend.

Beverly smiled when she said to the athlete, "I'm so glad I'm here with you."

Nick held his breath when he watched the two of them kiss each other.

The athlete asked her, "What about your boyfriend?"

To which Beverly replied, "Oh, come on. Nick's not my boyfriend. He's just a friend."

"I thought he loved you."

"Well, I think it's just a misunderstanding."

"It's a good thing, too. He acts too much like a wuss. You'd be better off with a guy like me."

"Oh, I just love the way you think."

Nick tightened his fists to keep from losing his overall composure. He revealed himself to both of them while trying hard not to shed a tear.

"Hello, Beverly."

Beverly gasped when she saw him at the far end of the shelves. "What are you doing here?"

Nick sighed. "I'm here to see that I've just been betrayed by you."

The athlete looked as if he wanted to push him away. "Stay out of this, Nick. She's my girl. You don't want to pick a fight with me. You'd break a nail."

Nick ignored his little insult. "Why would you do this to me, Beverly?"

Beverly put on a look of counterfeit innocence on her face. "I wanted to tell you sooner, but I just couldn't."

Nick narrowed his eyes. "I trusted you, and this is how you treat our relationship?"

"We didn't have a relationship. We're just friends."

"Keep telling yourself that."

Beverly grabbed his arm. "We can still work it out. I care about you. I really do."

"You have a funny way of showing it."

"Oh, please don't end it like this. We can still be friends. We can still have fun."

Nick didn't want to say anything else. He turned away and left. He exited the bookstore after hearing Beverly's loud voice from behind. He didn't want to know what she said to him. He just wanted to stay outside and let the ocean breeze take control of his frustration and minimize it for his wellbeing. It didn't work. He let a tear slide down his cheek as he crossed the street. He needed something to help him overlook Beverly's disloyalty. He couldn't find anyone or anything on the pier that would show support. He was alone on this one, and he hated it.

Nick, still silently heartbroken, wanted to take a long walk. He didn't have any other plans for today, and his newfound hunger consisted of a need to let his high spirits grow once again. He left the pier and followed a single railroad track, lying on top of a smooth layer of small rocks, which extended from both ends of the city. He took the southern route. Long walks had helped ease his troubles before, and he hoped that even a healthy activity wouldn't betray him now.

* * *

As he moved further south from the pier and the bookstore, Nick recalled the times he shared with Beverly. They seemed to have been a couple worthy of permanent protection against outside forces. He loved the way she smiled and laughed at his jokes. He loved when they watched movies and television shows together. He loved when they held each other in their arms as they watched the setting sun fade away as a result of its nightly nonexistence. And it was all for nothing. She said that the two of them were nothing more than friends, but Nick still had the evidence proving their relationship to be at least authentic in his own perspective.

Now, he walked alone as he followed the empty railroad track in the afternoon. He found himself alongside the more lavish suburban community in the city. The railroad track now stood between the sand and the long row of enormous two-story houses belonging to multimillionaires. He looked up to examine the clean and luxurious mansions that he wished he had possessed. He always wished he had lived in one when he would become successful later in his life. For now, he wished he stayed in one to stop the world from witnessing his brokenhearted state.

Nick checked the time on his smartphone. He had taken a walk for forty-five minutes without stopping. He could have turned around and returned to the pier, but his desire to continue walking stayed strong and invulnerable. He continued to gaze at the houses on the left. One of them included a man with a familiar face. Nick stopped to see Rodrigo resting comfortably on a chair in one massive backyard. He wore the same clothes as before, all except for the black tie which was nowhere to be found. He waved his hand to grab the man's attention. The Argentinian man gave a little smile.

"How did you know where I live?"

Nick stepped a little closer to the backyard. "Actually, I didn't. I'm just taking a long walk."

"I thought you said you had some stuff to do."

"I didn't lie. I wanted to spend the day with my girlfriend."

Rodrigo sat up straight. "And she had other plans?"

"I don't think she's going to be my girlfriend anymore."

Upon second glance, the backyard looked even more extravagant than before. It consisted of clean concrete floors, fresh green grass, and a circular patio table showing off its dark brown shades. Jealousy almost reigned in Nick's train of thought before he quickly regained his concentration.

He put his hands in his pockets as he remarked, "I caught her with another guy."

Rodrigo didn't appear surprised. "I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know why it didn't work out?"

"I don't want to talk about it any further. I just want to take a long walk."

"You look a little tired. Have a seat with me. You'll need to replenish your strength if you want to go back home on foot."

Nick kept his gaze on the empty chair standing alongside Rodrigo's. "I'm not too sure."

Rodrigo chuckled. "Don't be so paranoid. I now know who you are. I don't need to make any unnecessary moves."

Nick sighed. "Good point. I'm not gonna interrupt you in any way, right?"

"No, not at all. Feel free to try and relax."

The young man stepped away from railroad track and entered the backyard. A little uneasiness inhabited his current psyche, seeing as how Rodrigo seemed to be a little too mysterious. Nevertheless, he took a seat in the empty chair, which felt comfortable enough to relieve his body from mild exhaustion. He unzipped his black jacket and let the ocean breeze provide a calming massage for his five senses. On the other side of the railroad track, the empty shore remained quiet. Small waves struck the sand while a couple of seagulls searched for potential provisions in the water. The sun and cloudless sky completed the authentic portrait of a Mediterranean spring, its divine establishment granted as the basis for Southern California's peace and quiet.

Nick took a deep breath. "It just isn't fair."

Rodrigo didn't move at all. "I thought you didn't want to talk about it."

Nick still didn't look away from the unoccupied coastline, free from footprints and seaweed. "I think it's time I leave."

"Don't be in such a hurry. Perhaps I can help you."

"How so?"

"Just tell me how it happened."

Nick shook his head just before he stood up from his seat. "Just forget it. Thanks for letting me relax in your backyard."

Rodrigo reached out with his hand. "I'm always willing to help if you require assistance again."

Nick took his hand and shook it. Rodrigo's grip was strong and proficient, which made Nick speculate a little more regarding the Argentinian man's line of work. "Don't worry about it. I'm sure I'll get over it."

Nick's smartphone suddenly vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out and read the brief text message from his supposed girlfriend.

It read: "Let's work this out, please. I still care about you. I really do."

Nick now had trouble believing her. He deleted her text message in just a few seconds. He tightened his grip on his smartphone. He just wanted to throw it into the ocean and never see it again.

Rodrigo drew a little closer. "What's causing this discomfort of yours?"

For some reason, his smooth baritone voice was all it took for Nick to ease his mental pain. He placed his smartphone back in his pocket.
