 It wouldn't stop. The impure thoughts wouldn't go away. Whenever he tried to ignore it, it always returned. It made him feel crazy in the head. He knew it was wrong, but his imagination continued to be more of an inconvenience in the real world.

Joshua had nothing to do on a Saturday morning. Florence, his wife, had already left the house to visit her friend's place. The twenty-nine-year-old husband was now alone in the master bedroom, and he wished that he would be somewhere else other than his own home. He wanted to take a peek through the blinds, but he tried to fight against it. He closed his eyes for a moment as he lay on his bed. He started to shiver. He took a deep breath. He couldn't understand why he wanted to take a look at his neighbor so badly. All he could understand was that he felt drawn to him.

Leroy had moved in next door just a few weeks ago. And all of a sudden, one look at the black man and Joshua became transfixed owing to some unknown force. They two of them had barely talked to each other, and they didn't know much about each other. But Joshua did know that Leroy had some neat features surrounding his body, and his handsome appearance would have made any woman weak in the knees. Joshua did indeed feel the same way. He had been married to Florence for the past four years, and now, the high probability of being unfaithful took full reign of the household. And to make things even stranger, it was another man who initiated that deep magnetic pull.

Joshua buried his face in his pillow. He wanted to see Leroy through the window again. His twenty-seven-year-old neighbor would still be at home at this time. Joshua knew, since he had seen him every Saturday morning.

He couldn't take it any longer. He got up from his bed and lifted up the blinds only slightly. He took a peek through the small opening between blinds and windowsill. He already spotted the man. Leroy spent his time exercising in his own bedroom. At this time, he started his routine pullups. Joshua slowly licked his lips. Leroy didn't have a shirt when he had his back turned. Joshua could only wish that Leroy faced the opposite way so that he could gaze at the abs that made him tremble with excitement.

He closed the blinds again. He sat down on his bed and stayed silent. He took one look at his closet and quickly turned away. He had been hiding something from Florence ever since Leroy moved in. This would have been the time to open the box and use it, but he tried not to. He clenched his fists. The exhilarating feeling overwhelmed him. With no other option, he opened the closet and searched for the shoebox he had been hiding from his wife. As soon as he found it, he opened the box and stared at what lay inside it.

He always wondered if Leroy had any preferences, but he never asked. His blond hair and slender physique could have been a turn-off for Leroy in some way. No matter, since he still had a good imagination ready for use. Joshua grabbed the blue-colored dildo and dropped the shoebox on the floor. He held the dildo with both hands as he lay flat on his back in bed. All he had to do was imagine that he held Leroy's big black cock in his hands.

He kissed the dildo with moist lips. He licked the cold surface and closed his eyes. He pretended to be the submissive one to a complete stranger. His kisses remained dainty and passionate. He began to moan in a slightly feminine nature. He enjoyed his own personal pastime, even if it didn't make his dream come true. He soon lost control of his feelings that he had been suppressing for the sake of everyone else. He shoved the dildo deep in his mouth and throat. He would have loved to give Leroy his own personal service.

For the next few minutes, Joshua played around with his inanimate object a little more. He did everything to imagine how life would have been like to be dominated by his neighbor. He slid tip of the dildo all around his neck, which made him sigh with glee. Having it touch some of his most tantalizing locations made him understand how his wife felt whenever the two of them made love. And then, he started to caress the dildo with his fingers. If he ever showed Leroy how convenient his hands could be, then this would have been the moment. He moved his fingers up and down the dildo and imagined Leroy's precious cream landing on his chest. Joshua could just envision the thick cum sticking to his skin. It would have been a special moment between the two of them.

Then, he stopped. He put the dildo back in the shoebox and hid it in the closet once again. He took a peek through the blinds to see if Leroy continued his exercise in his bedroom. Unfortunately, the neighbor had left his room and was now nowhere to be seen. Joshua could only frown. It was good while it lasted. Now, he just had to find something else to do for the rest of the day. He left his house and took a long drive all around the city of La Mirada. He found this to be a very effective way to ease the tension inside him. He drove through certain neighborhoods and didn't stop moving. Once his thoughts had been cleared of impurity, he returned to his home and parked on the driveway.

* * *

And that was when he had received a text message from Florence. He grabbed his smartphone and looked to see her what she had written. The short text revealed that she wanted to see him. He texted back to her, asking where they would meet. Her next text message made him feel a little flabbergasted. She said that she was in Leroy's house and that she wanted Joshua to join them.

Joshua's hand that held his smartphone started to shake. Now, he wanted to know why Florence paid Leroy a visit at this time. Now, he had to be prepared to meet his neighbor again. He took a deep breath to calm himself and rubbed his palms together. It didn't take long for him to leave the house and knock on Leroy's front door.

And when the door opened, Joshua didn't know what to say when he saw Florence standing right in front of him.

Strangely enough, she was smiling. "Hello, Josh. Why don't you come in?"

Joshua didn't have time to hesitate. "Of course, I will."

He stepped inside the house. Florence led him into the living room. Joshua looked around to see if he could spot at least a hint of Leroy's existence. He was nowhere to be seen at the moment.

He asked his wife, "So...what's going on?"

Florence chuckled. "You don't have to hide things from me, you know."

"What do you mean?"

Florence folded her arms across her chest. "I know what you've been hiding in the closet. I saw it."

Joshua quickly realized what she had been saying. He tried to fake a laugh, but failed. "I don't know what you mean by that."

"Don't lie to me. I know about the dildo. You bought it online, didn't you?"

Joshua started to tremble. His own wife had discovered his nasty little secret. He didn't know what to say or do. He felt ashamed for his adulterated activity.

"Oh, Florence. I'm so sorry. I confess. The dildo is mine."

Florence didn't flinch. "It's because of Leroy, isn't it? You want his big black cock, don't you?"

Joshua felt like he could cry. "Yes, I do. I want his dick inside me so badly."

Florence kept smiling. "Well, I don't think you'll be needing that dildo of yours."

And then, Joshua spotted his neighbor standing at the open entryway. He almost gasped. Leroy was completely naked. He showed off his abs, his legs, and his erection. His well-built figure, now devoid of any apparel, became an instant treat for Joshua's eyes.

His eyes widened. "Hello, Leroy. You're looking...good today."

Leroy stepped closer with a little grin on his face. "I bet this is what you want to see. You should have told me sooner about what you want from me. But then again, better late than never."

Joshua asked his wife, "Have you been planning this?"

Florence grabbed his arm and pulled him closer toward their neighbor. "Don't worry. This'll be fun for both you AND me. He will give and you will receive. And best of all, I think this'll be so much fun to watch."

Leroy pointed his finger at Joshua. "Take your shirt off right now."

Joshua didn't wait. He took off his shirt and tossed it in a corner. He noticed his wife taking a seat on the recliner and crossing her legs. Her watchful eyes gave the signal that she eagerly awaited a worthy performance from her own husband.

Leroy viewed his brand new prey. "You look so gentle right now. That's just the way I like my men."

He pointed down at his erection. "Look at it. You want it, don't you?"

Just looking at the big cock made Joshua feel weak and powerless. "Oh, yeah. I want it. I want it in my mouth, and I want it in my ass."

He almost couldn't believe that he just said that right in front of Florence. Luckily, she didn't say a word and just smiled at her insincere husband.

Leroy stood proudly in front of Joshua. "Fall to your knees and take it like a man."

Joshua didn't say anything. He just obeyed the command. He fell to his knees and stared directly at the long hard cock that he so desperately wanted. He grabbed it with his hand and began to caress it like he did with his dildo. He slid his fingers across the hard cylinder surface. He remained careful with his first official interaction with his hunky neighbor.

Leroy surely sounded like he started to enjoy it. "Oh, that's right. Play with my dick."

Joshua couldn't look away from it. The big black cock had an exquisite quality in terms of its look and feel. He gave it a lick. And then, he kissed the tip. Its warmth made him shiver with excitement. He couldn't wait. He opened his mouth and made his move. The dick was so big that Joshua could only half of it inside his mouth. But Leroy gave him a little help. He grabbed Joshua's head with both hands and pushed him deeper into the cock that waited for him.

Now, Joshua had the entire cock deep in his mouth and throat. He almost chocked on the tip, but luckily, it didn't get lodged inside. Now, he was in the process of being controlled by his predator. Leroy pushed his cock in and out of Joshua's mouth. Joshua moaned as he could feel the big and mighty intruder sliding inside him. He looked to his left to see his wife still sitting on the recliner with her legs crossed. Her enthusiastic smile calmed him down. If she didn't approve of this, she would have said so. But seeing as how she let it happen, Joshua saw no reason to back out of it now.

Leroy whispered, "You're good. I never knew you'd be like this, but I'm glad we found you out."

Joshua couldn't really say anything, since he had an entire cock stuffed inside his mouth. He tried to say a few words, but it only resulted in a muffled sound. Being assaulted by Leroy's huge talent made him moan with bliss.

All of a sudden, Leroy pulled his cock out. Joshua almost collapsed as he had to take deep breaths after such an invigorating experience. Leroy didn't offer his own batch of semen just yet.

Florence giggled. "I think I know what's next."

Leroy grabbed Joshua and turned him around. Joshua could feel Leroy pulling down his pants and boxer shorts before tossing them aside. The anxious husband bent over and grabbed hold of the sofa's armrest. He looked behind him to see Leroy towering over him once again. Joshua started to shiver. He knew what would happen next. He held his breath for a moment. He could feel the tip of Leroy's cock touching his butt. He slid closer toward his hole ever so slowly. The suspense was incredible.

He heard Leroy say, "I don't care if it's too big for your ass. You're gonna take it, and you're gonna enjoy it."

Joshua's eyes widened. "Oh, yes. I want it. I want it in my ass."

Florence licked her lips. "Oh, yes. Let me see you fuck him real hard."

Leroy had a firm grip of Joshua's hips. This was a historic moment. He thrust his big cock deep inside Joshua, who gasped and almost went weak in the knees. The big cock did indeed squeeze through his narrow passage, and once it touched the hot spot, the electrifying sensation became the only thing that Joshua could ever concentrate on. His grip on the armrest tightened. His moans became shameless cries. Leroy thrust his big black beast deep inside and didn't stop. His hips collided with Joshua's ass, which gave off a loud smacking sound.

Florence chuckled. "That's it. Don't you just love being fucked in the ass?"

Joshua didn't give a reply. All he did was smile as Leroy made him submit to his swift and aggressive moves. 

Leroy quickened his rhythmic movements. "Oh, yeah. You're loving my dick right now."

Joshua's entire body shook owing to Leroy's growing intensity. "Oh, it feels so good! Your cock is so big! I want more of it!"

It went on for the next several minutes. All this time, Joshua didn't fight back. He accepted his more submissive role in his neighbor's house. Furthermore, his wife's silent approval provided a more confident attitude. This obsession no longer needed to be a secret.

Joshua cried, "Oh, fuck!"

Leroy's constant drilling made the stunning sensation from within grow even more.

"Here it comes, Josh! Here comes my cum!"

Leroy's last thrust was the strongest. Joshua squeezed his eyes shut for the incoming eruption. Leroy's warm cum flooded Joshua's passage. Only a few drops escaped the plugged hole and fell to the floor.

Joshua almost squealed like a girl. "Oh, shit. It's all inside me!"

Florence sighed. "That was amazing."

Joshua had to catch his breath. "It's so strange. I didn't think this would happen."

Leroy pulled his exhausted dick out of the hole. "Well, it did. And you're now one of my favorite people on this planet."

Joshua could feel the thick warm cum spilling out of his hole and dripping down his legs. He breathed a sigh of relief. "I wish we could do this more than once."

Florence stood up from the recliner. "I do, too. And when it happens, I promise you that I will still be there to see everything."

She gazed at her husband's inundated ass. "It's so much fun watching you being the receiving end for a change."

Joshua couldn't help but give a little chuckle. It was a good performance after all.