 He had bad days before, but none of them felt as appalling as today. By the late afternoon, he became fed up with those who pestered his good conscience. He just wanted to go back home and settle his frustration in some way. He didn't want to deal with the rejection that he had faced in the morning, which incidentally would be followed by some irritating moments at work.

Xavier got off at work as soon as the setting sun drenched the afternoon sky with an evident shade of orange and a much hazier variety of blue. The towering clouds, which had matured to more colossal figures above Southern California, began to conceal the sun from numerous human eyes. At this time, people headed home from work with no hesitation, Xavier included. Despite his impatience, he kept calm as he drove in his white-colored pickup truck. He tried to listen to songs on the radio, but he couldn't indulge himself in today's indie rock standards. He preferred a heavier, grittier rock sound than usual, more in the likes of Alice in Chains, Shinedown, and Seether. He turned off the radio when he didn't bother to listen to anything that didn't gratify his musical taste.

When he finally reached his apartment, the twenty-five-year-old Guatemalan man set his mind only on food and rest. He had lived in his apartment, which was located just a few blocks away from Cal State Long Beach, for at least three full years, and he felt relieved at even the mere sight of it. He would have preferred a two-story house in the suburbs, but because of limited funds, his one-bedroom residence would have to do for now. He went inside and changed his clothes. Now wearing a black shirt and brown pants, he could do nothing but slouch on his recliner in the living room. He didn't even want to produce a ponytail for his long and thick black hair, which became a bit of a routine at home. He gave a deep sigh as he closed his eyes for a brief moment. He just wanted to disregard the unhealthy experience from the last nine hours.

But three knocks on the door indicated that his moment of meditation would have to be delayed.

He said to himself, "please let it be a stripper of something."

He got off his recliner and headed for the front door. He opened it and found a man who he recognized standing in the hallway.

"I'm sorry to bother you, Xavier, but I brought you your mail. It was in my mailbox by accident."

Eugene was two years older than him, but a three-inch difference in terms of height gave Xavier a clear advantage. The smaller man had short blond hair and, at the moment, wore blue jeans and a white t-shirt. He handed Xavier the two envelopes.

Xavier tried to smile, but couldn't. "Thanks."

His monotonous voice led Eugene to ask, "Is something wrong?"

Xavier kept his eyes on his mail. "It's nothing interesting. I wouldn't want to bore with all the details."

"Oh, but I'd love to hear it. I don't like it when friends come home with a bad attitude."

Xavier didn't even want to try hiding the growing irritation that showed on his face. "I don't want to talk about it."

Eugene didn't back down. "It wouldn't be smart to bottle it all up, you know."

Xavier blurted, "Just leave me alone, man! Can't you get the hint?"

This time, the blond-haired man took one step back and raised his hands. "Okay, I get the hint. I'm sorry if I gave you any trouble."

Xavier remained silent as he closed the door. He put his mail aside and returned to his recliner. For the next fifteen minutes, he put on his headphones and listened to music on his Smartphone. Music from Alice in Chains became the norm in all five senses. He immersed himself into the authentic sounds of classic grunge. A distraction had arrived, however. He began to think about his brief conversation with Eugene a few minutes ago. Inside his mind, he couldn't determine the authentic justification of his rude behavior. His bad day at work had been partially to blame, of course.

"Sure, whatever."

Xavier turned off the music from his Smartphone and got up from his recliner. He left his apartment and walked down one flight of stairs. He reached the front door of Eugene's place. He knocked three times and waited for a response.

The two of them became neighbors for six months. Small talk was the standard between Xavier and Eugene, but once they got to know each other a little more during the third month, they became more than just neighbors. Their friendship had peaked once they discovered they shared a few similarities. Both were born and raised in Southern California, for example. Xavier did have a small problem with Eugene's sexual orientation at first, what with his feminine mannerisms and all, but it passed once he gained acceptance of other people's alternate lifestyles. It got to a point where they would do anything for each other in times of struggle, whether it be financial or psychological or whatever.

It took several seconds for Eugene to open the door and convey a solemn look on his face.

"I didn't expect you to want to talk to me again."

Xavier shook his head. "That's why I want to apologize for going off on you like that."

Eugene smiled. "It's nothing. It's not like it's abuse or anything like that."

"It's just that I haven't had the best day today, and I just want to be alone for the rest of the night."

Eugene looked concerned. "It's that bad, huh?"

"It's like I'm being punished for something that I didn't do."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

Xavier shrugged his shoulders. "Sure, why not?"

"All right, come in."

Eugene led him into his apartment, which looked almost exactly like the one that the Guatemalan man lived in. Furniture and appliances appeared slightly fancier than what Xavier possessed. Eugene's dining room table and flat-screen TV looked smaller and more out-of-date, however. The TV revealed that a hockey game had just started: the Los Angeles Kings took on the Columbus Blue Jackets for the first night of the playoff season.

Xavier took a seat on the couch while Eugene sat down just a few feet alongside him.

The slim blond fellow turned off the television and asked, "Does it have anything to do with work?"

Xavier replied, "There's more to that than just my day job. This morning, my girlfriend had called me to tell me that it's all over."

"Ouch."

"She's now dating a guy that owns a damn Ferrari. He's from an upper-class neighborhood, a millionaire if I'm not mistaken. Can you believe it? She dumped me when she's going after wealth. It hits me right in the heart even as I'm reminiscing about it right now."

"She doesn't sound like the kind of woman who would survive in the real world."

"Our breakup was bad enough, but then I had to go to work. Being a car mechanic does have its own drawbacks. All day, I had to deal with impatient drivers who wanted to know every single detail about their transmission change, their air conditioning, and even their standard oil change. I've had men and women breathing down my necks as I changed their tires. One guy even yelled obscenities at me because he didn't think I used the right coolant for his car. I wished that I could shove a wrench down his throat, but then I realized that I wasn't a part of a street gang. I had my own morals and standards...unfortunately."

"Are you sure this wasn't because you didn't do your job correctly?"

"Of course, I'm sure! The manager hired me a few years ago for a good reason. It's just that I thought about my girlfriend all day, and it really tore me apart that she rejected me like that. It pissed me off that I had to go through that sort of thing, plus all the crap from people that I don't even know."

Eugene's voice had a more sympathetic tone. "Oh, it hurts to see a friend of mine experience pain and suffering."

"I hope you're not being sarcastic."

"Of course, not! You're a good man, Xavier. You don't deserve to be treated like a peasant."

"Well, you're right about that."

Eugene grinned. "And you should forget about your girlfriend. She's no good for you. You'd be better off with someone who actually cares about you."

"It's going to be a long time before I find one of that particular caliber."

"Don't feel so uncertain. I know you. Anyone would be lucky to have such exquisite eye-candy right by their side."

Xavier snickered. "It shouldn't just be the way I look."

Eugene edged a little closer towards him. "Oh, we can't leave out your natural ability to repair automobiles. Not to mention your undying admiration for the Dodgers and the Kings. And I'm quite positive you can please anybody with your sex appeal."

Xavier raised an eyebrow. "You're that confident, aren't you?"

"I'm going to be as honest as I can be. You're a fine-looking man, a real hunk."

"I never thought another man would say that about me."

"You're not going to run away from me, are you?"

"If you make a move, then I just might."

Eugene laughed. "Don't worry, Xavier. I won't bite. Look at me. I'm not a tough guy like you."

"Still, I'd feel a little comfortable knowing that you're flirting with your neighbor."

"But I'd do it for a reason."

"And that is...?"

Eugene leaned over and whispered in Xavier's ear. "I don't like it when my friends are feeling miserable. I always try hard to cheer them up."

Xavier asked, "You want to do what I think you want to do, is that right?"

A sumptuous attitude settled in Eugene's voice. "It's what I do best."

Xavier shook his head. "I don't think it's a good idea."

Eugene eyed him from top to bottom. "Oh, but you need my help. You've had a terrible day, and it looks like you require a little assistance on replenishing your body and mind."

Xavier gave a little chuckle which, in fact, was forced. "Maybe I should find an alternative, something that REAL men would go for. No offense."

"Oh, I never take your insults seriously, anyway."

When Eugene licked his lips for a brief second, Xavier shifted in his seat. In reality, he did feel attached to the blond man, just not in a physical way. But for some odd reason, as he stared into the eyes of his friendly neighbor, Xavier could sense something beyond an emotional attraction. Eugene started to look like someone who would enjoy having a good time. The frustration that originated from work and rejection may have affected his current mindset. Or perhaps the way Eugene got on his hands and knees on the couch became a complexity that he couldn't understand just yet. Either way, Xavier couldn't move. He felt a tingling sensation in his body as the blond man gave a charismatic smile.

"This could be worth it."

Xavier whispered, "I don't know if it's worth the risk."

"It's better than being alone. You would have someone by your side, someone who adores you very much. I can help provide satisfaction."

Xavier didn't flinch when Eugene's eyes were just a few centimeters away from his face.

"So how does it work?"

Eugene replied, "Why don't we start with a little warm-up?"

He didn't waste any time as he used his tongue to touch Xavier's cheek. The saliva that stuck on Guatemalan's skin felt cool, but not filthy.

Eugene gazed at Xavier's hips. "Let me see what's down there."

Xavier let him unzip his pants because the most popular organ below the waist began to stand up straight. It poked out from underneath his boxer shorts.

Eugene appeared amused. "This is why I love Hispanic men like you. You like to keep it enormous."

Xavier cleared his throat. "So what's next?"

"This is what happens."

Eugene closed his fingers around Xavier's cock and caressed it by moving his fingers up and down in a slow fashion. This led to Xavier taking a deep breath.

"It's a strange feeling. It's usually a woman who does a thing like this."

"Would you like to try a substitute?"

Eugene sped up the movement of his fingers.

Xavier closed his eyes for a brief moment. A myriad of otherworldly feelings initiated by past relationships had embarked on a revisit. Only this time, it would be made possible by someone of the same sex.

Eugene murmured, "I can stop if you want."

"No, keep going."

Eugene continued to stroke in high speed. "It sort of feels like heaven, doesn't it?"

"It's a familiar feeling."

Xavier received more stimulation when the blond man pressed his lips against the skin of the cock. Kissing the shaft with delicate precision seemed to work for the both of them. Several seconds later, the twenty-seven-year-old blond man stuffed the entire member into his mouth and moved his head up and down. Xavier grabbed a hold of the couch's armrest in one hand and seized Eugene's head with the other hand. Stimulation had reached a higher level. The disastrous hours of the day would soon become an afterthought.

Xavier brought his companion's head away from his cock and gave an unwavering stare. "Where's your bedroom?"

Eugene smiled. "Follow me."

He grabbed Xavier's hand and led him away from the living room.

The bedroom looked spacious and comfortable. Eugene stood beside his king-sized bed and gave the Guatemalan a thorough come-hither look.

Xavier asked, "Will you help me forget what happened today?"

"You need relief. I'm the man who will lend a hand no matter what."

"I'll need more than your hand."

Xavier took off Eugene's white shirt for him. He embraced the half-naked man and gave him a kiss. The held each other with tight grips. Their kiss lasted for a countless seconds. Xavier pulled him away and told him to take off his jeans. As he did so, the mechanic removed his own attire almost immediately. The two were now nude. Xavier examined Eugene's undressed body. He was skinny, almost the equivalent of a woman's body. Xavier found his appearance irresistible.

"You look fine."

"I'd like to say the same thing about you."

Eugene got on the bed and lay on his back. Xavier followed him, knowing that a new unfamiliar experience would be imminent. He was now on top of Eugene. As he stared into the gleaming blue eyes of his comrade, Xavier's desire to relieve his stress grew even more. He kissed smooth skin before moving on to the chest, sucking on Eugene's nipple.

"Take me, Xavier. I'm yours tonight."

Eugene's moaning prompted the Guatemalan to say, "Turn around."

Eugene did what he was told. He got on his hands and knees as he faced the opposite direction. Xavier didn't hesitate. He grabbed his own cock, fully erect and free of lubrication, and thrust it deep inside his friend's lower vessel. Eugene almost screamed, but demoted the volume of his voice as he moaned repeatedly. Xavier grabbed his hips as he drove his hard limb into him. He could already sense the deliberate pacifying of his day-old anger proving to be effective within his psyche. He didn't stop thrusting in and out.

"Oh yes, Eugene! Set me free."

"Oh, don't stop!"

Xavier's forward motion grew harder with every passing minute. He clenched his teeth as his hips pounded against Eugene's stern buttocks. He could feel a drop of sweat falling from his forehead. The humidity in the entire room rose as both men felt their own personal temperatures rise. Eugene grabbed a hold of his bed sheet while Xavier closed his eyes. The aggressive adrenaline dominating his body and mind was now at an all-time high. The climax revealed itself. He dug his fingers into Eugene's hips as the eruption from his shaft took effect. Eugene screamed before collapsing on the bed, taking deep breaths due to the amorous performance that he participated in.

"Oh, I felt it...and it felt real good."

Xavier pulled out his cock from out of the glory hole that he seemed to have favored over his ex-girlfriend's. His shaft still dripped thick fluid on the bed sheet.

"I don't think that was enough."

Eugene's chuckle sounded sweet and honest. "I'll be happy to take it all in for you."

"Please do."

The shorter man lay on his back once again. Xavier remained a towering overhead as, for the second time tonight, he gave his favorite appendage a hard push. The warm canal that surrounded it felt more enticing than ever. He could see Eugene closing his eyes shut and keeping his mouth agape as the volume of his constant groans grew higher with each pelvic thrust. Xavier didn't want the ecstatic look on Eugene's face to stop. He could watch him have the most thrilling orgasm of his life all night. It helped with Xavier's mindset. All the negativity that prevailed in the daytime began to vanish from his brain. The frustration that came with it had been channeled through a rigorous enactment in bed. The passionate interaction between him and his neighbor would be his primary release. Banging another man never felt so good after all.

"Yes! Xavier! It's all so much!"

"You can't escape it! It's all mine!"

The adrenaline grew even more intense. It didn't take long for Xavier to sit up and lean against the headboard. He brought his devotee along with him. Eugene sat down right on his lap. Xavier thrust his cock upwards, and the deep anal penetration continued on without a hitch. Eugene seized the vertical metal bars on the headstand as he rode his partner with an accustomed energetic force. Xavier held him tightly as the two of them performed their mating ritual behind closed doors.

Leaping up and down in conjunction with Xavier's upward motion, Eugene's moans gradually metamorphosed into short womanly screams. "Don't stop! I still want it!"

Xavier took shorter breaths. "I won't stop!"

He even lost track of time. Countless minutes had passed. He just kept on with the infiltration of his new partner. The performance in the bedroom remained hard and long, but it wasn't always vigorous. Somewhere in the middle, Xavier lessened his durable stride for a few moments. He marveled at the sight of such a feminine male. Holding him in his arms while softening the force inside his canal, he looked straight into Eugene's eyes and gave a genuine smile.

"I never even realized how handsome you are."

Eugene smiled back. "Thank you. You're so kind."

They hugged each other even as the sensuous motions still didn't cease.

Eugene whispered in Xavier's ear, "You're the greatest."

Their embrace was more than magical. It represented a new transition that regarded their friendship. This would lead to a more affectionate relationship between the blond and the Guatemalan.

Soon after their tender moment, the more aggressive segment of their intercourse reappeared once more. Xavier mustered all of his remaining strength to pound Eugene right between the buttocks. He could feel the climax approaching ever so slowly.

Amidst the wild camaraderie between two sensuous creatures, Eugene yelled, "I want it all! Please, Xavier, give me your all!"

"It's coming! It's coming!"

Xavier tightened his grip around Eugene's waist and held his breath. Eugene screamed as the two of them reached their climax. They landed on the mattress from pure exhaustion. They took deep breaths as they gazed into each other's eyes. Xavier could feel his thick slimy seed ejecting from his member and inundating his friend deep from within. The last half hour proved to be a liberating experience.

Eugene, who lay right below his Hispanic companion, whispered, "I hope it was as good as I thought it would be."

Xavier kissed him on the forehead. "It was much better."

Eugene's smile brought a soothing sensation in the Guatemalan's heart. The introduction of an alternate lifestyle spoke volumes. Xavier only cared about one thing at the moment: that he would find solace in the form of a fine-looking blond man.

"Oh, Xavier, I'll always be there whenever you feel troubled."

"You're not toying with me, are you?"

"Why would I do such a thing to a fine individual like you? Trust me. You'll see better days than this, because I'll be with you from now on. Doesn't that sound good to you?"
