 It was one of those days when I felt horny for no reason, hornier than usual, that is. Desperate for sex. And for some reason, desperate for sex with a man. The trouble was, I had no one I could call to satiate the need. If I had been known as gay, it might have been different, but I wasn't. That was kept under wraps, and I just needed it from time to time.

So this was one of those times. And I was going to have to find someone myself, in real life, not from a website. I had exhausted the possibilities on an online site, finding only a few that were my type, and most of them seemed... I just didn't have confidence that a meet would go well.

I was going to go out and seduce a man. But how, where? Public places were too dangerous. If something went wrong you could get in trouble. I could go and hang around a public toilet, but you could get arrested like that too.

Anyway, it had been raining all day. It was a cold, gloomy, wet afternoon in west London and I was bored.

I decided that a car was the best bet. A taxi. Take my chances on finding a driver who might be into it. Then suddenly I remembered the husband of a friend of mine. Little chubby guy. Ray. I'd had the odd fantasy about him and I thought he sometimes looked at me a little strangely.

Ray had his own cab service. Just him. And if he wasn't interested, I thought he was enough of a gentleman to keep quiet.

I called him. He said he'd be round in ten minutes. I waited. I paced up and down. I washed my cock.

He arrived. I got in the car.

"Hi," he said. "Long time no see." He shook my hand and I held on to it a little too long. We made small talk. Eventually he said, "Okay, where to?" and that threw me completely.

"Err, you know what, I really don't want to go anywhere," I said, clueless.

"So why call a taxi?"

The rain drummed on the roof and made all the windows obscure, like frosted glass.

"I don't know," I laughed. "I was bored and I wanted to do something." Then on an impulse I put my hand on Ray's bulge. I didn't squeeze or move my fingers, just felt the lovely warm, soft contents of his underpants.

Ray laughed nervously.

"What are you doing?" I removed my hand but he caught it and put it back. "No, I didn't say that, I said what are you doing."

I sat in electrified silence with my hand on this man's cock in a car in the street outside my house.

"I don't know," I said. That much was true, anyhow.

"You're feeling my cock," Ray said calmly. "Is that what you intended to do?" he paused. "It's very... forward. Do you want to put your hand inside my trousers?"

He reached down, moved my hand to one side and unzipped. I put my hand inside his trousers and felt his cock and balls through his underpants. It was warm and wicked in there.

"Good thing it's raining," he said. "Otherwise people could see two men in the early stages of a sexual liaison."

"Yes," I replied, all but speechless. He obviously wasn't shocked or angry. Just perplexed. I relaxed a little and involuntarily squeezed his balls.

"Should we go inside?" he suggested.

A minute later we were my kitchen, putting the kettle on.

"So what do you want exactly?" Ray asked. "I can see you... why me?"

"Why not?' I said stupidly. "I just..."

"You just feel like it today," he said. "And you fancy me a bit?"

"Exactly," I said. "I'm sorry, you must think I'm a right twat."

"I think you're very brave," Ray said. "Why don't we forget the coffee and go upstairs?"

We went up in silence, both of us embarrassed. Although he hadn't said as much, he was obviously into this as much as I was.

"You want to suck me?" Ray said as I closed the door behind us. "Go on, then." I went close to him and slipped my hand into his trousers again, this time into his underpants. I couldn't quite believe this was happening. It just goes to show, sometimes things you want are just a few moments away.

"Have you ever fucked a guy?" I asked.

"No," he said. "Fucked girls up the ass, though. Same thing. That what you want?"

"I woke up this morning just feeling like being taken by a man," I confessed. "I don't know why."

We both undressed and slipped into bed. Ray lay on top of me and kissed me as if I was his girlfriend.

"Do you want to suck my cock?" he asked.

"Have you ever wanted this kind of thing?" I countered. He nodded hesitantly.

"I suppose," he said. "Never had the guts to do anything about it, though."

"Okay, well I'm going to do it," I said, avoiding the words by heading straight down his smooth body to the little bush of black pubic hair where his erection stood, waiting for encouragement. I took his cock in my mouth and he flinched and sighed, then relaxed as a man sucked his penis.

"Fuck," he said. "That's beautiful. That's great." I continued and he started to squirm, before helplessly shooting his load into my mouth.

"Sorry," he said awkwardly.

"Don't be sorry," I said. "I liked that. But now we'll have to stay here for a while because I still want you to bugger me."

Ray didn't stay. He had to work, so he went off. He returned three hours later and we walked straight upstairs. I had taken the opportunity to nip to the chemist and get some condoms and lube, feeling extremely self-conscious, as if the assistant knew exactly what they were for. You're gay, she seemed to be thinking. And these things are going to be used by a man who is going to put his cock up your pathetic arse.

Once out of her sight I started to enjoy that feeling. That was exactly what was going to happen.

This time we undressed each other and Ray pushed me onto the bed, a little touch of aggression that I liked a lot. He knelt above me and waved his cock in my face. I grabbed it and put it in my mouth and loved it and felt his balls and his crotch and his arse.

Then Ray knelt up and raised my legs so my anus was exposed to him. He got down and licked my arse. I was so exposed, so defenceless, so blatantly at his mercy. He turned me over and licked me from behind, licking me like I had licked women, like I owned them and there was no need for discussion. Ray was my master and he knew it and he liked it.

He took the lube and oiled me up, then put on a condom and lubed that too. On my back, with my legs in the air again, I watched with petrified lust as he approached me and gently but firmly inserted his penis into my anus. He felt so big, so powerful, so explosive, capable of anything. He fucked me and I felt like I had been waiting half my life for this moment.

I loved the feeling of being penetrated, filled, owned. He pumped and pushed and pulled and my thoughts were entirely devoted to the moment and the thought of what was happening to me. I would never be the same again. I would want to be fucked by every man I met. Fucked and satisfied, willing and helpful, sucking cocks and getting my arse licked like a girl.

"Fuck me, Ray," I said. "I love your cock inside me. I love you buggering me. Squirt your spunk inside me. Take the condom off. I'm okay and I trust you if you say you are. I want to feel your skin inside me.

Ray stopped, pulled out, took off the condom and plunged his cock back into me and my arse welcomed him back like a long-lost lover. He banged with a sort of caring hostility - he knew precisely the balance to strike. He kissed me and stroked me and played with my arse as his cock ploughed it. And then finally he lurched and heaved and powered his spunk into me. I adored the feeling, the sensation and the knowledge that a man had ejaculated inside me. Up my arse. Semen in my cavity and a nice, manly, kind but dominant man all over me.