 Zach, Z to most, had just started out as another Pimp in London. Only Z was different to most, Z wasn't a want-to-be gangster. Z had made a small fortune working for a top Hedgefund, but the hours were long and at 35 Z had had enough. He wanted out, and to a career more suited to his needs, fed up to sucking up to the next client, the higher up suit and the façade of the clean cut business lifestyle. 

Z had a dark side, he was sex obsessed, he couldn't get enough, and it wasn't enough to release. Z lived the life, always hunting for more. Many though Z was straight too, but Z had never been that way inclined. He craved ass, but not of the female kind. With a growing sense of ambition and a burgeoning list of contacts, both blue collar and from the seedy underworld on London, Z saw the perfect opportunity to enter the sex industry. 

Z's first task was to lock 70% of his financial wealth into various accounts for a combine's yearly interest of 5%, leaving Z free to live off the interest, roughly £50k. Next Z contacted an old friend in the real estate industry, who managed to knock 50% off a £400k 2-bedroom apartment located centrally; Z kitted it out with the modern décor from his old apartment and put it on the market at £500k. Z had a penchant for the nicer things in life, but that didn't take away from what Z was. 

At 6ft7 he had always found it easy to intimidate people without having to resort to violence, Z carried an air of natural dominance, which had helped him rise to very quickly in business. Not many people tried to play mind games and double cross Z. Those who did found themselves quickly ostracised from meetings and other functions, with his commanding presence Z had garnered a lot of influence. He had also made contacts with the top players in the crime world, through shady deals, and Z firmly believed that sometimes you had to get your hand dirty - whether that meant paying someone off, or intimidating a competitor. The shady characters had their uses. All in all, Z was determined to penetrate the market, but realistically he'd be financially OK without, this was a way to do something he really enjoyed. 

*

Z put adverts for new girls on backpage, and picked them up in the seedy clubs, it wasn't long before Z had a roster of girls. Z's clientèle usually consisted of high worth business professionals, which in turn gave Z Industries a perceived exclusivity, enabling Z to charge at a premium. Z had little trouble with people paying up, and suspected his reputation had something to do with this. The riskier customers were the top ranking criminal bosses whom lax drugs always caught on to the girls.

Something was bothering Z though, the pressures of a new business had taken so much of his time, that he had barely time to think about fucking, let alone doing the fucking. It would have to wait - Z had to come around to finding a room mate, for another potential income stream.

*

The first tenant was set to view the spare room in 15 minutes; Z had just finished working out, hitting a new squat personal best of 200KG.

The first tenant buzzed and Z let him in. Like Z this guy was big but after talking Z didn't really feel he could live with him. He seemed far too uptight. Z saw 4 more tenants but none really stuck out. The last tenant buzzed the bell; Z opened the door to a very cute potential tenant. Z ushered him in, and they both took a seat on the couch. 

"So, who are you?" Z asked, keeping his piercing eyes on the boyish man sitting opposite him. 

"I'm Sam Sands. I really need a place to live near where I work." Replied Sam, a bit off put by the intense glare he was receiving. 

Z could sense this kid was nervous, Z his Gaydar was flying of the charts. Damn, this bitch was everything Z looked for in his sluts. Straight acting, maybe bi-curious, never been with a guy but wouldn't put up much of a fight, and even if he did it wouldn't be much good. Sam stood at no more than 5ft9, and his small frame was punctuated by the slight curves of his waist and an ever so slight V. Z couldn't imagine this kid being more than 10st5. Feather light, easy for Z to pick up and manoeuvre at will. 

Their eyes lingered, holding their gaze, Z eyeing up new prey with opportunistic lust. Sam didn't have the confidence to keep the eye contact and fidgeted uncomfortably looking around. 

"You're aware Sandie that this room is £1.5k per month, you don't look like you earn a lot, what do you do?" fully aware of the belittling tone he took. 

"Er, its Sam Sands" Sam managed to squeak out, a bit red having never been called such a feminine name.

"Well I do a lot of bar work, but I'm just out of Uni, and hoping to get a job in pharmaceuticals. My parents will help me with rent, so it's ok" Sam tried to sound reassuring yet firm in his stance. 

Z chuckled to himself, but revealed no such smile at this preppy little bitchboy correcting him. Sandie was sitting bolt upright pushing his chest out, trying to appear more dominant, when Z thought he should be sticking his ass out. No way was this kid going to escape a fucking. 

"Are you in a relationship, Sandie?" inquired Z. 

"Actually I broke up with my girlfriend a month or so ago, that's why I want to move, a new start." Sam, wasn't much keen of Z insistence on calling him Sandie. Nor was he keen on the personal question, but he answered just to show he was straight to avoid any confusion.

Being very small and very smooth and fair skinned, it hadn't been the first time he'd been asked if he was gay. He'd even had to fend off an older man, who kept complimenting his figure, and got a bit handsy at the bar. But Sam looked at Z and didn't think it'd be much good, Z was a hulk of a man, his intimidating aura backed up by the faint scars that dotted his face. He filled out his clothes and his arms were easily the size of one of Sams thighs. In fact the difference in size made Sam think they were different species. 

Whilst Sandie spoke Z couldn't help but let his eyes wander from Sandie's longish brown hair, down to his cute green eyes, to his reddish lips, and a smooth milky baby face, past a petite torso, to his small arms with the faintest hint of some muscle, but devoid of any hair, down to his skinny jeans, which gave no hint of a bulge. Z knew this boy's dick could be no bigger than 5 inches; he might as well get use to a real dick. Z thought to himself that he'd be doing the kid a favour. 

"Why don't you come have a look at the room," Z said with authority as he stood. 

Sam obeyed and really saw the difference between him and Z. Z was three of him side by side, and nearly a foot a taller than himself. He felt dwarfed by this monster of a man. What made matters worse, Z had a strong smell of sweat, and was wearing very little, he'd clearly been working out, but the shorts he wore, which should have been baggy, clung to his things, and the lycra vest he wore was on the verge of ripping in two, or so Sam thought. Nevertheless he followed Z from the living room area into a room on the left. Z ushered him in and Sam had to squeeze through the gap. But once in, it was a very nice room albeit simple. The furniture was white, the sheets were red and there was an en-suite. Overall nothing fancy, the only thing of relative notice was a make-up stand with a mirror there, but Sam just assumed Z was looking for both female and male tenants so didn't think too much of it. 

Letting Sandie view the apartment was the perfect guise for Z to check out the rest of Sandie's body. As Sandie brushed past Z, and walked past him, Z sized up the kids cute little booty. Dirty images flashed across Z mind, Sandie bent over being stretched to impossible limits. Sandie's ass like the rest of him was small, but it was perky, Z thought with a few more squats he could have had a very feminine figure. He might even make it as one of Z's girls - maybe a new niche to explore.

Z and Sam made some small talk for the next 15 minutes and took all the details down, before Sam said he'd have to talk to his parents, and promised Z he'd come back tomorrow if he wanted to finalise the deal. 

For the rest of the day, Z was left feeling sorry for himself for not finding a way up inside Sandie. 

*

10pm the following day Z got a phone call from Sam.

"Hey Z, I really like the apartment but there's no way I can afford it, my parents won't pay that much" Sam had said.

Z didn't think this sounded very genuine, and invited Sam back over so they could discuss the rent arrangements. Z just had to get inside this kid, his previous career had made him a powerful negotiator and nothing would stand in his way, even if Z had to use force. 

The buzzer went off not long after and Z let Sandie in with a big smile. Sandie was reluctant to come over, he felt like it'd be difficult to come live with Z, but he didn't have the heart to just not come. 

Sam walked in past Z, once again Z was treated to watching Sams tight little booty sway ever so slightly with each step. Z felt his dick growing at the thought, and tucked his thick dick to the left. 

Like yesterday they sat opposite each other, Z again wore shorts and a vest after he'd finished his workout. Sam sat there in a low cut white t-shirt, and black ripped skinny jeans. Z thought that a nice pair of perky tits would go nicely with that t-shirt. 

"I would really like to live here, this is a great place, but can't afford it" Sam broke out, but noticed something strange with Z shorts. He thought for a second he saw the head of a penis in Z's left shorts hole, but it couldn't have been. He couldn't see it now, relaxing a bit and dismissing the thought. 

Little did he know that this was Z's master plan. Z intentionally sat down so his dick could be visible from his shorts. He would slowly opened up as Sandie spoke, trying to get the fag to catch a look at his big dick. 

"How much can you pay Sandie?" Z asked, again manoeuvring his crotch so his prick was ever so slightly visible. 

"I can get roughly 1k a month, and my parents will contribute half of whatever I pay", Blushed Sam, the embarrassment of being called Sandie, hitting him hard. 

Yet again, Sam could have sworn more so than before he saw some snake in the big guys trousers, the fact he kept seeing it made Sam so much more uncomfortable and a deeper shade of red.

"1.5k will do, and you can make up the other £500, by doing all the household chores. This place at £2k is a gift, you won't find anywhere better Sandy", Z icily starred at Sandy, his dick hardening at the sight of Sam becoming even more flustered by the sight of his big manly dick. 

This is how Z liked his bitches, reluctant. They always made the best types, and could be coerced to do anything within time.

"If you lean over the couch there's a contract for you to sign" said, Z as he watched Sandie mull it over. 

Sam sat there very uncomfortably, he felt like he had no option to sign the contract after Z had been so generous. Plus, how messy could the place get he thought to himself, he didn't mind cleaning up, he'd been used to it at work and back home. in a moment of impulsiveness Sam decided mentally to sign. He could always stay in his room if he didn't like Z.

"Erm, ok Z, I'll sign" Sam bent over the couch to pick up the contract, which he found to be on the window sill, behind the sofa.

For the first time Sam got a view of the outside from this window which presented a vast metropolitan area. He imagined he'd have a few new rich neighbours, much like his parents. 

Z got the greatest view yet of Sandy little ass, bent over the couch, he couldn't help himself from give himself a few quick strokes. 

Sam waited a moment, read through it quickly, and signed. There was a request to leave some ID on the contract, complying Sam took out his driving licence from his wallet. Sam turned back around to face Z, to make sure he was right about the ID.

However Z was no longer sitting there in shorts. Now he was standing there naked, from the waist down, stroking what had to be the one of the thickest dicks Sam had ever seen. Sam stumped for words, feeling a huge pit of awkwardness and embarrassment in his stomach, immediately thinking he may come to regret signing the contract. 

"I couldn't help myself, seeing you bent over like that, got me all worked up" Z said, taking a big step towards the now squirming in his seat Sandie.

"Oh, shit, what the, er, fuck, are you doing Z?" Sam tried to say with power, but he was scared of this hulking figure. Though an involuntarily lick of the lips escaped his lips. 

Although Sam classified as straight, he'd never seen another guy's dick before - let alone one this big. Sam couldn't help but feeling kind of impressed and terrified at the same time. 

"You like this big piece of meat do you Sandie?" Z jested.

Z attentive as ever had seen Sam lick his lips, and took the hint to make another big step towards the boy. So big was the step that his cock hit the forehead of his soon-to-be new slut. 

Sam felt the big prick knock him in the head, but it didn't feel like a dick, it felt like a small child had just punched his head. 

"Look Z, I'm not gay, I've never, I didn't know this was what you wanted from a room-mate! I'm sorry for leading you on!" Standing up ready to make a move Sam exclaimed. 

"I can tell you like this dick, don't make this hard for yourself. You have 2 options, be my boy, take this dick and learn to like it. OR, I'll be raping that ass daily, either way you're leaving without getting fucked."

Sam panicking now, sweating at the brow, made quick, shoving Z and moving towards the exit. But this was to no avail, Z didn't move a footstep, he caught both Sam's hands, in one of his mighty paws, and held them high up above Sam's head. 

Next thing Sam realised he was being kissed roughly by the hulking man. Sam had never been kissed like this before, he tried to resist but he could feel himself melting into Z, Z's tongue probed his mouth, filled with animalistic lust. 

Z's free hand went for his prize, roughly finding his big hand down the back of the poor kid's trousers. Sam meanwhile, so intoxicated by the kiss didn't realise Z's big hand. His body betrayed him, he could feel his dick standing to attention, all 4.5" of it.

Z found the entrance to Sandie's hole, warm, hairless and tight, what a catch thought Z, whom was far too turned on to spare the boys hole any feelings of generosity.

Z's big white middle finger, split past the hole, and probed deep up in the boy. Sandie's anal canal was no match for Z strong lubeless finger. 

Sams jolted back to reality with a muffled cry into Z mouth Desperately he tried to pull away from Z. But Z was unrelenting, powerful, and determined. 

Without a word Z hoisted Sandie up with both arms, without removing the finger firmly lodged up the boys future love canal. Ignoring the squeals of his new boy. 

"Please I can't you'll rip me in two with that thing, I've never done this before."

"I'm desperate to cum. You had a choice, you chose wrong. You'll learn the hard way not to fuck up around me." Z said unapologetically. 

Z planted Sandie down on the bed, missionary, while Sandie still fought hard against the inevitable. 

Z couldn't wait any longer, he had to fuck. Overtaken by lust Z ripped his finger from his new whore's ass hole and did away with the boyslut's trousers, to reveal two pale almost hairless legs.No time to admire this kid now, Sandie's legs placed over each one of Z shoulders. Sandie struggled underneath the powerful bull atop him, biting the shoulder of Z, but to no avail. 

Z just carried on, the shoulder biting only increasing his appetite for destruction. The bulbous prick head found the entrance and with an almighty thrust found entrance into his new pussy. No lube, and barely any warm out, the kids asshole opened up almost too easily - Z knew in that moment this kid was special. 

An almighty blood curdling scream escaped Sandie's lips but was quickly muffled by Z's big hand across his mouth. A blinding pain at his once virginal asshole encapsulated his whole body. Lost in the pain, his scream stopped quick, almost as if the oxygen being brutally fucked out of him. Though even if he could scream Z hand muffled any sound that could escape.

With another all mighty thrust 4 inches of Z dick sunk into the newly pussy. Sandie's ass contorted to the shape of the manly invader. 

Out the prick went, only to be shoved with equal force back in, but Z unable to break the resistance of the boys ass settled for fucking the slut with 4 inches of shaft and the head.

Plenty of time to teach this bitch to take it all Z thought as he pounded on. Don't want to kill the poor lad Z thought. 

Sandie fell quiet, Z's big hand was no longer a suffocating presence. The only noise to come from Sandie was the involuntary deep groan of being speared onto the biggest prick he'd even known. 

God knows how much was in him, Sandie thought defeated. Only 20 minutes ago had his ass had the beautiful untouched look. God knows what it looked like now, would it ever shrink back to normal size.

Z could feel his big balls swell in anticipation of dropping a huge load, mindful of the fact the ass beneath was beginning to swallow up more of his cock, Z now had 5 inches of his 9inches crammed in Sandie.

But Z could hold no longer, with one last deep thrust, leaving another inch solidly buried in Sandie, his balls erupted squirting copious amount of man goo all inside the young bitch freshly devirginised ass hole. 

Z heart rate calmed, and he looked up to the ceiling with sense of triumph. IT was going to be a good week, and a week of new beginnings for the little pink holes of Sandie crumpled below Z. 

*****

Thanks for reading, pt2 up soon. Will hopefully develop the relationship more.