 My world was upside down. I was in my early twenties, my parents had died in a car accident a year earlier and I took possession of the house. It was paid for so all I had to do was pay taxes and utilities. I had a girlfriend but that was a loose relationship more than a committed one. In fact I had just walked in on her fucking some guy at her kitchen table. He was in a chair and she was on his lap with his cock balls deep with her wearing her high school cheerleaders uniform. 

I stood where neither could see me and I saw her rise and fall onto his cock as she removed her sweater revealing her perfect tits. His response was to dive into her breasts and start licking, biting and sucking on them rather aggressively, which she apparently loved by the moans of approval she let out. 

Now, Heather hated it when I barged in on her, as she put it, so I quietly left closing the door behind me, quietly as she had her first orgasm. She would be busy for a while, so I went home. Only, when I got home the cold snap caused the water mains to break and my driveway, being downhill was a torrent of running water pouring into my basement. Luckily no water entered the main floor of the house, but the resulting flood hit the breaker box in the basement and caused the power to my house to go off. It was a mess. 

My basement was flooded for a few days and my electrical system was fried requiring an electrician to rewire my house. Luckily the city paid for it as well as paid me two million in damages to keep me from suing them, had I the funds to hire a lawyer it would have been years of legal battles, which I would have won. As it was this was 'hush' money because the last thing the city needed was a protracted law suit. I also got an additional million from the company hired to put in the main, also to keep me quiet. 

So I was pretty much set, except for the fact that I was without electricity. As it was late autumn a chill was in the air and the only heat I had was the fire place in the living room. I had the fire going when I was awake or if I was sleeping on the couch as it was an old fashioned open fireplace and I didn't want to burn down the house. 

The basement was dried out by the city crews and the electrical company that did the city contract work sent one guy to rewire the house. Now I was not happy about them sending one guy because, I believed it would take weeks and weeks with just one guy. As it turned out I did not mind it...once we got acquainted... in ways I did not expect. The water had been turned on and I had water, just no hot water. 

The day the water came on Joey, the electrician, arrived. I was annoyed by the fact that only one guy was assigned to fix the wiring. He was nice enough, fit and he was good loo king. Only I wasn't in the mood to notice. I showed him around and then took him to the basement where he assessed the situation and then got his tools and equipment starting right in. The first day was spent with him in the basement and me near the fire. I sorely needed coffee but as I needed electricity to make coffee, I went out for coffee asking Joey if he wanted some. He said sure and I was off. 

While I was out I found myself thinking of Joey in ways I normally think of girls, only I brushed that aside thinking it was absurd. He was straight and there was no way I was gay. Though I must admit that I kept a large dildo in my closet for those times I wanted a cock up my ass, I had also sucked the cock of a quarter back from a neighboring school in another town. We usually met on a back road somewhere and then drove to a camp site used by deer hunters. There he would sit on the tail gate and I would suck his cock. We never went further though I wanted to, but I was too afraid to ask him to fuck me.

Curiosity had been present but the courage to pursue full knowledge was lacking. I was curious more toward the bottom end of such experiences. I wanted to suck a cock and feel a nice, hard, long cock in my ass...shooting cum into me. I had started wondering about Joey that way. 

When I came back with the coffee Joey met me in the living room where the fire was going because it was the warmest room in the house. Somewhere during our coffee we struck up a casual conversation and enjoyed the warmth of the fire. We didn't say much but talked about random stupid shit that came to mind. This became our ritual over the first few days and we got to know each other pretty well. Then one day Joey brought the coffee with him and we had our coffee in the living room as usual. I'd already had the fire started and the room was toasty only Joey was kind of down, but I didn't ask about it not wanting to butt in. 

We talked for a bit finishing up so that he could get about his job. As he stood up he looked at me curiously, debating about whether or not to say what was on his mind. "Can I ask you something? Something kind of personal." I nodded feeling a weird zing of excitement and nervousness hit me. "Are you Bi?" I was struck dumb, both excited and frightened at the same time and my mouth dropped open but I couldn't speak, but I nodded as if to say 'yes'. 

He smiled warmly and said "Don't worry, I'm gay, I was just curious because yesterday I was running wire through the closet and had to move a few boxes out of the way and, well, your..um...toy fell down and hit me in the face." 

My face must have gone white with shock because he smiled at me warmly "You remind me of my ex boyfriend. We broke up when he moved away and we lost track. Anyway I was curious to know if, maybe...Um...we could see if 'things'...well...could happen between us." He was now turning red with embarrassment. I sighed in relief because now I knew he was interested in me. 

"I'm mostly curious Joey. I've never been with a man like that before. W-what would you like to see happen?" 

He was nervous now and I could see his snake like cock in his pant leg inflating. "Well, I'm a 'top' which means I'm the guy in whatever happens. Do you know what that means?" he asked nervously. 

I nodded and gulped growing excited and nervous. "What do you want to happen?" I was smiling, but inside I was frightened and excited of what might well occur. Was I at long last going to get fucked?

Joey looked at me like a shy boy and spoke softly. "I want to do it all. It's been so long and the only places I go to get 'action' are so far away I don't get there often. Besides I've been busy with my job so I don't get out much anymore.' he paused 'When we met that first day I wasn't sure if you were, like me or not. Anyway, I liked what I saw and your dildo hitting my face was...telling." Then as if hit with a surge of boldness "It told me you like anal sex, receiving...and...I, um...like to give.' he sighed afraid that he'd said too much but continued on 'I figured we could um...talk about it and, uh...and' he swallowed 'see what happens." 

I swallowed, unable to speak because of the frog in my throat caused by the fact that I had just been told by a man, that he wanted to fuck me. I couldn't very well say I was offended but I couldn't talk, but I managed a nod and a smile, though a nervous one. He turned red and I could see he was nearly tearing up thinking I was rejecting him. It then became clear that he was lonely. Then he said quickly, "Uh, Um...I'm sorry...I shouldn't have said anything. It's...its...just I, um...I like you and maybe hoped that, um...that..." his voice broke off then continued..."I'll get the boss to send someone else...I don't want to make you uncomfortable knowing how I think about you." 

I broke out of my nervous revere and walked up to him. "Joey, it's okay. I want to talk about it, more than you realize.' I grabbed his arm 'Its okay...please stay." 

He sighed relieved and said "Really? Y-you want to talk about it?" 

It was then something inside me changed. I didn't want to just talk, but I knew we had to move slow and not jump head long into something like that. So I nodded my head, as if to say yes, then said. "I'd like to talk about it and, and...see where it goes". 

He put an arm on my shoulder and smiled. "I'm glad. I realize this is kind of sudden, but I'm glad I asked. Only I can't talk right now, as much as I'd like to, my boss is coming by to inspect the work I've done. Once he's gone maybe we can talk then. Okay?" 

His boss showed up ten minutes later and spent nearly an hour looking over the work done so far. In that time I went to the bathroom, took a cold shower, and cleansed myself just in case our talk turned into more than just a talk. 

I had put on some jeans and a sweat shirt for the ease of removal just in case and went to the living room as I heard the front door close. They talked for about twenty minutes outside discussing the project before Joey came back in with his tool belt knocking his tools together as he walked. He came in and stood in the doorway and smiled nervously, not quite sure where our talk was going to go, or how far. He took his belt off and hung it over a chair and took his normal spot on the couch. We looked at each other for a bit before I sat on a chair in front of him. "Joey, I haven't been totally honest about being with guy before. I used to know a guy from the next town, a football player, I used to suck his cock once in a while, but that is as far as it went. I wanted more...but I never said anything and neither did he, so it went on like that until he left. So, if you are willing to be patient and gentle...we could see how things go." 

Joey, sat back his mouth open clearly surprised. "Y-you, you realize I'm a top only right?' I nodded he smiled 'That I like to...be the guy...and to give?" I nodded. He leaned in and smirked "So...you want me to fuck you and bury my cock inside you?" I nodded my approval. 

With the look he gave me I knelt in front of him and said "I also want to suck your cock Joey". He stood, unbuttoned his jeans and peeled them off. Kicking them away I saw his perfect, cut cock dangling 8" of meat as it grew firm and became 11" of naked cock. 

Leaving his flannel shirt on his cock grew rather quickly so that it pointed straight out. It was if I was with the football player again and I reached out and took it in my hand. My tongue stroked the underside as my one hand held onto his thigh for stability. Then I laid my lips against the underbelly and sucked and licked my way up the shaft. When I made it to the head I simply took him into my mouth and slowly got used to his size and girth getting used to having his cock in my mouth again I began to remember but I kept a slow pace. His sighs of satisfaction were nice as the football player never made much noise. 

I liked that I was pleasing him. "Uhm..I'm not going to last long because, its been a while and, and you are so fucking good at this...just a heads up" I slid my mouth down onto him deeper and lengthened my strokes. His cock hit the back of my throat but I couldn't take him further...not yet. He did not seem to mind. I was getting used to sucking cock again. In the end of my meetings with the football player I had swallowed his cum a few times...and didn't mind it all that much. I had not been able to deep throat him mostly because the time we spent together was never long enough to do more than get him off. 

Pulling off of Joey I spoke "Its been a while for me doing this, I'm not quite ready to let you cum in my mouth, so when you are about to cum please let me know." I then took him back into my mouth and began to pump him in and out. It wasn't very long before he was tapping my shoulder indicating that it was time...so I pulled off and stroked his cock as he moaned softly...when he let out a moaning..."Im cumming" and came I had since grabbed a towel and he blew his cum into it...so that we didn't make a mess. What I can say is that he unloaded a whole lot more than I expected and kept jerking and spurting his cum for a good 15-30 seconds as he moaned his release. 

When he was done he fell to his knees and pulled me to him in a hug. "Th-thank you for that" he said softly so only I could hear it. Panting and moaning approval he kept his arms around me. "I-um have to get a few jobs done so when my boss comes back...and inspects the work. Otherwise...I'd fuck you the minute I recovered." I looked up at the clock on the wall and it read 9:00 a.m. He held onto me a few minutes longer then said "Could you do me a favor?" I nodded but said nothing "Could you walk around today without any pants on...no underwear either? I want to see what I'm going to be fucking...knowing that you want what I am going to give you." 

'

I liked the idea and agreed. "Anything you want" I answered. He then released me and we stood up. I peeled off my jeans and he put on his jeans and tool belt again. He pulled me close to him in a hug, he apparently liked hugging, and stroked my bare ass cupping my cheeks with a moan of appreciation. 

He turned and walked away, turned and said "Oh, when my boss shows up...you might want to disappear into the bathroom or something. He might not understand why you are walking around with no pants on." he then winked, smiled and went about his business. 

Around noon I heard Joeys phone ring, he answered it and spoke for a few minutes to his boss apparently. I heard the camera working as he took photos of the work he had been doing...and his bosses voice on the speaker "Ok, that looks good. I won't be there today, I've been called into the corporate office over a bid for a new job. It should keep us busy for a while. Get those jobs done by lunch tomorrow, and I'll inspect them then. You cut off work at...say...4-today. Okay? No over-time. We have to watch the budget on these insurance jobs." I heard Joey say good bye and hang up his phone. 

I heard his tool belt land on my washing machine and the sound of his jeans being laid on top of his belt. His boots were off and his shirt open showing me a very muscular build and a cock that was growing. "Rich' he said, 'my boss did a visual inspection over the phone, so he won't be coming in today. ' he looked at me in a way that suggested that he was hungry for something...and it wasn't food. 'I'm on lunch break...until...4:00". He walked to the front door and I heard the dead bolt lock and the chain fall into the slot. 

I took off my sweatshirt so I was completely naked . Joey walked up to me and pulled me to him he then slid a hand down my back and did what no other man had done and kissed me. I was stunned at how awkward it wasn't and returned his kiss. I felt his hardness press against my belly as he pulled me even closer. Then without warning he...spun me around and started to kiss and nibble on my neck shoulders "I'm off the clock at 4...so you are my lunch, dinner and desert."

I leaned back against him and let the heat of his skin touch my back as his cock pressed against my ass. "Joey...how long as it been for you since you've done this?"

Placing his forehead on the back of my head he said "Two years. It was the day my boyfriend moved away. I simply haven't wanted anyone else that way,' he kissed my shoulder and neck...'until now."

We stood in the living room his arms around my body and his cock prodding my low back and occasionally pressing against my entrance. He kissed and licked my neck, ears and shoulders as he worked up to the point where our passions simply could no longer resist the urge to connect physically. I wanted him...but my passions were too rich...too full to allow me speech, that is until I simply had to beg him to fuck me. "Joey...Joey...I want you to fuck me...and empty your balls into me." 

"Here?" he asked. 

"Yes, yes...right here...now" 

He had as I discovered lubed himself while we were standing there. I discovered this when his cock parted my cheeks...and found its way to my entrance. He then lifted me up into the air, his cock still touching my entrance and pulled me back against his chest. In a quavering voice he said "As I let you down try to push me out...that will open yourself up to me and I'll lower your body down onto me. Hopefully it won't be too uncomfortable." He finished by kissing my shoulder. I opened myself up to him and he slowly let me drop onto him. At first the pressure increased as I pushed out more and more...then with a shock...that was anything but painful I felt his head pop into me. 

My eyes popped open as I experienced for the first time a flesh and blood cock entering me. I gasped in a blissful release as I began to realize what I had been missing. Joey tensed and stopped moving in to ask "You okay? Should I stop?" I felt his arms tighten against me.

My response to him was to lean back and place my hands onto his embracing arms and say "God...no...I want you inside me...all of you" and I turned to kiss his neck as he let my body drop down some more as several inches of his magnificent cock burrowed deeper into me the sensation of which caused me to moan "Joey...ohhh Joey..." Over the course of several minutes I felt his cock penetrate me...and my body responded with a shock of passion that exploded inside me in what could only be bliss. My reaction was a whispered moan into his ear "more, more please...more."

He responded with that conversation ceased for the next few minutes as his hardness impaled me further reaching its deepest depth. 

Once I felt the hardness of his pubic bone touch my cheeks I moaned my approval. Slowly he released my upper body and let it fall to the back of the couch. My feet were just barely touching the floor with my body suspended by our connection at the hip. I felt him tremble from the excitement he was feeling as his warm rough hands slid down my back to my waiting hips where he took a firm grip. It was at that moment that I began to notice I could feel his entire length, every inch of his shaft resting inside me. I could also feel the pulse of his heartbeat, the heat of his blood engorged cock as it mixed with my own body heat. I pushed myself back onto his shaft and felt the last inch or so penetrate even deeper. I exploded in a blissful spasm of something I'd never felt before, like an orgasm yet I did not 'cum' in the traditional sense. Lifting my head in ecstatic bliss I called his name softly yet passionately "Joey...Joey" I felt him grind hard against my ass cheeks driving himself that much deeper sending me over another edge of bliss causing me to beg for more as my senses exploded from our connection. "Again...do that again please" I moaned. 

He was at a loss for words as he leaned in and folded his body over mine as it was bent over the couch kissing my neck and shoulders as he rotated his pelvis against mine grinding himself harder and harder as the energy between us grew. He then moaned "I'm...I'm...Oh..babe...babe..." and his words faded out as he began to slowly pump himself in and out standing up and placing his hands on my hips again pulling out so just his head remained inside me. He then slowly buried his cock into me again in a blissfully agonizing slow pace until I felt his pubic bone against me again. 

I was a blissed-out mess, I'd never felt such passion before that moment as I pushed myself back onto his cock feeling him go just that much deeper. "Mmmmm...Ohhhh Joey" I whispered as I rotated my ass over his cock. He responded with a firmer grip on my hips and ground his pelvis against my ass driving himself deep. By rotating my hips I could feel his cock moving just enough to want to keep doing it. 

Joey moaned "If you keep doing that I'm going to cum before I can fuck you properly". 

My response was "Then fuck me" He said nothing but pulled my hips back onto him and started to pull out his full length leaving the head of his cock just inside...and then he buried his cock into me in one slow but constant motion until I felt his pelvis hit my ass, just as he started to pull out...all the way...then without hesitation he drove his cock deep again...each time he did this the return stroke was just a little faster, and faster still...until he was fucking me so that he came against me with a Puk..puk..puk...as our skin came together. I was in heaven I swear I could feel his entire shaft sliding against my inner sheath. He came to a nice rhythm where he was moving in and out with a mix of full length shaft strokes and quick half strokes his stamina was great given that I had sucked his cock that morning. 
