 Mary and Carol were friends and their husbands were on the police force. Their husbands Jeff and Mike were on assignment together most of the time. Mary and Carol shared many private things about their private lives including their sexual habits with their husbands. Recently they joined an exclusive online group about invigorating their sex lives. 

The online group was hosted by someone named Ann. After a few sessions Ann recognized the descriptions of Mary and Carol's husbands as the traffic cops who gave her a speeding ticket. When they gave her license back it dropped between her legs and bounced down her skirt, as she was still sitting in her car and she had a short skirt. The officer had watched her retrieve the license and got a good look at her panties and crotch. 

During the sessions Mary and Carol both admitted kissing their husbands after sucking on their cocks and no doubt they tasted a little of their own juices. Ann suggested as foreplay they could take the drops of pre-cum, spread them on their nipples and have Jeff and Mike lick it off during their foreplay.

The very next session Mary and Carol revealed that had been very intimate foreplay. Ann then suggested they could spread the pre-cum on their husbands' lips, let them lick their lips well and then kiss them.

Soon Mary and Carol had them ejaculating cum onto their tits, spreading it on the nipples and sensuously sucking them dry. First they had to talk them into tasting the cum, and little by little they started licking it up.

Ann suggested they get smooth dildos, masturbate with them and let their husbands suck and lick the pussy juice off of them. Then she said put the pre-cum on the dildo and let them lick and suck. This gave them days of new things to try. Mike and Jeff went all out for it. These new experiences were only shared between Carol, Mary and Ann. After many more days of this play they spread the cum on the dildos and Mike and Jeff learned to eagerly suck. 

Ann suggested they get realistic penis looking dildos with balls. So after a while they gradually got Jeff and Mike to suck their own juices off of the dildos. Then they learned to kiss and suck the balls for the pleasure of their wives. They would cum on their wives belly then spread the cum on the dildo and suck it clean.

During one of the sessions Ann said, "Get them to imagine the dildos are their friend's cock, and suck them with passion. They should say sexy things while they are doing it, like, Hmmm it tastes good, and, nice looking cock, beautiful cock head, nice balls, and things like that. Get them to imagine it and visualize it all."

Jeff and Mike knew nothing about their wives online sessions and thought this was only between them and their wives.

One evening they were on duty parked near one of their favorite spots near where teenagers took their dates to park. They were sitting in the dark. Mike said, "Let's look at the pictures again from the last time." He was talking about the last time they caught teens in the act, came up with a flashlight and told them to freeze. Behind the bright flashlights, they had a camera getting some very good pictures.

Jeff produced his iphone and showed some very good high definition pictures of the young woman's spread legs in detail. The pictures were enhanced. "She was a nice one huh?"

Mike said, "I hope we can get more like that. Show some more."

Jeff showed more and said, "This is making me hard just looking."

"Me too."

"Pull it out if you want to." Jeff looked at his partner's stiff bulge. 

Mike said, "I will if you will."

Soon they had their fully erect dicks out. Jeff said, "You look so hard you could hammer with it."

Mike said, "Yeah I could swear if it gets any harder it will burst. Feel it and see if you want."

Hesitantly Jeff reached over and touched it. "It is hard."

Mike said, "Squeeze it and see."

Jeff squeezed it and some pre-cum formed on the top.

Mike said, "Have you ever tasted pre-cum?"

Jeff admitted, "Yes."

Mike said, "Pretty good isn't it?"

"So you have too?"

Mike said, "Yes, go ahead get that drop for me."

Hesitantly Jeff scooped the drop of pre-cum off Mike's dick with the crook of his finger tip and wound the string of pre-cum around his finger tip and brought it to his mouth. "It tastes good."

By this time Mike had reached over and was holding Jeff's dick. "Man you are as hard as a rock." He squeezed it and stroked it a little. Immediately a pre-cum drop formed. He scooped it up and put it to his mouth. "Hmm you should have told me it was so good."

They both kept after the pre-cum. Jeff said, "Your clear drops are starting to get a little white and milky. Can I get that?"

Mike said, "Go ahead." To his surprise Jeff leaned over and took it with his tongue, forming his lips fishlike over the dick head and started sucking to get more. He twirled his tongue around the tip to tease out some more. Then he traced his tongue around the glans edges, then the pee hole, letting the head of the dick more into his mouth, and finally all the way to the back of his mouth where he had learned to push and pump the dick with the back of his throat. Mike could not hold it any longer and soon Jeff had a load of his friend's cum in pooled in the back of his mouth. He savored it and let Mike see him move it all around on his tongue and then swallow it. Then he sucked Mike's cock dry.

Jeff leaned back a little to display his hard on. Mike grabbed it and felt how hard it was while Jeff reacted with a little thrust in Mike's hand. Mike leaned over and said, "Yours has a little white in the drop." Without asking he leaned over and tongued the drop into his mouth. "Man that is good!" He let it slide on his lips and into his mouth, he ran the head of the dick around his lips and counter swirled his tongue around it. He held it out and Mike licked the piss hole to let Jeff see, then he took the head in his mouth and sucked real hard tonguing the crown of the dick. He plunged his mouth over it all the way to the back tasting it with his tongue, and feeling the firm vein with his tongue. Jeff came hard into Mike's mouth. Mike could feel the cum pumping through the vein. The pool of cum in the back of his mouth felt great and he could taste some of it on his tongue. He swished it around in his mouth so Jeff could see and then swallowed. He kissed the dick and sucked it dry.

Jeff said, "Felt good. You are great."

Mike said, "Your are great too."

They stroked each others dicks as they softened and caressed the balls before they pulled their pants back up.

Carol and Mary each bought some thin slick dildos that could be pumped up. They planned to train their men to take the dildos down the throat and learn to deep throat. All it took was a little more foreplay and cum. Soon they were practicing this daily and sharing results with Ann.

Jeff and Mike got a new undercover assignment. They were to stake out a park known for gay cruising, but also for drugs. Their mission was to identify what kind of drugs, how the drugs were distributed, and who the drug pushers are if they could.

On their first night it seemed they were too early. It was just barely dark. They pulled down a short dark trail off the dark corner of the lot where no one would see. They got out a blanket. Each pulled the others trousers and underwear down, as they were now in the habit and frequently sucking each other off. This time they laid on the blanket face to face tonguing each other's dick, holding a butt cheek with one hand and massaging the balls with the other. They mimicked each other and each tried to keep the same intensity and paced their arousing to each other. Jeff took Mike's dick head into his throat a little way with a swallowing action on the dick head and then pulled on the dick head with his throat as he pulled the dick out again. Mike said, "Wow that felt great!"

Then Mike did the same thing, taking Jeff's dick partly down his throat and massaged it with his throat muscles. Jeff exclaimed, "Man you are getting better every day, you are fantastic."

Each one got more and more aroused and their dicks got harder and harder until they couldn't stand it and they both orgasmed at the same time with a load of cum. They both took the cum directly down their throats feeling the veins expand and pump in their throats. 

Hearing a movement to the side they saw a clean cut guy looking at them. He said, "Wow you guys are good."

Mike and Jeff both were embarrassed and did not know how to react so they stayed silent while they pulled their pants back on.

The stranger said, "Hey I know where you can get some pills."

Mike and Jeff were suddenly back on their game. "Where?"

He said, "after seeing what you were doing let's make a deal, I will take you to meet them if you do that to me," and he pulled his pants down revealing a hardening dick. His underwear was clean and the guy was clean cut so Jeff said, "Ok bring it here."

The stranger said, "Both of you or no deal, and suck my balls also."

Mike and Jeff got on their knees with the stranger's dick in their faces. They took turns sucking the dick. Then each took a ball completely into their mouth so their lips touched like kissing with balls in their mouth. The stranger told them to reach as far back as they could with their tongues while sucking the balls good. They did as requested. Jeff got a little taste of the anal wrinkles and felt Mike's tongue there as well. They hadn't even done this to themselves yet, but now they would. They sucked the dick some more and he had them holding his ass cheeks while they did. He swiveled his dick between both sets of their lips. It was like they were kissing with a dick in between. Mike and Jeff had been so personal with each other that it didn't bother them. When they guy started to shoot his cum he swiveled his dick head between the two open mouths so each one got some. When they swallowed he gently pushed his dick down each throat and groaned how good it felt.

Zipping up the stranger said come with me and I will bring you to these guys.

Back at their houses Carol and Mary had new toys for them to use in fore play. They were a dildo with cock and balls but with a new style that had an asshole below the balls and a handful of butt cheeks. It had a realistic size and firmness. You could actually squeeze a finger into the anal opening which had wrinkles built in.

Mike and Jeff followed the stranger. They met a small group of men from their 20s to 40s in age. They weren't dressed as well as the first guy but they did not appear filthy. After conversation as to what kind of pills they were looking for they were asked if they wanted samples. Mike and Jeff both said they did want some samples. They were given some date rape pills but not told what they would do. They guys would give them this and later would inject them with something that would make them high for the whole next day, and then they would come back and beg for more.

They had to suck the guys off. Mike and Jeff took turns and sucked each dick off, and sucked the balls. Their lips came together on each one like they had done with the first guy. On one occasion Mike had a cum drop left on his lip and Jeff licked it off very sensuously. Mike and Jeff deep throated each cock. They shared and swallowed the cum of each one of them.

They were given a pretty strong dose of the date rape drug. They had earned the extra dosage. When they were really out of it their pants were pulled down on a movie camera and they were laid over a nearby log. Some anal lube was brought out and each man with a new hard on pushed his dick into Mike and Jeff's assholes, sometimes back and forth from Jeff to Mike and back.

It took a couple days before all of the effects wore off. Soon after Mike and Jeff got into anal sex and sodomized each other.

A few days later they showed back up to the park area, and no one was there. The first stranger showed back up. Now again he offered to show them where to find the people and the drugs. First he had a chore for them. All three of them stripped down. Mike and Jeff sucked his dick and balls again, but now he laid back on his back and pulled his knees up to expose his ass and balls. He got them to kiss and lick his ass cheeks, then lick his asshole. Then he told them to put a rubber on his dick and get in doggie position. He lubed their asses and fucked one then the other and back again on a movie camera. When he was about to cum, he told them to take the rubber off and throw it to the side and suck his dick and balls. He swiveled his dick in the corner of their mouths while he told them to tongue his dick head while sucking their tongues. He came in both mouths and then stuck his dick down both throats while they sucked it clean. He said I can see both of you have a hard on so each of you go missionary style with each other and wrap your legs around your backs as you do it, and hump back and squeeze. Hold each other's butt and pull it to you while you hump and massage the balls some. Mike and then Jeff took turns and had huge orgasms with out rubbers and shot cum into each asshole. They hugged each time while on a movie camera and because they were face to face they kissed out of reflex.

When they got to the group of men again they were each given a shot in the butt. As they became high they were taken to a place off to the side where a portable glory hole had been set up. It was like a changing tent with a hole cut in the side large enough for dick and balls. Various men from the group got blow jobs and Jeff nor Mike could tell who they were. Unknown by Mike and Jeff the group had bought safety by providing drugs for a cop. This night the cop was allowed to access the glory hole set up. Mike and Jeff both sucked cock and balls vigorously, deep throated, and swallowed the cum. As the person began to zip up, they recognized the markings of a police uniform. They looked at each other silently with a grin.