 I travel the world quite a bit because of the job I have. Recently I was with a group of seven in West Africa meeting with some people about a consulting project. One evening, we went into a remote village to tour around. Our hosts thought it might be a good idea if we were to stay overnight because the villagers were anxious to put on a show for us. They also encouraged us to sleep in the village so we would not have to travel four hours back to the city in the dark.

When we got to the village, it was about two o'clock in the afternoon and we got a chance to meet with some of the local people before our four o'clock business meeting. The villagers were so excited to see us, and the kids in the neighborhood danced and sang for us. They even had a table of drinks (mostly home-made soft drinks) along with some snacks. Not bad at all.

One of the people serving us was a guy who looked like a 22-year-old and was probably one of the most handsome young Africans I had ever met. As he was serving me a drink, he asked me what my name was, where I was from, and a little bit about Canada. He also asked if I knew where I was staying that night. When I told him I didn't know, he said, "My name is Nkutu, but my white name is Ken. I'm going to ask if you can stay at my place. I'm all alone and it would be nice to have some company. We can even have some time to get to know each other." I said that would be fine; and as he handed me my drink, he let his fingers linger on my hand as he smiled at me. I didn't mind that part.

We had our business meeting and got back to the villagers around 6:30 for a fantastic wild-meat African dinner. Before dinner, there was quite a bit of singing and African dancing. As I had noticed before, African males walk hand-in-hand to show that they are best friends. I had noticed that several other countries have this custom, too.

After dinner, Ken came to me to see how I liked the dinner. As we talked, he held my hand and we slowly walked around the grounds. I wasn't uncomfortable with this, and neither were the other men in our group. A couple of them were standing in one spot holding hands with their guest.

As Ken and I walked around, I was getting more and more comfortable with the hand-holding. We stopped to talk to three other Africans who had approached us. As we talked, Ken put his arm around my waist and held me. I didn't mind that either. It was now getting quite dark and the only light came from the fire they had built on the grounds. Ken and I kept talking to the group and his arm was still around me. Suddenly I felt his hand tug on my golf shirt and slide up under the shirt to rest on my bare skin. I didn't mind that either; and when his hand started caressing my side and back, it actually felt good. As a matter of fact, it felt so good to me that I did the same thing to him. His skin was nice and smooth and soft.

As we caressed each other, he glanced over at me and smiled, then he let his tongue trace his lips as he pulled me a bit closer to him. I just looked at him and raised my eyebrows as if to say, "interesting." I continued to caress him even more fervently and let my hand slide down between his belt and his underwear, but not too far. I think he liked this because he said, "Just a minute." and he discretely loosened his belt a bit so it wasn't so tight against my hand. With that, I moved my hand so that it was inside his shorts and resting on the top part of his ass. "H-m-m, I like that."

No one in the group noticed what I was doing, but they could have if they had looked down at my crotch. I had a large hard-on. "Do you like to suck black cock?," he asked me. "I never tried before, but I think I'd like to." I replied

"Wow, we're going to have a good time tonight," he said.

Around 9:30, some of the crowd started to move toward their homes, and that was a signal that we could leave, too. Ken led me to his house (not much of a house--more of a crude hut than a house.) It really wasn't a shack nor was it cluttered outside. 

When we went inside, Ken lit an oil lamp because the house had no electricity. The house was sparsely furnished with a couch, a chair, a table with four chairs, a low wood stove for cooking. There were two other rooms which served as bedrooms with a double bed in each room. The beds were comprised of a wooden frame with a mattress that looked like it was new. I didn't see any clothes closets, though.

Ken asked me if I wanted some tea or coffee, and I chose tea. We sat together on the couch and gabbed about a whole lot of stuff. He asked me if I had noticed a tall African lady with a pink sweater and black slacks. I told him I don't recall seeing her and asked him why. He said that she was an elementary school teacher who had asked about me. I asked him why she was interested in who I was and he said, "She told me that she had never fucked a white man before and would love to get to know you. I think she's interested--are you?" I told him that I had fucked several black women before, but that I really wasn't interested in doing that here. 

"That's good," he said. "I don't know if I got some bad signals outside; and if I did, I want to apologize to you right now. I noticed that you responded to my touching you like you were interested in me. Are you?"

I said, "It depends on what you have in mind."

"Well, nothing in particular except that I thought we could play around with each other. I'm not gay, but I wouldn't mind giving you a blow job. You don't even have to reciprocate if you don't want to. What do you think?"

"Ken, I have been fantasizing about this for the last couple of hours. You are one fucking hot guy that I wouldn't turn down for a little play time. I haven't sucked a black cock before, but to me a cock is a cock." With that, he leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek and put his hand in my crotch and rubbed me up and down for about a minute. "That feels good, Ken. Mind if I do the same?" With that, he opened his legs wide and said nothing.

I checked the room to see if there were windows where anyone could see in, but the only window was on one side of the room and it had a heavy curtain up to it. Knowing that I was safe, I reached for his cock and grasped it outside his pants. It felt really good so I kept stroking him and felt him getting harder. He looked at me, then leaned into me and gave me a kiss on the lips. I kissed him back, but we didn't exchange tongues. He got up and walked over to the door and put a small piece of wood into a latch so it couldn't be open from the outside.

He walked back over to the couch but stopped right in front of me. Since I was sitting on the couch, he crotch was directly in front of me, even with my face. I reached into him, put my hands around his back onto his ass and pulled him to my face. I buried my face in his crotch and he moved back and forth in a fucking motion.

"Ready for some real action?" he asked. "I sure am, let's go." With that, we went into the bedroom and I asked him if I could undress him. He stood there before me and I unbuttoned his shirt. He had a real pretty body, nice and smooth and hairless. I leaned into him and slid my hands up and down his chest, around to his back, and back up to his stomach. Then I undid his belt, unzipped his pants and dropped them down to the floor. I put my arms around him again and held onto his ass tightly while I kissed him on the lips. As I did this, I slid my hands down his shorts and felt his warm, soft ass and came around to the front to hold onto his cock. Finally, I couldn't stand it any longer and I dropped to my knees, pulled down his shorts and took out this beautiful cock which was about seven inches long and about an inch and a half round. I kissed his cock and tasted some precum on the tip. "Ken, I want to suck you off," I said. "Wait, let me undress you too, then we can serve each other better."

Ken took off his shoes and socks and stood entirely naked before me. He looked so fucking good and I really wasn't interested in him sucking me. I just wanted that cock in my mouth.

He lifted my golf shirt over my head and leaned down and kissed my nipples. Then he unbuckled me and unzipped my pants and took both the pants and shorts down in one motion. My hard cock sprung out like a busted spring on a slinky. He knelt down and took my cock in his mouth--all the way. Man, he was better at this than I am! I told him to stop because I didn't want to cum just yet.

We moved over to the bed and layed down face-to-face and cock-to-cock. This time, we kissed like we were a guy and a gal with tongues exploring each other. I could feel his cock fighting with mine, so I pushed him over on his back and put my head on his chest. As I was kissing and licking his chest, I was also playing with his cock and watching it nervously moving up and down. I slowly worked my way down his body until my head was close enough to his cock that I could reach out and touch it with my tongue.

I moved closer and took his cock in my hand and rubbed it all over my lips and face. I put my other hand down and cupped his balls. I stuck out my tongue and teased the head of his dick with it. At this point I was really enjoying the taste of his cock and precum. He asked me if I wanted to 69 with him, but I told him not yet because I was afraid that if I came first, I wouldn't have the courage or whatever to continue. He let me continue playing with him, and I was enjoying every minute of it. I loved what I was doing. Finally, I took a little bit, then a bit more, then a bit more into my mouth until I had nearly all of it. I asked him not to cum in my mouth and he grunted that he wouldn't.

After sucking for a little while, I started to jerk him off by keeping my mouth close to the head of his cock. Then, I went back to sucking him all the more. He had really great staying power, better than I have.

I rolled over onto my back and asked him to sit on my chest. He did, and I was now staring at this beautiful cock and jerking it off. If he had cum at this point and shot off on my face, I probably wouldn't have been upset. I reached around the back and put my hands on his ass to bring his cock even cloer to my mouth. Just before I started to suck it again, I asked him to fuck my mouth. I just kept my hands on his ass and let him fuck me. It felt so good to have a cock sliding in and out of my mouth; and since I had no control over the length of strokes, I found myself starting to gag a bit, but I learned to control it. "Bruce, I'm going to cum." he said.

With that, I pushed back on his chest and he moved back so that his cock wasn't in my mouth and he shot a load of cum all over my chest, my chin, my face, and a small bit on my mouth. I was so horny at this point, I licked the cum away from my lips and with my hand, I smeared the rest of it over my body. As I said, I was really horny, so I flipped him on his side again and told him I was ready to 69. With his balls right in front of my face, I took his cock again and put it in my mouth. I could taste a lot of cum now, but I didn't care.

He took my cock in his mouth all the way and bobbed up and down on it. It felt so fucking nice to have his lips around it, but it was nothing compared to what was to come. As he sucked me, he put one hand around the back and played with my ass until he had one finger near my anus. For the first time in my life, I felt something go up my ass--his middle finger. I had people give me the finger before, but not in my ass. It felt so good that he was able to work it in and out while I kept stretching for more and more cock. I took my mouth off his cock to tell him I was going to cum. "Go ahead, he mumbled. I'm going to cum again, too." "Let's go for it, Ken. Give it to me." With that, he and I both let go with a load of cum; and for the first time, I had a mouthful of cum that tasted pretty good--so good that I swallowed it.

Well, for the rest of the night, we didn't sleep. We just played with each other's cock and ass, sucked each other, came alone and together. I think this was the best sexual experience I ever had in my entire life. We didn't ass-fuck that night; but had I been there much longer, I think I would have had my first experience with that.

We both felt bad that our team had to leave the next day, but I know that I will be the first volunteer to come back to the village to work with the people there. After all, I have to find out about that teacher, right?