 Your Package Has Arrived – Part 2

A couple of weeks had passed since the UPS man caught me looking at gay porn while delivering a package to my house and made me suck him off by threatening to tell my wife and neighbors, and in spite of the fact that he had said he’d be back in a week, I hadn’t seen hide nor hair of him.  To be honest, while I liked the taste of his big black meat and liked being forced to swallow his cock, the fear of being caught or having this spiraling out of control was enough to make me happy that he hadn’t returned.  It didn’t stop me from looking at gay and bi-sexual porn on the web and beating my meat to the scenes in front of me.  It was safe, quiet, and no one would ever be the wiser.  

It was Saturday morning and my wife had just left for a golf outing with her friends.  I was staying home to tend to the lawn and clean and wax my car.  It was a beautiful summer day and I was going to make the most of it.  I stopped a couple times while cutting the front lawn to chat with a couple of different neighbors who were passing by and once again in the back to talk to my next door neighbor who was tending to her garden.  

I took a short break between cutting the grass and cleaning the car in order to down a cool glass of lemonade.  While leaning against the kitchen counter between sips, I heard the squeaking of brakes as the vehicle attached came to a complete stop.  I leaned to the right a bit to get a better view out the front window and my heart immediately skipped a beat as I saw the brown UPS truck in my driveway.  I thought about pretending like I wasn’t there but my lawn mower was out front and both the front door and garage door were wide open.  I could only hope that this wasn’t the guy that was here a few weeks ago and he’d simply drop the package and be on his way.

I saw two guys jump out of the truck and open the rear of the truck.  They grabbed a rather large box and began walking it up to the front door.  I couldn’t image what my wife had ordered but I soon realized that the guy in the rear was the same guy who’s dick I had sucked a couple of weeks ago.  I had only wished that I could shrink and disappear but that fantasy was instantly erased by the knock on the door and the shit-eating grinning on his face.  

I went to the front door and opened it up.  

“Hey, little buddy!  How you doing man?  I told you I’d have another package for you and here I am.  This time I’ve brought a real big package and his name is James.  Say hello to pussyboy James,” he said as they both entered the house and dropped the large box on the large.  The empty sound it made confirmed that the box was just an excuse for the two of them to enter.

As they closed the front door behind them, James turned and faced me.  He was as tall as the other man, not quite as dark and quite a bit thinner.  He looked me up and down before saying, 

“Willy tells me you like to look at gay porn and suck dick is that right pussyboy?”

“Well, not really,” I stuttered, “I had just stumbled on to that website when he happened to be passing by and he thought I was into that kind of stuff and I’m not.  Now can you guys just leave and let me alone?”

“Who the fuck do you think you’re talking to pussyboy?”  James said.  “I wasn’t born yesterday white boy.  Willie told me how good you were at sucking his dick and I’m here to get a piece of your pussy whether you pretend to like it or not.  Now get the fuck out of those clothes before I pound the crap out of you,” he said. 

I was up a shit creek without a paddle.  Willie was large enough to take me by himself and now he had his angry buddy James who was determine to swab my mouth with his meat one way or another.  I thought of trying to make a dash to the garage and yell out to the neighbors but Willie was standing directly in my path.  I figured the only way to get thru this was to get it over with as quickly as possible and get them out of here before my wife returned from her golf game.  Reluctantly, I took my shirt off and tossed it over the chair.  Then I slipped the gym shoes off standing there in my shorts and underwear.

“Get ‘em off junior.  Let’s see what the white man’s got under his hood,” said James.

I dropped my shorts to the ground and then peeled my underwear off afterwards.  My dick seemed to shrink in fear which only made my predicament even worse.

“Oh look at the little weenie Willy.  You weren’t kidding when you said he had a clitty for a dick.  What the fuck does his wife see in him?  How the hell does she ever get off on something so small?  Bet she gets more pleasure out of rubbing her pussy against his pubic hair then trying to feel his little dick in her pussy” James said as he and Willy had a good laugh at my expense. 

“Come on over here pussyboy and let me show you what a real man’s dick looks and feels like” said James as he started to unzip his brown shorts.

He reached in his shorts and pulled out a dick larger than what Willie did a few weeks ago.  It kept coming and coming until the head finally emerged and fell forward.  The thing nearly went down to the bottom of his shorts and it wasn’t the least bit erect yet. 

James wiggled his dick in his hand as he told me to come closer and grab a hold of him which I did.

“Now you see son, that’s what a real man’s dick feels like.  You’ve been playing with a little boy’s dick all these years and trying to satisfy your wife with something she can get at any high school.  Go ahead boy, get down on your knees and wrap your lily white lips around this black man’s dick and see if you can’t pull the seed from my balls,” he said as he applied pressure to both of my shoulders.  

I had no choice but to lower myself and as I did, James stepped forward and presented his dick to my lips.  The head of his dick was much larger than Willie’s and it seemed at least 2 or 3 inches longer as well.  I opened my mouth and allowed James to push his dick into my mouth, sliding over my tongue until it pressed against the back of my throat causing me to gag a bit.

“Ah, what’s wrong pussyboy?  Black man got to much cock for your tiny little cunt?  Well, we can fix that.  I’ll just pound my cock in your tiny little cunt and stretch it until it’s big enough to take every inch I’ve got,” said James.

James grabbed my head with both hands and started to push his cock in and out of my mouth, forcing it back against the rear of my throat, increasing his pace and force with each stroke.  My eyes watered and I continued to gag until I realized that the best thing to do was to relax and try to take as much as I could or choke to death on the cock in my mouth.  That seemed to help quite a bit and I while I was never able to take his entire length, I apparently was taking enough to keep him happy.  

Out of the corner of my eye I could see that Willy had pulled his own dick out of his pants and was stroking it while he watched his buddy James fuck my face with fury.  Just as I was getting into a rhythm, James pulled his cock out of my mouth, dropped his shorts to the floor, and then took a seat on the floor in front of me.  I didn’t know what the fuck he was doing at first until he said he was getting tired of me taking so long and had to take a seat.

“Get back over here and suck my dick pussyboy,” said James as he wiggled it again in my direction.
I leaned forward and took his dick back into my mouth as I watched Willie move from his location.  It hit me like a load of bricks!  James wasn’t tired, he just lowered himself to the floor so my ass would be in the air as I sucked him off.  Sure enough, Willie had moved behind me and stuck a wet thumb up my ass before I knew it.  

“Ouch,” I screamed, “I’ve never done that before and I’m not going to start now.  I’ll blow you both if I have to but I’m not going to take a dick up my ass!”

Willie slapped my ass good and  hard while telling me to shut the fuck up and start sucking again.  James pulled my head back down on his cock and started to face fuck me again.  Willie inserted a finger along side of his thumb and then a second one.  My ass had never felt this full before and I was afraid that it was going to fill even more full in another minute or so.  

Willie pulled his fingers out of my ass and then spit a couple of times on my gaping hole.  He then lowered his hard black cock and rested it on the saliva-covered opening.  I tried to concentrate on the cock in my mouth but it was nearly impossible to ignore the log that was penetrating my ass.  I thought he was going to tear me in half and pull out my insides as he pulled back.  He peeled my ass cheeks apart to get better access to my opening, but that only made my opening that much tighter.  I couldn’t believe that this was happening and I only hoped that it ended real soon. 

Willie and James got into a see-saw rhythm after a while and I calmed down enough to minimize the pain. They continued to talk dirty to me and belittle me as their little white pussyboy.  I’m ashamed to say that I was actually beginning to enjoy the dick in my ass, much like I had come to love a big black cock in my mouth.  I started to suck harder and roll my tongue around James’ dick while I pushed back to meet Willie’s thrusts in my ass.

“Didn’t I tell you pussyboy liked to suck cock James?” said Willie.

“He sure does man.  He’s even better at this than my old lady is.  Looks like he enjoys taking a dick up his ass too.  His little dick is standing straight out and I see him pushing back on you trying to get your cock all the way up his little pussyass,” said James.  

“Well, we got plenty of cock to satisfy pussyboy’s needs and you now know that if you’re ever in the area, you can always stop off at pussyboy’s place and get your cock sucked or fuck his tight little white ass,” chuckled Willie as he continued to fuck my ass. 

Just then the front door swung open and in walked my wife.

“What the fuck is going on here,” she screamed.

“Close the fucking door and sit the fuck down right now Missy or I swear I’ll kill this little pussy husband right here in front of you,” said James.

My wife closed the door and took as seat along side of the action as she held her hands to her face and shook.  James and Willie continued what they were doing without missing a beat.

“Seems we caught your husband looking at gay porn sites one day when were delivering a package and he offered to suck our dicks for free.  Now we couldn’t pass up an offer like that so that’s exactly what we’re doing.  I asked him if his wife knew about his need to suck and be fucked by black men and he assured me you did.  Are you telling us you didn’t know anything about this Missy,” said James as he continued to feed his cock in and out of my mouth not allowing me a chance to talk at all.

“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about.  My husband isn’t gay.  He’s never done this before,” cried my wife.

“Oh yes he has Missy.  This isn’t the first time for you pussyboy husband.  He sucked me off a couple weeks ago and told me to hurry back, he couldn’t get enough of my dark meat,” said Willie. 

I tried to say something but Willie pushed me forward with his thrusting and James held my head with both hands while thrusting his cock deep into my mouth.

“I can’t believe he’s doing this and I can’t believe he’s done it before.  What the fuck has gotten into?”  my wife screamed.

“Two black dicks Missy and apparently he wants more.  Now sit there and enjoy this as we fuck the hell out of your husband”  said Willie.

The talk and the fact that my wife was sitting there watching her husband get fucked by two well-hung black men caused me to shot my load on the floor.

“See Missy, little pussyboy just shot his load all over the load without even touching his little weenie.  Now you tell me he doesn’t have a thing for the black man’s meat” said James.  

Just then James pulled his dick out of my mouth and stroked it as he shot string after string of pearly sperm on my face.  Once he was done, James stuck his dick back in my mouth and ordered me to clean him dry.  Apparently that was enough to send Willie over the top and he shot the first couple of spurts up my ass before pulling out and shooting the rest over the top of my ass.  Once James was satisfied, Willie spun me around and fed me the cock that had just fucked my ass.  I cleaned it too while my wife sat there speechless.  Willie and James both got up and readied themselves to return to the truck as I sat there naked on the floor.

“Thanks again pussyboy and you Missy for stopping in.  Maybe next time we’ll let the Misses get a taste of dark meat and see if she likes it as much as her husband does,” Willy said as both he and James exited through the front door.  

As the truck backed out of the driveway, my wife got up and gave me a look of disgust.

“I fucking can’t believe you.  What the fuck have you been doing behind my back?  Shut the fuck up, I don’t want to know.  You are going to pay for and pay big,” she said as she stormed up the stairs to our room.  

Suddenly, the excitement of the moment was gone and I began to worry about what was in store for me.  There’s nothing worse than the anger of a pissed of wife……..

(to be continued)