 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

*****

Derek Boudreaux checked his mailbox. Three banks down, one of the numerous tenants that lived in the apartment complex likewise checked their mailbox.

Derek had tried once to engage the neighbor in conversation. The neighbor had claimed not to speak English. He then glared at Derek when Derek answered him in fluent Spanish.

There was a thick envelope addressed to him from the law firm of Coutre & Associates. Derek looked at the DeGarde, Louisiana address and wanted to stuff the envelope back into the box, wanted to claim that it wasn't his. He had not been in DeGarde since his father called him a 'disgusting little faggot' and bodily picked Derek up and threw him from the house.

"Maybe the fucking cock sucker died," Derek thought and closed and locked his mailbox again.

Robin Nguyen was already home; Derek wanted to ask the slender Asian man why he had not picked up the mail. They both drove right past the mailbox queue.

Robin was stretched out on the couch, watching the evening news, smoking a Dunhill cigarette. Derek had asked him, time and time again, please smoke outside. The smell was impossible to get rid of once it permeated the carpet and furniture and drapery.

"Hey," Robin cheerfully called out when the door closed.

"Hey," Derek agreed and bent and kissed Robin's cheek.

He yelped then laughed when Robin playfully slapped his rear as he walked past.

"Salad for supper; top shelf, dressing's already on it," Robin said.

Derek dug the large bowl out, grabbed a fork and sat at the table. He used a tine of the fork to open the envelope and straightened the folded pages open.

Zack Miller was dead.

Derek stopped chewing as he read the letter again.

Zack Miller was dead. The letter from Sophia Coutre did not say how Zack had died, just that he was deceased and her law firm was handling Zack's estate.

"Holy fucking shit," Derek said.

"What?" Robin asked, pushing the 'Mute' button on the television.

"Zack's dead," Derek said.

X

X

X

Derek thought that working at Miller's Electronics had to be the coolest job in the world. Fresh out of high school, graduating by the skin of his teeth, no prospects for college, Miller's Electronics was a dream job. All day long, the chubby eighteen year old played video games, set up televisions, listened to great music, and watched the latest video releases.

And his boss, Zack Miller, a guy in his late fifties or early sixties, smoked weed and had no problem slipping Derek a few good joints.

"Hi, I uh, y'all do video transfers, right?" the simpering man asked as he clutched a brown paper grocery sack.

"Yes sir," Derek agreed pleasantly.

"I uh, I got about fifteen, uh, how much, you know, to um, copy them onto dvds for me?" the man asked, clutching onto the bag possessively.

Derek pointed to the sign at the front of the counter that clearly showed how much to copy material from VHS tapes onto discs.

"Um, oh, okay, um, like I said, there's about fifteen, sixteen of them; I didn't count them, just dumped them in here," the man nervously said and gripped the bag even tighter when a group of high school students strolled in.

"Okay, well, let's see what we got here; Derek, why don't you see if you can help those kids?" Zack said, putting his hand on Derek's rump to push his employee toward the milling kids.

"Hi, help y'all?" Derek smiled.

"Uh, yeah, yeah, y'all got you know, like payment plans here?" one of the youths asked.

Derek discussed the layaway plan while also keeping an eye on the kids that were hovering near the video game display rack.

When the youths saw that Derek wasn't going to be lulled away from his observation of them, they left again.

"Take me about three, four hours; why don't you come back tomorrow and pick them up?" Zack pleasantly asked the man as he slid the receipt for the customer to sign.

"Okay," the man smiled and pocketed his receipt copy.

Derek played a video game while keeping one eye on the door for any customers.

"Hey Derek, want to see something?" Mr. Miller called out from the stockroom.

"Sure," Derek said and stepped into the dimly lighted area.

He stepped up to where his boss was sitting at a workbench, leaning back in his chair.

"This is what that guy's wanting copied," his boss said and Derek looked at the screen.

Derek goggled as a man was on all fours, one large black cock sliding in and out of his mouth while one large white cock thrust in and out of the man's anus.

The older man chuckled and turned up the sound on the screen.

"Aw yeah, aw you my bitch, huh? You a bitch?" the black man said and pulled his spurting cock out of the man's mouth.

"Mm hmm," the man agreed, trying to catch the black man's sperm as it shot onto his face.

"Aw yeah, you a good pussy, you good and tight," the white man said and pulled his spurting cock out of the man's slimy rectum and sprayed his semen onto the man's buttocks and back.

Mr. Miller turned the sound off and pressed a button. The screen suddenly became just a blurred and fractured image as Zack sped up the transfer process.

"Well, you certainly can't go out on the sales floor like that, can you?" Mr. Miller chuckled.

"Huh?" Derek asked, pulling his eyes from the blurred screen.

"You're dicky's all hard," the older man smiled.

Derek looked down and his face burned with shame as he realized he did indeed have a tremendous erection tenting his Khakis.

"Here, let me help you with that," Mr. Miller said and unzipped Derek's slacks.

"Mr. Miller!" Derek whispered hoarsely.

The older man bent forward and wrapped his lips around Derek's cockhead. The man's thick mustache tickled the sensitive flesh and Derek gasped and groaned as a fat tongue tickled his cock.

"Oh," Derek whined as he shot a forceful stream of semen into his boss's mouth.

"There," Mr. Miller said, pulling Derek's briefs up.

He patted Derek's crotch softly, zipped Derek's khakis up and then pointed to the door.

Derek stumbled back to the counter where he stood, trying to catch his breath.

A moment later, he smelled the sweet stench of marijuana and knew Mr. Miller was smoking a joint.

Derek helped a woman pick out a few games for her son's fourteenth birthday, helped a man pick out a good subwoofer for his car's stereo system.

"Hey Derek, why don't you do a few of these transfers?" Mr. Miller called out while there was no one in the small shop.

Derek came into the stockroom, sat in the comfortable leather chair and prepared to slide the next tape into the slot.

"Now, Derek," his boss said, sounding upset.

"What?" Derek asked, looking up. "The tapes fully rewound."

"No, Derek, you're going to let me go out there? On the sales floor? With a big old boner?" Mr. . . . . Miller asked.

"Huh?" Derek asked.

"Now, did I let you go out there and embarrass yourself?" his boss asked as he unzipped his polyester slacks.

Derek's hands trembled as he reached over to take the large cock into his hands. He then opened his mouth wide and slipped the bulbous head into his mouth.

"Oh, that's good, oh you got a sweet little mouth," Mr. Miller whispered and put his hand on the back of Derek's head.

Derek stroked the long thick shaft, still trembling as he did so.

"Oh, baby, here, oh here it comes, oh, you ever do this before, oh," the man moaned and Derek almost screamed as his mouth suddenly filled with a salty, gluey tasting fluid.

Mr. Miller released Derek's head, put his shrinking cock into his boxers and zipped up his polyester slacks.

"Hi! Help you?" Zack said cheerfully to the man and woman that stood in front of the wall of televisions.

Derek sat at the transfer console and felt the sting of tears. He swallowed several times, and then got to his feet to get a soda out of the small refrigerator Mr. Miller kept in the back.

His tears began in earnest as he discovered he had another erection.

"Got them finished?" Zack asked at eight o'clock that evening.

"Last one," Derek mumbled as he pressed the button to finalize the disc.

"Hey, want to watch one?" Zack asked, already reaching for the disc.

"No," Derek sullenly denied. "Mister Miller, I got to..." 

"Sure?" Zack asked, slipping the disc into the player. "And uh, hey, just call me Zack, huh?"

Zack slid a tightly rolled joint over to Derek and hit 'play' on the player.

"Go ahead, spark that one up," Zack said as he pulled up a second chair.

Derek held the smoke in his lungs as long as he could as they watched well-built man after well-built man suck and fuck one another.

"Hey, could you...?" Zack asked, softly stroking Derek's cheek.

Derek rapidly bent over and took Zack's cock into his mouth and gagged as he tried to force all of the long thick cock into his mouth.

"Oh, oh, yeah, oh yeah," Zack groaned and Derek swallowed as Zack's semen flooded his mouth.

Zack then sucked Derek's cock until the boy spent.

Mm, mm," Zack said and pressed his lips to Derek's mouth.

Derek opened his mouth and the two men kissed, passing Derek's semen back and forth until it was all gone.

"See you tomorrow," Zack cheerfully said.

Safely in his room, Zack sobbed hot tears of shame as he thought about the day's activities.

His friend Robin Nguyen sent him a text message. At first, Derek wanted to ignore it, but realized it wasn't Robin's fault he felt so confused, so out of sorts and replied.

Robin seemed fascinated that Derek's boss shared marijuana with Derek. Robin's job at the Skate-A-Rama only gave him the opportunity to smell old shoes and skates.

"You're kind of quiet; everything all right?" Derek's mother asked at the breakfast table the next morning.

"Yeah, just kind of tired," Derek mumbled.

"Loser one must have kept loser two up all night, texting back and forth what losers they are," Derek's father sneered.

Derek knew better than to say anything; his father had no qualms about punching Derek in the face. He was extremely disappointed in Derek's lack of ambition and never let an opportunity pass without telling Derek he was disappointed.

Derek finished his breakfast and quickly showered and dressed for a full Saturday's day at the store.

He smiled as he pulled up his Batman briefs. Looking at himself in the mirror, he actually got the start of an erection as he thought of Mr. Miller, Zack, pulling the briefs down and sliding his mouth over Derek's cock.

"Eight dollars an hour, whoop de fucking doo," his father said as Derek buttoned up his short sleeve shirt. "Like you'd ever be able to support yourself and some little honey on that. And whatever happened to that Beth, Becky, whatever her name is, huh?"

"Got tired of you staring at her boobs the whole time," Derek said angrily. "And her name is Betsy."

Zack smiled as Derek entered the store through the rear. His mustache tickled as the two kissed quickly and Derek realized, Zack had already smoked at least one joint that morning.

Several times during the day, standing behind the counter, Zack would rest his hand on Derek's rear, would give the boy's ass an affectionate squeeze. The two would share a smile.

If there were no customers in the store, Zack would pat Derek's crotch, rub it.

But they never had time to go into the back, to take care of each other.

Finally, it was eight o'clock and Derek hurriedly ran the vacuum cleaner over the carpeted floor while Zack tallied up the day's receipts.

"So, you want to watch another one of them videos?" Zack asked as Derek wound the cord around the vacuum cleaner.

"Sure!" Derek enthusiastically agreed.

"Let's see," Zack said as Derek took a mammoth hit off the joint Zack handed him.

The two sat and watched as man after man took large cocks up their asses.

"You uh, you think you uh, think you might like that?" Zack asked.

"I uh, I don't know," Derek answered in a strangled voice.

They kissed for a few minutes, then Zack removed Derek's shirt and sucked on Derek's nipples.

Then he unbuckled Derek's belt, unbuttoned Derek's khakis and eased Derek's pants down.

He chuckled at the sight of the Batman underwear and kissed Derek again.

Derek let Zack put him on his hands and knees, his khakis bunched up around his knees, protecting his knees from the hard concrete floor.

Kneeling behind Derek, Zack eased Derek's underwear down to just below Derek's testicles.

"Oh!" Derek shuddered as Zack squeezed some KY jelly just over Derek's tightly clenched rectum.

Zack greased up his middle finger and slowly, gently ran the greasy finger around and around Derek's rectum.

As Derek relaxed, Zack slid the tip of his finger into Derek, just a little bit. Derek instinctively clamped his rectum shut. Zack just kept his finger just inside the sweet little orifice until Derek relaxed again.

It took several long moments, but finally, Zack had two greasy fingers fucking in and out of Derek's little hole and Derek was grunting pleasurably.

Then Zack squeezed some more jelly just above Derek's rectum and ran the head of his cock through the glob, then pulled his fingers out and rubbed Derek's anus with the head of his cock.

"Ugh!" Derek protested lightly as Zack pushed the head of his cock in.

Zack wanted desperately to grab Derek's hips, wanted to just lunge forward, shove all seven inches of his meat into the tight virgin hole.

Derek pushed back slightly and Zack held himself steady as Derek gave a little yelp.

Another long moment passed and Zack slowly wiggled his hips.

"Ugh!" Derek protested a little louder as Zack slipped a fraction of an inch into Derek's anus.

"God, it hurts," Derek whined as Zack did slide almost all of his cock head into Derek's rectum.

Zack said nothing but did put a restraining hand on the boy's pudgy hip.

"It hurts, you, we need to stop," Derek whined.

"Wait, okay, just wait," Zack pleaded, his voice shaking with exertion.

"No, no, Mr. Miller, come on," Derek let a little sob escape.

"I'll suck your cock after," Zack bargained.

Derek let out the breath he was holding and Zack slid another millimeter in.

"Ugh!" Derek loudly grunted as the head of Zack's cock slid in past his sphincter muscle.

"Oh God, oh baby boy, oh you got a tight, tight hole, oh that's a pretty hole," Zack grunted, forcing himself to hold still, not to ram himself in to the hilt.

"Oh God it hurts," Derek whined then shook as a tremor of pain radiated from his anus outward.

"I know, I know, the first time always does," Zack soothed.

Derek grunted and shook suddenly as his semen flooded his briefs.

"Oh yes! Oh yes!" Zack cried out as all of his cock was buried in the boy's ass.

"Please Mr. Miller," Derek sobbed in pain. "Stop, okay?"

"Oh, but the worst part is over, oh no, sweet baby boy, we can't stop now," Zack said and began to pull his cock out of the boy's slimy bowels.

Derek sobbed as his boss fucked him and sobbed a little harder as he again ejaculated into his briefs.

"Oh God yes!" Zack bellowed as he spurted hotly into the boy's bowels.

Zack did suck Derek's cock, after he licked all around Derek's pubic hair and cock and balls to get the previous ejaculations.

Then the two smoked another joint and kissed like lovers.

Robin had gotten off of work at seven that evening and Derek saw several text messages when he finally left Miller's Electronics.

"Man, you got to get me some weed," Robin complained when Derek called him. "Or, fuck, get me a job there, huh? I mean, shit! All y'all do is sit around and smoke dope?"

"Uh, we work," Derek said and shifted uncomfortably.

He could feel Zack's semen trickling out of his raw anus and resolved he'd have to rinse the Batman briefs out in the bathroom sink. His mother surely knew what semen looked like and he didn't want any embarrassing questions about the large amount of semen in his underwear.

"Work tomorrow?" Derek asked.

"No, Skate—A-Ram-It-Up-Your-Ass is closed; you?" Robin asked.

"No, but was thinking of going over to Za... Mr. Miller's house, though," Derek decided.

"Dude, I'm coming, hear?" Robin demanded.

Derek called Zack and asked if he could bring his best friend; Zack agreed enthusiastically.

Zack masturbated several times that night, reliving the sweet sensation, the glorious sight of burying his cock in the cute little porker he'd hired.

Zack had hired Derek with the idea of seducing the chubby boy. The boy had a cute face and an odd hairstyle, the hair in front was longer than the hair in the back, which made Zack suspect that Derek might be gay, or possibly bisexual.

Zack had thought of many various scenarios of how to seduce the sweet faced boy. Thankfully, Darren Mann's video to disc transfer had been the very bridge from sharing a few joints and Derek's innocent acceptance of light touches and squeezes from Zack.

"The boy's over eighteen; he's perfectly legal," Zack said as he caught his semen in his hand and licked his hand clean.

After church, Derek's father plopped himself down in front of the television, the first of several beer cans in his hand. Derek's mother started to sew the curtains a neighbor had ordered. Neither parent said anything about Derek leaving.

Robin was bursting with excitement as they walked to Mr. Miller's house.

"Oh, cool," Robin said as they looked at the 1969 Camaro Zack Miller drove.

"Yeah, it's fully restored," Derek agreed and knocked on the door.

"Hey," Zack smiled when he opened the door.

"Hey, Zack, this is my best friend Robin Nguyen," Derek said as they entered the small home.

Zack offered the two eighteen year olds beers and they sat in the living room and drank beers and talked.

"Oh, hey, those videos?" Zack said, placing a hand on Derek's thigh, close to Derek's crotch.

"Yeah?" Derek asked as his cock, semi-erect from the moment they'd sat down, suddenly sprang to life.

'Think your friend, uh, Robin, think he'd like to see them?" Zack asked.

"Yeah," Robin answered, not waiting for Derek to respond.

"Okay, let's see, here, y'all get started on this," Zack said and Robin's eyes lighted up as Zack pulled out a small box with five or six tightly rolled joints in it.

"Be right back," Zack said as Robin took a huge drag, and then coughed mightily on the marijuana.

"Your boss is so cool!" Robin enthused as Zack got up and left the room.

"Yeah," Derek agreed hoarsely, holding the smoke in his lungs.

"Just wanted to get comfortable," Zack said as he returned to the room, now dressed in only red silk boxers

"Oh, uh, hey, yeah, that's uh, that's cool," Robin agreed and again coughed on the harsh smoke.

Derek blushed, knowing he would suck Zack's cock, would suck it right in front of his best friend. And it would probably cost him his friendship with Robin; Robin was always putting down homosexuals, making jokes about them.

Derek didn't know if he was gay or not; he did know he liked sucking Zack's cock. And last night, as he relived the pain of his first ass fuck, his cock had throbbed incessantly until he masturbated.

And, looking at Zack, dressed in only red silk boxers, he appreciated the older man's muscular chest, slightly rounded belly, hairy thighs.

"And, press 'play' and... Boy, you work at an electronics store; why didn't you get this started?" Zack teased Derek.

"Yeah, Derek, you... What?" Robin laughed, and then froze as he saw a well-built man get to his knees and pull down another man's boxers and start sucking on the other man's cock.

Robin stared, transfixed as the two men got into a sixty nine position and sucked each other's cocks while also fingering each other's ass holes.

Derek nudged him, holding out the smoldering joint and Robin took it, never taking his eyes from the screen
