 Time seemed to Zach to slow interminably and the twenty minutes dragged out to an eternity. His whole body, every inch of naked flesh, had become hypersensitive. He seemed to sense every tiny shift in the air currents around him as they caressed his feverishly hot skin. Unaware that he had been drugged he assumed that his unwavering erection, and over excited nerve endings were purely the result of his situation. Naked and shackled on an autopsy table, helplessly exposed to cameras, and treated like little more than a dumb animal to be experimented upon. As far as Zach was concerned he had never felt anything as intensely before. Just as the Man had intended, in the weeks, months and years to come Zach would submit himself to ever more wanton and depraved scenarios in an attempt to recapture the exquisitely erotic charge he had experienced on this night, at the hands of the Man who would become his sadistic mentor, and author of his corruption. 

At last the Man returned. The boys eyes were closed, but a hint of a smile played across his face, and his legs and arms strained against their bonds as the drug's effects took him once more. The Man slipped his hand around the boys dripping cock, using the copious amounts of juice it had leaked to lubricate his palm as he slid it up and down the shaft. The kid did not open his eyes, but with his mouth agape he grunted, as the friction he had yearned for the last 20 minutes tantalized his aching member. The taut, tanned stomach, slick with cock-slime, quivered as the Man pumped the teen prick infuriatingly slowly.

"Fuuuuuck..." the boy groaned.

The Man said nothing but slowed his hand even more, and then removed it completely.

"Oh no, please... please..." Zach begged, the orgasm building ever so languidly inside of him subsiding as the tortuously wonderful sensation dissipated. There was a pause, and then the listless hand returned, just barely gripping the boys rod, not stroking, just encircling, and Zach moaned in frustration, thrusting his hips to try and finish quickly, before the hand was gone again. Yet every time he was almost ready to release, the hand moved away from his dick, and he was denied. The Man seemed to have an uncanny ability to know just when to break contact. The exquisite torment drew out to 5 and then 10 minutes, and on, and on, until after 30 minutes of this teasing Zach was a drooling bundle of sexual frustration, and the Man finally assented to take him over the edge. With a bellow the boy spewed a string of white hot cum into the air, and it splattered back down onto his face and neck. 

The second and third spurts landed on his chest, and with each pulse from his cock he cried out with the release of pent up tension. Three more strings of sticky cum landed on his shuddering belly. The Man continued to milk the boy until every last drop had left his angry purple head, and trickled down his hard shaft onto his hairless groin. Then he collected some of the cooling liquid and moved his fingers to the boys mouth. Panting hard the boy looked straight into the Man's eyes, and opened his lips, licking the fingers as they entered his hot, moist mouth. The majority of the remaining cum the Man simply massaged into the smooth glowing skin of the boys chest and stomach. Mixing it with the sweat, paying particular attention to the erect nubs of the boys nipples, and leaving it to dry, so that Zach's body began to exude a subtle sexual funk.

"Jesus fucking Christ... thank you... thank you Sir." the boy muttered. "I've never come so hard before."

Whispering into the boys ear the Man replied, "Such a good little cumslut!" and his words made Zach shiver. During the 20 minute respite he had all but come to terms with the fact the he would likely leave this cellar a changed person. It was surely inevitable that at some point he would hear that same whisper in his ear telling him what a good little cocksucker he was, and the imagined shame of that seemingly inescapable moment made his stomach churn with a guilty sense of anticipation, and caused his aching cock to twitch. 

The Man had brought three small devices with him when he had re-entered the room. The identical items looked like some kind of weird pepper grinders, but open at the bottom where the grinder should be. As Zach recovered from his explosive orgasm, the Man placed two of the devices on the boys belly. The third he rested on Zach's chest, as he pinched both the boys nipples between thumb and forefinger. The boy sucked in a sharp breath between gritted teeth. A mix of both pleasure and pain radiated out from his chest, and his small brown nipples stiffened. 

"We're going to work on these little tits. Make them bigger and more sensitive, so that the friction from even the loosest shirt will make your horny little dick hard... What do you say slut?"

Zach moaned at the thought of being turned into some kind of over sexed bitch boy with an uncontrollable dick, ashamed that the idea aroused him so much.

The Man took the device on the boys chest, rested it over the left nipple, and twisted the handle at the top end. Inside the clear plastic cylinder Zach watched the little plunger, attached to the handle by a screw thread, begin to rise and as it did, his nipple was sucked into the tube. 

"Oh jeez! Oh God." Zach gasped as the pressure on his nipple increased until his distended, swollen tit filled the little cylinder.

The process was repeated on Zach's right nipple causing the feverishly aroused boy to arch his back off the table and a lusty gurgling growl to escape his throat. 

There was still one of the cruel little devices left, and Zach watched with pleading eyes as the Man placed it over his captives trembling stomach, resting the small circular opening over the boys enticing little outie belly button. Slowly the Man twisted the handle.

"Ohhhhh shhhiiiiiiittt!" Zach squealed.

The suction seemed to tug at something deep inside of him. It was such a strange and electrifying sensation, and so spine-tinglingly provocative, that Zach's quivering cock, still hard as steel, belched out a prodigious dollop of glistening precum. 

"You like that boy?" The Man chuckled "Such a dirty little sex pig... Oh the things I will do to you!" 

The last words penetrated even through the lusty haze which had engulfed Zach. "The things I will do to you" reverberated through his febrile thoughts. The things I will do TO you, not WITH you. It was him, the man who had set Zach on the path which had led to this moment. The man who had told him how he seduced straight boys, coaxed them into sucking his cock, and perhaps pushed them into something more. The man who had said he would have Zach begging to be fucked in just one short evening... There was no doubt in Zach's mind that the anonymous commenter on that video he had posted almost two years ago, and this Man were one and the same, and now everything clicked into place. 

As Zach came to that sudden realization, the Man unbuckled the leather cuffs at his ankles, and then released his wrists as well, and helped the boy to sit up, swing his legs off the table and slide his feet to the floor, while the plastic suckers on his chest bobbed and bounced, tantalizing Zach's swollen tits even more. As Zach leaned against the metal table the Man walked over to the mirrored wall, and for the first time the boy realized that in the center of the stretch of glass there was an ingeniously constructed door, so expertly designed that only the finest line in the surface of the mirror revealed it was there at all. The Man pushed on one side and a faint click was followed by a section of wall swinging outward and a dark space beyond was revealed. Intrigued Zach absentmindedly pulled at the plastic device suctioned on to his navel, and his knees almost buckled as the thing tugged at that especially erogenous place inside of him. 

The Man gripped Zach by the shoulder and ushered the boy through the freshly revealed portal giving him barely enough time to wonder what lay beyond before lights blinked on and a room twice the size of the white tiled one was revealed, along with what Zach could only think of as the contents of a Medieval Torture Chamber. 

A panicky chill shivered up Zach's spine. Although the Man must have led other victims into this room, the trembling boy knew that tonight all of the frightening yet seductively fascinating things that lay within were there for him, and him alone. 

He felt the hand on his shoulder increase its pressure, encouraging him to drop to his knees. The floor was carpeted in some kind of soft foam covering like a yoga mat, and felt warm to his knees. Distractedly he was aware of the Man pulling his wrists behind him and felt a thrill as cold steel snicked shut around them. 

"Imagine, that your hands are cuffed behind you"

He recalled the message as if it were yesterday. It had been etched into his erotic fantasies.

Bewildered, Zach was eased down until his buttocks rested on his heels, and his head swam drunkenly as he felt soft white rope loop around his left ankle, and thigh, then his right ankle and thigh.

"Imagine your ankles are roped to your thighs so you are forced to kneel."

Zach knew what came next. This was to be the moment he had apprehensively anticipated. He dully registered the bulk of the Man move in front of him. His gaze dropped to a pair of expensive looking Italian loafers standing before him, and dimly heard the sound of a zipper being lowered. Slowly he raised his eyes up the sturdy designer jeans clad legs until they were level with the stiffening cock which bobbed in front of him. 

"I think you would suck it, wouldn't you kid?"

The final message from that long ago exchange asked the question which he was about to answer. 

You would suck it...

The Man inched his hips forward and Zach's giddy head flinched backwards.

You would suck it, wouldn't you kid?

Breathlessly Zach wrinkled his nose and leaned in to one side of the compelling erection before him, eyes intently examining every inch. The veined shaft emerging from a neatly trimmed bush of pubic hair, the barely visible circumcision scar, the thick bulb of the purple head, and the slit in the tip that slowly oozed a glittering bubble of juice as he watched. 

Inside he had always known the answer to the question.

Tentatively he opened his jaw a little, and his tongue flicked out and furtively touched his upper lip. The jewel-like bead began to stretch into a teardrop, and Zach's tongue haltingly extended for a second, only to draw back in again. Now the teardrop was falling tantalizingly slowly, connected to it source by a clear string of sticky fluid.

Zach's tongue eased forward again below the drop, and waited until it alighted onto the very tip, then it flicked back into the boys mouth. Inexplicably he suddenly recalled the now widely disproved theory that the tip of the tongue tastes sweet, while the sides taste salt. To Zach that little bead of liquid had tasted both sweet and salty. He savored it briefly, then nervously let his tongue falteringly graze the tip of the Man's rigid penis, and the slit which had produced the enticingly tempting morsel. With more resolve than he felt inside Zach opened his mouth wider and allowed the mushroom-like head to enter, and with a pang of contrition closed his lips around it.

Yes, he would suck it, and now it was done, and he would forever be a boy who sucked cock.

Zach allowed his tongue to lick the sensitive underside of the corona, although the Man made no indication that he was enjoying the sensation. He felt the heat and firmness of the flesh in his mouth, and the slight pulse of the heartbeat that directed the blood which engorged the tumescent tool. Slowly he allowed his lips to slide further down the shaft, hollowing his cheeks as he suckled, and was rewarded with another sweet and salty treat. 

The Man knew this was a transformative moment for the bashfully blushing boy. The pinkly flushed cheeks sucked in and out as Zach inexpertly attempted to pleasure his first cock. 

The timid teenager pulled off the vigorously throbbing phallus and began licking up and down its length as if it were a lollipop, then gaining a little more confidence, plunged his mouth back onto the iron hard pole, slurping and slobbering as he did so. His attempted enthusiasm almost came undone when he carelessly took too much of the turgid rod into his mouth, and the bulbous head hit the back of his throat causing the novice cocksucker to gag, and recoil coughing up a sloppy mixture of saliva and a copious amount precum, which dribbled down his chin and onto his heaving chest.

"Easy boy." the Man laid a reassuring hand on Zach's head. "Take it slowly."

Zach grunted, shaking his head, and then more warily returned to his task. 

The Man's eager anticipation of this moment prevented him from savoring it for as long as he would have liked. The rush of power he felt at having a hot straight jock like Zach at his feet, learning to suck cock like a proper faggot, was intoxicating, and all too soon he felt his balls churning as cum surged up through his pulsing prick. 

Zach felt the fleshy tube between his lips swell and shuddered as a powerful throbbing pump jetted thick creamy cum into the back of his mouth. He swallowed the funky emission, but before another shot coated his tongue the Man pulled out and erupted instead onto Zach's surprised, upturned, handsome visage. Several more shots followed dribbling down his forehead and over one eye, catching his nose and then stickily sealing his lips. The startled boy licked the seed from around his mouth, but was unable to reach the rest, and he looked up pleadingly at the Man. It was a wonderful sight. The strikingly good looking, clean cut, All-American face glazed with a liberal coating of cum, which contrasted beautifully with the boys tanned features.

The man took out his phone and snapped a couple of quick photos just to add to the boys humiliation, and Zach embraced his moment of truth.