 The boy was spreadeagled against the wall. Padded metal cuffs at his wrists, and upper arms, screwed directly into the white tiled wall, held them tightly above his head. More cuffs at his ankles, held him flat, stretched against the cold white ceramic. His head hung limply, tilted slightly to one side, chin resting on his chest. His youthfully handsome face looked almost angelic as he appeared to sleep peacefully, his defined chest and taut flat stomach expanding and contracting with each shallow breath.  

Two of the remaining three walls of the room were tiled in the same clinical fashion, while the third, opposite the boy consisted of floor to ceiling mirrors. Spotlights on the ceiling bathed the boy's lithe, well developed body in hot, bright light. In the corners opposite the boy cameras stood on tripods, aimed at the unconscious youth, while a third was affixed to the ceiling in the center of the room, and next to that hung a flat screen TV. The captive boy was dressed only in a pair of skimpy, silver running shorts. A stunning model of youthful vitality, the boy was not over-muscled, but slim, toned, and lithe, like a distance runner. At only 5' 8" his body was compact, but perfectly proportioned.

The Man who had brought the boy to this place, and shackled him to the wall entered through a door in one of the tiled side walls, placed the plastic storage container he was carrying beside the doorway and paused to look over his captive. He had watched the boy for months. Cyber-stalked him, becoming a friend on his Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pages by pretending to be a hot teenage girl. The man had watched and photographed the boy and his buddies on the beach, and followed him back to his home, making careful notes on the boy's schedule, and social habits. He had even managed to get night vision footage of the kid fucking his girlfriend on a secluded section of the beach, thinking they were hidden from view by the darkness. The Man liked to think he knew everything about the boy, plus a few things that even the boy did not yet know about himself. He had a theory about young jock boy's like this kid, and he was planning to test it out. 

Boy's like this really just wanted to obey a real Man. In High School it was their coaches. Working their teen bodies to perfection for the approval of the coach. Spending all their spare time doing exactly as their coach ordered. Working out, training with the team, eating the right food, and sculpting their developing bodies. In this kids case it was track and wrestling, the former ensuring the boy remained slender, while the latter accounted for the lean taut whipcord musculature which transformed the boy's body into a beautifully sculpted work of art. Boy's like this needed an older Man not just to control their lives, but to test their bodies, put them through arduous toil and pain, and sometimes even humiliation. The Man was pretty sure that this boy needed that control and domination really bad. In fact he was practically begging for it, and so the Man had planned the abduction meticulously, grabbing the kid while he was out jogging, shirtless, and alone, early that morning, and knocking him out with a well aimed hypodermic. Hustling the boy into the back of his van, he had carried the boy down into this specially equipped Basement.

The boy's name was Zach Castro, fresh out of High School, and working at a local Gym while studying to become a personal trainer. He had a beautiful Girlfriend and a loving family. He was a normal healthy teenage boy, but the Man whose gaze now brushed over Zach's almost naked body knew something that the parents and girlfriend probably did not. Zach was an incorrigible exhibitionist, and a prick tease. To begin with the boy was an extreme sagger. On the beach he wore his boardshorts without underwear, and slung so low on his hips you could almost catch a glimpse of the base of his cock below the lusciously veined curve of his lower belly, while at the rear an inch or two of deliciously tanned butt crack was exposed. He clearly loved to show off his smooth young body to whoever was watching. The Man was pretty sure the kid shaved his pubic hair, since not a wisp could be seen on his mostly exposed crotch. Almost every picture on the boy's Instagram page was shirtless. 

Plus the Man found that the boy had posted videos of himself stripping off his shirt, and dancing to rap songs on Instagram and Youtube, grabbing his cock through his long satin shorts, and lewdly thrusting his hips in time to the music. So he had checked a few other sites, of the teen muscle worship variety, and found other more revealing videos which Zach had posted dancing to other songs, like Another Level's "Freak Me" singing along to the lyric "Let me lick you up and down, 'til you say stop. Let me play with your body baby, Make you real hot. Let me do all the things you want me to do..." while writhing his body, and running his hands all over his stomach and chest, grabbing his semi hard cock through the thin material of his boxer briefs, worn, as usual down so low that almost nothing was left to the imagination, and teasingly slipping his hands under the waistband. The comments below the posted videos suggested all the things the guys watching would like to do to Zach, calling him a slut, and a fuckable little twink, and begging for a glimpse of the almost visible dick which the hot little prick tease refused to show. The Man decided Zach was a perfect candidate for his extra special attention. 

As the Man studied the lean, tanned youth, he stirred a little as he began to regain consciousness, lifting his head groggily. The Man took a step back, and waited until the boy's eyes focused on him.

"Hello Zach"

Fuzzy headed still, from the drugs aftereffects, Zach mumbled "What the fuck, Man?" Struggling against the bonds that secured his body against the hard surface of the tiled wall. He was not stupid, or naive. As he assessed the situation he suddenly found himself in he realized pretty quickly that it was not good. He remembered he had been on his morning run. Then he had bumped into someone, or someone had bumped into him. He had turned to apologize, and felt a pinprick in his arm. Next thing he remembered was waking up here. That meant he was probably in deep shit. A cold cinch of fear closed around his stomach. 

The Man smiled as he watched muscles strain under the smooth, tanned skin of the helpless, athletic youth. The kid really was magnificent. Not an ounce of body fat, and tight, toned muscles over every inch of his small but perfect frame. 

"You have a magnificent body Zach, you are one HOT little fucker!"

"Fuck you FAGGOT" the boy spat "Fucking let me GO!"

"I can't do that Zach, you see I have some entertaining plans for you. Entertaining for me at least."

"LET ME GO!" the boy yelled. "I"LL FUCKING KILL YOU, YOU FAG!"

"Well THAT's not going to persuade me to let you go then is it." 

"What do you fucking want with me?"

"Well before I go into explanations, let me show you a few things first" the Man said pulling a remote from his pocket and aiming at the plasma TV secured to the ceiling.

The screen came to life and there on the TV was Zach dancing and rubbing his hands over his hot body, staring straight into the camera. 

"You are VERY photogenic Zach. The camera loves you. As, I imagine will anyone watching this. You are so cocky and self assured on screen. I think you could make a career out of it."

He could tell the boy was shocked.

"What's wrong Zach, you must know that people are watching your videos? I mean why else would you post them on the internet? Look at you, you are just such a sexy little bitch?"

The boy began to struggle again, the cameras catching every straining movement, and his body became covered in a light sheen of sweat, glistening in the hot, bright, lights. 

"Mmmmm, keep it up my hot little bitchboy. You will only succeed in wearing yourself out, but you'll get some of my clients all hot and bothered in the process! Check it out." and the Man flicked the channel so that the video feed from the camera on the ceiling appeared on the screen, showing the boy's struggles live and in color, while a constantly changing feed of commentary from online viewers scrolled down the right hand side.

"NO! Just let me go." Zach yelled again. "I won't tell anyone a thing" the panicked boy vainly bargained. 

"Oh come now Zach, don't tell me that after you posted those sexy videos showing off your fine teenage body to other men, that you didn't fantasize about what it would be like if one of those fags, those perverts, who left messages telling you what they wanted to do to you, managed to get a hold of you? Don't tell me you never wondered what it would feel like to have your body under the control of another Man? His hands all over you instead of your own in your video? I bet you did. I bet you jacked off to it as well, huh? Laying naked on your bed pretending you were being manhandled and abused by someone like me?"

Zach's breath caught in his throat. How did this Man know his most secret thoughts?

"Fuck you, you fucking pervert" he yelled, trying to keep his bravado going. But inside he was shaken. His breathing was faster, shallower, and his stomach churned with fear and anxiety. Yet despite this he felt an unmistakable tingle in his groin. 

"Oh Zach come on, I know everything about you. You jock boy's are all the same. You need someone to take you in hand. You crave a real mans attention. You see I even know about this!" the Man flicked the channel again and another video began on the screen. This one had never appeared on the internet. This one Zach kept on his computer for himself to jack off to. It showed the boy lying naked on his bed, his muscular body tightly stretched, his ankles tied to the bedposts, his wrists slipped through loops of cord tied to the corners of the headboard. His body was tanned from top to toe, shaved smooth but for the short brown hair on his head, and oiled to show off the play of the muscles under the skin, as he writhed around, testing his bonds, and imagining other hands playing with his helpless body. Perhaps even wishing he could feel the sting of a whip across his toned chest and taut stomach. 

The boy's eyes bulged, and he gasped. How had this Man got hold of this? He felt humiliated that this stranger had somehow uncovered his darkest secrets. Yet despite his horror and confusion, he was becoming aroused. A bulge had begun to appear in his thin athletic shorts.

On the screen the writhing boy slipped one hand free of its loop of cord, and began to play with his dick, as it hardened and rolled onto his belly pointing toward his chin. 

The Man paused the video with the video Zach arching his back, dick in hand, staring straight into the camera with a look of wanton lust on his face. 

"Wait here Zach, I'll be right back" the Man quipped, and left the room. Outside he watched the live feed from the 3 cameras trained on his captive. The boy struggled uselessly again for a while, before realizing that all he could do was thrust his hips forward, making his stretched, glistening body look even more lewd for the cameras. For a moment he looked into the camera on the ceiling, then switched his gaze to his reflection in the mirrored wall opposite. Slowly he tensed all his muscles, his taut stomach clearly showing the rippled muscles underneath the glowing skin. Then, he writhed a little, resting his head back against the tiled wall, but keeping his eyes firmly fixed on his reflection.

The Man smiled to himself. Just as he had suspected. No matter how frightened or angry the kid was, part of him was getting off on this, and the proof was in the growing tent in his skimpy shorts.

The boy seemed to become aware of his arousal at the same time, looking down at the bulge, then throwing back his head and growling in frustration.

The Man re-entered the room carrying a vicious looking hunting knife. 

"Sorry to keep you waiting boy, I was just thinking how much better you looked on the screen there, naked."

Holding the knife point first in front of him, the Man walked up close to Zach. As the helpless boy's eyes bulged, the Man rested the tip of the blade on the cleft between the tightly muscled pecs, dragging it across to the right-hand, nickle sized nipple. Zach held his breath, trying to keep his chest from heaving, and closed his eyes tightly, feeling the cold, sharp, metal circle his nipple, then the point caught for a moment on the nub, eliciting a pained gasp, before the blade moved to the other nipple and repeated its motions, brushing the now erect left-hand nub. 

"Oh don't get upset my beautiful boy, I'm not going to mark your lovely flesh... not yet!" 

Now the blade traveled down the sweating, twitching stomach, before the frightened boy felt it slip into the waistband of his shorts, moving to his right hipbone. Briefly he felt the waistband pulled out and away from his hip, before, as if to prove the sharpness of the blade, the material and elastic parted easily, loosening the shorts and causing the front to flap down across his groin. A moment later, the knife cut away the left hand side as well, and the Man pulled the useless garment from between the boy's legs, exposing his still growing cock to the lights and cameras. 

"Please" the boy begged, almost weeping "Please, let me go. I promise I won't tell anyone."

"Oh I know you won't boy, and what's more I think you'll come back to me of your own free will. Because you see I own you now, all of you, mind body and soul. You just don't realize it yet" and with that the Man brushed his hand against the trembling boy's rising prick, making it jump.

Zach gasped. "No please, just let me go." he sobbed. "Please!"

"Zach... Zach...my sweet, sexy Zach. There's no need to pretend anymore. Here, with me, you can admit what you really are. No-one else need know. But here with me you can let out all your deepest darkest desires. I will help you to realize them. All you have to do is ask." 

"Let me show you what I can do for you boy" and the Man restarted the video of Zach masturbating on his bed. Groaning and writhing, engorged cock in hand. In the video Zach began to shoot his boy cream up across his chest and face, still staring into the camera, and licking a splatter of sperm from around his pouting lips. Then he lay back panting on the bed, eyes closing, before retrieving a cloth from the nightstand, and cleaning the cooling cum from his oiled body. 

The Man walked to the box he had brought into the room with him earlier, and retrieved a bottle of massage oil. Pouring some into the palm of his hand he spoke again.

"Tell me how much you want to feel my hands on your body."

Zach looked down, ashamed at his own bodies reactions.

"Come on my hot little bitch-boy. I know what you want. Beg to feel my rough hands on your tight young muscles."

Still looking down Zach shook his head. Sobbing quietly, and breathlessly whispering one word. "No."

"It's alright My sweet sexy slut, just embrace it. Let it out. Ask me. I won't touch you unless you ask." The Man did not want the kid to have the excuse of thinking he had been forced into this, his bonds preventing any refusal. He wanted to break the last barrier. Break the boy's dwindling resistance, and have him beg for it.

"Fuck you" Zach whispered through gritted teeth.

"As you wish." The Man turned and with a sigh walked away and out of the room. Wiping his hands on a towel, he looked angrily at the three screens showing the boy from different angles in the room beyond. 

Then he walked to a computer and opened a video file. Sending it to the Plasma screen in front of the boy, he sat in a garden chair and watched his prey.

Zach's head bowed again as he considered his position, but soon realized he was staring at his tumescent penis, that traitorous organ. He squeezed his eyes shut, a tear escaping as he did so, shaking his head. What was he going to do? The Man had him captive. He had no chance of escape. But worse than that the Man knew all about his secret needs. Needs which he had barely admitted to himself. His body longed for something that neither he nor his girlfriend could give it. He craved to be used by another Man. He wanted to be abused... hurt... broken. His head swam in a turmoil of confusion. Then a noise from the TV caught his attention, and he saw a new video was playing. This one showed the room in which he was trapped, but with a different boy spreadeagled on the wall where Zach now was tightly stretched. This boy was perhaps a little younger than Zach. Blond and deeply tanned... and naked. His body was not quite as toned as Zach's, but not far off. Suddenly the Man appeared before the boy, rubbing oil into his golden brown skin, giving it the appearance of polished bronze. Gasping with arousal the boy thrust out his chest as the Mans hands brushed over his nipples. 

"Like that do you, my little fag-slut" the Man spat. He began to pinch and twist the pert brown nipples of the quivering boy, who threw his head back against the tiles and cried out in pain. For a few moments the Man left the field of vision, and the boy was left fully exposed to view, his cock dripping precum, and his chest heaving with ragged breaths. A moment later the Man reappeared with two clothes pegs. Pinching the boy's right nipple he clipped one onto the tip, eliciting another cry, then repeating this with the left nipple as the boy sucked air between his teeth. More clips followed on the boy's low hanging ball sack, and cock shaft, and soon the boy was sobbing in pain. 

Outside the room the Man observed as Zach eagerly watched the screen. His own prick was now fully erect, standing proud against his hairless groin, and reaching up towards his belly button, smearing precum on his lower belly as it twitched with each quickening heartbeat. Clearly very aroused by what he saw Zach's breathing became shallower. The Man smirked to himself. 

Zach's hands opened and closed convulsively as every muscle in his glistening, toned body flexed and relaxed. In his mind he was the boy on the screen.

The boy in the video squirmed, and then yelled again as the Man slowly removed the pegs on his dick and balls, leaving those on his nipples in place. Then the Mans oil slickened hand closed around the sore shaft, stroking slowly, and making the boy groan in a mixture of agony and ecstasy. 

"Ahh, yesss... please." he begged

"Please what?"

"Please may I cum sir?" the boy begged "Pleeeeease.."

The Man continued to stroke, as the boy's body almost thrummed with sexual energy, but before he could spend his load, the hand left his prick, causing the boy to whimper and thrust his hips forward, desperate for contact.

Finally the two pegs were pulled off the nipples together, and again the boy yelped. Once more the Man disappeared from the screen, while the boy's body shone in the spotlights with a mixture of sweat and oil, and a string of precum dripped slowly from the tip of his bobbing prick. 

After a few minutes the Man returned, this time with something new in his hands, and Zach, watching, engrossed in the screens image, caught his breath as he recognized a multi-stranded whip. 

Breathlessly Zach whispered, "Oh fuck!" His stomach felt so strange, as if both butterflies and hurricanes roiled within. His dick had never been so hard, and it dripped more and more juice as he watched. When the first stroke of the whip caught the boy across his chest, Zach groaned and rested his head back against the wall, closing his eyes and running his tongue over his lips, his mouth suddenly dry. More and more blows landed and the boy cried out, partly in pain, and partly from evident pleasure. Finally the video culminated with the boy shooting long strings of cum towards the camera, crying "Uuuurgh, YES", and gasping great gulps of air into his heaving chest. The cum had been literally whipped out of him.
