 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Our family took a vacation in Paris a few years ago, well my Dad had to work, but My mom, older brother and I went along for the ride. I was 18, just out of school, My big brother, Gavin, had graduated a couple of years ahead of me. We stayed in an apartment owned by Zara, a female college professor who was swapping with us for the summer. My brother and I shared one of the two big bedrooms but it had just one big bed and my parents left us to sort out our own sleeping arrangements. My brother of course claimed the bed and I ended up throwing sofa cushions on the floor then digging around looking for bedding. The search was titillating as the room was so feminine, opening doors and drawers wafted sexy scents and sensual fabrics. Finally I came to the conclusion that there was little spare bedding other than some red satin sheets, it wasn't cold in the apartment but cool enough to need blankets or a comforter. 

Gavin lay under the warm soft duvet and said with a grin: "I'm never going to share my bed with another guy, but if it was a girl wearing sexy lingerie, then she will always be welcome!"

There were wardrobes in both bedrooms full of clothes and it became a topic for a while, were they all her clothes or did she have a roommate? Either way, there were a lot of girl's clothes in our room and many of them were very sexy. I had a weakness for them, for sexy clothes, preferably ones with sexy girls inside them but also for the soft sensual sexiness of the clothes themselves.

"What are you talking about?" I asked, pretending to not understand.

"Get off those lumpy cushions, put on some of those pretty clothes and then I'll let you get under the covers of my big comfy bed." He said, sprawling luxuriously across the big soft mattress.

I hesitated a little too long before shaking my head "No." 

Gavin spotted it and chuckled: "You know you want to, I've seen you in Mum's stockings and panties twice last year and I bet you are in her clothes all the time now you're home alone. There's all kinds of sexy stuff here, I saw your face when you opened the panty drawer! I know you want to try it all on!"

"Piss off!," was all I could say. I was so embarrassed, he was right, completely right, but I didn't have the guts to admit it. "I just did it those couple of times and there's no way I'm getting into that stuff in front of..."

"Save it for someone who cares!" He cut in. "I'm just saying, you're going to be cold all night long on the lumpy pillows or you can dress up really pretty and be comfortable and cozy in this great big soft warm bed! It's not like I'm going to tell anyone, I've never told anyone about you in Mum's stuff and you've never told about me and Angie screwing in their bed! So, what's the downside? You get your kicks and a cozy nights sleep!"

I was silent. He said it all so gently, no malice, no threats. Despite my embarrassment, it was very tempting, and my girlie self was aching to try on some of these lovely clothes. He reached over and grabbed a little nightie that was hanging over the end of the bed, pink and orange satin and lace. It hit me in the face and the scent of the woman who had last worn it hit me. 

"Go in the bathroom and get changed, when your done, I'll turn the lights off, and I'll be on this side of the bed, you can have the other side!"

I laid there silent, holding the nightie in my hands my heart pounding, the scent still lingering. I could pull on a sweatshirt and jeans and sleep warmly. Or... I got up and headed for the en-suite bathroom. 

"Don't forget panties, I don't want you rolling over and your dick flopping on me!" I felt something hit my arm, looked and saw matching panties drop to the floor beside me. I picked them up, realizing he had taken them out of Zara's laundry basket, I had seen them there earlier.

I shut the door to the bathroom and put them to my face, the musky scent of a gorgeous French woman. I was sunk, the scent drove rational thought from my mind. I was soon dressed in panties and nightie, the soft silky fabric exciting me beyond belief. I noticed perfume on the shelf above the sink, sprayed some on my neck and was rock hard in my panties. I was running my hands over my body, my hands edging towards the front of my panties when my impatient big brother called: "Come on, pretty boy, I want some sleep!"

I opened the bathroom door slowly, the room was dark, well sort of, light from the street gave the room a glow that I couldn't see after the bright light of the bathroom. I made my way to the bed and slipped under the covers. 

"Mmmm! You smell nice!" 

I knew then that Gavin had no concerns about his sleep. My own body was still in sensual overload from the satin and lace and perfume when I feel his hand brush over the silky fabric. He ran his hands over my satin clad body and it was alarmingly arousing. 

"Leave it out!" I grumbled, feeling awkward and squirming away from him. I was aroused but embarrassed, humiliated.

"Oh come on!" He scoffed, "You are the sexiest girl I've ever had my hands on!"

We tussled on the bed, I was attempting to get away from him. He just wanted his hands on me, on the sexy clothes, loving the sexy feel. He was much stronger than me and I was completely out matched. He soon had me pinned down on my front on the bed. His body covered mine, I wriggled underneath him trying to break free. But when I pushed back against him the rock hard ridge of his cock filled the cleft of my buttocks. 

That was when it happened. A shock right through me. A sudden erotic need from the center of my ass. My body was screaming yeah yeah yeah! My mind was stunned to standstill. My brother ground his crotch into the cleft, taking advantage of my sudden stillness. My mind reacted to this and I sank to the bed, but he followed me down humping me slowly. 

His full body weight was against me his breath in my ear as he chuckled: "That's it baby, take my thick cock! Let me fuck you nice and slow."

I lay there knowing I had lost the fight but my body was loving the attention, my mind too. The reserved part of me wanted it to stop, but the rest of me was loving it and wanted more. 

"Damn! You even smell like a sexy girl!" He groaned in my ear. "If you were a girl, I would be inside you by now. I know you want it!"

"Bastard!" I swore at him but I didn't move to resist him and my body reveled in the way he rode me. His thick hard shaft was sliding up and down the deep groove between my round buttocks, with only the thin silky fabric of the panties between us.

He had read me right, I did want him and he took advantage of the fact, took advantage of my prone body. He stroked my satin sheathed body, breathing in my perfume, moaning as he writhed against me, humping his hips against my buttocks, his cock bigger and harder and more desperate with every thrust. My body still wanted more and my mind was too weak to resist. 

I wriggled back against him thrilling at the heightened sensations and he moaned his appreciation. His humping became faster and more insistent, his hot hard shaft now gripped by my own fleshy ass cheeks as I squirmed in my own pleasure. My acceptance of this side of me, my submission to him, triggered his release. He gripped my hips tight as he frantically worked his dick up and down the hot little vice my ass cheeks made. He moaned and groaned in abandon as he came, coating my lower back with his seed, kissing my scented neck, panting and gasping in climax. He rode out his climax with long rough frantic strokes, his hands gripping me tight, his groans loud in my ear. My own cock, rock hard in the panties, rubbing across the sheets, the friction driving me deliriously over the edge as I writhed and bucked under him, filling my panties with pulse after pulse of hot cum.

Then as his humping hips slowed, he slumped on top of me, his weight entirely on me. His breathing slowed as he lay there drained and unmoving. I lay below him, strangely entranced by the submissive feeling of his body covering mine, despite the growing humiliation and embarrassment. 

"You are one hot little piece of ass!" He said, rolling off me. "You make a sexy girl, pretty boy!" He chuckled, laughing at his own joke.

He rolled under the covers and I followed suit. We lay there in silence and it wasn't long before his slow steady breathing told me he was asleep. Sleep was a long way from me, Even though I had just cum, my body was still aroused and crying out for more attention. My mind was whirling with all the implications of these new feelings and the sensuality of the lingerie I was wearing. The two wet sticky patches, on my back and in my panties, refusing to let me forget what had just gone on, meanwhile my great lug of a brother slept like a huge angel beside me. At some point I must have fallen asleep and I had vivid dreams of being taken repeatedly by big men with big cocks in my mouth and my ass. My willing little body desperate for all the attention it could get. I slept so restlessly that, several hours later, my own tossing and turning woke me up. 

I lay in the dark, luxuriating in the feeling of the clingy smooth satin and the rougher lace encasing me, listening to my brother's slow regular breathing. My mind was buzzing with vivid images from my dreams, hot hard cocks in my mouth. They were so realistic, I could almost taste them. My brother's cock nudged against my hand, and it was more than my desperate little body could take. Slowly and quietly I slipped down inch by inch under the covers until my face lay beside my brother's crotch. It was hot and steamy under the covers and the heady scent of his sex overwhelmed me. With gentle fingers I lifted his half hard cock and held it in my hand, reveling in the feel of manly arousal. I couldn't see it, but I loved the feel of it in my greedy little fingers. I kissed the head gently and ran my tongue all over it. It was musky and salty but not unpleasant, a real turn-on, it was such a sexy cock. 

My heart was thumping as I tentatively took the head of his cock between my lips. I swirled my tongue over it as my mouth filled with the thrilling new taste. Safely cocooned under the covers I fooled myself that my brother was fast asleep as I greedily feasted on his gorgeous cock. I gently caressed him with my lips and tongue, forcing myself to take my time and enjoy him, savoring every moment of this glorious prospect. My senses were full of his smell and taste, the feel of him filling my mouth, the sensation on my lips, my tongue, all of my mouth full of gorgeous cock. I gladly forgot about the body attached to the cock, about my brother and the pleasure I was giving him, it became all about the pleasure the cock was giving me, the oral delights. My mouth was full of cock, and so were my senses. I was taking him as deep as I could in my mouth, thrilling at the way the tip scraped across the back of my throat, astonished that when I began to gag there was lots more still to come. 

I gently held the base between the tips of all 10 fingers and I bobbed my head slowly up and down the length of his hard meaty cock reveling in the glorious sensations, and I ground my hips against the foot of the bed, desperate for my own release. I took my time pleasing myself, as much as him, in my desperate need to enjoy every moment of the situation, but there is only so much we could both take. My fingers felt the base of his cock boiling as the seed began to rise and then his hips bucked, pressing his cock deep into my mouth. I wanted this, I wanted to drink down the hot cum from this big hot cock, I was greedy for it. I suckled and slurped on the long thick shaft as it thrusted repeatedly into me filling me with both cock and cum with desperate upward thrusts. I barely acknowledged, but willingly submitted to the hands that now gripped my head through the padding of the duvet, forcing me to take more and more of the ramming meat in my desperate mouth. I swallowed greedily, instinctively and I moaned around his fat cock as, for the second time, my hips writhing against the sheets bring my panty clad cock to it's own release as I gagged and choked deliriously on the object of my oral desire. I continued to suckle and clean him as the shocks of my own orgasm coursed through me before I sheepishly let him slip from between my lips.

Suddenly the covers are pulled back and I can see my brothers grinning face in the hot light. 

"You are one hot little bitch! Wow! What a way to wake up! Girl, you will always be welcome in my bed! 

The next few hours were awkward but my brother made no big deal about it and the day went calmly and the butterflies in my stomach slowly dissipated. Over the next few days we got into a routine, I would dress for him at night and he would caress me and fill my mouth or ride the crack of my butt till he came. I would suck him every morning, sometimes in the middle of the night too, anytime he wanted it. The slut in me came out, she wanted his cock all the time, even in the men's room of one of Paris's prestigious museums. I gave him pleasure whenever he wanted it. I wore panties and stockings and sometimes slips and bras underneath my clothes. Occasionally he would nudge me as we passed a cute girl on the street and say things like: "that would look cute on you!" or "you look hotter than her!" Once we stopped in front of the lingerie store window and he said: "I would fuck you in that!" 

Fuck me! He wanted to fuck me! This thought excited me, and the following realization that I wanted it too plagued me for days. I wanted it so much that I ached for it. the sweet spot in my ass was desperate for that attention. I googled anal sex and read all I could. I knew what I wanted, I was too embarrassed to ask for it. I just didn't know how to get it, but slowly I came up with a plan.

The week later my parents were out for the evening, leaving my brother and I home in the apartment alone. Gavin had been horny all day for some reason, rubbing himself against me whenever no-one was watching. I had teased him at lunch by dropping my jeans behind our parents backs to reveal the thong and stockings I was wearing, bending over with my ass out to retrieve my jeans before slipping out of the room. All afternoon he had stayed close, making the most of every opportunity to grab my ass, pulling me onto his lap on an overcrowded bus where he made sure I could feel how hard he was. After that, I teased him more, even letting him feel the tips of my fingers on his cock. 

We had a bottle of cheap wine opened as soon as our parents left and I drank my share, gaining some courage. As he poured the second glass, Gavin told me he wanted to spend all evening having sex, he wanted to cum three times before he would let me sleep. 

"Go! Make yourself pretty!" He ordered. 

Fuck! What a turn on! I could barely contain myself as I had a very thorough shower then dressed in a short silky nightdress, crotch-less panties and black stockings. Before leaving the bathroom I used petroleum jelly to thoroughly lubricate my arsehole, picking up a hairbrush, I slowly opened up my hole with it, bent over and played it in and out of my arse. The tight feeling soon eased and was replaced with a delicious rubbing. I saw the array of makeup on the counter and was drawn into wasting a few more minutes applying eye liner, mascara, lip gloss and perfume and making my longish hair look a little more feminine. Finally, easing the big thick and now sticky handle out of me, I bent to slip on a pair off high heeled sandals.

It was worth the effort because when I opened the bathroom door my brother gave a wolf whistle and beckoned me over to the bed. He had music on the stereo and I danced a bit, showing off, it felt incredibly sexy to be dancing in heels and the wine had eased my apprehension. He held out the bottle from where he sat on the bed, his eyes never leaving my body as I danced. I eyed him, he really had a big strong masculine body, T shirt tight over his chest, muscled arms and a tight tummy. His cock was tenting the front of his boxer shorts as he filled my glass. 

I stayed close, watching what he had on the TV, some adult channel that was showing soft porn, and he ran his hands over the soft satin fabric that covered my sensitive skin sending delicious shivers through me. I slipped my hand inside his boxers and wrapped it around this big meat, feeling it grow even larger in my hand as I stroked it. Feeling his hand in my hair giving a little downward pressure is all it took me to lower my head and take his cock between my lips. "Yeah Jamie, suck me! Suck me good and hard then I'll fuck your pretty little ass!"

Greedily I feasted on my brother's hard cock, delighting in the sensations the thick hard shaft gave me, hoping that soon I would feel it inside me for the first time. 

Feeling his hands ease off my head I looked up at him, I held his gaze as I slipped his cock slowly out of my mouth. I took a deep breath. His smell was stunning. I took his rock hard cock with both hands. I pushed back the skin, so his splendid mushroom showed up. Then I watched him watch as I opened my hot red lips and softly put them around it. At the same time, I explored the tip with my tongue. I could taste his salty precum and thrilled at his throaty groan. I started sucking. At first, only the tip, but then I wanted more, I wanted to feel it filling my mouth. I opened up as much as I could and I put it inside.

"Oh fuck! Yes! You do it so well! You are a natural, do what you were born to do."

I started moving up and down while keeping him in my mouth, letting my tongue and lips caress his hot hard length, following my instinct. He was moaning gently, my teasing all day had had a good effect. He began to groan as I took him deeper and more frantically. My need for his cum almost as keen as his own. I kept my eyes on him, eating up the desire and lust he was feeling. Taking the tip and slurping on it as he began to lose himself.

"You want me to cum in your mouth, don't you!"

I lifted my lips enough to murmur: "Yes, I want your cum in my mouth, I want taste it and I want to swallow it all." I kissed and lapped at the sensitive underside of the head

"Fuck. Like the good bitch you are." He groaned.

I started sucking avidly. I licked his shaft, his balls, and then back to sucking. At some point, he put his hands in the back of my head and started pushing. He almost made me gag, but I liked it, I loved that submissive feeling. I only could think about making him come, I greedily took all he gave me.

"Here it comes, princess!"

I felt his cock pulsating and his cum invading my mouth. Pulse after pulse of thick sticky cum filled my mouth. I swallowed everything, greedy for every drop, savoring and thrilling at the feeling of total satisfaction I was giving my big brother. Fuck! It was such a sexy feeling, I was enjoying becoming his cum slut.

His hands were still in my hair holding me in place, I lapped and suckled on his cock as his thrusts subsided and the jets of cum slowed to a stop. Kissing his cock and balls and thighs. Murmuring "I love your cock." over and over, as I caressed and kissed it. 

He never got fully soft, so I took him back in my mouth and soon he began to harden again, making a thrill of delight pass through me. I felt really proud of my cock sucking powers as his cock swelled ever harder between my eager lips. 

Gavin was loving having my mouth on his cock but he wanted the crack in my ass more. He coaxed my head off his cock grinning saying: "Now, now sweetie, I know how much you like sucking me and there will plenty of time for that later but now your ass needs some attention. He pulled me up and steered me to the bedroom, one hand at my neck, one on my ass. Standing in front of the bed he pushed me over until I was on my belly and he straddled me his big hard body firm against mine.
