 Quick Author's note: I was going upload Pt3, but it's quite short so I took pity on you and added Pt 4 as well. Sometimes it's a lonely place releasing your work into the wild... so feel free to add comments, good or bad.. either way it's better than tumbleweed...

*****

Part 3:

Zach stood on the sidewalk next to the baseball field as the van drove away. He could barely believe all that had happened to him since he had left home for his usual run early in the morning. Now the sun was dipping toward the horizon, although the day was still warm, and the boy stood dumbly looking around himself as he tried to come to terms with suddenly being back in the regular world. It was so surreal, like stepping out of a dark movie theater into the bright sunshine of a summer afternoon, after watching some crazy horror movie. Just beyond the fence surrounding the baseball field were the batting cages, and four high school kids were gathered there only a few yards away watching Zach. When the barely clothed boy had climbed out of the van they had stopped what they were doing and gaped open mouthed. They kind of recognized Zach. He had been a Senior their Freshman year, and he had been somewhat of a star on the track and wrestling teams. Seeing him get out of some random guys van in the shortest of running shorts, which were clearly way too small for him, with his cock bulging lewdly in the tight translucent confines, was both shocking and titillating. As the four kids looked closer they saw red marks on Zach's obviously oiled up torso, and his nipples looked sore and swollen. Plus it looked like something dried and crusty clung to the undeniably buff looking older boy's stomach. 

The biggest of the four boys spoke up in a loud stage whisper... "Dude I think that's cum on his belly!"

"Eww! Don't be gross." another scoffed.

"No! Really Dude, I think he's a fag, look at his faggy shorts!"

"Do you think he sucked that guy off in the back of that van?" A third boy queried.

"I don't know, let's ask." the first replied, "Hey fag was that your boyfriend? Did you suck him off in the back of his van?" All three boys found this hilarious and started yelling names at Zach, The bigger boy, obviously the ringleader, grabbed his crotch and shouted... "Hey fagboy! Wanna suck MY dick too?" which finally brought Zach out of his trance.

Flushing with embarrassment and for the first time in a long time feeling nearly naked and exposed in the tightly stretched shorts, Zach broke into a run, desperate to reach the safety of his home. As he turned and ran, the fourth boy, who had said nothing so far, broke his silence.

"Shit man, that was Zach Castro. He used to be on the wrestling team with my brother. Who knew he was a fucking queer?"

Zach ran as fast as he could, breaking a sweat quickly in the warm evening air. The taunts of the younger boys had humiliated him, and made him realize what a mess he was. He must look like some slutty, gay GoGo Boy in these super tight little shorts, and oil still slick on his torso. Feeling this self conscious was a new experience for Zach. His normal swagger was long gone, and all he wanted was to get home and take a long hot shower. As he turned the corner into his street he uneasily acknowledged the waves of one or two of his neighbors. It felt to Zach that they knew what had been done to him and they were judging him, and shaking their heads behind his back. He need not have worried. In fact they barely batted an eyelid at Zach's state of dress, being used to his habitual easy-going exhibitionism around the neighborhood. 

Breathing a sigh of relief he realized that his parents were not yet home as he turned into the driveway of the unremarkable tract house, almost identical to all the others in the street. He ran around to the back door, still unlocked as he had left it when he had gone for his run that morning. Sore and tired, he climbed the stairs to his bedroom, and sat on his bed putting his head in his hands. For long minutes he sat trying to make sense of all that had happened over the course of the day. He knew he should phone the police, and twice his hand rested on the cellphone sitting on his nightstand, but he just could not make himself do it. What would he tell them? Would they believe him? What would they say if they saw the video? What if it got out that he had been turned into some guys bitch for the day? He could never live that down. 

He stood, and slipped the sneakers off his feet. Then he caught a glimpse of himself in the full length mirror on the back of the door leading to his bathroom. He looked at his reflection. His tanned torso still shimmering a little with the sweat from his run, and remnants of the oil he had been slathered in by the mysterious Man who had abducted him, and abused his fit young body. The translucent white shorts showed the contours of his prick clearly, with the fleshy tube showing through where the material hugged the shaft most tightly. As he looked he saw his cock twitch and begin to stiffen. He rubbed the palm of his hand across his nylon encased member. He felt so sordid and cheap. Used and tormented by that Man, he had allowed the twisted fuck to feed Zach his spunk. Yet despite his disgust at the thought, Zach's dick quickly became fully hard again. He peeled the clinging shorts down his long athletic thighs, freed his throbbing cock, and kicked slutty garment off his feet. Remembering the pain of the clamps on his tits, and the sting of the whip on his tightly muscled body, he began to slowly jack himself off. As he did so, a thought came unbidden to his head, and the image that had dogged his erotic nighttime imaginings, of himself bound on his knees being forced to suck cock, sprang into his mind. Zach stopped, and padded, naked and hard out of his bedroom, down the stairs and into the kitchen. Opening the fridge he rifled through the vegetable drawer until he found what he was looking for, and returned to his room. Lowering himself to his knees, and turning at an angle to the mirror he raised the zucchini to his lips, and licked at the tip of the vegetable. Then, little by little, he pushed the thing into his mouth, imagining it was a some strangers dick which he was being forced to suck. As he used his hot moist tongue to massage the length of the make-believe phallus, his other hand stroked his own drooling prick faster, and faster. Out of the corner of his eye Zach watched himself in the mirror. When he felt close to cumming Zach pushed the invading vegetable to the back of his throat, making himself gag on it. The imagined violation of his unwilling orifice pushed him over the edge, and Zach collected a fresh load of cum into his palm. He looked at the pool of fresh jizz cupped in his trembling hand, smeared the slimy semen onto the zucchini and forced himself to clean it off with his tongue like some well trained cocksucker. This was further than he had ever taken his secret fantasy before. The last time he had not been anywhere near as brazen, and yet it had freaked him out, and made him lock away his filthy imaginings, and bury his illicit feelings for well over a year, but this time it felt different. It felt like something had changed inside of him. 

Later as Zach took a shower, soaping off the oil, and dried cum from his torso, and lathering up his thankfully worn out cock and empty balls, he surprised himself by leaning back and sliding down the tiled wall, sitting down in the corner of the stall, wrapping his arms around himself and sobbing. At first the crying was soft and silent, but soon his entire body was wracked by huge sobs. The water played over his trembling, tired out frame, until at last the final sniveling tear was wrung from him. Zach turned the shower off and dried himself. Then he climbed into his bed. Ignoring the ringing of his cell phone, as his girlfriend tried to get a hold of him for perhaps the hundredth time that day, Zach fell swiftly asleep.

He awoke on Sunday morning having slept for almost 12 hours. His body ached as he stretched. He was supposed to be meeting his girlfriend, and joining some of the guys at the beach, assuming she forgave him for not answering her calls last night. He slipped on a pair of boardshorts and a t-shirt, but the friction of the material on his still sensitive nipples immediately caused his cock to stir, and he pulled it off again, not wanting to think about the previous day. Normally he would not have thought twice about leaving the house in just his shorts and flip flops, but today Zach felt like like everyone he passed leered lasciviously at his shirtless torso, and he hunched his shoulders, averted his eyes and hurried on.

His girlfriend did finally forgive him, and as the week progressed he succeeded in pushing thoughts of the Man to the back of his mind, at least for some of the time. At other times, when out for a run, or while in the line getting an Iced Coffee, or working at the Gym, thoughts of the whipping and the jacking off and the cumming, and cum-eating, came back to him, and he immediately sprang a rock hard and hugely embarrassing boner, which he then had to somehow hide. He took to wearing dark colored jeans and shorts to hide the damp patch that inevitably soaked into them from his rigid and dripping pole. At one point he even had an impulsive urge to persuade his girlfriend to tie his hands to the bed posts while they made out, but he choked at the last minute, worried that she would think him weird.

Gradually he convinced himself that he had been unable to prevent what had happened. He had been a helpless captive, forced to do what the Man wanted. He decided to try and forget the whole thing. Yet when he lay in bed between sleep and wakefulness, he imagined himself back in the basement, with strange hands on his body, masturbating his painfully stiff prick, feeding him a strangers seed.

Then on Thursday, an unexpected e-mail appeared in his inbox. All it contained was a link to a website. Zach clicked on the link, and the browser opened on an x-rated video sharing site. Zach stared in horror at the title of the video. "Breaking Zach". He clicked play, and there for anyone to see were carefully edited highlights of the previous Saturday's events. He felt sick, and an icy weight settled in his stomach. Yet despite this his prick began to harden again. Zach scrolled down and looked at the Many comments below.

"If that little stud-puppy was my slaveboy I would fuck him senseless all day every day"

"Lets see a cock up his ass, make him beg for it."

"Turn the bitch into a cumdump."

"Lets see his lips around your fuckstick, and cover the prettyboy's face in cum." 

Once again, despite Zach's fear of exposure, he was totally boned up reading the comments, and had to deal with the problem before he could leave his room and go and have dinner with his parents.

The remainder of Thursday and all of Friday passed in a semi-permanent daze. He promised himself that he would not meet the Man again, yet he made excuses not to meet his girlfriend, telling her he had a lucrative private training session for a client on Friday night. She was unhappy, but agreed, and joked that it was probably some rich bitch who just wanted him for his body. When he finished work that day he drove home, and sat in confusion on his bed. What was he doing? This was crazy. He was not going to meet the Man again. Why would he? He would go for a run to settle his head. So he stripped off his clothes and pulled on a pair of running shorts, slipped on his sneakers and left the house. The evening was not just warm but almost stiflingly hot, and he was soon sweating heavily. His mind was a turmoil of confused thoughts just as the Man had intended. Before the van pulled up beside Zach he was only dimly aware of where he had run to. As the vehicle stopped beside him and he heard the Man's voice ordering him to get in, he looked around and recognized the ball park where the Man had let him out last weekend. Dazedly he sat in the passenger seat, and closed the door. The van accelerated off for the short drive to the house on the edge of town. Meanwhile, the four boys were once again hanging out in the batting cages on the edge of the baseball field, and watched Zach climb into the van. They smirked at each other knowingly as it sped away. 

Zach felt the Man's hand on his thigh.

"I approve of your attire boy." he growled. "Less to remove later."

The hand moved up his thigh and came to rest on his cock, which had already begun to spring to life. Zach closed his eyes, and a single tear escaped, and rolled down his cheek.

"What have you done to me?" he groaned, turning to look at the Man.

"I can't stop thinking about those things you did to me. When I'm at work, out for a run, even when I'm with my girl, I think about all that sick stuff you did."

"You've turned me into some kind of freak... a... a pervert."

"No... I didn't do anything. I just allowed you to be yourself. You know you wanted what I did to you. You asked for it. I may have restrained you, but only so that you could finally admit to yourself what you are. What you need. You even came back here of your own free will."

" NO," Zach shouted. "I don't have any free will anymore. What you did... I...I...can't get it out of my head. Its there whenever I close my eyes. It's like my body's not my own anymore."

"That, boy, is because it's not. I told you last week. I own you now. Mind, body and soul... and such a beautiful body it is. A body like yours is built to be used by a real man like me."

Zach shivered, knowing that what the Man said was true. Why else had he come here tonight, dressed as he was?

"There's no need to be so melodramatic. You aren't a freak, or a pervert or some kind of monster. This is simply the natural order of things. You were born submissive. It's quite common for a straight jock boy like you to have a secret submissive side. You are by no means the first that I have encountered. That blond boy I showed you on the video was as well, and he's married now. Although whenever he comes back to town, he makes time to come to me and show me that he still knows his true place." 

"I have such things planned for you boy. Your first video has proved very popular. The next ones will be even more so. My clients are clamoring to see more of you. I opened up a forum for suggestions about what to do to you next. I think you'll like them. Some of my clients are very... imaginative. Its going to be such fun fulfilling all their fantasies."

Zach shuddered. He had seen plenty of suggestions in the comments under the video the Man had posted on the porn site.

"Oh don't get me wrong boy, it will be hard for you. But we both know you crave that, You want your body tested, your limits to be pushed. Why else do you keep it looking so good? In school your Coach made you work hard to maintain your prime physical condition. No pain, no gain, right. Didn't your Coach ever tell you that Pain is just Weakness leaving the body? Well, now that you have left school the responsibility has passed to me, and I will not tolerate weakness. With me you will become little more than an object to provide pleasure. and I get pleasure from your humiliation, but I think maybe that so do you. It is the ultimate act of submission for a fit young straight boy like you to surrender yourself to be used by another man. You are a born submissive and I am your Superior. Like I said it's the natural order of things."

The van stopped and Zach recognized the house and the cellar door standing open, awaiting his arrival.

"Strip... now!" the Man commanded, and, as if in a trance Zach did so. Leaving the shorts and sneakers in the car, he walked through the gathering darkness, feeling the hot night air caressing his naked body. Still, fear and anticipation made him shiver. Down the steps into the darkness they walked, the Man a few steps behind, blocking Zach's escape. He felt as if he were being swallowed whole. 

Pt 4:

At the bottom of the stairs the Man flicked a light on, and grabbed Zach's arms, forcing them behind him. The trembling boy felt cold metal snick into place on his wrists as handcuffs locked about them. Zach looked around him. The cinder block room they were in was largely empty, but he noticed several cameras with red lights flashing, indicating that they were running.

"Kneel." the Man ordered, and unthinkingly Zach did as he was told. He had felt so aroused as the Man talked about his body as an object of pleasure for others. He knew he had no choice but to do as the man told him. He needed to feel this way. To be treated as a mere plaything. An object. From a small table, the only furniture in the room, the Man picked up a set of hair clippers. Zach, realizing what was about to happen bowed his head and the clippers buzzed to life. His face flushed with shame, yet he was unable to protest. Shocked by his own submissiveness, he found himself close to tears once again. His already short hair began to tumble around him, tickling his torso as it fell. Soon only a dark shadow of stubble was left on his skull. Next the Man held Zach's arm's up, one at a time, as he shaved both sparsely furred armpits. Zach had shaved his head before, as a team bonding exercise with the other wrestlers, but this felt somehow so much more erotic, and humiliating, to be shackled, kneeling at this dominant Mans feet, and having the last of his hair removed.

"Much better boy." the Man sneered. "I like my boys hairless whenever possible. You do such a nice job keeping cock and balls nice and smooth. That's another sign of you're true nature."

Zach continued to kneel, head bowed, looking at the twitching organ between his legs as the foreskin drew back ever so slowly, and the purple head began to peek out. Inside his last vestiges of wilfulness crumbled. Taking advantage of the almost trance-like state the boy seemed to have entered, Zach's captor quickly grabbed a small glass of water, which had been set next to the clippers, laced with a potent erectile dysfunction drug and a little something extra besides, and made the boy swallow it down in one quick gulp. The Man was sure that his compliant new boy would be aroused by the treatment he was about to endure, but just to be certain he had decided to keep the boy painfully hard, and leave him in no doubt that his mind and body craved to be used and abused.

"Get up" the Man barked.

Zach rose from his knees, and waited as the Man unfastened the cuffs, then opened a door ahead of him and shoved him through.

The next room was the same white tiled one from his previous visit, but now it looked almost like an operating theater. In the center stood a large stainless steel table, about waist high. The edge was slightly raised, and Zach saw a shallow gutter inside this leading to a drain at one end. Above that was a multiple headed lamp on a pose-able arm, much like an operating room light. Against one wall several glass fronted cabinets stood, and there were several other pieces of equipment the purpose of which Zach was unable to guess. Slowly it dawned on him that rather than an operating theater, this more closely resembled an autopsy room, like the Medical Examiner would use on shows like C.S.I., and a chill ran down his spine. Oh God, he thought, this guy is a Psycho, no-one knows where I am or who I'm with. This guy could torture me to death and no-one would ever know what had happened. He tried to dismiss his fears as irrational. If the Man had wanted to harm him he had already had every opportunity to do so, but despite this anxiety gripped his heart, and yet also an illicit thrill of excitement ran through his body. His mouth was dry, and his stomach was so full of butterflies he thought he might throw up.

The Man made him sit on one end of the table, then pushed his shoulders back until he lay with his back on the cold steel slab, while his legs hung off the edge. Then the Man took his wrists and pulled him bodily up the table until his whole length lay prone, shoulders, buttocks and calves pressed down onto the chilly metal surface. Leather cuffs hung on short chains at the head of the table and the Man proceeded to buckle Zach's wrists into them so that his arms were held loosely above his head. .Zach looked down his body. His agitation caused each breath to catch as he drew it in, and his chest to shudder, and stomach quiver as he breathed out. His penis was fully and throbbingly erect, thanks to the drug he had swallowed earlier. Resting stiffly on his veined lower belly, pulsing with his every heartbeat, the gaping piss slit leaked a little silvery fluid onto his taut abs.
