 Zach hung limp and defeated, restrained against the coldly clinical white tiled wall, The Man's words echoed in his head. Had he thought about what it would be like if one of the men commenting on his videos managed to get a hold of him? One of them, or perhaps more than one? Yes of course he had. He thought back to the first time one of those comments had caught his eye.

"Oh! The things I would do to you, boy!" it had said.

At first Zach had laughed it off. Like there was any chance of that. Sure he loved to show off his body, and he really didn't mind that guys were watching his videos as well as girls. It was like giving him kudos for all the work he put in to developing his body. OK maybe it was kind of hot as well, knowing that other guys wanted him, but it was that phrase which got stuck in Zach's head... "The things I would do to you"... Not "with you", but "to you"... like Zach would have no say... like he was just a piece of meat... and Zach kept thinking what DID the guy want to do to him?

It played on Zach's mind until eventually he replied to the commenter and, trying to pass it off jokingly, asked the guy to describe exactly what he wanted to do to Zach. Perhaps if the boy had known just how much that question would change his life Zach never would never have asked it.

In due course the guy replied and told Zach he liked to seduce straight boys like him, get them high and a little drunk and persuade them to suck his cock. Zach responded that he didn't believe the guy. He figured it was just a bullshit fantasy the guy had, but the commenter assured him he was for real. The man went further, and swore that he had persuaded the more pliant boys to let him tie them up, and tease their cocks until they were begging to cum, then tease them some more until they agreed to let him fuck them if only they could be allowed to cum. Zach told the guy he was dreaming. There was no fucking way that any straight guy would let him do that, but again the guy insisted it was true, and furthermore told Zach he was pretty sure he would have Zach begging to be fucked after just one evening with him. Zach told the guy there was absolutely no chance of that happening unless he had a bunch of guys overpower him and hold him down, and the guy told him that could be arranged. 

"Imagine," he told Zach,"that your hands are cuffed behind you, and your ankles are roped to your thighs so you are forced to kneel. You are totally at my mercy. The only way you can get free is to suck my cock." 

The thought of being overpowered by a group of men and bound into a kneeling position, then forced to suck a cock made Zach shiver, and his super hard dick twitch. He stopped replying to the guy after that, too uncomfortable with the thoughts the man inspired in the his mind, but the guy sent one more message which read... "Yeah! I think you would suck it, wouldn't you kid?"

Two days later, another commenter appeared saying "I would tie you up and fuck you so hard with my big dick that my cum would bubble out of your fucking nose, bitch!", and then it was like the dam had been broken, and comment after comment kept appearing under the video, from guys describing what they wanted to do to Zach, and it blew Zach's mind. Every kind of sex act, and kink Zach had ever heard of and plenty which he had never considered were even possible were listed. What blew the boy's mind even more though was how hard his cock got as he read the comments. But it was still that image of him roped on his knees being forced to suck cock which kept coming back to Zach. Late at night, after his Parents had gone to bed, he would get naked and kneel in front of his full length mirror, imagining he was being made to suck off a guy, and he would jack off his big juicy teen cock until it shot his creamy boy cum all over the glass, until finally one night he collected the cooling dribbling spunk on three fingers and forced them between his lips, imagining the man who had turned him into a cocksucker was making him clean every last drop of slime off his dick. 

The feelings which that last night had stirred in Zach had scared him. He still considered himself straight. He still loved his girlfriend. So he closed his account on the website, and for a while he had locked those illicit fantasies away in the darker recesses of his mind... until now...

Zach's attention was suddenly wrenched back to the present as his captor began to oil his sweating torso. The oil smelled slightly of menthol and it made his skin tingle. As the Man flicked his thumbs over Zach's pert little nipples the boy gasped. It seemed that his whole body had become hypersensitive to every touch. Zach felt the slick hands slide over his tight abs, and a finger slid around his slightly raised outie belly button, making the boys drooling cock jerk upward, and causing Zach to groan. The Man noted both reactions. He liked a boy with sensitive nipples. A lot could be achieved with a boy whose tits were wired directly to his dick, but a sensitive outie was a new bonus, and surely would be loads of fun to tease and torment. 

It wasn't long before the whole front of Zach's lean, toned body was shimmering with a coating of the aromatic oil. The Man stood back to appreciate his handiwork. The boy looked magnificent with the harsh light of the overhead spots combining with the oil to enhance the appearance of the boy's musculature to perfection. Each breath caused his chest to swell, and his ribcage to expand. The little knots of the serratus muscles down the boy's flanks stood out in glorious definition, and his taut stretched belly tightened alluringly. Finally the Man coated the throbbing dripping cock, and Zach grunted, thrusting his hips out to no avail. 

Zach's eyes closed, his whole body more alive and sensitized than he had ever felt before. He barely registered the sound as the Man picked up something that jingled softly. With a jolt of shock they flew open again as the Man pinched at Zach's erect nipples, causing the boy to catch his breath. Seconds later though, his eyes bulged wider than ever, and he yelled in agony, as a cold touch on his tits erupted into a searing, white hot pain ripping across his chest. Looking down through tear hazed eyes, he saw two visciosly toothed metal clips hanging from the tip of each nipple.

"Arrrgh, Jesus, take them off, please... they hurt so bad, you gotta fucking take them off."

"Wimping out on me so soon boy?" The Man sneared.."I thought you were made of sterner stuff than that little blond bitch I showed you. That's why I skipped the pegs, and went straight for the alligator clips."

Zach cried out and shuddered uncontrollably, but gradually the initial shock and pain subsided to a harsh stabbing ache in his poor, battered nipples, and Zach's yells subsided to sobs, and gasps.

Eager to continue the torment of his new boy-toy, the Man was back from his box of tricks once more, with a handful of clothes pegs which he began to clip onto the agonized boys pulsing shaft, and then the tender part of his inner thighs, and finally the skin between his chest and armpits, and just for good measure, a couple on each straining bicep.

Zach had seen photos of people pegged in this way before, as well as the boy in the video earlier, and he had always felt that the pain would not be so bad, but as each new peg was attached to his tortured flesh, the cumulative effect made him writhe and thrash in growing anguish. The Man stood back once more to survey his work, and give the cameras an unobstructed view of his deliciously squirming young victim. Despite the pain from his tender tits, and throbbing ache of the pegs on his tormented flesh, the boys penis stayed rock hard.

After 10 minutes Zach was drenched in sweat, but seemed to have become resigned to the level of pain he was suffering, and so the Man first flicked at the pegs, and slowly began to remove each devilish pincer, reveling in the yelps and whimpering groans as blood rushed back into the formerly clipped and nastily nipped flesh. Evil looking red welts showed where each peg had been clamped.

The greatest and most satisfying screams, however, were reserved for when the teeth of the alligator clips released the poor boys tortured nipples. Zach felt sure the metal jaws had pierced the soft, tender flesh, but when he was finally able to look at the sore nubs, no blood was visible. Just chewed, and swollen, sore and reddened flesh. He sighed with relief, but the respite was short lived as the Man produced a switch with which he began to flick the already mashed and battered nipples. This new pain was almost too much. Zach sobbed, and tears streaked his face. His whole chest was on fire, the skin around the nipples red and sore and raise in welts the shape of the leather switch, and the babbling boy began to beg the Man to stop.

At last the blows to his raw, mangled tits ended, leaving Zach hanging limply, tears dripping from the end of his nose. The Man smiled to himself. He loved being able to reduce arrogant, macho, straight, jocks like Zach to sniveling sissyboys. He collected a cordless drill from the box and began to unscrew the restraints on the boys legs, then his upper arms and finally his wrists. The boy was so exhausted, he barely flinched as the Man wrapped his arm around his naked body, easily holding him upright as his legs threatened to give way. However, the ordeal was far from over, and before Zach could object, handcuffs snicked tightly around his wrists, and seemingly with little effort he felt his arms lifted and secured to a hook in the ceiling. Once again his body was stretched and displayed for the cameras. Zach looked up and caught sight of his reflection in the mirrored wall in front of him. Sweat trickled from his hair, and his sparsely forested armpits. He watched as a bead rolled into the cleft between his pecs, then down his twitching stomach, and eventually on further down between his legs. His cock and balls throbbed painfully, and precum collected on the swollen purple head. This had been his secret, deeply buried fantasy for so long, and he was incredibly turned on, despite, or perhaps because of the fear of being at the mercy of this sadistic stranger. Yet the reality was so much more than the fantasy had ever been. His senses were overwhelmed. He wished for it to end, at the same time as needing and wanting more. 

Then his view of his own hot, and sexily stretched body in the mirrored wall was blocked by the Man again.

While the kid recovered, and stared at his sweating reflection, the Man had plucked something else from his box of secrets. In his hands was the whip he had used in the video he had shown Zach earlier. It's handle was a foot long, and perhaps a dozen or more strands of leather about 2 ft long dangled from it. Each strand was flat and about 1/4 inch wide. This was intended to sting but not break the skin. He had used the flogger many times in the past, and it always served his purposes well.

Zach looked at the whip with mingled fear and desire. The Man had been right about him. He had jacked off many times imagining being restrained and helpless just like this, and feeling the sting of a whip on his young, tightly muscled, and delightfully smooth body. He could not believe that he was about to experience the reality. He could no longer deny to himself that he wanted to feel it, but he wondered whether he would be able to take it. His apprehension increased as the Man's arm rose. But instead of the expected pain, Zach felt the strands of the whip stroking up across his stomach and chest, then dropping back down and almost caressing his stiff, pulsing cock. He could not help it when a moan escaped his lips. The feeling was so strangely erotic.

The Man heard the moan, and was pleased with the progress he had made with the boy. While the helpless kid was experiencing this brief moment of pleasure the Man withdrew the whip, raised his arm and brought it swiftly across the boys stomach, the strands wrapping around his left hip.

The sudden blow connected with a crack, sending a stinging pain across Zach's taut abs. The feeling was intense but surprisingly not as shatteringly painful as he had expected. Swiftly, more blows began to land. Some caught him on the chest, stinging his still sore nipples, and flicking into his armpit. Some painfully caught his throbbing penis, causing it to jump and precum to fly from its tip. Zach felt the repetitive bite of the leather strands as his stomach, chest, hips and upper thighs began to glow red beneath his tan, but it seemed to him that the feel of each stinging blow was more arousing then painful. His gasps as the whip was laid across his naked flesh were not in agony, but rather from an electrifying erotic charge which it sent through his body. He needed to cum so badly. His whole body ached for it. Yet the stimulation from the flagellation was somehow not enough to tip him over the edge as it had the blond boy in the earlier video. The Man ordered him to turn around, and he did so without thinking, utterly lost and subjugated to the whim of his captor. The leather strands now began striping and stinging his shoulders, lower back and buttocks. Zach's body seemed to vibrate with his pent up sexual need. Without realizing it, his sweat covered frame was writhing and wriggling in the most erotic fashion, his muscular back tensing with the anticipation of each blow, and he raised up on his toes, moaning desperately with the need to orgasm.

Finally the blows teasing his tight teen body stopped and he almost begged for the Man to continue. Front and back his sizzling flesh burned with a fiery glow. Dripping with perspiration, and more alive with sexual energy than he had ever felt before, Zach opened his eyes, with a dazed look of lust. The Man laid down the whip, and a glimmer of hope entered Zach's lust clouded mind, that he would finally be permitted to blow his aching load. The Man stood before his horribly horned-up captive and spun the boy back around to face the Cameras. His left arm curled around the boys chest, holding his naked shoulders against his own clothed chest. The Mans right arm came around Zach's right hip and a rough, calloused hand enclosed his still fully erect prick.

"Oh God, please Sir, let me cum" he begged

Zach could feel the Man's powerful muscular chest beneath the shirt, pressing into his naked back. As he began to stroke the begging boys stiff member. He began to whisper in Zach's ear. 

"You are such a fucking prick tease. A hot little stud-puppy like you needs to be shown his proper place. Imagine all those men you gave blue balls to with your slutty online antics watching this now. Imagine them seeing you getting owned. Imagine them cheering me on as their favorite jock slut gets turned into a simpering bitch, begging to be allowed to cum. What do you think would happen if I threw you into a room full of those guys, and locked you in there? How many loads would you be made to suck down with that hot hungry mouth?" the man forced two fingers between Zach's lips and the boy sucked on them feverishly. "How many cocks would force their way into that tight little ass and pump their seed inside you? Hmmm? 

It took only a few pumps of the Man's hand before the boy's body began to stiffen. Images created by the Man's words were burning in his fevered mind.

"Argh..argh ARRRGHHHH!" Zach yelled as he spewed his boyseed towards the watching cameras. Erupting high into the air, and then splattering noisily onto the hard cement floor. The Man milked his victim mercilessly. Collecting some of the last of the creamy juice in the palm of his hand, he held it to the boys lips, and after a moment's pause the lusty boy licked his own sperm out of the Mans hand. The boy was clearly spent. His body went limp in the Man's arms, resting his head on his captors shoulder. Looking straight into the camera in front of him the Man began to run his hands all over Zach's sweat slick body. Pinching, and probing at the relaxing muscles. Seemingly oblivious to his surroundings the kid began to writhe against him, whimpering softly. Finally the Man let go of the boy, moving around to stand before him, unzipping his fly and releasing his own throbbing penis. Ferociously he began to beat his meat, looking lasciviously at the dangling teen. In just a few minutes he yelled as his huge cock began to spurt his own Manseed all over Zach. The creamy sperm contrasted beautifully with the tanned muscled chest, and stomach on which it landed. Putting his Manhood away he collected some of the cum from the boy's still hot and sweaty flesh, and held it to the boys mouth. Zach turned his head away. He had eaten his own sperm before, but he was not about to eat this sadistic stranger's spunk. The Man grabbed his chin. He would not take no for an answer. He roughly shoved his cum soaked fingers into the boys mouth.

Zach could taste the funky unfamiliar sperm on his tongue as the Man forced three of his fingers between his lips. Reflexively he licked them and swallowed before he was able to stop himself. Pleased with the response the Man removed his fingers, and let go of the boys face. Then he left the boy chained and stretched out, with just the cameras watching him, and vacated the room. Time passed in a slow daze for Zach. 

After an hour his shoulders were sore and aching. His stomach felt hollow and empty. He felt like he had been eviscerated. Shame at his lustful and depraved behavior with this mysterious and perverted Man had begun to torment him. He hated the way he had begged for the Man to let him cum. He hated the way he had whimpered at the Man's demanding touch. Most of all he hated having sucked the cum off his Captors fingers, and the unwanted memory of doing the same to himself in his own bedroom while kneeling before his mirror slipped out of the locked vault of his mind, recalling the fearfully disquieting feelings that lurid act had elicited as a shudder wracked the overstimulated and exhausted boy. 

At last his captor returned and released Zach from the chains. Throwing a pair of too small, white nylon running shorts, with the liner cut out of them, and the boys own sneakers at him the Man told Zach to put them on.

"You are free to go Zach. Now I know you could run to the authorities, and tell them all about what happened here. They might even believe you that you were brought here against your will, perhaps, until they see the video of you begging me to let you cum. But I don't think you will. Deep down you want what I can offer you."

Zach pulled the tight shorts over his hips. The thin material was translucent, and his cock clearly showed through where the flesh touched the form hugging nylon. The Man led him through the door, into a dark, dimly lit cellar within which his unadjusted eyes could not make out any detail after the brightly lit and mostly white room he had been held in all day. Zach was ushered up some stairs and out into the evening light. The Man told Zach to get into his van, and drove the subdued boy a short distance to a baseball field which Zach knew. The Man let Zach out and spoke one last time to him.

"Be back here on Friday at 8pm if you want more." and with that he drove away.