 The night Zach sucked his first cock, he was certain that he would be fucked as well. After all, the Man had said at the very beginning that he could have Zach begging to be fucked in just one evening. But it didn't happen. Nor did the man introduce the boy to any of the evil looking devices he had been shown in the room which Zach now thought of as the Dungeon. Instead he was driven back to the baseball field which had now taken on the aspect of a gateway back into the "Real World" for Zach. It felt like the Man was toying with him, like a cat plays with a mouse, and in truth he was. His plan for Zach was to make the boy so anxious, and fearful in anticipation of the moment when his virginity would be taken that the worry, tension and unease would gradually become more unbearable than the idea of the actual act itself. If everything went to plan the boy would eventually break down and beg to be fucked just to get the whole thing over with, and end his state of nervous apprehension.

As the Man drove off he had shouted after Zach,

"Same time next week, Cocksucker!"

The devices that the Man had placed on Zach's nipples and belly button had left them feeling sore and sensitive. When he had first taken them off, Zach's nipples had been swollen and puffy , and the Man had made the boy howl, by pinching and stretching them some more, calling them Zach's Bitch Tits as he tugged on them. The following day he could feel the coarse fabric of the black polo shirt which he had to wear when he worked at the gym rubbing on all three tender spots, and the words of the Man rang in his head...

"We're going to work on these little tits. Make them bigger and more sensitive, so that the friction from even the loosest shirt will make your horny little dick hard... What do you say slut?" 

...and Zach's cock twitched, and began to swell in his tight skinny fit black shorts. 

Worse still, after work, when Zach had finished his own workout at the gym, and had gone to the locker room to take a shower, he had totally been caught staring at some random guys naked dick, wondering what it would feel like to have the hefty slab of meat between his lips, while his own dick rode to half mast, and the guy saw, and Zach thought he was about to get punched out. Instead the man had smirked, raised an eyebrow, and glanced down at his own cock resting in the upturned palm of his hand, as if to invite Zach to drop to his knees and service it. Zach had flushed with embarrassment, and hurriedly left the shower, flustered and confused. 

When he got home to an empty house, Zach looked at himself in the full length mirror in his bedroom. Maybe it was his imagination, but he was sure his tits showed more under his shirt than they had used to. It didn't even register with Zach that he had started thinking of his nipples as tits now. It just seemed natural. When he pulled his shirt off he felt the friction of the coarse material on the seemingly permanently erect nubs. He slid his gym shorts down his tanned thighs, letting his stiffening cock loose, and began to tug and pull on his sensitive tits just as the man had done, stretching and inflaming them more, and groaning like a slut. Then one hand slipped down his taut, flat belly and began to play with his hot little outie belly button, dragging a fingernail around it, then pinching it between his thumbnail and fingernail, and tugging. A rush of elicit pleasure washed through the tightly wound boy and he fell to his knees, head thrown back in ecstasy, and cock, throbbingly hard, pulsing along with his racing heart. Zach was shocked at the strength of the feelings surging through him. Once again he found himself padding naked from his bedroom, dripping cock leading the way, to the laundry room where he scrabbled around in a drawer until he found three abandoned clothes pins. 

Then he hurried back to his room, sat on the edge of his bed and placed two of the pins on his puffy little tits, groaning and rolling his eyes as he did so. Lying back on the bed he used the third to clip his sensitive little belly button. As soon as the pin closed on the feverishly inflamed protuberance, he fell back onto the bed, whimpering and writhing. He found that if he raised his arms above his head, the sensual torment of the clothes pins on his aching tits felt that much more intense, and if he arched his back so that only his shoulders and buttocks touched the comforter the provocative pang in his nipped naval penetrated to his core even more deeply. Unable to hold off any longer the horny teen jock grasped his rampant cock with his right hand, while his left flicked the clothes pin snagged onto his tantalizingly tortured outie. The inevitable eruption was both swift and spectacular, as Zach's rock hard rod shot wads of sticky white cum several feet into the air only for them to fall back and splatter onto his shuddering torso. As had become his custom, he scooped it all up and fed it to himself, without a second thought, like the good little cumslut he was becoming.

As the week slowly dragged by, Zach was in a constant state of sexual heat. The more his tits rubbed on his shirt, the more he longed to pinch, twist and stretch them while he jerked his perpetually priapic prick. The more he played with his tits, the more they rubbed on his shirt, making his cock jump, and leak in his gym shorts. When he could take no more, he would find himself compelled to jerk off, and hungrily slurp up the seed which his demanding dick sprayed across his tanned, tightly muscled torso. Then there were the times when his mind drifted back to the salty sweet taste of the Man's precum, dripping like pearls from the tip of that big commanding cock. In bed at night he found his own dick swelling and leaking, and his finger would tease the super sensitive head, collecting the juice that oozed from the slit and bringing it to his tongue. Once, just the taste of his own precum, and the thought of the Man's cock in his mouth demanding to be serviced, was enough to make Zach explode. 

As Friday evening drew near, Zach made his excuses to his girlfriend once again, meekly enduring the angry admonishments that she heaped upon him for abandoning her on another Friday Night, and promising that he would make it up to her. Feeling cheap and trashy he slipped on his running shorts, and sneakers and prepared to make the run to the Baseball Field where he would once more enter the strange Alternate World in which he would submit to the sadistic whim of an older Man. He had been so horny all week that he had barely spared any thought to what would happen to him on the coming Friday. He had pushed all his trepidation and disquiet to the back of his mind. Yet he knew there was no chance that he would disobey the Man, and fail to meet him at the appointed time. The compulsion to do as the Man ordered was far too great. However, now, as he stood in his bedroom, looking at his reflection once again, he remembered the chamber that lay beyond the mirrored wall in the Man's basement, like some twisted "Through the Looking Glass" nightmare, and his queasy stomach churned with a cold sick feeling. Why would he put himself through this? he wondered, although, deep down, he already knew the answer. 

Despite the warmth of the evening, an internal chill gripped Zach more strongly with each step as he ran, and made goosebumps rise on his naked torso. He recalled dreams he had as a child in which he was running, whether away from or towards something he could not remember, but the air around him had become as thick as molasses, and try as he might he could make no headway. No such luck tonight however. Zach's customary swift pace was carrying him ever closer to the Ball Park, and the Man who now owned him.

Arriving at his destination, there was no sign of the Man, or his van. For a moment Zach was at a loss to know what to do. If the Man failed to turn up, could he just go home then? Zach was shocked to realize he was feeling a twinge of disappointment at that thought. He supposed he could run on to the house on the edge of town, although that was quite some distance away, and what if the Man arrived here while he was running to the house? 

Zach's pondering was cut short by a shout from the Ball Park.

"Hey, look it's the fag!" The group of four High School boys were once again in the batting cages.

"Hey fag! Suck my dick!" Shouted the largest of the four, crudely grabbing his crotch and thrusting his hips in Zach's direction.

Anger welled up inside Zach and he began to walk purposefully towards the group, face like thunder and fists balled at his sides. He didn't know what he was going to do, but he figured if he could take out the big one the others would probably run. In his anger, he didn't hear the van pull up behind him. It was only when the authoritative voice cut through the red mist, that he realized the Man was there.

"Hey cocksucker, get in the van" the Man shouted.

The four boys, who had begun to look a little unsure as Zach angrily stalked towards them, burst out laughing. Zach's anger drained from him to be replaced by panicked humiliation. Mortified and blushing deeply, he dropped his gaze to the sidewalk, sheepishly turned and hurried to comply with the Man's order. 

"Why did you do that?" Zach frowned accusingly, as he sat in the passenger seat.

"You are a cocksucker now boy. Accept it. Embrace it." The Man replied.

Zach disconsolately dropped his gaze, ashamed of what he had done, and what it had made of him. He sat sullenly and hoped that the boys would not spread word of what they had seen and heard at the Ball Park around town, even though he knew it was a pretty vain hope. Slowly his mind drifted back to the Man beside him, and what he had planned for Zach tonight. The idea of sucking the Man's cock again made him shiver, and his own prick stir in his running shorts. It hadn't been as bad as he had expected when the hot, hard erection had slid into his mouth, but he didn't think it was something he would ever get used to. It wasn't the cock itself that aroused him he told himself, it was the act of submission, the thought that his mouth was just being used as a hole to get the Man off, and dump his cum in. That's what got Zach hard. Just thinking about it now had Zach's dick tenting his thin nylon shorts. He placed his hands in his lap to try and cover the bulge, but the Man saw, and told the boy to remove them.

"You are a cocksucking cumslut, boy. The thought of it gets you hard. Don't hide what you are."

"Those pretty lips were meant to be stretched around a man's cock, and that's exactly what they'll be doing tonight." 

Then the Man slid his hand over Zach's chest and pinched the nearest nipple. The boy gasped, sucking his tight belly in as the Man's fingernails pinched the nub. 

"We're going to work on this tits again tonight, as well. These lovely little bitch tits. We're going to stretch them, get them all swollen and sensitive. Have you groaning like a slut. What do you say bitch?"

Zach mumbled something unintelligible, and the Man slapped his cheek. It wasn't very hard, but enough to make it sting.

"Answer me boy."

"Yes Sir." Zach muttered.

Zach had always loved his body. His lean muscular look, not too bulky, but tight and toned, it was just about perfect as far as he was concerned, and he loved to show it off at every opportunity. Now, an hour after meeting the Man at the Ball Park the handsome boy's fine physique was being displayed to perfection. Zach's wrists were shackled above his head inside a frame made of scaffold polls. A metal pole was fixed across the frame between his upstretched arms and his throat forcing his head back uncomfortably, so all he could see were his hands struggling in their shackles. Because the boys head was forced back, his long lean torso, shimmering with a sheen of sweat, was stretched out even more, and his shallow breaths made each muscle stand out in tortured relief. Another metal rod was fixed behind Zach's lower back keeping his hips pushed slightly forward. His ankles were again shackled like his wrists, and attached to another bar so that his legs were held slightly more than shoulder width apart. His toes barely touched the ground, forcing his calf muscles to strain to keep himself upright. Zach knew that cameras were trained on his straining body. He had never felt so exposed and vulnerable before. Yet the idea of an unknown number of men watching him struggle in his bondage turned him on so badly that his pulsing cock stood hard against his veined lower belly, reaching almost to the diminutive raised mound of his navel. 

When he had first arrived the Man had ushered Zach ahead of him, down the dark forbidding stairs into the basement, where he had cleaned the boys bowels out with the colonic machine, and then made him to take a cold shower. When the boy was clean both inside and out, he was forced onto his knees, wrists cuffed behind him, and presented with his Master's cock. Zach was trembling with a mixture of apprehension and anticipation, and as his tongue tasted the pearlescent drop of precum perched at the very tip, his entire body shook and spasmed as a weeks worth of sexual tension released, and he thought he would cum right then and there. 

Suspended inside the Scaffold cage Zach's ragged breathing was so loud in his own ears that he didn't hear the Man come up beside and only realized he was there when the pole at his throat began to slide out from the frame. With a grunt of relief, Zach's head dropped forwards, and he gasped "Thank you Sir."

The man slapped the boys furiously engorged penis downwards, and strands of precul flew from the tip as it bounced back up and slapped his belly.

"Looks like you're enjoying this boy?"

Zach dropped his gaze, flushing with shame.

"I guess so sir." He mumbled.

The man held up an iPad to Zach.

"Your fans are enjoying it as well." 

Zach looked up quickly and saw the live feed of the Dungeon on the screen, along with the constantly scrolling timeline of comments on the right hand side. His cock throbbed as he saw his lean young body stretched out within the scaffold frame. His smooth tanned flesh covering youthfully firm muscle, contrasted enticingly with the hard, unyielding steel. 

"They have a lot of ideas of what they'd like to see happen to you, boy." the Man confided.

"But there's one thing they pretty much all agree on. Do you know what that is, boy?"

"I... I... I think so, Sir." Zach stammered.

"What?" The Man demanded.

"They... they want to see... you..." Zach's voice caught in his throat, and a faint sob escaped. "They want..." he started again "...to see you f... f... fuck me." Zach's eyes felt hot and wet as he stared hard at the floor in front of his Master's shoes. 

"Hmm, yes, that they do." The man said with a smirk. "And how does that make you feel?"

Zach sniffed, and paused for a second, "It scares me, Sir."

"Why does it scare you?" the Man queried, knowing full well, but wanting to hear the boy say it.

"Because I think it will hurt." Zach replied. Then thinking about the size of the Man's cock he added "A lot!"

A silence stretched between them and Zach felt more was expected of him.

Softly he murmured, "...and..."

As he hesitated Zach felt the Man's hand circle his ballsack, and squeeze just a little.

"I could make you tell me, but you are going to tell me anyway, so why not save yourself the unpleasantness?" 

Zach groaned. He had barely admitted it to himself, so how could he say it out loud?

There was just a hint of increased pressure on his balls.

"...and... it scares me that..." The boy exhaled a tremulous breath. "..that I might... I might..." his voice a whisper Zach finally let out his secret fear. "...that I might like it." 

"Why does that frighten you boy?" the Man asked, pushing the boy further into his discomfiture.

"I'm not gay sir." Zach insisted.

"Straight, Gay, it doesn't matter. You are a submissive. That means you crave to submit to the authority of others, like your coach at school, and now me. More importantly you are sexually submissive, and the ultimate submission for a straight boy is to submit sexually to a superior man. If it turns out that you're not as straight as you believe, then so what? You are still going to get fucked either way. It really doesn't matter what you feel about it. All that should matter to you, is pleasing me. Do you understand?" 

"Yes Sir" Zach replied, disconsolately. The sense of dread and restless expectancy weighed heavily on his mind. He just wanted it over and done with now.

"So will you fuck me now Sir?" His voice quavered as he almost begged the Man. 

The Man smiled to himself, knowing that he had the boy exactly where he wanted him.

"Will I fuck you now?" He repeated the query, and then he stunned His boy with a "No."

"No, I will not fuck you tonight..." and the Man relished the whimper that escaped Zach's throat.

"No, but that tight little ass will be fucked tonight."

Zach's head shot up and a look of frightened confusion overtook his handsome face.

"I... I... don't understand Sir?" He spluttered.

"There's someone here to whom you owe a great debt, boy, and tonight is the night on which you will repay it."

Zach was utterly bewildered, but as he baffled brain try to grasp what was happening a shadowy, bulky figure emerged from the shadows of the Dungeon.

It took a few moments for Zach's shocked mind to register what he was seeing, and when it did he almost lost it completely.

"Oh fuck, Coach? Coach Baxter?" he yelped, as the terrified lad recognized his High School Wrestling Coach.