 Zach Kirby, Phil M, Nik Savij, Miles, Jon Purkis, Craig Browning, Shaun Richardson

This story was undertaken as a request from a friend. Hope you like...

It was a damp September evening, and Zach was looking smart in his black trousers and white shirt, finished off with a pastel blue tie. He was off for a couple drinks with some colleagues from work to celebrate his 21st birthday. His friends had told him to meet them at the local pub for a few drinks and something to eat. He wasn't drinking himself as he avoided alcohol but his friends liked any excuse for a drink.

As he approached the pub, he saw Tamsin and Samantha waiting outside for him. He didn't like walking into a pub alone and had found some of his work friends a bit stand off-ish with him since he came out a couple weeks before. He had thought he was into men for a while and had come to realise he really was gay after a chance encounter with a colleague, Frazer, around a month ago. It had started on a sunny August afternoon...

...

Zach was down at a local railway station, waiting for a rare steam locomotive to arrive. He was browsing items in the gift shop, when a familiar person came up behind him.

"Hi Zach. How's things? You here to see the King Edward II as well?"

"Hi Frazer. Certainly am. Not due for another half hour yet so just killing time."

"Do you fancy going for a pint?"

"Go on then. We've got time."

They made their way to the closest pub. Frazer went to the bar and bought himself a lager, Zach a coke, and made his way to the table where Zach had taken a seat. They talked about work for a while whilst they drank their beverages. When finished, it was nearly time for the train to arrive.

"Gotta use the toilet before we go. I'm dying for a slash," said Frazer.

"Me too," responded Zach, as they both stood and made their way to the toilets.

On entering the toilet, Frazer went to the urinal whilst Zach opted for a cubicle, as he needed more than a piss. Zach dropped his trousers and took a seat. Frazer called that he was done and would meet Zach upstairs. Whilst waiting for nature to run it's course, he looked at the random scrawled writing on the walls of the cubicles. Whilst looking he noticed that there was a hole, about 3 inches wide between his cubicle and the next one. He leant to look through but as he neared, a cock appeared in the gap, semi hard. Initially, he went to move away but curiosity got the better of him. This was the first cock he'd seen, except for his own.

Moving his hand down to his own cock, he found that it had responded to the appearance of the unknown penis of it's own accord. He was semi hard himself. He wrapped his hand around his cock and started to stroke up and down. He reached out with his other hand and grasped the stranger's cock and began to slowly move his hand up and down. Leaning closer, while wanking himself, he licked the tip of the stranger's cock tentatively. The cock was clean and circumcised, glistening at the tip. He let his tongue lap up the first droplet of pre-cum from the helmet. He slowly enveloped the cock with his lips and started to move up and down, stroking his own hard member in time to the rhythm. Within a few minutes, the stranger came in Zach's mouth. As this was his first, Zach couldn't control it and ended up part spitting, part dribbling the cum out of his mouth. The penis withdrew back to the other cubicle and was replaced in the hole with a finger, beckoning for Zach to slide his cock through. Getting to his feet, Zach approached the hole and slipped his cock through. He instantly felt a warm, wet mouth go around his head and slide down the shaft, taking his length. With the mouth around his cock, he moved back and forth against the cubicle wall, the strangers tongue sliding over his cock as he slid his mouth up and down Zach's swollen cock. Soon, Zach exploded, sending warm jets of cum into the strangers mouth. The stranger swallowed it all and didn't release Zach's cock until shuddering spasms shot up through Zach's spine.

With his cock released, Zach cleaned himself up and pulled up his underwear and trousers. When he opened the cubicle door, the stranger's opened at the same time. Standing in front of him was Frazer, with a huge grin on his face...

Switch back to present day and a fairly fresh out-the-closet Zach made his way to where Samantha and Tamsin waited by the pub door. We waved to them as he approached.

"Evening Zach," Said Tamsin, smiling at him as he drew closer.

"Hi you two," Zach responded, and he wrapped them both in his arms for a hug.

"You ready to go in?" asked Tamsin, "We're planning on having a couple here and then going back to mine. It's where your birthday present is waiting."

"You didn't need to buy me anything."

"Oh, we didn't. Me and Sammy made the gift."

Samantha added, "That's right. Just a little something we've knocked together."

"Alright," Said Zach, "Let's get a drink in me then."

The three of them walked in and Zach took in who else was there. There was a load of peoples from where he worked: Philip, Sarah, Cheryl, Shaun, Craig, Jon, Nik, Karen and Miles. Unfortunately, most of these were the ones that had given him crap when he came out. Clearly, they were just tagging along to get pissed up. Luckily, some of the others there were part of the actual team Zach worked with. There was: Luke, a quiet spoken guy; Gordon, who everyone called gorilla but nobody knew why any more; Sam, who everyone called pole, not because he was skinny but because his cock shot up hard at the mere thought of sex; Paul, who everyone called southie as he was from the other side of the county; and Phil, who was called boss by everyone, as he was their boss.

The guys from his team all stood as he entered and made their way over to Zach.

"Happy birthday Zach," they chorused, folding him into a giant group hug.

Phil whispered in his ear, "Hope you enjoy your present later that the girls have sorted out for you. It'll be better than your wildest dreams. Better than last Friday."

In that instant, Zach's mind brought up the memory of the Friday before, when he, and his team, had gone out for a few drinks...

It was the end of a long week for Zach and his work friends. The work load was increasing as orders flooded in ahead of Christmas, and Zach was having to contend with odd looks and whispering behind his back after he had come out as gay at the start of the week, following his encounter with Frazer.

Phil, Luke, Gordon, Sam and Paul were with him, as were Tamsin and Samantha. They all worked together and they had all supported him whilst others around him had not been so kind.

Phil collected the first round from the bar and brought the drinks to the two tables that they had pulled together. Vodka and coke for the girls, beer for all the lads apart from Zach who was having coke. The drinks flowed freely and swiftly, with the lads that were drinking getting drunk rather quickly. The girls disappeared early on and left them to it. Closing time was approaching.

"Feel like heading back to mine for a few more?", asked Phil.

"I can take you all," Said Zach, as he was the only one who hadn't been drinking, "but it'll take a couple trips to do."

Phil, Paul and Gordon were the first to be dropped back to Phil's house. After returning to collect the others, Zach, Luke and Sam walked into Phil's house. There was nobody to be seen.

"They'll be down in Phil's man cave in the basement," Said Sam.

With that, they made their way down the stairs and Zach couldn't believe his eyes. They were all stark bollock naked. Around the walls were three screens, each showing different porn. On the first was what appeared to be a film with a plumber checking a large breasted woman's pipework, with the second showing three women going at one rather endowed guy. On the third screen, you could only see two cocks with hands round them.

"Hey Zach," Said Phil, "I feel this may be a bit of a surprise."

"Certainly is, Boss," Replied Zach. "Do you do this a lot then?"

"Pretty much each time we go out. Feel free to strip off too," Said Luke, as he and Sam stripped off behind Zach.

Zach could feel himself getting turned on by the video with the two cocks. Whilst he watched, he dropped his trousers and freed his cock, taking it hand and starting to stroke up and down. The camera zoomed out slowly and Zach could now see that the hand on the right hand cock belonged to the left cock's owner. The video zoomed out further still and Phil and Luke's faces appeared on screen, looking into each other's eyes.

Zach looked round to notice Phil looking straight at him, raising his eyebrows knowingly, as Luke put his arm around Zach from behind and cupped his balls. Zach was frozen to the spot. Paul approached from the front and removed Zach's top, leaving him as naked as the rest of them. Paul ran his hands through Zach's hair and down his back, grabbing his ass cheeks in his hands and pulled him close, their cocks rubbing together.

Paul kissed Zach on the lips, testing the water. When Zach opened his mouth, Paul darted his tongue in, entwining with Zach's.

Phil approached the group and pushed Paul slightly to the side. He grabbed both Paul and Zach's cocks and began stroking them both. Within minutes they both shot warm cum over Phil's hands. He licked them clean.

Zach leant down and took Phil's cock in his mouth, toying the tip with his tongue. Whilst Zach was bent over, Sam took the advantage and lubed Zach's tight asshole and slowly slid a finger in. One finger was soon replaced with two as Zach loosened up.

Those two fingers were replaced by Sam's cock as it entered Zach, and stretched his opening further. Sam thrust gently forward as Zach rocked back and forth, his mouth filled by Phil's cock. From his position, he could see Gordon and Luke jerking each other off. This was such a weird situation, that Zach would have thought he was dreaming except for the moment where his ass and mouth were filled with cum.

After they all cleaned themselves off, Phil asked if Zach was going to come out with them more often now. Zach definitely was.

Back to the present day and the guys from work that had given Zach crap about being gay had gone on somewhere else, and Tamsin and Samantha had also headed off. The girls had gone off to Tamsin's to prepare Zach's gift.

After a couple more rounds, the guys were getting a bit tiddly. A taxi turned up to take some of them back to Tamsin's, so Zach wouldn't need to do two trips.

On arriving at Tamsin's, Zach knocked on the door. Tamsin opened the door.

"Just in time," She said, "Just finished prepping your pressie! Follow me everyone, but you must be quiet. If you speak, it will ruin more than one person's surprise."

They all followed Tamsin, through the hallway, out of the kitchen, and into the large living room where there were six naked men laid out, on their backs, on massage tables, each sporting erections of differing sizes, with hands tied down. It was Philip, Shaun, Craig, Jon, Nik and Miles. They all had VR headsets over their eyes and headphones on to block outside noise.

"Here's what they're watching," Samantha whispered, handing Zach her mobile.

The video featured Samantha and Tamsin, completely naked, making out with each other, feeling each other's tits and licking their twats.

"Pick one," Whispered Tamsin, gesturing to the swollen erections in front of everyone.

Zach approached Jon's naked form and reached out a hand, grasped Jon's cock and heard an intake of breath from the head end. He stroked up and down, as the other guys each took a cock in hand. They were wanking, as a team, the people that had done wrong by Zach. Zach looked up and noticed that the girls were videoing it all. The guys all leant down and took the massage table guys into their mouths.

"You enjoying this guys?" Asked Samantha, directing the question at the massage table victims.

"Oh yes!" Rang out in chorus from each bed.

"Time to change it up a bit then," Said Tamsin, "We've been videoing this whole thing and how much you've been enjoying it. If you give Zach any more shit about being who he is, we'll put this on the internet."

Philip spoke up and asked, "Some guys enjoying blow jobs? What's wrong with that?"

With that, Samantha flicked a switch to show what was happening in the room on the VR headsets.

"Holy shit!", "You bitches" were a couple of the comments uttered as the guys on the tables realised they were being blown by guys.

At this point, they were too far gone, and the guys sucking carried on, causing all of them to cum into their mouths.

"Well guys," Said Luke, "You've had your fun, now it's time for ours."

He climbed on to the end of Shaun's massage table and pulled his legs up, sliding his cock in Shaun's ass, dry. Zach and the others followed suit and clambered up on to the tables, pushing their cocks into the captive audience's assholes.

All the while, the girls kept filming and broadcasting the video directly into the VR headsets. Zach and his friends pumped in and out of the other guys' asses and shot their loads.

Once all was done, Zach, his friends and the girls helped to clear everything up. They then released the captive audience.

"Now fellas, if you carry on picking on Zach, these videos go public," Said Samantha, with Zach and his friends at her side.

"But," Said Tamsin, "If you can keep quiet, we'll make it worth your while. You six, come back round here next weekend. It will be you six with me and Samantha. How does that sound?"

The six discussed amongst themselves and agreed to the deal with one proviso... Zach had to be there to join in, helping the girls...