 *Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activities are at least eighteen years of age.

Disclaimers: Yes, I need an editor. No, I do not want an editor. Yes, it jumps around too much, yes there's too many people to keep track of, yes it's too short, yes it's too long, yes this is stupid shit, and yes, I am a horrible writer.

For those of you that have not hit the backspace key, I hope you enjoy this flash story.

*****

Ezekiel 'Zeke' Warmoth was a good looking twenty one year old man. He wasn't being conceited; he'd been told that all of his life. He had shaggy blonde hair, worn a little long, warm brown eyes, 'Puppy Dog Eyes' his girlfriend called them, and a strong square face.

He'd played football, basketball, and baseball in High School and continued to lift weights, to keep his six foot tall body in tip top shape.

Alexis Smith was his girlfriend. The nineteen year old blonde cheerleader was the stuff most men dreamed about. Shoulder length blonde hair, big blue eyes, pouting lips that were naturally red. Her measurements were spectacular as well; on a five foot four inch frame she sported 34DD breasts, capped with large red areolae, a twenty nine inch waist, and a thirty six inch hips. Her ass was what most men, and some women called 'juicy' and Alexis wore clothes to emphasize her juicy rear end and her sleek, muscled legs.

They were both students at the University of Louisiana at DeGarde, both were bright, energetic young people, never tired of discussing the local politics of the day, current events.

In the bedroom, the sweet, innocent looking Alexis was game for anything. They'd even tried golden showers once, but neither one of them found that particularly exciting. Neither one had any interest in scat, thankfully.

For Zeke's twenty first birthday, Alexis recruited the help of her best friend, Theresa Wu, an attractive Asian-American girl. The two of them stripped Zeke, lay him on the queen sized bed, then stripped each other. Alexis and Theresa kissed each other passionately, then Theresa licked and sucked and nibbled on Alexis's large breasts while finger fucking Alexis's blond pussy.

The girls finger fucked each other to orgasm, then they lay on the bed on either side of Zeke and took turns sucking his hard cock. When Alexis had Zeke's cock in her hot mouth, Theresa was licking and sucking Zeke's heavy balls. When Theresa was slurping noisily on Zeke's throbbing erection, Alexis was lightly nibbling on Zeke's balls.

Zeke held out for as long as he could, but finally did unload a massive torrent of sperm into Alexis's mouth. Then the two girls kissed, passing Zeke's semen back and forth until there was no more to share.

Then Theresa clambered on and bounced on Zeke's cock. Zeke groaned as he watched his girlfriend cinch on a leather harness, then affix a large latex dildo to the end.

"Aiee!" Theresa cried out as Alexis knelt behind her and slowly shoved the fat rubber cock into Theresa's small rectum.

After Theresa had shuddered and squeaked and squealed through three orgasms, Alexis then pulled the girl off of Zeke's cock. She carefully, thoroughly cleaned the dildo, then showed Theresa how to cinch it around her slender waist.

Alexis wiggled her luscious ass from side to side, slowly working Zeke's cock up her ass, then lay back against Zeke's muscular chest and spread her legs wide for Theresa.

Theresa bent and licked and sucked at Alexis's pussy for a few minutes, until Alexis shrieked in orgasm. Then while Zeke squeezed, pinched, and tugged on Alexis's heavy breasts, Theresa worked the large dildo into Alexis's splayed pussy.

Zeke unloaded another torrent of semen into Alexis's tight ass while Alexis shrieked, cried and groaned in orgasm.

Zeke woke up the next morning, flanked by two gorgeous women. The need to urinate was overwhelming and he wiggled out of the bed.

"Hey, need to pee too," Theresa giggled, following him into the bathroom.

"Well, I'll be as quick as I can," Zeke said.

"No, we can both go at the same time," the girl smiled.

She plopped down on the commode and spread her legs wide. She then pointed to the water.

"Go ahead, show me how good your aim is," she smiled and a moment later, Zeke heard the sound of her forceful stream of urine.

Most of his pee splattered onto Theresa's hairless pussy, but she did not seem to mind.

Then, after Zeke's bladder was empty, Theresa leaned forward and cleaned Zeke's cock of any errant drops of piss with her hot mouth.

"Y'all are cleaning that up," Alexis said from the doorway. "Y'all got piss all over that seat."

She then kissed Zeke's shoulder while pinching his taut buttock. 

"Happy birthday, stud," she murmured.

She knelt down and sucked him to erection, then she and Theresa pulled him back into his bedroom and again took turns bouncing on his six inches until he ejaculated heavily into Theresa's hairless pussy. Then Alexis licked and sucked her boyfriend's semen from Theresa's pussy.

Then she and Theresa dressed and left him alone in his apartment.

And Zeke felt odd. Off. Curiously empty.

He had just had a night most men dream of, made love to two gorgeous cheerleaders.

He did clean up the bathroom but could imagine he still smelled the stench of urine. Then he showered and dressed and went to his Tuesday-Thursday class of Macroeconomics. The professor was a bleeding heart liberal who was genuinely shocked that the United Kingdom had voted to withdraw from the European Union, who railed against such folly.

Leaving that class, Zeke jogged up two flights of stairs to his Sociology 315 class and smiled at Theresa Wu, but made no move to sit next to her.

After that class, in the dingy bathroom at the end of the hall, he was in a stall when he heard two students enter.

The students obviously didn't think they could be overheard, or they just did not check to see if they were alone.

"Swear to God, I'm in the park bathroom, one right next to the courthouse? Guy just comes right up to me and says 'Hey, can I suck your cock?'" one young man said.

"No shit? What'd you do?" the other student asked.

Both students clammed up when Zeke left the stall. He nodded politely to them, washed his hands and left the room.

Zeke's head was whirring slightly. And his hard cock was trapped painfully in his snug jeans.

Zeke had heard rumors about the men's public restroom at the small park next to the St. Elizabeth Parish Courthouse. He had heard jokes about men going in there and giving one another blow jobs, or fucking each other up the ass.

There was a five mile track, and a three mile track around the park. Zeke liked to jog the five mile track, when it wasn't unbearably humid. He'd only been in that bathroom once when extreme stomach cramping forced him to do so.

There had been no one else in there. The bathroom had been clean, well-lighted, and thankfully, well stocked.

"But that was during the day," Zeke reminded himself. "Maybe it's different at night."

Alexis came over that night and jokingly asked Zeke if he was disappointed that it was just her and not her and Theresa.

They had sex, then fell asleep.

*.*.*

The U.L.D. Storm had an away game and Alexis jokingly warned Zeke to behave himself. Over her shoulder, Theresa Wu also smiled at Zeke. He watched the cheerleaders troop onto the bus, then watched the bus pull away from the U.L.D. Campus.

Zeke drove his 2010 bright yellow. Camaro to the park just as twilight was beginning to fall. His heart was hammering in his chest; he could barely hear his Anthrax cd playing over the pounding in his ears.

There were a few other cars parked around the gravel parking lot. Zeke couldn't see anyone else as he got out of his car and approached the public bathroom.

With a nervous look around, he walked around the cinderblock wall that protected the open doorway from the elements, from prying eyes.

He felt an odd sense of disappointment; the room seemed to be empty.

He glumly washed his hand, then almost jumped when a stall door banged open

"Oh, hey Jimmy, how you doing?" he asked as he recognized a former classmate from DeGarde High School.

Jimmy and he had played football and basketball together and obviously Jimmy had kept himself in shape. His dark hair was cut in a buzz cut and his brown eyes peered out from under his heavy brows. Like Zeke, Jimmy had a strong, square face.

"Uh huh, what are you doing in here?" Jimmy asked.

"Washing my hands," Zeke pointed out.

"No you're not," Jimmy said. "You haven't even done anything to wash your hands."

"What? What do you mean?" Zeke asked, defensive.

"I mean, you didn't piss, you didn't shit, why you washing your hands?" Jimmy smiled.

"I just am," Zeke snapped.

"Uh huh; you wouldn't be in here maybe looking for someone to hook up with, huh?" Jimmy asked.

"What?" Zeke laughed.

"Huh?" Jimmy asked and in a surprising move, grabbed Zeke and pushed him face first against the cinderblock wall.

He pinned Zeke's arm up between Zeke's shoulder blades.

"Huh?" Jimmy husked in Zeke's ear, his crotch mashed firmly against Zeke's buttocks.

"Wouldn't be in here, looking find someone suck your cock, huh?" he husked in Zeke's ear as he kept Zeke's right arm pinned between his shoulder blades.

"No," Zeke denied.

"Huh? Someone wrap his lips around that nice fat cock of yours??" Jimmy asked, reaching down the front of Jimmy's jeans with his free hand.

Zeke yelped as Jimmy fondled his painfully hard cock.

"Yeah, I remember all them showers after football games," Jimmy husked and softly brushed his lips against Zeke's cheek.

"Suck that hard cock until you shoot all that delicious cream out?" Jimmy asked, still playing with Zeke's cock.

Zeke didn't answer; he couldn't answer.

"Or maybe you want someone push them jeans down, spit on your hole and fuck you," Jimmy asked, now gripping Zeke's left buttock hard. "Fuck you good and hard, like a bitch. That what you want?"

"No," Zeke grunted, cock trapped in his briefs.

Jimmy brushed his lips against Zeke's cheek again.

"I'll fuck you, fuck you like you ain't never been fucked before," Jimmy promised. "But not here."

He released Zeke and stepped back.

Zeke remained against the wall, trying to clear his head.

"Need go back to my place," Jimmy suggested.

He walked toward the door.

"We can't do that shit here, Zeke," he said. "Because the cops are really cracking down on that kind of shit in here,"

"We uh, we could go uh," Zeke suggested.

"My place," Jimmy said. "Still got that yellow Camaro?"

Zeke followed Jimmy to Arrow Court Apartments and parked where Jimmy pointed.

Apartment 3A was a one room apartment, approximately sixteen feet by sixteen feet. There was a futon, a small coffee table, an entertainment center a floor lamp and a small recliner.

Jimmy grabbed Zeke, shoved his tongue into Zeke's mouth and rubbed his hand on Zeke's muscular chest.

"You uh, you ever do this before?" Zeke whispered as he continued to feel Zeke's muscled body.

"No," Zeke admitted.

"Sweet," Jimmy said and kissed him again.

He pulled Zeke to the middle of the room and pushed Zeke down on his knees, then continued to push until Zeke was on all fours.

Roughly, he pulled Zeke's jeans and briefs down to just above Zeke's knees

"Aw yeah, nice, you got a pretty hole," Jimmy complimented as he grabbed a tube of lubricant from the coffee table.

Zeke shuddered, fear and excitement thumping in his veins as he felt Jimmy's fingers pressed against his anus.

Oh, good and tight," Jimmy crooned as he fingered Zeke's hole, greasing him up.

"Ugh!" Zeke grunted as Jimmy jammed a second finger into his anus.

"And I like your cock; that's a nice, fat cock; bet you got a lot of cream, huh?" Jimmy complimented.

"Ugh!" Zeke groaned as Jimmy continued to finger fuck his anus with three greasy fingers.

Jimmy paused long enough to grease up his own seven inch cock. Then he pulled Zeke's tight buttock with his left hand while he held his cock with his right hand.

"Ugh, oh shit, fuck stop!" Zeke cried out as the blunt head of Jimmy's cock began to push into his constricting anus.

"Fuck no, baby, Jimmy ain't stopping," Jimmy chuckled, now holding firmly on Zeke's hips.

The jeans bunched around his legs and Jimmy's hands on his hips prevented Zeke from being able to move very easily. He did try to wiggle away, but Jimmy gripped his hanging balls in a tight grip and Zeke stopped.

"God, oh man, been a long time since I had me a virgin," Jimmy groaned as he pushed his cock head in past Zeke's sphincter.

"Ugh! O God," Zeke sobbed out as waves of pain radiated through his guts.

"Oh, oh fuck yes," Jimmy groaned as he slid another inch into Zeke's tight, squirming hole.

"Fuck!" Zeke cried out as he felt his anus being stretched painfully.

Jimmy was glad he had masturbated; that's what he had been doing in the bathroom at the park. Had he not blown a large load of spunk, Zeke's tight little hole would have squeezed out a load already.

A curious warmth began building in Zeke's guts. A warmth that welled up and welled up.

He could feel more of Jimmy's fat cock filling him, pushing in deeper into him.

"Fuck!" he cried out and shuddered as the pleasure built up inside of his guts.

"Fuck yes," Jimmy grunted as Zeke's tight squirming ass squeezed and milked his hard cock.

"Fuck yes," Zeke agreed as he could feel Jimmy's bristly pubic hair against his stretched and raw anus.

Jimmy began pulling out and Zeke shuddered and grunted in pleasure.

He'd suspected he might be gay, had suspected it for a while. It had always been so easy for him to get women, fuck women. But he'd never seemed to feel very satisfied, fulfilled. He'd had many girlfriends, but had never felt particularly close with any of them.

Even Alexis, as beautiful as she was, Zeke just did not feel much of a connection to her. She had given him a birthday to remember, that was for sure, but Zeke had not felt any closeness to Alexis, or to Theresa.

When he had played sports in High School, Zeke had checked out his teammates' packages, but had convinced himself that this was normal. Everyone did that. And he had fought hard against developing an erection in the showers. He remembered Grant O'Reilly getting a stiffy in the showers after a football game. They'd teased and taunted Grant without mercy for that.

"Damn yeah, fuck yeah, going come, going come in that tight ass of yours," Jimmy chanted as he began to push into Zeke's tight hole.

"Come in me," Zeke pleaded as his pleasure threatened to spill out.

His cock twitched and jerked, drooling his excitement onto the rough carpet of Jimmy's apartment.

"Fuck!" Jimmy roared and Zeke could feel Jimmy's cock twitching and thrusting in his guts.

Jimmy collapsed onto Zeke's back, gasping and grunting and groaning.

"God that was good, that was good," he praised as he pulled out of Zeke's ass.

Then he rolled Zeke on his side and took Zeke's cock into his hot mouth.

"Mother fucker!" Zeke roared as he began pumping his semen into Jimmy's hot mouth.

When Zeke's cock quit pumping, Jimmy let it slip out of his mouth.

Then he got to his feet and grabbed two beers from the small refrigerator. Zeke pulled his jeans and briefs back up, covering his limp cock.

They both sat on the floor, their backs against the futon's seat and drank deeply of their beers.

Then Jimmy began toying with Zeke's nipples and then his abdomen. Then his hand reached down and unzipped Zeke's blue jeans.

Zeke kicked off his tennis shoes and Jimmy pulled Zeke's jeans and underwear down and off.

Then he pulled Zeke down until Zeke was lying flat on the floor.

"Pull them knees up, like..." Jimmy urged and pushed Zeke's legs up until Zeke's knees were touching his chest.

Then Jimmy pulled his own jeans and underwear down to his knees, gripped his hard cock in his hand, and guided it into Zeke's hole.

"Ugh!" Zeke grunted as Jimmy took him.

Jimmy didn't bother with trying to go slow, trying to be gentle. He fucked Zeke, fucked him hard.

"God!" Zeke moaned after a few minutes of Jimmy's hard pounding.

"Fuck," Jimmy roared and again pumped his load into Zeke's ass.

After he'd caught his breath, he bent and sucked Zeke's hard cock to another juicy climax.

As the two drank another beer, Jimmy suggested that they go to Clark's Drive-In, or Tommy's Po-Boys to eat.

"You uh, you ever been to Shadows?" Zeke asked as they drove in Zeke's Camaro to the Drive-In.

"That fag bar?" Jimmy snorted in disgust. "Dude, all they got there? Bunch of sissies."

"What? I mean, dude, what are we?" Zeke asked.

"You and me? We're men. Real men, not those perfume wearing little twinks," Jimmy said, resting his hand on the bulge in Zeke's pants.

A cute brunette skated up to the car, thrust her breasts into the window and took their order. Then she thrust her backside nearly into the car as she turned and skated away.

"What a fucking slut," Jimmy scoffed, then put his hand on Zeke's hard cock again.

They ate ravenously, then returned to Jimmy's small apartment.

This time, Jimmy and Zeke fully undressed, held each other and kissed while letting their hands explore each other's bodies.

"Yeah, that's it, put them legs around me," Jimmy urged.

Zeke wrapped his legs around Jimmy's waist and grunted as Jimmy slid his hard cock into Zeke's hole.

"Yeah, that's it, squeeze my dick, squeeze my dick with that tight ass," Jimmy chanted as he pushed himself into Zeke.

The kissed while Jimmy fucked Zeke, long, slow strokes in and out of Zeke's ass.

"Fuck!" both men roared as they managed to come together, Jimmy's semen pumping into Zeke's sore ass, Zeke's semen splattering onto Jimmy's abdomen.

Then Jimmy pulled a heavy comforter over them and they slept.

Zeke woke up, used the miniscule bathroom, and then padded nude to the cramped, lumpy futon. Jimmy woke up, used the bathroom, then came back and sucked Zeke's cock to a climax. Then he fed Zeke his own semen. After they'd swapped the semen back and forth a few times, Jimmy again pulled Zeke onto his hands and knees and fucked Zeke hard.

It was still dark outside when Zeke stumbled out of the apartment into the early morning.

Then he drove to his apartment, lay down in his bed, and fell asleep.

The game between the U.L.D. Storm and the Connelly Cougars was a one-sided game. The Storm had no trouble running all over the Cougars and the Performance 12 cameramen spent more time covering the cheerleaders' antics than focusing on the game.

Zeke wondered how Alexis would take the news. Even as her leaps and kicks exposed her bright red uniform panties, he wasn't thinking of her tight pussy, but of Jimmy's fat, hard cock jamming into his ass.

A well-muscled, handsome young male cheerleader picked Theresa up in his arms, then effortlessly tossed the Asian-American girl into the air, caught her, then put her down.

Zeke recognized the young man as Brandon, Theresa's boyfriend.

Then Brandon picked up an enthusiastic Alexis and tossed her. She spread her legs wide as she was tossed into the air.

When Brandon caught her, Alexis gave him a quick little kiss, then glanced quickly at the camera.

"She'll be fine," Zeke thought as he stroked his cock.

THE END.

**Author's Note: I write these stories for my pleasure; I post them here for your enjoyment. Thank you for reading my stories.

Have a swell day.