 Waking up the next morning I still couldn't believe what had happened. I was so confused by how much I had enjoyed sucking my friends' dicks, and part of me wanted more of them. I knew I couldn't avoid Joe and Steve forever though, so I headed down for breakfast. 

After breakfast we all gathered up our gear and headed back out for some more golf. We switched up the groups this time around, but I was back in a group playing with Steve. The day was hot, so water replaced beer first thing. Jake, still seriously hungover was doing the same thing. 

"Mike, what did we do last night? I can't remember a damn thing." He was struggling a bit but I could tell he was at least feeling a little better.

Then Steve spoke up, "you don't remember going to the strip club?" 

"Not really man. Did we do anything else or just go back to the hotel?" 

Giving me a little poke with his elbow, and a sly look, he replied "you don't remember coming back to the hotel room with us?" 

"Not at all man," he replied. 

Steve continued, "damn dude I can't believe you don't remember coming back to the room and giving me a blowjob in front of all the guys!" 

"WHAT???" Jake said, his face turning bright red in embarrassment. "Dude are you fucking with me or what?! There's no way I did that." 

"Yeah man, it was fantastic. I was a little surprised when you wanted to, but I figured since you were so insistent I had to let you." 

I could see the sweat dripping down his face, as his mind raced, trying to determine whether or not what Steve was saying could be true. 

Before he had time to respond I jumped in. "No dude, he's just trying to mess with you. We brought you back to your room after you passed out in Joe's room."

"Thank god," he responded, his heart clearly still racing at what Steve had just said to him. I gave Steve a look, trying to sense what he was doing, worried myself that he might let slip what we'd done the previous evening. Getting into the cart with Steve we took off. 

"Dude," I said. "What are you doing? You're going to bring attention to what we did last night."

"Relax Mike. No one is going to know. If anything, the more you joke about it the less likely they're gonna think it actually happened. Just trust me, ok?" His sense of calmness about the whole thing did help calm my own fears, and I nodded in agreeance.  

"Just follow my lead," he continued. "Let's have some fun with Jake and see if we can't convince him he actually did."

"I don't know man. He seems really flustered about it. You sure it's a good idea?"

"Yeah, it'll be fun!" he said with a laugh. "Plus, who knows, maybe he'll let you suck his cock!" At that we both laughed, and continued on with the game. 

By the time we had made the turn I was back to drinking beer, and starting to feel a buzz again. With our buzzes getting stronger we tried our best to mess with Jake, but to no avail. 

"Damn dude, he must've believed you when said I was joking," Steve said.

"Sorry man, I didn't know what you were trying to do, and I was worried you might slip about our night."

"It's cool man. Looks like you'll just have to service me yourself then!" he said with a wink. 

"Is that so?" I said with a smirk.

"Listen buddy. We've got a whole weekend free of our wives so why shouldn't we have some fun?" I couldn't disagree with his logic, but I was still concerned about the other guys. 

"What about everyone else?" I continued. "We can't do anything now."

"Why not? Don't you want some more of my cock?"

"If I'm being totally honest, yeah I do actually."

Even after the events of the previous evening, I still couldn't believe I was telling my friend I wanted his dick. As I would soon find out though, Steve, ever the opportunist, was more than happy to oblige me. At that moment I watched as he stuck his hand into his shorts, repositioned himself a bit and pulled his dick out through the leg of his shorts. 

"You know what to do buddy." 

Looking down I could see his shiny head sticking out of the leg of his shorts, the outline of his thick cock slowly growing in his shorts. I reached down, and pulling aside his shorts as much as possible, began stroking him. 

"Fuck man, I hope we don't get caught" I said as I continued to stroke his now fully engorged cock. 

"Mmmm," he moaned. "I'm so glad you're into this Mike. I can't tell you how good you were sucking my dick last night." 

"Thanks man. I'd be lying if I said I hadn't been thinking it about it nonstop." 

At that Steve perked up, a smile across his face. "That's what I was hoping you'd say. And don't worry, this weekend is far from over!" 

As we approached the green I quickly shoved his cock back in his shorts, grabbing my beer to act as casual as possible. 

The round came to a close, and with it any more opportunities to mess around. But it was still pretty early in the day, so we all decided to head back to the hotel, change, and then head to the beach. After everyone had a chance to change we packed up some coolers with beers and snacks, and walked across the street. 

"Alright guys, let's see if we can't find a nice spot to set up and take in the sights, if you catch my drift." Joe said as we approached the beach entrance. 

"Damn," no wonder Allison wants to marry you dude, Steve said. "Talking like that she's got nothing to worry about!!" 

We all laughed at our friend, amused at his attempt to be sly. Internally though I wondered just what he meant. Before last night I wouldn't have questioned it, but now my mind wandered to thoughts of Joe staring at any number of the guys on the beach, no shortage of bulges abounding. 

"Hey guys! There's a great spot over here." 

We all headed over towards Jay who had indeed found a great spot, just between a group of college girls, and some volleyball nets. Setting ourselves up, we all agreed a swim was due and headed into the water. 

We swam around for a few minutes, enjoying the refreshing warmth of the water, before making out exit back to our towels. On our way back we all took an opportunity to take in the girls next to us, a few of them clearly doing the same with us. We were all in our early thirties, so any attention from the girls was appreciated. 

But for the moment I was temporarily distracted. Looking away from the girls to find a towel I glanced at Jake only to notice the distinct outline in his shorts. We were all still wet from our swim, so the shape of his cock was perfectly outlined against his leg. As he proceeded to dry himself off I couldn't help but let my eyes wander a bit, watching as his cock bounced around inside his shorts. 

"Hey Jake, care for a beer?" I'd hope the question would deflect from my momentary fixation on him, and much to my delight he accepted. Sitting down next to him, I handed him a beer, and gave a jab with my elbow. 

"Hey man, you see that petite little blonde with the huge tits over there?" I asked. 

Glancing over at the girls he saw the one I was mentioning, giving her a good long look. 

"Damn. I wouldn't mind getting a piece of her," he nodded. "Those are some amazing tits!" 

"I know right?! I've never seen any more perfect than those I think. Though personally I'm more of a small boob guy myself," I added. 

"No shit, me too!" he said, beaming. "Though I wouldn't pass up an opportunity to get with her." 

"Same!" We clinked glasses and made small talk, during which time I learned that he had only just recently broke up with his longtime girlfriend. 

"I'm sorry dude. I didn't know" I said. "All the more reason to go talk to those girls! Have some fun, you know! When will another opportunity like this arise?"

"Thanks Mike. I appreciate the sentiment, but I'm still processing it all. Kinda why I got so hammered last night." 

"No worries dude. If you change your mind and want some help let me know. I'll be your wingman!" 

Jake was in great shape. Athletically built, he was well toned from near daily workouts at the gym and it showed. After the night before I couldn't help but wonder what his dick looked like, though watching him dry off had given me a pretty good idea. As I talked with him my mind kept wandering to thoughts of his cock in my mouth, my dick starting to grow in my shorts.

"Seriously though, if there's anything I can do to help let me know. I'm sure it's not easy being after a bachelor party after a breakup, so I'm happy to chill with you if you need someone to talk to." 

"Thanks man. That means a lot. I'll definitely let you know if I need anything." We left it at that, an unspoken agreement, as Jake laid back to take in the sun.

Pretty soon a few of the guys were chatting up the girls next to us, the girls more than happy to help us drink the beer we'd brought. Joe was the center of attention though, as the girls were giggling with him as he told them about his upcoming marriage. 

"Fuck man, can't they just let us chill." Jake was starting to get annoyed by the constant laughing and attention our buddy was getting from the girls on the beach. 

"Hey man, why don't we go back to the hotel and grab a beer at the bar. They've got a spot outside we can hang out at if you want."

"Yeah, that sounds good. I need a break." Jake got up and started walking back to the hotel. Following behind, I yelled to Steve that I was gonna check up on him. 

"Sounds good! Let me know if you need anything," he replied as I jogged after Jake. 

After ordering a couple drinks at the bar I asked what was going on. "I don't know man. It's been rough since megan left me. Did I tell you I caught her cheating on me?"

"No, I hadn't heard. Sorry to hear that buddy."

"Yeah, well. Fuck it. Better it happen now then after we got engaged or something."

I could tell he was feeling pretty down, so motioned for the bar tender and ordered a round of shots and beers. "Here," I passed him a shot and held up the glass, "fuck chicks!" 

He looked at me, picked up the glass and cheered me, "fuck chicks!" he said, downing the shot before I even had a chance to. Taking the shot I flagged down the bartender and ordered us another shot, hoping I could at least help my friend relax a bit.

A couple minutes later as we were chatting Steve strolled up behind us and slapped us on the back. "What's going on guys! You're missing all the fun at the beach!"

"Oh yeah?" I asked. "What's going on down there?"

"Well as we speak Jay is down there making out with one of those hot college chicks." 

"No shit!?" I asked. 

"Yup, been going at it for a few minutes." 

"Well that about does it for me then," Jake said, "I think maybe I'll just hang out here for a bit." Looking at Steve I gave him a bit of a shrug, like what are we supposed to do?

Taking my cue, Steve spoke up. "I hear ya dude, I'm thinking of heading upstairs to shower off before dinner anyways."

"Yeah. That sounds like a good idea. Maybe I just need to go clean myself up before we head out again." Jake chugged his beer, and the three of us headed back upstairs.

"Hey guys, why don't you come by my room first and we can grab a beer before you head back to your rooms." Jake smiled and agreed, happy to be away from the beach. 

Back in Steve's room we cracked open our beers as he regaled us with an account of Jay's actions down on the beach. As he did so he began getting undressed, so matter of factly that I don't think Jake noticed. I on the other hand watched with a bit more interest, and could tell Steve was up to something.

Still talking away, and without comment, Steve proceeded to pull down his bathing suit, exposing his brilliant cock. He wasn't soft, but it wasn't hard like it had been last night either. Jake immediately noticed, his eyes getting big as he stared at steve. 

"Dude!" He said, staring. "What are you doing??"

"I'm getting ready to take a shower. I thought that's why we came back to the hotel?"

"Well yeah, but I didn't think you'd drop your shorts while we're still in the room man! Figured you'd at least wait till we went back to our rooms."

Sensing what Joe was up to I decided it was now or never, and I needed to prove to myself I was open to the challenge. Setting down my beer I proceeded to strip down, slipping off my bathing suit and tossing it away. "Hey Steve, mind if I rinse off in your shower?" I said, as Jake turned his attention to see standing there, fully exposed. 

With a smile Steve just nodded and said, "sure dude! It's a big shower, I'm sure we can all fit."

Steve wasn't joking. He had a huge bathroom, and in the corner was a walk-in shower that had two shower heads. Grabbing a fresh beer I told the guys I was gonna rinse off and they were more than welcome to join. 

As I got the shower going I could hear Jake and steve talking out in the room. 

"It's all good man. I think Mike's a bit tipsy. Plus, we're all friends here, so nothing to worry about." 

I didn't hear Jake's response, but a moment later I watched as Steve strolled into the bathroom, his massive piece of meat swaying between his legs as he did. Closely behind him came Jake, still in his bathing suit. 

Setting down his beer Steve joined me in the shower, letting the water wash over himself as he did. I began washing myself down, every now and then taking a peek out of the corner of my eye to see what Jake was doing. For a minute or so he just stared at us, occasionally taking a sip of his beer. At least he hasn't left I thought to myself, acknowledging there was nothing keeping him from leaving at any point.

As this was going through my mind I felt Steve turn, and his now increasingly enlarged cock rub against my butt. Looking over my shoulder at him I smiled, before turning to offer him the soap. 

"Thanks dude," he said with a smirk before looking through the open door at jake. "Hey man, there's still plenty of room if you want to join us." 

Jake, looking increasingly confused, just stared at us in silence before taking a huge swig of his beer and then slowly dropping his bathing suit. Steve and I both smiled as we took in the sight before us. Jake's cock was a sight to behold. Not quite as big as steve, he was almost completely shaved with a big thick vein running down the top of his shaft. His cock was exactly as I hoped it would be, more wide than thick, with a slight upward curve. Between his toned body, and his magnificent cock, he looked like a model straight out of a gay porno. 

"There you go man, that's not so bad is it?" Steve asked, offering up the soap. 

"Uh, yeah, the water feels good," he said. 

Moving aside I motioned for Jake to switch places with me, so he could take his turn under the water, and I moved over towards Steve. We could tell jake was a bit embarrassed, his hands at his crotch trying his best to control his beautiful erection. Knowing we might not have a lot of time, I decided to get things rolling. As I moved over next to steve I proceeded to grab a hold of his thick cock and began stroking him. 

As steve began moaning, he reached down and started stroking my dick. Jake was now facing us as he watched us pump each other's swollen cocks. I stroked Steve for another minute before looking over at Jake, giving him a sly little smile in the process. 

Dropping to my knees I took as much of steve into my mouth as I could, slowly sucking his hard cock in front of Jake. Steve would later tell me Jake's mouth dropped open at the sight of this, but at the time all I could focus on was slobbering all over my friends beautiful cock. 

After several minutes of sucking Steve I got back to my feet, and motioned for Jake to come closer. Taking a few steps towards Steve and I, I could sense his hesitation but also his curiosity. Considering he hadn't ran out of the room when Steve got naked, or after I had just sucked Steve's dick in front of him, I figured it was a good sign. 

As he got closer I reached out and took hold of his hard dick, stroking it while running my thumb over his head, precum beginning to ooze out of him. 

Just then Steve spoke up, "hey Mike, considering you just helped me out why don't I show Jake what friends are for."

I smiled and watched as Steve got down on his knees, taking Jake into his mouth. Jake let out moan after moan as Steve sucked his dick, breaking a few times to suck his nicely shaved balls before taking Jake deep into his throat again. 

I moved over next to Jake in the hopes that Steve would take care of me as well, but was gladly surprised to find Jake's hand reaching for my dick instead. At first I could sense his hesitation, but after a few strokes he began pumping me harder and harder as Steve continued to suck him. 

Deciding it was time to switch it up a bit I gave Steve a tap, and he reluctantly removed Jake from his mouth. 

"Alright buddy, I told you I was here to help so what do you need?" 

"Damn guys, this is so fucking crazy. Like what the fuck is happening?!" 

He was definitely still processing everything before I cut him off. 

"Listen. We're all friends here, and it definitely seems like you've been going through some rough times. So what do you want?" 

"Well," he said somewhat sheepishly, "could I, I mean, would it be ok if I tried sucking your dick?" 

"Shit man! I thought you'd never ask!" 

As I stroked my cock Jake carefully got down on his knees in front of me, looking up at me with a brief smile. He began stroking me, squeezing me harder and harder before opening his mouth, taking the tip of my now throbbing cock into his mouth. Swirling his tongue around the head he began to take more and more of me, savoring every inch as he did.

Within a minute he had worked himself into a good rhythm, bobbing back and forth, nearly balls deep on my cock. He was on such a role I almost didn't notice when Steve came up from behind me, pressing his thick cock against my ass. As he did I reached back and started stroking him, pulling him so he was pressed up against me. 

Whether I instinctively knew what was happening or not Steve pulled himself away from me, only to feel his fingers slowly caressing my asshole a few seconds later. As Jake continued to suck my cock Steve began inserting one, then two fingers into my ass, slowly stretching me out. I moaned as he began fucking me with his fingers, completely at the whim of my friend's desires.

Standing up, Jake just looked at us. "Damn guys, how long you been doing this for?" 

Steve let out a little laugh, responding "you care to tell him Mike or should I?" 

Steve proceeded to tell Jake about the previous evening and everything he and Joe had explained to me as well. 

"Fuck. I mean I'm definitely not opposed to this idea!" Jake finally added. "And if it means I get my dick sucked without any of the bullshit chick drama, I'm all for it."

"That's great man!" Steve said, "but I think we still have some unfinished business here. Mike, I wasn't quite done with you. Get down on all fours for me buddy." 

Feeling far more comfortable than I could imagine, I did as he asked arching my back a little in the process. Steve proceeded to finger my ass again, lubing me up as Jake looked on.

Slowly I felt the pressure of Steve's hard cock pressing against my ass as he used his hands to spread my cheeks apart. He continued to push, the pressure increasing as I slowly felt the tip of his cock enter me. I couldn't believe I was letting him fuck me as he began to thrust himself deeper into my ass, slowly at first but increasing his speed as I relaxed. 

Totally lost in the moment Jake held out his cock for me and I began sucking him as deep as I could, my new found passion for cock taking over. 

Steve increased his thrusts, stretching my ass as he filled me with his thick cock. Moaning out in pleasure Jake pulled his cock from my mouth and began stroking himself, ready to unleash a torrent of cum.
