 I heard the knock at my door, and I was afraid. Terrified. I knew who it was, who it had to be. It was Greg. Greg was my parent's neighbor, had been my neighbor when I lived with them. I hadn't seen him in years until last week. I'd left town for college and stayed away for work. It was only recently that I moved back after a new job opportunity brought me back to town. I'm 25 and never married, though I came close once. 

I bumped into Greg for the first time in 7 years after dinner at my parent's place. He was bringing in groceries from his car. We struck up a chat while I helped him. I used to mow his lawn and during the summer months he let me use his pool. I had been a little naive back then, but had found out he was gay when I discovered a porn mag in his bathroom. It led to some awkwardness and some fantasies, but never anything real. He was still handsome, heavy set, but confident with gray hair and blue eyes that just knew everything about you. Emboldened by wine, I had confessed my highschool crush to him. He smiled a knowing smile and we agreed to meet.

I rushed to the door. I hadn't been home long and was still dressed from work. It was casual Friday, so jeans and a polo for me. I let him in. He was in slacks and a button down. I guess he'd just come from work too. "Hi." Was all I could manage.

"Nice little place you got here."

"Thanks." I said.

I lead him over to the couch and put the TV on. I learned I was bi in college, so he wasn't the first guy I'd had over for sex. I'd even dated a guy before, but there was something different this time. I was nervous in ways I usually wasn't. He'd been the first guy I'd had a thing for: What if he was bad? What if things went wrong? He must have sensed my nervousness. He leaned in and kissed me. It was an aggressive and passionate kiss. My eyes closed and our tongues mingled. When he broke the kiss he brought his hand to my cheek and looked at me: "Better?" He asked.

I smiled. We kissed again. A series of shorter kisses and I found myself unbuttoning his shirt exposing his chest and stomach, running my hands through his gray body hair. We broke the kiss again and he pulled my shirt off, a quick snatching move over my head. I don't have much body hair. I'm practically twinkish, just a small patch on my chest, a little in my arm pits, and a little on my legs. I keep my pubic region shaved. As I undid his belt and got his pants down. I saw that he was free balling and that he trimmed, but didn't shave.

Moment of truth. I wrapped my hand around his rapidly hardening cock. It was warm against my palm and I started with a slow stroke. His breathing quickened a touch and we kissed again, slow, deep kisses. Then I got on my knees in front of him and took him in my mouth. His musky scent flooded my nostrils as I worked up and down his cock, sucking s little to help work up more spit. He moaned softly, his hands resting tenderly on my shoulders, rubbing them gently. "Mmmmm... that's right." He said.

I kept going, quickening my pace and toying with his balls. His moans grew louder and my pace intensified. After a few more times up and down his shaft, I took his cock from my mouth. I stroked him with rapid strokes, sucking and licking at his balls while looking up at him. Aside from his pants still around his ankles he was fully naked, having shrugged out of his shirt. He was reclined on the couch looking upwards, moaning pleasantly.

After a few more strokes, I took him back into my mouth. I could taste his precum. I worked in fast full movements up and down his cock, several times nearly gagging as the tip reached my throat. "Mmmmm... Yeah... mmmm..." his moans encouraged me.

I kept going I felt frantic in wanting him to finish in my throat. Not to be done, but to be his. Still I kept my pace steady, sucking and licking and teasing at his balls. The, with a groan, he bucked. He grabbed my shoulders and shot a hot salty rope of cum into my mouth. Then another. In all he shot four heavy streams of jizz into my mouth before he relaxed. I swallowed and licked up anything I had left on his cock before looking up at him. 

He was smiling down at me with happy eyes. He pulled me up and we kissed again. He ran a hand down my smooth stomach and into my jeans. I was wearing briefs, but he negotiated the elastic band easily. I was so hard from sucking him off that I practically whimpered when he touched my cock. He eased my pants and briefs off, kicking his own slacks off at the same time. 

Then he started kissing me again. He started at my lips and I kissed him back, hungry for him. He worked to my neck and ear, still slowly and lightly striking me. He laid me down on the couch and put himself on the floor beside me. He broke from kissing me to work some spit onto his fingers. Then he was kissing me again, our tongues dancing and a moan escaping as I felt his wet fingertips run along from my balls to my anus. Slowly he worked his fingers into me, my hole loosening to his fingers. He slowed his strokes on my cock, bringing me to the edge of coming and backing me off several times.

Then he got up and taking my hand, guided me to my feet. "Where's your bedroom?" He asked.

"This way." 

I led us down the short hall passed my home office, to my bedroom. Greg laid me down on my queen sized bed and positioned himself behind me. Soon his tongue was probing my hole while he continued lightly stroke at my cock, edging me and backing off. I don't know how long he kept that up, I was writhing on the bed, spasms of pleasure running through me while my cock burned hotter and hotter. I was desperate to cum, but Greg didn't give me that final stroke that would set me off.

Then he was climbing up behind me, kissing his way up my back until I could feel the tip of his cock, hard again, run between my ass cheeks. I held my breath.

He eased his cock in, the tip stretching my hole and hurting just a little. Then he was in, his hands firm on my hips. I felt his fullness and moaned as he started fucking me in long, slow pumps.

A few strokes in and we were both moaning, I had begun working with him helping him thrusts go deeper inside of me. His pace for faster and faster and I felt the orgasm that he'd been keeping at bay building. My cock twitched involuntarily. I felt his pace increase and he reached around to grab my cock. He started stroking me in time with his own thrusts, but on the second stroke my cock twitched again and with a long moan I came, shooting several long ropes of cum across my comforter. A few strokes more and I felt him spasm inside of me. With a last few thrusts, he pumped his load into me before we collapsed onto the bed together.

He kissed my shoulders and neck a few times as he wrapped me in his arms. "I'm glad you came back to town." He said.

"Me too." I agreed.

Greg fished the comforter out from under us and then covered us with it. Resting there, having just been fucked better than I had in over a year and feeling warm and safe in his arms, I fell rights to sleep.