 Hey Guys! Here's the fifth chapter of Back to You. Big thanks for all the likes and comments. I read each and every one of them. Please keep letting me know what you think- I always take them into consideration when I'm writing the next chapters. This one's a little shorter- the story line for this chapter just seemed to have a natural finish. Still more chapters to come!

Chapter 5: I could get used to this.

Matt stirred, as the morning light crept through the curtains of Oliver's windows, flashing a light on his feet. He opened his eyes slowly, feeling the warmth of Ollie's breath on the back of his neck, blowing up every short strand of hair he had. He felt disoriented for a bit, not recognizing his surroundings as he lie stark naked in a bed that wasn't his. Breaking through the haze, he sighed in relief and cozied himself into Ollie, remembering the boy and every single thing they had done last night. He dug in, feeling his back press against Oliver's hard chest. Even in his sleep, he could feel Ollie tighten his grip on him as he leaned closer. Matt clenched slightly, feeling his lover's shaft rest perfectly against his hole. He bit down on his lip, remembering the feeling of Ollie pushing into him, causing Matt to tighten up, feeling the tenderness within his body. Last night he gave himself up to Oliver and was met with an experience beyond expectations. Oliver too, allowed himself to be taken in the same way. As he felt the boy's warmth penetrate his skin and sink through to his bones, he could practically see the thin line that separated the two of them blow away like dust in the wind. 

He closed his eyes, not trying to fall back asleep, but wanting to enjoy this moment. He could hear Oliver's soft breath, inhaling his every being as he pressed his skin further into him. After a few minutes of silent bliss, Matt grew restless. He unwrapped Oliver's arms from his body, laying them gently on his side. Moving ever so slightly, he turned as to not wake him. There, face to face, he examined the small pout that formed at Oliver's mouth, complete with furred brows and well pronounced lines that ran along the top of his forehead. He wondered what could be going through the boy's tired mind.

A few minutes later, Oliver stirred. Matt watched as the boy slowly opened his eyes, still keeping that disdained look as he allowed them to focus. It wasn't until he caught sight of Matt, lying peacefully beside him that his expression changed to that of relief. Oliver called out, still groggy, "Morning."

Matt let the soft tone of Oliver's voice reverberate through the room. He smiled slightly, "Good morning to you too." 

Oliver reached his arms out, motioning to Matty to close the gap that was left between them. The boy was practically begging for an embrace and Matt was more than happy to oblige. Scooting closer, Oliver hugged his boy tightly, brushing his nose against Matt's. Oliver asked, "You sleep okay?"

Matt yawned out, "Better than I have in a while." 

Oliver hugged tighter, "Good. Cause I can get used to this."

Matt raised his finger, gently tracing the lines on Oliver's forehead that had disappeared. He commented, "You were frowning right before you woke up, you looked a little uncomfortable. Did you have a bad dream or something?"

Oliver ran his palms against the soft hair on Matt's arms, "No. I-" He stopped himself, "Nevermind, it's stupid." 

Matt made a face, "You made me pull over yesterday cause I refused to tell you what was bothering me. Now spit it out."

Oliver exhaled, "Fine. I felt you pulling away from me earlier and I thought you had left." Oliver pressed his palm on his forehead, embarrassed by the omission.

Matt steadied the boy's uneasiness, "Not a chance, Morrison." Tightening his grip on the boy's wrists, he added, "That was really cute by the way. Now come on, I'm dying to kiss you," as he stood up and motioned the two of them towards the bathroom.

There, Oliver reached into one of the drawers and pulled out a unopened toothbrush to Matt as he plopped himself on the white counter. He winced slightly, feeling the cold surface on his bear ass as he swung his legs about, hoping the motions would keep him warm. They brushed their teeth while exchanging playful shrugs and lustful glances. Matt relaxed, finally free from every last inhibition that taunted him. This felt comfortable. And for Matt, who spent the last few years of his life uneasy in his own skin, he knew he could get used to this. Spitting out, Oliver opened his mouth, flashing Matt his incredibly white toothed smile causing the boy to blush. 

Matt teased, "I swear you should be on a Colgate commercial."

Oliver quickly replied, "I'll be their damn spokesperson if that's what it takes to get a kiss."

Oliver moved towards the space left between Matt's open legs. Pushing him, he wrapped his arms around the boy's sides while Matt circled his legs behind him, trapping him in. Matt leaned in and hugged Oliver, sending a wave of heat that washed over his naked body. Oliver followed his lead, resting his chin against Matty's shoulder. The gesture felt out of place, considering the sexual discovery the boys had yesterday and the days before. But Oliver reminded himself that Matty was his best friend long before he was his lover. They had never been weary of sharing an embrace as kids, and now that they've both grown, nothing seemed to change. There, with their arms wrapped around each other, it was like a new layer being sealed around their friendship. 

Feeling Matty's legs tightly wrapped around his body, Oliver gripped his boy and swiftly lifted him up in the air. Matt jerked back from the sudden movement, but Ollie's hand pressed against the boy's back, holding him steady. Matt raised an eyebrow, impressed, "Someone's been eating their veggies." 

Oliver exhaled, trying to play off the difficulty he had keeping Matt in the air. Looking down, he saw Matty's abs bundled together while his thick thighs practically poured out over Oliver's palms. He admitted, reaching the foot of the bed, "You're heavier than you look, Stevens." 

Leaning forward, he carefully laid Matt down on the soft comforter, keeping his eyes fixed on the boy's gaze. Feeling his back ease into the fabric, Matt untangled his legs from Oliver's back. He placed his hand at Oliver's jaw, pulling him into a deep kiss that filled his mouth with spearmint and Oliver's taste.Matt closed his eyes, savoring the taste on his tongue while Ollie gently caressed the back of his neck. 

After a few minutes, the boys pulled off, finally giving their oxygen-deprived lungs some air. Oliver cozied up to Matt's side, running his finger along the boy's abs. Matt flexed, feeling the soft motions against his skin. Ollie shook his head, "Okay you gotta give me your secret. How did you get so ripped?" Matt laughed aloud as Oliver continued his gawking, "I'm serious, dude! Growing up, you were never much into sports and I never saw you working out in the gym." 

Matt chuckled, "I started taking boxing classes a few years ago and I really focused my energy on that. Then recently I paid more attention to my cardio- started running more and getting some laps in every week at the pool." 

Oliver continued to feel every inch of Matt's physique, "Running and swimming? What, can you fly too?"

Matt shook his head, explaining, "Figured I'd be able to outrun any bullies on land and sea." Matt slipped it in so nonchalant that he hoped Oliver wouldn't linger. But he knew Oliver better than to actually believe he'd let it go.

Oliver paused for a second and turned so that he was face to face with Matt. Looking over, he could see the pain resurface in the boy's eyes- but only for a moment. It was like his inner happiness was fighting for control. And it was winning.

Lowering his voice, Oliver asked, "What was it like for you, all those years?" The question was soft- floating through the air before it landed gently on Matt's ears. 

Matt breathed out, admitting, "Lonely." He caught Oliver's gaze, "Self-deprecating." He paused for a second to gather his thoughts. Soon, he could feel them rush to his brain like a base coming in contact with acid. The words spilled out of his mouth, "I started to make myself feel numb. Like maybe if I made myself believe I couldn't feel pain, that eventually I wouldn't. After a while, I got used to the bullies and the name calling." He felt Oliver's grip tighten on his wrist, "It's everyone else that got me worked up. I could sense that people were being polite out of necessity- like they were scared to get too close in fear that they'd be the next victim. Those people- they were almost worse than the bullies." 

Oliver shook his head, almost reliving the pain that Matt had gone through. He cursed himself for not seeing it sooner. He question, "I just don't know why I didn't see it. There was a point in time when I was always there for you and yet you spent all those years alone. I had no idea what was going on." 

Matt took Ollie's hand in his, explaining, "Ollie. When I cut things off with you, I became the villain in your story. And rightfully so. Maybe you saw the story you wanted to see." Matt reminded him, "Besides, we weren't even friends then. I wasn't yours to protect. What would you have done? Threaten to kick their ass like you did with Bryce?"

Oliver's face turned, "You heard that?"

Matt shrugged, "I was on my way to meet up with you and I listened longer than I should have." 

Oliver held tight, refusing to falter, "I meant every word of that Matty. I won't let anyone hurt you anymore." His voice trailed off, like a train taking an unexpected detour. After a few seconds, his eyes drew fire, "Has he hurt you before? Was he one of them?"

Matt muttered under his breath, "One of the worst ones." 

Ollie shook his head in disbelief as he pounded his fist onto the mattress- the only surface within arm's reach that he knew he couldn't break. He yelled out, "Fuck!" Looking over at Matty, he could see the hard look on the boy's face, as if he knew this conversation was coming and he had more than enough time to prepare. He turned back, subduing any ounce of anger at the situation and met Matt with concern, "I can't believe I was friends with him, yet this whole time he was making you feel like nothing!"

Matt pushed himself into Oliver, forcing the boy to know that he was with him. He reasoned, "You didn't know, Oliver. None of this is your fault." He squeezed tight on Oliver's arm, "I'm good now. A little pieced up, but I'm good. And I promise that if he so much as says something to me, I won't let him get away with it."

Oliver looked over, confused, "Why, what's changed Matty? Why fight back now?"

Lifting his leg, Matt straddled his boy and leaned in. Pressing his lips against Ollie, he answered, "Cause now I have something worth fighting for." 

***

The boys managed to get dressed, much to Oliver's disdain. "They're just going to come off anyway, what's the point?", he reminded Matt as they slipped on some boxers. His logic was sound, Matt admitted, as he looked over at his boyfriend who stood beside him with the waistband barely clinging onto his hips. They headed downstairs, leaving Oliver's bedroom in shambles with bedsheets and pillows scattered throughout. Matt left it alone, knowing that criminals always return to the scene of the crime. 

Making their way towards the kitchen, Matt took a seat at the breakfast bar as Oliver peeked into the pantry and pulled out a box of pancake mix. Pouring the contents into a bowl, Matt commented, "You're actually gonna cook breakfast for us?"

Oliver nodded, as he poured water into the bowl, "Only the best for my dude. Now what are you doing all the way over there? Come here, you." 

Matt smiled as he swung around to the other side of the bar. Oliver patted the counter in front of him as Matt hopped up and took his rightful place. The boy swung is legs about as Ollie moved in with only a mixing bowl separating their bodies. Matt wrapped his hand around Oliver's as he was starting to stir the batter together. Leaning over, Matt reached for the chocolate chips at the edge of the counter and sprinkled them in, gilding the lily that was this morning. 

A few minutes and two decent stacks of pancakes later, the boys found themselves at the kitchen table. Oliver inhaled half of his stack in under two minutes, which Matt understood to be pretty slow. Between bites, Ollie focused his attention on Matt who sat just inches away from him. He couldn't believe how handsome he was and, more importantly, how it took him so long to appreciate the boy before him. Matt stared off to the living room, seemingly letting his mind leave his body- a common act for him. Ollie sat there wondering what could be going through that beautiful boy's mind. He reached over, rubbing his toes against Matt's leg to try and bring him back to Earth. 

Matt shook his head, asking, "What? Don't tell me you're still hungry- here you can finish this" as he slid his plate over. 

Oliver shook his head as he stood up and sat at the edge of the table, replacing Matt's plate. He grinned down at his boy, rubbing his bare feet against his thick thighs and curling his toes at the edges of Matt's boxers. Matt chuckled as Oliver traced the outline of his soft cock with his toes. He teased, "You can't even let a man finish his breakfast?"

Shaking once more, Oliver replied, "I'm an eighteen year old guy who just had sex for the first time last night with my very attractive boyfriend." Matt blushed at the second part as Ollie worked over the boy's body. He continued, "This is all your doing, lover boy."

Oliver leaned in and stuck out his tongue, dragging it against Matt's lips. He could instantly taste the sweet maple syrup that remained on the boy's mouth. Closing in, he sucked hard as if trying to get every ounce of flavor left. Even with his eyes closed, Ollie could feel the smile that grew on Matt's face. He lifted his hand and gently brushed his thumb along the boy's square jaw. Sliding his palm against Matt's chin, he held on for support as he continued to lean in and attack the boy's mouth. By then, his legs swung around Matt's frame as he leaned down and kissed him deep. 

Matt pulled away as his head was starting to spin. He gently wrapped his hands around Oliver's sides as he kissed the boy's stomach. Ollie let out a soft chuckle as Matt flicked his tongue against his belly button before moving south. Inches away from Ollie's crotch, Matt could smell the boy's musk that fell over the air around him. The strong scent of Ollie's body with faint undertones of cum and sweat filled Matt's nostrils, causing his dick to stir. He leaned in, pressing his closed lips against the thin fabric that covered the boy's cock. The gentleness proved enough as Ollie's cock grew hard from Matt's soft nudges against him. Oliver moaned out as he felt Matt's fingertips slide in and out of the openings at his thighs, like a perpetual game of "he loves me, he loves me not". 

Matt dug his fingers into the waistband of Ollie's boxers as he kissed the insides of the boy's thighs. Not even half an hour had passed since they decided to put on some semblance of clothes and here he was, about to peel off the thin fabric that barely covered anything at all. Kissing at the boy's abdomen, Ollie lifted himself up enough to pull away the boxers. He sat back down, pressing his ass into his mother's beloved dining table- the one they had custom made from a woodworking shop up north using native Californian redwood. Those thoughts and the horror to be had if she knew what went on were soon pushed away as he felt Matt's lips wrap around his cock. Matt hung his mouth just beneath the head as he swirled his tongue underneath the boy's foreskin- an act he knew Ollie loved. He continued to push down, taking Ollie's cock down his throat with ease. He could feel himself opening up, letting more of his boyfriend's length in until finally, his nose brushed up against Oliver's pubes.

Oliver moaned unexpectedly as Matt took all of him in. He clenched hard, desperately trying to control himself from cumming right then and there. But Matt wasn't making it any easier, as he stretched his tongue out and grazed it against the bottom of Ollie's balls while his throat pressed on the boy's hard cock. Matty was pulled up by Oliver's strong hands as he pushed the chair aside, causing a loud screech as it dragged against the hardwood floor. Getting to his feet, Matt was almost set off balance as Oliver drew his lips into a series of strong and darting kisses. He kept his eyes closed, focused on the tender brushes of Ollie's lips against his. Ollie's fingers tangled themselves into Matt's curls, digging the tips into his scalp. 

As their lips fought for control, Matt could feel the tip of Ollie's cock push against his belly button, leaving it slick with precum. He pulled down on his boxers and, holding onto Ollie for support, lifted his leg and flung them off. The words, "they're just going to come off anyway" rang through Matty's ears before shutting them up by kissing his boy. 

Matt lowered his hands and slowly felt them being towards Ollie's hole as the boy sat there with legs fully extended, giving him clear direction of which way to go. He reached out, softly at first and cradled the boy's low hanging balls at rested against the wooden tabletop. Kneading them with his thumb, Matt moved his pointer so that it rested just below the boy's taint. Ollie then scooted forward and leaned back slightly, giving his boyfriend proper access to his now willing hole. But Matt knew he needed to handle with care, rubbing the tip of his finger along the boy's crease like a shard of slow melting ice puddling into itself. 

Matt controlled his movements, asking, "Does this hurt?"

Oliver bit down on his lip, suppressing a moan, "No- it's just sensitive. It's like the feeling has been turned up to a hundred." 

Matt's concern didn't waver, "Just tell me if it's too much."

Ollie shot back, "If I wanted you to stop, I would've told you already- now keep fingering me!"

Matt chuckled as Ollie spread his legs further, nearly resting the back of his knees against the edges of the dining table. He brought his hand to his mouth and spat out, wetting the palm. Bringing it down to Ollie's hole, he smeared it against the insides of his cheeks and pushed slightly. Though met with less resistance than last night, he could still feel the tightness Ollie had. Luckily Matt, and his new found outlook on life, didn't mind pushing a few limits. He twisted his wrist slightly as he pushed himself closer. By now, Oliver's balls were smothering the palm of his hand as he fingered him nice and slow. He motioned towards Ollie and the two met for a kiss with Matty pulling away ever so slightly only to return back, mimicking the motions he kept with his fingers. Though he had opened up some, Ollie's hole still held a tight grip on the boy's fingers- leaving Matt worried if he pulled out entirely, he wouldn't be let back in. 

Oliver loved the feeling of Matt's long fingers pushing against his flesh, but the motions only served to whet the boy's appetite. He needed more. And looking down at the colossal meat that hung off Matt's body, he knew he was going to get just that. Taking his rightful place, Matt asked, "Wanna take this upstairs?"

Ollie bit down, shaking his head profusely, "There's no time for that- I need you now dude!"

Feeling the friction between his finger and Ollie's skin, Matt insisted, "We at least need some lube, I don't wanna-"

Matt was cut off by Oliver's strained voice as the boy pointed towards the kitchen, "There's a bottle on the counter." As Matt croaked his head, Ollie explained, "I swiped a bottle from my nightstand when we left- figured it would come in handy."
