 Stepping into the bathroom was like being led into another dimension. Matt told Ollie that they should get cleaned up and leave the house, and after some debate about how they should spend the rest of the day crawled up in bed, he finally folded. Matt knew his dimples would come in handy. Ollie offered to get the water running, knowing that a steaming shower would be just what they needed to rest their worn out muscles. Meanwhile, Matt offered to grab some towels for them and the two parted ways for the first time in over fifteen hours. 

As he walked through, Matt could feel the pores of his skin instantly opening up as the humidity fell over the room, leaving it in a thin cloud of haze. It wasn't until he stepped past the vanity and placed the fresh towels on the rack that he saw the silhouette of Ollie's prized ivory skin, leaning over the various nozzles and knobs. Just a thick sheet of glass covered in condensation separated the two as Matt stepped his foot into the shower, digging into the tile floor. His motions were drowned out by the running water that poured out in front of Oliver, who stood at the end, trying to find the perfect temperature. The shower itself wasn't anything to call home about; it had more than enough room for one person, but offered little space for two. Matt wasn't worried about being packed in with his boyfriend, he knew that they'd find a way to make it fit. 

Matt reached out, needing to touch him. As Matt's arms wrapped around his wide shoulders, Oliver didn't jump from the surprise. Even being crept on from behind, he eased into Matty's touch like a magnet making contact with steel. The boy's stood for a bit, allowing the water to rise to their ankles before being washed down the drain. Oliver turned to take Matt into his lips, causing his new growing cock to brush against the boy's legs. 

Biting down on his lip, Matt could see how hard his boy was. Not even ten minutes ago, Ollie had managed to shoot a huge load of cum and yet here he was, throbbing like he hadn't cum before. Matty kissed at the boy's cheek as he turned to the faucet. Oliver nearly jumped as he felt the warm water wash over his body like a cascading river before splitting in to steady streams at both sides of his dick. Matt's chaste kisses were effective, but did nothing for the boy's swelling cock that stood there, untouched. He called out, "Easy there buddy, let's actually wash up and get some food, then we can play later." 

He swore he could hear groans as he stepped aside and reached for the soap. Matty added, "Besides, it's been what- almost two hours since we last ate? You must be starving." 

Ollie was about to object when he felt his stomach grumble. "Fine. But I'm having my way with you later," Oliver replied back as he leaned over at cupped the boy's perfect ass. 

After a few laughs, he lowered his head, wetting the strands of his jet black hair under the shower. Oliver sighed as he felt the strong streams press into his scalp like a million fingertips, working their way through his tightness. He zoned out in that moment as the water washed over him, only brought back to reality by the feeling of Matty's slick fingers as he worked the fresh foam into his skin. Matt used his hands to guide his body through Ollie's skin, rubbing up against his flesh like it was the first time he had touched it. His expert hands worked their way into Ollie's underarms, combing through the boy's hair. Oliver lifted them up, flexing his biceps as Matty worked soap into them. He took both hands and circled them around the defined muscle, unable to grasp it fully. Matty leaned in and kissed at the three inch stretch of skin between his fingertips- the space that he wasn't able to fully wrap around. 

Matty called out, "You know, I think I like you best when wet. It's a good look for you, babe." 

Ollie laughed as he shook his head vigorously, splashing Matt in the face, "Shut up and get my back, won't you?"

Filling his hands with soap, Matt worked over Ollie's back. He watched the suds run down the crease and collect at the boy's crack. Matty leaned in, cupping the boy's ass in his hands and squeezing gently. Ollie moaned out, pressing his hand against the glass for support. He felt his knees grow weak in that moment as Matty massaged his cheeks. After a few seconds, he felt a sensation run through his body . He turned his head, pleading, "Matty, please stop. I-"

Matt softened his grip, but left his hands on the boy's sweet ass, "Relax babe, I wasn't going to go any further, I just couldn't resist myself."

Ollie replied back, barely audible over the running water, "It's not that. You know I want you. It's just, you kinda filled me up earlier." Oliver's face instantly turned a bright shade of red the more he continued to speak, "You were touching me like that and it felt really good. And I felt like if you kept it up, It would have wanted to...come out." He immediately threw his arms up and crossed them over his face. Ollie let out a forced laugh, hoping the sound of running water would drown out all the words he said. 

Matt reached up and withdrew Oliver's arms from his face, peeling them away slowly like they were the wrappings of a present. Finally clear, he looked as Oliver continued to keep his eyes closed with cheeks still flared. Matt leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Ollie's lips, telling the boy to open his eyes. He kept a steady voice as he looked his lover in the eye, "You don't have to be embarrassed with me. Come on, show me."

Oliver flashed that winning smile, nodding in agreement. He turned back, pressing his chest against the cold glass and pushed his ass out. Matt bit down on his lip, cursing himself for making the decision to shower and go back to civilization. With his boy's plump cheeks just inches from his fingertips, splashing against his body as it ran down his backside like a waterslide, he wanted nothing more than to sink his cock deep inside- for the second time this morning. He restrained himself, letting only his fingertips graze the underside of Ollie's cheeks. He gripped them, pulling them apart and watched as the water ran down in the newly opened crevice. He called out, "Let it out, babe."

As if on cue, a stream of white liquid ran down the side of Oliver's leg, clutching to the boy's wet skin before making its way down to his feet. Matty watched as it pooled on the tile floor, only to be washed away as if it was never there at all. He could feel his cock grow hard, as that image planted itself deep into his memories- the same way he had planted his cum deep inside Ollie. Resisting temptation, he turned Ollie around and licked his wet lips, He waited for him to finally open his eyes, remarking, "That was unbelievably hot." 

Ollie turned back with his face still brushed in a bright red hue. He put his face under the stream, hoping it would rid him of his crimson skin and all of the insecurities he had. Pressing his open palms against Matt's chest, he rubbed a few times. Matty palmed his hands in his, offering, "Let's get you clean, dirty boy." 

The boys managed to go the rest of their shower without any interruptions. Twenty minutes and a half empty bottle of body wash later, they finally finished up and made their way back to the bedroom. Ollie followed behind, watching the cheeks of Matt's perfectly round ass bounce with every step. He stopped, watching his boy step right into the sunlight that peeked through the curtains at the foot of his bed. He could see droplets of water still rolling down the boy's lightly furred chest. Matty shook his hair about, leaving the area surrounding him with a fine sprinkling of water. Looking back at Ollie, he cleared his throat.

He raised an eyebrow, "You just gonna stand there or are you going to get me something to wear?"

Ollie laughed, wiping up the rest of his torso until it was dry, "Just grab anything out of the closet. I may be a little bigger than you, but you're taller, so I'm sure you'll find something."

Matt walked over and opened the closet door to find a wave of clothes washing over his feet. It was like floodgates were opened as he stood ankle-deep in a pile of t-shirts and jeans. He shook his head, thankful that Ollie had at least tried to clean up. He called out, "Well at least you have somewhat of a system going here. Let me guess, if it's not on the floor, then it's clean?"

Oliver cracked up as he threw a pair of boxers to Matt, hitting him in the back of his head. "Keep teasing and you'll be forced to wear those shorts from last night. You should've thought about that before you practically soaked them in your pre-cum." 

Matt shook his head as he leaned down to slip on the underwear. Peeking into the closet, he combed through each of the shirts Oliver had actually managed to hang up. It felt like a good half hour had passed as he aimlessly by passed shirt after shirt; each one etched with the name "Morrison" on the back along with the prominent number 43 stitched into it. Ollie came up behind him and pulled out a simple green tee- the only one of the entire batch that didn't scream "pep rally." Reaching the end, he caught sight of a long sleeve tucked between a suit he'd assumed Oliver hadn't worn in years, and a fleece from last winter. 

Reaching out, he pulled on the soft fabric, releasing it from the metal hanger. "No-is this? It can't be?" he asked as he brought it closer.

Ollie came up from behind as he buttoned the top of a presumably clean pair of khaki shorts. He asked, "It can't be what?"

Matty turned, clenching the navy crewneck in his hands with a smile plastered across his face. "It's the sweater from our trip to Santa Cruz!" 

Oliver shot him a puzzled look, trying to understand what he was talking about. It wasn't until he saw that bright red logo with futuristic yellow text spread across that he finally joined the conversation. His face curled up into a smile that rivalled Matty's as he replied, "I didn't even realize I kept this all those years." 

Rubbing his fingers into the soft cotton, Matt could practically feel the cool breeze sweep across his face the same way it did on the boardwalk five years ago. He started, "We had just lost our championship baseball game and our dads wanted to take a drive down to Santa Cruz. It was just the four of us: no moms, no crying baby sister. I remember we had spent the afternoon on all the rides and we stuffed ourselves with hot dogs and funnel cakes."

Ollie chimed in, "That's one of the best memories I have growing up." 

Matty nodded, "We were about to call it a day when the two of us snuck off to one of those overpriced gift shops by the parking lot. We scraped together all the money we had and ended up having just enough for one sweater."

Oliver added, "The plan was to trade off. But when we got back to your house, we realized that we picked up one that was two sizes too big. I had no idea I kept it all those years. I'm glad I did!"

Ollie leaned over and held the sweatshirt by the hem. Motioning to the taller boy, Matty bent down, presenting his golden brown curls. Ollie ruffled them in his fingers as he slipped the soft fabric over his boy. Taking a step back, ran his hands against the sleeves, "You won't believe how comfortable this is. Oh my god." Matty could feel the sweater conforming to the edges of his body, lightly clinging onto his skin- it felt familiar. He wondered how a new piece of clothing could feel like it had been his for years. 

"Looks like it's a perfect fit", Ollie commented as he ran his fingers along the hem. He loved how it looked on him, but there was also part of him that never wanted Matty to wear clothes again. 

***

Matty led the way past the busy tables and methodical bussing to a spot at the far end of the café. He sat down facing the chaos beyond them while motioning for Ollie to take a seat across him. Oliver raised and eyebrow as he felt the world watching him from behind. And soon, as the server took their drink orders, he wondered if the same insecurities Matty had about them being seen as a couple had crept up behind him. Still, he brushed those thoughts aside, focusing only on Matty's deep blue eyes- the only reassurance he needed. 

Sipping his water, Ollie asked, "So is this where you take all of your boyfriends?" He focused on Matty's body language, wondering if something between them had gotten lost in translation. In reality, he wanted to ask why he had chosen this secluded spot at the back of this completely random eatery.

Matt smiled as he played with his thumbs, "It's where I take my only boyfriend." He smiled, breaking through the interrogation Ollie was about to start. Matty went on, "I come here after school sometimes to do homework. Kinda beats locking myself up in my room or studying in the library. Plus the sandwiches here are pretty awesome."

Ollie pursed his lips at the answer that seemed to quench his curiosity. He decided to throw away his worries. Matty didn't bring him to some random place so they wouldn't be seen. He felt comfortable here and as Ollie eased into the worn out wooden booth, he did too. 

The boys got lost in conversation like a bullet train speeding through the tracks without taking a stop. It wasn't until their server brought out two baskets of pastrami sandwiches piled high with homemade chips that nearly spilled off the edges, that their mouths stopped talking long enough to water. Ollie dove in first, biting down on the crusty Dutch Crunch bread before reaching the succulent meat. He pulled away leaving a trail of swiss cheese like something out of a cartoon. Matty sat back and ate his sandwich with far less enthusiasm. He swore that Oliver always seemed to eat as if he had been starved his whole life. 

After some time, Ollie had now resulted to blatantly stealing chips from Matty's basket as the boy got up to use the restroom. Ollie heard a voice coming up from behind, "Hey Oliver!" 

He turned to see a girl he knew flashing him an enthusiastic smile. By all standards she was beautiful, with long brunette hair cascading down her shoulders with soft pink lips that capped off her perfect teeth. Even the way she stood was telling; a bit too close for someone he didn't know very well, but yet a confidence as if she was forcing her way in. He called out, "Oh hey, Abby. How's it going?"

Oliver's words and body language oozed casualness as he kept his posture, not wavering even at the sight of a bombshell before him. The truth was that he didn't know Abby that well- she was merely a friend of a friend. The two ran in the same circles but never seemed to cross paths. She stepped closer, "I'm doing well. I was just on my way to the ladies' room when I saw you over here and wanted to say hi." 

Oliver tried his best not to make a face, knowing full well that the restrooms were on the other side of the café and that she was making up an excuse to talk to him. Maybe the old Oliver would have brushed it off as sweet, but it just felt fake to him. He only nodded, deciding to spare her the obvious. Still she continued, "So are you here by yourself?", she asked as if trying to get an invitation to stay. 

An innocent smile crept up on Oliver's face, "No actually, I'm here with Matt. We just stopped by to get some lunch." Matty came up right on cue, sneaking past Abby and finding his place across Oliver. Ollie motioned, "Abby you know Matt, right?"

Matt curled his lips to form a sorry excuse for a smile as he looked over towards her. She stood unnecessarily close with her perfect breasts only inches away from Oliver's face. He felt proud somewhat, as the boy kept his eyes on hers all the while she kept her freshly manicured fingers on Ollie's shoulder. Growing up with Ollie, Matt knew the types of girls he was into, and Abby Winters with her low cut top in the middle of the Bay Area fog was number one with a bullet. But Oliver kept this way about him- it was an endearing smile that could let someone down easy without causing too much heartbreak. This was how he looked at Abby. Matt had never been on the receiving end of that. 

Abby decided to drop the pleasantries, admitting, "Actually I don't think we've met before. Hi, nice to meet you." She spoke not even bothering to turn towards Matt, instead keeping her overdone lashes on Oliver. 

Matt blatantly rolled his eyes, "We've been classmates since middle school and we have three classes together this year." Ollie could practically hear a pin drop in that moment. He chuckled to himself as if this was a private show put on for his enjoyment. 

Abby kept a mean poker face, never dropping that fake smile. She reasoned, "Hm. Is that so? Well, it is a big school." The two had been exchanging death glares along with mental jabs full of words not for the faint of heart. She kept her composure through it all, continuing, "I didn't realize you two were friends." 

Something inside Matty snapped. Maybe it was all those years of fake interactions just like the one he was having now- with someone who clearly cared more about saving face than actually being a real person. He didn't care if people didn't like him- he just hated the whole superficial attitude everyone held. He looked over at Abby and corrected, "We're not just friends. Oliver is my boyfriend and we're actually here on a date." Matt kept his words firm and concise, making sure there wasn't anything left to interpretation. 

Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Ollie's jaw had nearly fallen to the floor. He stared at Matty with eyes widened not out of anger, but disbelief. Just yesterday, he was swept with paranoia that someone would find out about then. Yet here they were, with Matty confessing their truth- not worried of any consequences. 

Abby tried her best, but she still couldn't manage to keep her straight face. She cleared her throat, "Come again?"

This time Oliver stepped in, "We're dating, Abby. It's been about a week, but Matt's always been a been a big part of my life." Ollie knew that he wasn't saying those words to rub it in her face- it was how he felt. He had never admitted how much Matty meant to him to anyone other than Matt himself. It was those words that finally broke her. Oliver watched the bottom lip of her perfect smile come undone like a rip in a piece of fabric destined to tear apart. 

Abby cleared her throat, "I see." Matty had trouble containing his laugh as the perfect girl before him was being rejected by none other than his boyfriend. She went on, "Well I wouldn't want to keep you. I'll see you around Oliver." She looked over to Matty, shooting death glares with her eyes that didn't manage to break past his tough exterior, "Matt."

Matty waited until she was out the door before standing up, "Shall we go?"

***

"Mind telling me what all that was about?" Oliver asked with humor in his voice as they hopped into Matt's car. 

Matt shook his head as he pulled over his seatbelt, "I know! I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. I guess I was a little jealous and she just kept looking at you and..."

Ollie cut him off, "Matty, babe, it's okay. I actually thought it was pretty hot- watching you get all worked up over me." 

He peeked through his cringed face, "Really? So you're not mad that I basically outed us? I wouldn't put it past her to send a mass text to everyone at school that I turned their golden boy gay." 

Ollie put his hand on Matt's leg, "Wait 'til they hear how good you fucked me this morning." Leaning in close, Oliver took Matt's ear lobe in his tongue and sucked hard, "So. Fucking. Good."

Matt let out a moan as he gripped the steering wheel for stability. He suddenly felt real thankful for Abby Winters and her unwelcomed advances. He turned to take Ollie by the mouth, slipping his tongue around his as they fumbled fingertips against their tented shorts. Ollie's taste had Matt starving for more as he leaned over and gripped the back of his head, pulling him closer. The boy reciprocated by gripping Matt's well hung bulge with so much movement, it could have burned through the fabric. Between the confidence Matty held and the way he defended himself to a complete stranger, Ollie ravaged at him, wanting to smother his entire body with kisses and bites. He moved down to Matt's neck and sucked on the boy's tan skin with a hunger he always felt when he was around him. 
