 Authors Note:

I'd like to thank my friend and editor Jim, (Mojavejoe420) for his help with this piece. 

This is a short story I submitted for a contest on another website. It's my first foray into this genre, but I wanted to write something new and hopefully challenge myself. You're critiques and criticisms are welcomed and appreciated. 

- - - - -

"Thunk... Thunk... Thunk... Thunk..."

It took everything in my power to resist the urge to fold my hotel pillow over my ears in an attempt to drown out that abhorrent noise.

What the Fuck?

I get it. He's horny, but does he have to masturbate in the bed next to me? Or at the very least, can't he wait until I fall asleep?

My best friend Wes and I were in Las Vegas on our annual vacation taking in the sights and doing a little drinking and gambling. Unfortunately, for the second night in a row, he was 'rubbing one out' five feet away from me in the other queen size bed. Last night I'd drank enough to fall asleep. However, tonight I wasn't so lucky.

What would you do in this situation? Tell him to 'shut the hell up so I can get some rest?' He was my best friend and I only saw him once a year. I just couldn't be that rude.

"Thunk... Thunk... Thunk... Thunk..."

You know I can hear you right? How could he not know? He's not even trying to hide it!!

Then, my eyes popped open and I was now wide awake in the semi-darkness staring up at the hotel ceiling.

Of course, he knows I can hear him. He knows exactly what he's doing!! This isn't a mistake. This is some sort of perverse invitation. He wants me to join him!!

Was Wes gay? NO. I've met his girlfriends. Maybe he's bisexual?

I honestly don't know.

Regardless, I'm not gay. I was a jock. I played football in high school for Christ sake, and that was only a few years ago. I'm not some queer Nancy-boy.

Suddenly, my mind took me back to my high school days. The locker room, the locker room talk, the off-colored jokes my teammates and I shared regarding homosexuals. So much had changed in the four years since I graduated high school. I was older and wiser now. I had matured and was definitely not as judgemental as I used to be.

Even watching porn lately, like when it's a threesome with two guys and a girl. The thought of two guys at the same time didn't repulse me. In fact, it intrigued me and I found myself looking at the guys just as much as the girl.

I guess, to be honest, I was curious. Maybe more curious than I wanted to admit.

To make matters worse, I was also going through a bit of a dry spell. I had broken up with my girlfriend three months earlier and the only relief I was getting involved my right hand.

Nonetheless, taking that step into the unknown, trying something different, getting off that tried and true beaten path, that's terrifying. On the other hand, he's my best friend. I've known him since preschool and I trust him, explicitly.

There was an inner turmoil raging inside me that I had never experienced. Stay in the bed and play it safe. Or, take that step into the unknown. I had always been that conservative guy who never took risks, who always evaluated every possible move, and planned for every contingency. For once in my life, I wanted to be the one who took a chance and jumped off the cliff before trying to figure out how many feet down it was into the water.

Do I really have the balls to go through with this?

In that moment, I had an epiphany and my mind was made up and there was no going back.

I took a deep breath and got out of bed. Instantly, the 'thunking' stopped. I looked over and saw his hand between his legs under the thin hotel blanket and sheet.

"Would you like some help with that?"

Our eyes met in the darkness and a little smile broke across his face.

"Okay."

I sat on his bed beside him and he slid the blanket and sheet down his body which exposed his boxers and his sizable cock that was protruding out of the slit in the front.

Damn.

I had always known he was big. He had to be in the top two or three when it came to size out of all the guys in our class. I had to admit, I was a bit envious. Unfortunately, my member could only be described as average, at best. But his... his length and girth were impressive, by anyone's standards.

With a trembling hand I fought to control, I grasped his member firmly and he let out a low moan. Slowly, I began to stroke him and he quickly grew to full hardness. Unlike me, he wasn't cut, and just the look of it was different. The way the extra skin seemed to cling to the head was almost mesmerizing to me.

"Yeah, Scott... just like that..." he said as his voice broke the silence.

I was stroking him a bit faster now and his pre-cum was starting to ooze out of his head and began to collect on my fingers. I was rubbing him the way I liked to rub myself which helped to ease some of my nervousness and anxiety about participating in this very foreign, yet familiar act.

I was caressing him at a faster pace and squeezing his member just a bit harder which caused his pre-cum to drip down my fingers. He was also letting out low, guttural moans and I surmised from the change in his breathing that he was getting close. I wanted to take this to completion. However, I also yearned for more. I had gone this far, and I wanted to take the next step with him.

Abruptly, I stopped stroking him. I hadn't even realized it, but his eyes had been close and once I released him from my hand, he slowly opened them.

"Would you be okay with me doing more?"

He smiled.

"If you twist my arm, I think you could talk me into it."

I grinned.

I slid into the bed beside him and wiped my sticky fingers off onto the sheets. I realized that I was glad it was dark. The darkness felt safe as if I was hiding from someone. In that moment, maybe I needed that darkness to hide from myself.

I took a deep breath and grasped his cock firmly in my hand again. I stroked it slowly this time and extended my tongue and licked gently along the head.

Again, he let out deep, low moans. I could taste some of that pre-cum on the tip of my tongue. I had tasted my own before. But his... it seemed to be saltier, tangier than mine, somehow.

Surprisingly, I could also feel my own member stiffen while I listened to his moans of pleasure. I realized it was turning me on to share this intimate act with him and give him this part of myself.

"Put more of your mouth on me..." he said between low groans.

Tentatively, I placed my mouth over the head of his cock while continuing to stroke him and up and down. His pre-cum was much more pronounced now in my mouth. Shockingly, I really didn't mind it and it just seemed to add to the experience.

He was so long and thick I couldn't take him very deep because when I tried, my gag reflex instantly kicked in and I began to cough. He seemed to like what I was doing so I just concentrated on his bulbous head while continuing to caress him with long, slow, even strokes.

His breathing was really becoming strained now and he knew he was climbing that mountain and it wouldn't be long before he reached the peak.

"God, Scott, I'm there..."

I was tempted to let him cum in my mouth, but that was an advanced maneuver that I just wasn't ready for. I let his cock slip out of my mouth while I continued stroking him. Within seconds, thick ropes of semen splashed onto his chest and stomach. Again, I had to admit I was a bit envious because I couldn't ever remember producing the quantity he did.

I let go of him and waited for his breathing to return to normal as he recovered.

A few moments later, our eyes met.

"Why don't you lay back. It's your turn now."

Wordlessly, I moved back against the headboard of the bed. I watched as he used the sheet to wipe up the semen from his torso. Then, he quickly got between my open legs. I slid my ass up off the mattress and he helped slide my boxers down my thighs before removing them and throwing them on the floor.

Silently, his eyes met mine and he took my erect member into his mouth. He plunged me in and out, taking me deeper with each descent until he had taken me down the root.

His mouth could only be described as exquisite. It was warm and wet and before long, gentle slurping sounds emanated from between my legs. He had definitely done this before, many times I suspected. Compared to his fellatio skills, my ex-girlfriend was a novice. He knew where all my pressure sensitive points were on my cock and he hit every one of them. He was varying the speed with his mouth from rapid movements before slowing to soft, placid motions.

All too quickly, I could feel my orgasm begin to build and he must have also been able to sense it. Without warning, he let my member slip from his mouth.

I looked down and our eyes met.

"You need to learn some control."

We both broke into gentle laughter.

"I'd have some if your mouth didn't feel so fucking good."

He smiled.

"I'll help you calm down a bit."

He took me back into his hand and slowly started to stroke me. Almost simultaneously, he moved his mouth down to my sack and gently rolled my balls around with his tongue. I studied his eyes and it was like he was lost in this very intimate, sensual act. I had experienced a few blowjobs in my time, but none of them even came close to my best friends skill and expertise.

After a minute or so he tentatively, leisurely, took me back into his mouth. This time, one of his hands moved down and he gently caressed my balls while simultaneously fellating me. His saliva was dripping out of his wet mouth and I knew some of it has to be collecting in my pubic hair. Almost subconsciously, I began to thrust my hips upward in an attempt to get more of myself into his mouth. He put his hand on my stomach and let my cock slip out of his mouth.

Our eyes met.

"Trust me, it will feel better if you let me do the work."

"Okay," I said sheepishly.

He took me back into his mouth and began sucking me at an almost fevered pitch. It felt as if lightning bolts were shooting through my body as I very quickly began to feel my orgasm start to build. I wanted to prolong these ethereal sensations for as long as I could, but that was an exercise in futility. Regardless, I wanted to give him a warning.

"Wes, I'm almost there..." I murmured between very labored breathing.

My words only seemed to spur him on. He plunged my cock in and out of his mouth at what could only be described as a fevered pace.

Within seconds, I felt my world go dark while volleys of my semen splashed into his mouth.

As I started coming back down and my senses were back about me, I watched while he swallowed the cum that was in his mouth. He then extended his tongue and licked up and down my member cleaning what little semen he missed.

Our eyes met.

"I could really use a bottle of water, you want one too?" he said.

"Yeah, that would be good."

He rose out of the bed and walked toward the mini bar.

I took a few moments and began processing the very surreal turn of events that had just occurred. Did this make me gay? Was my best friend gay? I couldn't help but wonder if things would be awkward between us now that we had just sucked each other off. The room now felt very small and a thick, heavy uneasiness washed over me.

Wes sat on the edge of the bed which brought me back to the now.

"You weren't too bad for your first time," he said while handing me the bottle of water.

I could feel my face blush into a deep, red crimson.

"Thank you, I think."

He smiled.

"You know how long I've been wanting to do that with you?"

I didn't even know how to respond to that.

"I'm guessing for a while."

Since high school.

"Are you ummm... Gay?"

"I just like sucking cock and getting my cock sucked sometimes. Do you think that makes me gay?"

"I have no idea how to process any of this."

I thought for a moment.

"You could have told me you were into this."

"Tell the homophobic jock that I thought about having a cock in my mouth? You would have kicked my ass."

I felt flustered and I wasn't sure how to respond.

Would I have?

He continued.

"I remember all the gay jokes you used to tell in high school. That didn't really inspire much confidence in your ability to understand my curiosity about guys."

He had a point.

"I'm sorry, okay? As you can see, my views have changed a little since then."

"I can see it has, you just need to work on your technique a little."

We both laughed and took a sip of our water.

"So when did this start for you?" I asked.

"I was curious in high school, but when I got to college I had a chance to explore those feelings a bit."

My jaw dropped open. Wes and I had gone to different colleges that were a few hours apart. Luckily, we stayed in contact throughout our collegiate years.

"I have to ask, with who?"

"Do you remember, Ethan?"

"Yeah, I met him... Sophomore year, right?"

"Yes."

He paused for a moment to collect his thoughts.

"Well, we pretty much sucked each other off the entire year. That ended though when he transferred."

I tried to hide my shocked expression. He was so matter-of-fact about this, so nonchalant.

We took another sip of our water and a calm silence fell over the room. This wasn't awkward at all. He was still my best friend, we had just got a little... umm... closer over the last hour.

"So what's up with you jacking off the last two nights?"

His face broke into a sly smile.

"It worked didn't it?"

I grinned.

"I figured you'd either fall asleep again or tell me to stop. Luckily, I got more than I expected."

"Well, you're just fortunate we're not in high school anymore."

We both laughed and finished our bottles of water.

I had to admit, this... this conversation... was... liberating. It felt good to admit to my best friend, and even myself, that I had these feelings. Moreover, it felt even better to be able to share them in a sympathetic, secure, environment. He made me feel safe and that was the best feeling in the world.

He got up from the bed and grabbed two more bottles of water. This time, while he was walking towards me, I took a moment to admire his big cock. Even flaccid, it was still impressive. I loved the way the head swung back and forth and touched his thighs as he walked.

I looked up and our eyes met. A big smile broke across his face when he caught me admiring his member.

"You like my cock, don't you?"

I could feel myself blushing again.

"It's... ummm... really nice..." I stammered.

It felt so good to admit the truth. My friend had an impressive penis and it felt good telling him.

"Have you ummm... ever done more than just ummm..."

He saw where I was going with this line of questioning and stepped in.

"Not with a guy. The girls love it though."

"I can... ummm... imagine."

He shot me a stunned look.

"Do you think about that?"

I thought for a moment.

"I don't even know how to begin to answer that."

"You had my cock in your mouth a few minutes ago, I think you should be able to screw up the courage to tell me."

It took me a full minute to find the right words.

"I like having my ass played with... okay?" I said defensively.

He waited patiently for me to continue.

"My ex-had a vibrator and she... you know... put it up there sometimes when she... you know... went down on me."

He smiled.

"And it made it better, didn't it?"

"I had some of the best orgasms of my life."

"It feels good to admit that to me, doesn't it?"

It was as if a weight had been lifted on my chest, revealing that very personal, intimate knowledge to my best friend.

"It felt amazing."

A full minute went by as we sipped our water and enjoyed a very comfortable silence.

"So, are we going to do this, or what?" he said breaking the reticence.

My jaw dropped open.

"Are you serious?"

"It seems to be the natural progression of this evening's activities."

I sat and looked at him in stunned silence. Sucking him off was one thing, but this... what he was suggesting... this was taking things to a whole other level.

Again, he broke the silence.

"A few minutes ago you were looking at my cock like it was on the menu, surely you must be at least curious about it."

"I've never done anything like that before."

"Neither have I, we'll explore together."

I felt dizzy, almost delirious. I couldn't believe I was actually considering this. Then, I had a moment of clarity and my world felt right. He made me feel safe and I knew we could trust each other with our secrets. I needed to be sure though, and spell it out for him.

"What happens in Vegas better fucking stay in Vegas, you get me?"

"Nothing we do will ever leave this room."

I took a deep, nervous, excited breath and relented.

"Okay, so how do we do this then?"

"Get on your hands and knees, I'll be back in a second."

I acquiesced and watched while he walked across the room and fumbled inside his suitcase for a few seconds. Then, he returned to the bed.

"What did you just get?"

"Astroglide."

"You travel with Astroglide?"

"It's good to be prepared, right? It's also great for jerking off."

I'll have to remember that.

I looked over my shoulder and watched as he squirted a generous amount of the lube onto his fingers.

"Are you ready for this?" He asked.

I took a deep breath.

"I think so, just go slow."

I shivered and tensed up when he touched his lubed fingers to my asshole.

"Relax man," he said in a voice barely above a whisper.

I took another deep breath and attempted to calm myself down.

Gently, he worked his fingertip inside me. I could feel him move it in and out, maybe an inch or so. Then, he began to go a bit deeper and there was a sharp, dull pain. Immediately, I tensed up again.

"Relax, Scott... you're doing great." He said encouragingly.

I took another deep breath and summoned my body to loosen up the best I could.

Abruptly, his finger sunk into me deeper and there was an intense pleasure emanating from somewhere deep inside my body. I let out a low moan and my cock stiffened to full hardness.

He was working his finger in and out of me easily at this point and it felt incredible.

"Okay... let's try another." He said softly.

He extracted his finger from inside me and squirted another large dollop of Astroglide onto two of his digits, as well as spattered a generous amount on my asshole. Slowly, he pushed his fingers inside me which produced an instant and sharp pain when it passed through my tight sphincter. I let out a deep, guttural moan.

"Go easy, man..." I said between gentle gasps.

He slowed to a snail's pace while gently working his fingers in and out of me. The pain quickly gave way and deep, intense pleasure took its place. Before I knew it, I was almost subconsciously moving my pelvis back to meet the onslaught. This felt so unthinkable, so forbidden, so taboo... I had to admit though, it also felt incredible.

Abruptly, he stopped and withdrew his fingers from me.

"Okay, I think we're ready."

I took another deep breath and tried to relax.

"If this gets to be too much, just tell me and I'll stop... okay?"

"Okay," I said demurely.

He took his erect cock in his hand and squirted a generous amount of Astroglide on the head and rubbed it into the taught flesh until his penis was glistening. He then placed the tip on my aperture and gently pushed forward.

Instantly, a sharp, stinging pain coursed through my body and I tensed up.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm alright... just keep going slow."

I felt him push forward just a bit more and there was a dull, burning ache that originated from the pit of my stomach. I could hear myself begin to hyperventilate in an attempt to find a way through the pain. I buried my head in the pillow and gripped the sheets tightly. It was as if I could feel every millimeter of his slow, steady progress while he opened and simultaneously filled me. It was becoming very obvious that my best friend was much bigger than my ex-girlfriends vibrator.
