 I think I was getting a little too complacent.

I was so lucky my first few times cruising, that I took it for granted. I went back to the park near my house after work. There were about 8 cars parked. Only 3 had someone in them. So I figured there was at least 5 guys already in the woods cruising. I parked and headed in. 

After walking around a few minutes, I passed a guy. He looked like he was still looking, and started rubbing his crotch, showing that he was interested. He wasn't bad, but I had just gotten there, and was really interested in seeing if I could "accidentally" run into to some hot action already going on. So I just nodded and kept walking.

Boy oh boy, did I get what I wanted, and more.

I spotted a bear of a man with his shirt pulled over his head, and his pants around his ankles. From the side I could see that he had a beard and a nice hairy body. He appeared to be around my age, early 40's. Between his legs was an older man (maybe 50) deep throating his cock. I watched for a couple minutes. I was getting hard so I unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out. As I was stroking, I decided to start slowly walking towards them, in hopes that they would invite me to join, or at least let me keep watching. That's when I must have stepped on a twig or something. The older guy must not have heard it over the slurping of his blow job, but the big bear of a man sure did. He looked over at me, and that's when I realized.

It was Jeff. My brother in law (married to my wife's sister).

I freaked out, turned, and started heading to my truck. Luckily, I was able to put my cock back in my pants while basically running, without incident. 

When I got in my truck, I started it up and took off. I didn't know what I was gonna do. Did Jeff get a good look at me? Would he say something? Did his wife know about his "other" side?

I was still so confused and scared when I arrived home a few minutes later. I walked into the house, and my wife was in the kitchen. I went over and gave her a kiss while she was washing some vegetables, getting ready for dinner.

"Your home early?" She said. 

"Yeah, traffic was really light." I replied. Not even thinking that I had been coming home a little later lately due to my new found hobby. 

I told her that I was going to go take a shower.

"Don't take too long. Jeff is supposed to stop by any minute." She yelled out to me as I was walking away.

"What? What is....why is Jeff coming over?" I said, making sure not to turn around where she could have seen how pale I must have just turned.

"I'm giving some of my old maternity clothes to Sara (her sister). They just found out that they are expecting again."

Relieved, I turned to her, and while trying to fake a chuckle said, "Trying to start a football team, huh? They already had 4 kids ranging from 4 to 16. 

"She told me this was it. She's gonna get her tubes tied after this one is born." My wife explained. 

"Okay. I will be quick." I said.

While in the shower, I kept thinking about all the what if's. Would he say something to my wife? Would he say something to me? Did he actually know it was me?

When I was done showering, I threw on a pair of athletic shorts and a T-shirt. I went back into the kitchen and grabbed a beer from the fridge, and told my wife that I would be out in my man cave watching tv. My man cave is a small building detached from my house, where I can go, and my wife and kids leave me alone. If anyone needs me, they usually just call my cell phone.

When I got to my man cave, I plopped down on the couch, and turned on the tv. I wasn't really watching it. I was to preoccupied thinking about my predicament.

About 10 minutes later, I heard a tapping on the door, and it opened.

Jeff walked in with a beer in his hand. 

"How's it going?" He said.

"Fine. Good. Just watching tv." I said, and was just now noticing that the tv was on an infomercial about quilting.

"Looks like a good show." He said, trying not to laugh. "Your better half invited us to have dinner, since the older kids are at friends houses tonight."

It was Friday, and if the kids weren't at friends houses, their friends were staying here.

"I hope you don't mind, I grabbed a beer on my way out here." He said, and sat down on the other side of the couch.

I turned the tv station to a sports channel, and we started watching a football preview show of this weekends games. Neither one of us talked for a good 5 minutes.

"So? Are we gonna just ignore earlier?" He said, out of nowhere.

"What are you talking about?" I replied.

"I need to know that your not gonna tell my wife, or your wife." He said. "The last thing I need to worry about right now is a divorce. Especially with another kid on the way."

Whew! I was still nervous, but now at least I know he won't be blabbing.

"Your secret is safe with me." I said.

"So. Since you had you junk out, stroking, I'm guessing that wasn't your first one out there?" He questioned.

I turned 3 shades of red. "No. I've been there before." I answered. "Have you been there before?"

He smiled and said, "Yes. A few times. Sometimes I go to other parks closer to our house."

I asked more questions. "Have you been doing that for a while? Are you gay? How..." 

Then he interrupted me and said, "Whoa, whoa, whoa. I will answer your questions, but I have a few of my own. I answered your first question, now it's my turn. How long have you been going out there?"

I answered him, and then asked him a question. We went back and forth each asking a question for about 45 minutes. I ended up telling him everything. And I found out that he had been cruising parks for about 8 years. He told me that he realized he was bi-sexual when he was a teenager. He is actually in the same cruising site that I am on.

My cell phone went off.

"Hello? Oh, okay. We will be right in." It was my wife, and she was calling for us to come in and eat.

Surprisingly, I was so much more at ease by this point. Jeff and I went in and ate dinner with our wives and kids, and it just felt normal. Like what we talked about was a separate life, or a movie we had been watching.

"Why don't you guys stay the night?" My wife said to her sister. "It's Friday, and none of us have to work in the morning. That way we can catch up while the menfolk watch sports in the man cave (rolling her eyes and doing air quotes to mock me playfully). We can talk about baby names."

"Is that ok honey?" Sara asked Jeff.

"That's ok with me, but I think we need to make a beer run first." Jeff replied.

So the girls asked if we could get them some snacks when we ran to the store.

We? I guess I was going with Jeff. When we got to his Jeep, I realized that I should have recognized it when I drove up to the park earlier. I was so stupid, and forgot to check around like I usually did.

"Where are you going?" I asked Jeff, surprised. "You missed the turn!"

"No. No I didn't. We're going to, uh, going to make another stop first." He said.

I then realized that we were headed to the park. I freaked out and said, "It's after dark. We can't go back there now."

"The park is open until 11, but you can go at anytime of the night if your fishing or launching your boat." He said. " I got two poles in the back we can carry, in case anyone asks us why were there. They don't need to know I'm there to get my other pole worked on."

When we got to the park, I was surprised to see quite a few vehicles there. A few trucks with trailers on them. They must be out on their boats fishing. 

We got out of Jeff's Jeep, and he grabbed the fishing poles out of the back. We then headed into the woods near the boat launch area. 

"There is a lot more action here at night, than there is in the afternoon. You can see when cars drive up, and cops will use flashlights when they enter the woods, so you have time to make it look like your just fishing, way before that walk up on you." He explained.

We came across a group of four guys. 

"Is that you Jay?" Said one of them.

Jeff leaned towards me and whispered, "I never give 'em my name, just a nickname."

"Yeah, it's me, and I brought my buddy." Jeff told the guy.

"Hi there Buddy. My name is Bruce!" The guy said.

I guess my name is Buddy then. So I reached out and shook Bruce's hand. 

"This is Ryan, Joe, and Frank." Bruce said, while motioning towards the other guys.

I heard a "Hi there.", a "Hello." , and a "Hey." I couldn't see which guy was which, but I doubted it mattered. 

As my eyes adjusted to the lack of light, I could tell Bruce was about 50, and the other 3 guys looked to be around 35 or so. All of them were attractive, but I definitely thought Jeff and I were the best looking two of the bunch. 

I looked over to where Jeff and Bruce were standing, and was surprised to see Bruce on his knees blowing Jeff. I looked back at the other 3, and one of them was riding the cock of another. The last guy stood up and walked over to me and stood at my side as we watched the others going at it. 

"I just got here right before you two. I guess we need to catch up?" I later found that this was Ryan.

With that, Ryan dropped to his knees, and pulled my shorts down.

"Free ballin? Nice!" Ryan said, as he leaned in and took me into his mouth.

I was already semi hard due to seein the other guys getting it on, but within seconds I was hard as a rock. This guy really knew what he was doing. 

After a few minutes, everyone started switching up. Frank had gotten out of Joe's lap, and was leaned over forward against a tree getting fucked by Jeff. Joe was now sucking on Ryan, and Bruce had dropped his pants and presented me his ass. I stuck my cock into him, and slowly started fucking him.

"Give it to me hard." Bruce told me.

So I started hammering into him like I was trying to drive a railroad pin. I don't really know what the other guys were doing at this point, but I recall that there was some more movement and switching up of the other guys while I was pounding Bruce. After a while I looked around and everyone else wa gone or leaving. All except for Bruce, Jeff, and myself. Jeff was now standing in front of Bruce with his shirt over his head like earlier today. Bruce was sucking on Jeff's nipples and running his hands all over him. I started to feel Bruce's asshole tighten up. I knew he was cumming, hands free at that. When he did, it set me off, and I blew my load into him.

After I started gathering my wits, I seen that Bruce and Jeff were getting all of their clothes back on and were saying their good byes. I got dressed, and follow Jeff back to his Jeep, picking his fishing poles back up as we left.

When we got back in his Jeep, Jeff said, "So? How was that?"

"Amazing!" I said exhaling like I had just run a marathon.

We didn't talk the rest of the way to the store. Hardly anyone was there, so we were in and out in minutes.

When we got home, the wives were on the living room couch watching a movie. We handed them their snacks when my wife said, "We are probably going to watch the sequel to this movie as soon as this one ends. Is it all right if Sara stays in our room with me, kind of like a slumber party? The kids are all asleep, and I figured the two of you would be up late talking sports or cars or something. Jeff can stay in your man cave with you, or if he gets tired he can sleep in one of the empty kids beds."

"Sure. If it's ok with Jeff?" I said.

Jeff replied, " Fine by me, but I ain't sleeping on a twin bed with star wars bed sheets."

"Well, the couch in the man cave is a fold out, so both of you could stay out there." My wife said.

With that, we took our beer, and headed to my man cave. 

Jeff popped the beer into the mini fridge. 

"Why didn't you tell me you already had beer in here?" Jeff asked.

"Didn't think about it. Plus, I don't want you drinking all my beer." I said laughing. 

There was a bathroom out there as well. With a stand up shower. Jeff asked if it was alright for him to shower off, and I said it was ok. I told him I would run and get him a pair of shorts and a T-shirt to sleep in, and headed back into the house.

When I got back, he was already in the shower. He left the door wide open, and I could see him standing under the water naked. I just stood there watching him. I still hadn't seen his penis, and was curious. My shorts started tenting. I was rock hard again. He was magnificent. I started thinking back to seeing him earlier today, and about how attracted I was to him, before I realized it was him. Then he turned around. He leaned his head back into the water, and was rinsing his hair. I couldn't tell if he seen me standing outside the bathroom door or not. That's when I looked down at his cock. Oh my. It had to be at least 5 inches long and thick. And he wasn't even hard in the slightest. I got nervous, so I went over and sat on the couch. Flipping the tv stations, just to make it look like everything was normal. The water turned off, and I could hear him shuffling around as he dried off. 

"I laid you some clothes by the door." I yelled to him. 

After a couple minutes, Jeff came around and sat on the couch. I looked over at him. He was still naked. I didn't say anything, but he must have realized I had seen him.

"I didn't figure you would have a problem." He said smiling at me.

"No. No. Make yourself comfortable." I said.

He then started asking me questions about meeting up with the guys earlier, and if I was ok with it all.

"Yes. Sure. It was hot." I told him.

He then got up, and walked in front of me. I was nervous. And could definitely see that. He leaned over, put his hands on either side of me and leaned onto the couch where his face was right in front of mine.

"Is this ok?" He said.

Without thinking, I reached up and kissed him. I jumped back when I realized how wrong this was.

"I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry." I said.

"It's fine. I was about to do it anyway." He said. 

"But we are like family. I shouldn't have." I said.

"Look. We are both married to sisters. We aren't blood." He explained. Then he leaned in and kissed me again. Damn he is a good kisser. As we were kissing, he pulled me up so we were now standing face to face, making out. It felt so good to put my hands on him, and run them through his chest hair. He pulled my shirt up and off, then pulled my shorts down and I stepped out of them. 

I told him to hold on for a second. He looked puzzled, but when I started pulling the sofa bed out, he understood and began helping me. It already had sheets on it, so we threw a blanket on as well. I then laid down.

I looked up at Jeff, and he was just standing there.

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Yes. I had thought about you a lot before. I just never thought this could actually happen." He said.

Wow. I can't believe he had a crush on me. I told him how hot he made me, and that I am so glad he caught me at the park earlier. 

He laid next to me, and we started making out again. I had my hands all over his body, and he had his all over mine. I reached down and started stroking his cock. It had grown since I seen him in the shower. It was about the same width, but it was now about 8 or 9 inches long. 

We then began to lick, suck, and kiss all over each other's necks and chest. I used this opportunity to kiss down his chest, to his stomach, and then to his crotch. He smelled so good. I know he showered. He smelled clean, but so musky and manly as well. I couldn't wait, so I put his cock into my mouth and started bobbing up and down. He leaned back, laying flat on his back. He was moaning, so I know I must have been doing something right. While keeping his cock in my mouth, I moved around and laid in between his legs. Every so often I would lick down his shaft and lick his balls. He must have liked this, because he spread his legs more. Eventually while licking his balls, I would go a little further and lick his taint. He would moan louder every time I did this.

"Exactly what all have you done with another man?" He asked me.

Not wanting to let his cock out of my mouth, I just shrugged my shoulders and made a "humpf" sound.

"I was just wondering if you ever? Ah. Never mind." He started to ask me something, but stopped.

I then noticed that while I was concentrating on his cock, he had spread his legs very, very far apart. I think I know what he was going to ask me, but was concerned that I could be wrong. But very quickly said to myself, what the fuck. The worst he could do is tell me to stop.

I placed my hands under the back of his knees and lifted them up a little. I then started licking down his cock. Then his taint. All the way down to his asshole. He really started moaning now. He grabbed his legs and was holding them up more, so I moved my hands to his ass and pulled his butt cheeks apart. His smell was so intoxicating. I made my tongue as rigid as possible and started tongue fucking him. He was moaning, and I was so turned on. I started eating his ass like I was starving. I tried to get up into him as much as possible. I felt like I could have crawled up into him if it was physically possible. I wanted to be as connected to him as I possibly could.

"Do you want to fuck me?" He said. 

"Have you ever been fucked?" I asked.

"A guy tried once, but it was awkward. I haven't tried it since. I don't think I was that good at it, but I really want you inside of me right now." He said.

I said, "I feel the same way. Let me go get some lube out of the bathroom. I have it hidden in there for when I jerk off."

"It's not that well hidden." He said as he handed me the bottle. "I found it when I was looking for a towel earlier."

I just smiled and took the bottle from him. I lined up his hole. Sticking my finger inside him to loosen him up. His hips were bucking up and down on my finger. So I slid another inside of him. He moaned. I then used my other hand, and somehow squeezed some lube onto it without pulling my fingers out of him. I then stuck a third finger in him while I stroked my cock, making sure it was sufficiently lubed up. 

I lined up my cock with his hole. And in one swift motion, pulled my fingers out, and pushed my cock head in. He gasped a little. His sphincter was still open from fingering him, so it was a pretty easy entry. I held it there and let him adjust to the feeling. When he seemed well adjusted to it, I began to slowly push in a little and stop. I did this a few times, until I was completely inside him. 

I slowly pulled out a few inches, and slowly slid all the way back in. As he adjusted to me, I would speed up a little. I never did bang him hard or fast, but I had a nice smooth rhythm going. I didn't want to fuck him anymore. I wanted to make live to him, and I wanted it to last as long as possible. I think he could sense that, and he leaned forward and kissed me as I was sliding in and out of him. Our tongues moving in and out and around each other's mouths slowly, like we were savoring every moment.

All of a sudden I felt a wetness between us. I looked down to see that he came all over his stomach and chest. I didn't even feel his sphincter clinch me. I leaned back and took in the sight of him laying there covered in his cum. I placed his right ankle on my left shoulder, and he wrapped his left leg around my right hip. With his foot on my ass, he would pull me into him. I began rubbing his stomach and chest. Spreading his seed all over him. I dropped my hand and used his cum as lube to stroke him. I reached my left hand around his leg and was playing with his nipples. This set him off again. He started spurting as I stroked his shaft and pulled it so that he was squirting it onto my stomach and chest. He was cumming so hard that it was actually hitting me on my chin. I leaned in a little and opened my mouth and let a couple spurts spray into my mouth. It tasted so good that it set me off and I started cumming inside of him. He was still cumming so I slowly pulled out of him and took his cock back into my mouth to savor his last couple of shots.
