 Let me start out by saying Skip is not special...he is convinced that he somehow bumbled in to his predicament, but honestly he followed a well designed path that yields the same result every time...a guy naked and on his knees, his dick is hard and drooling, and he is agreeing to everything and anything I tell him to get his mouth on my dick. Nothing about his experience was spontaneous, unintentional, or unique to him from my perspective.

First, about me...I am a regular guy, I am bi, and I do have a huge cock. It is about 10.5" hard; it reaches well past my navel and is so thick I can't get my hand around it, not even close. When I am with women I am a normal, very patient and passionate lover. The patient part is mandatory, with a dick like mine you have to take it real slow and easy. My only quirk when I am with a lady is I will admit I love being in a good position to see their reaction when my huge hose flops out of my pants...whether I am standing or they are kneeling, I like to see their look of awe and raw lust when they see it for the first time. But otherwise, what I want is good, straight, vanilla sex.

With guys it is a completely different story. The only thing that makes me hot, the only way I am interested in pulling it out for another guy, is when I can force him to completely, totally humiliate himself in hopes of sucking me off. Call it primitive and evil, but completely emasculating the other guy, forcing him to admit his inferiority and then pushing the envelope as far as I feel like is what makes me hot.

So back to Skip. Skip was an absolute prime target. His emails were completely transparent; he is a class A1 big dick hound. Every guy on the net exaggerates his dick size, and Skip's claim of six inches had me rounding down to five. When I spun my web, sent him the pictures, I knew by the tone of his emails that the hook was set real good. That's when the game starts, because I know that a guy sitting at a keyboard with a hard on staring at pictures of my cock is pretty helpless. When he admitted his deceit, as I force all of them to do, and conceded he was closer to four inches than six, something in me clicked and I decided to give him the full treatment.

Skip is a good looking guy. Tall, thin and athletic looking, kind of preppy, fortyish. He is looks like a successful guy. When he arrived at my place I had my game face on. Friendly enough in a cold, detached way. I don't want them to be afraid, but I want to keep them off balance and establish right away who is the boss. He arrived at the door having already signed away his orgasm. Unless I am feeling generous, I usually operate by a 7" rule. I tell every guy that he is signed up to suck me off twice, and I don't reciprocate. What I tell them next varies. If a guy is 7 inches or more I tell him he is free to jerk himself off, usually I insist they go to the bathroom to do it. The little dicked guys, guys under 7 inches, I am particularly cruel to...they know up front that the deal is completely one way. They service, they get really hot and desperate to cum, and they leave that way. While they all know that deal coming in the door, every guy thinks I will change my mind and let them jack off in a post orgasmic moment of weakness. So Skip and his 4 inches came in the door having agreed to leave frustrated.

Skip stood awkwardly at the door while I appraised him silently. I let the silence linger uncomfortably; I always catch them sneaking a peak at my crotch. Finally I direct them to strip right there at the door, clothes in a pile on the floor. I always stand and watch, this is the first step in their humiliation. A guy never feels as naked as he does when the other guy is fully dressed. About half of the guys are already semi-erect at this point, they always pretend not to notice. Skip fell in to the other group. As his clothes fell in to a self consciously neat pile it was obvious he wasn't looking forward to baring his dick. He turned his back as his Jockeys slid down, and finally turned to face me but wouldn't make eye contact. 

Skip has a nicely shaped dick. Nicely proportioned, straight, well formed head. However, it is the smallest dick of any guy I have put through this treatment. Completely flaccid, it appears to be about 2 inches. Part of me was fascinated in an anthropological kind of way, but my more primitive self was deeply affected. I almost felt an indignation, a need to truly punish this guy who so ardently pursues well hung guys, knowing full well that what he is offering in return is a very poor trade. Skip needed to learn a lesson. I directed Skip to the playroom to be fluffed.

Every guy spends about 10 minutes in my playroom waiting for me, mostly to reinforce who has the power. All of them are naked, and all of them are told to stand while they are waiting. I have a 60" television in the playroom, and I always have some very hot straight porn playing. Lots of huge cocks and big tits flopping around, and the result is always the same. After a good wait, I always walk in to the playroom fully dressed and find a guy standing awkwardly in the middle of the room now sporting a full erection. If it is humiliating to be naked in front of a fully dressed guy, standing in front of him with your dick hard is borderline painful for most guys. It really reinforces who holds the power in the situation.

Skip was in worse shape than most guys at this point. I walked in to the playroom, and it took all my self control to stifle a laugh. Like most guys, Skip was standing awkwardly in the middle of the room. I had made him wait a little longer than most, and it clearly paid dividends. Skips cock was now stretched to its maximum length and breadth, painfully hard looking and twitching. It pointed well north of horizontal, and had an abundant glistening drop of pre cum. He had a slight flush to his pale skin, and his breathing was noticeably a bit heavy. I flopped on the sofa and asked him if he enjoyed the movie, pretending I hadn't noticed his rigid cock. His voice was hoarse and thick with need. Even fully engorged, his cock is startling for its small size. Eventually my curiosity couldn't be contained, he measures about 4.25 inches. 

It is at this point that, from my perspective, the fun really begins. I am sitting on the sofa wearing a pair of jeans that snugly highlight my thick cock, knowing that guys like Skip have radar lock on my package. I torment them just a little bit by continuing to ignore them in their uncomfortable state as I watch a little of the movie and allow my dick to plump up just a little. Now is when I go for the jugular...now is when I start reaping the benefits of putting a guy like Skip in such a desperate state that we both know he will do anything I demand to earn access to my cock. 

First I need to continue to reinforce how completely one sided this arrangement will be, and my rule that forbids him from touching his own cock is very powerful that way. Every guy reacts the same way as I coolly inform him that if I catch him touching his cock at any time I will shut this whole thing down right away. They all can't help but to glance down helplessly at their painfully rigid dicks, and in the same way an itch you cannot scratch is so maddening, realize a desperate need for even just a couple of strokes to help with their frustration. Skip was no different, but he actually let out a small but quite audible groan as a drip of precum strung downward and mumbled a commitment at my insistence that his dick was off limits.

This is when I diverged from my usual ritual, and decided to try something I had always fantasized about. Skip was clearly so aroused at this point that he could be abused to a degree that I had longed to try, and immediately decided this was that opportunity. I dropped the bomb on Skip...he was on his knees on my hard floor thinking that this submissive position clearly was the path to my dick. How wrong he was...I lectured him for his dishonesty about his size, forcing him to apologize repeatedly and dramatically described how angry I was that he was my only option for a blowjob when there were lots of hung guys out there. He flushed when I informed him he would be sucking me bareback, that his lack of honesty didn't deserve 'condom privileges'. His esteem badly battered, but his erection unrelenting, I went for it. I told Skip he would be signing up to service me not just this evening, but over six sessions, take it or leave it. To ensure his compliance, he was to retrieve my digital camera so we could get some photos of him in his aroused and submissive state. 

Skip clearly looked panicked. While he had resigned himself to pretty much take whatever humiliation he had to endure, handing over such powerful control which would endure beyond being used and abused this one evening frightened him. From his knees, his head only a foot from my denim clad crotch, he sputtered but continued to stare at my bulge. His hardon twitched and bounced helplessly, clearly enslaving his thinking. I slowly unsnapped my jeans and drew my zipper down. Skip's mouth hung open, he was literally panting and unbeknownst to him his hips were humping in a slow rhythm. I pulled up the waistband of my boxer briefs, reached in and hefted my thick cock up from my pant leg and left it lolling sideways covered in cotton. The outline extended to my hip and the girth stretched the briefs obscenely. Skip knew better than to attempt to touch what he so desperately craved, and let out a brief muted wail of frustration. I knew he was broken.

"Skip, the camera...or get dressed and leave." Skip climbed to his feet, it was clear that getting dressed was not an option. As he walked to the far side of the room his tiny cock swayed side to side, in his state I am sure even that swaying created debilitating need for relief. I made no attempt to make this easy for him, it was clear my chuckling was delight with the collapse of his dignity. He walked back, head down and handed the camera to me. I forced him to ask me to take the pictures, then made him retrieve a ruler so we could document his puny cock that now drooled steadily. 

The photos started out pretty straight forward...full frontal, side view with instructions that made it clear that his face was clearly in the picture. We put a ruler on his dick as I began forcing him to admit that a guy with a 6 inch dick would never have to tolerate this kind of degradation. His ass and hanging balls gave us a nice set to start my collection.

Skip did spend much of the evening on his knees on my hard floors. I didn't allow him to retain any dignity as performed for me, pleaded for my cock endlessly, and went through several more rounds of photos that are safely filed on my computer. Ultimately, he did get his reward, and did demonstrate very good oral skills as he brought me to two powerful orgasms. I cruelly held off my second orgasm for a very long time, enjoying his sweat soaked exhaustion, aching jaw and knees as he slobbered over my huge tool. Even in his depleted aching state his own cock never showed any mercy, and he begged pitifully for relief from his tiny erection. The collapse of his self esteem was so complete, his begging for the right to masturbate so humiliating, that I was nearly inspired to demand a third session on his knees...