 Chapter Seven-Atlas and Friends 

He told me to take a couple of days to rest and heal. The next thing we do, will blow your mind.

He approached me after I was done training a couple of days later and asked me how I was. The day after our marathon sex session, I was in pain. My ass was sore and I felt bruised all over. I went to classes and back home straight to bed and slept right through to the next morning. He gave me an aloe Vera cream and I used it for two days. It worked miracles. My ass felt tight and ready to go again. In fact by the afternoon of the second day, I was missing that full feeling in my ass and craving hard sex.

Jim told me that he that he had a solution for my insatiable ass. Follow me slave and see what I have in store for you. He had laid out a different outfit for me this time.

A white thong, short white boy shorts, a black mesh t shirt and a leather baseball hat. There were black boots, a leather collar, a black eye mask and a cock ring to wear too. I put everything on, really excited about the outfit, and loving the full, engorged feeling of my cock imprisoned in a metal cock ring, that fit just right. Enough to let me know it was there but not too tight. It made my cock as hard as a jackhammer. I felt really sexy and slutty and I liked how it felt, especially with the mask on, I felt like I could be anyone I wanted to.

I'm taking you somewhere tonight he said and no-one will know you or recognize you with the mask on so don't worry about being out like this. I've parked out back so we can go right out my shipping doors and no-one will see you. 

Besides you have to do what I tell you don't you slave. Yes master I said. That was how we did it after that second night. He wanted me to call him master and I was his sex slave. Whenever we were together I had to obey anything and everything he asked of me. I liked being out of control. He gave me a trench coat to wear and we left. We drove into the city and parked outside of a club and he led me inside.

It was dark inside with really loud music and lots of private tables around a large dance floor. The floor was full of men dancing, some barely clothed, lots of men dancing and making out. We went to a table he had reserved and there was a large black man sitting there. Chris he said this is Atlas. I found someone who can fill that beautiful hole of yours. Atlas was about 6 feet tall and around 240 pounds of pure muscle. He had a bald head, deep penetrating eyes and an incredible physique. I was really turned on. 

He was shirtless and had a gold chain, thick and tight around his neck that matched two gold hoop earrings. His chest muscles were carved like granite and his shoulders and arms thick and defined. His body glistened and shined like fine Ebony. He smiled and motioned us over. 

He stuck his large hand out and shook mine which just about disappeared inside his hand. His voice was like velvet. 

"Hi Chris, Jim told me about you, but seeing you, you're even more beautiful than what he said."

I smiled shyly and he motioned to me to sit down beside him. 

"Sit here, let's get to know each other."

I sat beside him and glanced down at his powerful thighs, carved and veiny. He was wearing a white thong, that really stood out on his beautiful dark skin. I sat beside him and he put his arm around and pulled me close to him. 

"Let's get Jim on the other side of you and have some fun."

I moved closer and Jim slid in beside me tight to my body and pushing me against Atlas. Our thighs were touching and pressing against each other. I thought I had nice size to my legs but they were dwarfed by Atlas powerful thighs. 

I felt Atlas big hand on my knee and turned to face him as his hand slide slowly up my thigh, he leaned in and kissed me fully, quickly parting my lips with his tongue, Jim's hand went straight to my balls, grabbing them fully and squeezing and rolling them between his fingers, while rubbing the palm of his hand against the underside of my shaft. Atlas grabbed the waistband of my boy shorts and pulled them down and off of me, leaving me sitting in a bar with two men fondling me wearing nothing but a thong, a mesh shirt, black boots and mask and a cock ring, and I loved it. 

Both of them were grabbing my balls and lifting me up with their hands and squeezing at the same time. Jim was twisting my erect nipples through the mesh shirt while Atlas rubbed his big hand on my cock and kissed me like he hadn't kissed anyone before me. It was passionate, throaty and slutty at the same time. He was sucking my tongue and pulling me into his mouth, rimming my teeth with his tongue and kissing me fully on the lips, pressing into me, like he, loved me. It was overwhelming and I leaned in and really gave myself over to him. 

I turned into him and Jim, slid over the thin band of my thong between my ass and stuck in his already lubed up finger deep into my puckered hole. I gasped and pushed back into his hand, while Atlas put his hand on my hip, turned my ass out towards Jim and started humping me, white thong against white thong. He whispered in my ear as he ground hard into me, you're a beautiful man and I want to fuck you and then make love to you. I melted with his voice in my ear and pulled myself into his warm, strong arms. I whispered back, I've never made love, I've only been fucked. 

He eased my head back and stared intently into my eyes, I'm going to make love to you tonight and he smiled at me, through me, to me in a way I'd never seen, till I met you Jay. 

Jim had two fingers in me now and was really pumping my ass hard and treating me like the slut I had been and on the other side Atlas was making love to me. It was like two different types of sex at the same time and it made me deliriously horny. I felt sensual and slutty at the same time. 

Jim looked at Atlas and said, 

"let's take my boy Chris to a room and show him what it means to really get fucked."

Atlas smiled and said, 

"Let's do it"

We got up from the table and I followed Atlas with Jim close behind me. I was getting a lot of looks from the men in the bar and they looked like they wanted to put me down on a bed and fuck the shit out of me. It made me really horny imaging a roomful of men fucking me, one after the other all night. I was out of my mind with lust. 

We went down a hallway into a room with a large, round bed and mirrors on the walls and ceiling. The lights were dimmed and I was ready. Lie down on the bed Chris. I laid down and both he and Atlas laid down on either side of me. Atlas put his hand on my balls and squeezed gently at first then harder and harder till I was fully arching my back and pushing my balls right up into his hand as he kissed me and twisted my nipples through my mesh shirt.

Atlas slid down and kneeled between my legs. He pushed my legs wide with his massive hands like they were twigs, lubed up his fingers and slid my thong to the side, sliding one thick finger up my hole. He twisted and pushed till it was deep inside me. Jim got on top of my face and hung his balls over my tongue. I started licking him and sucking his balls while Atlas worked his way up to two, then three fingers and I began really opening up for him. I wanted his cock inside me. He stood up and slid down his thong and revealed a monster ten inch thick cock. He had average balls, but that cock was like a big python, coiled and ready to strike at my little ass. 

He peeled down my thong and nudged the thick head against my aching nub, pushing and spreading my pink hole open as his thick head moved into my hole. He pushed harder and I could really feel myself stretching to try and take in this giant cock, when he pushed the head in I gasped and cried out loud in pain. It was huge and hurt a lot. I didn't think I could do this. 

I tried to breath and relax my ass for him. He moved back and forth with tiny movements, slowly inching that giant cock in until he could start fucking me. Slowly and surely it went deep inside of me, until I felt his balls and pubes right against my rippling, shaking ass.

He pushed his cock deeper and deeper till I felt like I was going to be split wide open. He grabbed my ankles and stretched my legs wide in a full split, my hole full of Atlas' beautiful cock Jim was poised above my able and willing mouth, sliding his thick cock back and forth slowly into me. I was sucking and licking and panting for air, especially with each magnificent thrust of Atlas' huge black cock deep into my succulent pink hole. 

Atlas massive hands were digging into my hips and clenching me, pulling me deep onto his cock. He was moving slowly and sensually grinding and turning with each powerful thrust that felt like his cock was pushing right up into me. I was writhing and thrashing against his strong thrusts, impaled on his massive cock and Jim wasn't letting up. He was humping my mouth like crazy. I wanted his cum and relief for my mouth to get more air in. 

I was breathless and panting with insane lust filled joy as Atlas filled me like I had never been before. The way he was moving against me was so different than the way Jim fucked me. He was making love to me and I felt warm all over and with each massive thrust, felt closer and closer to him. Jim finally grunted and blasted a big thick load down my throat. He shuddered as I gulped down every drop and licked his shaft and suckled the end of his thick knob. He kept it in my mouth and I liked that feeling of his cock warm in my mouth. 

Suddenly Atlas pulled me hard into him and arched his head far back crying out with the most beautiful sound. It was pure and almost wounded. His head was tilted back and his back arched, his whole body convulsing with the massive load he had blown deep into my ass. He held me tight and lowered his big frame down onto me, his shaft still buried deep in my soft hole. I reached around and held him warmly against me and kissed his ear and neck, whispering thank-you. He looked into my eyes and smiled so softly at me, my heart melted. 

What a beautiful man he was, inside and out. I looked over and Jim was smiling at us with a twisted kind of grin. I had seen that look before, usually when he was whipping me.

"Let's do a spit roast Atlas. This time I think I'll steer from behind now that you have him loosened up. Get on your knees slut, "

He bellowed! Atlas looked a bit concerned at the way Jim was talking.

"You alright man. Maybe he needs a rest."

"Trust me Atlas, he prefers it this way. His hole loves being filled with cock and anything else I can think of."

He reached over to a bag he had with him and pulled out a massive dildo. 

"Allow me to show you"

Atlas just looked at me and I smiled weakly and nodded. I wasn't feeling things the same way as I usually did. I think Atlas saw it in my face. 

"Maybe we let him rest Jim", he said in a way that meant he better listen. 

"Fine, I'll go get us some drinks", and he got up and put on a leather studded thong and a leather hat and boots and left us.

Atlas turned to me and said

"Lay down little prince, I'll take care of you," smiling that golden smile.

I laid down and he laid beside me, pulling me into his arms my head on his powerful chest. 

His musky scent was turning me on and I felt my cock growing harder. 

"Let me ask you Chris, why are you with Jim. I don't think you want this kind of rough sex do you?"

I looked up at him and turned my head down, embarrassed. 

"I like it actually."

"Maybe you can find someone to love you while they do it for you Chris, have you thought of that?"

I shook my head.

"This kind of thing with Jim, will just get weirder and crazier, so I'm telling you, protect yourself and find someone to love you."

"Like you I said shyly."

He smiled and said 

"Yeah but younger!" and laughed out loud.

I laughed too, just as Jim walked in.

He saw us laughing and cuddling and his face turned red with anger.

"Isn't this cute. My slave is falling in love"

"Go easy Jim, " Atlas said.

"I have a special treat for you Chris. You told me you wanted more than one man, so I called some friends. They're here and ready for you."

He smiled a wicked grin as two men walked in behind him. One was a short, stocky and massively built guy who looked like he was from the islands, Samoan maybe. The other was white, taller than Jim, with a big beard, dark brown hair and a powerful build. Thick shoulders and strong chest and thick strong legs. They were both shirtless wearing thongs and their bulges were beautiful. I couldn't help but stare and wonder how good it would feel to be fucked by all of them. The Samoan had huge nuts and a thick stubby cock that was poking up almost out of his thong. The white guy's cock was unreal. Perfect, thick and Long with big veins and nice nuts. Sweet, full and round. 

Jim smiled as he saw the look on my face that he knew so well. 

"Take a look at my boy Atlas, he wants this bad, don't you Chris?"

I nodded, out of my head with desire. 

Are you sure Chris, Atlas asked.

I nodded and smiled. 

"I'll make sure you're safe," he said

Jim laughed. "We're just gonna have fun Atlas, relax buddy."

The Samoan beckoned me over and I stood up, cock aching with desire. He motioned me over to him. 

I started walking and Jim barked at me, 

"Crawl slave!"

I got down on my knees and crawled toward him. I stopped in front of his legs that looked like marble and waited head down. 

He grabbed me by the hair and lifted me up so I was kneeling and looking straight at his cock and giant balls. 

"Suck me slave boy."

I opened my mouth and cupped one of his balls through the thong reaching around grabbing his thick juicy ass. He was smooth all over. He pumped into my face and grabbed my hair with both hands grinding into my willing mouth. I heard the other guy come around behind me and got nervous and horny at the same time.

"Chris this is Kulu and Josh. They played ball with me and they are going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before and then Atlas and I and all of us at the same time. You're gonna love it my little slut."

I nodded and sucked harder on Kulu's balls. He ripped his thong off and his thick , fat cock sprang up in front of me. I wrapped my soft lips around the impossibly large head and sucked it gently. I heard him moan as he pushed it into my mouth. It was so thick I had to stretch my mouth to fit it. He pumped in and out, pulling my hair hard with his hands and I opened wide, licking as it slide past my lips. 

I felt Josh's hands caressing my ass. 

"Boy you have the most beautiful ass I've ever seen. I'm gonna enjoy fucking you.