 When we left the club it was morning, early, with the sun just beginning to come up. I could barely walk. Jim and Atlas, helped me to the car. They had fucked me all night. I was almost delirious. We got to Jim's car and Atlas helped me into the back. He laid me down on the back seat, came close to my ear and whispered, 

"Call me Chris. This isn't good for you, what you're doing. You deserve better."

He kissed me softly on the lips and got out.

The next day, I could barely move without feeling the stretched soreness of my ass. I felt ashamed and embarrassed. I had really lost my self in this wave of lust and desire. I decided to try and end the situation with Jim. It could wait, as I needed to rest and not be around any men.

The next day, I had classes and struggled quite a bit. I was still sore. I think my performance that day, made up my mind, that I was done with seeing Jim. I went to the studio after class and decided to stretch and work out a bit, while I waited. I took my time, really working the barre and limbering up my sore muscles. I felt him, before I saw him. His hold on me was very strong. He walked over to me, with that familiar look of lust in his eye. I was shaking under his gaze.

"Hi Chris. How are you feeling?"

"I'm okay Jim. I'm pretty busy, working on my routines for finals. I really have to focus now. Which is something I want to talk to you about."

"Sure, go ahead," he said looking at me with a questioning smirk.

I found it disarming, so I looked down at my feet at first and then, taking a deep breath, looked up and told him I didn't want to do this anymore.

He just stared at me, for a long time and didn't say anything. Finally, 

"That's cool Chris. Anytime you decide you want me to fuck that beautiful ass, just let me know."

"Thanks for understanding. I did enjoy what we did."

"I know you did Chris and I think this is probably hard for you, so let's cut it short. Give me a hug and I'll be on my way."

"Sure I said."

He walked over to me and wrapped those thick arms around my waist, nuzzling his head over my shoulder. He turned his head into my neck and I could feel his warm breath, running over me. I got a hard on and I' m sure he felt it. He pulled me in tight and firmly against that stocky, powerful build. I felt his bulge against mine and some pressure as he wrapped me up tight in his arms. My shallow breathing was a dead giveaway and with my hard cock now bulging out of my tight, I could only think of one thing. Take me and throw me on the ground and make love to me. I pulled back and looking into his eyes, closed mine and parted my lips, arching my swollen cock hard into his bulge. We both moaned and grinding our hips together, we kissed, hot, smoldering tongues sucking and twirling around each other. Our lips mashing together in pure gay rapture. 

"Fuck me right here Jim. Fuck me one last time."

He leaned back and hooked his thumbs into the waistband of my tights and pulled them down over my muscled thighs over my feet and off of me. His face was now right at my crotch level, gazing hungrily into my dance belt. He leaned into me and smelled deeply. 

" I love the smell of you Chris."

He practically ripped my dance belt off and knelt in front of my glistening, erect cock. He licked slowly under my balls, around each one, sucking on them gently, while his hand caressed my ass moving slowly towards my pink hole. He took me deep into his mouth, while his finger slowly curled up into my ass. I bucked forward and came right away, a huge load right into his mouth. He took it all and licked my cock clean, while I shuddered uncontrollably with lust. He spat my cum onto his hand and rubbed it all over his thick, throbbing cock.

"Lie down Chris and grab your ankles. I'm going to give you the best fuck you've ever hard."

I lay down eagerly, grabbing my legs and spreading them wide. 

He slowly rubbed his thick cock against my hole and gently begin nudging it in, till his head popped in with that satisfying fullness. He began pushing back and forth, twisting and turning his hips as he corkscrewed his big thick cock into my willing hole. He grabbed my ankles and stretched me wide as he drove his cock all the way into my hole. He held it there shaking and pushing against me. I was wild with desire and fucked him like a whore. He slammed my ass harder and faster, with his shoulders now behind my legs, my feet almost touching the floor as he mounted me and put all his weight on my legs, his cock pounding me relentlessly. 

He arched his head back and growled as he blasted a huge load into my ass.

We lay beside each other on the floor, drained. 

"Chris, you should find someone to love you. You're a passionate man and a great lover."

"Thanks Jim. I never knew I could let go and enjoy sex so much. It was amazing."

"i'm gonna go Chris. Get to bed. You won't see me much anymore, I'm going to switch my shifts. I can't handle being around you and not fucking you."

"Thanks Jim, you're right, I can't resist you."

He grabbed his pants, put them on and walked out of my life.