 I usually leave the "young stuff" alone. And I don't mean jailbait. I'm no chicken hawk. It's just that I generally prefer guys closer to my age. Call it a comfort thing. But one night I was out of town and cruising Squirt and this 20-something college boy messaged me: "Hey Daddy ...'sup?" I would ordinarily ignore an opening line like this, but I was really horny and hadn't had any luck hooking up. I was about to give up and wank to porn. So I thought what the heck.

"Just hangin'" I responded. "You?"

"I need a daddy."

This is usually another red flag for me. But I was, as I said, horny. So I decided (or rather my dick decided) to see where this would lead.

"That'd be me."

"You host?"

"Yes."

"Free tonight?"

"As a bird."

"Where u at?"

I gave him the name of my hotel and room number. He responded that he'd be at my door in 45 minutes. "Shit," I thought. "What have I gotten myself into now?" There were a LOT of ways this encounter could go south in a hurry. I don't usually play this way, but, when the brain isn't getting the blood, the balls make the rules.

I showered and put on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. I waited, wondering if he'd be on time. Amazingly, he arrived almost to the second when he said he would. The knock on the door summoned me out of an erotic reverie about a video I'd watched earlier in the evening.

I opened it and there he was, all six feet three inches of him -- he was obviously a jock. Light brown hair neatly trimmed, baby face, hazel eyes, and very kissable lips. "Come in," I said. He stepped across the threshold and I closed the door behind him.

"Let me take your coat," I said. He surrendered it to me and I put it in the closet. His arms came around me from behind and he began nuzzling my neck. His hands wandered up and down my chest, grazing my nipples through my shirt and eventually working their way down to the bulge in my running shorts.

"Oh, daddy," he whispered in my ear, "what do you have for me?"

He gripped my cock through my shorts and gently stroked it. I thought I might ejaculate on the spot. I could feel his hardon pressing into my lower back through his jeans. I'm sure I must have been moaning at this point. He continued to kiss and nibble my neck and left ear for a while before I managed to turn into his arms and capture his mouth with mine.

He was an enthusiastic kisser, there was no doubt about that. And he obviously didn't smoke, always a plus. His mouth tasted of Altoids and toothpaste. Mine probably did as well. We were both minty fresh (lol). Ever watch two people in a lip lock try to walk down a short hallway to where a bed is? I'm sure it would be really funny. We weren't thinking of that. I wanted to get this guy on a bed, and more importantly, naked. I wanted to bottom my cock out in his bottom and suck him until he exploded in my throat. I wanted to lick and kiss every inch of his frame and I wanted him to do the same.

We made it to the bed, by which time I'd managed to unbutton his shirt and pull it out of his pants. I started to fumble with his belt buckle and his hands took over. Down came the zipper and I was on my knees in front of him, pulling his jeans and shorts down over his raging erection, past his thighs, and down to his ankles. His shoes got kicked off along with his jeans and shorts. And there he was, naked and beautiful standing before me. I stood. We kissed. He pulled off my t-shirt. He knelt and pulled my shorts down my legs. I stepped out of them. His mouth engulfed my cock with a moan of hunger.

"Damn, daddy," he whispered coming up for air, "feed me that daddy dick."

He gripped my ass in two big hands and swallowed my cock to the root. He held his mouth there, lips pressed into the soft skin at the base of my dick for what seemed like an hour. Obviously it wasn't that long. I took his head in my hands and started pumping my hips giving him what he wanted. It took all the will I could muster not to blow my load down his throat. I'd been edging for some time before our chat, watching Squirt videos of hot guys getting each other off. I had to pull his mouth off my cock and he let it escape with great reluctance.

"Easy there, son," I said, "don't want the party to end prematurely."

He scrambled up onto the bed and I followed. We were soon in each other's arms, kissing again. I love body contact and so did my young friend, whose name I still didn't know (or at that point care about), apparently judging by the noises he was making as we pressed our naked flesh together on the bed. Somehow we worked our way into a 69 and I found myself looking down at the spear sticking up from his crotch just as his mouth engulfed my own organ of delight.

I dove for his dick like a trout on a mayfly. Nothing beats the taste of a hard cock or the manly scent of a nice set of balls. I inhaled deeply as my mouth worked his steaming stalk, and I moaned around his manmeat as he pulled me into his mouth all the way to my balls. I pumped my hips, which he seemed to like and so I fucked his mouth with my cock as I fucked my own with his. 

I felt a wet finger tap my asshole and I pulled my mouth off of his cock long enough to hiss "yes!" before resuming my dick feast. He wormed his finger slowly into my ass and I returned the favor -- we massaged each other's prostates and the precum was flowing from both of our fountains in short order.

I had plateaued and as pleasurable as his mouth and finger were for me I knew I wouldn't cum in this position. For some reason I have never been able to cum during soixante-neuf. That was fine by me. I had some other place in mind for my load. Sensing that he was about to blow a load into my gullet, I pulled my mouth away. He groaned in frustration. Ah, youth -- so impatient.

"Let's fuck," I said. "You want to go first or shall I?"

"Fuck me, Daddy. I want that daddy-dick in my assshole."

I grabbed the lube from the night stand, having taken the precaution of warming it before my young stud showed up, and got on my back. I poured some lube on the head of my cock and began working it with my fist.

"Lube up and ride me, son," I said.

"Yeah!" he cried, taking the lube from me and applying some to his bottom. Then he squatted over my stiffy and worked his way down, positioning it just right and then with an intake of breath and a little push, he had accepted the head of my cock into his rectum. The rest went in smoothly and he moaned the whole way down. I pressed upward from the hips to get that last centimeter of penetration and we were joined.

It didn't take long to get into synch and we were soon fucking in a good rhythm. I love it when a guy rides my dick. His was bouncing up and down in time with his fucking action and I soon captured it with a well lubed fist while my other hand played with his balls. His cock was dribbling a steady stream of cock juice as my own male member prodded his prostate on every stroke. We were both in heaven. I'd like to say that this lasted for quite a while but in truth Cowboy is a stress position and even for a guy in the kind of shape that my young stud was I knew he couldn't keep it up forever.

"Get on your back," I ordered and he was OK with that because without saying anything he popped off my cock and flopped on his back, panting. I pulled his ass to the edge of the bed and grabbed his ankles. I spread his legs and pushed them back until his knees were nearly touching the bed spread. 

"Hold your legs there," I ordered. He complied. I re-lubbed my dick and put it back inside of him. It went in easy and felt like butter. I let him put his ankles on my shoulders and I resumed fisting his cock as I worked mine in and out of his ass. When I get into this position it doesn't take me long to cum.

"You want my cum in your ass, son?"

"Oh, yeah, Daddy, fill my ass with your daddy juice!"

I closed my eyes and started really banging him. I let go of his cock and used both hands to pull him tighter against me on each stroke. The sounds of flesh slapping against flesh filled the room along with the scent of man-sex. He was squeezing me with his rectal muscles and I could feel the cum boiling up out of my balls as I went over the edge.

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKK!" 

I felt like my entire being was being sucked out of my dick and into his belly. I was balls deep in his ass and firing blast after blast of salty semen into his colon. He was milking me with a skill I didn't expect in one so young. Not that I was complaining.

I stroked in and out of him for a while until my erection began to fail and my dick fell out of his now gaping asshole with what should have been a plop. I leaned down and kissed him, gripping his hardon and stroking it.

"You got a load for Daddy," I whispered in his ear?

"Mmmmmm....yes, Daddy."

"You want to dump it in Daddy's mouth or Daddy's ass?"

"Suck me Daddy. I'm so close. I need to cum so bad my balls are gonna blow up."

I chuckled and then moved down to where his ragingly tumescent manhood stood straight out from his belly. Gripping it by the base I took his length into my mouth in one go and began sucking it like my life depended on getting at what was in his balls. I like to use my hand as well as my mouth when I'm blowing a guy, especially if I want him to cum, and I was hungry to taste this young man's sauce. He didn't make me wait long either.

"Oh, fuck! Daddy, I'm gonna shoot it!"

That was all the warning I got before I felt his dick start to jerk in my sucking mouth and he blew a prodigious load down my throat. He tasted great and I savored every drop of his creamy essence, squeezing with my fist to get every drop. He pulled my mouth off of his cock when the sensations got to intense, as they often do, and I slid back up to where I could kiss him some more. His tongue probed my mouth looking for any leftovers and he found a few drops of his cum on my lips. We didn't waste it.

We lay together for a few minutes as our heart rates slowed back to near normal levels and we got our breath back. Gentle touches and more kisses were nice afterplay.

I'd like to say that we made love several more times that night, but he had a test the next day (organic chemistry -- ugh!) and had to leave. I lay on the bed and watched as he got dressed.

"I come here about once a month," I said, hopefully, wanting more of this young Adonis. 

"You know where to find me, Daddy. I'd love to get together again."

I stood, still naked, and kissed him once more before he walked out the door. Then I took a shower and went to bed. I was spent. Spent, but smiling. Oh, yes. Young stuff isn't so bad after all, I thought as my consciousness fled into sleep.