 I have always been conscious about staying fit and healthy. My preferred activity is to go jogging. But during one particularly hot summer, I decided to go and get a gym membership. I figured I could work out in the air conditioning and maybe get some strength training in as well. There was a nice, new and pristine looking gym that had opened up recently near my apartment. In order to join, I had to sign a six month contract which seemed like a pretty big commitment to make but I usually stick with my goals so I relented and signed up.

It was my third time at the gym and I was wrapping up my workout with a vigorous run on a treadmill when I felt someone touch my shoulder. I spun my head around quickly and saw Barry standing behind me. I was not really friends with Barry. I had gone out drinking with friends a few time and ended up running into him. He always came across as rather arrogant to me but he seemed to be a pretty popular guy. He was the type of guy whom all the girls seemed to think was hot and all the guys wanted to hang out with him. "Hey, unh, Barry..." I muttered through deep breaths as I continued to run in place.

"Hey little bro," Barry spoke to me as he watched me workout. "Did you just sign up? I haven't seen you working out here before. I work out here a lot so I know most of the regulars." Barry flexed his muscular arms as he spoke to me.

I did not doubt what Barry was saying. He did look like he was in pretty good shape. He was bigger than me and had muscles that he did not mind showing off. I began to decrease the speed of the treadmill in preparation of stepping off. "Yeah," I began. "I just signed up a week ago. This is my third time working out here." As the treadmill slowed down to a stop, I stepped off of it. "I have been here for about an hour now, this was the last thing for me."

"Oh cool," Barry said enthusiastically. "I just finished too. We should totally go hit the showers together!" Barry stepped in front of a nearby mirror and checked himself out while he flexed his muscles.

"Well, ok," I spoke as I continued to try and catch my breath. I wiped some sweat that was running down my face. I stepped past Barry and began walking towards the gym's locker room. When I arrived in the locker room, the first thing I did was track down the locker I had put my stuff in. After fiddling with the combination lock, I was able to open up the locker and grab a towel I had brought with me. I used it to wipe the sweat off of my face and neck. As I wiped myself off I could hear the shower adjacent to rows of lockers turn on.

"The water feels fantastic," Barry's deep voice thundered out from the shower. "Come on little bro, hurry up and come in here with me." 

"Uhh," I stuttered. "That's ok Barry, you go ahead. I will come shower after you." The thought of showering naked in front of another guy made me feel uncomfortable.

"Come on!" Barry yelled indignantly. "Are you kidding me? Get in here!" 

"No Barry," I replied to his bellowing voice. "Actually, my apartment is not very far away from here. I think I'll just go and shower there. It is easier that..."

"No!" Barry's voice yelled out, cutting me off in midsentence. A few seconds went by with nothing but the sound of the running shower filling the locker room. "Oh I get it," Barry continued, his voice interrupting the near silence. "You must have heard all the rumors. Well, there is no reason for you to be intimidated. Come in here and see for yourself."

"Rumors?" I asked questioningly. I had no idea what Barry was talking about. "I do not know what you are talking about. I haven't heard any rumors. I just would prefer to shower at my place."

"You haven't heard?" Barry's voice rung out through the running water. "The word around town is, I have enormous balls, you know? I am talking about really big testicles. Come on in here and I will show you what I am talking about."

"Oh, ohm... ok," I spoke not knowing what to say without sounding incredibly awkward. "That's... ok, I will take your word for it but really I should..."

"Come on man," Barry whined. "Aren't you curious? Just come over here real fast and take a glance at them. Trust me, you are going to be impressed when you see them."

"No Barry," I said uncomfortably. "Don't you think this is getting kind of gay? I mean, I am straight, I don't want to go over there and stare at your..." I choked up a little bit and continued. "Ugh, big... balls."

"Nonsense!" Barry declared. "You watch pornos, right? Well, sometimes you look at other guys' balls. It is no big deal. I am not asking you to take a look at them because you love balls. I just want you to have an appreciation for how big these are." Barry turned off the water to the shower. "Look, don't worry about getting in here naked, I am gonna walk over to where you are and you can see what I am talking about."

"That's ok!" I yelled quickly. "I really have to go!" I grabbed everything out of my locker as fast as I could and rushed out of the locker room. Not once did I look back. As soon as I got home, I got into the shower. I could not stop thinking about what Barry was talking about. He was right; I was kind of curious. Did he really have such enormous balls or was he just messing with me? At the same time, I totally felt creeped out. Why did he want me to shower him with so bad?

I was a little bit reluctant to go back to the gym because I knew if I ran into Barry again, it would be awkward. However, I had signed a contract and made a commitment to working out there so ultimately I felt like I had to go back. I couldn't let the weird encounter between Barry and I ruin my ability to work out at the gym.

The next time I went to work out, sure enough, I ended up running into Barry while I was doing bicep curls. We ended up making eye contact while I was in the middle of lifting some dumbbells. When I saw him, I immediately thought about how his supposedly large balls. Awkwardly, I spoke out, "Oh, uhhh, hey Barry."

"Hey little bro," Barry said confidently as he took a few steps forward. "Great form on those curls there. Keep working at it and you might actually gain some muscle." Barry chuckled. 

"Ugh, that's about all my arms can take," I explained. I carefully put the free weights back on to the rack. "Now I just got to work out my chest and I am done." I walked over to the bench press and laid my back against the board.

"I will spot you," Barry volunteered. He stood nearby my head and leaned over so he could grip the bar if I needed help. "How come you left so quickly the other day?"

Carefully I brought the barbell close to my chest. I extended my arms and pushed it back outward. "I'm sorry Barry," I explained. "I realized I was running late and I really had to go."

"Oh," Barry said. He leaned in over my head in preparation as I further extended my endurance. "That's too bad. I was about to show you my huge balls. It's ok though, you can check them out in the locker room today."

My arms trembled a bit as I continued to do reps with the barbell. "That's ok, Barry" I said as I tried to concentrate on the lifting. "I don't want to see them, I believe you." I lowered the bar back down to my chest. As I did so, I heard a rustling noise and all of a sudden I felt something heavy drop down on to my forehead. A musky scent entered my nostrils. On the edge of my peripheral vision, I could see some wrinkly flesh sitting on the top of my head. "What the hell!" I exclaimed. 

Barry laughed. "Relax, little bro." he said with a huge grin on his face. "Just giving you a little incentive to do one last rep. They feel pretty heavy, don't they? Hurry up or I will drag these big boys across your face."

"Shit!" I exclaimed. My arms were so weak from my previous reps. I felt completely pinned and helpless. "Don't do it Barry, come on!" I pleaded. I could feel his heavy fleshy orbs jostling around on my forehead. It sent shivers down my spine.

"You have ten seconds before I am rubbing these back and forth across those lips of yours." Barry explained to me. "They are extra sweaty from my work out; keep that in mind." He began counting down from ten.

"Shit, no!" I gasped. With every number counted down, my body shivered. Finally, when I heard him reach three, I felt a sudden burst of adrenaline. My weak arms were filled with strength and I was able to raise the barbell back out and hang it up on the supports. As soon as I had put the bar down, I slid off the table. 

Barry laughed. "Aww, too bad," he said. "Great job on that last rep. Now let's go back to the locker room so you can get a proper view." 

"Dude, stay away from me!" I said angrily. "I am out of here!" I quickly exited out of the gym. I did not even bother to stop and get my things out of the locker. I figured I would return later when Barry wasn't there. I couldn't believe he put his bare ball sack on my forehead.

As soon as I got back to my apartment, I called my friend Nick. Nick was the guy I knew who seemed to know Barry the most. When the phone call had been completed, I spoke, "Hello Nick, it's Kyle. I wanted to ask you about Barry. Is he gay or something?

There was a pause on the other end of the line. Then Nick's voice came through, "Hey Kyle. Barry isn't gay or anything; he is always banging all sorts of chicks. Why are you asking me about this? I sat down in an armchair in my apartment while I held the phone up to my ear. "You have never heard anything weird about him?" I asked.

"Weird?" Nick's voice replied. "What do you mean? Well, everyone knows about his balls, they're enormous. It is definitely weird how big those things are."

"You have seen them?" I asked incredulously.

"Oh yeah, I have seen them a couple of times." Nick explained. "They're very big. If you spend any time with Barry, he will show them off to you."

"Isn't that kind of creepy?" I asked. "That he would want to show off his balls to other men."

"No way," Nick said assuredly. "I am sure if you and I had balls like that; we'd be the same way. Barry shows off because people react positively to it. Girls see those things and they want to sleep with him. Guys see them and they want to hang out with him. It's superficial, sure, but it is just the way it is."

"Ok..." I said. "I have something else to tell you. Please promise not to tell anyone else though. It is embarrassing."

"Ok, I promise," Nick said.

"The other day he was spotting me on the bench press," I started to explain. "And when I was pinned down by the bar, he put... his things, you know..., the big twins... on my forehead. I thought for a second he was going to drag it across my face"

"Oh man," Nick's voice responded through the phone. "You must have felt helpless underneath those things." The sound of a creaky door shutting could be heard through the cell phone. "Well, I am sure he was...unh... playing a joke on you."

"Maybe you're right, Nick." I said questioningly. "I just want him to leave me alone so I can workout in peace. He keeps trying to get me to look at his disgusting balls."

Nick's voice gasped slightly over the phone. "Ohhh, yeah?" Nick asked sounding distracted. "Why don't you, uhh, just let him show you them. Then he will, unh, leave you alone..."

"Are you ok Nick?" I asked. "Are you sure that is a good idea?"

"Oh yeah," Nick responded. "Don't uhh worry, I am just uhm... doing a workout right now, yeah. If I were you, I would just uhh, yeah, look at those big, huge balls. And uhm, call me back! I want to know the details! Anyways, I really gotta go right now, unnh" A click could be heard indicating that Nick had hung up the phone.

"That was odd," I said quietly to myself. The more I thought about it though the more I thought that maybe Nick was right. If I looked at Barry's balls, he would probably leave me alone. Nick had apparently seen them and I had to admit to myself that I was a little curious. It couldn't be any more embarrassing or awkward than Barry putting his balls on my forehead.

The next time I went to the gym, Barry was nowhere to be found. I worked out normally, took a shower by myself, and went home. Two days later I went back to the gym and it looked like I was once again in the clear. That was until I finished my treadmill run. As soon as I had my feet back down on stationary ground, I saw Barry walking towards my direction. I immediately felt butterflies in my stomach. I was hoping he would have forgotten and I wouldn't have to end up going through with this.

"Hey there little bro," Barry said as he walked up towards me. "You looking for someone to spot you on the bench press again? I would be more than willing." Barry grinned at me.

"No, I uhm..." I stuttered as my mind drew a blank as I was reminded of Barry's balls sitting on my forehead. "I was actually about to just shower and get out of here." I immediately regretted mentioning that I had been heading towards the shower.

"Awesome," Barry replied. "I was just heading to the shower as well."

I really did not know what to say at this point. "Uhm, ok..." I muttered. I walked over to the locker room with Barry. The whole time I fought the urge to make some sort of excuse to leave. When we arrived in the locker room, I opened my locker and grabbed my towel. I began wiping off the mixture of hot, workout sweat, and cold, nervous sweat that had accumulated around my face. 

Barry yelled from the other side of the locker room, "You go ahead and shower first this time. I will meet you in there."

This was it. I could either split at this point or go into the shower and potentially see Barry's balls. I took a deep breath and walked towards the shower. It was quiet in the locker room and every step I took seemed to echo against the concrete walls that surrounded me. I finally arrived at the shower. It was a medium sized room with tiled floor. The shower room was almost entirely enclosed with just a single exit and entrance. If I started showering, there would be no way for me to leave without getting an eyeful of Barry's balls.

I nervously disrobed my clothing. I grabbed a hold of the bottom of my tanktop and pulled it up and over my head. With a single tug, I dropped my shorts and boxers at the same time. Now naked, I walked over to the showerhead and turned on the faucet. My heart was beating and my pulse was racing as the water poured over me. When I heard the sound of someone entering the shower behind me, I could feel the hairs on the back of my neck stand straight up.

"Finally," Barry's voice bellowed from behind me. "It is about time you took a look at these. Come on, turn around. There is no reason to be scared. You aren't getting out of these showers without seeing them."

Nervously, I slowly turned around. My eyes remained level, focusing on Barry's face. He had a proud smirk on his face. I lowered my gaze, looking next at his well-defined chest. I swallowed hard as my focus lowered further. I was now looking at Barry's shaft. It was impressively large, even in the current flaccid state. When I looked even lower, I found myself gasping. I knew they would be big, and they most certainly were, but I was shocked at how perfect they were. They had a bulky quality to them; very masculine and I hated to admit it, downright sexy. They were big balls worthy of a world class porn star. "My god..." I uttered.

Barry took a step closer to me. The smirk on his face widened into a beaming grin. "Oh yeahh," Barry's voice spoke boomingly, boosted by the shower setting around us. "You're not dreaming," Barry said letting his voice linger before continuing. "These are for real." Barry rocked his hips. This caused his big, wrinkly nuts to shake back and forth in front of me. "Impressive, aren't they?"

As Barry's balls shook, my eyes followed them as if they were a swinging pendulum being used to hypnotize me. Seeing them in motion really showed off their power and weightiness. My eyes were completely glued on to Barry's balls. "Yeah..." I said attentively. My focus was firmly affixed on the swinging sack that was in front of me. "They're.... nice."

"What do you like the most about them?" Barry asked. He took another step closer to me as he continued to bob his bulky balls back and forth in front me.

"Everything," I said immediately, without giving myself time to think first. As soon as I said it, I felt embarrassed. I couldn't understand why I was acting so enamored with another man's wrinkly balls. Without realizing it, I was blushing bright red. "I mean, I like them as much as any balls..."I said trying to save face.

"Oh yeah?" Barry asked, his voice filled with skepticism. "I think you like mine a little bit more than most." Barry reached down and gripped the back of his balls with his right hand and gave it a firm squeeze. "Ever since you laid eyes on these bad boys, you've been sporting a huge boner..."

I quickly looked down and sure enough, my cock was standing straight up. It looked hard enough to crack concrete with. "Ohh shit," I said timidly. I tried to cover it from view as best as I could with my hands. I couldn't understand why I got so hard looking at Barry's balls. "Uhm... it is hard because... the water."

Barry laughed and then shook his head. "I don't think that is how dicks work little bro," Barry said confidently. "Why don't you just admit it? You love these balls." Barry let go of his ball sack and resumed shaking them in front of me. "Go ahead and beat your dick to them. It's ok. You wouldn't be the first guy to jerk it to my big balls."

Part of me, and I am pretty sure you can tell which part, wanted badly to just grab my dick and go to town on it. I felt capable of having one of the biggest orgasms of my life at that moment. However, the reasoning part of me told me to get out of there. If I beat off to Barry's balls, there would be nothing to stop him from using that huge sagging bag of his to manipulate me further.

"Ok," I said quickly. "I looked at them. We are done here. I am going home." I walked past Barry and through the entrance/exit to the shower. Part of me wanted to look back for one last eyeful of Barry's balls but I was able to resist the temptation. I dried myself off with a towel very quickly and haphazardly. I threw on the clothes and left the gym. 

On the way home, I felt the phone vibrate in my pants pocket. The feeling was particularly startling because I still had a massive erection. I looked at the phone and when I saw that the message was from Barry, I put the phone back in my pocket. "Fuck that," I muttered to myself. As I continued home, I began thinking maybe he had sent me an apology. I eventually decided to check the message. When I clicked on the message icon on the phone, a picture of Barry's distinct, heavy balls popped up on my screen. There was a text message underneath that suggested I have fun jerking off to the photo. "What an asshole," I said to myself. I kept looking at the picture as I made my way home.

When I finally arrived, I immediately called my friend Nick. 

"Hello?" Nick's voice sounded over my phone.

"Nick, its Kyle." I spoke with an urgent tone of voice. "I have to talk to you about Barry. He showed me...erm... he showed me the twins."

"Oh shittt," Nick said excitedly through the phone. "Hold on Kyle, let me close the door." I could hear a creaking sound like a door closing. I than heard the click of a lock. There were some rustling sounds and then I heard a noise that sounded like a zipper. "Ok," Nick's voice sounded back through the speaker on my phone. "Give me the details."

"We were at the gym," I explained. "I decided I would take the shower with him. I was following your advice. He came in and... oh my god... they were so big. He just started swinging them in front of me."

"Jesus!" Nick replied through the phone. "What did you do?"
