 I needed a clean start, I decided.

I was still young, only 25 years old. I was working a dead end programming job and my boyfriend of two years had just dumped me. A clean start was exactly what I needed.

It was early January. Chris and I had just got back from seeing my Mom at Christmas and then spending the week up until New Year's on vacation in Orlando. Neither Chris nor I had been to Disney, so that's what we decided to do. I had a blast at Disney and Universal and I thought Chris did, too. I was blissfully happy in my own little world, completely unaware that Chris did not feel the same.

"Pete, we need to talk," he had said.

"It's not you, it's me," he said as he proceeded to tell me that he was bored. He needed excitement. He insisted that there wasn't anyone else, but I knew him well enough to know that he wasn't being totally truthful.

I was devastated. I sobbed. I begged. None of it made a difference. Chris packed up and left. After he left, I had a very tough week.

I had met Chris online and moved to Ann Arbor to be with him. I was extremely shy and quiet, but we hit it off right away. I didn't have any other friends here. Why should I try to meet new people? Chris was the only friend I'd ever need. And now he was gone.

I was very inexperienced as far as dating and sex. I had only been with one person before Chris. It was the summer after my first year in college; I went to a party with my older brother Paul. One of his high school football buddies took me under his wing after Paul ditched me to go off with a girl. After drinking my first ever beer, I was feeling pretty happy. I walked out back with Jack and we headed out into the woods. I followed him like a puppy. When we were out of sight of the house, he stopped and leaned back against a tree.

"Are you a fag?" Jack asked. "Paul thinks you are."

"Uh, n-n-no. I like girls," I lied.

Jack groped his crotch. "So, you don't want this then?"

I couldn't help it. I knew I should run or tell him 'no', but I didn't. I just stared as Jack kneaded the growing bulge in his crotch.

"Yeah," he smirked. "I thought so."

Jack put his meaty hands on my shoulders and pushed me down onto my knees. He pulled down his basketball shorts and boxers enough so that his semi-erect dick flopped out in front of my face. The back of his hand pulled me towards it.

"Suck it," he commanded. And I did. It was my first time with another person. I took Jack's fat 6" dick and made him come with my mouth and hand and I swallowed just like he told me to.

I didn't have the courage to do it again until Chris. Chris was my first real date and then my first relationship. I was so attracted to Chris and fell in love with him right away. He was everything I liked in a guy... and everything that I wasn't.

Chris was 3 years older than me. He was over 6' tall, muscular, tan, with black hair and big brown eyes, a smattering of hair on his chest that trailed down to his pubes. Chris had a very manly, masculine face.

I was only 5'6", skinny, with smooth pale skin, red hair and green eyes. I was completely hairless except for the tufts of red hair under my arms and just above my penis. I still had a boyish face. I started wearing contact lenses in college so that I didn't have to deal with glasses. Most people described me as cute, which wasn't something I was crazy about. I wanted to be handsome, not cute.

So I was now alone. My job sucked. When my best friend Trevor called for our weekly phone call, I told him everything that happened. He said since I didn't have any ties in Ann Arbor, why not move? Trevor and Annie were my best friends in college. After graduating, they moved to Atlanta where Trevor got a job. He and Annie got married soon after. They both loved it there. The weather was great, there was lots of stuff to do, lots of jobs, lots of guys. It didn't take much to sell me.

A clean start. I put in my notice and hired a couple of guys to help me load a uhaul truck and within a month, I was moving to Atlanta. Trevor and Annie had a house outside of Atlanta, in Snellville. I put most of my things into a storage facility and moved into a spare room in Trevor and Annie's house.

When I got there, they told me they just found out Annie was pregnant. They told me that I could stay as long as I needed to. The spare room was going to be the nursery, but they'd work something out for me. I knew I had to find a place right away. They were going to be busy with the baby and they didn't need to worry about me.

***

I started to look for an apartment and a job right away. I went on several interviews and was called back for second with a company in Duluth. I was offered the job. The salary was $15,000 more than I made at my last job and the benefits were so much better. I couldn't believe my luck. I had two weeks before I started. I took that time to find an apartment. I found something nice and in my budget in Duluth, not terribly far from work.

My one bedroom apartment was on the terrace level, which was ground level from the back of the building, but one flight down from the front. There was only one other apartment on my level, across the hall from me.

I met my neighbor a couple of days after I moved in. I walked out of my apartment to do some grocery shopping. I opened the door and saw him standing at his door unlocking it. He wearing dark blue hospital scrubs. His dark blue pants were snug and he had a nice muscular bubble butt. His broad back and big arms stretched the fabric of his short sleeved shirt. He had a bald head. He turned around when he heard my door shut.

He froze for a second, staring into my eyes before breaking out in a wide smile.

"Hey, neighbor," he said. He had a deep voice with a southern Georgia accent.

"Hi."

He looked me up and down. "Toby Marks," he said, holding out his hand. I shook it.

"Pete McAlister."

Toby was breathtakingly handsome. He had bright blue eyes and a dark blond moustache and goatee. His head was completely shaved, smooth and shiny. What I could see of his left arm was covered in a tribal tattoo design from his wrist all the way up. I could see the top spires of the tattoo peeking up from his shirt collar onto his neck. He looked to be in his mid to late 20's, around my age. He was tall, at least 6'3" and 240 pounds of muscle. He was unbelievably sexy in his scrubs.

"Good to meet you, Petey," he said. "If there's anything you need, you know where to find me." He clapped my shoulder and walked into his apartment.

I let out a deep breath and continued on my way. There was a huge red Ford pickup truck parked next to my Jeep. It must be Toby's. A big manly truck for a big manly guy. Nice.

***

I started my new job that next Monday. My boss was Andrea Ballard, the director of app development. She set me up with a cubicle and got me the documentation to log into my computer, email, voice mail. She then got me started in an online training course they developed for the web app that I would be working on. I had a meeting at 10:00 to go over business requirements for the upcoming release of the app.

Andrea and I went to the conference room just before 10:00. A big, stocky guy was already sitting in the conference room with a laptop and several stacks of paper. He was definitely what you'd call a bear. He had black hair that was dusted with premature gray. He had a thick but closely shaved beard that was also dusted with gray hairs. When we walked into the room, I could see how handsome he was when he looked up and smiled. He had dark eyes, almost black in color. I noticed he had a gold wedding band on his left ring finger.

His name was Mike Sheppard and he was the director of the business analysts group. I would be working directly with him on this project since all of the business analysts were busy on other projects. Mike took charge immediately and went over the business requirements and changes needed for the upcoming release for next two hours.

Andrea had excused herself after receiving a phone call halfway through the meeting. Mike and I carried on without her. I asked questions when appropriate and took notes. It was hard to concentrate because Mike made me really nervous. When we talked, he stared directly into my eyes and it was very unnerving. He made a point to call me 'Peter' even after I mentioned that he could call me 'Pete'.

When the meeting was over at noon, Mike called Andrea to meet us, but she was needed to oversee a problem with one of the other systems, so Mike took me to lunch to celebrate my first day. We went to a Thai restaurant and we both had pad Thai. I relaxed a little bit around him as we chatted during lunch. He was 32 years old, had a wife and two young kids, a boy and girl.

On the way back from the restaurant, we climbed into his Cadillac Escalade SUV. He put his right hand on the head rest of my seat as he drove. Twice during the drive, I could have sworn he touched my hair with his fingers.

Once I got back to the office, I opened up the project in Visual Studio and started learning the system and figuring out how it all fit together and what I'd need to do to make the updates we had discussed.

Over the next week, I made good progress and Andrea and Mike both told me more than once that I was doing a great job. When Mike asked me if I'd work on Saturday to help get caught up a little bit, I didn't hesitate. I wanted to impress them. Mike told me to be there at 9:00 on Saturday and to dress casually.

***

I showed up just before 9:00 dressed in jeans and a Polo shirt. I swiped my ID badge to enter the building. I noticed that Mike's office door was closed, so I walked right to my cubicle and got to work. It was very quiet since I was the only one there and it made it really easy to concentrate on what I was doing.

"Peter."

I jumped at his voice. Mike walked into my cube and leaned against the desk. He was wearing a UGA sweatshirt, snug blue jeans and an old pair of work boots.

"Oh, hi, Mike."

Mike leaned over my chair and looked at my screen. He was so close, I could feel the warmth of his body. And God, he smelled good. He patted my back and let his hand linger as he told me he'd let me get back to work. When he left, I reached down to my crotch and adjusted my stiff dick.

Mike returned a few hours later at lunch time. He walked into my cubicle and stood behind me and began massaging my shoulders. I instantly tensed up at his touch, but then it felt so good, I leaned back and closed my eyes.

"Peter, I'm ordering lunch," he said quietly. "Are subs okay?"

"Yeah, that sounds good," I quietly replied, practically moaning from his touch.

He continued massaging me a few minutes longer, then bent down and said quietly, "What do you want?"

"Oh... Turkey on wheat, please."

Mike gave my shoulders one last squeeze and then patted my shoulders and left. We ate lunch together in the conference room. He asked me a lot of questions about my personal life and my family.

After lunch, I did a deployment to the test server for Mike to start testing the changes I'd completed so far. A couple hours later, Mike came back to my desk and said to call it a day. As we walked out, he put his arm around me and told me how great I was doing. As he removed his hand, he 'accidentally' brushed it against my butt and said "See you Monday, Peter."

Mike was so obviously hitting on me. I may be inexperienced, but I wasn't that naive. He was married. Why was he hitting on me? It made me uncomfortable, but if I was honest with myself, I didn't do anything to let him know his advances were unwelcome. I was so lonely... and maybe just a little bit horny.

***

Sunday night, I ran into Toby outside our apartments as I was heading out to grab something for dinner. He looked like he was coming back from the gym. When Chris and I dated, I started going to the gym with him. I only did the treadmill for 45 minutes while he did strength, but it kept me in shape.

"Just get done working out?" I asked him the obvious question.

"Yeah. I go to a small gym about 5 miles up the road. You work out any?"

"Before I moved down here, I used to use the treadmill three days a week while my-- a friend of mine worked out."

"It's a good deal there. Be careful if you join. There's a couple guys who think it's a pickup joint. It's usually pretty empty this time of the night, right before they close."

"Okay, thanks."

"Catch ya later, Petey."

He called me 'Petey' again. I just hate that. I opened my mouth to say something, but shrugged it off.

I joined the gym the next evening after work. I was in the locker room changing into my shorts when I saw Toby come out of the shower with a towel wrapped around his waist. His body was amazing. His chest muscles were big and his stomach was flat and hard. He had dark blond hair covering his upper chest, making a trail down to his stomach. The hair flared out around his belly and then disappeared in a trail beneath the towel. He had a large ornate cross tattoo on his right arm. It was very artistic and beautiful and strongly contrasted against the tribal tattoo that covered his left arm from his wrist onto his shoulder and neck.

"Hey, Petey," he said with a grin.

"Hi, Toby," I blushed and then looked away. Toby opened a locker a few down from me and pulled his towel off. I hurried and pulled my t-shirt on and when he wasn't looking, I quickly glanced at his body. It was perfect. His penis was uncut and hung about 5 inches soft and fat over a large set of balls. I felt myself starting to harden and I hurried out of the locker room and got on one of the treadmills.

"Hey, you ran off." Toby walked up and stood on the empty treadmill next to me. "You only do the treadmill?"

"Uh, yeah..."

"If you want to add strength training, I can help you with that. Do maybe 20 minutes of cardio and 20 minutes of strength and it'll help give you some definition up top. You've got a nice, trim body. I don't want to bulk you up like me or anything, but a little muscle wouldn't hurt you, though."

"Um... well... maybe..."

"Think about it. I'll see ya 'round, Petey."

Toby smacked my butt as he walked past and I nearly tripped over my feet. I blushed and I had to close my eyes and concentrate on not getting a hard on.

***

On Wednesday, Mike asked me to work on Saturday again, and I agreed.

Mike arrived around 9:30 and pulled up a chair in my cube. I turned around in my chair and we talked for a little while. We were in close proximity to each other and Mike bumped me a couple of times with his leg.

Mike ordered Chinese food for lunch and I went simple and just got chicken fried rice. After lunch, I went back to my desk. I hadn't been working long before Mike called me and asked me to come to his office. As I walked in, he shut the door behind me.

Mike put his arm around my shoulders. "Peter, you're doing a really great job and I really appreciate it. It's nice to get someone in there that can get up and running so quickly. I'm pleasantly surprised to find how fast you work, and with such great quality."

"Thanks, Mike. That really means a lot to me." 

I was so nervous my heart was beating a mile a minute. Mike's arm around me and his close proximity to me had me hard in my jeans. I moved my hands in front of my crotch to try to hide it. 

"You're trembling, Peter," he said quietly. "You don't have any reason to be afraid of me." 

I looked up at him and he bent down and lightly pressed his lips against mine. He moved around in front of me and wrapped his arms around me and kissed me again, this time harder and more sensual, open mouthed. I trembled as I lifted my arms and lightly gripped his arms. When I felt his tongue lightly run across my bottom lip and then enter my mouth, I whimpered a little bit. Mike was a terrific kisser, even better than Chris. When he broke the kiss, I was panting.

"Why don't we call it a day?" he husked. "Go grab a beer?"

I nodded. "Okay." 

"Or why don't I grab a six pack and then we can head back to your place? We could talk where it's quiet... get to know each other better." 

I nodded again and gave Mike directions to my apartment and he said he'd meet me there. As I drove home, I realized I was making a huge mistake. I knew very well what he wanted to do at my house, and it was more than talking. He was married and it was wrong, but I found myself unable to say no. 

When I got home, I picked up a little bit and turned on the TV and sat down on the couch. Mike knocked on the door about 15 minutes later and I took a deep breath and let him in. He walked in with a grocery bag and pulled out a six pack of beer. He twisted the tops off two of the bottles and handed them to me. He put the rest of the six pack in the fridge. Mike took a healthy swig of his beer as I sipped mine and I gave him a tour of the small apartment. 

We returned to the living room and sat on the couch. He picked up the remote and turned it to a football game on ESPN. He finished his beer pretty quick and asked if I'd get him another. When I brought back the beer, he unscrewed the top and guzzled about a quarter of it, then pulled me down so that I was sitting right next to him. He set the beer on the coffee table and put his arm around me and pulled me to him. 

When his hand moved to the back of my neck and he kissed me, I didn't resist. When he started kissing my neck, I knew that I was his. The feeling of his beard and moustache as he kissed and sucked on my neck was unlike anything I ever felt before. My ex Chris was always clean shaven, but he never shaved every day, so he always had stubble. I always enjoyed the feeling of his beard stubble on my face and neck, but this was different. It was like the nerve endings in my skin were wired directly to my dick and the hair on his face triggered all of those nerve endings simultaneously. I was leaking into my underwear and I'm sure there was already a wet spot on the front of my jeans. 

Mike pushed me back onto the couch and moved on top of me, straddling my legs and we kissed and made out. He was slowly grinding his hard crotch into me. I was so turned on, it felt like I was close to coming in my pants. Mike stood up and pulled me to my feet. He grabbed the grocery bag off the coffee table and led me by the hand into my bedroom. 

He tossed the bag onto the bed, then took my shirt off. He ran his hand down my pale skin. He lightly tweaked my little pink nipples and my knees buckled. He bent down and kissed me hard as he unbuckled my belt and pushed down my jeans and briefs. My erect penis snapped up against my belly. It was 6" long and hard as it could be. It was a little thinner than average and circumcised. The head was moist and red. Mike rubbed the tuft of red hair at the base of my dick, then wrapped his meaty fist around it and stroked it a few times as my body shuddered under his touch. 

"Peter, you're as beautiful as I knew you'd be." 

"Thank you," I said shyly.

I pulled Mike's shirt off. His beefy chest and stomach were covered in black hair, thickest on his pecs and in between. I unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans. I pushed them down to his ankles. I ran my hand over the bulge in his boxer briefs. I pushed them down to his ankles. Mike was so sexy. He was big and stocky, but not fat. His dick was circumcised and hard as steel, angled 45 degrees away from his stomach. It was slightly longer than mine at 6 and a quarter inches, but twice as thick. He was a little bit bigger than Chris, so I thought I should be able to handle him okay. 

He stepped out of them and pulled me down to the bed. He climbed on top of me and straddled my leg. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed me hard. I reached around his back and gripped his shoulders tightly. Mike sucked hard on the base of my neck and I moaned his name. He tightened his grip around me and rolled over so that I was on top of him. He grabbed my head and kissed me hard. He ran his hands down to my butt and gently squeezed and kneaded the cheeks. I whimpered when he ran one of his fingers into my crack and brushed against my tight pink hole. He ran his hands up to my shoulders and applied pressure, pushing me down his body. 
