 Matt didn't answer right away. "Am I too late?" I asked.

"No!" Matt exclaimed. "There are just so many other things I could say. I love you too!"

I laughed in relief. "What other things?"

Matt laughed too. "The first thing I thought of was an inner 'Yes!' Also, I still don't feel like I'm healthy enough for fucking."

I pulled him to me and kissed him. "That's okay. I just had to tell you. And hear you say it to me again. I can wait till another night for sex."

Matt took my hand and turned around. He was walking slowly because of the cast, but he was heading for his bedroom. "I didn't say no sex, just no fucking." I actually felt relieved, because I didn't know whether he would've been able to tell that I'd been fucked the night before.

I followed Matt to his bedroom. When we were standing in front of the bed, he turned around and put his arms around my waist. I kissed him and put my hands on his butt. Matt returned my kiss, harder, and moved his hands to my sides. When I broke the kiss, he unbuckled my belt. I pulled his T-shirt off and ran my hands up and down his back. Matt rubbed my cock through my pants. I hummed my approval. He was wearing shorts with a drawstring. I pulled the string away to loosen it, and I got his pants off his butt. I rubbed his cock through his underwear and felt it get hard. Matt pulled my pants down to the ground, slipped his hand inside my underwear and rubbed the shaft.

"Do you wanna go first, or should I?" I asked.

"Let's just do this until one of us can't wait any more," he answered.

"Good idea," I said, and I put my arms around him again. Matt pushed down on my underwear, exposing my cock and my ass. He rubbed my back, making our cocks touch, but he didn't touch anything else. I pushed his underwear and pants as far as I could, which was just below his knees. I rubbed his butt and felt his cockhead against my thigh.

Matt reached between us and started stroking my cock. "I want to get on my knees, but it's kind of awkward with my pant leg on one side and the cast on the other."

"Say no more," I told him. I got on the floor and pulled his pants past the right heel, the one in the cast. I pulled the left side all the way off and then finished the right. Once I'd done that, taking his underwear off was easy. I stood up and took my own pants off.

Matt got on his knees. He was a little shaky, so I put my hands out to steady him. He took my right hand and kissed each finger, followed by the palm. He put that on his shoulder and then gave my left hand the same treatment. He lifted my dick and kissed the bottom of my sac. He sucked each of my balls into his mouth and then kissed a line up the bottom of the shaft. He stayed with his mouth a couple inches from the head and looked up at me. "Say it again, Jerome."

This time it came easily. "I love you, Matt."

He was working as hard to control his breathing as I was. "I love hearing you say that."

"And I love how natural it felt to say it," I added.

Matt opened his mouth and took the head in. He moved down a little and put his tongue under the crown. I moved my right hand on top of his head and ran my fingers through his hair. Then he slid almost all the way down, keeping his tongue on the shaft the whole way. He put his hands on my butt and pushed. He hadn't quite taken me all the way, but that push did the trick. He pulled back and put his hand around the shaft. He bobbed up and down, twisting his hand back and forth.

"I'm glad it wasn't your wrist you sprained," I said. Matt gave me a look that showed that he disagreed. "Oh, right, 'cause then we could fuck." Matt looked back at what he was doing. "Damn it, there I go being selfish again," I sighed.

Matt bobbed up and down, going faster. He let me out and asked, "Ready?"

I had just felt my balls contract. "More than ready," I told him. He tried to get me back in, but my cum splattered on his cheeks and lips.

Matt stood up, and I got down. I caressed his open calf and his thighs. I touched my tongue to the tip of his cock. "Suck it, honey," he said.

"I wanna make this really good for you," I told him. "What's most comfortable for you?"

Matt climbed onto the bed and lay on his right side. His right leg was forward but bent back at the knee, and his left leg was back a little. I lay on my right side, facing him, and pulled him close to me. I kissed him on the lips and rubbed his chest. He ran his hand up and down my side. "If you just wanna get on top of me for a loving embrace, I think I'll be okay," he said.

"You read my mind," I whispered. He put his hand over my back and pulled me on top of him. We kissed even harder, and he rubbed my shoulder blades. He moved his hands down slowly. He spent a minute or so on my lower back, briefly caressed my buttocks and then spent longer on my thighs. I was kissing his neck and shoulders during all this. He came back to rub my ass, and when he did, I could feel our dicks rub together. Mine wasn't hard yet, but his was. "I want to show you how much I love you," I told him. 

"How do you wanna show me?" Matt answered.

I raised myself up and supported myself on my left elbow. I moved down between his legs and lifted his cock so I could kiss the head. I licked a line underneath until I got to his balls. I tried to move his leg so I could suck each of his balls into his mouth, but Matt wasn't comfortable yet. "That's okay," he said. "You can do it after I get better."

"Are you okay to spread your legs?" I asked. "I wanna see your face when I look up." He didn't speak, but he moved onto his back and slowly separated them. I moved in front of him and over him. I held his shaft back and planted kisses from just above his balls up to the head. I took his cockhead into my mouth. I looked up and saw him gazing at me. The look of love he gave me made me want to pleasure him even more. I moved down his cock an inch at a time, swirling my tongue back and forth as I went. When I only had a couple inches left, I ran my fingers up his sides. As I took the last inches into my mouth, I moved my hands underneath and caressed his butt.

"Oh, God," Matt cooed.

I looked up and was able to reply, "Hmm?"

"I love you, Jerome." He'd said it before, but now I was happy to hear him say it. I bobbed up and down and went back to stroking his sides.

"Oh, God, oh, God!" he cried.

I let him out of my mouth. "What is it, Baby?" I took his length back in and held him there.

"I wanna try," he said.

I felt his cock getting wider. I closed my mouth just enough to keep him in place while I swallowed my new love's cum. I only took the first couple spurts and let the rest spill over his legs. I moved up, kissed him and said, "I wanna try too, and I know we can make this work."

Matt touched his tongue to mine and said, "I know we can too. I meant I wanna try fucking."

"I thought you said you couldn't," I said. "I want it too, but I don't want you to get hurt even worse."

"I just meant I can't fuck you. You might be able to fuck me if I put my legs over your shoulders. You don't mind feeling plaster on your back, do you?"

"I think I can handle it," I replied. I moved back and started to lift his right foot, the one with the cast. "First, where's your lube?"

"It should be in the nightstand," Matt said. I got off the bed and found it quickly. As I removed the lid, Matt told me, "Come over here." I handed him the jar, and he poured it over my dick, then moved onto his back again.

I got back to my previous spot and lifted his foot over my shoulder. Matt had the easier task of lifting his left leg over the other shoulder. I found his ass and put my index finger in it to get him started. His right leg twitched and the cast hit my shoulder. Before he could ask, I assured him, "It didn't hurt."

Matt laughed. "I'm the one who's supposed to say that!" I replaced my finger with my dick and moved in slowly. "Oh, yeah, I like when you start at that pace," he said. I moved back and forth at the same speed for a few minutes. "I said start that way. I still like it hard," he added.

I picked up the pace, but I even did that more slowly than before. "I love the look of bliss on your face," I told him. "You know what's better than fucking a man?" I asked rhetorically.

"What?"

"Making love to one."

Matt used his heels to spur me on. "Make love to me, Jerome! Make me yours!"

I went faster, but his right foot, the one in the cast, started slipping off my shoulder, and I pulled out of his ass altogether. "I don't want it to fall!"

Matt put his hand under his calf. "I have an idea." He guided his calf down to the mattress and turned on his side. His right leg was in front of him and his left was in the air. "Take me this way," he said. The fucking I'd already given him made him loose enough for me to get in sideways with very little effort.

He rested his leg on my shoulder and I resumed driving my cock into his ass. "Yes," I groaned. "You belong to me, and I belong to you!" I leaned down and kissed him again.

Matt returned my kiss and urged, "Harder, Jerome! Harder!"

I could feel my balls contracting. "I'm gonna come, Matt!"

"Yes! Yes! Come inside me, Honey! Show me how much you want me!"

I managed to keep a steady pace while I slid his leg off my shoulders. Matt reached up, pulled me close to him and gave me an open-mouth kiss. I couldn't have pulled out of him if I'd wanted to. Our tongues probed each other while I filled him with my cum. "Damn it," I said.

"What's wrong? Your timing's perfect, and I've never done it in this position before!"

I kissed his ear. "Yeah, this is great, but that's not what I mean." I was able to speak slowly while I enjoyed the feeling of coming inside my lover. "I want you to fuck me, but I don't know whether I really crave your dick in my ass, or if I'm just thinking about it more because I can't have it right now."

Matt started shooting cum on his own chest. He looked down at it and smiled. I did the same. "Give me a minute, and we'll find out." Once he'd finished coming, he got up and went into his closet. It took all my self-restraint not to follow him and try to fuck him from behind. "Here it is," he said. When he turned around, he was holding a dildo.

"Is that Rock Hudson's face?" I asked.

"The patron saint of non-stereotypical gay men," Matt explained.

"Is there a matching one of Jim Nabors?"

"There may have been. I got this at a flea market. I don't think the owner even knew what it was for." Matt got on the bed with me, and I got on my back. Matt got between my legs and put his finger up my ass.

"Shit, that feels so good, I don't even mind if we don't fuck!" I said.

"So I can put Rock back in the literal closet?"

"Not yet," I answered.

"Good, 'cause I've got more planned before that." He lowered his head and started licking my asshole. If eating a pussy makes a woman feel as good as what Matt was doing, then I totally understood why they want it so much. When I was good and moist, I felt the obsidian icon moving gently into my rectum. "Do you like it, Doris?" he asked.

I laughed. "You must not be looking closely if you think I'm a Doris," I said.

Matt started going in and out now. Fortunately, there weren't any rough edges on the dildo. "How's this feel?" he asked.

"Well, go-o-olly!" I said, doing my best Gomer Pyle impression.

Matt moved around, keeping his hand on the dildo, but now his dick was in front of my face. "Surprise, surprise, surprise!" he said.

"And what a great surprise it is!" I exclaimed. I took his cock into my mouth and let him control the action from there. The head was going back and forth over the back of my tongue, never quite cutting off the air. When the dildo brushed up against the right spot on my prostate, I was in heaven. I tried to say, "Oh, God, keep doing that, Matt!"

He must have gotten the gist of what I was saying, because he fucked my mouth harder and kept the same pace with the dildo. "You like that, huh?"

I took his cock out of my mouth to tell him, "I still want your cock in my ass when you're up to it, but Rock here feels pretty good, too!"

I took him back in and put my finger in his ass. Matt responded by making me deep-throat him and getting the dildo even deeper than before. It put me over the top. I was literally in tears, and I started coming on his cover. Matt started coming right after that. I swallowed what I could before turning away from him. He took the dildo out. "Aren't breakthroughs great?" he asked.

I panted and told him, "I've never felt this way about a man before. I don't know what to do."

"Do what you'd do with anyone else you love," Matt said.

I grunted as the last of my seed splattered on the cover, and then I laughed. "What I meant is, the sun hasn't even set yet. I may suck at relationships, but one thing I know is that you have to have things to do for the other hours of the day."

Matt looked away for a minute and then suggested, "Are you ready for your first visit to a gay dance club?"

"No," I said, "but I'm ready to go to a regular bar with you and not hide anything."

"Thank God," Matt said. "The gay clubs in this town aren't good for anything but hook-ups."

"Damn it, Matt, why didn't you tell me that a year ago? You could have made things so much simpler for both of us!"

"'Cause they're not much good for that either," he said with a laugh. "Get dressed. You're gonna take me to your favorite hang-out."

"With that foot, how 'bout we just go to dinner together?" I suggested.

Matt acted like he was trying to dance, and the thumps of his cast sounded like a beat. "Sounds like a plan," he said.