 I've always considered myself to be a bisexual man. At 18, I spent a memorable weekend with a friend and his girlfriend, where we all explored each other's body thoroughly. That was where I discovered that as much as I love women, and love to make love to them, I need to have my hands and mouth on a man's hard cock every so often, just to feel complete. All through college, I spent time hanging out in gay bars, miles from school, just to get a taste of cock. At the same time, I was dating several girls as well.

Now that I'm in my early thirties, I've come to the conclusion that I need to experience as many of my fantasies as I can before I get much older. One of my favorite ones is to go to a gay bathhouse, and just become a total come slut for a night. I want to allow anyone to use me in any way they want. I want cocks in my mouth, in my ass, in both hands at once, any way I can get them. I spent weeks researching the best ones, talking to my gay friends, and made my decision on where to go.

This particular bathhouse had a great reputation for treating newcomers with respect, and being very open and sexually forward. It was close to a hundred miles from home, so I booked a weekend at a nearby hotel, and when Friday came, jumped in the car and headed out for my adventure. Traffic cooperated for the first time in recent memory, and I got to my hotel about 8pm. I went to my hotel room and took a long, hot shower, paying special attention to my cock, balls and ass. I wanted to be clean and smooth for whatever happened. After drying off, I dressed in comfortable jeans and a t-shirt, and headed for the bathhouse.

When I got there, the parking lot was only a third of the way full. I entered, and was promptly stopped by an older man sitting at a desk.

"May I help you, sir?"

"I was interested in a membership here. Would you be able to assist me with that?"

I saw his eyes drop to my crotch, and then roam my body slowly. I felt a little like a piece of meat, the way he was obviously checking me out. Evidently, he liked what he saw, as he smiled, and gestured to a chair in front of the desk.

"I'm sure you know exactly what type of club this is, so I won't insult you by suggesting otherwise. I have some papers for you to fill out, and a couple of legal waivers that you will have to sign to enter."

I sat down and started in on the paperwork, and listened as Walt explained the different packages available to me as a new member. I signed up for a two-week membership, with the option to extend at the end of that time. I gave him my credit card to swipe, and after I signed the slip, he handed me a magnetic key.

"This will get you into the building from the rear, as some of our members prefer to keep their membership private. I have assigned a locker for you to use, and the door key is also used to open your locker, as well as charge food and drinks in the lounge. As you know, this is a men's club, and we cater to the gay community. You will see a lot of things you might never have expected, as many of our members come here to explore their deepest fantasies and desires. The one golden rule here is simple: no means no. There is one area, designated by red stripes on the wall, where the...more forceful, shall we say?...fantasies may be explored. Anywhere else on the property, if someone does not wish to participate, they may not be forced or coerced in any way. Violators of this policy are expelled from the club immediately. Do you understand this?"

I nodded my head, and Walt stood up, smiling.

"Very good. Welcome to our club. I hope you enjoy your experiences with us, as fully as possible."

As he said this, he casually reached out and fondled my crotch. I thanked him for the welcome, and expressed my desire to explore many new opportunities. I gently pushed his hand tighter into my crotch, and then stepped away.

He smiled, and went back to his desk. I used my new key, and let myself into the club. The lobby door led right to a short hallway, which fed into the locker room. There were a couple of men in the locker room when I entered, all in various states of undress. I smiled, and found my locker. I quietly stripped off my clothes, and locked my things in the locker. I saw one of the men go out a door on the far side of the room, and I headed that way. I felt the eyes of the men in the room on me as I walked, and my cock swelled in appreciation of the attention.

The door led into a common room, with televisions tuned to different stations. All of the men in the room were naked, and several were involved in sexual acts. In one corner, three men were heavily into a group thing, one of them taking a cock in his ass, while sucking on another. A couple of other men were watching this go on as they pulled on their own dicks. I saw a small poster on the wall, and wandered over to see what it was. It turned out to be a map of the building, showing the different areas, and where different activities were set to occur. I saw that the group sex area was down a short walkway from where I was, and made my way there.

I entered the area, and saw exactly what I was looking for. A young man was on his back, surrounded by hard cocks. He was being fucked in the ass while he sucked two other cocks in turn, and stroked two more. My cock swelled, and I knew exactly what my plans were. I made my way down to the center, next to him, and quickly felt hands on my body. I lowered myself to my back, and spread my legs wide open. I immediately felt hands running down my thighs to my anus, and cool lubricant being spread on and into my tight hole. A finger slid inside, and I opened my mouth to encourage more. Before I could say anything, a nice hard cock slipped between my lips. I sucked hungrily on it, and felt more hands running over my body. The finger in my ass was quickly replaced by a hard prick, and I felt myself filling up as I was fucked. I sucked the cock in my mouth until it's owner shuddered, and pulled it away to shower my chest with hot seed. A new cock quickly took its place, and a routine developed. As a man shot his load, another took his place. Within moments, I was being showered with splash after splash of hot come, and loved every second of it. 

I must have been fucked by a dozen men, and sucked a dozen more by the time I finally shot my own load all over my chest. I finally pushed the man in my ass away, and he grinned as I sat up. I was coated with sticky come, and another man helped me to my feet. I was led to the showers, and gentle hands helped me to clean up until all of the come was washed down the drain. I left the showers, and grabbed a fluffy white towel to dry off. I sat in the locker room for a few minutes, amazed at the feelings running through me. Shock, a small amount of disgust, but mostly, I was feeling satisfied. A long time fantasy had been fulfilled.

I gathered myself, and wandered back into the main lounge. I looked at the clock, and had to repress a gasp. I'd been on my back in that room for almost four hours! No wonder my ass was sore. I grinned, and went to the bar to order a drink. The bartender smiled, and ran his hand over mine as he took my key to charge the drink. I smiled, and made my way over to a table to enjoy my drink. I watched as men of all shapes, sizes and colors wandered in and out of the lounge. I saw men with tiny little dicks, and several men that were as well hung as I'd ever seen. I felt my cock responding to the sights, and I started thinking about what I'd like to do next, when I saw Walt walk into the lounge. He was obviously off the clock, as he was as nude as the rest of us. His body was well shaped, and his chest and pubes were as grey as the hair on his head. I saw him look around the room, and smile when he saw me.

"Are you enjoying your visit so far?"

"I certainly am. This has already been well worth the cost."

He smiled, and gestured to the seat next to me. With a smile, I gestured him into it.

"So, if I may ask, what have you taken part in so far?"

I blushed a little.

"Well, I actually fulfilled a fantasy of mine. I've always wanted to be the center of a large group of men, and allow my body to used as a come spot. I lost track of how many men shot their loads on my body. All I know, is I was there four hours!"

He laughed, and reached across to take my hand.

"Does this mean that you're all worn out? Or could I persuade you to use that lovely cock on me? Or in me, I should say?"

In response, I reached under the table and wrapped my hand around his tool, pleasantly surprised to feel how hard he already was. He took my hand and led me to one of the smaller rooms, meant for more intimate couplings. Before I could react, he was on his knees, presenting his ass for me to see. I grabbed a condom, slipped it on, and squirted some of the ever-present lube on his hole. He moaned as I rubbed it in, and cried out when I slid my cock in hard and fast.

"That's exactly what I need. Fuck me hard and deep. I want you deep in my ass..."

I slammed my cock home in a hard, powerful rhythm, and held his hips so he couldn't escape me, even if he wanted to. Walt was well experienced in taking cock in the ass, and knew just how to move to maximize the pleasure for his partner. I kept up a strong pace, and Walt matched me move for move. He pushed beck against me at every thrust, and squeezed his cheeks just right. I held myself as long as possible, and when I couldn't hold out any longer, I let him know.

"You're going to come in my face. I love to watch a man come on me..."

I pulled my cock free of his tight ass, and ripped the condom off just in time. With a huge groan, I let my seed fly all over the older man's face and neck. Walt grabbed my cock and pointed it towards his face, making sure I shot my load where he wanted me to. As I came down off my orgasmic high, he sucked my cock dry, expertly milking every ounce of come from my cock. He let go of my cock, and scooped a blob of semen from his chin, and smiling, sucked it right down and swallowed it. I sat back, watching this come hungry slut of a man carefully gather every drop of come I left for him, and smile.

"You taste lovely. I hope to have more opportunities to enjoy you, sir."

I leaned forward, and kissed Walt gently.

"You have an incredible ass, Walt. I'd love to make love to you again I'll see you soon."

I stood and left him laying there, and made my way to the locker room. If I enjoyed my first night here that much, how many more things was I going to experience before the weekend was over?