 I had never been to a bath house before. I stood outside on the pavement, nervous. My heart raced with excitement, not just from the thrill of visiting a spa for the first time, but also from the thrill that I was about to meet him. 

Who was he? His name was Trevor, but his profile name was Trix. We had been chatting online for several weeks. Everything about his profile drew me to him. He was handsome, fit and mature. He was some twenty five years older than me, but we shared a connection when we chatted. He had sent me several pictures of himself. He had a slim body, not particularly muscular, but something a man of 45 years could be proud of. He clearly worked on it. He was tanned, 6 feet. His chest was smooth and his pubic hair shaven. I looked once again at his photo on my phone. A photo of him posing in speedos, pulled down enough to see he was shaven, but not enough to see his cock. He was a tease like that. Whenever I asked about his cock he would reply "one day you will see it for yourself".

I wasn't sure when that day would be until this morning he sent me a message, "I think it's time for us to meet." 

We couldn't meet at my place, my parents would be outraged. They knew I was gay, but there was no way they would allow me to host a man more than twice my age. I was nervous about meeting him anywhere else, I'd never met a man online before. It was then he suggested we meet at the bath house in the city.

My relationship with my boyfriend had recently ended. We'd been together a little over a year, but he was immature. I now longed for a man, not a boy. Someone who knew what they wanted and how to get it. That's when I met Trevor. I desired to meet him from day one, but was too shy to ask.

I glanced down at my phone again. A message from Trevor. "Level 4, at the bar." 

I pushed open the door and walked inside. I fumbled around for the admission and headed to the locker room. I quickly undressed, my cock already semi hard, and wrapped a towel around my waist. I stood briefly in front of the mirror and looked at my reflection. I reassured myself, he will want me. I have a slim body, well defined and smooth. Surely 20 year old guys don't offer themselves to 45 year old men every day?

I entered the bar and there he was, in the corner sipping on his drink. He smiled and waved me over. He had a drink waiting for me.

"You're even better than your photos," he said. 

His voice was deep, almost gravelly. He could be on radio with that voice. I was lost for words, just staring at his chest. His skin was tanned, his pecs defined. He had a flat stomach, no six pack, but I could tell he was fit. He could tell I was nervous.

"What do you say we finish these drinks and relax in the spa?" he said. I nodded quietly, still admiring his body.

I followed him into the spa where he dropped his towel, exposing his firm buttocks and stepped straight into the water. Damn, I still haven't seen his cock I thought to myself. I entered the water and sat down next to him. We were alone. 

He didn't waste any time. "I've waited a long time for this" he said, as he pulled me in and kissed me passionately. His hands were big and they pulled me close. I melted, I was in the arms of the man I longed for.

Trevor pulled away and smiled at me. He slowly began to stand up. This is it. Finally, I'm going to see his cock. He sat on the edge of the spa and his cock hung there between his legs. It was only semi hard, but it was thick. It wasn't huge, at 7 inches, but it was impressive. He was cut, with a large mushroom head.

"Go ahead, you can touch." he said. 

I reached out and held the shaft in my hand. It was so thick I could only just wrap my fingers around it. I began to jerk it. Trevor got hard very quickly. He placed his large hands on my shoulders and guided me closer to his cock. Gently he pushed my head towards his thick manhood until it was just in front of my face. It was rock hard. The veins were bulging and it stood proudly, pointed straight at me.

"Suck it" he whispered as he pushed me closer.

I opened my mouth and leaned in, kissing the tip softly, then wrapping my lips around the head of his thick cock. He let out a loud moan and I looked up at him. I licked along the shaft towards his balls. He had large, heavy balls that hung low over the edge of the spa. I took his cock again into mouth and down the shaft as far as I could go. I can't deep throat, but I could tell from his breathing that he was enjoying it. I had half his cock in my mouth, while I jerked the other half. I bobbed my head up and down on his cock, trails of saliva dripping down into the water. He leaned back and spread his knees wider, giving me greater access to his slippery, glistening cock. 

"That's enough," he said, as his now sloppy cock slid out of my mouth and hung against my cheek, wiping saliva and precum across my face. It was dripping from my chin. He lifted me to my feet and took my hand. "Follow me, I want you to see another room."

"This is where I will take you and make you mine" said Trevor as he opened the door and guided me inside. He flicked the switch and a dim light came on. The room was small with little in it but a shelf against one wall and a swing that hung from the ceiling from four chains. The door closed behind us and Trevor guided me toward the swing.

"Hop on, you will enjoy this" he whispered in my ear. I sat on the swing and leaned back, laying down. I reach up and held two of the chains with my hands, Trevor raised my legs up into the air and wrapped the other two chains around my ankles to hold them secure. I wasn't going anywhere. I was on my back, legs up with my tight hole exposed, alone in a room with seven inches of thick, rock hard cock. 

Trevor took a bottle of lube from the shelf and squirted it on his fingers. He kneeled down and rubbed gently around my tight hole before he gently pushed his index finger inside me. In and out. "Fuck you're tight" he said. "This is gonna be one real squeeze" he said with a grin. He pushed a second finger in and then a third, before pulling them out and standing up. He took the bottle of lube again and squirted some on his cock before positioning himself at my entrance. 

"From the moment you sent me that first message, I knew I was going to get you here" he said. Then he slowly pushed his thick mushroom head against my tight hole. It was too big, no way could it fit. The pressure was intense and the pain was building. I let out a muffled scream and he pushed harder. I could feel my hole was trying to keep his thick cock out but it was losing, he was too strong. The pain was building and I gritted my teeth.

I was about to cry out when finally, his enormous cock head pierced the barrier and broke through. I let out a load moan, half pleasure, half pain as my hungry ass closed itself around him, gripping his cock tightly. He was inside me, and I was in heaven. I looked into his eyes and he said seductively, "told you you would enjoy it." 

With his monster head inside me, the rest of his shaft slid in almost effortlessly. Inch by inch me pushed further into me until his entire cock was buried deep inside my tight hole. He held my legs and slowly rocked me in the swing, his cock slowly sliding out before he would pull me back in.

I began to moan louder with the intense pleasure driving into my stretched hole. "Man you are one tight little bottom slut" he said, breathing deeply as my ass tightly gripped his cock. He grabbed my thighs and pulled me in real close, his balls slapping against my ass cheeks he was in so deep. He began thrusting into me, deep, slow thrusts. He would pull out until only the head of his cock remained inside me, before thrusting deep again, his big, heavy balls slapping against me.

"You're so good" I moaned, the pleasure from his increasing thrusts building in me. "So thick..." Trevor was absolutely right. He was making me his. No man had made me feeling this good before. I knew I would be coming back again and again to let Trevor have his way with me, and he knew that too.

"You're really enjoying this aren't you?" he grunted between thrusts. His pace was quickening and his grunting getting louder. I too was moaning more and more as I tried to suppress it by biting my lip. My cock was swollen and hard as a rock. I was about to cum, and I hadn't even touched my cock at all.

Trevor's pace had reached frantic speeds now as he fucked me furiously. Sweat was glistening all over him and running down his body. "Im... gonna... blow..." he grunted. By now it was too much for me also, and my eyes rolled back as an intense orgasm rocked my body. My ass tightened around his cock while my own cock shot out load after load of thick, gooey cum all over my chest and stomach. At that sight Trevor let out an incredible moan before throwing his head back and thrusting one last time deep inside me where he remained, grinding against my ass, trying to get even deeper. His huge balls emptied their massive load of thick cum deep into my ass.

Breathless, Trevor pulled out his still rock hard cock. The mushroom head making a popping sound as it broke free from my now gaping hole. He collapsed on the floor, panting heavily. "That was incredible" I managed to say between breaths. I looked down at the floor beneath me, Trevor's cum was dribbling from my ass to form a large pool on the floor. "How big is your load?" I exclaimed? 

"Don't worry, you will know next time, when you swallow it" he grinned.

"Next time?" I jokingly asked.

Who was I kidding, Trevor knew as well as I did that there was only one cock that my ass would crave from now on. He had made me his, he owned me. I was his little bottom slut.