 I am a 34-year old male who is on the road 5 days a week with my job. I work for a company that makes weight training equipment, and it's my job to travel all over the country trying to sell our products to fitness centers. So since I am dealing for the most part with gym owners that are in good shape because of their business, I too have to maintain a consistent workout program to stay fit. It just makes sense that in order to sell fitness equipment successfully, your body should be a testament to its worth.

So even though I am in great shape, fairly young and good looking, since I am on the road so much I have had difficulty keeping a successful relationship with anyone. While traveling, I generally stay in the moderately priced motels to avoid running up huge expense vouchers to turn into my company. However, on occasion, I am forced in to staying at a resort style hotel with all of the amenities. This story is about one such occasion when I stayed in a really nice hotel on the beach in Fort Lauderdale, Florida

After a full day of calling on fitness centers in the area, I returned to the hotel that I booked on the beach. Needing to relax, I grabbed my bathing suit and headed for the beach. They had really nice padded chairs set up on the beach by the hotel, so I chose an empty one near the water and settled in to catch a few rays. Shortly, an employee of the hotel came up to me and asked if I wanted anything to drink. 

I said, "Sure, whatever the house specialty is will be fine with me." 

He returned with some rum concoction filled with fruit and a lot of booze. It was hot in the sun, so that drink didn't last very long. I ordered several more during the short time that I was on the beach and proceeded to finish those as well. 

I was feeling pretty good by now, but my muscles were still sore from a full day of demonstrating my company's fitness equipment. When my beach boy returned I asked him if there was a place nearby where I could get a good massage. 

He asked me "Sir, do you just want a good massage or a really good massage?"

I responded naturally "I am sort of spoiling myself on this trip staying at this great hotel on the beach, so how about a really good massage."

He said "No problem sir. Go to your room and change and then come down to the lobby and I'll have a driver waiting to take you to a private bath house that gives the best massages in south Florida."

That sounded great to me, so off I went to my room. I decided to take a quick shower and put on my bikini brief underwear and a pair jogging shorts with a muscle shirt. I slipped my beach tongs on my feet and went down to the lobby. My driver was waiting for me and off we went to the bathhouse. I was really looking forward to this "really good massage" because between the sun and the hotel specialty drinks I was ready for some relaxation. Little did I know that was the last thing that I was going to get?

After a short drive, we arrived at the bathhouse. I had never been to one before and didn't know what to expect. I asked my driver, but he had never been in one either. He assured me that the hotel had called ahead and made all of the arrangements for me. Boy, I thought, this really is a great hotel that will bend over backwards to make their guests happy.

I walked in the front door and was greeted by the receptionist. He asked me if he could help me, and I told him that my name was Andy from one of the hotels on the beach. He recognized my name immediately and said that all of the arrangements had been made. I asked him if there were women that used this bathhouse too, and he sort of laughed.

"No, sir. This is a gay bathhouse and women are not allowed." He then had another employee of the bathhouse escort me to a private room where I would meet the masseuse. 

I certainly was surprised by this new information. I was thousands of miles away from home in a gay bathhouse waiting for what would certainly be another man giving me a massage. I was both nervous and excited at the same time. I have always been heterosexual, but as I have already said unable to keep a successful relationship because of my travel requirements. I must admit that I have been curious about men having sex with each other. 

Just then the door to my private room opened and a tall well-built man walked into the room. He was wearing tight white shorts and a white t-shirt that was also skin-tight. 

"Hi, I'm Louis your masseuse. While I prepare for your massage in the other room, just take off your clothes and lie on your back on the massage table. If you feel it is necessary, just use one of the towels on the shelf to cover yourself and I will return when you are ready." 

I just nodded my head and watched him as he turned and left the room. I removed my beach tongs, my shorts and my shirt but decided to leave my bikini underwear on. I was nervous about being completely naked while another man had his hands on me. Then I got a towel from the shelf and got up on the massage table. I lie on my back and put the towel over my underwear. 

Louis then returned to the room and closed the door. He put some oil on his hands and rubbed them together vigorously to warm up the oil and his hands. 

"Just close your eyes and relax and let me give you that really good massage that you have ordered. "

He started standing behind my head by gently kneading my shoulders and neck area. His hands were large and very strong. He continued down my chest and my upper arms. His touch was strong yet gentle finding the tension and knots in my muscles. He applied more oil to his hands and started to massage my pecs. 

"Do you shave your body hair?" he asked.

"Yes!" I responded. "I am in the fitness business and find that it works better to display the muscle tone attained in working on the machines that my company manufactures. "

"I like the way your body feels" he said. "Especially your chest and abs. They are so smooth and your muscles are very well defined. I really like the way it makes your nipples look and feel."

With that he pinched both of my nipples. I have always had larger than normal nipples for a man and being almost naked with a strange man rubbing oil on my body, they were standing straight out from my chest as hard as pencil erasers. I was very surprised that he did that, but quite honestly I kind of liked it. 

He then moved to the other end of the massage table and started to massage my feet and toes. His hands were very talented and it felt great. He added more oil to his hands as he moved further up my legs past my calves to my thighs. I was now getting more and more relaxed and closed my eyes to enjoy the effects of the massage. I hadn't noticed, but Louis had removed his shirt. He was now clothed only in his skintight white shorts. 

His hands had now reached the bottom of the towel covering me and let them slide under to continue the massage. As he reached further under the towel he noticed that I had not removed my underwear.

"What do we have here? We don't need these on...we are all men here." 

He then grabbed the waistband of my bikini briefs with both hands and pulled then down and completely off of me. I was startled by this move. I went to sit up, but he just put one of his large hands on my chest and firmly pushed me back down into a horizontal position.

"Oh don't worry, Andy. I just don't want to get any of my massage oil on your underwear and ruin them." 

I don't exactly know where the towel covering me went, but I was now completely naked. He continued to massage my upper thighs for a few minutes more, occasionally rubbing the back of his hands against my "not so private parts". 

Just as I was beginning to get aroused, he told me to roll over onto my stomach and let my face rest in this donut-like support at the end of the massage table. I did as I was told, knowing very well that now my completely naked butt would be on display. Louis returned to the head of the table and applied more oil to his hands. He then started to give me a really deep massage on my shoulder blades and upper back muscles. 

As he moved further down my back with his massage he inched closer to the table until I could feel the heat of his body close to my head. From the position that my head was in, I had a good view of what looked to be his very large dick covered in his skin-tight white shorts. I had never before been this close to another man's dick. I couldn't take my eyes off of his bulge and began to get excited again.

Louis then suddenly stopped and moved to the foot of the massage table. My view of his magnificent bulge was gone, but for some reason I felt that I would get another opportunity soon. There was a slight delay before he again resumed my massage, but when he did he was now massaging the back of my thighs. He spread my legs a little further apart giving him access to my inner thighs and a clear view of the crack of my ass. 

His massage continued to the tops of my legs and his hands now started to work on the muscles of my butt. He again spread my legs further apart so that now my butt hole was exposed. He took the massage oil bottle and poured a generous amount on my butt cheeks and hole. His hands began to work the oil into my skin moving my butt cheeks apart further exposing my rosebud. This was a little uncomfortable, but now I was sporting a full-blown hard-on. 

First his thumb grazed my hole while continuing my butt massage and then one of the fingers on his hand slipped right into my hole. I jumped at the very personal intrusion into my most private entrance into my body. As he was inserting his finger further into me his other hand held me down firmly in the small of my back.

"Relax, my friend. This is all part of the "very good massage" that you asked for. We want to make sure that all of the muscles in your body are relaxed, even your sphincter muscles. When all of your muscles are relaxed, you will be able to enjoy our massage much better."

He continued to work his finger in and out of me until he decided it was time to add a second finger. When he pushed both of his fingers all of the way into my butt hole, I felt the pain of my anal ring being stretched. He moved them both in and out and seemed to be stretching my sphincter muscles until they would tear. 

"Don't worry honey! You would be surprised how big your hole can get and how large an object can be inserted. We need to get you ready for later so that you can enjoy your very special massage."

Louis then removed his fingers from my butt and told me to turn over again. When I did, I noticed that he had removed his shorts and he was now completely naked. My dick was as hard as a rock and standing straight up in the air. His was huge as it hung between his legs almost to his knees. He again moved to the head of the massage table and removed the donut-like contraption that I was resting my face in. He then grabbed me under my arms and pulled me towards him at the head of the table until my head was hanging off of the end of the table. From this position, I was looking directly at his huge dick with my head upside down. 

"Now it is time to stretch the muscles in your other hole."

He grabbed his dick with one hand and held my head in position with the other hand. He put the enormous purple head of his dick up to my lips.

"Open wide, Andy! It is time for you to see what an man's dick feels and tastes like."

What on earth had I gotten myself in to? All that I wanted was a massage, and now I was going to have another man's dick in my mouth. I was pretty vulnerable being completely naked, lying on my back with a very large and strong naked man ordering me to put his dick in my mouth. 

I opened my lips and he began to push the head of his dick into my mouth. I had to open my mouth as wide as I could to let all of his head enter my mouth. It was warm and soft as my tongue was trying to find a place in my own mouth. My lips closed around his shaft just below the head of his dick. 

"Suck it sweetheart, like it was a lollipop. Put your tongue on top of my dick and breathe through your nose. I'll be gentle with you until you get used to having my dick in that pretty little mouth of yours. "

As I got used to the huge head of his dick in my mouth, he moved his hips closer to my head forcing his dick further into my mouth. He continued to work his dick into my mouth until the head hit the back of my throat. I began to gag and he pulled out a little and then moved back in until he was banging against the back of my throat again.

"When I move my dick up against your throat, stick your tongue out as far as it will go and swallow at the same time." 

Louis then tilted my head back further until the opening in my mouth and my throat were in a straight line. This is why he had my head hanging off of the end of the massage table, so that he could push his dick into my throat easier. As he moved his hips forward again and the head of his dick hit the back of my throat, I extended my tongue along the shaft of his dick and swallowed at the same time. He pushed his dick further into my mouth until I felt the head of his dick enter my throat.

"That's it sweetheart, I can see my fuck stick making your throat bulge out. Keep doing what I told you until I get all of my 10 inches into you."

Loius kept forcing more and more of his dick into my mouth until his enormous balls were along side of my nose. I had taken his entire dick down my throat. He was massaging his dick head through the bulge in my neck. Just as I was about to gasp for breath, he pulled out of my throat to allow me a breath, and as soon as I did he rammed his dick all of the way down my throat again.

"You are going to make a great cock sucker, Andy! I'll have to tell all of my friends how you deep-throated me on your first blowjob. Stay relaxed while I fuck your face until my balls fill your stomach with my cum."

I had never before even had another man's dick touch me, let alone have one in my mouth. I was deep-throating this enormous dick and enjoying it. My dick was sticking straight up and my balls were ready to explode. This was by far the most exciting sexual experience that I have ever had and there wasn't a girl in the whole building. I was not only gay, but I was ecstatic 

Louis continued pumping his cock in and out of my throat until his dick began to swell even bigger. His body tensed and he shoved his dick as far down my throat as he could driving his hips into my face. He held my face to his balls tightly with both hands as his dick pumped his hot cum deep down my throat and into my stomach. I couldn't taste his cum, because his head was so far down my throat that my taste buds never stood a chance. 

When he finished pumping me full of his cum, he withdrew his dick from my abused throat and I gasped for air. I was now officially a cock sucker. I was full of cum, drenched in sweat and oiled all over. I was thinking that I had now received my "really good massage" that I had asked for at the hotel. I was wrong.

"Now that we have stretched your throat muscles and made you a cock sucker, it is time to finish stretching your ass-pussy and make you a full fledged cum receptacle. My friends are really going to enjoy popping your virgin bath house cherry."

I had a feeling that this was going to be a really long day. Well I have some business to attend to, so I guess that I will have to finish this story later.