 I want to start off by saying that the daddy (Ha. Yes, I called him daddy last time, even though he looked to be only a couple years older than me.) I had met at the park near my daughters friends house, had messaged me on the cruising site. I had told him that's how I knew about that place. I guess he got on there last time and seen my profile. About a week after we met, he messaged me on the site with a blocked, anonymous log in (I don't know how he did that.) and asked me if I was ready to be fucked again. To which I said yes. A couple days after that, he messaged me and told me that he couldn't stop thinking about pounding my ass.

So. Today my daughter went over to her friends house after school. The one that I had dropped her off at a few weeks ago. I left work a little early, so that I could cruise by the park close to their house before picking her up.

When I got to the boat ramp area, there was a woman walking her dog, and no other cars. I slowly drove through, and resigned myself that there was no action today. So I decided to just go pick my daughter up.

As I was pulling up to the entrance/exit, a truck pulled in. It looked just like the truck of the guy I met before. My gorgeous daddy who fucked me so good. The windows were tinted, so I couldn't see who was in the cab, but they lifted their hand and waved as I was about to pass them. I got really excited, so at the entrance I turned around, and went back into the park. 

Whoever was in the truck pulled to the far end of the parking lot, and I pulled into the closer end. Right next to the trail he (hopefully it was him) fucked me in before. The lady was parked right behind me, but looked like she was about to get into her vehicle. So I waited until she finally left about 5 minutes later. 

The white truck turned around and parked about 3 spaces over from me. I still couldn't see who was in it, but decided to head into the woods anyway. I had to piss, so if it wasn't someone I wanted, I could always act like I was just pissing.

When I got to the spot from before, I started to pee. That's when he walked into the woods, and right up next to me while I finished pissing. It WAS my daddy cock from before. He pulled out his cock and started pissing. Last time he was wearing a cap, T-shirt, and shorts. This time he looked more professional. Polo shirt, khakis pants, and no hat. Still so sexy though. 

When we were both done pissing, we both began stroking. I didn't wait long before I bent over at my waist and took him into my mouth, giving him access to rub my ass. He was limp, but that didn't last. Within moments he was rock hard. He spit on his hand and got my ass all wet. Eventually fingering me while I sucked him. I didn't want to let him out of my mouth, but after awhile this position became uncomfortable.

I stood up and took a deep breath. Last time, we both were feeling out the situation. Not this time. When I stood up, he immediately walked behind me and was pulling my ass checks apart. I stepped to a tree, and pulled one of my legs out of my pants. I spread my legs far apart, and leaned over into the tree. 

He started rubbing his cock on my hole. He then spit on it some more. As he was pushing into me, I realized that there was just not enough lubrication. After the tip was in, he spit on my hole again. That did it. He slid all the way in, and it felt amazing. He fucked me for awhile. I don't think either one of us were as nervous this time. No one was in the parking area, and we knew we were alone.

Eventually he started slamming into me harder and faster. Grunting and moaning more and more. I knew he was about to cum, so I told him, "Yes. Yes. Fuck me. I want you to cum in my ass."

This must have set him off, because the next thing I know, I can feel him filling my asshole with his cum. As he was pulling out, I could still feel his cum in me, and it leaked out, and was all over my ass crack. He pulled his pants up (from where they had dropped to his ankles), but he left them open. 

I stood up and leaned against the tree. I was stroking myself with one hand, while stroking his cock with the other. He started playing with my nipples, which made me moan. He patiently did this until I came.

I looked at him and told him "You have an amazing cock."

He replied "You have an amazing ass."

With that, we both got fully dressed. He was walking out first, but turned to me and said "I hope to see you again soon."

I said "Me too." 

With that he headed to his truck. When he drove off, I headed out of the woods, and went to my truck. There was still no one in the parking lot, so I reached into the back of my pants, and felt all of that cum in my crack. I lifted it up to my nose and smelled it. I don't know why, it was just in the moment. It smelled so good. I licked some of it off my hand, and it tasted even better. I wiped a little of it off my ass with a napkin that was in my truck, but was careful just to wipe enough so that it wouldn't leak through my pants.

I liked the feeling of his cum on my crack and oozing out of my hole. 

I then left. The whole time I was driving, all I could do was think about my slick cum coated asshole. When I finally got home, I immediately went to the bathroom and slipped three fingers in my cum soaked hole, and fucked my self. I came all over the bathroom floor.

I don't know if my wife had heard me in there, because as soon as I came, she knocked on the bathroom door and told me dinner was ready.

"I will be right out. I'm starving." I told her. I wasn't really hungry for food, but I am hungry for my daddy cock. I still don't even know his name. I hope he send me another message. I definitely have one for him.