 Surrounded by at least another half dozen naked men having sex in the darkroom, finally taking a break after an extended period doing poppers with another man as the crowd grew around us. I'd almost cum several times, played with several cocks, and gone down on the first man who had entered the space. A man riding at least his second cock, feeling the motion of his body along the arm he'd placed next to me. The man I'd already considered fucking myself just a couple of minutes ago, his inviting ass positioned over my cock after the first man he had ridden left.

An invitation at a primal level, his yielding soft ring sliding against my cockhead. Thinking how easy it would be to do another hit, and slide into a sexy slut's fucked hole bareback. An idea that left a small part of myself pointing out just how risky that would be. As other men began to jostle us, it seemed a wise point to collect things in the darkness, including the locker key. Fumbling more condoms from the bag, unable to find the rush bottle in the dark. 

Fruitlessly searching for the poppers, the opportunity to just sink my cock into an already fucked stranger's ass passed, as the man moved to service someone else in the dark, hearing him go down on a new stranger.

Leading me to finger fuck him with my left middle finger, for the fifth or sixth time, again making him moan around the cock in his mouth. Talking dirty, saying thing "fuck yes" and "hot ass" and "sexy cocksucker" as he moved his sexy hole in rhythm to my circling finger.

Finally, no longer so utterly cock crazed, concentrating on finger fucking, I took the time to gather my wits, realizing just how wild the orgy had grown. Also slowly realizing that gathering my possessions again was extremely practical. I found the locker key, the bag, and some condoms that had been pulled out earlier, but the brown bottle still wasn't to be found.

Allowing for a bit of reflection concerning the last period of time that had led to being in the middle of an orgy, surrounded by men having group sex. Knowing that further searching was the best way to find the poppers, but unconcerned for now.

I'd been in the dark for a while, simply waiting, having been at the baths for an hour and a half already, including some group fun in the steamroom. However, in general, it had been one of the more tame visits, leading to seriously considering leaving. A man came in, and feeling my foot at the edge, he went onto the platform, towel spread near mine, on his stomach.

It was easy to assume he wanted to be fucked even more anonymously - or with more partners - than possible in a cabin. My interests were a bit different. Leaning over, I started to caress his back and legs. Soon teasingly stroking his inner thighs, sliding lower each time my fingers returned from their journeys over his broad back and along his stretched out arms. As he sighed and opened his legs, my fingers began to play along his sides, seeking his nipples as I began to kiss his shoulders.

Gradually, he shifted position enough for me to make one of his nipples harden, finally reaching out to find my body in the darkness. Making me moan when his fingers began to play with hair around my sack. Still able to focus enough on my own target, sliding a hand under his tilted hip, feeling his downward pointing cock, along with its rubber cock ring.

Seconds after touching his cock, his fingers began to move along my now irresistibly lengthening shaft, causing gasps when they lingered under my cockhead. Getting mutually horny in the dark, knowing how to create temptation while being tempted, within a space designed to meet other men to have anonymous sex with. He rolled over, exposing his front, allowing the chance to take advantage of his now hardened length, tongue running slowly over his chest, looking for a nipple to lick.

Finding one was a perfect invitation to begin playing with each other, mutual cock fun involving a variety of skills. Sometimes jacking each other, other times jerking our own cocks, letting a stranger enhance the intimate pleasure of masturbating. Inevitably, our cocks touched, my hand guiding the first mutual grinding session, only letting him take over after being certain that orgasm was receding.

Only to quickly realize that his expert touch had brought me almost immediately to the edge, our cocks clasped in his grip, thrusting myself ever more mindlessly. Finally, my hand replaced his, allowing the chance to experience his cock in a number of ways. Cockheads circling each other, or each cockhead pressed into the other man's sack, or grinding the length of our cocks against each other.

A third man pushed his way onto the platform, causing us to shift to accommodate him. I moved to the other side, as my partner reversed position, feet now pointing to the wall. Scrambling a bit, it was possible to keep everything together in the darkness, finding myself mainly in the center now, a stranger's cock temptingly close. 

With a condom already available, it took little time for me to start going down on his hot cock. His moans seemed somewhat muffled, making my wonder whether he was kissing the new man, or licking his chest, or maybe going down on him. Sucking his stiff cock, left hand at the base, my right hand began exploring under his heavy balls. His reaction was exactly what one would have expected from a man that laid face down in a darkroom, a true ass slut wanting a man to fuck him.

Such dirty thoughts leading me to decide that it was time to do a hit from the available brown bottle. Normally, I don't use rush when giving head, but the opportunity to become as slutty as possible beckoned. Especially since unlike the last visit, this time, the rules were being followed as I filled my mouth with sexy cock. 

Finding the bottle took a bit longer than expected, but opening it two handed was easy enough, after wiping my left hand on a towel. Using suction to keep his cock within my mouth, needing to shift position to be able to take a clean hit. Even so, the bottle was not positioned well when breathing in at first. Leading to another, better hit, taking him deeper while inhaling, to make sure his sexy length did not leave my turned on mouth. Pausing to cap the bottle, head sinking while feeling sexy cock slide past my lips, taking him easily 3/4 of the way in.

Beginning to move up and down slowly, lungs filled with poppers, a sense of incredible power expanded throughout my being. A power based on pure sexual pleasure, one that all men understand, whether sucking or being sucked. My right hand held his sack, directing his cock as I finally breathed out. Letting the finger that had already touched his ass past my lips, licking it, knowing just how much he wanted a man to pleasure his willing hole.

As that wet finger slid past his pulsing ring, the power was incredible, knowing just how completely he was a slave to the pleasure, the moans obvious over the sounds of sucking. My moans could only be felt along his shaft as his leg rubbed along my cock, hips moving. 

Fully servicing hot cock, filling my mouth with something that only men possess, worshipping his extended length gratefully. Finding it possible to take him deep, repeatedly, feeling how his rod responded to my sucking. Lips and teeth and tongue riding up and down, hearing the sloppy sounds get louder the longer I went down on him.

Doing another hit seemed natural, though both hands needed to be wiped off on a towel first. Taking up the bottle, this time intending to share it, making the actions more obvious, breathing in loudly a couple of times before holding my breath. Concentrating on handing him the closed bottle, waiting until I heard him unscrew it before breathing out. Licking my finger again, swirling my tongue over it like a real bathhouse slut, coating it thoroughly, knowing how good it would feel sinking into his rush filled body.

Hearing him screw the top shut after a half dozen breaths, my mouth began to sink to the base of his sexy rod, finger pushing into his softly yielding ass with the same slow motion, my cock rubbing along his bare skin. The sounds of someone else sucking could be heard, along with low moans. Another man stretched out on the platform, his hand finding my head going down on a stranger. Probably very aware just how horny both of us were, the poppers flooding our entire being. 

This new man created a bit more focus actually, slowly recognizing just how good getting off in the dark was. Knowing that since I'd put a condom on the cock in my mouth before doing that first hit, there was no reason not to keep having fun like this, with an orgy slowly growing around us. Especially considering how in 4 out of 4 steambath opportunities during the last visit, I'd not used a condom as any of those willing strangers went down on an all too clearly exposed and willing cock. In part because once the bottle is opened, the aroma dissolves any ability to resist being overwhelmed by pure lust. 

Realizing, thankfully, that when it came to being the cocksucker, following the rules was easy enough. The new man's head neared mine, prompting me to offer him the chance to go down on a waiting wet cock. After his mouth replaced mine, I sat up, sweeping my hand to collect my things. Keeping the brown bottle handy after repositioning everything by touch near the back wall, at the division of the two vinyl mats. 

The new man had gotten on his knees for a better angle to go down on a turned-on stranger. Touching his hanging cock, its velvety stiffness confirming how horny he'd become. I drew his left hand to his shaft, then opened the poppers, doing another deep hit. Closing the bottle, I reached out to the new cock, discovering it was being sucked. Circling the shaft, thumb and finger touching the cocksucker's lips, feeling his tongue slide.

Exhaling, decadently fingering the new man's hole with the same slick finger as before. Luxuriously jerking off, taking in the dim scene, including at least one group and one pair, standing in the space between the building wall and platform.

Finger fucking the other man, feeling a hand begin to delightfully tweak my left nipple, unable to even figure out who was doing it as orgasm neared. Thoroughly entranced by the sensations, all enhanced by the rush making my cock and nipple the center of unending waves of pleasure. Barely aware of another body near mine, though the feeling of my other nipple being stroked and a tongue sliding along my ear were delightfully on the edge of overwhelming. 

I played with the new cocksucker's rod when he settled down on his knees. The man behind me began to stroke my thighs, making me hornier as his touch went closer to my balls. The sucked man shifted position, turning and raising himself to his knees, quickly taking hold of a stiff cock, putting into place for entry, unconcerned that it was bare. I watched as he began to be fucked by the third man, reaching back to play with the new man's cock, soon making it as hard as the others on the platform.

Another man stretched out along the further wall, not really a part of what was going on, though his hand touched mine as I stroked the fucked man's hard cock. Both of us roamed over his again bare cock, feeling the shared saliva that had run down his balls, touching the ass fucking man's cock and balls too, feeling them tighten as he went deeper. After so long in the low light, my eyes had finally adapted enough to provide images to go along with the sounds and bodily contact.

When that first ass fucker left, the man behind me shifted, apparently due to another partner finding him in the dark, the sounds of sighs and sucking starting. My jacking off kept me at a quivering peak, fingering my original partner's now fucked and more slippery ass, moaning and moving like a total slut, getting turned on as my finger went deeper into his just fucked ass, circling against his anal ring.

Who moved in response, twisting so that my finger left his hole. Facing me, hard cock against mine, he moved enticingly, body supported by his spread hands and feet. Sliding his ass along my cock, slowly tempting me to do something that was not going to happen. It felt really hot, but this was an absolute line personally, especially considering what I'd already seen.

A new man approached us, thankfully changing the sexual dynamic from a twosome to a threesome. A hand easily found my stiff dick, riding up and down its length in time with my own grip, a true distraction while sweeping the vinyl to gather my possessions. My original partner turned away, freeing my left hand to begin making another cock hard, likely the 6th or 7th of the day, as I'd been at the baths for 90 minutes already.

The new man laid on his back, legs toward the back wall, making it easy for the original man to begin to suck another stranger's cock. Stroking myself the entire time, I watched how he began to squat over another available bare cock, his own cock stiff. As he began to sink down, I reached out to touch his nipple. When he had the new man's cock completely inside his horny ass, starting to move up and down, my hand went down to play with his now bouncing length. 

Looking at the scene, it was close to one of my own fantasies, of being between two men. However, my own fantasies remain much more restrained than the explicit reality that kept me so close to orgasm, knowing that I'd started this entire sequence. The space had become filled with men having sex with each other, giving me a sense of smug satisfaction as the man being fucked began to skillfully play with my nipple.

Group sex like this remains irresistible to those who have experienced it more than once, though I try to keep within certain broad boundaries. Boundaries that continue to shift, admittedly, though not in such a sexy situation like this, where the rules remain firm. Being more in an observing than active role certainly playing its part, continuing to watch two men fucking, an aroused nipple being rubbed in rhythm with their rocking.

After an interval that was impossible to judge, the fucked man moved up and off, allowing the third man to leave. To be quickly replaced, another cock readily available to pleasure, a man from the other side - possibly a new man, or the same one from before. Again, he was fucked on hands on knees, the latest top reaching around to play with his bottom's hard cock. I tweaked a nipple, hearing him sigh after touching it with a slippery finger, the one I'd put in his mouth, that he sucked greedily. 

I kept looking around, openly jacking off, leaning back to get a better view. The pair also shifted, creating the first break of sexual contact since the man on his hands and knees entered the space. 

The change prompted me to look for my possessions, discovering just how poor my concentration had become. I located the condoms, wristband, and bag in a reasonable amount of time, but the bottle couldn't be found. Sitting in the dark, cock still in hand, considering its loss with mild regret at most, as this wouldn't have been the first missing bottle at sauna.

Now, no longer really in the orgy's flow, taking stock, still satisfied that none of my fun had crossed any lines. Well, apart from still wanting to play with the bareback ass slut so close, especially after watching him be fucked by multiple men, entranced by finding such a slutty partner. Getting a condom package ready, finding a towel wasn't possible. Creating the need for yet another bit of concentration. 

Concentration that dissolved as a soft tongue reached my inner thigh, tracing its way higher, creating sighs of anticipation the closer it came to whatever goal it wished. I moaned helplessly as it reached my hairy sack. Surrendering to an ass slut, one who knew just how to turn me on, his ball licking bringing me back into the sexual haze that continued to envelop him. Opening my legs, hand returning to my shaft.

As he licked my scrotum, another sensation slid its way into my horniness, making me moan before even realizing what was happening. His finger had begun lightly exploring my ass, words pouring from me - 'fuck yes, slut, lick my balls .. touch my hot ass .. so fucking good.' Soon moving my hips, making my interest inescapable, hole pulsing as he lightly circled it.

He shifted again, on his hands and knees, 90 degrees from his previous position, making reaching for his ass practical, as he undoubtedly intended. Sliding over his cheek, my fingers encountered a puddle of hot cum. A fact that did not stop me from putting my middle finger back into his waiting ass.

Leaning back to lay flat, I discovered the bottle in the crack where the two vinyl pads met, essentially underneath me. Placing the bottle where it could be easily found again, it became apparent that another man had started to fuck the man who had teabagged and teasingly played with my ass. 

Starting to get lost in fucking again, ass raised, still kneeling with his head between my legs, feeling the addictive motion of a cock went in and out of his hole. The other man withdrew after a fairly short time, causing the fucked man to return his attention to between my legs. 

Taking up the rush, waiting until his tongue began lightly flicking my balls to do a hit, his finger returning to my ass just after closing the bottle. His tongue began to tease my ass, a finger circled my nipple. Breathing out, he began to rim me. A sensation so perfect that my hand was unable to reach my cock, able to do nothing but let him lick my horny ass.

Recognizing my state, he pulled back a bit, though still in an ideal position to lightly tease the sensitive hairs underneath my sack. Unable to stop from touching myself, knowing that he could feel how my hand was moving over my length.

Still moaning, I got the bottle ready, taking my hand off my cock. Doing a hit, feeling his hand gliding over my bush, hand starting press over the root of my rod. His hand on my cock as I breathed out, tongue flicking the hairs circling my ass, I couldn't resist touching my cock again. Groaning, eyes closed, still attempting to keep from losing complete control, a finger reached my lips. I kissed and licked it, turned on knowing not only was I allowing him to put the finger he'd been using on ass in my mouth, there was no way for him to mistake my desire to suck anything he put in my wanting mouth.

Making me moan around it, as he began to circle against my tongue and cheeks, reminding me of just how hot it had been to do the same with his bigger cock. He withdrew it, causing me to follow it backwards, my sluttiness apparent, rewarding me by keeping his finger in my mouth. Jacking myself, finally deciding to fuck him, giving in to the temptation offered when he first came onto the platform next to me. 

Trying to open the condom package with slippery fingers was not possible, though tearing it with my teeth finally worked. I put the condom over my still three quarters hard cock, only to discover another man was there before I'd gotten ready, the ass slut now squatting over a laying man. Leading me to bring his cock to full hardness, like before, slippery ass settling over another man's naked length.

I'd lost count of whether this was his fifth or sixth or seventh man, only increasing my horniness in such a completely sexy situation. A condom still covered my cock, prompting me to stand up and step close to the face of the man riding a stranger. Not exactly demanding to be sucked, but thoroughly expecting it. He took the base of the shaft, guiding it between his lips while moving up and down, being filled by two strangers.

The sensation of getting blown as he fucked was incredible, utterly animal, causing to place my hands along the wall. Such support allowed me to sink completely into the feeling of my cock going into his mouth, standing over both men having sex underneath me. Normally, I do not make my desires so plain, but having a turned on bottom available proved to be more than sufficient temptation.
