 It had been barely a week since I had sucked off the cock of that man on the beach. Just thinking about it continued to excite me and if I was more demanding about my need for sex my wife didn't seem to think about it merely enjoying my intense need as I drove my cock into her writhing body. Yet even while I felt her body against mine I imagined his sun-bronzed body beneath mine and his cock between my lips and the taste of his salty cum in my mouth. 

If I could not have my wife I masturbated imaging that day the sun on our naked bodies and the intense guilty pleasure that I felt as he took my cock in his mouth. What was so frustrating was that I knew that I would probably never see him again or enjoy that pleasure with him again. I really felt a need to enjoy cock and feel of a male body even though I wanted to enjoy my wife's body. 

What that day also made me want was that I wanted to get fit again. To get my body if not slim at least as fit as it could be I joined a local gym. I did make sure it was one that had separate times for men and women and I was soon working out after having a routine organised for me. It was my third day there and since I did not need go to until later I went into the gym about 9.30 in the morning when it was almost empty or filled with a more mature clientele. 

I was dutiful and sweated my quota and to relax I made my way to the steam room. Usually I kept my swimsuit on since I did not know how the younger men would take to the fact I shaved the hair from next to my cock but given it seemed so quiet and that there was no rule against being naked in the wet areas I decided to be daring and only wrapped the towel about my waist until I dropped it to go into the pool.

The feel of the water against my naked skin as I did my laps in the pool was so daring it made me feel excited and it was with difficulty I did not masturbate as I took a quick shower after getting out of the pool before I headed to the empty steam room which had been my original intention. It was comforting to lie there naked on my towel and I soon found daydreamed about that day on the beach. 

I closed my eyes and I took my cock into my hand and slowly started to masturbate, almost immediately my cock rose to attention and I moved my hand up and down a little faster allowing the pleasure that pulsed in my body to grow. Then I realised that I was not alone in the room. 

Opening my eyes I saw a man sitting near me. He sat near me watching me with piercing gray eyes, a slight smile graced his lips and he was naked sitting on a towel. He was tanned a soft golden hue over a sweaty, toned muscular body. One hand also cradled his cock. I saw that he also shaved and I swung upwards so that I could sit up hiding my erection instead of being open to his gaze. 

He smiled and spoke in a pleasant manner," I hope I didn't startle you. You seemed to be having a good time there young man."

Looking at his face again and his hair I could make out fine lines and a few grey hairs and realised that he may be in his late fifties. He idly stroked his cock as he talked to me and I enjoyed the sight of its stirring. It was of a pleasing length not too small or too big and I wanted to touch this lovely instrument and put it into my mouth. Like his body it was golden though tipped with with a purple head that he circled with his thumb and forefinger. Just looking at it again made me want to take it between my lips as he took my cock in his mouth.

However he had his own ideas and instead made me sit next to him and spoke again.

"You have a lovely cock young man and I love the feel of smooth balls," he said with an excited relish.

As he spoke he reached over to me and took my cock in his hand. It seemed to burn with all the passion I felt and he held me firmly in his grasp. I felt my hand slip onto his cock and felt the pulsing of the blood through his flesh and at the base the smooth feeling of his shaved skin and rounded balls. He smelt musky and hot and I knew that I was hot and wanted his attentions. The sheer intimacy of his body excited me even without what he was doing to my body and I softly and slowly let my fingers slip up and down his cock. He was also stroking my cock and it felt wonderful to feel that hand where it was.

You could say literally by the balls and he massaged them softly. He was both exciting me and stopping me from cuming and he knew it. A lazy smile spread over his face as he stroked and teased me. While I being less experienced jerked my hand up and down hurriedly until he slipped his other hand over it and made me stroke him slowly.

"Lets enjoy this and take our time," he purred in my ear. 

I panted for the moisture laden air as concentrated on allowing my hand to rise and fall on that golden cock. I found that as I held off on my own orgasm I played with his golden shaft, every now and again my thumb would stroke over the slippery head touching the sensitive slit that split it. I knew when he did the same thing to me since it would send an intense thrill of pleasure surging through my body and sometimes I felt that I would shoot cum with that thrill. 

There were no words between us just the enjoying as we masturbated each other enjoying the pleasures of our bodies.

I don't know how long we were there perhaps a couple of minutes, perhaps it was longer as we tried to hold back until we could hold back no longer. I heard him groan first and then felt the spasm of his cock as a stream of cream erupted from his cock to shoot over his belly. I pulled at his skin strongly now trying to extract even a couple of those precious drops as he came. Then he stopped and his cock softened in my hand allowing me to cradle the soft cock and balls. His cum was on my hand and I raised it to my lips so that I could drink it down

Even as I did this he worked at my cock until I felt the surge of my cum shooting through that intensely sensitive passage and into the air. I felt it expelled from me as he squeezed each drop from me as I had done with him. Softening he held my cock and balls as I held his and then without another word he used his towel to wipe away the cum and without anymore words he left the steam room.

Dazed it took me a little time to recover and I soon slipped out of the room before having shower and heading home holding to another memory to join that one of what I did on the beach.