 I was at work one day when I heard a couple of co-workers talking. They were joking about a bathhouse that was in the town I lived in. I know they were making fun of those who frequented this place. It got me thinking. I had been having thoughts about men lately. I wondered what it would be like to have man sex.

I got the courage up one Saturday evening and I drove over to the bathhouse. I entered and I paid the fee. The attendant gave me a key for a locker to store my belongings and a got a large bath towel. I walked backed to the lockers and I got undressed and then stored my possessions. I walked out into the building and I saw what looked to be a sauna. I walked inside. There were two older men sitting on the benches. 

They were both naked. They didn't have their towels covering themselves. You couldn't say they were models. They did however have big cocks. My eyes went directly to their dicks and these men both smiled at me. I am twenty-seven and these guys had to be twice as old as me. I sat down on the bench across from both of them. I felt self conscious so I removed my towel from around my waist.

I got both of these men's attention. I didn't have long to wait before they both got up and motioned me to follow them. We walked down the hallway to a room that had a bed inside. These guys took hold of me and they had me bend over the edge of the bed. I was getting scared and worried. I had never done this before. I looked back and saw one of them stroking his long dick. He had to be close to nine inches in length. 

The next thing I felt was this man rubbing his prick up and down my crack. I had brought some condoms along but they were back in my locker. I soon felt a hard pinch as this man began to push his cock into me. I was so tight and it hurt. 

"He's tight as hell, Ron."

I could hear both of them laughing as this guy soon had his erect dick deep in my hole. My old lover put his hands on my shoulders and he began to pull me onto his erection. I never felt anything like that before. He soon started to fuck me as hard as he could. The other guy just stood there stroking himself and he watched his friend ram my virgin ass. He must have pounded my hole for fifteen minutes or so and then he pulled out. 

His friend then took his turn on me. He pushed into my bottom with one hard thrust. I was screaming as both of these men took turns on me. The second guy drilled my hole and then I heard him grunt. I next felt his warm cum entering my belly. He must have cum for at least five minutes when his buddy took over. It went a little easier this time around. My ass was filled with cum and my second lover rammed me as hard as he could.

My lover reached around and took hold of my dick. I was rock hard. The both must have been hitting my prostate just right. I arched my back and took the fucking of a lifetime. He got me so worked up that I ended up shooting my load. My cum must have squirted a good couple of feet. That must have been the tipping point for the second guy. I felt him blast me with his load of man seed.

He pumped that fat cock into my ass until I felt him go soft. He finally pulled out of my sore hole. I could feel cum dripping out of my ass. I looked down and saw wads of cream pooling on the floor. We weren't quite done. The one man spun me around and he pushed me down onto my knees. I was made to take each one's cock in my mouth. These guys slid their cocks deep down my throat. They both managed to cum a little more and I was made to drink their spunk. 

When they finished me off they took their towels and cleaned off their slimy dicks.

"I hope you decide to pay us another visit," one of them said to me.

Off they went. I stood up and sat down on the edge of the bed. I tried to push out as much of their steamy cum from my body as was possible. I gathered my wits and my towel and I walked back to the locker room. I showered and then dressed myself. I got out to my car and I sat there for a few minutes.

I never bargained for that. My ass was so inflamed from the fuckings I took from those two. I drove home and I stripped out of my clothes. I got onto the bed and I tried to compose myself. I placed a towel under my ass. I was still oozing cum from my hole. I finally drifted off to sleep for the night. When I woke up the next morning I replayed the previous night's events.

I had let two older men fuck me raw. I didn't know who they were or if they were clean or not. My first time with men and they both fucked me and shot their loads of cum in my ass and mouth. I kept thinking about what had happened. In the back of my mind I knew I would be paying another visit to that bathhouse.