 I was deeply lost in the lush sensations of a stranger's mouth around my naked cock, being sucked while leaning back against the wall of the darkroom. Irresistible pleasure, overwhelming any concern about the fact that this was the second man going down on me, as I sucked off the first man who had captured my cock so perfectly. 

The darkroom had been not empty when I entered, hand stretched out when approaching the edge of the platform. The sound of a body shifting on the yielding vinyl preceded my hand sliding along a naked man's thigh by just a couple of seconds. My towel, condoms, and black bag were soon put away to the side, as the man changed position, hand easily finding my swelling cock.

This was my second time in the darkroom this Friday afternoon. The first had been disappointing, spending several minutes exploring a laying man's body, without any reaction on his part. He remained motionless, causing me to lose all desire to continue. Some may find such pure passiveness enticing, but it just left me uninterested.

Now, checking the darkroom a last time before leaving, I'd clearly found willing partners. The expansive platform provides plenty of space for men to stretch out, and the edge of the platform is at an ideal height to stand in front of. 

We were playing with each other's cock and nipple, the darkness enhancing and focusing the physical sensations, undistracted by sight. Surrounded by a sense of privacy, making it easy to indulge in whatever desires one wishes in what is often a room full of horny men. A new man approached me from behind, his hand fondling my exposed nipple while his other hand reached down, finding my stroked cock, joining in.

However, when he began to push against my exposed ass, I twisted away a bit, having no interest in that sort of play at all. A hint that he ignored, pushing again. I turned, and his hands went to my hips, attempting to pull me against him. By this point, I moved my back against the wall, putting a knee on the platform, forcing an obviously clueless stranger to accept the fact of my utter disinterest in whatever he wanted to do.

Without needing to interrupt what was going on between me and the first man, as we kept jacking each other off. After a moment, the standing man moved away into the darkness. 

Oddly, he was not the first such unaware man in the baths today. At the start of the afternoon, I'd gone to the hot tub. A man was in the still water, a bit heavier and a bit younger, also wearing glasses. Entering, then sitting down next to him, it took little time to turn him on.

As we masturbated each other, he began to increase the pace, bringing me to the edge of orgasm. Placing my left hand on his, I slowed him down. A pause that lasted for only a bit, as he began to pump me again. After several more clear signals about him needing to be more restrained, I actually started using my right hand, taking it away from his cock. Even then, he still seemed incapable of understanding what he was being told, wordlessly.

When the central jet started, I left. Looking at him a final time, he seemed disappointed, without a trace of awareness of his ineptness at understanding what his partner wanted. The hot tub is not a place for semen, after all, and not being able to realize that fact approaches being uncivilized - or a bathhouse beginner, more charitably. 

Chance is always in play at a bathhouse, with a wide range of tastes and interests. Having found a comfortable spot in the darkness to settle into, I sank deeper into the welcoming mindlessness of enjoying sex with a man. The stranger next to me was playing with my nipples as I jerked off, moaning, my left hand sliding underneath his flared cockhead, fingertips at his balls.

A man pressed against my dangling leg, his hand soon running along my thigh. He began to circle the root of my cock, his curled grip slowly rising underneath my now slack hand. Soon, turned on by both strangers, I was playing with the new man's cock too. My mind was lost in a wonderful fog, seeing nothing of what we were doing in the blackness.

It was impossible to keep track of what we were doing to each other, the sort of subtle warning signal that was easy to ignore, my desires overwhelming any distant concerns. The condoms were still easily at hand, a fact that quickly became an excuse to just drift deeper into the pure male pleasure of gay group sex. 

I was rubbing the standing man's cockhead against my nipple when my cock became surrounded in warm pleasure, slowly expanding in glorious intensity. At first, it was impossible to do anything but let it happen, as more of my cock was engulfed in yielding bliss. I heard myself moaning, bringing back a tiny amount of awareness, beginning to wonder just what was going on between my legs that felt so perfect.

The first thought rising from the bliss was that it could have been a hand making my cock feel so good. No reason to stop in that case, providing more time to actually figure out what was happening. Time that was growing more difficult to keep track of. My cock was finally getting what it had wanted for so long, even if my mind remained determinedly uncertain about what precisely was happening. Especially as I began anticipating getting sucked off, knowing that it would be so easy to do nothing. 

Only as my bliss began to plateau did the realization form that my cock was being sucked by the man I was still jacking off. Who had expertly positioned himself in the darkness. His approach had been subtle, neither breath nor wetness betraying what his mouth was doing to my rod. Unbelievably seductive, using a man's intimate awareness of just how helpless another man becomes in the mouth of a willing cocksucker.

Which he most certainly was. A desire my still uncovered cock completely agreed with, finally indulging in a rare treat, making me give in to animal instinct. Deciding that by this point, there was no reason not to enjoy myself further, my distracted stroking providing him an unmistakable indication of how much I wanted him to keep sucking me, along with a way to measure just how turned on his mouth made me.

As the standing man moved away, I slumped back, thighs open as a stranger went down on me, barely aware that someone else had moved close. Awareness that followed a rising wave of horniness, a stranger's hand adding itself to what was happening, circling the base of my sucked cock. Another hand began to play with my nipple, making me sink into a world of purely male sex, all of us erect. 

We weren't the only extended group in the blackness, a reality just adding to the shared background horniness. It was so good to sucked, reminding me why sometimes, giving in to a man is the best thing possible. Another hand joined mine at the base of cocksucker's shaft, locking us into a slow feedback loop of cock pleasures leading us closer to orgasm. 

The new man went to the platform, beyond my reach, as the man that had been so perfectly sucking me rose, standing in front of me. Keeping a hand on his stiff rod the entire time, confident in knowing precisely whose sexy cock I'd be sucking. My left hand quickly found my condoms, opened one, sliding it over the tip of his cock, fingers unrolling it as my mouth followed the latex down. 

My skill at using condoms is more than equal that of any man who has wanted to suck me without one, as only a single man in several years has actually rejected my advances after the condom has begun to cover his cock. The same man that rejected me using a condom on my own cock, it must be noted, making him at least consistent, if not exactly smart. And though that ended our encounter then, any man familiar with the difference between sex with and without a condom could at least understand his consistency.

Soon, my mouth surrounded his swelling cock, my circled fingers keeping the condom tight as I drew his growing cock further into my mouth, my lips beginning to make sloppily wet noises as I went down on him. My nose felt his bush as I went down on his rigid shaft.

A hand had been stroking my slick cock as I began sucking off a stranger, likely the new man sliding his hand over the slipperiness left by the previous man. It took little time after the pleasure began to overwhelm me again to realize that I was getting sucked off again, horny cock still naked, still loving being sucked so nakedly. With a certain sense of bemusement, I decided that two strangers were enough, and if a third went man down on me, then it'd be the time to use a condom.

Clarity became a confused concept, as the pure desire to cum overrode any rational concerns about surrendering myself so completely. But the opportunity to have uncovered contact with other men was at easily at hand, especially in a familiar bathhouse, essentially the most straightforward place possible for men to get off with each other. The reality that I was giving in to, my ass being touched by a probing finger, my cock in a wet mouth, both my hands grasping hard cocks. The man I was sucking began to thrust, and it seemed as if another man was standing behind him.

However, before it was possible to be sure what was happening, the standing man moved away from my mouth, most likely either because he did not want to cum or because he did not want to be fucked in the ass. Something understandable in either case. The bathhouse is a place where one learns the importance of exerting one's will when someone does something you don't want, and how restraint can lead to a much longer period to enjoy all the varieties of sex with other available men.

By now, I was in a paradise of male lust, my cock being sucked as my nipples were again played with. Due to my back being against a wall, it was somewhat possible to keep an overview of what was going on, even if the details were impossible to retain.

The best group sex involves everyone, a state shared among the group. The feel of another man's head as he sucks you, the touch of a stranger's tongue on your neck, the discovery of other hard cocks to stroke - the images fleeting, just part of the sexual wave carrying us along.

The man standing next to me, my right hand tweaking his nipple as he jacked himself off, went over the edge, his words and actions turning completely slutty, his hot cum spraying itself over my legs and thigh. He was quickly replaced after moving away, my hand easily finding the new man's hard cock as his fingers found my nipple.

Soon, doing my best to lead his cock to mine, uncaring that his cock was uncovered, my cock began to go deeper, unable to stop from moving my hips. The new man did not quite allow his cock to reach mine, and soon, my hands on both sides of my cocksucker's head, it didn't matter.

The sounds of wet lips and moaning had been filling the room for a while, and not only from us. A nipple and my hole were being played with, but it was the glorious cocksucking that had me completely in its spell. Orgasm was rising, my words a signal of what was going to happen. 'Oh yeah ... mouth fucking ... cock lover .. mouth fucker' and similar words poured out of me. 

Making me hornier, the words were the last semi-conscious action as my cock swelled. My words grew sluttier, no longer caring who heard - 'I love men .. suck me .. mouth fucking .. man sex .. I love men .. mouth fucking .. fill your mouth .. cocksucker .. fuck mouth.' The sound of a sloppy mouth and my thrusting filled the space, as a man played with my nipple.

The pleasures merged as my wetness pumped into his, his swallowing matching my pulsing jets of cum as I groaned like a slut, in a space full of them.