 I was on the varsity baseball team as a freshman in college. I guess I was pretty hot shit, if I do say so myself. I was an All-Star shortstop in high school, and broke a school hitting record by the time I was a sophomore. I was being heavily recruited by both college and pro teams by the end of my junior year, and I had no shortage of dates with pretty girls. I lived in a relatively small town, and sex was pretty much accepted as the weekend pasttime. I was as horny as any high school guy, I guess, so I'd had my fair share of pussy by the time I graduated.

I had already decided to go to college and get an education instead of going pro right out off high school, so by the time I had my stuff packed, it was time to head of and begin working out with the other new guys on the team. Most of them came from big cities with big schools and big egos...but I let my playing do the talking for me. Within a few days, I had made a lot of friends and was feeling right at home.

One day after practice, coach came in and told the team that a high school team upstate wanted to scrimmage against the freshmen, so we were to pack up our gear and get ready to leave town the next morning. We were all pretty excited - our first road trip, and freshmen only. I looked over at my roommate, Chad (who was the center fielder) and grinned. Going out of town meant out-of-town pussy with no obligations, and we were all for it.

We had all talked about the girls we'd fucked in high school, and naturally, most of the stories were bullshit. One night, the seniors got together and bought us four cases of beer, and we stayed up all night making up stories about the sex we'd had and cracking each other up with our lies. 

On the bus, headed out of town, we all joked about the team we were going to play. Apparently, they had won the state championship the year before, and their coach wanted to start off the year showing his new bunch how tough it was. It was easy for us to forget that we had just been in high school ourselves, only a few months earlier.

When we arrived at the field to warm up and get in some practice, it was a relief to finally be able to stretch. I had to pee so badly that I could hardly walk, so I headed right for the bathroom. Cliff, the first baseman, came with me, and we both groaned in relief as we were finally able to empty our throbbing bladders.

"Fuck", I said, stretching my back and trying not to spray piss everywhere.

"You said it, man," Cliff said. "That was one long-ass bus ride."

"What time is the game tomorrow?" I asked.

"2:00, I think, but we have to be at the field by twelve to warm up and shit."

"Excellent. That will give us time to go out and see what's what tonight," I said, thinking ahead to maybe sinking my dick into a nice tight pussy. 

Cliff laughed. "Yeah, maybe so," he said, zipping up. "Just be careful where you dip your wick, farm boy." He walked past me and slapped me on the ass as he went by.

I went into the locker room and started getting into uniform, and Chad came over and sat down next to me.

"Hey," he said. "You and Cliff were in the john together for a long time. What's up?"

Startled, I looked over at him. "What?"

"Come on, man. I'm your roomie, you can tell me."

"Tell you what, you fucker?" I asked, starting to feel strange about his comments.

"Man, Cliff is a fag, didn't you know? You guys disappeared into the john and he walked out with a big hard on and a smile on his face. So what gives?"

"Fuck!" I said, standing up and throwing my batting glove on the ground. I started looking for Cliff, and Chad got up and grabbed my arm.

"Brian, take it easy, for fuck's sake," he said.

"What did that asshole say about me?" I asked furiously.

"He didn't say anything, Brian. Come on, man, it's no big deal. He's come on to everyone on the team at some point already. Just blow it off like the rest of us did."

"The rest of you?" I asked, looking at him in surprise. "He came on to you?"

"Fuck yeah. I got a fucking good blow job out of it, too, come to think of it."

I was startled. "What?" I asked. "When did this happen?"

"Shit, about a week after we all got to school. I was the last one out of the locker room and he jumped at me from behind the door. Scared the shit out of me."

"Wha..?" I said, still in shock. "Then what?"

"Well, I thought I was being attacked, so I started swinging. I guess that turned him on, because he finally got me down and I could feel his cock against me. It was hard, man. Hard as a fucking rock, and HUGE. He had me pinned down, and he just looked at me and started rubbing his cock against me. That fucker is STRONG, man. I couldn't get away from him. He told me he'd keep things quiet if I let him blow me so I figured, what the fuck?"

"No shit!" I said, fascinated in spite of myself. 

"Yeah. He told me to just close my eyes and pretend like he was a girl, so I did."

"Well, what then? He just unzipped you and went for it?"

"Yeah, pretty much. He unzipped my pants and pulled them down, then started stroking my pole. I tried to imagine some chick, but honestly? Knowing it was a fucking guy doing it was really something. It was like, nasty, you know?"

I just nodded at him, not saying a word.

"Anyway, he got me hard and sucked me off, and I fucking came so hard I think some went to the ceiling."

"No fucking way!" I exclaimed.

"Oh yeah," he said. "He was pretty good at it, too."

"So has he done it again?" I asked.

"Fuck no! I'm no goddamned fag," he said. "Come on, man, we're late."

He got his glove and headed out the door. I stood there for a minute, still in shock, then followed him out the door.

Practice pretty much sucked. All I could think about, for some reason, was Cliff sucking Chad's cock. When I looked at my teammates, sitting around laughing and joking around like they always do, I couldn't help but wonder who else Cliff had come on to, and if they had let him do anything to them. More disturbingly, I found myself wondering why he hadn't approached me, and was confused at how much it bothered me. 

Coach pulled me from practice after I'd made my third fielding error, yelling at me to get my head out of the clouds and quit fucking around. Frustrated, I headed for the weight room that was next to the locker room and tried to work out my confusion. It amazed me how long practice seemed when I wasn't involved in it.

After a while, I heard the other guys coming in, shouting at each other and calling each other names.

"Hey Brian," one of the players yelled,"you too good to practice with the rest of us, or what?"

"Fuck off," I said, and instead of being mad, all I could think of was, had Cliff sucked his cock, too? 

"Fuck this shit," I said, and went out to the bus without having a shower. The guys all came out after a while, and finally, we headed off to the hotel.

Most of the guys were going to meet in the lobby and go out on the town, but I was fed up with their joking and decided to go upstairs. I had a hot shower, then got into bed and turned on the TV. Flicking through the channels, I came across a movie with a guy going down on a chick, and even though all the good parts weren't shown, I could imagine, and my cock started to stiffen. I knew that was the solution to my tension, so I reached under the sheets and started stroking my dick through my boxer shorts.

"Fuck," I moaned, my dick hard and throbbing. I lifted up my hips and slid my shorts down and off, then left the sheet off and looked down at my cock. I have to admit, I really loved my cock. I had always thought it was nicely shaped, and the girls who had either stroked me or sucked me agreed. I started stroking again, leaning my head back and closing my eyes. I imagined a beautiful woman wrapping her hand around me and stroking, touching the tip of my hard cock with her tongue just before she...

...then, without warning, her hand became Cliff's hand, and her mouth became Cliff's mouth. My eyes jerked open, and I sat up, looking wildly around the room. 

"What the fuck?" I said, looking at my cock. It was still rock hard, and I could feel the churning in my stomach that meant I was going to cum hard and fast. I sat there for a minute, then slowly, I took my cock in my hand again and started stroking. This time, I sat up and watched my hand as it moved up and down my cock. I had never really watched myself jack off before, and seeing the way my hand squeezed and stroked it was really turning me on. I found myself wondering if being stroked like that by Cliff would feel the same, and suddenly, my cock exploded, shooting cum all over my chest and face.

"Oh FUCK!" I groaned, lying back and gasping for breath. I laid there for a while, then got up and had another shower and fell asleep as soon as I got back into bed.

I was having the most incredible dream. I was in bed with the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen, and she was running her hands lightly up and down my back just the way I liked it. I moaned, and she reached around and took my cock in her hand and began to rub it gently.

"Mmm yes," I moaned. "Just like that, baby." My cock was incredibly hard, and her hand was stroking gently, squeezing lightly at the head, then sliding back down.

"Baby, what's that?" I heard myself ask. I felt something hard up against my back, and I pressed against it.

"Ohh," she moaned behind me...and I woke up with a start. That was no woman's voice in my ear.

"What the..?" I asked, struggling to wake up.

"Shhh..." said the voice in my ear. "Just relax and let it happen," he whispered.

"Chad?" I asked, incredulous, reaching down and grabbing his hand to make him stop. 

"Mmm," he hummed, his mouth against the back of my shoulder. "Relax, don't think about it."

"Ohh fuck," I groaned, and took my hand from his, reaching behind me and touching him. He was naked, and so was I. I guess I'd forgotten to put my boxers back on after my shower. I was lying on my side and Chad was right up against me, and I could feel his hard cock poking against my ass. He had his arm around me and his big hand around my cock, and it was amazing how good it felt. His skin was rough and his hand was strong, and the friction against my cock was like electricity going through me. He started jacking me off slowly, his teeth gently pressing against my shoulder. I leaned back and relaxed, and pulled him closer to me with my free hand. 

"Fuck, Brian," he moaned, stroking a little faster. "I've been thinking about your cock all night."

I couldn't speak at all, and my hips started thrusting in rhythm with his strokes. He was apparently very skilled at giving hand jobs, and I found myself wondering who else he had done this for. He would stroke me with long, deep strokes and get my hips moving slowly, then would move a little faster, then slow down and squeeze. I could feel my orgasm building, and I knew it was going to be a gusher.

"Wait," I gasped, putting my hand over his. "I don't want to cum yet."

"No? Why not?" he asked, slowing down, but not letting go.

"I..." I swallowed. "I want to feel your cock, too," I said, my voice hoarse.

"Well, come on then," he said, and turned over onto his back. I turned to face him, and realized the sheets were totally off the bed. I must have kicked them off at some point, and could only imagine his reaction when he came in and saw me naked on the bed.

His cock was huge, and was so hard it was lying flat against his hard stomach. I had seen his body so many times, either in our room or in the locker room, but I had never really paid attention to it. He was a big guy, not an ounce of fat on him. His stomach looked rock hard, as did the rest of him. I was seeing him in a whole new way now, that's for sure.

I reached out and put my hand around his cock, and he closed his hand over mine tightly. 

"Squeeze it, man. I like it hard," he said. I tightened my grip until he moaned through his teeth, and he kept his hand on mine and started jerking his cock hard. I let him manipulate my hand but kept my grip on him, and soon his cock became slick with his juices.

"Ohhh yesss," he moaned, and he let go of my hand and put his hands behind his head, his eyes closed. "Come on, Brian, let me have it," he said through gritted teeth. His legs were open wide and his balls were hanging, flopping up and down as I jerked his cock even harder. I shifted so I could get a better grip and started stroking hard and fast, watching his stomach heave and his legs tighten just before he came. 

"Ohhh FUCK!!" he yelled, his cock jerking in my hand, cum everywhere. My own cock was throbbing, and Chad sat up suddenly, and pushed me , then climbed on top of me and held me down.

"Chad, what the fuck?" I yelled, struggling to get out from under him. I could feel his cock rubbing against mine, growing hard again. 

"Don't worry, I'm not going to pop your cherry tonight, Bri. Doesn't this feel fucking good, though?"

"Fuck yes...but I thought you said you weren't a goddamn fag," I said, gasping, my head spinning at the feel of our cocks rubbing together.

"I'm not. I just like fucking with men, that's all," he said.

We both burst out laughing, then he slid down suddenly and took my cock in his mouth.

"Oh my GOD!" I yelled. Chad's mouth took my cock deeper than any woman ever had, and his tongue ran the entire length of it. He sucked and licked and stroked, and I found myself grabbing the back of his head and raising my hips, jamming my cock in as deep as I could. He didn't back off an inch, just let me fuck his mouth until I grabbed his hair to pull him away.

He sucked me harder, and I gasped, "Chad, I'm going to fucking cum."

He responded by sucking me harder, and I heard myself yell as I came so hard, it felt like I was spraying from my toes. He sucked me until I was dry, then we both fell back, exhausted, breathing hard, covered in sweat.

"Shit," I said. "What the fuck now?"

To be continued...