 The first touch was heavenly, a light stroke of a stranger's hand over one foot, followed a quivering moment later by his hand beginning to touch the other in the same way. A low moan escaped as his hands moved upwards, legs inexorably opening wider in anticipation. His fingers ran expertly over my sensitive hair and skin, only slowly moving higher, causing my pressed cock to grow against the towel, making me ever hornier.

He was skillfully turning me on, taking the lead as I lay passively in the cabin, eyes closed, overwhelmed by how intense it was to have my explicit desire be accepted. Only a couple of times in the last years have I experimented with laying in a cabin with an open door, head facing away from the door, near the rear wall of the padded space. And then each time, after a short interval without any passersby, getting back up, overwhelmed by a certain feeling that such an explicit invitation to have my ass fucked was not something to do, even in a place where men fuck other men. As I have several times in these same booths.

There also existed a certain hesitation, wondering if my ass would be fuckable in another man's eyes, whether providing another man such a clear signal concerning possibility of putting his cock in me was the right thing to do. It is certainly not always successful in terms of time - I have seen men in the same passive position and booth for more than a half hour at a stretch. 

Today, though, my luck appeared excellent, having only been laying for just a couple of minutes after arranging my towel and supplies. Condoms, poppers, and lube near the right rear corner, the black bag holding more condoms and a camera. I was hoping to use it after what has become an extended pause in shareable pictures. In part because of a couple of refusals, though in larger part due to my tastes running in a group direction for months - neither the darkroom with its row of gloryholes nor the steam room are suitable for photography - or even carrying the camera inside of.

His erotic touching followed an intriguing pattern - faster than merely teasing, but also with pauses that left me moaning for more, opening my legs, hand straightening my sensitive and growing cock, pointing downwards towards him. His hands stroked the hair along my inner thighs, ran over my ass, and soon, his fingers began to brush along the tip of my now exposed cock. The turn-on was unstoppable, knowing that by this point, he had thoroughly taken me up on my offer to be fucked, bringing me to a state of extreme horniness merely as a prelude.

An interlude that grew ever more heavenly, something tantalizing touching between my ass cheeks. While it happened, I was fairly certain it must be a beard, having kept my eyes closed as a strange man had expertly started to make me his willing fuck partner. The truth of not having looked at him at all was part of a new kinky thrill filling me, bringing anonymous sex to an entirely different level. One that my bi friend has described regarding her own tastes in such a style of sex, one she considers fully submissive.

Something I was beginning to understand as his hands roamed over my body before concentrating their motion on my ass, a brief sensation of his breath as the only hint of his starting to kiss my willing ass cheeks. Something he did not do for long, as his tongue soon touched my hole, exposed by his gripping hands spreading my crack wider. Of course I positioned myself to provide his tongue full access, my cock not quite too stiff for him to pull it backwards, his touch exquisite as he rubbed its length before sliding his fingertips over my cock head, then just underneath the ridge. Feeling his tongue slide over my balls before it reached the base of my shaft, moaning helplessly, as he duplicated the motions he had just done with his fingers, slowly running his tongue over the head and under the flared ridge, taking me into the heaven of his cocksucking mouth. 

At some point, his mouth and hand withdrew, leaving me a panting slut as I felt his body mount the platform. When his steps reached the rear wall, I opened my eyes without lifting my head, confirming his location, and seeing his feet to each side, his front facing me. Eyes still closed, I rose up, wanting to make him as horny as I, knowing that going down on him was one way to ensure that. Opening my eyes just long enough to fix the position of his magnificently aroused cock before letting my lips slide over it. The feeling was enhanced by the fact that my eyes remained shut, with the last thinking part of my mind amazed at what a devoted cock slut the rest of me was becoming, willingly surrendering to the pleasure, hearing him moan in delight after taking him ever deeper into my mouth. 

His hands wrapped themselves over my head, hips starting to move now as he started using my willing mouth for his own pleasure, my own cock stiff as I began to jack myself off. His cock seemed similar to my own, meaning that its size was a bit of a challenge. After a long period of trying to deep throat him, it was time to go to the next step, including at least broaching the subject of pictures, my hand having found the black bag as my mouth reluctantly left his cock. 

I looked at his face for the first time, seeing how turned on he was, unable to keep this a completely anonymous encounter, no longer able to keep my own desires concealed. Including a desire to make pictures of me getting fucked by another man. There is a real kinky pleasure in being photographed while having sex, one much greater in the moment than the pleasure of actually looking at them afterwards. Having someone else do the picture taking means being able to concentrate fully on whatever is happening, without worrying about any privacy concerns.

In my experience, men either reject picture taking completely, often followed by leaving promptly, or they care nothing about privacy. This is still the best way to make an offer in my opinion, leaving the decision in another person's hands. But as soon as a couple of pictures are made, nobody cares about privacy while being sucked, going cock to cock, kissed, fingered, or even fucked. 

He agreed to the request with a certain bemusement, pivoting a bit to lean against the left hand wall. After handing him the camera, I did my first hit from the magic brown bottle, a process that did not go perfectly, as he pressed the on/off switch instead of the correct button, taking us a moment to get things working properly. Nonetheless, he was ready to make pictures as I finally breathed out, easily taking him deep as the flash went off several times, documenting my mouth pleasuring another man's naked hard cock.

After several pictures, he let the camera drop to the platform, his hands finding my nipples as he began pumping his cock into my mouth. My hands roamed over his ass cheeks, his motions showing his interest in having my fingers explore his crack. Leaving my lips just at the end of his cock, I began to tease his quivering asshole, sensing his satisfaction. He soon sighed, unable to keep from holding my head as he moved like a sexy slut, hips thrusting as he pressed down on my circling finger, forcing it past his soft entrance as his cock started to lose itself in mouth fucking. 

At some point, he moved again, straddling my face as his head lowered itself onto my hard cock, brushing my stroking hand out of the way. He was as skilled at cocksucking as he had been by his first caresses, turning me on fantastically before we started 69ing, touching each other intimately, including ass holes. Enjoying his oral response as he reacted to my finger again teasing and circling his clearly desiring hole. Unsurprisingly, his lips and tongue soon returned to rimming my turned on ass, reminding me just why I had laid face down in a booth in a sauna full of men who have sex with other men. 

The pleasure led to further desire, causing me to fumble around right handed, clumsily getting out the lube, and finding a condom. By this point, I had become quite sweaty, unsurprisingly. The sauna tends to get very warm on hot summer days, which is a major reason why there exists a 40% discount on August weekdays. Which turns out to be cheaper than the discounted punch card for 10 visits for those days, with the punch card discount still better on weekends with their full admission price. The savings from the 10 admission deal pretty much covers the cost of a cold beer per visit, though I have only started buying such tickets in the last year or so, another pragmatic admission of how impossible it is to resist the delights available at the baths.. 

My motions led him to taking charge, putting on the condom then opening the lube, both of us getting ready to fuck, including the camera. He guided my thighs over his, providing a perfect change to take a couple of pictures of his covered cock as it entered me, first with a horny cock as his slippery hand jacked it, with the next image being of my fingers around his shaft as he entered me.

This was only my second time experiencing anal sex as a bottom, and unlike the first time, his cock was comparable to mine. Though I tried to take it slow, and the lube helped, he soon started really fucking. Sometimes with a bit of pain, sometimes with an insanely delightful feeling of being filled by a man's sexy cock. Also unlike the first time, he often brushed my hand from my hard cock, forcing my to concentrate on what he was doing.

A mixed blessing, as sometimes, the intensity was all consuming, while other times the pain began to grow. We had already been fucking for a while before I did a hit of rush. Its effects were not extraordinary, but certainly added to my slutty pleasures. At some point, he had me on my hands and knees, offering the chance to meet his fucking cock with my own motions.

At its best, this second experience of anal sex was unbelievably addictive in how good it felt, At its worst, the experience provided undeniable proof that a cock cares nothing about anything but its own pleasure. Forcing me to be surprisingly forceful at times to keep the pain growing beyond a tolerable level. This continued easily more than a half hour, until he finally pumped the condom full of cum. 

He took off the condom and cleaned up a bit. I was still in an utterly slutty state, so I took his cock in my mouth again, sucking him as he tried to leave. An effort rewarded by having his cock grow harder, though in the end, he resisted temptation, finally breaking the spell and leaving the booth.

It took me a bit to simply return to earth, amazed at how perfectly so many elements had come together, even if my cock hadn't cum at all.