 It had been a somewhat slow paced visit, though after the 15 minute orgy in the steamroom, things had definitely improved. The steamroom is one of the better places to have sex with strangers at the baths, in large part because it happens so reliably in the dim dampness, undoubtedly since sweaty naked bodies are easily tempted. This time involved multiple men almost from the start, including a good number of hits from the brown bottle as two men shared my cock while I played with their cocks and nipples, bending my head to lick necks and ears.

Sweaty sex is always fun, bodies sliding so easily against each other, but staying in the steambath does have a time limit. A variable one depending on circumstances such as how hot it is, in either sense. I have visited bathhouses where the room temperature is simply too high to enjoy for more than a few minutes, but this bathhouse has a generally more moderate temperature range. One that allows more time to enjoy whatever arises when a group of naked horny men start playing in the enveloping humidity and low light. 

A male only sauna involves lots of the sort of contact that visitors to a public mixed sauna generally avoid. In part, because hard cocks are such a clear indicator of horniness - women in public are much luckier in this regard. In larger part because a male only sauna is the sort of place that men interested in having sex visit, often finding themselves becoming devoted visitors, unable to imagine anything but a sexual free for all. 

To the extent that years ago, still a more or less baths beginner, I had a conversation with a gay man at the bar of a bathhouse when in another city. One where I explained the etiquette involving mixed public saunas, even among married couples such as I was then. This seemed to leave him somewhat confused, not only due to the couple of beers we'd drank together. A male only sauna certainly offers many of the amenities found in a mixed sauna, but it is also a place to have sex. 

In reality, mixed saunas are a place where sex is suppressed, reasonably enough. Much of that suppressing is due to the wishes and presence of women, understandably. But to the gay man I was talking to, who had never visited a straight sauna, the idea of not being able to enjoy sex as part of visiting a sauna was simply difficult to comprehend. After years of experience of visiting the baths, I do understand his perspective, but gay and bi are not the same thing. 

Leaving the steam room, I showered off, playing with my soapy cock for a bit, then took a quick dip in the whirlpool to cool off. In the summer, the whirlpool tends to be less of a hot tub, so to speak. During that time, a couple of men entered, one starting to stroke my cock after a bit of preliminary foot play and delightful thigh stroking as he slid closer on the smooth bench. I did the same to him, realizing that this was the first time in at least a couple of months to enjoy jacking off in the water. However, when the central jet started, the splashing was too much to put up with, causing me to dry off and head upstairs.

As often, and still somewhat mysteriously, happens, upstairs was essentially empty, apart from one closed video cabin door across from the porn room entranceway. 

Looking in at the porn, I was amazed to see a female form, for only the second time here in a half decade. A couple was running stairs outdoors at a sea or river side park. Two men were watching above a path - though their attention was obviously just for the man. The woman was in thin and smooth clothes, with a tight sports bra that revealed sexy nipples, somewhat erect after their bouncing treatment each time she went up the steps. Jogging back down, her hips and bouncing ass captured my full attention.

I spread out the towel, stroking a rigid cock as the pair continued to exercise for a couple of minutes, intercut with the two men discussing how sexy the man looked. One reason I consider myself bi is that when given a chance to watch a man and a woman, my attention focuses on the woman. Unless the man is hard, in which case, my attention is easily captured by such an obvious signal of availability.

Unsurprisingly, the woman soon left the scene as the day's exercise wrapped up, with the two onlookers inviting the male runner to go with them. I gathered things up at this point, leaving to look in at the other porn booths, where nothing interesting was playing in their empty spaces. Returning to the porn room, the scene had shifted to showing the three in a fairly obvious red lit gay bar/baths/hook up space, at least from now years long personal experience of such. 

The actors were drinking, enjoying flirting in a male only space, yet fully dressed and not touching, offering nothing interesting in what seemed to be some remarkably slow paced porn, even though the woman in it had certainly turned me on, being bi, not exclusively gay. Sex with men is certainly hot, but the female form continues to attract my attention in almost all settings outside of the baths. Or even inside, this being only the second time over a half decade of watching porn here that a woman was shown. And the first time wearing sexy clothing that revealed her nipples and sexy breasts, showing off her rounded ass while going up and down the steps, a view that had kept my cock half hard till now. 

Taking time to explore the dark room did not change the fact that nothing was happening. Back in the porn room, after seeing that around a quarter of hour had passed, now pleased that the scene had at least advanced enough to see that the men had started kissing and caressing each other at the bar, though still more or less dressed. Rounding the dividing wall, I saw a man sat in the lowest bench at the far side, offering at least a possibility of fun. Unfortunately, only in a theoretical sense, as I soon left after realizing he was not even touching himself. 

Circulating through the upper level again, noting that only a single cabin door was closed, though with the sounds of sex floating through the corridor. Tempting in its way, easily heard in the dark room, which was had apparently remained empty. After relaxing for a few minutes in the darkness, thinking that the porn room had been a real tease to this point, I recognized that not everyone was interested in such a realistic depiction of finding someone to have sex with. The baths make such a process seem boring, though for a bi man, the reality that the baths offer essentially nothing female can be a fly in the ointment, so to speak. 

Returning to the porn theater, I went to the top row, noting that two other men were on the lower benches, both with open towels, playing with their cocks. As the scene had finally shifted to explicit gay sex, I settled in, towel spread, poppers and condom readily available. Getting hard was easy, seeing two cocks getting sucked together in a willing slut's mouths, stroking his own jutting length.

Gay porn is much less ambiguous than most porn involving women, as men generally cannot hide how turned on they are. The same applies to watching men who are looking at porn, as I began to do while jacking off, displaying my hardness with opened legs. It took little time for the man in the middle row to move up near me. It was obvious that his cock had captivated my attention, and our foreplay was deliciously direct- his hand slid along my inner thigh as I reached over to play with his nipple.

We kept turning each other on, beginning to luxuriously explore each other's cocks, moaning in pleasure as a stranger began to fondle and caress the center of our horniness, drifting ever further into pure male pleasure. I took my attention from his cock when he started rubbing my nipple, as what was happening on the screen filled my eyes. Watching porn like this is truly addictive, especially as I felt him move, gasping in pleasure as his mouth began to cover my cockhead, looking at the gay porn as he took me deeper.

He straightened, hand sliding over my slippery shaft while I leaned back, sinking in pleasure, unable to move anything but my hand on his cock. The porn just made me hornier, now seeing a naked gay threesome getting off, men fondling and kissing and stroking and sucking each other, the way men will when no women are around. I'd seen the start of the movie, when a woman was still around, whose sexiness appealed to my cock. But I knew why they weren't really interested in having her around by this point, watching how one would suck the other two cocks together, seeing how they switched off while my cock was sucked again. 

I placed my hands on his head, allowing me to move his mouth in time with the action on the screen. A man entered, looked intently at the top row action as his hand went underneath the front of his towel, then went to the middle row, watching, removing his towel and stroking his cock, attracting my attention. When the cocksucking stopped, he moved to my side of the wall, hands quickly finding my feet. Giving me a massage as I jacked off, the first man playing with nipple as he kissed my neck.

My pleasure just grew as he begin to lick my foot and then suck my toes, his hand supporting my limp leg. My mind was filled with the vision of the threesome on screen, keeping myself at the edge of cumming manipulating my extended cock, teasing and satisfying it while two strangers played with my available and willing body. At some point, I felt a tongue moving it way up my leg and thigh, feeling lips brushing lightly, making me sigh at both the actual and anticipated pleasure.

Head tilted lazily, turned down a bit to provide a perfect view of the sitting man's sexy cock as I played with it. By this point, wherever I looked filled my mind with the reality of public gay sex as I shifted to watch my cock go deeply into the new man's talented mouth, feeling his fingers playing with the hairs underneath my balls, an exquisite sensation. Turning my head again, my lips found the other man's mouth, sluttily kissing the lips of the first man to suck my cock as I let a finger begin to touch his hole. He moaned around my questing tongue, feeling his now irresistible reaction to my finger at his quivering hole.

Our kiss broke as the new man shifted some of his attention to the other man, leaving me in an utterly helpless state, unable to stop watching a man being sucked as he was fucked, playing with my hard wet length. It was around this point that the thought of finding the poppers arose again, particularly as the man next to me stirred, then got up to leave. As he stepped down, I turned a bit to look for the brown bottle, spying its location just as the man beneath me started to softly caress the hairs covering my inner thighs and balls.

Looking down, I saw how he was on his knees, back parallel to the bench, his face looking intently at my cock as I stroked it slowly, showing it off to a horny stranger, fully aware that he would not long resist the temptation to go down on me again. Much the same way that I would be unable to resist him when he did. 

My left hand roamed over his back, occasionally sliding over his neck and close cut hair, feeling him approach at my not so subtle prompting, hips starting to move in rhythm to my pumping fist. Soon, his mouth returned to servicing a willing cock, my head propped against the rear wall while surrendering to his skills. Men are truly glorious cock suckers I have discovered after years of visiting glory holes and the baths, impossible to resist as I've grown older and more experienced in having sex with other men. 

It did not take him long to bring me to the edge of orgasm as I watched the threesome on the screen have sex, forcing me to reach down to my slippery cock, taking it from his mouth. Unable to stop from playing with myself in front of him, feeling his breath tantalizingly near, yet slowing down the rush to orgasm enough to allow him to start sucking me again in a moment, moaning how good it felt.

The baths are a fantastic place for sluts to meet each other, and soon, we were fully enjoying ourselves. I could not stop from talking as his mouth covered my shaft, saying things about how much I loved a man going down on me, talking like a dirty slut, telling him to 'suck it so good, slut' then moaning 'fuck yes, cock sucker, oh fuck yeah. I love it' even as I withdrew, not wanting to cum yet.

This pattern continued for a while, giving in and retreating, growing ever harder as it became more difficult to stop from cumming as he continued to worship my willing cock as the porn played on the wall. Finally, I was able to take up the bottle, though needing to use both hands meant my cock was deep in his wet mouth when I did the first hit of rush. Saying 'slow, god yes, go slow' as I breathed out, the sensations were overwhelming, forcing me to take my cock from his sexy mouth, hoping to keep from cumming even as the rush filled me with its addictive sensations.

I fed it to him again, holding on at the shaft to keep the skin taut, saying things like 'take it slut' and 'fuck yes, suck me' trying to ride the wave without drowning in its seductive embrace. Poppers and cock sucking have been a fantastic combination since my first experience of it with my first girlfriend, but here, watching both gay porn and how my cock was being swallowed in a stranger's mouth, the pleasure grew beyond any fantasy.

Taking my cock out again, looking at his intent expression while stroking my glistening slippery shaft, taking a last glance at the threesome still sucking and fucking before giving in to his desire to have me cum. He was completely focused on my cock, eagerly awaiting orgasm to drown me, watching as I finally entered heaven, indulging in a porn cum shot, spurting freely, no longer able to keep control, watching him react as my orgasm subsided, seeing how he lapped up my cum from the bench, my clenched fist, and now ultra-sensitive cockhead.