 "Cum .. cream my balls" filled my ears while breathing out slowly, pressing my cock down and sliding it over his sack, "fuck yeah .. cum balls .. do me" following as I watched him stroking his hard cock, clearly loving having his balls played with by a stranger's stiff rod. We had already been enjoying each other for an impossible to judge interval, reaching this fantastic point after mutual cock sucking and teabagging bringing each to the edge. Sharing poppers a couple of times, leading to me now being on top of him, sliding my cock along his, kissing, reaching back to explore, and feeling his slutty reaction when my cock head slid over, then into his yielding sack. 

The very first time I had naked sex with a man, at a porn complex in a private room in the gay porn section, part of what made it so extraordinary was the variety of unimagined experiences. Including the sensation of my horny cock rubbing over a man's yielding sack. That first time was overshadowed by the blazing glory of kissing a man for the very first time, not to mention kissing his cock, but the memory came back with a naughty erotic recognition of just how good it felt to get off with a man like this, in a way no woman could understand.

Cocks are fantastically sexy when played with at the baths, but they aren't the only part of a man that enjoys a knowing stranger's attention. I might not be an expert in cock/sack games, but enthusiasm certainly has its own charm, particularly when it so clearly turned my partner on. Along with how thoroughly slutty he had made me by this point, his mouth having brought me so close to cumming after doing my first poppers of the day, after 2 hours of cruising.

Cruising is likely the right word at this point, looking for sex with other men, one after the other, time disappearing while having hot sex. Today was as crowded as last Sunday, with the steamroom wonderfully filled with horny men, all of us easily merging into a scene of group sex. Such as my cock being sucked alongside another man's while kissing a third, my nipple being perfectly caressed as I kept playing with a man's hard cock, matching a stranger's mouth motion servicing two stiff dicks. The other men around us were just as lost in anonymous male sex, everyone clearly the sort of bathhouse regular who cannot resist from coming and enjoying the bath's delights.

Finding such a place to have regular visit has led to years of having hot sex with men that have sex with other men. The bathhouse is a place were married, bi, or gay men meet, drawn by the opportunity to enjoy bodies like their own, intimately experienced in giving and receiving pleasure. In my opinion, most men at the bathhouse are not strictly tops or bottoms, but have enjoyed a wide variety of getting off. A man going down on a stranger in the darkness knows what that is like, sometimes at the same time he is doing it. 

Group sex is addictive when so easily found, even when not every visit is so delightful as this one had already been. Sucking and being sucked in the darkroom by at least three men after coming up from the steambath, I had settled into 69ing with my 3rd - or maybe 4th - cocksucker, each of us clearly skilled at keeping the other on the verge of quivering orgasm before shifting to another focus, whether teabagging or nipple fondling or anal temptations as our fingers and tongues explored. Around us, the space was filled with other men having sex, which my dark adapted eyes could see in silhouette. Connecting the sounds to the sights just turned me on more, hotter than porn as any of the men I was watching could become a sex partner, another among a half-dozen or so today. 

We reached a sensual plateau, prompting me to do my first hit of poppers as we sucked each other, moaning around his sexy shaft as he fingered me, finally breathing out and surrendering to the sheer decadence of sex with another man. He shifted, likely having smelled the poppers, and we began to kiss while jerking each other off, his fingers stroking over my left hand, clearly seeking the bottle containing an irresistible magic sex potion. One I have been sharing for more than 3 and a half decades, with both men and women. I brought the bottle up, letting him have it, happy to share its spell.

After opening the top, he used the customary rush technique, breathing in out and several times, then closing it as I started to wetly lick his neck, right hand sliding between his legs as he began to stroke himself. Taking the bottle, opening it one handed, doing a single deep hit, holding it in while sealing the bottle, a well practiced routine by now, whether in the darkroom, the steambath, or a booth. He began jacking me off with the unmistakeable horniness of a man who was starting to surrender to the rush spreading through his whole body.

Just as it was through my body now, leaning over to take his sexy cock into my mouth again, breathing out as I began to deepthroat him, something that still only rarely happens, regardless of cock size. But occasionally, I really enjoy the sensation of taking a man all the way into my mouth, surrendering willingly to his cock filling my mouth. Careful not to make him cum yet, letting the rush stretch the time endlessly in pure ecstasy. In a way impossible to describe, I was pure cock, huge in an irresistible fashion, as gigantic as the hot cock filling my mouth.

We continued to drown in the sensations of poppered sex for a while, including having him go down slowly along my cock after doing a hit, feeling his wettened finger slide over my quivering hole, slowly entering it after I had breathed out. Moaning in pure pleasure, disjointed dirty words leaving my mouth - 'fuck .. love it .. sex .. with men .. cock sucking .. so good.' At this point, it seemed we were alone in the darkroom, providing a hint of how much time had passed, measured by other men cumming (or stopping short of cumming, to stretch one's time having sex at the baths) and going.

He lay back, his hand guiding my cock against his balls, moaning as I shifted position, hands outside of his shoulders, letting my stiff length be guided as he started to pant, clearly turned on. As was I, cock still slippery from being in his talented mouth, sliding over his soft and yielding skin. At some point, and after a couple of more hits, I was no longer determined to keep from cumming, having resisted at least a couple of times as he sucked, and another couple of times when fingering me, along at least one time when played with my nipples so good.

Finally, and delightfully, it became impossible not to surrender to the extremely tempting sensations along my again sliding cock, my hand pressing it down, finding the perfect position as he moaned underneath me. I was taking him by the balls, both of us totally turned on having sex like this, his hands to the side as I let my weight add to the pressure between us. A pressure that soon had him spasming between his legs, thighs spread wide, moaning about cumming on his balls as he started to helplessly orgasm from how I was playing my cock over his sack. 

Responding, telling him 'fuck yeah .. cum .. cum so good .. slut sex .. cum your balls .. slut cum,' not even sure who I meant as my own orgasm started, hot cum spurting into and beyond his sack, totally lost in sensations that only other men could understand, cock in heaven between a man's sexy balls.