 The next morning, I woke up before Chad and went down to eat breakfast. Some of the other guys were already there, and I had to wonder if any of them could tell by looking at me...if any of them knew that I had spent most the night getting my cock sucked by my roommate. My head was spinning, trying to figure out what all of this meant, and on top of that all I could think about was how great it felt, having Chad's mouth and tongue wrapped around my hard cock. I had jacked him off and sucked him, too, but he seemed more interested in doing it to me. He offered to let me fuck him, but I wasn't quite ready for that step yet. Part of me was dying to, but another part wasn't so sure. It seemed like fucking him would mean I had crossed a line I couldn't cross back over.

I joined some of the guys at a table and listened with half an ear to their conversation. Apparently, they had gone and found a local hangout, and several of them were talking about the girls they had picked up and fucked. I figured most of it was bullshit, but the details they were laying out were starting to make me hard. I groaned inside – after the workout Chad had given my cock, I wasn't sure I would ever be able to get hard again. 

"Yeah, man, she was so fuckin' hot, I thought she was gonna kill me," said Rob, the catcher. "She was all over me the instant we walked in the door, right, guys?"

They all laughed. "Fuck, man – I couldn't believe it when I saw her grab your dick, right there on the dance floor," Bobby said. He leaned back and closed his eyes, stretching. I glanced over and noticed a bulge growing under the sweats he was wearing. I groaned again, thinking of Chad upstairs, naked on the bed we had shared, picturing his huge cock and how it felt in my hand and my mouth. In my mind's eye, I saw myself sliding under the table and pulling down Bobby's sweats, taking his cock in my mouth as he and the other guys looked on in surprise. 

"...Brian?" I heard someone say. I shook my head and came back into the present.

"Huh?" I said, looking around.

Rob was looking at me strangely. "I said, where were you last night, Brian?"

"Oh. I...uh...I was really tired. I went up to my room and went to sleep," I said, unable to meet his eyes.

"Yeah, right," Bobby said, laughing. "You probably had some chick up there all night, didn't you? Fuck her brains, out, did you?"

"Come on, man," I said, feeling myself begin to blush.

"Fuck, he's blushing, guys! You DID! You DID have some chick up there! Where'd you meet her, huh? Come on, man, tell us!" Bobby said, punching me in the shoulder.

I just grinned and kept on eating, wondering what they would say if I told them the real truth. At that moment, Chad came downstairs, and it was all I could do to keep my eyes off of him. He was wearing loose shorts and a muscle shirt, and all I could think of was how gorgeous he was when he was naked. He was truly a beautiful man, and although I had seen him naked many times, I had never looked at him in quite this way before.

"Well, hello, sleeping beauty," Rob said, teasing him. "It's about time you got here. What's wrong, did Brian keep you up all night with his noisy fucking?"

Chad looked over at me and grinned, then to my relief said, "Yeah, that fucker. I had to sleep in the bathroom, he was making so much damn noise."

The other guys laughed at this, punching me in the shoulder and calling me names. I just grinned and didn't say anything, meeting Chad's eyes one time and seeing his amusement. I wondered if he was thinking the same thing I was – I couldn't wait to get him alone and naked again.

Eventually, the rest of the team made it down for breakfast, including Cliff, who looked as though he'd had a rough night. He looked happy, but pretty rough. His face was all chapped, and he was walking kind of funny. No one said anything to him, although plenty of curious eyes swiveled his way. He was quiet, but had a satisfied look on his face. I looked around and wondered if one of the other guys had spent some time with him last night. I couldn't remember who his roomie for the trip was, but I figured I'd hear about it sooner or later.

When we all went back up to change and get ready to go to the field, it was all I could do to keep my hands off of Chad until we got to the room. The minute we were in the door, I grabbed him and pushed him against the wall, kissing him and grinding against him. Neither of us had shaved yet, and I could feel his stubble on my face. His cock was hard, and so was mine as I rubbed against him. He reached down and pulled me hard against him, and I moaned as he slid his hands down inside my sweats and grabbed my ass roughly.

"Mmm, you like this now, huh, faggot?" he whispered, squeezing my naked ass.

"Fuck you, asshole. This is all your fault," I said, frantically rubbing my cock against his. 

"You don't take what you don't like, fucking fairy," he said, and slid his middle finger down the crack of my ass.

"Oh fuck," I said, feeling something electric shoot through my cock. Chad laughed and kissed me hard, then pushed himself off the wall and wrestled me down to the floor. We fought, and somehow that was more of a turn on than anything. I tried to push him off of me, but he was bigger and had more leverage. He was straddling me with his legs and had my arms trapped behind his knees, and he slowly pulled the front of his shorts down until his cock popped out. I couldn't help staring at it, and he laughed.

"You like my cock now, don't you, bitch?" he said, reaching down and stroking it lightly. I moaned and licked my lips. I started to buck my hips, my hard cock poking at his ass through our clothes. "What? Now you want to fuck me? Is that it?"

I gasped and nodded. It hit me that yes, I wanted to feel my cock slide into his tight ass. Whatever line I was afraid of crossing, I had crossed it last night by letting Chad take as much of my cock as he wanted. 

Chad laughed and leaned over me. "Well, I'm afraid we don't have time for a proper ass-fucking, but if you're good, I'll give you a good face fuck. What do you think?"

"God yes," I moaned, my hard cock throbbing as I thrust my hips up into him.

"That's what I like to hear. Now, you be ready and relax, and I'm going to slide my cock into your mouth," he said, and kissed me hard again. He stood up and slid his shorts off, then reached down and slid my sweats off. He looked at my hard cock and smiled, then knelt down between my legs and took it in his mouth. I gasped, not expecting him to do that, and put my hands on his head as he moved up and down, my cock sliding in and out of his warm, wet mouth.

"Ohhh fuck," I moaned, my hips jerking up to him. He groaned and took my balls in his hands, fondling them, then gently slid one finger into my ass. I cried out as he probed me, jamming my hard cock into his mouth. He pulled away and grinned at me, then moved his body up along mine until he was full length on top of me, our cocks rubbing together.

"Oh yeah, you like it now, bitch," he said, his eyes gleaming. He reached over and grabbed a pillow from the bed and put it under my head, then slowly slid his body up mine until his cock was under my chin. I put my hands on his ass and squeezed, and he threw his head back and moaned. 

"Give it to me," I said, gasping for breath. He was propped up on his hands, and he looked down at me, then moved up until his cock was over my mouth. I reached up with one hand and took him into my mouth, and he moaned and began to slide in and out. I hadn't yet been able to take all of his cock in my mouth, but I was determined to this time. I made myself relax and open wide, and he grunted in surprise as he realized he was able to slide in more than he had last night.

"Ohh yes, Brian," he moaned, "Take all of my hard cock, that's it." He began moving a little faster, and I slid my hands back up to his ass and started pushing him deeper in. He was panting harder, grunting with each thrust, and I was able to relax enough to let him slide all the way in.

"Fuck YES!" he cried out, and began thrusting even harder. I let my lips tighten up just enough to create friction, but let my throat relax, and it seemed to make him crazy. He started pumping faster, then I got bold and slid a finger into his ass. He stiffened when he felt it, then relaxed and pushed his ass up toward me, letting me slide another finger inside him.

"That's it, fuck my ass, bitch," he said. "Suck my cock and fuck my ass, that's it. Come on, asshole, make me cum."

I was about to cum too, my cock throbbing and aching to be sucked, or stroked or something. I felt my fingers sliding in and out of his tight asshole and pictured my cock there, sliding in and out, fucking him while I reached around to jack him off. That did it for me – my hard cock exploded, shooting cum all over my stomach and chest, and probably on Chad's ass, as well.

"I'm cumming, Brian," he hissed through gritted teeth. "Fuck, I'm gonna cum all over your fucking mouth."

I moaned, my mouth full of his dick, and held him there as his cock exploded like mine had done. He grunted and moaned loudly, jamming his cock into my throat one last time, then collapsed on top of me. I sucked on his cock as it went soft, licking the cum that I hadn't swallowed, then he rolled off of me and laid back on the floor, covered in sweat and breathing hard.

"Fuck, you goddamn cocksucker," he groaned. "How am I supposed to have enough energy to play now?"

I laughed and sat up, wiping my chin and leaning against the bed. "You started it, asshole. I just finished the job, that's all."

"I guess we need to shower and get ready," he said. "We've only got an hour left."

We looked at each other and laughed, and I said, "We are NOT showering together, you got that? The last thing I need is to be rubbing up against your naked body again."

"Fine," he said. "Plenty of time for that when we get home, anyway." He winked at me and laughed as I stared at him, silenced. I hadn't even thought about what would happen when we got back to school. The thought of having him all to myself every night sent a shiver right through me, and I jumped up and hopped in the shower before anything else could happen.

Everyone was pretty quiet on the bus ride over to the ball field. Chad and I decided it would be best if we didn't sit together, and since there was plenty of room on the charter bus, everyone had their own seat anyway. It might have looked weird if we had sat together. I got my iPod out and put my headphones on, losing myself in the music and in thoughts of what I wanted to do to Chad...and what I wanted him to do to me. I wondered if Coach knew about how much cocksucking was going on with his team. I looked over at Cliff, but he had headphones plugged in and had his eyes closed. I wondered if he was thinking about who he had fucked – or who had fucked him – last night. 

'Stop it,' I told myself sternly. 'Concentrate on the fucking game, you idiot. If we lose, there will be hell to pay.' I forced myself to think of nothing but the game ahead, and by the time we got to the field, I was ready to play.

The game itself was no big deal. We killed the high school boys, but all the same, they were pretty good. We had a lot of fun, and the younger guys improved even as the game went on. They were a great bunch of guys, not at all threatened by us being there, and they treated us with respect even though they joked around with us quite a bit, calling us "old man" and shit like that. The day had warmed up considerably, and instead of playing a double header, both coaches decided one game was enough, so they sent us to the showers and told us to pack up so we could get home.

The showers were pretty crowded with both teams being in there, so I was just thinking I might wait to shower off when some of the high school guys came over and said we could use the girl's stalls, since none of them were there. A few of us took our gear and went over there, but Chad stayed with the other guys. I thought it was just as well, because I'd probably get a hard on if I saw him naked again.

The girl's showers were different – much cleaner, for one thing, and they actually had stalls instead of a big, open room. I went to turn on the lights, but they didn't work. It was almost pitch black in there, and the high school guys apologized and said the school was trying to conserve energy, but promised that the hot water worked. There was just enough light to find my way to a shower, but once I got in and pulled the curtain, it was totally dark. It didn't matter to me – I knew where the faucets were, so I turned them on and let the warm water rush over me. 

I was soaping myself up, my eyes closed, when I felt someone behind me. I started to turn around, but a hand reached around me and started to stroke my cock. I was so surprised that I nearly choked on the water running over my face, but the person behind me wouldn't let me turn around. Even with my eyes open, I couldn't see, so I just closed my eyes again and waited to see what was going to happen. I thought it first it was Chad behind me, but the body was smaller and the hand wasn't as big or rough. Still, he seemed to know what he was doing, and I felt myself growing hard as he continued to stroke me. He pushed himself up against my back and reached around with his free hand to pinch my nipples, and I moaned before I could catch myself. The hand left my nipples and took one of my hands, pulling it around behind me and placing it on an erect cock. I knew what he wanted, and I closed my fist around his cock and held it there as he started to rock back and forth. I heard a soft moan in my ear, and figured it was probably one of the high school guys behind me. I didn't say anything, and neither did he. We just stood there, him stroking me and fucking my fist with his cock. It occurred to me to be glad I was young, because it seemed like my cock was always hard these days, and always full of cum. I admit, I was a little tender, but a few minutes of gentle stroking was doing wonders for that.

I could feel the guy behind me tensing up, and his cock started to throb in my hand. The water was rushing over both of us, nice and warm, and my own cock was beginning to throb in his hand. He put his mouth against my back and I heard a muffled moan, then felt something spurt onto my back as he came all over me. My fist, already wet from the water, became slick with his cum. He moved my hand and started to stroke me faster, then pushed me against the wall and pulled my hips toward him. I felt him slide down, still stroking my cock, then I felt a tongue begin to probe my asshole.

"Ohh god," I moaned, then muffled my mouth against my upper arm. I had never had my ass licked before, although I'd heard guys talk about making their girlfriends do it. It had always sounded kind of gross to me, actually...but I was quickly changing my mind about that. I moved out from the wall a bit and bent over, giving him more access to my ass. He knelt behind me and, still stroking my cock, began to slide his tongue in and out of my asshole. I couldn't believe how fucking good it felt. I could feel myself about to cum, and I tried to stop him from stroking me, but he wouldn't let me. He spun me around, and the next thing I knew, my cock was in his mouth and he was sucking me. I couldn't help myself - I grabbed the back of his head and face-fucked him, much like Chad had done to me. I jammed my cock into his mouth and he took the whole thing, sucking as hard as he could. I was pounding into his mouth, my hips moving back and forth as fast as I could go, and suddenly I came right in his mouth. He didn't say a word, just moaned and sucked me until I couldn't stand it and had to pull out of his mouth. As I leaned against the wall, trying to catch my breath, I heard the curtain open and he was gone.

'Fuck,' I thought. 'What the hell is in the water up here? I've had more sex in the past two days than in the last month!'

I finished my shower and slowly, wearily, got dressed and went out to the bus. Not everyone was there yet, so I got a seat near the back, put my headphones on, and promptly fell asleep.

When I woke up a bit later, it was already dark and the bus was quiet. I looked around to see if anyone was awake, but everyone seemed to be sleeping. Even Coach was up in the front of the bus with his cap pulled down over his eyes. I had been so tired, I hadn't even felt the bus take off. I stretched and got up to go to the bathroom, then sat back down and thought about everything that had happened over the past couple of days. Amazingly, something I had never even considered doing was now something I couldn't wait to do – I wanted to fuck a guy's ass and let him fuck me. I sighed, thinking of how good it felt when Chad stroked or sucked me, remembering how that guy's tongue felt in my ass. I wondered who it had been, and the thought occurred to me that it could have been one of my teammates. The body had felt small to me, but then, I was used to Chad's big ass, so maybe my mind was playing tricks on me. He sure had known what he was doing, no doubt about that.

As I sat there looking out the window and was about to drift off to sleep again, I felt someone sit down next to me. I looked, and it was Chad, sitting there with a big grin on his face.

"Have a nice shower?" he asked, whispering.

I snorted. "Shit, Chad, do you know everything that goes on?"

He just grinned, looking very pleased with himself. "Well, I had to make sure you were being taken care of, since I couldn't do it myself. There were too many eyes on both of us, in case you didn't notice."

"What the fuck? YOU sent that guy in there?" I asked, incredulous.

"Shh! Shut up, you idiot!" he hissed, putting his hand over my mouth and laughing again. "Of course I did! I wanted to fuck you right then and there, but it would have been too obvious if we'd both gone to the other showers."

I sighed and relaxed, then leaned against the window. "Well, who the hell did you send in there? He sure knew what he was doing."

"That's my little secret, I'm afraid. He only did it on the condition that it be anonymous," he said, putting his hand on my thigh. I looked down at his hand, then looked back up at him.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked.

"What does it look like I'm doing?" he said, sliding his hand over to my crotch. I was wearing sweats with no underwear, and I'm sure he knew that.

"Fuck, Chad, what if someone wakes up and sees us?"

"Don't be such a pussy, little man. They're all sound asleep, even Coach. So what do you say? Wanna play?" he said, rubbing the bulge that was growing in my pants.

"Ohh fuck, of course I do."

"Okay, but here are the rules. You have to look straight ahead, and you can't touch me or make any sound until I give you permission. You got that?"

I sighed deeply, leaning back and sitting on my hands, then looked over at him.

"I'm all yours," I said.

His lips curved in a smile, and he faced forward, not looking at me. I looked up to the front of the bus, watching Coach, who was still asleep with his cap pulled down. I decided not to watch what Chad was doing, so I kept my eyes forward.

He reached into my sweats and pulled the front down so my cock was hanging out. I was semi-hard, but I knew that wouldn't last long. Chad settled in next to me, reaching into his own sweats and pulling out his cock. He put his hand in my lap and began to gently run his fingertips along the top of my cock. I gasped and jerked, then bit my lip to keep from making any noise. He did that for what seemed like ages, just touched me gently until my cock was standing straight up. He would rub the top, then slide his fingers underneath and rub there, then reach down and play with my balls. I tell you, I was having a hell of a time not making any noise. I could see, out of the corner of my eye, Chad's hand stroking his own cock slowly, and I could tell he was as hard as I was.
