 Some visits start in paradise, and remain there. Arriving right at opening time on a gorgeous cloudless May Wednesday, I quickly undressed. Wrapping the towel while walking to the bar counter, I finished the customary glass of freshly poured beer, then headed upstairs. The upper floor seemed empty, except for a closed door at the last video booth. 

Walking into the porn room, the scene playing on the wall involved gay group sex, with easily ten men. My interest caught, it took little time to settle comfortably on the top row, getting condoms and poppers out of the black bag, that has served perfectly for years. Eight years, actually, since my first visits at the baths. From that introduction to male only sex with multiple strangers, the abundant charms of the baths have an irresistible hold on me, as they do on so many other men.

In part because of a feedback loop based on the past. My ex wife wanted a third child, and simply gave up using birth control. Including no fucking if I was wearing one, while also doing her best to turn me on, and fill her with cum, especially at the peak of her cycle, when her pussy felt and smelled so perfect. 

I am truly bi at this point (a category not available here), but the sheer sexiness of a woman at her natural horny best is irresistible at a level that led me me to giving in, often due to her leading my cock to enter paradise. Yet still able to keep from cumming, as a compromise. One that led to its own feedback loop on her part, losing herself in continued fucking, no longer remembering that she wanted to be filled with hot cum. Instead becoming mindless as her wet pussy was pounded.

It turns out, this experience in not cumming has played out well at the baths, as sex stretches on and on. At least among a certain group of men who understood just how good extended pleasure can be, a journey where orgasm is not the real goal. Men with a broad variety of interests and tastes, matching those of many other visitors in a place devoted to straightforward sense. I began stroking, though a bit disappointed as the porn played, that the man being fucked was not hard. I'm well aware of how deeply one can be enjoying something without being hard, but a hard cock is a sign of horniness that is unmistakeable.

And what turns me on. Being bi, it is not really a secret that I find women attractive. However, the only part of a man that I find sexually entrancing is a hard cock. Obviously, after more than a decade of having sex with men, the talents of men as lovers is undeniable. But it is the doing that is arousing, most of the time, not the watching. Unless it involves a hard cock, in which case the attraction is impossible to deny. My very first shared orgasms involved watching my friend stroke his cock and cum as I did. Imprinting me with its incredible intensity, sharing orgasm with another while looking at a pumping hot cock. 

The porn had me half hard when another man walked in, looking upwards briefly before moving to the middle row, on the other side of the platform. He unwrapped his towel, sat down, and started to play with himself. He grew hard quickly, soon turning to see me looking at him. We began jerking off in front of each other, making us both hornier. Our bathhouse flirting, basically looking at each while stroking, soon led to a bathhouse encounter. Spreading my legs, lifting my right leg onto the platform, giving him a perfect view of my jacking off while staring at his sexy cock.

Which moved closer as he shifted to the top row, next to me, my leg now parallel to the back wall as he leaned over, breath reaching my sensitive skin just a bit before my mind was coated in the irresistible effects of a man's mouth sliding over and down my erect shaft. Sex like this is wonderfully addictive, sinking into a stranger's willing mouth, sighing after feeling his fingers slide over my sack, dropping lower in tantalizing fashion. Reaching out and finding his sexy stiff length, moaning as his finger began to slide in my crack, losing concentration as the sensations grew.

Picking up the magic brown bottle, I gathered enough control to wait until feeling his finger touch my waiting hole before inhaling a deep hit of rush. Holding my breath as long as possible, letting the effect grow, I felt his finger begin to move past my tight ring, Breathing out, lost in the exquisite delight, his entering finger also feeling as if it was somehow simultaneously inside my now wonderfully gigantic sucked cock. Gasping "oh fuck yes .. cock sucker .. fuck yes .. cock slut," my hips started to move. The porn became enthralling, seeing a man take 3 extended cocks in his mouth, other men playing with each other. Watching hot porn while doing poppers as a finger begins fucking my ass has generally been a private pleasure, though he seemed to understand how hot the porn was making me.

His mouth left my cock, tongue trailing down my sensitive shaft, sliding through my bush as he started teabagging me, finger going deeper. Doing another hit, his finger continued getting more slippery as it started to slide in and out. Putting the firmly closed bottle away, I grasped his cock. Breathing out, I leaned over to take his stiff dick in my mouth as he knelt down over me, hand guiding its tempting head past my lips, feeling his satisfaction merging with my own, sharing the pure bliss of having a cock sucked by a skilled slut. We continued like this, with the addition of my finger first teasing, then also starting to fuck his hole. 

Sixty-nining a man is different from doing it with a woman, especially the undeniable feeling that the cock in your mouth is just an extension of the one between your legs, connected through the pure pleasure of mouths surrounding cocks. Finally, both of us no longer hard after almost cumming several times, he left, prompting me to walk unsteadily to the darkroom.

I entered cautiously, not unhappy when it seemed empty, settling into the rear section. The porn theater had been a lot of shared fun, but compared to the darkroom, it tended not to be a place for group sex, or the sorts of delights discovered so easily in the dark. Positioning myself to be available to any cock sucker interested in exploring the 'hidden' back entrance to the platform, at the end of the gloryhole row, I relaxed. After just a bit, a man entered, going towards the rear. It took little time from my sigh at his first touch to his mouth going over my wanting cockhead as he settled onto the platform.

Getting head is one of the straightforward reasons to be in the darkroom, as repeat visitors are fully aware. The only surprise is how good it always feels to have a stranger go down on you, especially after a bowl and a beer. Of course, my foot sliding along his hard length meant he was also fully aware of just how good it feels to have anonymous male sex, both of us growing entranced. I moved back a bit to give him more room as he turned and knelt parallel to the wall.

I reached out to play with his sexy stiff length, moaning as his mouth went ever further down my shaft. Soon, clear that he would be deep throating me, I took a large hit of rush before he went all the way down. I held my breath until his lips pressed against the curly bush at the base of my cock. "Slowly .. fuck good .. so slow .. suck me slut" left my mouth while breathing out, already riding the rush. The sensation of my now immense cock filling his surrounding wet mouth was as irresistible as ever.

My hand grew slack, barely able to hold his cock as he blew me so good. Lost in pure delight, at some point, another man joined us, coming from the front of the platform, first playing with my nipple before realizing there was another man also. Leading him to start sucking me too. An experience which remains as addicting today as the first time experienced in a darkroom in a foreign city bathhouse. Then, I had smoked a joint first, and going into the large darkroom, the sights were incredible, seeing multiple men having sex. 

Laying in the dark back then, thoroughly stoned and after having drank a couple of cold beers, the mouth that found my instantly willing cock was one of the very first times a man had sucked my naked cock. Surrendering to a stranger, not concerned about anything but how incredibly good it felt, it was even more delightful when I realized a second man had joined the first. The sheer intensity of what it feels like to be sucked by two men at once, especially when freshly bought poppers, was one of the turning points in discovering the previously forbidden joy of having sex with men.

Today, though not having smoked nor drank to the same extent, the pleasure of having two men go down on me was just as good. Especially after getting the poppers ready again, waiting until the intensity decreased a bit before indulging. Which never quite happened, meaning that the bottle remained closed as I remained quivering on the edge of orgasm, my nipple being fingered as two strangers sucked me off. Sometimes one teabagging as the other licked, or both kissing my shaft, or feeling how one would feed my extended dick to the other. 

My left hand reached out and found the new man's sexy hard cock, soon shifting my body lower after finding it. A mouth left my cock, feeling the effects of where it had gone as my first cocksucker moaned so good. The new man had shifted to sucking off another stranger, something that just turned me on more.

Opening the bottle, after inhaling, I went down on him, creating a purely oral daisy chain, something I had helped form. It was fantastic being so intimately connected to two other men, lost in heavenly pleasure, finding a mutual rhythm shared and communicated from cocks to mouths, and mouths to cock in turn. I know we continued like this long enough for me to do a couple of more hits, amazed at how close orgasm remained, without temptation ever becoming overwhelming.

Finally, the man withdrew his cock, rising and standing over two horny strangers, stroking his spit covered cock, moaning louder and lower, until it became obvious he was no longer able to resist cumming. As he came a couple of hot splatters hit my skin. He left very soon after, even as the original cock sucker started teabagging me, finger moving ever more suggestively near my anal ring.

I opened the brown bottle again, moving into a good position to start going down on his already sucked cock, giving in to the irresistible desire to orally pleasure another hot bathhouse slut. Gradually, he began shifting his focus, helped by me lifting my left leg up against the wall. His teabagging was exquisite, causing me to spread and open my legs, moaning around the cock filling my mouth.

As his tantalizing tongue kept sliding lower, I was barely able to find the rush bottle, my mind without any ability to focus on anything except anticipation. Lifting my leg higher as I breathed in, his tongue began to touch my ass. Barely able to concentrate on closing the bottle as the pleasure filled, the words spilled out along with my breath. Saying "Fuck yes .. ass licking .. lick it .. I love .. rimmed so good .. I want cock," I took him back into my mouth, as my right hand started stroking my stiff shaft, slowly, in time to his tongue and my mouth.

By this point, the sensations from mouth, cock, and ass merged into a single feeling, as if my entire being was nothing but pure pleasure. I knew I was moaning around his cock, slowly aware that I was actually deep throating him as his tongue bathed my soft hole in unbelievable satisfaction. When I raised my hips, he took full advantage of my desire, rimming my fully exposed hole. In return, my left hand rose to stroke his ass as he continued sliding his cock in and out of my mouth.

Both of us knew how close the other was to cumming, yet neither of felt a need to have the pleasure end. However, as time went on, our cocks subsided. Continuing to enjoy mutual caressing and stroking, he shifted position, ending up with his head at the front of the platform, laying on his back. He spread his legs as I stroked his legs, an invitation that I just kept ignoring. Waiting until some stranger entered the room, knowing that he would be very unlike to resist such an intimate invitation, fully happy to tease a cock sucking slut. 

A man entered, and soon found his way along the platform, his sigh indicating the first touch of his cock. Prompting me to stroke along my partner's inner thighs, feeling how he started to move while taking a man's cock into his mouth. Sitting between his outstretched legs, my right hand began to play with his cock, in rhythm to his own jacking off. My left hand reached down, finding a nipple, fondling it before moving on, hand sliding along his neck. 

I was really turned on, starting to talk dirty as desire grew. "Suck him slut .. so good .. go down .. cock lover .. hot sex .. with men .. hot cock" as my hand went over his cheek, starting to touch his moving wet lips. I was jacking off right at the edge of cumming as my fingers felt a man's sexy cock sliding into another man's sexy mouth, as I already knew.

The new man started getting really turned on, hips thrusting. The motion was a real turn on, so I did another hit before going down on my partner's more than eager cock. As the rush filled me, we became connected, my lips feeling the motion of the standing man's moving cock. His hand slid over my head before I even breathed out, feeling his fingers slide along my chest, gasping each time he touched a nipple. As the touches became more frequent, I held my breath until feeling the heavenly sensation of his finger sliding over my erect nipple.

My middle and index finger were in a V as I felt a spit covered cock move back and forth, feeling it mouth fucking the man I was going down on, my thumb sliding over his slippery cheek, happy to be playing with such a sexy slut. The baths at their best offer the chance to indulge in hot sex with other men for what feels like an eternity. At some point, I stopped blowing him when the standing man left, seemingly without cumming, likely looking forward to finding another partners - or a series of them. 

Bringing the magic bottle with me, I knelt by his mouth, forming an 'L' as his mouth began covering my cock, my mind sinking into irresistible desire to fill his mouth with my hard length, so turned on knowing that he had just been blowing another partner. Doing a hit, I let him simply pleasure me, feeling his tongue sliding over my balls, his hand reaching up to jack off my slippery rod, knowing that orgasm would not become too tempting by this point, having grown accustomed to regular waves of pure sexual bliss filling me.

Reaching down to caress his head, beginning to thrust deeper into his wonderfully wet mouth, I could not resist speaking. "Sexy cock sucking .. I love .. sex with men .. cock sex .. face fucker .. oh fuck yeah .. yeah .. take it .. cock slut," just lost in paradise, having public sex with a turned on bathhouse slut, in a place where group sex happens frequently. The baths are a place where men go to have free sex, and the attraction is irresistible, as they all know.

Another man entered, prompting me to pull out and back a bit, right hand on nicely coated cock, left hand stroking the slut's jutting cock, keeping him horny before he started blowing another stranger. The other advantage is that it would be a slightly subtle way for the new man to discover that he had just found two sluts, not only one. I could dimly see how he approached the platform edge, taking little time to find a waiting cock sucker.

His contented sigh was unmistakable, my cock sucker clearly taking his fourth cock during the time we'd been together. I was jacking his rigid length, keeping him just at the edge of cumming as the new man's fingers played with one of his nipples. I bent down, found the rush bottle, doing a hit before putting his sexy cock back into my mouth as his hand began to slide perfectly underneath my balls, my contented sounds against his cock a clear guide, so turned on to be sucking a hard cock, jacking off while starting to press a finger against his soft ass.

An unexpected finger started sliding near my nipple, soon playing with it. Breathing out, twisting just a bit, arm loose, he caught the suggestion of playing with my underarm hair, his light touch perfect as I went deeper along a rigid cock, soon finding my lips against the base of his turned on cock. My fingers lid over his balls, getting wetter, before my index finger began to circle his now pulsing anus. We continued this way for what seemed a truly brief yet wonderfully extended time, before rearranging ourselves.

The new man's hand reached down, playing with my hair as I kept deep throating a stranger, My left hand reached up, soon finding a nipple to play with, then also playing with his underarm hair, finger and thumb outstretched. Enjoying two men like this is addictive, knowing they are as helplessly turned on as I, and that we would be playing together for a while.

Returning to my earlier spot, we formed a T compared to the previous L. Leading me to position my cock to catch attention without being obtrusive, still using my right hand to jack off, left hand stroking between his ass cheeks, feeling how the new man was using his hand to pump a cock still slippery from my spit. As my index finger returned to his ass, he moaned and turned his head, prompting me to move closer, putting one foot on the floor, closer to the new man. 

Soon, the pleasure grew heavenly as he began to take my cock back into his mouth. With a new free right hand, I reached out to touch the third man's cock, discovering that my cock sucker was stroking its slippery length as he went down on me. The standing man bent a bit, starting to run his tongue over my chest, soon finding a waiting nipple as my cock was sucked deeper into warm encompassing wetness. This is the sort of pleasure that only exists with group sex, particularly among experienced and turned on sluts.

We continued pleasuring each other - I bent over to began to lick his neck before starting to kiss and nibble his ear, feeling the mouth withdraw underneath, starting to kiss him as he slumped slightly, his cock sliding back into a paradise I had already been enjoying. Kissing a man getting sucked is always a treat, tongue free to explore as desired, teasing and pressing, feeling sheer horniness overwhelm his being, taking full advantage of the situation.

Which reversed, as the laying man guided my cock back into his mouth as we continued kissing, feeling how both were take complete advantage of my willing sluttiness. Anticipation grew also, moving a bit to make it clear that feeling another cock against mine would be a true delight. The amount of shared pleasure continued to grow, hands wandering over each others bodies, creating a cycle we all contributed to, After kissing and tonguing the sucked man's nipple, I bent down to start sucking cock again.

A hand was already there, soon guiding the hard length into my open mouth. I was jacking off when a sexy slippery cock began to slide over my head, making me moan helplessly along the cock filling me so good. By this point, having found the magic brown bottle, I began fingering his ass again, though soon shifting my attention to what was happening with my erect rod.

The laying cock sucker was tonguing us both, his hands replacing ours, soon stroking us in exquisite rhythm to his licking. Waiting until it seemed clear he would be sucking us together to do a hit, I breathed in as the other man began to light pinch my nipple, sinking me into a state of pure bliss as our shared blow job began. He started kissing me before I breathed out, and when I finally exhaled, he inhaled at the same time. A trick that my first girlfriend and I discovered early on in poppers explorations.
