 The bathhouse has a fairly large sling room, though the sling itself is not really that comfortable, possibly a reason why the space is generally empty. Today, having finished my beer after enjoying some organic smoke, wandering upstairs, it was a surprise to see someone in the room so early. Letting a certain fancy carry me along to him, following a two week break from visiting. In the past year, I have rarely been able to resist going at least once a week, and the current combination of a waiting slut and enhanced horniness was deliciously enticing.

Putting the towel and bag on a chair - something that was missing for the first couple of months after the sling was available - I moved closer. Noticing he had a fair amount of hair, I let my fingers lightly run over his thighs and belly and balls, seeing his cock swell as a direct result. He remained pretty much unmoving, even after several hints concerning my growing cock's desires.

Nonetheless, I kept playing with his sexy cock, waiting until he was really turned on before starting to touch his ass. His moaning went straight to my cock, causing me to take up the last bit of space between us, pressing a naked cockhead against his offered ass.

Experiencing a pleasure that was unbelievably beguiling, becoming filled with desire to keep touching, sliding hand around my length. This was the sort of contact that had been fairly successfully avoided for years, yet as it continued, the sling adding another set of motions and pressures, I couldn't stop. When he opened a bottle of poppers, I did an offered hit, before bending down to suck his hard cock.

I have been sucked on a swing doing poppers, providing a fair idea of just how turned on he was when standing back up, cock again touching his sexy soft hole. Beyond control in a sense already, since this was the sort of temptation I'd tried to never seek out. Basically, the other occasions involved the other man taking charge, but today, when stepping into the room, I knew that my cock feeling his ass was something wanted, and so easily available.

What I hadn't really expected was how good it felt, especially as we continued, with him doing another hit of poppers. What had to be my pre-cum created a fantastic connection at a primal level, beginning to rub back and forth, feeling him respond in turn, bending down to breathe in as he breathed out. I wanted nothing more than to fully indulge in this addictively dirty touching, letting my cock guide me into paradise. His hole grew softer and more slippery, feeling like a gate opening to paradise as the sling moved.

He did still more poppers, but being at the quivering edge of unstoppable orgasm, entranced by the feel of his naked ass against my naked cockhead, I let that temptation pass. The sling's motion was hypnotic for both of us, as he held my stiff shaft against his, my balls starting to slam between his legs, grabbing his hips, bending down to do another hit with him. The poppers went straight to my cock, making wild thoughts arise. 

Luckily, as my intentions became more obvious, he made it clear he did not want to be fucked, or at a minimum not without a condom, which was fine. Normally, neither would I, but as for right now? had now experienced the sensations of my cockhead against his slippery hole, realizing just how truly heavenly this was. It has been at least a year since last giving into to such naked temptation, and now, mutually using poppers, his ass had captivated my cock.

We soon continued as before, two hard cocks rubbing. Though after he did some more poppers, it was his hand that reached down to place my cockhead against his floating entrance, both of us remaining on the edge of temptation - luckily, just barely avoiding doing anything without precautions. Though in honesty, this encounter had already gone beyond my normal limit, rediscovering just how fantastic it feels to have an uncovered cock touching a man's soft fuck hole.

He was jacking himself off as my cock kept pressing against his welcoming anus, using poppers regularly, no longer so careful about what my cock was doing, losing himself in the slutty rush of a man's cock pleasuring his pre-cum lubricated ass. Stroking myself, in part to make sure I did not go deeper, the thick leather sling adding its own rhythmic satisfaction to our almost fucking. His hole began to pulse, looser and tighter, my flared cock ridge slipping past his perfectly smooth ring as he started to orgasm so good underneath me. 

The poppers were definitely making it impossible for either of us stop, his legs spread wide, a cock stroking slut, moving his pre-cum coated ass against a rigid cock, jets of hot cum splattering his chest and belly as I experienced his pleasure at the very tip of my being, amazed at just how irresistible the sensations of naked cock against willing ass had become. 

That first 45 minutes or so of the visit is fairly straightforward to recount. Left in an incredibly horny state, aware that of how close I had come to breaking a fundamental rule. Yet also aware of just how fantastic it felt, and not only for me. 

After that, things become blurred, primal sensations leading me on, including most definitely a desire to rub my cock over another hot ass. A desire surprising in its undeniable attraction, especially after what had happened on the sling. For a change, I was not denying opportunities to let my cock play, and remained hoping for more, though without intending to go any further than in the sling room. 

I went to the darkroom, laying in the dimness for a while, recovering my wits. The experience had been unbelievable, though nothing untoward really happened on either side, a comforting thought. Almost too comforting in its way, as the thought of doing it again made me really horny. After all, what had been such a turn on was two strangers enjoying intimate contact of a most tempting variety, using poppers to further enhance the experience. 

Checking again to make sure my poppers were at hand against the rear wall, a man came in, then left. Another man followed a minute or two later, getting on the platform along the gloryhole wall. He moved slowly, a dim figure that was possible to follow with dark adapted eyes, allowing me to reach out for his cock before he discovered me. A quite large cock, one that grew quickly larger, especially after his mouth found my willing cock.

Stroking him hard as he went down on me, I did a hit, then went down on him, enjoying 69ing. A real delight with a man or a woman, but there is something about doing rush and sucking cock that is really addictive, especially when getting blown at the same time. He had a thick, large cock, one too big to fit a condom around. A thought that arose when his finger started to touch and probe my asshole. He understood that gentle fingering is best, turning me on so good. After doing another hit, I began to rim him, giving in to irresistibly dirty desires, spreading his ass cheeks with my hands, tongue bathing his anus. Breathing out, I slid a finger in, returning to blowing him.

Both of us having turned into total sluts, it was no surprise noticing a third man getting involved. Especially me, as his mouth joined mine on a gorgeous big cock. Things remain blurred in memory, but at some point, the new man positioned himself on hands and knees, soon being fucked with that big cock. Stroking myself, I put my left hand out, touching a cock fucking a man's willing ass. It was extremely hot, a feeling of being involved in something usually forbidden. No condom was involved, though when the fucking stopped, it did not seem as if he had cum.

After he left, the fucked man turned his full attention to me, sucking until he had me moaning about how hot it was to get off with men. Knowingly overwhelmed by how sexy it was to abandon caution, knowing that going to the limit was impossible to resist. Obviously, he had already fucked another man bareback, but his mouth was providing exquisite delight, like in a dream. Giving in to forbidden lust, followed by letting him guide my cock to his ass, drowning in the amazingly satisfying contact, turned on in deliciously dirty part by knowing my cock was following another man's.

Generally, caution is something I respect, but occasionally, ignoring it is unavoidable. Especially when my cock felt so good touching a man's yielding ass as he held it, needing to do nothing except let him manipulate me, knowing what was going on, and unable to stop. To be honest, it was more how willing I was to keep him pressing my cockhead.

A willingness that just grew larger after I did a hit of rush, pushing myself against a very old limit when having sex with men, but also now understanding why men who know what it feels like to fuck another man in the ass don't want to use condoms, even when they should. Luckily for me, lube was not involved, allowing me to retain a bit of restraint, even if I'm sure my cock head entered him multiple times, if only because how fantastically good things felt at times.

This continued, including my moaning "no" in various ways, allowing my mind to trick itself into thinking it had any say in what was going on. Especially since no arose between other words, such as "fuck yes" and "yeah .. so good." Of course the man wanted me to fuck, but this had already too far, in a certain sense. Mainly because it really felt so good, just wanting to keep the sensations going, staying at the very edge of full anal sex.

He wanted me to cum, though he was uninterested in being pushed over the edge as I played with his hard cock. I have never really understood this, to be honest - why end the fun by cumming? And considering how none of the men that have begged me to cum were actually interested in cumming themselves, it is reasonable to believe they share the same attitude.

Finally, having been so long on the edge of orgasm, I staggered out of the darkroom, seeing that more than an unbelievable hour and half had passed. I showered, being quite sweaty by this point, then wandered around upstairs for a while before returning to the darkroom. The space had several men in it, but it was possible for me to get to the far wall without awkwardness, noticing a couple of men along the gloryhole side of the space. 

Going to the other side of the glory hole wall, it took just seconds for a hand to begin to touch my cock after putting it through the hole. Soon, it felt like a mouth sliding over my cock, causing me to end up pressing against the wall, arms raised, pumping back and forth. My hand discovered an ass available at the lower hole to the right. Starting to finger it, remaining able to resist temptation, partially because of the skill of the stranger sucking me off through the hole. 

Too soon though, the mouth withdrew. However, another man was going past me just as that happened, and his fingers on my nipples kept me in place, cock hard, jutting through the gloryhole.

We soon became entwined, kissing, cock to cock, getting really turned on. He pressed my stiff rod under his balls, causing me to grab his hips and start humping him. Changing angle enough to feel a part of my flared cock ridge slide over amazingly soft skin, soon growing mindless again, knowing what that meant. We kissed, played with nipples, rubbed cocks together, but always came back to pumping my turned on cock between his thighs. 

Mainly because we had adjusted positions enough that my full cockhead was angled against his beckoning fuck hole. He had begun fingering my horny hole at the same time, a subtle pleasure that just grew more satisfying as my cock continued touching his soft anus.

He stepped back a bit, and it only became clear what he had done after it happened, having been transported to paradise. He had lubed his fingers before touching my ass again. It was extraordinarily hot, an exceptionally satisfying lube creating fantastic sensations as he began to slowly push his finger deeper, my hips moving. Rarely have I felt so completely slutty, his finger moving in rhythm with my motions, sinking my ass to get him to go deeper, talking dirty about men and ass fingering, about how men were better than women for this.

Followed by feeling something spreading over my cock, moaning "oh fuck yes .. fuck ,, oh yeah" as he spread lube down my shaft. It was unbelievably good, pretty much unlike any other lube I had ever felt. He kept stroking me as his finger pleasured my desiring hole, gasping as his finger came out and began to slide over my anus, starting to move my hips in desperation to get him to press in again, turning into a public slut for fingering.

Things grew ever more hazy, kissing and rubbing lubed cocks, getting finger fucked so good as my now slippery cockhead returned to his soft entrance. Like before, the word "no" mixed in with other words, in part helped by stroking myself as the finger fucking continued. It remained unbelievable how good the lube was, drifting in dreamy bliss, listening to him talk about ass fucking as my cock again slid between his thighs.

"God .. love it .. ass sex .. slut fuck sex .. with men.' We alternated between me grabbing my cock and jacking off with his stiff length squeezed along mine, and him guiding my cock to his ever more inviting hole. This time, poppers were not involved, just the undeniably and overwhelmingly desired sensation of letting my lubed cockhead go post his lubed ass, lubed hand stroking my lubed shaft.

The lube effected me like a sex drug, amazingly fast, from that first contact, and continuing until now. It had no smell, remaining perfectly slippery the entire time, never too much nor too little. I have experience with a number of lubes - Vaseline as the very first, when jacking off with a friend looking at late 70s Playboys and Penthouses. KY dries too fast, and though the old Fourex lambskin condom lube felt great, it really smelled. There is a toy with a 'bitter end' that has a fantastic lube, but that was in combination with other features, such as its exquisitely tight fit.

I only noticed another man moving by after he started to play with my nipples. It felt great, but had nothing to do with the intense game being played between two turned on sluts. He left, again barely noticed, this interval being one of the few things that separated waves of glorious sensation. He began to beg to be fucked, words that went straight to my cock. The only way to effectively stop them was to kiss him hard, tongue deep, though that often led to him sliding my cock around his ass as our mouths locked.

His finger fucking of my lubed ass was perfect, as if knowing exactly what I wanted when being fingered. Maybe a year had passed since enjoying such utterly decadent pleasures, but this was even hotter, as truly, the lube was magic anywhere.

I knew that what was going on involved dancing on a risky border, but unlike most times in the past, this was a result of my own decisions, ones that was thoroughly beyond regret now, my cock delightfully involved with his inviting ass. 

With lube on my hand, the chance to use poppers never really arose. That probably being a good thing, another point of what was left of my will considered completely fine, not breaking the firm rule of never fucking without a condom using poppers.

Our encounter continued, with him insisting on me cumming and filling his ass, with me resisting, hard and turned on, but in fuller control, with orgasm remaining unlikely. Though that did not apply regarding pumping my cock head, gasping "no" whenever my cock ridge went past his ass ring, always resisting the temptation to go just sink deeper into heaven, even if my pulling out was not immediate. 

Finally, cock growing softer, his temptations became less compelling as normal standards returned. Though I knew that in the hazy recent past, those temptations had been fully enjoyed, if not quite fully satisfied. 

The lube washed off as easily as one could hope, truly making me wonder where to get more. This time, though in some sense it felt longer, the clock showed 45 minutes had passed in paradise.

The visit had been completely exhilarating on top of everything else, like a high speed ride through miles of traffic, enjoying the thrill. And at least if the last couple of visits since then are a guide, not leading to further hazard. Sometimes, letting go is unavoidable, and afterwards, things settle down. For a while, at least.