 Riding home in the deepening twilight, having spent considerably more time than intended inside the bathhouse, cock extremely sensitive, pressing against jeans while weaving through traffic. Though after years of experience, it is true that men are better cock suckers, they also have the potential disadvantage of whiskers. Not that one necessarily cares about that while getting head for more than an hour at a stretch.

This visit had started out a bit unusually, with one of the largest lines I've ever seen waiting to get in. Generally, such a crowd is not a good sign actually, as a crowded bathhouse tends to have less sexual opportunities oddly enough. However, almost everyone seemed to be experienced visitors, many having a 10 card like myself, with all of us able to share the locker area without difficulty. 

Due to the crowd, it did take a while before finally being able to order my customary beer. I went upstairs, wandering through the new section, then to the other side, walking past the first video booth. And pausing, the screen showing a group of men having sex with each other. This is the sort of porn that thoroughly turns me on, men with hard cocks playing with each other, licking nipples and cocks and necks and asses. I spread my towel and started stroking.

Soon sinking into a proper bathhouse state of mind, of the sort that is so utterly entrancing, giving in to desire. Helped not only by the beer, but also by some potent organic smoke. Anybody now walking by could see what I was doing while watching explicit gay porn, naked, legs spread in invitation. Everything was still in my black bag when a man walked by, peering in. He stopped, and causing hopes to rise along with a stiffening prick in anticipation.

The porn remained the main attraction, even when making my interest in cock more obvious, looking directly at his towel covered crotch with obvious attention more than once. He moved out of view a couple of times, but always returned, the third time by stepping into the video cabin and closing the door. His hands began to slide lightly over my legs and thighs, an exquisite sensation as I kept stroking myself, watching gay group sex on the screen. My extended foot parted his towel, running over his bare thigh, then higher. Such explicit invitations are part of what makes sex with strangers so hot - there is no need to wonder about whether someone is interested. 

He got on the platform, hands now exquisitely exploring over my chest, seeing the same thing happening among the men on the screen. Men who have sex with other men know just how hot nipples can get when hard, and how good it feels to slide fingers over hair over thighs, under the balls, along the crack. Jacking off like this, another man pleasuring me, has become utterly spellbinding. This first occurred after going to porn shops with video rooms, of different sizes, some with doors that could be locked. I've watched porn with women over the years, including when both of us were stoned and using poppers, but a skilled man is truly irresistible.

The joy continued, my foot sliding over his sack and swelling cock, moaning about porn and hot sex, until his shifting made it clear he was going to go down on my available naked length. Positioning my cockhead right at his lips, saying "Take it .. sexy cock .. suck me .. oh .. fuck .. yeah .. yeaahhh" until unable to speak as my length slid past soft lips into his wet welcoming mouth. Watching the oral action on the screen the entire time as a stranger started going down on me, the merging of porn and reality overwhelmingly sexual, shameless in letting myself enter this irresistible sexual state.

This sort of pure sexual delight is why I have become such a regular bathhouse visitor, this being a place that allows me to get so slutty, sharing and being shared among other sluts. The haze of sex filled my mind, only occasionally letting me realize what was happening as his mouth went from my erect cock to a nipple, allowing me to play with myself, unable to stop. Which he knew, of course. He went to his knees, and bringing our cocks together, waited with opened lips until he began kissing me, his body now starting to block my view. 

We continued to explore and enjoy each other, a finger playing with his ass as he licked my neck, his hand on my shaft while I squeezed one of his nipples. He went down on me again, then moved over my opened legs. After a bit, I turned and got out the poppers and condoms, making sure the camera was available. Our cocks were touching, moaning about gay porn and having a camera, barely concentrating enough to turn it on and then point it to where we jacking off together.

He moved several times, allowing me to start sliding my turned-on cockhead over his nipple, a wonderfully erotic sensation, taking pictures, babbling about nipple sex and porn pictures, getting a huge sexual thrill each time the flash went off, knowing that the pictures would show me having hot sex with another man.

Followed by the new experience of my horny cock in a luxuriously soft beard, rubbing against it, amazed at how it felt. Moaning about how hot it was to play with my cock when surrounded by beard hair, lost in sensations which could only happen when having sex with a man. Demonstrating another variation on the delights a male only sauna provides, of the sort that have been known for thousands of year, bathhouses as a place for male sex being a very long tradition.

After going down on me again, he moved his legs outside mine, hand on my cock as he began to talk about doing more. Knowing what that meant as he started to make his intentions obvious. Able to say "condoms" a couple of times, but not preventing his hand from bringing my stiff cock between his legs as he lowered himself. Frozen in anticipation, honest enough to admit that I wanted my naked cock to feel his soft ass, though determined to keep within boundaries that have yet to be crossed. And hoping that he would take the lead in covering my cock before any fucking started.

After my cock first felt his soft hole, I put a hand down on to my length, playing with myself while feeling a man's ass, so close to cumming, even more tempted by that than entering. The sense of the forbidden was powerful, even including the idea of pumping cum on his ass. Though only as a fleeting fancy, as cumming so early in the visit would limit potential fun. 

The teasing became more serious, as did my refusal to do more than touch and rub, regardless of how often he would coo how good it would feel, my cock knowing he was right. When he went down on me again, I started to seriously play with his hole, feeling him respond, his cocksucking reflecting how much he was getting off on it. Having managed to reach a certain stable condition while sucking and finger fucking, I got the rush out, did a hit, closing the bottle tightly, letting my finger go back to fucking his soft hole. As the rush filled me, I started to move deeper into his mouth, setting up a rhythm between my cock and finger, feeling so dirty and slutty to be sucked with a finger being squeezed inside a stranger's willing ass.

Breathing out, unable to keep from talking about sex with men, how I loved it and cannot stop from enjoying it, humping into his wet mouth. Feeling how his soft tunnel pulsed around my finger, a substitute for my cock. Pulling him up to kiss greedily, knowing that my wettened cock would begin to slide over his soft entrance, hand already jacking off. I love kissing cocksuckers, playing games with them mouth to mouth. Still, barely, I was able to keep from fucking, in part by using two fingers to fill his ass as we went cock to cock. 

The porn continued on the screen, but less interestingly than what he did to me, such as licking my nipples as he jerked off my cock, right to the edge of orgasm, then again positioning his yielding hole against my horny cock, leading to another extended session of resisted temptation. Or, as I was honest enough to realize, giving in to the temptation of letting my cock touch a man's sexy hole, especially when wet with spit and pre-cum.

Finally, we parted, allowing me the chance to put the camera away before going to the steamroom.

Like the rest of the bathhouse, it was full, and soon I was enjoying being part of a group of turned on sweaty men playing with each other, kissing and licking and stroking. Strangely enough, little cocksucking was going on, including those men who try to force others to suck them off. It was easily 10 men I played with until the heat grew too much to bear, and only a couple had sucked any cock, much less mine. Yet the number of mouths that I kissed, and which had pleasured my nipples was easily over a half dozen.

By this point, I had been at the baths for almost two hours, still far from ready to leave. Cleaning myself at the showers, cock horny while soaping its extended length. Drying off, then feeling a bit chilled going up the spiral staircase, another sign of the changing season. 

Upstairs remained full, including a number of men waiting outside empty booths. The the number of opened door booths with men in them, in a variety of positions, was notable, even if my desire was running more along the lines of group sex. The porn area was also full, though not really tempting, sitting there for a couple of minutes among a half dozen other men not having sex with each other.

I went into the darkroom, now more than a bit chaotic, but after a couple of fleeting opportunities, a man whispered to me about going to the wall to get sucked off. I tried to follow his progress while finding the hole and putting my cock through, gasping with the first contact of his soft lips on my cockhead. Soon, I had become a total slut, banging against the wall, trying to go ever deeper into the wet softness of a stranger's mouth. 

Things grew ever more confused, several men coming up behind me as the sucking became irregular, possibly because he was sucking off another man. It took a while to thread my way out of the crowd, finding upstairs still full, both video cabins with closed doors, and the room where I first photographed participating in male group sex remained unavailable. Oddly, that room almost always has a shut door, except for the time I spent in it with multiple men where the door remained open for more than an hour while taking pictures of a number of turned on partners. 

Returning to the dark room, needing to wait for at least 5 people to leave before entering the dimness. Able to find free space in the middle of the platform, I went towards the back wall. Thinking the rear area empty, I then discovered a man to my left. We soon began to touch and stroke, and it took little time before the 4th man of the day took my cock into his mouth. A reasonable assumption, though there was no question that by now my mind was fully clouded by all the sex I'd enjoyed, precise numbers retaining an element of guesswork.

A man was settled on my right, near the rear entrance, making me reach out to begin playing with his nipple before sliding the other hand down to make his cock hard. The man to my left sat up as another man settled on to the platform, his hand sliding over one thigh, then the other as it went further, finding my cock. The new man replaced the now leaving cock sucker, taking my cock deep, in a familiar fashion. Reaching down, I discovered it was the first man of the visit, his soft beard very distinctive.  

The man to my right loved having his nipples played with while he jacked off, and when my original cocksucker left, I began to think about positioning myself to be sucked by a man. One who was in an ideal place to encounter willing partners, whose hard cock I was jacking off. However, such thoughts took too long, though there is no question he loved being pleasured by my squeezing and fondling fingers. A man approached from the other side, and fed his cock to the laying man.

He too was vocal, a surprise as generally men do not really express themselves audibly at the baths. Something I am unable to stop myself from doing, most of the time, and something which is a real turn on to listen to. The new man added his own framework, talking about filling a girly mouth with hard cock. Before the third man had joined us, we had each moaned about how good nipple sex felt, as he played with my nipples too.

Now, in a darkroom, hearing the standing man feeding his cock downwards start to talk, saying "Take it you girly cock sucker, deeper - like a girl" as he began to pump a stranger's mouth, enjoying being in a dominant position. I kept playing with the cock sucker's nipples, twisting and rubbing, fully aware that he was hard and stroking himself. Bending over to have my face at his naked chest, I added a few words of my own - "Girly tits, sexy tits, girly licking." There is something really erotic when a man fantasizes about being a woman, and it seemed like he was falling under a certain spell. A spell that oddly works best when your cock is really turned on.

Only once have I been with a cross dresser in my years of having sex with men. It started in the hot tub here, all of us naked. When we went upstairs to a cabin, he brought along a gym bag, and after getting really turned on again, he said he wanted to get dressed - putting on stockings, panties, and a bra. I spent quite a bit of time licking his panties and bra, soaking them through as he got so turned on, talking how hot it felt to be played with like this. Wanting to know how sexy it felt to play with a woman as I got on top of him, humping his still covered crotch.

Returning to mutual masturbation, I told him about my couple of experiences with female underwear, including how good it felt getting jacked off wearing my then girlfriend's panties. Talking this way led to naughty desires, easy to say when he started sucking me, moaning about how hot it would be to wear panties and a bra, and to be felt up like a slut. To my delight, he had a bra and panties available, though in honesty, they were not the sort that a woman would wear. Not that I cared, as the fantasy unrolled, acting like a female, feeling my cock and nipples be played while wearing panties and a bra. The sex we had for over an hour was hot for a number of reasons, but one was definitely talking about each other as women.

Saying "I love kissing girly tits," my tongue began wetly gliding over his hard nipple, reaching down to start touching his hard cock, my hand replacing his. He was thoroughly enjoying the nipple play, a spell so easy to fall under, lost in the delight of totally pleasuring another man. 

The third man did not take much time to cum, though it was hard to know where precisely. He promptly left the darkroom, as the other man got up and went to the towel holder at the darkroom corner, using several paper towels before returning to his spot, a bit to my surprise. But as we went back to playing with our cocks and each others nipples, I could not stop talking about girly nipples, and how good it felt to lick and play with them.

We both had been slowly shifting position, the fact that his mouth might have just been filled with cum was not a problem. Instead, it was a turn-on as my hand began feeding cock into his wet mouth. After the first couple of fantastic strokes, it did not feel as if he had just swallowed a load of semen compared to a couple of hot experiences in the past. As my mind began to haze in that magical bliss, I realized this was the fifth man to suck my cock today. 

Playing with his hard cock, not really able to remember the number of touched cocks, certainly more greater number. Fully becoming a bathhouse slut, unable to resist enjoying the company of other sluts. We played for a while, his fingers rubbing my nipples as he sucked me, and me jerking him off - until at some point, he began to move my hand away, to keep from orgasming. Something easily communicated, completely understanding the attraction of not cumming too fast - or at all. And indulging in the attraction of keeping him so close to cumming without ever pushing him over the edge.

A new man approached from the front, between us. Easily deciding to see if he would be the 6th man to suck my hard cock, mainly by making sure to attract his full attention, spreading my legs as his hand began to stroke, jacking off a slippery hard cock, pointing it at him as began to move closer before going down on me. Of course I groaned as his mouth and tongue pleasured my cock, playing with his hard cock at the same time, my right hand continuing to play with the other man's nipple, knowing he was still on the edge of orgasm, touching his cock.

Getting the brown bottle out was easy, doing a big hit before going down on my latest cock sucker. 69ing on poppers is indescribably alluring, as if both cocks were connected while being sucked, merging into a immense rod of pure sex surrounded by endless soft wetness. We continued enjoying each others hard cock, until he gently pushed my head away. 

Followed by things shifting even more, at least for me, with a stranger's mouth leaving my cock coated in spit when he moved away for whatever reason. The sounds in the darkroom made it plain that several men were having sex, Returning to the previous partner, placing a newly sucked hard cock on his lips, feeling them open around my cock head, saying "Yeah .. suck it .. suck my cock .. better than a girl" as my fingers played with a hard nipple.

The baths allow for a freedom that is indescribable when indulging in it, starting to hump a stranger's face, talking about how men are so good at cock sucking, better than any woman, and how much I love getting sucked by a horny man. No question that hot sex includes fantasy, but generally, I prefer the real over the imagined. Such as the reality that basically all men at the baths are fantastic at sucking cock, much better than a typical woman in my experience. 

Settling into a luxurious pattern, neither of us quite cumming or making the other cum, enjoying how temptation changed into contentment. We both cycled from hard and soft, until the pleasure reaches a level where that is irrelevant, the timeless sensations becoming something like an ongoing orgasm without release.

The space had grown crowded, and during a short pause, looking around, it appeared that leaving would be a challenge. One that was delayed as he went down on me yet again, mind disappearing in luscious liquid pleasure. When able to think again, I actually made it over him and through the entrance. 

Only to discover that this side was packed, without any way to get past different men entwined with each other. Still wanting to, but unable to go this way, planning becoming impossible as my cock re-entered a familiar mouth. Making me let go, starting to face fuck him, hands holding his head. Slowing a bit, reaching down to play with his cock and nipple, talking about how it is so much better to be sucked by a man than any woman, how much I love my cock in a man's talented mouth.

After another heavenly interval, a way to leave appeared. Carefully placing my hands and feet in the free spaces to thread through the platform until reaching the hallway. 

It was a shock to see that an hour and a half had passed. Meaning that my cock had likely been sucked for more than a half hour by a single man, along with the time spent in a couple of other mouths. The baths are truly heaven for cock sucking, fully aware that this is why so many men are regulars.