 I couldn't wait to get off the bus and get back to the jock dorm. I was tired and wanted to sleep, but most of all, I was excited about the new world that had opened up for me. I tried not to think too much about the implications...after all, I wasn't gay. I had fucked plenty of women and thoroughly enjoyed the experience; I had had my cock sucked and had eaten pussy, and had never thought twice about it...but thinking about Chad's cock, hands, and ass was a whole new level of enjoyment. His last comment had left me vaguely anxious and disturbed...after all, hadn't he said nothing else had happened between he and Cliff? I don't suppose it really mattered...but then again, it kind of did. I guess I wanted Chad all to myself.

I got back to the room before he did and unpacked impatiently. Well, dumped my stuff on the floor is more the truth. I did laundry the typical guy way – throw it all in the washing machine, dump some detergent in, and hope for the best. I turned on the TV and lay down on my bed, my heart beating in anticipation of Chad coming in. I thought back to everything that had happened over the past couple of days, and found myself becoming stiff again. I groaned and rolled over, reaching into my sweats and massaging my tender cock. I don't think it had ever seen so much action, even with me jacking off as much as I usually did. Slowly, I fell asleep, dreaming of Chad's cock and his mouth sucking mine.

When I woke up later, it was dark in the room. I sat up, groggy and disoriented, and heard the familiar sound of Chad's breathing across the room. Part of me was slightly hurt that he hadn't woken me up, and I had to wonder exactly when he had come in. I sat there for a few minutes before I realized that I was naked, and I knew I hadn't been naked when I'd fallen asleep earlier. I must have really been asleep not to feel Chad pulling my pants and shirt off! 

I got up and softly walked over to his bed. He was sprawled out in his typical fashion, his long limbs splayed out, legs tangled in the sheets, snoring gently. He was naked, too, and I stood there for a moment, drinking in the sight of his gorgeous body. It amazed me how many times I had seen that body naked, but had never appreciated it the way I did now. His cock was soft and laying to one side, and I stared at it, my mind whirling. It seemed like there was nothing else in the room except for that gorgeous cock and me.

Taking a deep breath, I knelt next to his bed and reached out for it, taking it in my hand and feeling its weight. Even soft, his cock was pretty big. I held it for a minute, then closed my hand around it and started to stroke it gently. Chad moaned and shifted, but didn't wake up. I stroked his cock with one hand and gently rubbed his balls with the other, and slowly, his cock began to turn rigid. I looked up at his face, but he was still asleep, although he had begun to breathe a bit harder and his hips were moving up and down as I stroked him. I was getting excited, too, and could feel my cock getting hard.

I shifted and moved up to sit next to him, trying to move the bed as little as possible. His cock was fully hard by now, and was becoming slick from the fluid coming out of his hole. I leaned over and licked the head, running my tongue around the ridge of it and down the shaft. He moaned even louder this time, and I looked up at him to see that he was struggling to wake up. I slid his whole cock in my mouth and started to suck on him, and he arched his back and put his hands on the back of my head.

"Oh fuck, Brian," he moaned. "What a great way to wake up." He laced his hands together on the back of my head and pushed me down on his cock as he thrust his hips up. I nearly gagged, but managed to relax and gain control as I felt the tip of his cock on the back of my throat. I breathed through my nose and concentrated on being still while he face-fucked me, and when I looked up at him, his head was thrown back and his eyes were closed. That excited me almost more than having his cock in my mouth, and I had to reach down and stroke my own cock. 

I could feel Chad's cock begin to throb in my mouth, so I reached up and started stroking it as I sucked him. I knew that was exciting him, because he started jerking his hips up and put his hand over mine, making me stroke him even harder and faster. My head was moving up and down so fast that I had to close my eyes, then suddenly he raised his hips and shoved his cock deep into my mouth, and he came so much that most of it spilled out of my mouth and onto the sheets. He groaned and kept his hands on my head, jerking his hips, so I sucked him until he shoved my head away. He grabbed me and pulled me up next to him, wrapping his arms around me and squeezing me as his breathing calmed down. My cock was still hard, poking against his leg, and I reached down and held his cock in my hand. 

We lay there like that for a minute, then he suddenly rolled over on top of me and pinned my arms above my head. He leaned down and kissed me, hard, then bit my neck and moved down to bite my nipples. I cried out in surprise as his teeth rubbed over my erect nipples, and I wrapped my legs around his hips and pushed my hard cock against him.

"What do you want, boy?" he grunted, looming over me again. His hands were wrapped around my wrists, then he moved one of my arms so both of my wrists were held together with one of his hands. With his other one, he reached down and grabbed my cock, which by now was aching and throbbing because I was so hard and excited. 

"Ahhh..." I moaned, feeling his big hand enclose my cock. He rubbed his thumb over the tip of it as he squeezed, and I started thrusting into his hand as he kissed me again. His tongue lashed my mouth and his lips devoured me. I was going crazy, my cock hard as a rock and slick in his hand, and he slid down and took it in his mouth. He sucked me hard, running his tongue over me, and I felt myself about to explode. He let go of my hands and I grabbed his head and jammed my hips up, my cock going deep into his mouth. He tightened his lips and sucked harder, and I came so hard that my ears throbbed. He seemed to be glued to my cock, sucking all my come and licking me all over. 

"Ahhh god..." I moaned, still jamming my cock into his warm wet mouth. He put his hands under my ass and pulled me into him, lifting my hips and swirling his tongue around the length of my cock.

"Mmm..." he said, finally lifting his head. I leaned back, gasping, so tired I could hardly move. "Tasty."

I laughed, and he wiped his chin, then sat up and straddled me, his cock lying along my stomach. He reached down and rubbed my chest, his hands flicking my nipples, then ran his hands up and down my stomach and over my shoulders. I looked up at him, my hands moving on his thighs. He just sat there touching me for a long time, and we didn't speak. As my hands became more restless and started to roam over his body, I felt his cock twitch. I looked, and sure enough, he was getting hard again. I looked up into his eyes and saw the amusement and desire there.

"Why didn't you wake me up when you got home?" I asked, my hands sliding up and down his sides.

"I tried to, but you were out cold," he said. "I thought you would wake up when I started to undress you, but you didn't move. I figured if I let you rest, you'd have more strength for later."

"Good idea," I murmured, then slid my hands to his ass. His cock was still getting hard, but I deliberately didn't touch it. I watched it grow in length as I rubbed his ass and his back. He just sat there, still touching me, watching his own cock as it grew.

He leaned forward and bent down to kiss me, and when he did, I put both hands on his ass cheeks and spread them open. He gasped, then pushed his ass toward me, his hard cock rubbing against my stomach. I gently slid one finger into his asshole, and he moaned, tightening his ass around me. 

"You like my tight ass, boy?" he said in my ear, panting slightly.

"Fuck yeah," I said, feeling my cock start to harden at the feel of his breath in my ear.

"You want to slide your cock into my tight hole, don't you?" he asked, grinding into me. 

"Ohh fuck yeah," I moaned, imagining the tightness of it around my cock.

He sat up and moved so my cock was in between his ass cheeks and the tip of it was touching the back of his balls. He guided my cock into place and rocked back and forth, and I started moving back and forth, my cock rubbing against his skin. 

"I want to fuck your ass," I whispered, my hands on his hips. He grinned at me, then leaned over and grabbed my cock with one hand. He guided it to his asshole and put just the tip in, then slowly lowered himself on top of me.

"OHHH FUCK!!" I cried out, feeling the incredible tightness closing around my throbbing cock. He grunted in pleasure and pain and lowered himself until my entire cock was inside him, then he sat there, looking down at me, his eyes half closed.

"Fuck me, Brian," he gasped, and began to move up and down on my cock. I could hardly move, it felt so good. His asshole was incredibly tight, and I have to say, it was better than any pussy I had ever had – even virgin pussy. I began to thrust up into him, and even though it must have hurt him some, he forced himself down on my cock so I sank into him all the way to my balls.

"Ohhh yesssss..." I moaned, and Chad took my hand and placed it on his cock so I could stroke him and fuck him at the same time. The feel of his hard cock in my hand and my hard cock in his tight ass was exquisite. I pumped my hips up and down and stroked him in rhythm, his hands on my chest as he rode me. I put my head back and closed my eyes, thinking of nothing but the incredible pleasure of the friction on my cock. Chad was moaning loudly as I fucked him, and I could only imagine how my cock must have felt inside him. 

His cock was hard and slick in my hand, and I closed my fist tighter around him, knowing how roughly he liked his cock to be handled. I jerked him hard, fucked him hard, and soon began to feel the explosion building inside me. I wasn't sure he wanted me to come in his ass, so I gasped, "I'm gonna blow, Chad." 

He opened his eyes and put his hand over my hand on his cock, making me jerk him even harder. "You want to come in my ass or my mouth?" he asked, and although I didn't want to leave the tight hole my cock was jamming into, I wanted to feel him sucking me as I came.

"Your mouth," I moaned, and he pulled himself off of me with an audible pop, then bent down and slid my cock in his mouth and began stroking and sucking me hard and fast. He was stroking his own cock at the same time, and although I wanted to reach over and do it for him, the incredible pleasure building inside me was too much. All I could do was put my hands on the back of his head and force him down on me as I began to come. I sprayed hard, and he kept his mouth glued to my cock, sucking and licking me until I had to move him away. My hips kept twitching, and he slid back on top of me so that his cock was pointed right at my face. He closed his fist around his cock and started fucking his hand, the tip of his cock sliding out and hitting me in the chin at every thrust. 

"Ohh," he groaned, then suddenly he came all over me, his creamy load splatting all over my face. I put my hands on his ass and pushed him forward so I could lick his cock, and he leaned over me, letting his softening cock rub all over me. He collapsed next to me, both of us panting and sweaty.

"Jesus," he said. "We're going to wear each other our if we keep this up."

I laughed and flopped a hand over to hit him, leaving it to rest on his chest. "No shit. I never want to leave this room again, you know?"

"Yeah, but that might look a little weird," he said, turning over on his side to look at me. He reached out and started running his hand over my chest and stomach, lightly, enough to make me shiver in pleasure.

"I have to ask you something," I said, loving the feel of his hand on me.

"What?" he asked, looking at me.

"Well, you told me you had only let Cliff suck you off that one time."

"Yeah, and?" he said, still stroking my skin lightly.

"So was that true?" I asked.

"No," he said simply.

"No? What do you mean, no?" I asked, sitting up and looking at him.

"Come on, Brian. It was hard enough for me to admit that he'd done it the once until I was sure you would be okay with it," he said.

"Okay, so tell me the truth now," I said.

"The truth is, I've been fucking him and letting him blow me since high school," he said.

I had forgotten about them going to high school together. I wasn't quite sure what to think.

"So you ARE a fag," I said flatly.

"Yes," he said, watching me.

I just sat there, not saying anything, feeling the jealousy rip through me. He must have seen what I was thinking, because he sat up and pulled me into his arms.

"Look, Brian," he said. "You've got to understand, guys like us don't 'do' relationships. I'm glad you like to play with me as much as I like to play with you, but don't go thinking we're exclusive or anything. I like to fuck guys. I like hard cock up my ass, in my mouth, and I like my cock in a guy's mouth. I like getting hand jobs, and giving them. I especially like finding straight guys and showing them the ropes."

"Like with me," I said, not sure what to feel.

"Yeah, like with you. It's cool that you're my roomie, because if you want to, I'll fuck with you every night and twice a day if you can handle it. You also need to be able to handle that I'll fuck whomever I want, whenever I want. That's just the way it is. If you can't handle that, maybe one of us needs to move out."

I pulled back. "No! I don't want that. I just need time to get used to this, that's all."

He smiled and leaned over to kiss me. "Good. Now let's go to sleep, we've got shit to do today."

I started to get up and go to my own bed, but he stopped me and pulled me down next to him, scooting up against my back. He put his arm around me and pulled me close, his hand moving down to take my tender cock in his hand. I groaned, and he laughed, biting my shoulder.

"Don't worry, I know you're tired. I just love this cock. Now go to sleep."

I drifted off, feeling his long body against my back, his hand loosely holding my cock, knowing this was going to be an interesting ride.

When I woke up, Chad was already gone. I figured he had gone to work out, so I went to have a shower and get ready to go to the ball field. The rest of the night had been interesting, sleeping in the same bed with Chad. We didn't have sex again, although at one point I woke up to him thrusting gently into my back. I murmured his name, but he must have been dreaming. His cock was semi-hard, and I liked how it felt when he pressed it up against me. I let him sleep, and eventually, he subsided and began snoring again.

After my shower, I went back to the room and got dressed in shorts and a t-shirt, then headed over to the baseball field. There were still a few days until classes started, but the team was practicing and working out to get ready for the season. It was still kind of early and no one was on the field yet, so I went into the locker room to change into my gear and get my glove.

It was very quiet, but as I walked past a storage room, I heard something strange. It was muffled, but definitely sounded like a moan to me. Interested, I put my ear against the door and listened harder. Yes, it was a moan all right, and I thought I recognized it. I opened the door a crack and sure enough, Chad was standing up against the wall, Cliff kneeling in front of him, sucking his cock. As usual, Chad had his eyes closed, so I stood there and watched for a while, fascinated at the sight of his cock going in and out of Cliff's mouth. He had his hands on the back of Cliff's head and was thrusting gently back and forth, and Cliff seemed to have no trouble taking his entire length deep in his throat. Cliff's pants were pulled down and he was stroking his own cock, which was stiff and almost as big as Chad's. As I watched, I felt myself getting a little jealous, then remembered what Chad had said and tried to stifle it, concentrating instead on watching how Cliff sucked his cock. Soon enough, Chad said, "Fuck, I'm coming," and shoved his cock deep inside Cliff's mouth. Cliff held on and swallowed Chad's load, not moving until Chad pulled himself out of Cliff's mouth. Cliff stood up, still stroking his cock, and placed one of Chad's hands on it. Chad smiled and stroked him until Cliff came, and at that point I softly closed the door and hurried into the locker room to change.

All through practice, I kept looking at the two of them, imagining all the stuff they had done together since high school. I imagined the first time Chad had his cock sucked, and found myself tingling at the thought of his high school cock being swallowed by his teammate. I remembered how I felt the first time Chad sucked me, and it was all I could do to concentrate on practice. After what seemed like forever, Coach called us all in from the field and told us to hit the showers. 

As the team filed in, joking and calling each other names as usual, I watched carefully to see if I could pick up any signals. I watched Cliff as he got ready for his shower, noticing him look at Rob and give a slight nod of the head. Rob smiled at him and took off his clothes, and I noticed Cliff watching him. I looked around, noticing for the first time how my teammates all had incredible bodies. I couldn't help but look at their cocks and asses in a whole new light, and found myself growing hard just looking at them.

"Shit!" I thought, covering myself with a towel. It wouldn't do at all to have the other guys see me getting a hard on while looking at them. I had a feeling it was more than just Rob, Cliff, Chad and I who were into cock, but I wasn't sure who and didn't want to take a chance. I stood there until Rob left the room and headed for a shower, then watched as Cliff followed him after a couple of minutes. None of the other guys seemed to notice, so after a few minutes, I followed them.

They had gone to the area of the room that had stalls instead of the communal shower, and I had a hard time finding them at first. Finally, I heard a low grunting sound, and I quietly followed it until I came to the last stall, which was kind of hidden in a small hallway (the locker room was very old and had been added on to a lot, creating neat little hidden places). The curtain was pulled over the opening, so I carefully pulled it aside just enough for me to see in. Immediately, I was greeted by the sight of Rob's ass flexing as he slid his cock in and out of Cliff's ass. Cliff was bent over, bracing himself on the walls of the shower, and Rob was leaning over his back as he fucked him. 

"Damn!" I thought, wishing I could see better. I watched Rob's ass muscles clench and release as he fucked him, and could tell that he had reached around and was jacking Cliff off at the same time. My own cock began to grow, and I slid my towel off and began to stroke it as I watched. That Cliff really was a cock slut, and I was getting into watching Rob fuck him when I felt a hand clap over my mouth and I was seized from behind. I tried to struggle, but the person behind me dragged me back and away from the shower stall. He pulled me inside a storage room and closed the door, turning me around to face him. It was Chad.

"Fuck!" I said, hitting him. "You scared the shit out of me!"

He laughed and looked down at my cock, still semi-erect. "Enjoying the show, were you?" he asked.

"Uh," I said, blushing. "Yeah, you could say that."

"And the one this morning, did you enjoy it, too?" 

I looked at him, startled. "You knew I was there?" I asked.
