 Different visits have different moods, with this Saturday turning out to possess a fantastically oral one. The bathhouse was not very crowded, and for the first half hour there, I seemed to be pretty much alone upstairs. This pattern seems normal maybe 2/3s of the time, just part of arriving around opening. Plus, it allows time for the beer to add to the effects of the smoke enjoyed immediately before riding. This combination makes the baths irresistibly enticing, enjoying sex with a group of equally horny strangers.

Returning to the porn theater section, the scene on the screen was intriguing. Even more interesting were the two men in the top tier jacking each other off. Going to the top level near the wall, I placed my bag, condoms, and magic brown bottle to the left. And seemingly inevitably quickly became part of a threesome, first taking a bit of time to get really turned on watching them, then slowly moving closer to the man in the center as I stroked my now stiff rod. Touching and caressing the first man of the visit, finding his nipples so sexy, dark and quite hard, licking one, each of us getting more turned on. Soon, I was able to get the other man more involved, my stretched right hand fondling his stiff cock.

Willingly submerging in the sensations of watching the sexy porn, stroking and being stroked, knowing there were other men nearby, and not caring as the sex kept getting hotter. Letting my head loll, looking at what had become a hot blowjob, I couldn't stop stroking seeing a sexy hard cock swallowed by a stranger's mouth, left hand playing with the sucked man's nipple, moaning as his shaft went deeper into a slut's willing mouth, "sexy cock .. sucker .. hot sex."

We slowly shifted and rearranged positions before my cock was surrounded by the slut's horny lips. This sort of satisfaction is why I come to the baths, after all, getting completely turned on and having sex with other men. Such as here, watching hot gay porn in public, horny hard length being sucked deeper, a nipple being licked by the aroused man I'm jacking off. The cock sucker returned to his first goal, providing a fantastic view of his going down on another man, my hand stroking a now slippery length. Fully entranced, fascinated seeing the same sort of sex I had just enjoyed, knowing that the sucked man was now in the same paradise. 

Several men came and left underneath us as we continued pleasuring each other. The porn steadily became a lesser attraction as the blow job continued in front of me, with intervals where the wettened cock between us was on display, making me moan about how sexy it looked. However, it was not precisely offered for sharing, which suited my mood - and provided the time needed to get the poppers ready. Knowing he was being watched, our mutual cock sucker went down to the middle tier, on his knees, providing a serious voyeur thrill, seeing two men have sex.

A man had sat down in the middle tier near my feet, causing me to notice that a smallish crowd had gathered below. Soon, the man beneath me turned, taking my rigid shaft in hand, starting to go down on its willing length. My left hand stroked the head of the first cock sucker while the right hand played with the sucked man's nipples. Watching two men suck cock at the same time, both kneeling a level lower, especially considering how both had taken me into their mouths, was an amazing turn-on. With a serious feeling of sexual power, being serviced in front of other men.

Continuing to play with the first two men, my new cock sucker started using a new manual technique, his wettened hand running over my cockhead while the other jacked a slippery shaft. This brought me to the edge of orgasm several times, yet it was possible to remain in control, riding the unending waves of satisfaction. Even when the first man skillfully went down on me again, often letting me feed him cock as I controlled the pace. The man next to me kissed my sensitive nipple, nibbled on my neck, and let his hand stroke along my thighs, much the same as I had done to him since our first touching.

When the second cock sucker left, his position was quickly filled. By now, the sitting man's rigid cock was more often openly exposed as I bent closer, looking at its glistening sexiness while jacking off a rigid shaft, groaning about hot cock. Still aware that other men were watching just added to the thrill of preparing to go down on a sexy naked cock. The first time bending near its entrancing length, I lightly held the root, slowly licking my tongue over his lusciously soft skin, feeling his reaction to a second man's lips and tongue. I could not stop from licking the entire sexy length, up and down, multiple times.

Leaving my cock unattended to better ride the coming flood of pleasure from going down on a man, I sat up and did a hit of rush before taking his luscious full cock into my mouth. A sensation that soon grew hotter and utterly enveloping when the man beneath me started to take my cock into his mouth. A completely unexpected, and perfectly timed, delight. I have read about how poppers are used for anal sex, but for me, poppers make oral sex unbelievably erotic. Your cock feels gigantic, surrounded by an infinite wet smoothness. And doubly so when being in the middle, sucking and sucked, sinking into pure male bliss, surrounded by hot slut angels giving in to shared desires.

Breathing out, saying "oh fuck yes .. god yes .. love .. cock sucking" before going down again, my jutting and incredibly immense cock in this visit's third man's surrounding mouth. His non-verbal querying led me to spread my ass, leg lifted, making it obvious that it would love attention. He licked a finger, then started to touch my hole, an extremely enjoyable sensation, particularly when combined with head. 

My attention more than occasionally strayed to the man to the right, seeing how he was being sucked, again from the side, at our level. I kept playing with his delightful nipples, fairly often letting a hand flow over both of their bodies. Becoming completely lost in the pleasure of group sex, just like my partners were. We continued to pleasure each other as the porn scene reached its end, a minor detail by this point. 

Slowly, the intensity faded to the point that we were no longer a mindless group of men lost in the delights of oral sex, an inevitable outcome, even if all of us were undoubtedly looking forward to further encounters.

Downstairs, the whirlpool was full, with apparently no one doing anything - typical when it gets crowded. I put my towel into a free cubbyhole along the wall of the steam room, and went into it, quickly finding someone to play with.

He went down on me after just a couple of moments of mutually enticing exploring. Such a direct start to having hot sex is a turn on itself, something clearly known to those who do it in a place filled with men only, where men are free to indulge themselves. Like now letting a stranger take a horny cock into their welcoming mouth.

He rose and kissed me hungrily, cocks sliding as we humped each other. He went down on me a second time after breaking that first extended kiss, his skills delightfully enhanced by his desire for more, something offered only by a man. The transition from his mouth to ass was heavenly, enjoying the sensations right to the edge of what is now allowed during a visit. The feeling of my cock against such soft inviting skin is so good, too good to avoid just because I'm not wearing a condom. Or especially because my naked cock is not covered. 

To be honest, it had been clear for a while that he wanted my cock, a thought that grew more thrilling, just part of the intense wave carrying me along. To the point where the coated cockhead was perfectly positioned just outside of an ass I could so easily fuck, submerging in how his hole felt just at my cock tip. Including a couple of times my cock ridge slid past his anal ring, loving the forbidden sensations, impossible to stop from taking advantage of the opportunity to again understand why a naked cock is such an enthusiastically poor guide in making rational decisions. 

After it became clear that we would not be fucking, regardless of a couple of teasing moments, he pulled me to the bench along the back wall. He sat down, and I placed a foot on the bench next to him, cock temptingly near his mouth. Still hard, the feeling of his lips sliding down my shaft wonderfully enhancing the awareness of how many men were having sex around us. As he went down on me, a few other men made brief contact, but we were basically a pair, something the potential partners quickly realized. Except for one man who thought I would be interested in his quite clumsy fingering, requiring the use a bit of force when holding his wrist for the third time to make plain my utter lack of interest in what he was doing. 

The steambath's heat creates a limit to how long one can stay in paradise. Something clear as he stood, kissed me a last time, then left. Following a minute later, I showered, then went back upstairs. In the darkroom, it was possible to enjoy a few minutes of rest, since the space was empty. Soon, though, another cock sucker found me. Another partner who then wanted my slick hard cock rubbing against his yielding hole, something we enjoyed a bit. Including the now stylized moaning of "no, not naked .. god yes .. so hot," much like in the past, getting my bare cock sucked when still trying to use condoms before simply surrendering to the pleasure of a mouth sliding over my turned on cock head, moving ever further down the shaft.

A fact from the past that keeps me cautious in the present, though at this point, I love surrendering to the temptation of having my naked cock sucked by six strangers in a visit. Plus often going down on at least a couple of strangers myself. Luckily, he soon switched to jacking off cock to cock, almost making me cum with his rhythm. Another man approached from behind him, providing an acceptable reason to disengage and leave the darkroom. 

Downstairs again, after entering the steambath, it took little time and no effort to join an orgy, something easily said in retrospect. The only woman I know who has been to a swinger club has talked about how women are almost treated as property, requiring not only her acceptance as expected, but that of her partner too. It also seems true that many swinger clubs frown on any male to male contact at all. 

The baths provide a place for straightforward intimate male contact. Stepping into the dim rear space though the curved tile entrance to the right of the door, a mouth quickly found its goal - an available cock. I slowly realized through the honey like haze filling my mind as another stranger's mouth started to go down on me that the back was filled with men having sex. Everyone free to enjoy without needing permission, a man to my left grabbing my head as my cock was swallowed so good by a stranger. Groaning in blissful surrender as the standing man forced his tongue past my parting lips, his fingers playing with my nipples, the two of them turning me into a total slut.

Reaching down on the left to start playing with a hard cock, easily bringing it closer to mine, kissing him forcefully the entire time it took until his cock was against mine, submerging in mindless pleasure with the other naked men in the steamy darkness. Continuing to kiss and play with each others nipples as a cock sucker held our cocks together, going down on both. Any man who has been in such an orgy knows how one's awareness changes - you become little more than a turned on slut, wanting nothing but for the unceasing pleasures to continue.

When things are right, like this afternoon, joining an orgy is easy, finding paradise so easily among the mouths and hands and cocks of equally horny strangers. Group sex is not quite the same as being part of a freewheeling orgy, an event where everyone is involved because it feels so fucking good to have sex with other men. Where group sex is like being in a pool, an orgy is like being in a surging current running over smooth rocks, making getting swept away unavoidable.

As was certainly happening, with the third man bending down to start sucking also. Mind wonderfully lost in my cock when the first man stood up, offering his mouth to mine. It is always such a turn on to exchange tongues this way, and even hotter when the new cock sucker started doing both of us at the same time. Much like earlier upstairs, simply letting other men do what they wanted with me, turned on cock available to anyone who wanted it.

But this had an entirely different force to it, with an entirely different level of intensity. Upstairs had been almost like a stately procession in comparison, men wanting hot cock taking their time to approach and share. Now, the sensations were overwhelming, cocks in total control, everyone getting off. A good orgy is not only about cocks, of course. The kissing was extraordinary, hungry mouths and tongues discovering new opportunities to drown in. 

I'd already kissed both cocksuckers, but when the third man stood up, the kissing was shared three ways, our cocks and nipples being stroked and caressed as time stretched, tongues entwined. Such hot shared kissing is extremely rare in my experience, and utterly irresistible. Standing, playing with whatever hard cock was closest or available, the other two men alternated between sucking and kissing.

This continued until a hand from behind turned my head from passionately kissing one of my cock suckers, placing a new mouth against mine, tongue going delightfully deep, surrendering myself to its temptations. Reaching out for his cock, lost in the pleasure of being sucked while indulging the desires of yet another man wanting to kiss a turned on stranger. The thrill of finding an equally excited man, one who shares the same talents and interests, is hard to imagine until it happens - and at an orgy, it happens over and over again. 

At some point, the kissing became shared between three of us, even if it was impossible to know which of my three cock suckers was joining in, the other continuing to go down on me. When the situation changed, it simply meant kissing two men while the kneeling man went down on all three of us. Other men were experiencing similar pleasures, the entire rear area of the steam bath having become a space where another orgy was in full swing. Of the sort that occurs often enough here that most men knew exactly what they wanted to experience again when coming to this area.

The deep kissing and delightful cock sucking continued over a heavenly interval. A fourth man entered to my left, joining the kissing in a different three some, forced only in the sense of no invitation before feeling a new tongue share my mouth, undoubtedly the tongue of the man who had just approached. This was the glorious reality of the fantasies of my youth, now being fully submerged in a gay orgy - a variety of types and ages, all participating, creating an ocean of sex, unstoppable, carrying us along irresistible waves of mutual pleasure.

My cock remained in paradise, enjoying at least three different men's mouths and hand and cocks, nipples being licked and caressed, questing tongues swirling between open mouths. A state of such animal satisfaction that no thoughts exist. A state finally overridden by an awareness of heat, the first bit of awareness of anything but pure sex over an extended interval. 

Staggering out to the showers, hoping to cool down, mind scattered, thoroughly drained, I soaped and rinsed off, then took my time leaving, concentration only slowing returning. This afternoon had again demonstrated just how extraordinarily potent the pleasures of the baths can be, something introduced to me during my first visit, and happily reinforced over the years.