 "Fuck yes," the voice grunted, breathing hard. 

I stopped dead in my tracks, not sure I'd really heard what I thought I heard.

"Ohh that's it, right there...FUCK," it said again. A deep male voice, husky with passion, hoarse from breathing hard.

I bent down and looked through the vent in the door...could just catch a glimpse of two people inside, apparently on their hands and knees, one behind the other. My cock twitched and I felt my balls begin to tingle. Now who the fuck was that?

I stood still and listened at the door a bit longer, hearing nothing but harsh breathing and what I assumed was the sound of some guy's balls slapping up against another guy's ass, then my cock grew so hard I couldn't take it any more and I continued down the hall to my dorm room. 

I walked in the door hoping to see Chad in there, but the room was empty. I wrinkled my nose a bit – it smelled like stale sex, bordering on unpleasant. I decided to open a window before getting down to business and jerking off.

As I walked across to the window, reaching down to give my hard cock a couple of tugs, a thought crossed my mind. Could anyone from the dorm across from mine see into my window? The thought of some random person watching me jack off was highly erotic, and I felt myself growing even harder as I hurried to open the window. I stood there and looked across the courtyard at the dorm across the way. It was several floors higher than mine, and I could see people sitting close to their windows studying or talking on the phone. The sun was setting and I knew I would be seen clearly if I laid on my bed naked with my room light on...or better yet, with the light off and the glow from my reading lamp focused on my cock. I quickly got things set up, then stripped naked and got in bed. I looked out the window and could clearly see people, and knew they'd be able to see me if they looked down toward my dorm. 

I made sure the shaft of light from my lamp was focused on MY shaft, then laid back and began slowly stroking my cock. It didn't take much to get me hard again, and I closed my eyes for a moment, thinking of how that voice down the hall sounded, wondering if it was Chad in there fucking him. I began to stroke harder.

I opened my eyes and saw three people watching me from their windows. Two of them were women, but one of them was a guy I'd never seen before. The women were in the same room, watching me together and giggling, but the guy was alone and was watching very intently. I knew they couldn't see my face, just the part of my lower body in the lamplight, so I began to put on a show for them. I arched my back and began to thrust my cock into my hand, imagining it was Chad's ass I was fucking. I moaned slightly, beginning to sweat a little bit, my cock slick and hard in my fist.

I watched the women for a while, waiting to see what they would do. I seemed to be having quite an effect on them. The guy in the other window disappeared for a few seconds, then came back and put what looked like a pair of binoculars up to his eyes. I grinned, imagining him getting a nice close up view of my hard cock, then looked over at the women to see what they were up to. I was amazed to see they had taken their shirts off and were kissing each other, rubbing each other's breasts and sliding their hands all over each other. They did that for a while, then seemed to forget about me and soon disappeared, pulling their shade down as they left the window. I looked back to the guy's window and was happy to see he was standing there staring down at me, his hand stroking his own cock. I was amazed at his nerve, because he could be seen pretty clearly from where he was standing, and it was obvious what he was doing. His cock stood out from his body when he moved his hand to adjust something on the binoculars, and I closed my eyes and continued to give him a show.

I heard faint footsteps coming toward my room and recognized Chad's distinctive walk. I thought briefly about stopping what I was doing, then decided maybe it would be more fun for all of us if he were to join me. 

"What the..?" Chad said as he walked in the door.

"Shut up and come here," I said. "Leave the lights off."

He looked at me and grinned, taking in where the light was focused and what was going on there.

"What the fuck are you doing, you little slut?" he asked, closing the door.

"Look out the window," I said, my breathing becoming a little more ragged. Chad walked over, careful not to be seen, and looked across the way.

"My, my," he said dryly. "You've got a fan, it seems."

"Shut the fuck up and come over here and suck my cock," I said through gritted teeth. He laughed and stripped off his workout clothes, then moved the lamp so the pool of light from it was a little bigger. He stood next to me and began to tug on his own cock, then knelt down and took mine in his mouth.

"Ohh fuck yes," I groaned as I felt his lips slide down over my shaft. His tongue teased me the way I liked it and I felt my hands move to the back of his head as I arched my back. I was barely able to open my eyes and look at our friend across the way, and what I saw nearly made me come right there. He was still focused on me, but his hand was stroking his cock so fast I was surprised it didn't go flying right off. I could tell how excited he was and how hard he was breathing, and that turned me on even more than Chad sucking on my cock. I watched him as he stroked, thinking of all the other people who were watching him also, and I came so hard it made Chad gag.

"Shit!" he said, sitting back and wiping his mouth. "You could have warned me, at least!"

"I'm sorry," I gasped, "it took me by surprise. That guy was jacking so hard I thought his cock was gonna end up in here with us!"

We both turned and looked out the window, but our friend had disappeared and his shade was now down. 

"Oh well," Chad said, "guess he got what he wanted. Now how about giving me what I want?" 

I grinned and pulled him on top of me, his hard cock poking into my stomach. He kissed me and rubbed his body along mine, groaning with pleasure. I wrapped my legs around his narrow waist and pulled him close to me as we kissed harder, our tongues moving quickly inside each other's mouth.

"What do you want," I whispered, pulling away from his greedy mouth.

"You know what I want," he whispered back, reaching down between us and grabbing my semi-erect cock. I groaned as he squeezed it and gave it a couple of strokes.

"Tell me," I moaned, "I want to hear you say it."

He leaned close to me ear and said softly, "I want my cock in your ass. Are you ready for it yet?"

I jumped and groaned as he stroked me, not sure what to say. I had been dreaming of his cock fucking my ass for days now, but wasn't sure yet. He understood my hesitation and kissed me, keeping his hand on my cock.

"Okay, I have another idea," he said, pulling away from me and sitting up. His cock was standing straight up, and I couldn't help staring at it, wondering how it would feel inside me.

"What?" I asked.

"You have to trust me, okay? I'm not going to do anything you're not ready for."

I looked at him for a long time, then said, "Okay, show me."

He stood up and pulled me up with him, then pulled me into him so we were pressed together. I could feel his hard cock against me, and my cock began to rise as well. He kissed me, then led me over to his desk. He moved some things out of the way, then moved me to stand in front of it.

"I need you to bend over, okay?" he said from behind me.

"What?" I asked, confused.

"Brian, trust me," he said softly, then bent me over so my ass was toward him and my arms were resting on his desk. He got between my legs and nudged them apart, then reached between them and took my cock in his hand. I groaned as he began to stroke me slowly, then I felt something press against my asshole. I stiffened and tried to straighten up, but he held me down.

"I'm not putting my cock in you, okay? Just relax."

I heard a click, then felt him spread something warm and wet around my hole. I tried not to stiffen up, but it felt weird. 

"Easy," he said gently, then I felt a finger stroke around my hole. I moaned again – it was a strange sensation, but it felt pretty good. He kept stroking my cock at the same time, then moved his hand and spread my ass cheeks open wide. I gasped as the cool air hit the wetness, then I heard him say, "If you tense up, this will hurt."

Before I could react, he slid a finger gently into my ass and began moving it in and out. I cried out softly, more because it felt good than anything else. I felt him move closer to me, could feel his hard cock poking me, but my mind was centered on the feel of his finger fucking my ass ever so gently. 

He leaned forward and kissed my shoulder. "Are you okay?" he asked. "Can I do more?"

"Ahhh yes," I gasped, reaching down to stroke my own cock. He pulled back slightly and slid another finger inside me, then began to move them around. I willed myself to relax and enjoy this, and the more I relaxed, the better it got. Chad leaned forward again, his teeth on my shoulder.

"God, I can't wait to get my cock into this tight ass," he moaned, moving his fingers in and out faster. "You are going to be so good to fuck, Brian."

"Tell me who you fucked the other night," I gasped, "tell me all about it.

"Yeah?" he said, his breathing becoming faster. "It won't bother you?"

"It will make me come," I said, knowing it was true even if it DID bother me.

"Okay," he said, moving closer to me. I reached around behind me and pulled him closer as he began to whisper in my ear.

"I picked up this guy at the bookstore. He was looking at a muscle magazine and I could see his cock getting hard through the sweats he was wearing. He didn't realize anyone was watching him, and he reached into his sweats and gave his cock a tug."

"Ohhh," I moaned, picturing it in my mind.

"I walked up behind him and got very close, close enough that he could feel my cock against his ass. He jumped at first because I surprised him, but I told him I wanted to see his cock and he pushed back against me," Chad said, pushing his fingers in and out of my ass.

"We stood there for a minute, and as soon as I was sure no one could see us, I reached around him and slid my hands inside his sweats. He had boxers on and I slid inside them, too, and took his cock in my hand. He leaned back on me and I started to stroke him very slowly..."

"Oh god," I breathed, leaning down so my upper body was across the desk. Chad nudged my legs a little farther apart and moved in closer, reaching around to take my cock in his hand.

"I stroked him just like this, Brian. God, he was so fucking hard, and he had an incredible body. He made me stop and told me he wanted us to go into the bathroom because he wanted me to make him come, so we walked in and locked the door."

I couldn't speak, just closed my eyes and concentrated on what Chad was saying, feeling his fingers fuck my ass as his other hand jacked me off.

"Once we got inside, I turned him to face me and pulled off his shirt and sweats, then slid my pants down and got close to him so I could rub our cocks together. He kept moaning and moving his hips back and forth, and I decided right then I was gonna bring him home and fuck him."

"I watched you," I gasped.

"I know you did. I was hoping you would wake up," he said, his fingers coming out of my ass with an audible pop. I moaned and raised my ass for him.

"So you like this, do you?" he asked, spitting on his fingers and sliding them in again.

"Fuck yes," I moaned, pushing my ass against his hand. "Oh, fuck yes, I do."

Chad leaned forward onto my back and whispered in my ear, "You know how good your cock feels when it's in my tight ass?" he asked.

I moaned again. "Yes."

"I want my cock to feel that with you, Brian. You gotta trust me, I'm not going to hurt you."

At that point, I probably would have agreed if he had wanted to use a baseball bat on me. All I could think of was feeling Chad's cock slide up inside me, feeling him fuck me and stroke me until I came.

"Yes, okay," I gasped, "I want your cock."

I heard his quick intake of breath and braced myself as he pushed harder against me, his cock poking my balls.

"Are you sure? You're ready for me?" he asked.

"Fuck yes, just fuck me, Chad. Fuck my ass, I want your cock, come on," I said, feeling myself lose control.

"Ohh fuck," he said, "Okay, here we go, I'm gonna fuck your ass so good, Brian."

He nudged my legs apart a bit more and I could feel him lean over me to grab the bottle of lube he had been using. I heard the top click open, then he set it down and rubbed something cool and wet on my asshole. I flinched, but he said, "Don't worry, it will warm up soon enough."

He slid his fingers inside me again and told me to relax, so I closed my eyes and made myself loosen up. His fingers slid in and out and he played with my balls with his other hand for a while, then he grunted and spread my ass cheeks open wider.

"Okay man, I can't take this anymore, here it comes. Just relax."

I felt the tip of his cock probe my asshole, then he slid it up and down my crack, getting it wet. He grunted again and pushed against me, and I could feel him going inside me. I tensed up involuntarily and he gasped, "Jesus, Brian, relax. It will be easier if you relax."

I forced myself to relax again, and he pushed forward and slid his cock in further. I moaned, feeling him stretch me, and he reached around to begin stroking my cock.

"Relax, Brian. Come on, let me fuck you, you know you want it," he said. I loosened up even more and suddenly he grunted in pleasure and I felt his cock slide all the way inside, his balls slapping against my ass.

"Ohh god YES, Brian!" he shouted, "Ohh that's it, fuck! You are so fucking tight!"

He leaned over the top of me and began moving in and out faster, my ass taking him in as I loosened up and relaxed enough to really begin enjoying it. There was still pain, but it was overridden by the pleasure I felt from the friction of his cock inside me, and the feel of his hand stroking my cock harder and harder. 

"Ohh Chad, yes, fuck me," I moaned as he placed his hands on my shoulders and pushed deeper inside me.

"Hold on," he said, and pulled his cock out of me. I moaned, but he grabbed me and pushed me onto the bed and made me lay on my back. He knelt between my legs and put them up over his shoulder so my ass was wide open to him, then he leaned forward and slid his cock inside me again. I looked up into his eyes as he began to slowly thrust in and out, then he reached down and began to stroke my cock again. I put my hands on his thighs and moved my hips in time to his rhythm, pushing into him as he thrust forward, sliding his cock deep inside me. He began to move faster and faster, his balls slapping against me, his hand stroking me hard, and before I was ready I began to come. I groaned loudly and arched my back as I shot my load all over Chad's hand and my chest, and I could tell by the sounds he was making that he was about to come too. 

I barely had time to wonder if he was going to come in my ass and how I felt about that when he pulled out of me and slid up over my chest, shoving his cock into my mouth. I opened wide and took him in as he fucked my face, then my mouth was full as he came with a loud grunt and gasp of breath. I sucked on him as hard as I could but there was so much that I began to gag. He immediately pulled himself off of me and helped me sit up, and I spit out a huge load of his come onto the bed.

"Shit, Bri, I'm sorry," he said, wiping my face with a towel. 

I choked a bit as I began to laugh. "It's okay, man. I guess you owed me one! I just wasn't expecting so much."

"Fuck, neither did I!" he said, looking slightly embarrassed. "I wanted to come in your ass but wasn't sure you wanted me to, but I couldn't just stop."

"It's okay, I guess we need to talk about that, don't we?"

"Sure, but first tell me something. Did you like being fucked?"

"Okay, did you SEE the load I shot?" I said, laughing. "Fuck yes, I did. I don't know why I waited so damn long!"

"I knew you would like it, you just had to be broken in, that's all," he said, leaning back and crossing his legs.

"Well, I'm glad you're the one who did it," I said, making my tone light. I knew he wouldn't like it if I got all mushy on him, but to be honest, I was feeling a little vulnerable. I had really crossed the line this time, and considering how I felt, there was no going back.

He looked at me closely for a long moment, then said, "Yeah, I'm glad, too. Some guys can be real jerks when they pop a cherry, but I try not to be. Especially if I like the guy."

I laughed, hiding the hurt I felt. "Oh, well thanks for that," I said sarcastically.

Chad laughed and got up, punched me in the shoulder, and said, "Well, I need to have a shower. Wanna come?"

I groaned and laid back on the bed. "Not just now, but maybe later," I said, laughing.

He grinned, looking slightly relieved, then grabbed his towel and shower stuff. As he walked past me, he reached down and tugged on my cock, then left the room.

I lay there for a while, tired, thinking about what had just happened. I needed a shower as well, but knew if I went in the shower with Chad I would probably end up on my knees sucking his cock and I didn't want to risk someone walking in on us. Of course, I had just let him suck me off and fuck my ass in front of our open window, so I don't suppose it mattered all that much. Rather than think about that any more, I suddenly remembered the voices I'd heard down the hall that had started this whole thing to begin with. I sat up and got dressed, then walked down to the room where I'd heard the two guys fucking, hoping to see a name on a door to give me some clue as to who had been in there earlier.

I walked down the hall and found the room, and the door was open. I peeked inside and a tall, thin guy was sitting in a chair by the window, wearing a pair of white boxer shorts and reading a book. He looked up and saw me standing there, his straight black hair falling onto his forehead. He was wearing a pair of wire-rimmed glasses that accented the angles of his face, and he had brilliant blue eyes.

"Hi there, you need something?" he asked. I couldn't tell for sure, but I thought his was the deep voice I had heard earlier, the voice that had turned me on so much.

"Uh, no, sorry," I said. I was looking for..." I trailed off, not sure what to say.

He smiled and closed his book, taking his glasses off. He leaned forward and I couldn't help noticing his soft cock poking out from the leg of his boxers.

"For who?" he asked.

"Uh...your roommate?" I asked. I blushed since it was so obviously a lie.

"Well, that's a problem since I don't have a roommate," he said, amused.

"I guess I have the wrong room, then. Sorry," I mumbled, taking a step backwards.

"Sure, whatever," he said, then leaned back and put his glasses back on, picking up his book. I took one more look at the part of his cock I could still see, then walked back down to my room. It wasn't until I got there that I realized I still didn't know his name.

I was dozing on my bed when Chad came back in, his hair wet and spiky and a towel around his waist. My heart sank when I realized he was probably getting ready to go out, but I buried that and tried to take pleasure in watching him. His body, so long and lean, was a piece of artwork. He removed his towel and stood there naked, brushing his hair and going to get clothes out. I loved how his ass muscles moved when he walked or bent over, and at one point my heart nearly stopped as he bent to pick up his socks and gave me a full view of everything from his balls to his ass. I felt myself growing hard again and cursed silently, knowing it would do me know good now that he was going out and would probably end up bringing someone back here. After letting him fuck me, I was finding it harder to accept that he would go out and do something like this...but I knew my choices were to either accept it or move out, and moving out wasn't really an option. I found myself wishing I could change things, because I knew from the moment Chad slid his cock into my ass that I was falling for him.
