 Bathhouses have a long history, and anyone who has enjoyed what is offered there understands why. They are a male only place, and the women I have talked to about the baths remain baffled, at best, by their appeal. It seems almost a fundamental split, with women simply not grasping the wonderful attraction of pure sexual freedom, having sex with strangers over hours. Finding talented partners, intimately aware of what men cannot resist, in a place where having sex is the reason to go.

The sort of sex that may involve 6 different mouths on your cock as you let anyone go down on you. Jacking off and sucking them in turn too, sloppily and greedily kissing a man while another teabags exquisitely, as a cock slides between ass cheeks, a nipple or both being sucked or caressed. Submerging in sensations that fill your mind with bliss as your body is shared by strangers, doing the same to them.

The start of this visit was a bit slow, with nothing happening upstairs. The steam room offered a nice stretch of cock sucking and a bit of ass teasing, but only at a basic level. This involved a certain mix of caution and temptation, as one of biggest sluts became involved after a couple of other men had gone down on me. The steam bath is one of the more frequented parts of the bathhouse, where it is generally easy to find other men willing to have sex.

The first foursome shifted into a pair and a new forming trio, with men starting to concentrate on each other in smaller groups. At some point, a shorter man started to stroke my cock into a sucking mouth, adding himself to the group. I recognized his big cock, knowing that he enjoyed mine when hard, having had multiple encounters over the last several years.

The two groups seemed to dissolve at the same time, with a man from the other group starting to suck my cock. Soon, both were sharing my jutting rod, making me moan about how hot it was to get sucked, dark adjusted eyes watching the action.

When the second man stood up, the shorter man took our cocks, swirling them together, making the heads ever wetter and slipperier. When the standing man turned, my downward pointing cock went between his ass cheeks. Starting to slide back and forth in growing delight, feeling him move to position my cock better. Soon, the slipperiness had grown incredibly enticing, making me think that his hole had been lubed. It was hot to hold his hips and pump against his hairy sack, surrounding my cock head with luxurious soft skin that grew taut with each hard thrust. 

He kept trying to position himself differently, but I resisted temptation, enjoying riding him like this, his cock in another man's mouth. I have learned to deal with ass fucking being so easily available, without the other man having any interest in using a condom. It is understandable that one just wants immediate sex, but it is not how I play. 

Though I do play by getting wonderfully sucked by a man who has found another cock to fuck. And playing with the hard cock of the man sucking and fucking. After splitting apart, the shorter man then offered his rear, my cock again sliding between a stranger's ass cheeks. Still at the start of the day, appreciating the fortune in having found two strangers wanting to be fucked after sharing my cock. 

However, this man became annoyed that I did not do what he wanted. Nothing new at the baths, as different people have different desires. The rules are simple enough - no one is forced to do something they don't want to, and there is no problem letting someone be aware of that fact. Being seduced is another question entirely, of course. But demanding me to do something is generally a sure way to have me not do it. At least in some cases.

He was one of the dedicated cock suckers that had convinced me not to use a condom while getting head from a stranger, The first time, he left the video booth when I insisted on wearing a condom, mocking me for using such a thing when natural is best. The next time we encountered each other, my cock horny, I let him have his way - of course he was a fantastic cock sucker. Essentially, he became one of the first men I did not even pretend to use a condom with, just letting him suck my available naked cock.

It has been years since starting to give in voluntarily to that community cock sucker, one who loves to compliment my cock before and after going down on me. Yet today's situation was not a context where my standards have changed, and after a bit longer, I left the heat.

This first episode was enough to put me thoroughly in the proper mood. Including jacking off while showering, leaning against the curved divider wall, then going to the whirlpool with an erect cock in front of 5 men. The water was bubbling but refreshing after the steambath. Nothing was happening though, a situation that remained unchanged when I left the still splashing water.

Upstairs was better. Entering the porn area I saw two men on the top, both stroking. I sat on the top row to the left, and started watching the porn. Getting harder, turning my head to look at my neighbor, whose cock was nice and erect. It did not take long to go from his leg rubbing mine to start mutually jacking off to a hot three man scene, one man in the middle, his face looking like he was lost in paradise. To be honest, this has always been something fantasized about since first learning how men could fuck each other.

Jacking off like this was much like my first shared orgasms with a friend, both of us looking at Playboy or Penthouse and getting hard, then looking at each other as we masturbated. Our horny cocks becoming the center of attention, stroking while watching each other, until orgasm became unstoppable.

Fun though this playing was now, he gradually grew more insistent about cumming, even though this was far too early in a visit for that. Over the decades, I have become quite practiced at not cumming. An essential skill for floating as long as possible in a sea of glorious sensations, and one appreciated by those partners who also know how to take their time. Personally, I have no interest in making anyone cum out of some desire to win a contest. It has been a bit of a disappointment to see how many men believe that their partner is not interested in extended fun. Especially considering that one of the more delightful ways to have sex is to keep other at the edge of orgasm, without ever going over.

The other thing about many of the men who want to collect apparent orgasm trophies is that they seem fairly ignorant of how men cum. He was a prime example, seemingly unaware of my actual state while taking about how close I was to cumming. Ironically, the times I was closest to cumming were the times he was not talking, and several times he changed his technique just as the thought of letting go grew ever more attractive.

His cock was nice to play with, as were his nipples, but when the porn scene changed, my interest waned. As did his, leading to him leaving, saying he needed a break. After making another circuit upstairs, I went into the dark room, which turned out to be empty.

The dark room is where the best sex can seem to go on and on, wonderful sensations overriding any abilities to keep track of what is happening, or with who. Trying to recall latter means blurry recall at best, with jumbled events only appearing in sequence after writing. 

Though from remembered high points, a certain structure can be reconstructed, such as remembering the fantastic fun of the visit's first hit from the magic brown bottle. I had already been having sex with several men, including a partner whose cock was being sucked by the man above him, who was enjoying the same skilled deep cock sucking I had earlier. The man on top was willing to share, so I did a hit, leaving my mouth open as a cock filled it, guided by the cock sucker whose spit coated the shaft. 

The rush began turning me into a total slut, sharing a cock with a stranger, taking it deliciously deep, right hand stroking my rigid rod as the sensations grew. After breathing out, my mouth left that sexy cock to start kissing the other man, who soon returned to sucking cock. Moving my head lower, I began teabagging the laying man, totally lost in jacking off while licking his balls, knowing how good it felt to get off like this, 69ing as a third man adds his own contribution. 

As time stretched, I moved up to start caressing and kissing the body of the man on top, filled with desire, knowing that another cock was available. One that was also being sucked at the moment, a minor challenge that just turned me on further. By now, my face next to another man's, it was obvious that we all thoroughly enjoyed having sex like this, freely sharing cocks and mouths, instincts in full control.

It felt wonderfully dirty to take another sucked cock into my mouth, going from one to the other. I was able to deep throat both in turn, just as they had each deep throated me earlier. Sharing like this is exquisite, lost in endless sensations. When I knelt, the laying man turned his head, taking my cock again as my left hand fed his rod past a stranger's lips, guiding both of them as my own cock went deeper into paradise.

My right hand began exploring an exposed ass, sliding down the slit to touch his balls, then going further along the still wet shaft. His moaning was obvious, making it simple to keeping turning him on by teasing, then touching, his soft hole. The cock sucking grew even more distracting, feeling my cockhead being rubbed against another one, my finger sinking slowly past a pulsing tight anal ring.

This is the sort of pure male sex that a bathhouse can offer, men finding other men to have group sex with. Once experienced, it becomes something easily repeated, sinking into blissful satisfaction, drifting together, giving into to desire among other men doing the same thing. All knowing what men love when having sex with other men, experienced bathhouse visitors indulging themselves.

This is the sort of freedom that becomes so addictive that it is easy to just give in whenever opportunity arises, with the opportunities at the baths wonderfully large. After all, even first time visitors are aware of the sort of place they are visiting, drawn by a certain interest in finding out what it is like to be at the baths, among other men who definitely enjoy sex with strangers.

The memories grow too jumbled, but I sucked each of their cocks several times, including when the man on top was starting to be fucked by a cock I had also played with. There may be personal limits still, but at that this point, my sluttiness with others is unrestrained. It is a turn on to make someone utterly horny, with multiple partners, feeling their balls as fingers touch a sliding cock, mouth filled with the delightfully quivering cock of a fucking man. 

Later, after the man on top left, I was positioned over the cock sucker's face, his hands guiding my hips. Prompting me to find the poppers, doing a hit then bending down to take his lovely cock past my lips. As the hit's effects grew, his luscious tongue started licking my balls. Even before breathing out, I was deep throating him, feeling as if his tongue and mine were connected through our bodies, one of the glorious effects of using rush, a sense of sexual merging that is somehow more intense at the baths among men, ones who have been having sex with each other already. 

This shared knowledge is a real turn on to me, unashamed to admit that the more men someone has been having sex with, the more I want to have sex with them. These poppers add to this kinky reality deliciously, just as the men at the leather shop knew when talking about its slow building and powerful effects. Time was stretching even before breathing out, my fingers sliding along his ass cheeks. He put my now gigantic feeling cock back into his mouth after I began touching his hole, feeling his reaction through his cock.

We had already both had multiple partners, yet had remained together, clearly sharing the same interests and talents. Cruising at the baths often ends up with such pairings, even as other partners come and go. Neither of us wanted to cum yet, as extending the pleasure is a fantastic attraction for men whose sexual interest is not merely short term. Caressing becomes wonderful when so completely turned on, floated in delight while touching each other. 

However, he finally left, after another memorable situation, sharing sucking another stranger at the edge of the platform, jacking each other off as our mouths enjoyed a hot cock. 

Unusually, today it took little time to start the entire cycle again, encountering a new man, mutually caressing each other as we slowly moved together, entwining our bodies, cocks starting to slide together. The addictive pleasure that occurs with such sexual games drew us on, memory again growing blurred as we played with each other, enjoying fingers and mouths teasing and squeezing and licking nipples. 

Then getting dirtier, touching each other's soft holes while cock to cock, kissing deeply before 69ing, wettened fingers sliding over smooth yielding assholes. Through the fog of memory, he was likely the ninth man - or maybe more - to go down on me, my cock available to anyone when at the baths. It was impossible to know how many men had sucked him before me, but several was a safe guess considering how wonderfully horny he was. 

Sucking without a condom is irresistibly better, regardless of whether the naked rod is your own or another man's. At the baths, it is so easy to feel the natural joy fill a mouth when going down on another stranger, deep throating him after breathing in the magic rush scent. When he began to rim me, I did the same to him, again feeling as if our tongues and asses had merged into a single center of mutual bliss following another hit, sinking to a glorious animal level, face between a man's open legs, licking his ass. Becoming a total mindless fuck animal with a stranger, and doing the same to him.

We too remained a pair for a while, as men came and left. Again, there were memorable points, such as having a foot played with by a third man while getting head, but mainly, the delightful intimate touching that is so enjoyable after being poised at the edge of orgasm for an extended period filled the time before he left.

After seeing more than 2 hours had passed after leaving the darkroom in delightful exhaustion, the last few minutes spent alone in the peaceful dark, drifting in a sea of satisfaction I decided to make a last stop before showering, checking out the porn area. The porn showed a threesome with the middle man sandwiched, enough to lead me on. The theater at first seemed deserted, but only because it took a bit for me to notice the action. Two men sitting on the top row, both stroking nice cocks, and a pair on the middle row, with a man sitting on the middle row against the wall, taking a standing man's cock into his mouth.

After spreading the towel out, I sat close to a man intently watching a blow job while playing with his erect cock, lightly touching his back before starting to explore his chest, hearing him sigh as I began to touch his nipples. My questing hand soon found his cock, replacing his hand as he started to go down on the sitting man against the wall. Whose eyes closed, his face showing how much he loved having a stranger give him head.

The scene was hot to see, quickly making me as hard as all the others. The standing sucked man was straddling the cock sucker's face, slumping against the wall as the blow job continued. A hand began to stroke my leg and thigh, making me sigh. I gave in completely to becoming an uninhibited voyeur, turned on to see how the standing man looked like he was at a glory hole the way he was pressing against the wall, head turned to the side, helpless as he was sucked in front of everyone.

The porn had merely been an appetizer, as we all started to enjoy the main course of uninhibited group sex. The middle row cock sucker did several men in turn. By the second, I knew my cock could also be openly sucked after the others. This was a place where having naked public male sex was possible, without worrying about being openly horny among a group of men that appreciated indulging their cocks. 

The man I had first played with went down on me as the man he had been sucking stood up as the lower cock sucker's mouth became available. The voyeuristic thrill grew wonderfully while watching the lower level slut take a new cock into paradise, one already sucked by the man now swallowing me so good. This is the sort of pure sexual freedom that becomes impossible to resist after first tasting it. 

Both cock suckers were jacking off their rigid rods. When the second man stepped away unsteadily, cock glistening, it took only a moment before the man who had gone down on me was putting his cock into that well used mouth as I stroked his thighs and butt crack, adding to his pleasure as he slid his length deeper. My foot began sliding along the cock sucker's shaft, adding to his pleasure also. Finding skilled strangers can be easy at the baths, with both clearly enjoying what I was doing to them.

When the third man left, I stood, one knee on the top tier padding, cock placed close to his face, positioned to easily slide into his mouth. Looking at him, then moaning as his lips passed over my waiting cock head. "Fuck yes .. cock slut .. so sexy .. suck slut .. take it .. love .. men sucking .. hot cock."

The blow job was as wonderful as expected, knowing he was a man who loved cock. Approaching mindless orgasm, I pulled back, stroking my slippery length. When his fingers began to brush under my balls, it was heavenly, this being one of the things I love most when jacking off. Moaning "Oh god yes .. so fucking good .. like that .. so slutty" before my cock was lured back into his mouth. He really knew how to exploit a partner's willing weakness after learning how I reacted to having the hair under my balls lightly caressed. He seemed to understand just how fantastic this was, and more than happy to let the game have multiple levels.

After indulging in several cycles of face fucking and pubic hair stroking, I began to concentrate more attention on him, playing with his nipples, touching his sexy cock, preparing to do to him what he had been doing to several others. As always, the thought of sucking cock was an enthralling turn on, especially when planning to go down on a man who loved cock filling his mouth. After discovering what it felt like to give head, not only receive it, I know why cock suckers are so easy to find.

Stepping back, kneeling on the middle row, I did a hit of rush before guiding his cock head against my tongue, starting to circle the exposed ridge. He moaned as his hands went to my head, holding it as I started to take him deeper, the rush making his cock feel even more immense than mine as I jacked off, lost in the same paradise he had been earlier, going down on stranger after stranger.

After years of practice, my skills are undoubtedly acceptable, but being the only man who sucked him since I entered, his obvious reaction likely was connected to do with a certain built up tension. Breathing out, it was easy to take him like a total slut, bringing him to the edge of orgasm without ever going over. I touched his balls and soft hole as my lips reached the base of his bushy cock.

At some point, spread head holding hands led my lips upwards to his. As we began kissing passionately, I became aware that other men were watching. Standing up again, making sure they could see my hard cock as a stranger went down on it, the sensation of being watched having sex with a man was thrilling. The baths are a place where open sex is the reason so many men become regular visitors.
