 The motorcycle's age has led to the necessity of rebuilding its motor. Something also leading to picking up parts at the dealer, which is quite near the bathhouse.

Arriving at the sauna just as it opened on a Wednesday, it was not very full. Though full enough to have another man at the Internet PC just as I rose with my beer. Prompting me to sit back down, and finish it quickly.

Going downstairs, I saw another man in the whirlpool, one arm under the bubbling water. Enough of an indicator for me to shower, spending some time soaping my stirring cock.

Walking up the steps, I stopped at the top before stepping in. Half erect, hand trailing down my thigh, I looked at him, appreciating how his gaze focused on me as his stroking became obvious. It was possible to somewhat discern the appearance of his cock as he jacked off, stepping down slowly into the water.

Sitting down to his right, the jetting water kept splashing my face, causing me to put my right leg on the bench to rise higher. The bubbling water can be a distraction, but some men seem to prefer its obscuring nature. 

Soon, letting my left leg stretch and spread, it took little time for the currents to coincidentally let my foot slide along his. Noticing his undeniable reaction, my foot began sliding against his leg, rising and lowering several times. Feeling him move against it, I shifted position, right hand at my now stiffening cock. His face was turned enough to make it clear that he was looking at me, stroking himself as I watched him do it. 

We'd already entered that delightful spiral which makes being naked with another horny man in a whirlpool so addictive, as his hand began to lightly touch my exploring leg. He shifted a bit, responding to temptation, my foot beginning to slide over his cock, feeling it lengthen underneath my sole.

He let his head roll back as my foot slid down, my toe tracing its way down to his sack. I was jacking off, and seeing his reaction made it easy to let my toe settle down further. The grasping of his hand kept the skin of his sack taut as each of his balls were played with by my toe. 

Having found a comfortable configuration, I began to seriously tease him, my toe only gradually moving between his cheeks. His body's response made it obvious that he was eager for his ass to be played with. The panting that turned to helpless moaning when my toe began to touch his pulsing anal ring was erotic. 

The central jet had started at some point. Since its bubbling tends to only obscure the center section, leaving the bench area fairly clear, through in constant motion, I had begun to watch him jerk off. Doing the same in turn, my cock heavy and thick in my fist, bringing the teasing to the next level, tantalizing the outside of his soft hole.

He could not stop pressing his against my toe every time it pushed a bit harder, causing him to shift position. He raised his head, his face turned towards mine, his expression that of a pure slut, turning me on. Knowing that by this point, my own expression was the same. It is easy to find sluts in a bathhouse, who enjoy all kinds of sex.

I could not resist temptation, and the sensation of my toe sliding into him was a sensual revelation that had me on the edge of cumming. His ass was incredibly soft and yielding, squeezing and loosening. I have played with pussies using my toe over the past 3 decades, but this was something never experienced before.

It was difficult to tell if this was new for him also, though considering how completely he was lost in the pleasure, it was a reasonable guess. One that had kept me close to orgasm the entire time, especially when his hand would stroke along my thigh. Finally, after barely being able to restrain myself, I slowly withdrew, and left the water. 

Showering and soaping myself before entering the steamroom, it took little time to determine it was empty.

Upstairs was also pretty empty, until reaching the porn room. One man was fondling himself under his towel, body and head turned in a way that made it obvious what he was doing to anyone looking down the short corridor. Yet, he did not seem to be showing off in any way. His attention was focused on something even more erotic than the two men sucking each other's erect cocks shown on the wall sized screen..

Stepping closer, a few sexual sounds could be heard. The standing man was clearly turned on, though in a fashion that resembled someone surprised in a primal way. With his body then responding equally primally, his cock stiffening, beyond any pretense of anything but sexual satisfaction. The sort of state that a repeat bathhouse visitor likely understands perfectly, having been also captured by the power of open male sex.

I walked by, seemingly surprising the other man, who reacted with a bit of modesty, attempting to cover the fact he was playing with himself. Personally, shame is not something that I feel at the baths - we all know what happens, and a lot of that involves wonderfully naked flesh. Which was why my towel was already off.

Looking from the bottom to the top row, at the rear top corner I saw a figure. Details grew apparent as my focus tightened. He was naked, essentially on his back, knees raised and spread, his head against the back wall. Watching the porn as he pleasured himself, his position made it impossible to see his cock.

Overwhelmed by a wonderful brew of desires, most definitely including curiousity to see a man play with himself while watching gay porn, I strode over. Taking the time to enjoy the revealed scene in the dimness, I settled at the middle of the middle bench, enjoying the view of his jacking off, rod stiff, cock head flared.

Looking more intently at the dildo he was using to pleasure his glistening ass, I saw a pinkish/tan molded cock and balls, obviously modelled on the real thing. Something apparent when he pulled it out to just beyond the ridge, before sliding it back in slowly. He knew I was there, since my hands had quickly gone to my swelling cock and to his foot, after spreading the towel to sit on.

My bag remained unopened, the camera definitely not appropriate in a public space. Though the temptation to make the little brown bottle accessible was high, eager curiousity was winning out. I've not really watched anyone pleasure themselves so explicitly anally like this. I do have very enjoyable memories of similar games played alone, watching hot porn. Though never with an actual cock shaped dildo, my pleasures tending to be centered on a butt plug form, when not using my fingers. 

Settling against the bench, now perfectly positioned to watch an aroused man masturbate publicly. He raised himself enough to look at my crotch, soon laying back, my hand sliding along his thigh, his sighs providing a reliable guide. He had condoms on his towel, and a smallish bottle between himself and the wall. When my fingers slid over his balls, he reached over to get something. The idea of poppers seemed reasonable, though it was unsurprising when it turned out to be a container of lube with a flip spout top.

Looking on as he let some lube drip, I shifted my fingers to catch a couple of drops as he began to slide the dildo back in. My lubed fingers slid over his cockhead, causing it to jerk several times as he gasped, legs spread wide, his reaction bringing me to the edge of orgasm. Completely unconcerned if anyone saw me playing with such a public slut, filling his ass with a slippery cock toy.

Surprisingly, the standing man left, instead of joining in, even after I'd looked directly at his erection several times.

By now, I'd moved quite close, my fingers sliding down over his stretched hole. He withdrew the dildo, placing it in the same area as the lube. Bringing his hand back, holding a container of bottled sexual pleasure, making me feel a bit of justified pride in recognizing just how slutty he was, sharing the same tastes when it came to making anal play irresistible.

My index finger circled his hole as he opened the bottle, breathing in a couple of times. I rose, sliding my finger into his wanting ass, leaning closer, my own cock pressed downwards against the padded vinyl. It took him just a bit to recognize that I would love a hit too, understandable considering how my finger was probing deeper.

Offering me the poppers, I breathed deep, making it clear that this was enough for me. The effects were fantastic, but the power had definitely weakened, compared to my own bottle. Whether because of a different formulation (there are a number at this point) or simply age, the effect was enjoyable, though not the sexual sledge hammer that poppers can be. Of course, my own situation was not quite the same as actually being ass fucked in the porn room like him, and the effects were more than enough to bring me almost to orgasm, my shaft pressing rhythmically against the yielding surface.

He breathed in several more times, then sealed the bottle. By now, I was stroking his rigid cock and finger fucking him, totally focused on our shared pleasure. Knowing just how good it can be to let someone handle all the effort, just laying back and being a satisfied slut.

Another man entered the space, taking a minute to see what was going on. Which was us sharing another hit of rush as I began finger fucking him with two fingers, using a circular motion inside his now sexily flexing hole. My cock remained close to orgasm, feeling him slide into my fucking motion, completely lost in the sluttiness which poppers cause, particularly when it comes to anal pleasure with a stiff rod. 

Removing his towel, he went to the top row directly, spreading it quickly. Beginning to stroke himself, both of us watched his sexy cock grow harder. In turn, his own gaze remained completely focused on our mutual game, my fingers playing with his horny ass. Soon, the man under me changed position, responding to the willing cock that had appeared. Understandably, as finger fucking had been all that I was able to provide at that point, my own cock far too near orgasm to even contemplate sliding on a condom.

Now kneeling, face near the wall, ass positioned invitingly, I played with his cock. The new man quickly rose on his knees, positioning himself to insert his now covered dick into a well stretched, lubed, and willing ass. My hand remained wrapped around the kneeling man's erect cock as he opened the bottle again, taking several sniffs before offering it to me. After I'd breathed in deeply, he handed it to the man behind him. Who also breathed in several times as his cock began to slide deeper into the willing ass in front of him. As the rush spread throughout his body, his hands clasped the hips of the slut he was fucking, his cock pounding deeper.

I knew just how turned on the fucked man was, my right hand stroking his jutting cock, the left playing with his nipple, seeing his face turned to me, cheek on the vinyl, totally lost in the sexual sensations. My own cock kept enjoying the sensation of being pressed downwards, my weight shifting back and forth, balanced still on the edge of orgasm, thankful that the rush was not actually more potent. The fucking man was completely focused, his expression as slutty as that of the man his cock was filling.

The poppers made the round again, starting with the its owner. The familiar effects took hold the deepest on the other two men, both of whom had inhaled deeply and repeatedly. The fucking man's cock began ramming hard as he held the open bottle under his nose, to the point that he seemed to forget he still held it.

I took them from him, seeing how has cock was sliding into the other man. Doing a hit, I then passed the bottle back to the man having his ass pleasured so perfectly. The kneeling man began to groan, then said he was going to cum. The man beneath him just sighed 'yes .. yes' as I watched how the cum pumped into his hole, seeing the effects on both men, hotter than any porn. Which was still playing, of course, when we separated.

Taking a minute to just wander around, I saw the video booths were empty. Which is how they remained a couple of minutes later, prompting me to go downstairs again.

Which was empty, from my aroused perspective. Though several men were in the dry sauna, both the whirlpool and steambath were empty. After enjoying soaping my cock in the shower, I returned to the porn room.

Sitting in the middle again, another man on my left, who was naked and stroking himself to the porn. We soon let our legs and hands wander, enjoying the shared contact of two strangers meeting in a bathhouse. The stroking soon became more explicit, as a man with a hard cock was being rimmed by one man, and sucked by another on the screen.

By now, we were jacking each other off, playing with each other's nipples, attention split between the porn on the screen and what we were doing to each other. Another man in a towel entered, standing at the end of the shorter corridor wall. He began to rub himself on the outside of his towel, his attention clearly drawn to us.

The third man soon moved to the lowest bench, kneeling on it, facing us. I saw how he slid a hand along both of our thighs, moaning when his hand touched my cock, joining the other man's. The new man's other hand met mine, jacking off a naked stranger watching gay group porn.

Of course, it was also true we were indulging in gay group sex, with the new man starting to bend his head, an obvious signal of what was coming next. I made it clear that a condom was needed, so he then shifted his attention to the other man. Which was perfectly fine, giving me a chance to get a bit more prepared for thoughtless group games.

And to watch a man get sucked. Seeing how the lips surrounded the stretched surface of the other man's cock head. Stroking myself at the same rhythm that the other man was being blown. Watching how hard and glistening his sexy shaft became, then focusing on his expression, his cock taking control, my nipple play adding a bit of its own pleasure.

After a difficult to measure period, he moved away, then stood, bringing up his towel. His cock still jutting and rigid, a glorious sight I kept stroking to as he left. Like many bathhouse visitors - including myself - he was clearly more interested in enjoying sex with a number of strangers than in cumming once. Reaching the polished floor, He strode away, leaving me with his cocksucker.

Who quickly shifted his focus, even as he kept his towel on. The other man moved over on his knees, while I kept my legs spread, hand wrapped on my shaft. After settling between my thighs, he was almost at face height, not blocking the porn exactly, but much more present. 

He started playing with my nipple, making me gasp as my free hand reached for his towel. Somewhat surprisingly, he moved closer to the bench, just as I had before, when finger fucking a stranger in the same room, a row above. 

The cocksucker was wearing glasses, like I. His hands began to run over my chest, sinking slowly until they were moving along my thighs. Moving my body closer to him, my left hand began touching his head, feeling his short cut hair before exploring his ear, then behind his neck, bringing him closer.

Normally, kissing a stranger is something that occurs rarely, making sure that the experience will be worthwhile. Tastes and smells are an intimate part of kissing, and not everyone matches. Anyone familiar with kissing understands this, which is why in a bathhouse, finding a partner is such a thrill.

Along with the satisfaction of finding a someone to kiss. A bathhouse encounter adding the thrill of crossing a boundary. one which is actually meaningless for anyone who has ever kissed both a man and a woman. In my now extended experience, kissing is completely separate from whether a person has a cock or cunt - a belief that my female bi-friend shares equally. 

This afternoon, it appeared that both of us were getting increasing lucky, as it took little time for our lips to meet. Followed by our tongues entwining, our kissing deepening quickly. My cock was rigid, a detail that simply added to the flowing pleasure, without being its source. His hands had also circled my head and neck, making our connection perfect.

His skill was enticing, and oddly, the fact that he did not taste of cum added to my pleasure. I have kissed several cocksuckers in the past, getting turned on by the texture which cum creates. But today, it was the crisp delight of his mouth that was making me so horny, along with the fact that he was the slightly more passive one, my tongue demonstrating its dominance from the beginning.

However, he remained a near equal, his own tongue more than capable of making me submit to his own desires, probing and exploring my willing mouth. The eroticism was overwhelming, reminding both of us explicitly how potently kissing creates a fantastic sexual bond between two people. 

Especially when they are two horny sluts in a bathhouse. Though nowhere near as free in terms of time constraints as my last visit, the reality of finding a man to kiss so deeply was a rare treat, one to be fully indulged.

Our desires soon merged utterly, losing ourselves in the mutual pleasure of kissing another man. Tongues exploring and meeting, lips pressed, hands roaming over each other. There are many temptations offered by the baths, and this was one of the more refined ones. My mouth and his his were fully engaged, enjoying one of the most primal experiences that two people can share, whether long term lovers or just met strangers. 

Our tastes and oral styles were well matched, as we continually switched from doing the tonguing to being tongued. Small pauses just heightened the sensation when our kissing resumed its devouring intensity, our hands pulling the other closer. He did play with my rigid cock, but it was almost a distraction from my desire to have my tongue explore his mouth. A mouth which I had just watched taking another man's cock deep inside, sexy lips wrapped around a throbbing shaft.

Finally, the pauses became longer, our lips no longer pressing urgently. Kissing like this was fantastic, but as we slowly wound down, time became something to be concerned about. Particularly in light that there was no way to know how long we had been together in the dimness, that sense of eternal timelessness being one of the fundamental pleasures of making out.

He left first, and I followed, seeing by the clock in the stair landing area that more than a half hour had passed. A wonderfully stretched half hour, of the sort that the baths provide in delicious abundance.