 Sorry this has taken me so long, everyone. I hope you enjoy! More to "come"....

*

Baseball season came and went in a blur. Between road games, home games, trying to keep my grades up, and fooling around with Chad and a few other guys, I was exhausted most of the time. Luckily, Chad was as competitive as anyone I had ever known so he helped me keep on track as far as baseball was concerned. Neither of us wanted to lose our scholarships, but more importantly, we didn't want to lose games. I soon learned to separate my personal life from my school life -- with the exception, of course, of a few well-placed blowjobs and hand jobs on buses coming home from out of town games.

My feelings for Chad had intensified even though I tried as hard as I could to keep them in check. He had established firmly that he was not into relationships; that he would fuck just about anyone, anytime, anywhere. Most of the time I could block those jealous feelings off, but sometimes they were so intense I couldn't be near him. I consoled myself by frequenting glory holes, bars, and even the school library, hooking up with random guys to get Chad off my mind.

It was at one of these times that I ran across my mystery man from down the hall. I was in the library at school, reaching up to get a book I needed for a research paper, when I felt someone come up right behind me. I turned around and there he was: blue eyes himself.

"Need some help?" he asked, standing closer to me.

"Uh," I stammered, mesmerized by the intensity of his gaze.

He laughed. "I'll take that as a yes," he said, then reached over my head and slid a book off the shelf. He leaned in closer to me as he handed it to me, backing me up against the shelf. "Is this the one you needed?"

"Yes," I said, not even looking at it. At that point I could have cared less what he had handed me. 

He moved closer, pressing into me, looking deeply into my eyes. I heard something off to the side and turned my head, seeing a couple of girls standing there. They stared at us for a minute, then giggled and walked off. He took my chin in his hand and turned my head back to face him.

"I'm Connor," he said in the deep voice that I had heard so many times.

"Brian," I said, my voice cracking.

Connor laughed. "I know. Chad told me." No surprise there.

"Oh? What else did he tell you?" I said, unable to tear my eyes away from his.

Connor just looked at me, a little half smile playing on his lips, then leaned in even closer. I swallowed hard and closed my eyes, not sure what to expect. I could feel his heat as he leaned into me, his breath on my face, could smell his shampoo...

When he reached out and gently ran a finger along the ridge of my cock, I nearly jumped out of my skin. He put his hand over my mouth, smiling at me, pushing me back hard against the bookshelf. 

"Shhh," he said, cupping my balls in his hand. He began to rub his palm up and down on my lengthening cock, making me moan against his hand. I closed my eyes again and leaned my head back, my arms caught behind me against the shelves. He slid his leg in between mine and nudged them apart, pulling my jeans tighter into my crotch and against my cock. I moaned again and tried to move my head, but he pushed his hand harder against my mouth and held me there.

"He told me you like cock," he said, looking into my eyes. I nodded and he removed his hand from my mouth, bracing his hands on either side of me. He looked at me for a long time, then leaned in and kissed me hard, forcing his tongue into my mouth. I gasped at how rough he was, then got excited when he put his hands on my hips and pulled me into him. I could feel his hard cock pushing against me as he moved his hips in and out. I threw my arms around his neck, my hands tugging on his black, silky hair, kissing him back just as hard.

He pulled away from me, gasping for air, his body still pressed against mine. I was dazed at his ferocity and my cock was throbbing painfully in my jeans. My hands were still on his shoulders, and I slid them down to his hard, chiseled chest. 

"I see he was right," he said, grinning at me. His hair fell into his eyes and he shook it back, not looking away from me. "What do you say we get out of here and do something about this?" he asked, reaching down and squeezing my cock.

I grunted and doubled over, my hand covering his and pressing it harder against me. "Oh, fuck yeah," I said, moving his hand up and down on my cock. He laughed and pulled his hand away, then said, "Go get your stuff. I'll meet you outside."

He walked away and I had to stand there for a minute, waiting for my cock to stop throbbing. He looked incredible in his tight jeans, boots, and t-shirt, his long legs striding away. I got myself together and left the library, nearly shaking at the thought of what was going to happen between us.

*****

He was leaning against one of the columns that flanked the library when I walked out, and without a word, he turned and headed for the parking lot. I was surprised, thinking we were going back to the dorm, but I followed him anyway. Hell, at that point I would have followed him off a cliff if that's where he'd gone. We got to his car, a black jeep, and he gestured for me to get in. I tossed my stuff in the back and got in, then he roared off and left campus.

"Where are we going?" I asked. 

"Nowhere in particular," he said, "Just driving. I like to drive."

"Cool," I said, and sat back, idly watching the traffic go by, noticing that the jeep smelled really good, like a combination of mint, leather and his cologne. I stole glances at him, noticing the wiry muscles in his forearms, his flat stomach, his long, muscular legs...and naturally, I found myself getting hard again. I remembered getting a glance of his cock through his boxer shorts that day in his room and I licked my lips involuntarily. My jeans suddenly became very uncomfortable, and I started shifting in my seat.

"What's wrong?" he said, looking over at me. 

"Oh, nothing," I grunted, a little embarrassed. My cock was really starting to get hard, and I squeezed my legs together to try and deal with the pressure.

"Hmmm," he said, looking down at the bulge in my lap. "Looks like you could use some help."

Trying to be casual, I said, "I can always use help with this thing, Connor."

He laughed. "Well, make it easy on me and lean back, would you?"

I looked at him, startled, then looked around at the traffic flowing by on either side of us.

"What? Are you shy?" he said, smirking at me.

"Fuck you," I said, then leaned the seat back and closed my eyes. I lay there for a minute, my mind racing, then I felt his hand slide up my thigh and squeeze. I held my breath as his hand slid higher, then popped the button on my jeans and slid the zipper down. I shifted a bit to loosen things up, then felt his hand slide inside my boxers and pull my dick out.

"Ohh yess," I said, as he started stroking my hard shaft. He reached down and lifted my balls so they were hanging out and started playing with them, switching from them to my cock, driving me crazy. His hand was rough on my skin, slowly jacking me off, playing with the head of my cock and then squeezing the shaft, making my hips move up and down.

"You like this?" he said, moving his hand to the top of my cock and teasing the head.

"Fuck yes," I moaned, thrusting my hips up into his hand. I reached for him and made him tighten his grip on me, then got his hand moving up and down again, spreading my legs wider so he could really jam my cock up and down. He started moving his hand faster and faster and I reached down to hold my balls with one hand as he jacked me off. Just as my cock began to throb and pulse, he stopped and removed his hand. My cock was so hard it was laying flat on my stomach, rigid and stiff and throbbing. I groaned in frustration and reached to grab it myself but he swatted my hand away.

"What the fuck?" I asked, my balls aching, my knuckles stinging where my hand had hit the side of the door.

"I don't want you to cum yet, Brian, okay? I thought you might want to give your audience more of a show."

"Huh?" I asked, still dazed, my body signals all fucked up. "What the fuck are you talking about?"

Connor grinned and gestured out my window. "Look," he said.

I looked over and noticed for the first time the semi truck driving right next to us. I'd had my eyes closed while Connor was stroking me and didn't even notice the truck had driven up next to us. I looked up and saw the driver shooting glances down at me, licking his lips as he looked at my cock.

I looked over at Connor, my lower belly starting to tingle, then slid my hand into his lap and squeezed the bulge in his jeans. He grunted and pressed down on my hand, rubbing it against him, them pushed me back and reached over to take my cock in his hand again.

"Is the guy still watching?" he asked, his hand moving very slowly on me, squeezing gently.

"Yes," I gasped, looking up at the trucker. He was having a very hard time keeping his eyes on the road, so I decided to make things even harder for him. I picked my hips up and slid my jeans and boxers down to my ankles, then stretched my hands up over my head, taking my shirt off and laying back to give the trucker a full view of my naked body. 

Connor drew in a breath and held his hand still for a minute. "Fuck, Brian," he said, looking over at me. "You're just begging for it, aren't you?" I nodded and looked back at the trucker, watching him. I could tell by his movements he was stroking his own cock, and the thought of that made me shiver. Connor took his hand off my cock and rubbed my nipples, pinching them, then slid his hand back down and wrapped it around my cock again. I arched my back, thrusting my cock into his hand, and looked at the trucker. He was watching us, then looked into my eyes and jerked his head off to the right. He did it again, gestured with his hand for us to follow him.

"Connor, I think he wants us to exit with him," I said, my breath coming in harsh gasps.

"Oh yeah?" Connor said, looking over at me. "You up for that?" I looked down at my hard cock in his hand, then looked back at Connor. "What do YOU think?" I asked.

Laughing, Connor moved his hand, checked the mirror, and I gestured to the trucker that we would follow him. He moved into the exit lane and Connor followed him. I was about to reach down and pull up my pants, but Connor stopped me. 

"Why bother?" he said. "You're probably just going to have to take them off again anyway."

I laughed and lay back in my seat, stretching my legs and trying to ignore my throbbing cock. 

We followed the trucker for a few miles to a truck stop off the highway, going with him as he drove to the back of the parking lot. Connor reached over and placed a hand on my chest, rubbing my tight stomach and playing with my nipples. We parked on the off side of the truck, where we weren't visible, and Connor told me to stay where I was so he could go find out what the trucker had in mind.

I lay there, naked, wondering what to expect. I wasn't too sure if I was into letting some trucker fuck me or anything -- I've heard about truckers and what they get up to, and I wasn't sure I was ready for that. For that matter, I wasn't even sure what to expect from Connor. I trusted Chad, though, and figured he wouldn't have told Connor about me if there was something off about him. 

Chad came over to my side of the car and opened the door. "Brian, this guy is hot. He's young and very horny and would like us to join him in his truck. What do you think?"

"Dude," I said, "I'm not sure about this."

"You don't have to do anything you don't want to do, okay? He just wants to get off and it doesn't seem like he cares how he does it. He has a whole pack of condoms in there, too, in case things get out of hand," he said, winking. "Come on, Bri. If nothing else, let me finish what I started with you, okay?" 

He reached in and gave my cock a squeeze, making me jump a little. I laughed and sat up, gathering up my clothes. Connor stopped me and said, "Come on, no one can see us. Let's give this guy a thrill." He grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the car, then bent down and helped me pull my shoes and socks off, then pulled my jeans and boxers all the way off. I was now standing totally naked in broad daylight in the back of a truckstop parking lot. Fuck, I was getting hot!

We walked over to the truck and got in, and I could see that Connor was right about the trucker. He was young, handsome, just a bit older than us, with short blonde hair and a closely trimmed beard. He had jeans on, which were unbuttoned, and was not wearing a shirt. His chest was lightly covered with hair and looked chiseled and hard, a lot like Connor's. He had bright green eyes and was clearly excited, breathing fast as he watched me climb up into the cab.

I've never been in a big rig cab before, and I was surprised at how big it was. I knew they came equipped with sleeping cabs in the back, but I had no idea they were so roomy. Connor nudged me into the back of the compartment and followed me, leaving the trucker to sit in the front and look back at us.

"So, what's your name?" I asked him.

"Luke," he said, his voice cracking. He licked his lips and stared at me, his eyes roaming all over my body. 

"What's on your mind, Luke?" Connor asked. "You invited us here, remember?"

Luke looked at him, seemingly a bit dazed, then licked his lips again.

"Do you like cock, Luke?" Connor asked, reaching over and taking mine in his hand. Luke's eyes widened and he nodded, swallowing hard.

"Have you ever had cock before, Luke?" Connor asked, beginning to stroke me. I moaned and stretched out on the bed, giving Luke the full view of my muscular body.

"N..no," Luke stammered. "I've seen videos of guys fucking, though, and they make me so fucking hard I can hardly stand it."

"Really? You mean all this time on the road and you haven't had cock from any of these other horny bastards?" Connor asked, stroking me slowly.

"I haven't been trucking long. This is only my second week," Luke said, his eyes glued to Connor's hand on my cock.

"Well, you're in for a treat then, Luke," Connor said. "You just tell us what you want to do."

Luke sat there for a while, just watching, then licked his lips again and looked at Connor. "I want you to take off your clothes."

Connor grinned and slipped his shirt over his head, then bent down and pulled off his boots and socks. He unfastened his jeans and slid them down, Luke gasping when he saw Connor had no underwear on. Connor gathered his clothes and tossed them into the front seat, then moved up next to me on the bed, laying back with his hands behind his head.

I couldn't help staring at Connor, too. He was long and lean, with hard muscles and dark hair on his chest and between his legs. His abs rippled every time he moved, and his cock was long and stiff, jutting up toward his flat stomach.

"Well, you've got both of us here, naked, Luke. What do you want?"

"Ahh," Luke moaned, reaching into his lap. I figured his cock must be throbbing and uncomfortable, so I suggested that he get naked with us. He looked at us, looked at our cocks, then slowly slid his jeans off and climbed into the back with us and sat cross-legged, staring at us. His cock was hard and he was stroking it absently, almost as an afterthought, as he stared at us.

"What do you want?" Connor asked again.

"I want to see you suck cock," he stammered, blushing.

Connor grinned and said, "Okay, Luke. Watch and learn."

He moved down and rolled over in between my legs, raising them so they were over his shoulders. I arched my back, my eyes half closed, and moaned loudly as I felt Connor's tongue begin sliding up the length of my cock. I had lost some of my erection but it came back in a hurry, my cock growing hard as Connor tongued me. I heard a moan from next to me and saw Luke stroking his cock faster, so I reached out and grabbed him to make him stop.

"You're going to cum too fast," I whispered. "Slow it down and enjoy."

Connor snorted and moved up so he could take my entire length in his mouth. He began moving his head up and down, his lips and tongue working me as he sucked me hard. I felt one of his fingers slide up into my asshole and moaned again, pulling Luke closer so he could see better. His eyes were wide and he was licking his lips so fast he looked like a lizard.

"Holy fuck," he whispered, getting up on his hands and knees so he could move in closer. He couldn't take his eyes off of Connor's mouth on my cock, and I could tell he was about to explode. As much as I hated to, I pushed Connor away and said, "Man, he's about to pop. We gotta slow down or this isn't going to last long."

Connor looked over at Luke, who was blushing and looking down. Connor sat up and leaned back, wiping his mouth, eyes gleaming. His cock was semi-erect, and he watched as Luke's eyes were drawn to it.

"Well, let's see," he said. "What should we do to keep that from happening?"

"Let him jack you off," I said. Luke's eyes darted wildly over to me, panicked, but I could see the desire there too. "No problem," Connor said. "Come on over here and jack me off, Luke. I promise I won't bite you."

I sat up and leaned against the opposite wall, watching as Luke struggled with his fear and desire, then said, "Come on, man. Nothing to be afraid of. Just get over there and do it."

Connor stretched out full length on the bed, his legs draped over mine, and Luke shyly moved over to sit next to him. He reached out and gently touched Connor's cock, jerking his hand back when Connor twitched.

"Give me your hand, Luke," Connor demanded, taking Luke's wrist in his hand. He moved Luke's hand and closed it around his cock, holding him there, then slowly began to move both their hands up and down. Luke moaned and licked his lips again, but didn't draw back. After a few second, Connor moved his own hand away and Luke kept stroking, gaining more confidence as Connor's body began responding.

"Oh yeah, that's it," Connor moaned. "Stroke me like you stroke your own cock, Luke, yeah. Come on, that's it." Luke's hand tightened and he shifted to get in better position, then used his other hand to begin stroking his own cock again.

I saw this and moved around behind Luke, placing my legs on either side of him. "Let me do that for you," I said, reaching around and closing my hand on his cock. His eyes closed and he leaned back against me, still stroking Connor as I stroked him. I shifted so my cock was jammed hard into Luke's back, but he didn't seem to notice. 

Connor was moaning softly, every so often placing his hand over Luke's and making him either slow down or speed up, and Luke was laying back on me, allowing me to pinch his nipples with one hand while stroking him with the other. We were all breathing harder, moaning, grunting, sweating...it was so fucking HOT, knowing Luke had never done this before.

I reached down with my other hand and rubbed Luke's balls, making him tense up, then reached as far under him as I could and teased his asshole with one finger while I stroked him. He gasped and tightened up, so I stopped and made soothing noises as I stroked him. I could feel his cock throbbing in my hand and knew he was going to cum soon, so I told him to start stroking Connor as fast as I was stroking him. My hand started flying on Luke's cock, squeezing hard and letting loose, until with a loud grunt he and Connor came at the same time, shooting all over the walls and ceiling of the sleeper cab.

Connor grabbed Luke's hand and held it on his throbbing cock as Luke leaned back against me, gasping, chest heaving, cock pulsing in my hand. I rubbed my other hand all over his chest and stomach, feeling his hard muscles tighten at my touch.
