 Looking at the upper level's clock, 4:45pm was unexpected. I'd arrived several minutes before 3pm, then spent almost every minute of this bathhouse visit with the towel clad man going down the spiral staircase in front of me. A visit whose surprising length added to its satisfaction, particularly in light of finally taking pictures of myself with another man.

I get off on pictures, and taking my first ones with a man had been a growing desire for months. I've practiced alone several times over the last several visits, taking pains to ensure that no one noticed any camera use. Such as when showering and soaping my cock hard, or jacking off in the video booths. I'd brought the camera today, having planned it to be early enough to take some more shots in the bottom level, particularly in the whirlpool.   

Several towels were already hanging downstairs, though I'd seen no one while quickly drinking my beer. Photography no longer a concern, I checked the whirlpool, seeing two men in it. Putting towel and bag on the middle lounger underneath the aquarium, I showered quickly. 

Stepping carefully into the warm water, sitting near the steps, not too distant from either. 

Even with widely drifting feet, little happened. It was not exactly an excuse that I kept shifting my ass and leg to find the least bubbling and splashing area of the bench's water jets. With the added attraction of allowing for more than a few discreet contacts.   

A new man entered the space. I looked at him directly as my right hand slid under the water, catching his attention. He watched my face as that hand encouraged a swelling cock, taking a step nearer as his hand undid his towel. He went up the stairs, making a brief sweep of his head while my gaze remained on him. My legs were open as I started stroking myself, looking at his crotch, feeling his attention turning towards me.

Sitting easily next to me, using the railing to pivot himself deeper into the tub with minimal waves. He was around my age, and it took little time or effort to have him responding to my foot sliding over his calf. Rising along his thigh, his hand now stroking my inner thigh, making me shift position, to allow his exploring hand to take further advantage of me.

My left hand was already massaging his half hard cock when he slid a finger along my willing length. The speed of our mutual arousal showing again just how easily two sluts can have fun with each other in a male only sauna. Fondling each other's sacks, we drew closer as currents played against our skin. Though the jetting water remained unpleasant when it occasionally splashed my face, such brief interruptions led to new positions.

Discovering just how much he loved having his soft asshole fingered while stroking his erect length took little time. In turn, he discovered how completely I'm addicted to touching my erect length while someone plays with my nipple. We grew entwined, pressing, creating varieties of intimate male contact, our shared sluttiness somewhat veiled by the fountaining water.

When the jets stilled, so did we, taking stock. Both men were still in their places, neither particularly aroused. However, we were, quickly resuming pleasuring each other. We'd stretched out, floating in the available space, moving together when the man across from us left the whirlpool. 

Neither of us could resist the temptation to get cock to cock. Something I've enjoyed before in the whirlpool, though generally not with other men around. 

The beer I'd finished just a few minutes before was adding to a growing wave of easy freedom, my left hand playing with his short cropped hair, delicately exploring his ear and neck. My right hand was guiding his stiff cock towards mine, his floating weight being easy to shift. His left hand had found its way beneath my bush, making me sigh as he began to touch my asshole. And to spread my legs wider, my moaning loud and low, turning a bit on the bench, giving him easier access to finger me.

With the benefit of bringing my cock closer to his, our cockheads touching a fulfillment of mutual desire. His mouth was on my neck as his moans rose with mine. I'd watched the entire time, the sight of my hardness against another man's in a public whirlpool adding to my excitement at feeling it happen. The baths are a fantastic playground for such games played with strangers. 

The clear water offered a barely rippling view of our cocks. We alternated stroking, cocks touching, both of us totally lost in the pleasure of another man's aroused rod. After the second or third attempt, hand sliding over and then  down his ass cheeks, he was positioned close enough for my left hand to glide along his soft ring, the other hand keeping my cockhead sliding over his. He already had a finger playing with my ass, both of us approaching the unstoppable boundary of cumming, face to face, cock to cock, asses being fingered.

The central fountain started to burble, about the same time another man entered the pool. Only becoming noticeable after he stumbled over my partner's legs. Both interruptions easily combined into a natural break, him rising first. He went to the cubbyholes along the steambath wall, wrapping a towel over himself while I went into the shower. The time was already 3:30pm, meaning we must have spent at least 20 minutes together in the tub, even if it wasn't really possible at the time to measure how long we caressed and fondled each other in the water. Good sex tends to involve a timeless aspect, as the now expands into an overwhelming presence, overshadowing any attempt to remain aware of an external framework.  

After several bobbled responses between the showers and dry spaces and step, I went upstairs, knowing he was following me. Turning towards the video section at the top of the steps, thoughts turning in the direction of wondering if any good porn was playing.

And discovering that it didn't matter. Without bothering to see what was playing on its screen before entering, I eagerly spread out my towel and various supplies just before he stepped into the booth. He quickly removed his towel, the door open, both of us naked and horny. I sat on the platform, my legs spreading wider, my eyes taking in the sight of his swelling cock.

Playing with my cock, the thought of someone coming by and seeing, or even joining us, added a certain thrill. One quickly subsumed as he closed the door, sitting next to me, his finger quickly finding my wanting nipple. Moaning, looking at his cock, my finger returned to the sexy softness of his ass as we sat on the platform. It took little time for us to return to our previous level of horniness, stiff cocks leading us on.      

Time melted as we returned to caressing and fondling each other. I realized that this was an opportunity to finally take pictures of myself having sex with another man. He was definitely horny, both of us having already enjoyed pressing our cocks together.  

Turning face to face, stroking each other's cock, my left hand slid the camera out of the black bag, resting it between the condoms and the poppers bottle. Telling him about the camera was less than easy, having been turned down the very first time I'd asked a stranger. Lacking any response from him, I began to explain he could take the pictures, to make sure they were private by his own standards. His only response was a half smile as he kept stroking me, moving his cock closer to mine.

We were deliciously cock to cock before I could even raise the camera. As he pressed our cocks together, the kinkiness of taking pictures of gay sex was almost overwhelming. By the second or third time the flash went off, it was almost impossible not to cum each time the button was pressed, feeling and seeing my hard cock against a horny stranger's.

After taking a number of pictures (most of poor quality at best), he was no longer so hard. Putting the camera down, I picked up a condom. It was simple to open, its touch making him gasp as my lips followed the unrolling latex down his lengthening shaft. I indulged my cock sucking desires, ones that no man has actually resisted till now, dozens of strangers growing hard and sexy in my mouth.

Turned on, moaning as my mouth went deeper, I sucked harder as he stiffened. His hands slid over my head before sliding upwards, where I could see him start to tweak his nipples, eyes closed, his expression entranced. Finding strangers who become total sluts when given the chance is a long running reality of the baths, an irresistible one for all concerned.   

He was laying on the platform, legs spread. I'd turned sideways on my feet and knees, head moving up and down, my left hand at the base of his cock. Varying the sensations of teeth, tongue, and lips, letting fingers play with his balls before they slid down to start teasing his sexy ass. My mouth was filled with cock, both of us loving the sensations of cocksucking.

Hearing him sigh in submission as my finger began to go into his yielding hole, my mouth taking most his length, the sound of sloppy suction becoming unavoidable as my lips floated over the accumulated saliva running down the latex. Putting his feet flat, he lifted himself up, making it much easier for me to suck and finger him. 

This went on for a while, until I needed to shift my weight off now stiff knees and compressed toes. Leading to the discovery of a new cocksucking position. Essentially, bowing before his erect cock, my finger beginning to slide deeper. At which point, he carefully put one leg over my shoulder. This made his cock easier to suck, and he clearly loved getting fingered more deeply.

It took little effort to naturally shift ourselves so that his other leg could rest on my other shoulder. Now, his offered cock filled my moving mouth, excess saliva wettening his balls and asshole. He began to talk as I went down on and finger fucked him, saying things like wonderful, lovely, and beautiful in a sexy tone, revealing just how turned on he was.

Though my body was physically in the position of a servant, in front of its master, he was the helplessly subservient one, pumping himself into my mouth. I discovered what he desired most from a cock sucker when getting fingered, concentrating on that for a bit, feeling his ass move in time with my sucking. He came at some point, my fingering and sucking continuing until he completely lowered himself back to the platform, moving his legs off my body.

Spinning and extending to slowly sit up, my back resting against the cool wall, I stretched my left leg out straight, right leg bent a bit, the knee supported by the other wall, with an angled screen in front of me. I began to stroke myself while he dealt with the filled condom, my cock quickly returning to its full length. His finger began to play with a nipple as he moved near me again. Leading me to find the camera, something that grew to a major distraction as the sensations from my breast became overwhelming. Almost making me give up, knowing that my fantasy of making cock to cock pictures had already been fulfilled.

Yet, a small part of my mind noted that the picture quality was completely unknown, additional pictures providing more assurance that a couple might be of good enough quality. It had not seemed that long, meaning that a few pictures would not be such a distraction each time the flash went off. However, focussing on holding the camera became very difficult, as his finger's stroking entranced me. Leading to a number of disconnected attempts to point the lens correctly. 

I was thankfully being turned into his slut, his skill making me crave more. Especially after taking a few more daring shots of myself having sex with a man. Joining a certain club, with members like my wife's father's second wife. Whose pictures of fucking and sucking two men I've cum to more than once. Along with posting them to a public web site - the two men clearly comfortable sharing a woman while her husband took hardcore pics. 

Photos I know my wife has seen, though the one time she talked about them when playing with her vibrator, after drinking a couple of glasses of red wine, she called them dirty and perverse. And after cumming, saying they had been deleted. Which wasn't quite the case, as it turns out. I really like amateur work, especially when the people in the pictures are horny. 

Amateur has multiple meanings, including a lack of concentration. The previous shots couldn't be that good, but they were all I could manage. Lowering the camera behind his back, my now free hand quickly found the poppers. His hand had joined mine along my stiff shaft, freeing me to use both hands to do a hit of Rush.

Waiting until his finger began touching my quivering ass ring to open the brown bottle. Pressing a nostril closed as the smell gathered, taking a deep hit, lungs filling. Remaining able to close the bottle tightly while feeling the sexual wave start its rise. Losing awareness of what was held in my opening hand, my body sinking into the pleasure between my legs.

Literally with bated breath, sensation expanding unstoppably as his finger began to enter my hole. My squeezing and relaxing asshole, his hand on my cock, finally breathing out. "Oh fuck yeah .. love .. I love .. man sex .. yeah .. pictures,' tumbled into the cabin.

His words followed, talking about my cock, how it felt and looked, his finger pressing and slowly entering my hole, knowing what a slut like myself wants.  

Slumping unstoppably, making him finger fuck me deeper, I replaced his hand on my cock. Followed by feeling him start to stroke a nipple again. Time stretched, each stroke and motion liquid, precum spreading over my cock. Trying to change my focus, taking up the camera again seemed like a good distraction. Quickly, this grew into an urge to take more pictures, braking the temptation of orgasm for now.

Though not changing just how turned on I was, or the fact that he kept finger fucking me. Barely able to find and raise the camera, trying to point it to capture more of the abandoned sex I was having with a man was challenging. The rush's now fading strength helped in keeping each flash from making me cum, feeling so completely exposed, making pictures like this with a stranger. A fantasy fulfilled, one I hadn't even conceived of when 20. Much less the reality of being able to share them digitally later. 

Utterly loving what a stranger was doing to me, surrendering just like he had when I'd been going down on him, legs over my shoulders, finger penetrating his willing ass. The porn on the screen involved rimming and a hard cock - at least the bit I noticed, before my eyes closed, legs wide to let him go deeper. My hand sank down, feeling the bottle on the platform. However, instead of picking up the camera, I begin to stroke his back and ass.

His finger slowly withdrew, his hand returning to my shaft, murmuring how sexy my cock was. This time, I was able to handle the camera adequately enough, concentrating on capturing what he was doing to me, my first pictures of having a man jacking my cock. I kept moving the camera, even taking a shot from above.

Letting my left arm sink, camera still on, his finger returned to my hole. The sensations were delightful, and on my second attempt, I could at least raise the camera high enough, pointed more or less properly to take more pictures. Including trying to show just how hard being finger fucked by a stranger made me.

Done with photography, I switched the camera for the little brown bottle. Doing a second deep hit, his finger responding perfectly to the squeezing waves of my hole. Dirty words arose in time to the now full motion stroking, showing off my cock as he leaned close. Hearing him say things like "hot cock," "beautiful," and "sexy man."

"Ass slut fucker ..  I love it .. sex with men .. cock sex .. sucking .. turned on by cock" was the start of a stream. Soon enough, the stream died in the heat of the sensations. Holding my cock at its root, ass moving in time with his fingering as words turned to moans, with "fuck yeah" and other simple expressions letting him know how completely turned on I'd become.

The rush was ebbing, but not my horniness. He knew it, just like I'd known how to get him off. My half-hearted attempt to stay away from orgasm melted as he finger fucked me, his tongue sliding along my ear lobe before hearing him whisper "cum for me .. beautiful cock .. pump it." Knowing he had brought me over the edge, my ring pressing hard against his finger, I gave in.

'Finger me .. so good .. kinky cock pictures .. fucker .. oh yeah .. make me cum .. I love it .. with men ...."

At some point, the words turned into grunts, then groans, orgasm filling my balls, uncaring about anything except hot cum pumping up my shaft, his finger deep inside, at the very center of my ecstasy. The jets of semen splattered, the first loudly hitting the naked platform, the next couple my naked leg, the liquid heat spurring me on, along with hearing him say "cum for me .. lovely .. cock lover."       

Coming out of the wonderful haze of orgasm, I looked down, seeing just how much cum had splattered, an amount that matched just how good it had felt. I saw his satisfied smile after his finger left my ass, both of us content. 

"Good?" he asked, giving me a couple of paper towels to clean up with.

"Spectacular" was my reply, lips parted, voice breathless. He moved closer, his hand reaching out, to slide over my head. His nipple near, I leaned closer, beginning to lick it. My tongue began to explore his neck as I rose off the platform, and we soon began to kiss.

A kiss that deepened and expanded, our tongues and lips playing. Our arms entwined, hands rising over the other's head. I have kissed a number of men over the years, with exceptional delight. It is one of the most addictive things two people can share, requiring opportunity and luck for it to occur. 

But till now, always before or during sex, never afterwards like this. Kissing can become timeless, but as sweat began to drip off me, I couldn't avoid recognizing how warm the small space had grown. He was still understandably eager, however, I'd reached the point of leaving. Reluctantly perhaps, as we kept teasing each with continued kissing.

Finally, we left, having spent more than an hour and a half together, almost all of that time involving male sex. 

As a note, though most of the pictures weren't that good, the time stamps provided a chance to see how time passed, even if bore little relation to my memory. Certainly, the idea that I went down on a man's cock for a half hour was a surprise.

Intriguingly, the fulfillment of one fantasy leads to further ones, such as having a man take pictures of me while stroking our cocks together or sucking him off.