 Late winter and early spring are for woodcutting in this region. All the cutting work I do is with a bow saw - I never use a chainsaw. However, lifting and carrying the 6 foot long pieces of 5 decade old red oak and acacia takes a serious toll on my back. Being roughly the same age as the wood, this is essentially unavoidable.

However, a good bathhouse is also a good sauna, with all of its customary health benefits. So I arrived right around opening, preparing to enjoy repeating rounds of the dim steambath, the octagonal whirlpool, the Finnish sauna, and showering in the hot water. 

I drank my customary beer while several men arrived, but upstairs, the booths and porn room were empty. I did a quick poppers hit in the empty porn room, getting turned on at the idea that all the men were already downstairs, and thus readily available for mutual games.

But this Thursday seemed to have a very different mood, much more distant. Three men were in the Finnish sauna, but after taking a long hot shower, I found the whirlpool empty. I sat there for maybe 5 minutes. After having decided to leave the cooler than expected water, a heavier man with black rimmed glasses glanced at me. 

He was the same man that had sucked off a man I had gotten hard in the whirlpool a couple of visits ago. He made the man cum, as my left hand stroked his cock using the same rhythm as my right hand on my own rod, seeing it all happen so close, not exactly a common event for me, even after all my visits.

He quickly ducked away, my hope being that he had gone to shower, but soon, it seemed clear he wasn't planning to share the hot tub with me now. When the central fountain began to seethe, I exited the water.

I took another hot shower, went back upstairs, did another hit of rush, before deciding to spend some time in the Turkish bath.

And just like the first time, upstairs was deserted, the porn uninteresting. I tend to be a big fan of gay group porn - threesomes or moresomes are always as hot to watch as they to be a part of. The hard cocks being the easy giveaway and not so secret invitation to join in. 

The steam room was not empty, and after adjusting to the conditions a bit, I decided to go to the back. There, things went quickly in the dark, a man walking by out of the darkness, pausing right next to me, our hands quickly finding each other's cocks, bodies inevitably moving closer as we began to enjoy a stranger's touch. He shifted position, turning his ass to have it slide against my cock, a not exactly subtle but very welcome invitation for a bit of anal play.

It took no time to cover my cock, and I began to guide his ass against my cockhead. As we found the right angle for my cock to push past his very tight hole, he moaned, getting louder when my hand began to fondle his balls, using his sack to lever his erect cock.

He said 'condom,' and my first response was just grinding against him so good, making him groan in pure pleasure as my covered cockhead slid past his pulsing anal ring. After fucking like this for several moments, he pulled away a bit, and I felt his hand place a condom at the tip of my cock. Telling him I'd already put on a condom, he stopped and checked. His hand left my cock, allowing me to return to sliding my cock into his hole so good, my cock soon starting to go past his incredibly tight ring.

He stopped moving, saying 'lube' as he turned, his teeth seemingly opening a package, its contents going over his hand, ass, and my sheathed cock. He began to press himself against me, his yielding asshole easily being penetrated again.

A third man tried to get involved, but his nipple play was far too pinching for me, with my own attention was now thoroughly locked on the man whose tight ass I was filling. Getting the hint, the new man moved, beginning to play with the nipples of the man I was lightly ass fucking, so close to cumming that any distraction was welcome. Even the change in my partner's motions when the other stranger began to suck his cock.

The sandwiched man, obviously enjoyed our efforts, reached down to play with the jutting cock of the man tweaking his nipples. My cockhead had been moving in and out for a while, always on the verge of cumming. My partner's reaction was enticing, similar to his response when it was me pumping his hard cock, with the added thrill of his anus squeezing and releasing my cock as I held his hips. 

Focusing mainly on our own ass fucking, eventually the third man moved off into the dimness. 

After sliding out at least a couple of times, he straightened, his hand holding my cock, and said 'Why don't we get a cabin?' I let my finger trail down his back until it reached his hole, starting to finger fuck him, concentrating on the being inside him in a different way, his moans and motions a perfect guide. My mouth reached his neck, where my teeth beginning to lightly bite along his stretched skin, his head turning back.

'Oh yeah .. fuck me? .. together .. cabin .. want to?' he was able to pant, his hand on my cock. 'It's too hot for me now.'

Smiling, my reply was simply 'Maybe later.'

He left the steam. I stayed a couple of more minutes before starting doing a new circuit - showering, whirlpool, then entering the now empty dry sauna. Which in about 2 minutes turned into a space with 5 men, Again, a certain reservation or distance, though in this case, completely like that of a public sauna with 5 men in it. Nothing leading to any possibly misconstrued action at all, though unlike at a public mixed sauna, here could be essentially no doubt that all of us enjoyed sex with men.

Leaving the sauna after maybe 5 minutes, I stepped to the shower area, and washed the beaded sweat off, followed by spending several minutes letting the hot water soak my back before going to the whirlpool. A couple of men were in it, but we all sat equidistantly from each other, in much the same manner as in the dry sauna.

Exiting the whirlpool as the central fountain started, the same man with glasses passed me by as I went into the steam room. Where nothing was going on, something that suited my back just fine.

Returning upstairs, I did still another hit of rush, noted the uninteresting porn that no one was watching, quickly going back down the metal spiral staircase.

At the lowest level again, I spent a long time showering in hot water, at edge of my not very extreme endurance, feeling my back slowly relax. Hearing that the central fountaining had ended, I brushed the water off, returning to the comparatively cool whirlpool. Which had four men. Without a single hard cock or moving hand to be seen in the clear water. 

Continuing to take advantage of the sauna itself, I returned to the steam room, seeing it was close to 4pm on the clock above the entrance. The original plan had been to leave around 4:15pm, to avoid traffic. Inside, the steambath was wonderfully hot, but that same Thursday style of reservation remained among the couple of men sharing the space, just like in the whirlpool.

Stepping out of the steamroom, the man with the glasses was putting his stuff into a cubbyhole before going in, capping my sense of vague amusement at missed opportunities - or being avoided, one or the other. 

Taking another couple of minutes under the hot shower, my back feeling much better, it remained a toss up whether to leave now, or go upstairs one last time. Of course, temptation won out, deciding that doing a hit from the poppers bottle would not put me too far behind schedule. The only condition being that the porn had to be at least watchable. I dried off, heading upstairs, wondering how the bathhouse felt so empty, even though there were a good number of visitors, a steady stream still arriving.

Looking into the large screen porn room, I saw a foursome on the screen, naked and hard. Gay group porn is irresistible to me, one of the major reasons I am such a cock lover. Hard cocks demonstrate that what is happening is beyond acting, and when first exposed to such erotic porn after the end of my relationship with my first girlfriend, the impact was incredible. 

At the time, I was also sharing a house with the man I had first jacked off with, and his girlfriend, along with the drummer of his band. Though we shared a number of tastes, such as organic smoke, we had never mutually jacked each other in the past. He knew of my taste in poppers, and they did buy rush for me from the Pleasure Chest, back in the 80s. Apart from my own girlfriends, my friend and his quite attractive girlfriend were the only people to know about my complete weakness regarding poppers. Only my wife knows about my weakness concerning poppers and gay group sex, an attraction that first started in my early 20s with porn, only to now reach the point of actually happening over the last several delightful years.

In the present, my hand not so subtly reaching under my towel, I saw there was a man already watching the porn, enjoying it properly enough. His legs were spread a bit, his cock maybe 3/4 hard, wearing what seemed to be a black leather cock ring. His attention was straight ahead, watching the screen. Positioned in a way that was discrete, requiring a bit of effort on the part of a potential viewer to notice. 

A good number of the men that visit the porn area tend to focus only at the screen while standing in the entrance, and after a moment or two, leave. Another group spreads out on one of the three wide, padded levels, the top one doubly wide, with plenty of space for multi-partner fucking and sucking on the top level. Many of the men in that group enjoy showing off - or looking, not to mention any number of other mutual games.

Deciding to enjoy at least a few more minutes at the baths, I closed the door in the porn booth directly opposite the cinema space, did another hit of rush, then breathed out, my cock already feeling the effects. Returning quickly to the cinema, I looked more closely at the other man, taking off the towel before sitting in the middle of the middle row, touching my now growing cock.

The porn on the screen was incredibly erotic. Jacking off and watching, a few moans passed over my lips as the scene switched to a mouth going down a sexy shaft, hearing the moans from the movie all around. Turning to look up at his crotch, it was obvious he was equally horny, his erect cock lit softly by the screen's light. Letting my left hand drift near his foot brought a quick response as he spread his leg out, his foot now in reach.

Touching his sole, he gasped as my fingertips ran lightly to his toes, then back over his arch. I was staring at the screen, entranced by the porn, tracing the shape of a generally very erogenous part of a person's body, especially when already aroused.

We moved closer, allowing me to reach his leg, feeling its fine hairs, before sliding up a bit more. My fisted cock rigid, I looked at his own sexy hard cock as he jacked off, legs spread wide. 

Shifting our positions gradually, my hand was able to travel further along his leg, both of us aware that soon, my hand would begin to touch his now erect and quivering cock. He was so horny he wasn't even touching himself any more, just increasing the anticipation. He was looking straight at my crotch when the fingers of my fingers began to slide along his sack, prolonging his delicious waiting a bit longer.

Letting my gaze return to the screen, playing with my rod, my fingers began to rise along his shaft, making him sigh in pure pleasure, a sensation we were both well versed in. Gay porn playing in front of us, my hands began to follow the cock stroking rhythm of the kneeling cocksucker on the screen, my hands cueing off the action displayed on the large surfaces. It was fantastic, feeling how hard the porn made both of us, something I never did when much younger. Possibly luckily, because the attraction was unbelievable, and so simple - and even better than those days jacking off with a friend looking at Penthouse or Club or Gallery.

While utterly enjoying ourselves on the top and middle tier, two men entered, both standing still along the inner entrance, shifting position to look at what was happening. I glanced over a couple of times, though my attention remained mostly focused on the porn, stroking my own hard cock and another man's, still using the same rhythm as seen on the screen of the horny man on his knees, alternating sucking one cock and stroking the others.

One man left as a third man entered, moving closer to the action, looking around. Watching him a bit, I looked at him in a fairly direct fashion, though my attention was still mainly on the sexy porn and the horny cocks in my grasp. I could not stop from moaning when the camera pulled back a bit, and the foursome added two more horny men on a chair to the side of the matching sofa. Both men were hard, their bodies betraying their desire, one taking the other man deep in his mouth. 

Noticing the motion of the new man's hand going to his crotch, I saw him squeeze his cock for a bit, then he reached into his towel. Not to open it or play with himself, but at the side, where the towel tucked into itself. Something unusual enough to divert my attention from the sexy rimming on the screen.

He took out a familiar shaped, undoubtedly brown, bottle, holding it a bit hesitantly. By now, I was openly looking at him, spreading my legs wider and pressing my cock down a bit as our eyes met. There was no reason to be shy or coy, after all - the group porn really was hot, I was really hard, and I really was jerking off with another man's hard cock in my hand. And the only way to have group sex is to involve multiple partners - something very easy to do at a bathhouse.

He put the bottle near his nose, uncapped it, then breathed in, pressing one nostril closed with a finger. He breathed out after a bit, then repeated the process on the other side. As he began to close the bottle, I made a point of luxuriously stroking the length of my cock, first close against my middle, then extending out, pointing into free space. 

Returning the bottle to the same place, I wondered how he did it. I use a small black cloth bag to carry condoms and rush, but my towel tying skills are awful. A skill learned at a bathhouse, asking another man at the bar on my first ever visit how to actually do it. A strange sensation at the time, since I really wanted to know, but could not escape the reality of standing naked in front of a man interested in sex with other men. 

In the porn space of the present, there was no confusion about our motives, seeing how purely sexual they were. The newest visitor began squeezing his cock again, focusing my attention thoroughly. 

I knew perfectly what sort of slut he was becoming, having done exactly the same thing before starting to play with a stranger. The fact his hit was so public just added to my arousal, being fairly sure that we would be sharing poppers at some point. At least if my cock had anything to do with it. A cock that he happened to be staring at greedily while fondling his own cock and balls, still wrapped in the white towel. 

The man above me was rock hard, and though it had been very enjoyable sharing the porn with him, when the new man stepped in front of me, I knew that my focus would shift. As it did when his hand slipped over my cock, followed by him bending down to suck me. 'Condom,' I managed to say in the face of temptation, my hand gently pushing back against his forehead.

He quickly shifted his focus, his lips closing over my right nipple as his hand gripped the tip of my wanting cock. Unable to stop from groaning 'oh fuck yeah,' looking at the sexy action in front of me, knowing that a man had just started to suck my sensitive nipple. This is one area where gay porn is completely accurate - men are hopeless sluts when someone plays with their nipples, much more so than any individual woman, who have a much wider response range.

My bi-friend can't resist having her nipples played with, just like any man in a bathhouse, but they never get really erect even as she turns into a wet sexy slut when I touch or suck them. 

My wife's nipples are exemplary in how they react to the merest touch or breath, crinkling and hardening most enticingly, though this doesn't arouse her at all. Admittedly, nipple play may be something that straight men aren't quite aware of. As an example, when my very drunken wife was playing with our very drunken neighbor, his response to her playing with his nipples was to play with hers, interrupting her - ironically, doing something that doesn't interest her in the least. His cock getting hard would have interested her, she actually told me, but he seemed a touch clueless - or very drunk, she admitted, after I had stopped laughing. 

Here, basking in the sexy gay porn, enthralled at the sight of so many turned on men for me to enjoy, the fluid sensation at my nipple almost made me cum. A sensation that definitely distracted me from playing with the cock above me, my grip weakening as the waves of liquid pleasure from my breast began to build. The scene of abandoned male sex playing on the wall fit perfectly into our own sexual contact, three men enjoying themselves in a male only space.

Beginning to squeeze the new man's nipple as he stroked my cock, the growing sighs obvious as he slumped closer to it. He had already apparently abandoned any attempt to suck me, much like I lost any interest in condoms as my cockhead found his chest. 

Feeling his nipple against my held cock was fantastic, precum already spreading its pure male magic between us, feeling his nipple harden as my stroked cock moved against it. That I couldn't stop playing with my cock as he leaned closer wasn't a problem, it seemed. The porn on the wall was showing the rimmed man being fucked, as my cock began to explore the novel delights of a man's sexy chest. 

I have tit fucked four women while enjoying poppers, but this was the first time exploring the temptations of a man's breast so intimately. The sensations were fantastic, his own sounds indicating how much he was getting off. My cock slit was perfectly sized to feel his erect nipple enter it, an incredible mixture of extreme sensitivity mingled with pure sexual feeling. I began to slide my turned-on cockhead around his nipple, indulging myself in the slippery mixture of pre-cum and sweat as my flared cock head circled it.

His moans were obvious as he slumped further against me, both of us clearly enjoying the other's horniness. My efforts stroking the cock behind me became erratic, even as the porn continued to drive itself straight into my mind, watching the men continue to indulge in hot group sex. Much like I was enjoying in the present, getting lost in the fantastic pleasures of a stranger's body and skills. 

It was clear that my cock's nipple play was turning him on, making it so much easier to fist my cock against him, knowing that the pleasure was mutual. Feeling his whiskers against my breast, the difference between a man and woman was clear - and there was no doubt that at this moment, I wanted a man with his hard nipple and pressing weight, not a woman and her sexy soft breasts underneath me.

I was lost in the pleasure of another man's body, distantly amazed at how sexy his chest was, my hand hand guiding my cock against him, riding the wave of almost orgasm as long as possible. Unlike the last time here, he did not block my view of the sexy video playing in the theater space. Ensuring that the special charms of watching porn while jacking off continued to add to the total pleasure of tit fucking my first man. My left hand continued to enjoy the cock ringed man above me. Who had been watching us every time I glanced up to enjoy the sight of another hard cock. His cockring was black, and made out of leather. A nicely made accessory, interesting to touch and look at it, the leather pressing his balls down. My cock stroking was no longer in sync with anything, but he remained rock hard, in part because watching is always erotic when everyone's cocks are hard.
