 Ever since I can remember I had fantasised about touching another man's cock. I suppose I was bi-curious, mostly straight but with a definite curious streak as to what it would be like to have a cock in my hand, or in my mouth – or just to play around with. I didn't even think I was too bothered about getting anything much in return and I certainly didn't fancy kissing and cuddling with another man, although a mutual wank would probably be nice. 

Now, with my wife having gone away for several weeks to college on a training course for her work and with me having just celebrated my fortieth birthday with a lonely wank, I figured it was going to be now or never.

I knew what I wanted, but I had no idea how to get it. So what I thought I needed was someone else who was bi-innocent and only cautiously curious, also preferably someone slim and just a little younger than me. I'd wondered for days where to find such a person without landing myself with a raging queen before I eventually placed an advert on an online site, stating that I was inexperienced and just looking for another bi-curious cock to fool around with on a one off meet and without taking things too far, figuring that with a bit of luck I could weed out the unsuitable ones.

Oh boy! Did I need to do some weeding? I wasn't short of replies, but most of them were from experienced gays just looking for another anal cherry to pop. Could they not read? The one thing I didn't want was a predator looking for easy meat. In fact the range of unsuitable answers truly amazed me, but I'm glad to say that among the dross was a handful of what looked like genuine replies from guys who had actually read my ad and understood what I was seeking. I managed to whittle them down until I had one reply that I thought fitted the bill and a couple more in reserve in case I was wrong about the first one. Then I got in touch with the guy who had sent that most likely reply.

He was called Aaron and he was a twenty-six years old slim built blond with very little body hair, according to his photograph anyway, and that suited me. He stated that he had wanted to try some light man on man contact for ages but had never had the nerve to follow it through. Just the sort of guy I was looking for. We emailed each other a couple of times, then chatted on Skype, and then, when we were both sure we were happy about it, we arranged to meet. He would come to mine as he still living with his folks, and then we'd have a coffee and take it from there, no obligation either way.

When I heard the doorbell ring I almost panicked. I had to stand in the hall for a few moments, swallowing hard and trying to prevent my hands from trembling too much to open the door. Fortunately the person ringing the bell was the easy going sort and just naturally put me at my ease. I hope I did the same for him.

Aaron was taller than I expected for some reason, pretty much my own height of just a fraction less than six feet, and had an open smiling face under a mop of unruly blond hair. He introduced himself with an extended hand that took mine in a firm but not over-strong grip. All in all I quickly came to the conclusion that I had picked right. 

Naturally we were both a bit nervous - well, more than a bit if truth be told - but we got on well nonetheless. I made coffee and we sat and chatted for while, getting to be comfortable with each other. In fact the only difficulty we had was broaching the subject that had got us meeting in the first place. Eventually I figured it was up to me as it was my house, and so in the end I took a deep breath and grabbed the bull by the horns.

'Shall we go upstairs?' I asked straight out. 

'I thought you'd never ask.' He joked, his nervousness showing in his voice.

I led the way and we climbed the stairs in silence, each of us trying to master the near panic that was suddenly afflicting us. When we got there we both stood silently and looked at the bed for a few moments, coming to terms with what we both expected to happen on it, and then by unspoken consent we both began to undress, each of glancing at the other from the corner of our eyes. 

The first thing I noticed when we were both naked was that neither of us had a worthwhile erection, but as we were both breathing heavily and licking dry lips I think that had more to do with being plain scared than any lack of arousal. At least mine was half hard, although I must admit that I was as nervous as a kitten even though I felt very eager.

'Ready?' I asked, indicating for him to lie on the bed.

He nodded without speaking and then climbed on and lay down, flat on his back with his arms alongside him and looking at me rather anxiously. It was probably his nerves that helped mine, because if he had oozed self-confidence I would not have had the composure to take the lead the way I did then.

'We'll be okay.' I told him. 'And we can stop at any time if it doesn't work out.'

Again he nodded silently, watching as I sat sideways on the bed beside him, level with his pelvis and facing him, and reached out for his cock. It felt strange, not what I'd been expecting at all. But then, I'd been sort of automatically expecting a rock hard erection rather than the flaccid little thing that flopped about in my fingers.

'Sorry.' He spoke at last. 'I'm just a bit tense.'

'I know.' I told him, glancing down at myself and noticing happily that mine had now become fully erect. 'Don't worry about it. There's plenty of time.'

For a little while I played with him, letting my fingers stroke along his soft shaft without getting very much response. But then slowly he began to fill out, his cock gradually jerking its way to hardness, growing longer and harder in my hand. I smiled at him with some relief because I had been wondering if we'd have to give up and call it a day.

'You see.' I told him. 'I said we'd be okay.'

Now I could play with him properly, gripping him between two fingers and a thumb and stroking his full length, and now he felt how I'd expected him to, warm and firm under my touch. My hand ran along his shaft as I got used to the strangely wonderful feel of a cock that wasn't my own, while he lay there and let me, which was really just as I wanted him. Eventually his eyes closed as he relaxed under my touch and faint moan of pleasure came from his lips. I smiled in satisfaction as I prepared myself for the next step.

The next step was a big deal for me. I wanted to find out what it was like to suck a cock, to feel a hard cock in my mouth. Somehow, with a woman, oral sex had always seemed more intimate and more adventurous than full intercourse, and so with a man, where I expected to skip the intercourse bit, I felt I was very much leaping into the deep end. But still, I was determined to try it. Without saying anything to Aaron I leaned over until my mouth was above him, and then I opened it and just kind of hovered there while I mustered the nerve to lower my head.

It took me a while to get up the courage, but I kept stroking Aaron's shaft all the while. It was a lovely sensation, feeling the skin of his shaft move over the hard engorged flesh underneath; somehow you don't get that same feeling when you play with your own. It was so nice that I could feel myself smiling with delight, although I don't think he noticed because he still had his eyes closed. 

He certainly noticed when I finally did lower my head and close my lips over the head of his cock though. He growled deeply with pleasure and his hand lifted from the bed to rest on my leg, the first voluntary move he'd made. It felt nice, the feel of his hand on my thigh, fingers just moving in a slow caress. At least I knew he was going to be able to respond.

It felt really weird to have a man's cock in my mouth. The first thing I noticed was how it seemed both soft and hard at the same time, the tip nice and cushiony while behind that shallow softness was a sort of hard core. I was surprised how big it felt too, just the head pretty much filled my mouth and that was not because he was particularly well endowed but because the inside of a mouth isn't as big as you think it is. I had a sudden respect for the women who had gone down on me over the years. There was just room for me to use my tongue on Aaron's cock, licking the tip and swirling around his mushroom, while my fingers carried on stroking his shaft. This was what I'd wanted to experience, and now I was. The sensations were making my heart race and my cock swell to the point of discomfort. Success so far, now all I had to do was to make him come.

I didn't really want him to come in my mouth, though. Well... I sort of did, but I just didn't have the bottle to do it. And, in any case, I wanted to see him come, to watch him shoot his load because of what I was doing to him. So I compromised with myself. I would suck and wank him until the last minute and then pull away so I could actually see him shoot – so long as I timed it right.

That was exactly what I did. I sucked him, lowering my mouth down his shaft, taking as much of him into my mouth as I could and then bobbing up and down on him, almost as if he was fucking my mouth. It felt nice too, especially as my fingers were still playing with him, wanking him from the base to where they met my descending lips. Soon he was moaning his pleasure, his fingers stroking my thigh ever quicker, and his pelvis gently thrusting up to push himself into my mouth. Finally I sensed that he was getting close and I pulled back, taking him from my mouth and staring at his cock as my hand wrapped around him and wanked him as hard and fast as I could.

I'd timed it just about right, for within a minute or so of me pulling away he groaned loudly, grabbed tight hold of my leg and jerked upwards as the first spurt of cum gushed from his tip. His first spurt didn't shoot a far as I'd feared, spraying only a few inches into the air before falling back, hot and slippery, over his stomach, but still the sight of it gave me a massive rush from knowing that I'd caused it. I looked, thinking that it hadn't been a very powerful spurt that he'd released and that I could probably have taken him coming in my mouth after all, but I hadn't known that. I'd been scared that he might shoot so hard I'd be choked by it. His second spurt barely cleared the end of his cock and then the third spurt simply welled up from the tip of his cock and rolled down onto my knuckles as I wanked him. I felt disappointed with myself that I hadn't had the nerve to let him come in my mouth, but I was a novice trying something for the first time. I consoled myself that I hadn't known and that maybe I would take him all the way the next time, assuming he could come twice in one session.

Afterwards he was flat on his back, his mouth hanging half open and his chest heaving as he recovered, a look of excited contentment on his face. I smiled down at him and then lay beside him. I deliberately lay on my back with my head turned to face him and with my erection standing straight upwards in subtle invitation, and waited. After a few minutes silence he looked at me, licked his dry lips as if savouring the possibility and then grinned.

'I guess it's my turn, isn't it?' He asked, sitting up and already knowing the answer.

'I hope so.' I told him, smiling so that it didn't sound like a reproach.

His hand was noticeably bigger than my wife's as it closed around my shaft and rougher too. Now, I know that sounds obvious, but it was something I hadn't thought about and it really brought home to me what was happening, that this was a man and not a woman. But that didn't stop me letting out a sigh of contentment. This was the second part of my yearning made real and so I just relaxed and enjoyed letting him touch me.

At first his hand ran along my shaft in a long steady stroke, not gripping hard, but not holding it too delicately either. It felt just right and I smiled inwardly at having picked Aaron for my exploration of my bisexuality. He kept this up for a number of minutes, gazing contentedly down at me as I gazed just as contentedly back, enjoying his touch and feeling my balls fill and tighten in response. Then I noticed that he was slowly increasing his pace, so that soon his hand was pistoning up and down my shaft and I was grunting with pleasure.

'Warn me before you come, won't you?' He asked, sensing my highly aroused state.

'It won't be long.' I told him, feeling my climax begin to creep up on me.

He didn't say anything, he just released my cock from his grip and leaned over, taking it into his warm wet mouth and making me gasp in surprise. It looked like he was starting with his hand and finishing with his mouth. Apparently he was intent on doing things the other way around to me, or I hoped he was. 

He had taken his hand from my cock, but it wasn't idle. As his head began to bob up and down on me I felt it find its way between my legs and cup my scrotum, rolling my balls in his palm. I couldn't help it; I groaned with delight and automatically opened my legs for him. Almost immediately he started to stroke the back of my scrotum, fingertips gently skating over the irregular skin of my sac at the same time as his mouth sank further down my cock with each plunge. I spread my legs a little further and bent my knees to give him more room. 

The change from hand to mouth had postponed my climax a little, but soon I felt its approach renewed, and felt I had to warn him just in case he wanted to pull away as I had, it was only fair. 

'I'm going to come soon.' I told him.

He nodded acknowledgement without pausing in his movements and I realised then that he had every intention of letting me come in his mouth. Once again I wished I had done just that for him.

As I got closer to coming his fingers began exploring further behind my balls, running lightly over my perineum almost as far as my anus before retreating to stroke my balls once again. I wasn't sure about that, no one had ever touched me there and I had thought of it as out of bounds. That is, I'd thought of it as out of bounds right up until the moment his mouth came down my shaft just as his fingertips reached and deliberately circled my rear entrance. Then I immediately changed my mind and moaned in encouragement. It felt strange but so damn erotic, and with his mouth sliding up and down my saliva wetted shaft and his fingertip gently tracing the puckered skin around my anus I could feel my climax getting ever nearer. 

'I'm getting close.' I announced, warning him once more.

This time he didn't even nod to say he'd heard me; instead he slid his mouth up and down my shaft even more quickly. But then he also took his fingertip away, much to my consternation, and ran it around my shaft below his mouth. I didn't realised what he was doing at first, but I soon understood, because he then returned his wet finger to my anus and wriggled it just inside me using his saliva as lubricant. I was not expecting it and I gasped out loud in surprise. Truth to be told, if I hadn't been right on the verge of my climax I would have objected strongly, but somehow it seemed to fit. For a second or two I teetered on the edge of coming, held back slightly by my instinctive opposition to being fingered, but then, as his mouth plunged down on me once more I felt that wonderful sensation of hot pressure in my balls.

'I'm coming.' I gasped out, wanting him to be ready.

He was ready, and in more ways than I had imagined. Because just as I groaned at the feeling of my first spurt racing along my cock, he wriggled and pushed with his finger, sending it deep into my rectum and making me instinctively thrust upwards into his mouth. My god, but it did feel good. I hate to admit it, but it's true. Each time I shot another spurt of cum into his waiting mouth he pushed his finger harder into me and I loved it. Never, ever, had I imagined enjoying being invaded like that, but it added so much to my climax that I actually felt dizzy from the pleasure of it all.

It wasn't until after every drop of cum had emptied from my balls and I'd slumped backwards, panting and trembling, that I even thought about him. Then, as I felt his finger slide out of me and his mouth release my cock, I suddenly wondered how well he'd dealt with my climax. I looked down at him as he sat up next to me, a smile on his face as he licked his lips. Not a drop of my cum had he spilled, although I knew it must have shot into his mouth like a pressure jet. I was impressed, and a little but suspicious.

'You sure you haven't done that before?' I asked, thinking mostly about his adventurous finger.

'Only in my mind.' He assured me. 'But there I've done it a thousand times. I've thought about doing it and how to make it work so often that I guess I'm an expert in my head.'

I nodded my understanding, completely believing the strange explanation. I too had thought about it a thousand times. It was just that I'd never had the imagination to consider the method. He pulled himself up to stretch out on his back beside me and I turned on my side, propping myself on one elbow to look at him.

'Would you want it done to you like that?' I asked, suddenly contemplating the possibility.

'If you want to.' He replied. 

I wasn't actually sure if I did or not. It had felt nice, but I wasn't sure I could do it to someone else. I did want to go a little further though, because the thought of him coming in my mouth like I had in his was getting more appealing. I figured I would suck him and then see how I felt about anything else.

I looked at his cock. He was still completely limp from his climax, but for some reason I got the impression it would respond to a very little attention and I reached across just as I had earlier. This time, if he could climax again, I promised myself I would take his cum in my mouth. I played with him for a few minutes, hearing him murmuring his pleasure without any real reaction from his cock, but then I shuffled down the bed and took him into my mouth again, tasting the residue of his earlier climax, my first taste of another man's spunk. I cupped his balls in my hand because my mouth engulfed his entire soft length, rolling them in my palm. That should do it, I thought, if someone started to play with me like that I would respond very quickly if I possibly could. I was right, because almost as soon as my lips closed over it and my tongue began to massage its wilted length I began to feel it jerk into life, lengthening and hardening in my mouth. 

Now I did what he had done, playing with his balls while bobbing up and down to take as much of his cock as I could. He moaned softly, one hand reaching to rest on my head, pressing me gently onto his cock as a hint that he was enjoying my attention and didn't want me to stop. There was little danger of that, I had made my mind up, I was going to take his load in my mouth this time and swallow it all. Even my own flaccid cock twitched faintly in response to that thought, confirming my decision as genuine desire. I squeezed his balls gently to tell him I understood his need.

I soon got into a steady rhythm, sucking him, taking his cock as far into my mouth as I could and at the same time fondling his balls. To my surprise I found myself liking it, looking forward to him coming and tasting his cum properly. He was obviously enjoying it too because he was making continuous little pleasure noises and his hips were twitching, tiny involuntary movements as I moved on his cock.

I'm not sure if the next thing he did was unconscious or deliberate, but he opened his legs wide, bending his knees to give me access to wherever I wanted. For a short while I ignored it, continuing to simply play with his balls, but then I found a couple of my fingertips had somehow slipped under his balls, perhaps due to the little jolts and jerks that his arousal was causing, or perhaps because I'd gone there subconsciously on purpose. Whatever the reason, he clearly believed I'd gone there deliberately, for he gasped and raised his bottom towards my fingers. I was turned on and starting to feel more adventurous and at ease with what I was doing, and so, with my heart thumping in anticipation, I took my fingers away, deliberately collected saliva from the side of his cock, and slid them over his perineum, hunting for his anus.
