 This Sunday, showing up just at 2pm, a steady stream of other visitors arriving, caused a five minute wait at the counter before getting my beer. Having smoked a bowl just before entering the sauna, the beer's cool wetness was welcome. 

 I went upstairs first, finding it empty except for one heavy set man in the porn area on the lowest level, next to the wall separating the sitting area from the entranceway. Sitting offset a bit on the next level above him, I got hard watching the rimming on the screen. He never took off his towel, but his glancing became more overt.

 Soon, he moved over, then began to play with my feet, a fantastically erotic sensation. He then asked "Cabin? Want to go to a cabin?," making me shake my head, content to be pleasured in public.

 He asked again, adding that the fan in the corner was making him cold. The baths can get very hot in the summer, in a place with few windows and no air conditioning. The fans are an attempt to keep the heat bearable, and go along with the 40% entrance discount. I'd picked this Sunday in part because of the last couple of days having cooler, rainy weather, knowing that the space would not be too uncomfortable.

 However, the idea of getting too cold hadn't occurred to me, so I easily agreed to leave with him. He didn't go into either porn booth, but instead went to the same cabin where I'd gotten off with a cross-dresser, one of my more memorable bathhouse experiences. Being the only time I've dressed in panties and a bra while having sex with another married man, both of talking about how slutty it was.

 Stretching my towel out, he joined me after taking a moment to unwrap his towel. The condoms were at hand, so after just a moment of caressing him, I opened one, and began to suck his cock, feeling it grow. Finished unrolling it, his still growing shaft filled my mouth. Soon, the blowjob became notably sloppy, suction and saliva creating the obvious sounds of a man getting sucked, his moans merely confirming the fact.

 At some point, his hand went to the base of his cock, meeting my mouth whenever I took him deeper. Soon, his hand began to move in rhythm to my mouth, rising further towards his cockhead. Shifting position and focus, jacking off after starting to lick his nipple, it became apparent that the combination was impossible for him to resist. The bathhouse had been open less than a half hour, with at least one visitor having already enjoyed an orgasm.

 A visitor who had just pulled off his condom, got up with his towel, then just left. Which is how it often works at a gloryhole or bathhouse. There are no obligations in such settings, though his skilled hands playing with my feet or nipples would have been appreciated. I saw him later, several times, as there was no reason to him to leave, after all. Most men are certainly capable of getting hard after cumming, after a reasonable, and individual, interval passes.

 The new darkroom space remained empty the entire time I spent in it, so after putting the bag containing the camera into my locker, I went downstairs. The whirlpool was not inviting at a quick glance, with one involved couple and no free spaces, so I went into the steambath after removing my glasses. 

 Inside the heated dampness, I quickly realized the better lit front section was quite full, including at least one involved seated couple, a kissing pair most likely cock to cock from the way they were sexily grinding against each other, and a man on his knees giving head to another man, with the sounds of his active sucking filling the space. 

 Getting to the internal shower took a bit of effort to avoid the numerous bodies, many of them with jutting cocks. Taking a deep hit from the poppers bottle, I left the shower and walked through the darkened rear section, noting this space was also full of potential partners before entering the lightless back corner and breathing out. 

 Returning, it took just a couple of seconds before a hand found my cock. Stopping to enjoy the tantalizing sensations of a stranger's touch on my horny skin, I turned a bit, easily finding his own quite stiff rod. Other men were having sex around us, making it easy to indulge in our own steamy male lust.

 We quickly settled into stroking each other, playing with the other's nipple while sinking into the familiar heat of a male only steamroom. I avoided going cock to cock several times, still determined to play safe in the dimness. Another man came up, having walked through the space now filled with groups of men indulging each other's weaknesses. It was easy to have him stop next to us, and begin playing with his cock. My right hand shifted, beginning to explore another stranger's sexy length, feeling it weight along my palm as my fingers slid underneath his balls..

 Starting to settle into a threesome, each of us being touched by the other two, a fourth man closed the box, so to speak. My hand found its third sexy cock in the damp heat, feeling a new touch on my cock as someone rubbed my sweaty nipple. The slickness of a steamroom is a major part of its sexual attraction, the slipperiness being an addictive enhancement to anonymous contact with other naked men, often enough leading to gay group sex. 

 By this point, my original partner and I possessed wonderfully rigid rods. The man across from me was also hard, my hand sliding along his length, fingers fondling his balls as the edge of my palm slid over his cock head's flared ridge. Nonetheless, we remained not quite a foursome. A fact leading me to withdraw a bit to do a hit from the poppers bottle, turning 90° away, face along the smooth curved wall.

 Screwing the top on after taking a long hit, my right hand returned to my quivering cock, almost surrendering to the first exquisite sensations. When a finger touched my left nipple, keeping from sighing grew impossible. Sighing that turned to heavy moaning when a stranger's hand began fondling my balls. Till this point, I'd been keeping well within my restrictive limits, but the rush was making those strict limits irrelevant.

 When the man to the left, who I was jacking off, began kissing and licking my neck and ear, it became impossible to do anything but let the sensations flow, the last reluctance melting after finally breathing out. No longer avoiding what had been offered before in the steamy dimness, my face turned to kiss him as my cock crossed his sexy hardness.

 I'm a true slut for cock against cock sex. One of the more surprising discoveries since starting to have sex with men is just how intensely sexy a man's hard cock is. Not that I wasn't aware of the potential, jacking off several times a week with a high school friend, watching each other get off after getting hard looking at Playboy, Penthouse, or a variety of other magazines.

 Experiencing the reality remains overwhelming, as my cock touched his. Our lengths were at a 90° angle, allowing me to slide my cock head along his length, moaning with his tongue filling my mouth, amazed at how addictively good his cock felt. His hand replaced mine, as I began to play with his nipple, letting him set the rhythm of our intimate game.

 Having finally given in, rewarded by the pleasure of another man's turned on rod keeping me on the edge of orgasm with its motions and erotic contrasts of hard and soft. The temptation to cum slowly resided, the rush's intensity fading into the background, successfully riding the first wave past a too hasty orgasm. Most bathhouse visitors are skilled in this, allowing for extended periods of sexual thrills being part of a group of men looking for sex. Knowing it will be easy to find, becoming utterly enthralled by how good it feels to get off with multiple partners.

 Though the primary sexual effect of the poppers was receding, a secondary one was leading me on. Reaching out for the other 2 cocks, trying to get them involved, completely abandoning any pretense of limiting minor potential risks in a desire to share cock in the dimness. This sluttiness is subtly enhanced by poppers, making it simpler to give in completely to one's lusts.

 However, desire is not always satisfied, as a threesome or foursome never developed, though the continued mutual jacking off and nipple caressing was delightful. At some point, we moved apart, making me decide to leave the heat for a moment, to cool off.

 I went in and out of the steambath several times, using the rain style showerhead to let the water flow over my body. And often taking the opportunity to luxuriously soap and stroke myself to stay hot under the cooling water. Repeatedly returning to the sexually charged space, looking at the action or participating as mood and opportunity struck.

 With a final session of passionate open mouthed kissing, though not quite cock to cock, as a certain reluctance slowly returned. A reluctance that was real, if not particularly consistent. Group sex requires a group, after all, and sex with strangers is about indulging in sex. And the reality of how good it feels overwhelms any concerns - to the extent that I cannot stop visiting the baths, finally experiencing what I first heard about in the late 70s - including various enhancers. 

 Back upstairs, the action in the porn area was obvious. Two men were getting sucked off the lowest level, on the entrance side, one cock sucker kneeling on the floor, the other bent down. After observing the action for a bit, hand already straying to my growing cock, I managed to position myself a level higher, getting hard. The man being sucked further left started lolling his head my direction, clearly aroused by the sight of bare cock, his expression one of pure lust. Like mine, watching a bare headed stranger with glasses get a hot blowjob in public.

 Being hard like this in public is a real turn on, one clearly shared by the other men with sexy available cocks.

 The pair just to the left of me was essentially obscured, though the sounds and motions made it clear how good it must have felt to have a man move his mouth up and down a horny shaft. Likely better than the touch of my hand under my cock ridge, good as that felt. My head tilted, moans escaping while looking down at such a turned on suck slut, his face turned towards mine. I began to jack off in rhythm to the mouth moving up and down his glistening rod, fully displaying my own hard length.

 At some point, the blow job nearest to me ended, the sitting man rising and exiting the porn room. Making me glance at the screen, noting again that nothing much interesting was happening on it. The heavyset man that had been going down on a stranger shifted position, his mouth approaching my cock. 

 My hand stopped him. Saying 'condom first,' I found one, then put it on, his breath tantalizing my cock until I slid the latex over my shaft. I gasped when his mouth enveloped my cock head, looking at the other man getting sucked. Who was hungrily staring at me as a stranger went down on my erect length. The reality of easy male sex is the essential reason why bathhouses have such a long tradition as a playground where everyone shares the same interests in getting off with other men. 

 Our mutual concentration was irresistible, both of us utterly aroused, getting even more turned on sharing that state with another horny man. Some of my first and most intense orgasms had been experienced in much the same way, looking at my friend as we both came. 

 Here, such early experiences are part of what makes me such an ardent male only sauna visitor. Another part is just how simple it is to find a skilled cock sucker. I had been cautious enough to fully indulge the sensation of my cock head sinking into a man's willing mouth, my hand keeping the tension perfect at the base of my bush. 

 A slick hand that soon became wonderfully slathered in saliva, fingers straying downwards to slippery wet balls, knowing the condom was basically only protecting the end of my cock. And loving the sensations on all that exposed skin, starting to jack off into his mouth. Looking over at the other slut getting sucked, seeing him watching my cock fuck another man's mouth, his sexy expression undoubtedly a mirror of my own horniness.

 My cock sucker began to set the rhythm and pace, providing me the opportunity to find the poppers bottle. Opening it became complicated, my hands being too slippery. This meant needing to wipe my hands off first, a challenge in my present state of mindless mouth humping. 

 Before opening the bottle, I showed it to the man beneath me, who shook his head slightly in refusal. Breathing in, the man between my legs slowed his motion, his fingers now beginning to lightly stray along my inner thigh. As the rush began to fill my body, I spread my legs wider, allowing him the chance to move his fingers closer to my ass. Poppers make it easy to let a stranger know about how much I love having my ass touched - not that most bathhouse visitors aren't aware of such a basic male pleasure.

 Breathing out, my cock felt gigantic in his mouth. "Oh yeah .. slower .. fuck yeah .. cock sucker .. god yes .. I love sex .. with men .. man sex." Not that there was any real doubt about that, my cock being swallowed in a room playing gay porn, my eyes fixed on the sight of another man getting head, a finger beginning to tantalizingly explore around my ass. 

 Floating in paradise as a finger began to flick at my nipple, barely able to do another hit as orgasm approached. Closing the bottle, my hands went around his head, slowing his movement, keeping from cumming until the wave of lust flooded me. Breathing out, saying "oh fuck .. take it .. slut sex .. so good," my hands releasing him, a finger beginning to enter my moist hole as I leaned back, letting the other man see how thoroughly I was being pleasured.

 Realizing that the other sucked man was truly on the edge of cumming just from his turned-on expression, the pleasure grew beyond any possibility of stopping it. Both of us now pumping our cocks into a stranger's mouth, watching another man cum in public. 

 Slowly, orgasm receded. Unable to do anything for an interval, utterly drained, the other men left before me. Finally, I gathered my things, walking downstairs unsteadily, noting that I'd been at the baths for more than 2 hours today. Realizing that such extended periods of satisfaction just lead to an increased desire to experience them again.