 Riding home in the gorgeous afternoon fall sunlight, the smell of sex remained in my nose. This was the first time a man's intimate scent provided such a lovely reminder of going down on a willing partner. And the first time my ass felt so good, providing a new sensation of satisfied pleasure sitting on the bike. The last hour had been heavenly, finding a partner in the darkroom whose tastes and abilities meshed perfectly with mine. Along with the other men who had added to the experience. 

The new darkroom has a row of gloryholes, but few visitors seem aware of them yet, in part because of how truly dark the new space is. Certainly that was the case during the last couple of fairly undistinguished visits to the bathhouse, even if getting deep throated until filling a stranger's swallowing mouth with glorious cum in the dark last time was as addictive as ever. Gloryholes provided the first opportunity to come into intimate contact with cock, after decades of getting off alone in porn cabins. A step that has led to becoming a bathhouse regular, fully seduced by the naked pleasure of getting off with other men. 

However, sticking a hard cock through a wall, surrendering completely to getting sucked, cumming totally anonymously into a willing stranger, pressing against an unyielding wall, has a certain allure that is not easily explained to the uninitiated. Even though the simple delight of sinking into a slut's wet mouth is often easily experienced by visiting at any of a number of places where men have sex with each other. The straightforward simplicity of such arrangements is why such possibilities for men to indulge in mutually gratify sexual encounters, often without exchanging a word, have existed for thousands of years.

Though these days, surrendering to the attractions of that long running tradition, my earlier caution has pretty much been abandoned regarding getting sucked, even if it remains for going down on someone else. It has become essentially impossible to resist letting my bare cock get sucked, and at the bath's gloryholes, there hasn't been even a pretense of using a condom. Sticking my cock through, wanting nothing but to have a stranger give me head, teasing me to press against the wall, dick in paradise, poppers ready.

The same entrancing lack of condom use has become the case throughout all the public areas of my favorite sauna, where at least a dozen men have sucked my offered naked cock in the last three visits. Plus at least 5 more during this visit - or possibly more than 8 or 9, as keeping track over an extended period in such a state becomes difficult. A state so desirable in part because keeping track is irrelevant after surrendering to the sheer delight of group sex in the darkness.

Like in the steamroom today, where at least three different men sucked my cock as I did poppers. The first hit came after riding the wave of pleasure from the initial cock sucker going down on me, tempted by my cock stroking in the line dividing the total blackness from the glass door's dim illumination. Along with my reaching for stiff his cock as he drew near, prompting him to bend down and take me into pure bliss, lips and tongue working together, concentrating on my flared cock ridge. 

Getting sucked when doing rush has been one of my longest running sexual desires, beginning with my first three girlfriends and continuing with my wife over the last 2 decades. A not exactly hidden truth of the baths is that they are a place where users of poppers go to have sex with each other, both privately and publicly. Users all experienced in its effects, allowing the magic from the bottle to spread throughout an orgy. Not everyone indulges, of course, but that is the case myself, especially at the start of a visit, where cumming too quickly would lead to a too short visit. 

With the popper's effects just starting to reach their peak before breathing out, a shadow appeared in the corridor, soon resolving itself into a man, who reached out to touch my nipple. His other hand touched mine at the base of the stranger's rod. This is the sort of thing that happens at a male only sauna - one gets hard, one gets sucked by another, then a third man turns the action into a threesome. All in a few uncomplicated minutes.

Being bathed in pleasure through a stranger's soft mouth, the new man started licking my nipple, his now free hand rubbing over my ass cheeks. I was touching both hard cocks, though the new man was not being stroked in the same rhythm as the lips going up and down my horny shaft. When the licking man let his tongue rise to my armpit, I could not stop from moaning, raising my arm and shifting position to give him complete access to another spot that turns me into a willing bathhouse slut.

Soon, his mouth left my unshaved pit, feeling his finger continue to circle my wettened erect nipple as he started to kiss my neck and ear. I turned my head to reach his ear, leading to us soon tongue kissing deeply, as my cock sucker stroked the other man's stiff length. Soon, I had to withdraw, orgasm being far too enticingly close for so early in a visit. The man that had been blowing me rose as the other man bent down, mouths switching places, to my delight. 

I have grown to love such dirty kissing, a total abandonment of any restraint concerning where a stranger's mouth has been, knowing that likely it has been involved with other men just as horny as me. Especially in a case like this, where this sexy mouth had been sucking at least one cock. As our kissing grew more intimate, it became likely he'd been sucking more than me, judging from a texture that is pretty much unique to a cum filled mouth.

Another man joined in, my hand reaching out to find his cock. Which he was playing with, with his eyes turned downwards, clearly getting off watching me getting swallowed in the steamy dimness. Looking around, there were several other pairings - or even a grouping, in at least one case. As we became a foursome split between those sucking and those getting sucked, I gave in and did another hit of rush, breathing out and saying "slow .. fuck yes .. slow .. yeah cock sucker" as hands and mouths worked their magic on horny bodies.

The time stretched on. When orgasm again threatened, it caused me to reluctantly withdraw. Only to feel a new man's mouth envelop my wet dick, slowly growing aware that the foursome had become a fivesome. Male group sex has become something I crave when the opportunity arises, which is almost every bathhouse visit these days. Especially after having given up on using condoms when a man wants to go down on me. Resulting in the current bliss of my bare cock being sucked by three different sluts, none of them concerned about where my cock had been as long as they could put it in their own hot mouth. 

Finally deciding to take another hit of poppers, my cock took full charge after breathing out, starting to face fuck a man while looking and hearing all the gay sex going on around me. Moaning, saying things like "I love cock sex .. cocksucker sex .. mouth fucking .. cock slut .. man sex," holding a stranger's head and pumping his mouth. Fully participating in another male orgy, right hand finding a stiff cock as a man's tongue found my lips, a finger probing my pulsing hole.

The only problem with the steam room is how hot it gets, in a non-metaphorical sense. Waiting as long as possible, seeing the second cock sucker return to my uncovered cock, enjoying comparing the differences in styles while doing a final hit of poppers. Leading me on to fuck another stranger's face, saying the dirty things filling my mind, lost again in the heavenly rush of getting blown by a man. 

Turning to the side, breaking contact as I began to move away, but another mouth easily captured my cock before taking a full step. Likely it belonged to one of the men that had already gone down on me, but by now, this was a minor point - keeping track of details was impossible. Though unable to resist the sensations, it was possible not to add to them by keeping the brown bottle closed, remaining determined to leave as soon as possible. A decision made a bit more complicated by the man licking my nipple, standing in the way, whose cock I was jacking off.

The steam room had become quite full, likely because few men were leaving, essentially all of them being in or soon reaching the same irresistible state, being perfectly pleasured by men wanting sex with other men, in a place where such happens regularly. Visiting a bathhouse once is pretty much a guarantee of visiting in the future, quite possibly for as long as one lives, even when it may not be the most healthy thing. In this case, due to the length of time spent in the heat.

Leaving the steambath, my cock was jutting, covered in glistening saliva, a sight noted by several men as I went to the shower, to cool down and soap off. After years of spent visiting male only saunas, it is no longer a concern about showing how aroused I've become. And it is truly unconcern, as exhibitionism as such does not seem to be a turn-on - well, exhibitionism in the sense of showing off my cock. Having sex in public with one or more men is a real turn-on when other men watch such uninhibited action. 

Finished showering, I noticed the time, and went back upstairs. The cabins and porn room were uninteresting, leading me to enter the darkroom space. Though there was no response to sticking a cock through several of the gloryholes, it was obvious that at least a couple of men were on the platform.

Entering the horizontal space through the rear entrance, it took little time for questing hands to make contact, each of us soon finding the other's cock. Directness is always appreciated in such settings, something that none of the women who I talked to about what goes on at a bathhouse ever seem to understand. 

We soon began jacking each other off, my other hand roaming over a stranger's body, making a map of our relative positions while enhancing our horniness. The lack of light focuses tactile sensations, and adds a level of mystery as there is no way to easily see what a stranger is doing. Which in the case was playing with my cock and nipple, as my hands stroked his cock and fondled his balls, both of us clearly falling under the same spell, cast by equally skilled lovers of anonymous male sex.

Variety, as one would expect, exists in the styles and skills of chance met men, but more than occasionally, one finds a truly matching partner, who understands how to have hot sex with other men. As clearly was becoming the case here. He shifted position to begin to go down on me, making me moan in pure satisfaction, getting sucked by at least the fourth man today. 

He played with a nipple, wonderfully erotic, lips enclosing my shaft. Pumping his cock with my left hand, feeling the reaction along the length of my wet cock, as we continued to get hornier, neither interested in quick cumming. Much like the only way to have group sex is to be in a group, the only way to enjoy sex over a longer period is to not cum quickly.

An attitude we both apparently shared, as we continued doing things to and with each other, fully aware of how good those things were. Balls, ass, lips, fingers - we remained centered around cock, while roaming in other areas. After an extended period of bliss, I fumbled around for a condom, as we had ended up wonderfully positioned for 69. Putting it on in usual fashion, feeling his reaction along my turned on cock, horny beyond belief as I began to go down on him. We soon settled into a perfect haze of cock sucking, using lips and teeth and tongue to delight each other.

At some point, I felt a wet finger against my horny hole, circling enticingly. I'm sure the reaction was obvious to his cock, moving in my moaning mouth. We had lightly explored each other's ass, but this was delightful, matching the wetness coating my sucked cock. After an extended period of anal seduction, involving a repeatedly wettened finger turning me into an ass slut, I had gotten up on my knees- As he lay flat, I went down on him, while feeling his finger continue its incredible journey, one I could not resist.

During this time, we had both rejected a couple of men, remaining focused exclusively on each other. Nonetheless, continuing to sink deeper into the joy of my mouth around a hard cock with my ass settling onto a stranger's perfectly lubricated finger, I felt a man's mouth start to cover my cock. Only muffled moans escaped from my filled mouth, undoubtedly communicating the pleasure spreading itself through my being.

The temptation from the man going down on me did not recede, exactly, but it spurred me on to just let go, to be filled. The first success was at my horny ass, as he began to gently but deeply finger fuck me. This felt like fucking, in a way that playing with my own ass never had, nor what several women had done when making me cum. His finger was playing an extended rhythm, including being repeatedly wettened, inspiring me to go as deep as possible on his cock.

The man at my cock left, for whatever reason, before tempting me too far. This was fine, now starting to play with my spit covered shaft, still being fingered and sloppily sucking in the darkness. By now, the desire to do a hit of rush created a ripple in the ongoing waves of pleasure as I found and opened the bottle. 

Taking a deep hit, I returned to his sexy cock, licking around its flared head, moaning even before breathing out as his finger moved freely in my horny ass. Pressing down on my knees, it was easy to bend deeper, and for one of the first times in my life, I was taking a man really far into my mouth without gagging. We kept on pleasuring each other for an extended interval, until either the same or another man began to take me into his mouth, just a moment after the man fingering my ass had begun playing with my nipple.

When his finger withdrew to be covered in spit again, I opened the bottle, knowing that riding this wave would be fantastic, having fully surrendered to my urges. His lightly circling finger proved just how right I'd been, feeling him anally pleasure me in a way that men seem to share, as if anal sex turns on men more than women. I love having sex with men, in part because of the intersection of power and submission. The man fingering my ass was in charge, however as any man knows, it is the cocksucker that is really in control. But then, the man taking my own rigid length deeper was also in charge, as I just gave in, submerging myself again in pure gay sex at the baths. 

I still only suck covered cock, but now, in the darkroom, after only a couple of hits of rush, I was finally deep throating a man. Even more delightfully, experiencing true finger fucking, my ass no longer tight as his spit covered index finger slid deep into my hole. Reaching this point had been seductively easy, with an unknown partner sharing many of the abilities and interests that fascinate me. Including a simple dedication to mutual satisfaction that can be surprisingly difficult to find, at least in the chaotic setting of a darkroom, where distractions are often plentiful. 

In addition, the beer and bowl had added their own level of sensual enhancement, one made irresistible by the use of poppers. My first experience of poppers was heterosexual, and in my experience, women love the effects as much as men, but in a bathhouse, poppers add to the experience in a way that remains impossible to describe to anyone who hasn't experienced it while having gay sex. And for those who know, any reminder of how good it is, like an available open bottle, tends to lead to falling back into old patterns.

Which is why the next time taking a hit, bent over a sexy man with his cock and finger fully inside me, the man sucking my cock reached over and took the bottle. I could hear him breathe in and out, and felt him pass the bottle back to me, where I carefully closed the top as the effects began growing at my cock. Plus the sensations at my ass and mouth, finally experiencing one of my hottest fantasies, which is to be in the middle of a threesome, having my ass filled while getting sucked or fucked.

Breathing out, getting sucked and sucking, feeling how the rush was making the other man a complete slut, a hand fondling my balls as we shared the animal intimacy of poppers. Soon, I was moving my ass up and down against a stiff finger, treating it like a small fucking cock. My nose ended up buried in his balls, experiencing the smells and wetness between his legs. I slid my arm under his thigh, touching and probing his now slippery ass.

We returned to being a pair, having reached a perfect plateau of mutual stimulation, though the sounds and motions of sex surrounded us. Things continued to blur in the delightful haze which anonymous male group sex and poppers creates, distantly aware that at least one other man sucked my cock, my ass being fingered the entire time.

I'd finally reached the point of no return, retaining just enough awareness to realize I could still do a last hit before losing all control. Breathing in deeply, surrendering fully to what both men were doing to me while going down on the man pleasuring my ass so perfectly. Soon, my sucked cock, fingered ass, and cock filled mouth seemed to grow into a single overwhelming orgasm, my lips at the base of his now pulsing cock, my finger sliding deeper into his wet ass, smelling his intoxicatingly erotic scent, my naked cock jetting cum into a stranger's mouth as the other man pressed his finger as deep as possible.

Lost again in the most addictive sexual games that horny men can devise to share, knowing this was just another step into becoming a man able to fully participate in the sort of sex that happened so often around me here.