 I got a message.

"Hello, Boy. How are you?"

"Good, and how are you?" I replied.

"Just looking around for a boy to use."

"I'm pretty new to the scene, but I know some things that I like."

He had me list out all of my interest. 

Being Tied Up. Restraints. Sling. Fisting. Poppers. A Collar around my neck. Being dominated. That's all he needed to know.

"I want to meet up with you. See what good you are."

He was about a 45 minute drive. He said if I did well, he would give me money for gas.

I started my drive fantasizing about all of the things that were going to happen. A slight sense of anxiousness started to creep into my mind as I worried if his style would fit mine. I was getting close. I knew there was no turning back. 

I walked up to the door and knocked. He answered the door and called me by name-"Hey Lance, how was the drive."

"Good, a bit longer than I thought though."

"Well, hopefully we can make up for it. Would you like a beer?"

Just one to calm my nerves I guess. "Sure, I'll take whatever you have."

I sipped on my beer, trying to guzzle as much down as possible as he showed me around and asked me a few questions. He led me down the hallway and said he had a surprise waiting. As I came around the corner, I saw a sling standing in the cornr of the room. "This is what you wanted, wasn't it." I took the last sip of my beer.

"Okay, let's get to business." The tone in his voice changed. 

He walked up close and placed his hand on my chest. He slid it up to my neck and held it there. "You ready for this boy?" "Yes, Sir." "Are you sure?" "Yes, Sir." "Just give into it, and everythig will be just fine." He pushed me to my knees. 

"Take your shirt off." I did. "What a nice body you have on you. Gonna serve Daddy real nice today. Take my cock out." I reached for his zipper and undid it. I slid his pants down, his cock sitting just on the other side of his underwear. I grabbed his underwear and pulled it down. His cock sprang up right in my face. "You know you want it." He grabbed my face and pulled it into his crotch, rubbing himself all over my face. He pulled my head off and in his direction. A glob of spit hit my face as he quickly grabbed my face and forced it into his crotch again. "Get up faggot and get naked." There was no room for hesitation in his voice. I stood and immediately undressed.

He squeezed my balls and pulled hard on them. I squealed and was brought to my toes. "All of this belongs to me now. You got it?" "Yes, sir." "Say it." "My cock and holes belong to you, Sir." "Good boy, now on your knees."

I lowered myself to my knees, letting the submissive side fully set in. There wasn't any point in not giving in. "Look up at me with those pretty eyes, faggot." As I rose my head to look up, he snapped a picture. My heart sank as he typed on his keyboard and I could hear the picture being sent to who knows. "Gonna make you a real pussyboi. Whether you like it or not." It only made me hard. "Get in the sling."

As I sat in the sling, he pushed me onto my back, and grabbed my hips to pull me forward. He grabbed my legs and put them in the stirups. "Our fun is about to begin." He walked over to a drawer and grabbed a tiny bottle. At the time, I had never been exposed to poppers, so I was a bit confused. "These will make you relax just the way I want you to. Don't worry. They won't hurt you. Actually, they are going to make you feel so good."

He opened the bottle and held it to my nose, plugging one nostril. Take a deep breath. We are going to start you out with six. I inhaled once. He moved to the next, Another inhale. He moved back. Another inhale. He moved again, one more deep inhale. My head started to feel light. I started to feel good all over my body. "Two more, faggot. You are doing great. I inhaled twice more and felt amazing. I started to moan and squirm in the stirrups. A big grin came over his face. "That's it." 

He moved his hand to my hole and began to rub circles around it. It sent a shock through my body and I rubbed against his fingers. "I can already tell I am going to open you right up." He walked to the bed, and grabbed a dildo. He began massaging it against my ass and hole. He put some pressure on it. It slipped right in. He began to pump my hole with the dildo. He walked to my face and stuck his cock in my mouth. 

"This is what you want don't you, faggot."

"Yes, Daddy. Thank You." The only thing I could say.

"You like being a pussyboi for Daddy's cock don't you."

"Yes, Daddy."

"Yes, what?"

"I love being your pussyboi."

"You want Daddy's cock to breed your hole?"

"Yes, Daddy. Breed Me."

He quickly pulled the dildo from my hole causing my body to jolt. He walked to the dresser and grabbed his phone. "Stay still." I did. "Put your hands above your head. Let me see those pits. You are such a good little pig." He snapped a couple more pics and sent them off. He put the tip of his cock on my hole and pushed. It started to hurt. He leaned forward with the poppers and made me take a few more hits. 

I was in heaven. I started to let him in. He pumped faster and faster. I was moaning and pressing down on his dick. "Such a good little pig. I'm gonna breed your hole." He spit in my face and slaps me. "You are gonna let me do whatever I want aren't you. You need this. You need my cum in your pussy." He kept pumping. 

I was begging him to keep pounding my hole like an animal. "You want my load. Tell me to cum in you." 

"Please cum in me." 

"You gonna be my little bitch boy from now on? This hole is mine."

"Yes, Sir. Please use me."

He started to moan loudly and I could feel his cock pulse inside me as I felt his warm cum deep inside me. He kept himself in me and stared me in the eyes. "Good Boy." I smiled a bit. He grabbed me by the hair and spit in my face. He pushed my head back down and pulled out. "You did good. You like that cum. Get dressed." 

I got dressed. He walked over to me and grabbed my crotch. "Next time, things are going to be a lot more fun for you...and me." He walked me to the door. "Have a good time feeling me leaking out of you. And remember, you need this. You always have. And you always will. Be a good boy." He shut the door behind me.