 Bob slowly sucked on my cock, paying sweet attention to the underside of my shaft. He used his tongue to wrap up my cock and massage the head. His breath was hot and I could feel the tiny bit of stubble on his chin graze my balls. In a sudden finale to his preamble, he took my cock all the way into his mouth as far as it would go and while trying to swallow it down his throat, he licked my balls at the same time. I was in awe! And with one final Hoover like suck, he withdrew my cock and stood.

"Come lay down on the bed." he said.

I wanted to make sure that he was fully aware that I wanted to play safely, so I said, " I brought some condoms in case you don't have any." 

And he just grinned. He said, " I have more planned before we get to that, but, let me see them." 

So I grabbed my backpack and found the condoms and handed them to him. While I found them more than suitable for my average cock, I never really considered that they might not be suitable for him.

So, I eagerly moved toward the bed and laid down, wondering what was next. Bob casually moved about the room, dimming lights and gathering supplies for his plan. He grabbed a towel, what looked a couple different bottles of lube, and then some other things that I didn't recognize. He crawled up onto the bed and motioned for me to move more to the center of the bed and sit up. He first asked if I liked to smoke weed, and I responded with a rousing "YES!" He pulled out a nice sized joint for two and lit it up then offering it to me. 

"This is some great bud that will certainly help take the edge off your nerves."

I was already starting to calm down, realizing that this man was making a priority of getting me comfortable. He didn't just want to fuck me and that would be it. He truly seemed to enjoy sharing this moment with me.... teaching me. After a couple of drags off the joint, I was really getting loose. We were sitting Indian style facing each other on the bed. We chatted a bit about my fantasies, and my expectations and boundaries. He made it very clear that if I didn't like anything to tell him and he would stop. I told him that so far, everything was great and that I appreciated his patience and understanding. 

He gently put out the joint in an ashtray and asked me if I'd like a drink or anything. I said that I was fine and he took that as his cue to resume instruction. He started to rub my arms and shoulders. Then he moved his hands down to my legs and knees, just massaging me to get me used to his touch. He moved his hands to my crotch and gently started to tug on my cock, which was hard with anticipation. He held my cock in his hands and just gently squeezed it. Then he took one hand and cupped my balls, just feeling them. He seemed to really love this moment. He then gently pushed me back to lay down, my head on a pillow. At this point, I was pretty much ready for whatever this man wanted to do. I was so relaxed and comfortable... still a bit nervous but not distracted by it. He continued to rub my cock and balls as he shifted his body into position for his next moves. I just closed my eyes and let my senses do the work. I felt his breath moving around my belly and inner thighs, teasing me. I couldn't wait to feel his mouth on my cock again. Then I felt him shift toward my feet. I felt his tongue move over my toes and then in between them.... Slowly, he treated each toe to it's own mini blowjob. 

Then moving up my legs, licking behind my knees, and up my inner thighs, he finally reached my crotch again. He grabbed me calves and raised my legs up toward my body, completely exposing my cock, balls, and ass. He started to lick my balls, just under my balls, all around my balls. It was amazing. I just couldn't wait for him to put my cock in his mouth. Just as I thought he was going to move toward my cock, he went the other direction. 

His tongue moved slowly toward my asshole. Gently wiggling it across the hole, he teased me in a way that I'd never experienced. He started to lick my hole up and down, just like I'd do to a clitoris... flicking it with a stiff tongue. He then started to push the tip into my pucker every third or fourth swipe across my hole. By now, I was going crazy. I couldn't believe that this was happening to me. I was in heaven. I could feel how wet his mouth was getting my ass. His tongue was now darting in and out of my ass furiously, fucking my ass with his tongue, reaching as far as he could inside me.

I then felt something else enter my ass. I soon realized that it was one of his fingers. Slowly he worked it in, massaging my opening and the inner walls beyond it. He then retreated his tongue to my taint and balls and let his fingers really start to work on my ass. I was amazed at his skills. He was rubbing what I now know is my prostate. I was suddenly caught off guard when I was getting wet on my chest and face. I opened my eyes and saw that my cock was spewing cum all over me as Bob was furiously finger fucking me. After this very different orgasm subsided, I looked to his face and he was glowing with accomplishment. He too knew that this all happened without him even touching my cock. He allowed me to regain my composure and asked how I enjoyed it. I could only muster a "Wow".