 Martin and I arrived at the boutique hotel late on Friday. The owners were kind enough to stay past the normal closing time of the front desk to accommodate our check-in. They brought us to "E" room giving a quick tour of the grounds and the room. We were there for Martin to have meetings with a few businesses he worked with. I had tagged along to enjoy a vacation.

We are in our mid-forties and had a serious/non-serious relationship off and on for the last year and a half. We are at the point of enjoying our time together without restricting what we do in the time we are apart. I didn't expect anything to happen at the hotel because there are five rooms total, "A" through "E". I really needed to relax for the week. 

The next morning we woke up to Martin's alarm. Still recovering from traveling Martin started falling asleep again. I moved over to take his cock in my mouth. It's a ritual that we found works well for Martin to start off the day receiving morning head. Seems obvious that most men would like this but it went further for him. Martin's description turned it into a good luck charm of sorts. I had long discovered I am obsessed with having a cock coming in my mouth so I wasn't going to complain. 

He showered, dressed in a fairly casual outfit and left for the first of his all day meetings. I fell asleep for a while. I woke up late in the morning, took a quick shower and headed straight to the pool. I took a quick dip and then planted myself in a shady spot on a chaise. I slept for an hour before waking to some noises. I saw a man at the front desk checking in. He was handsome, maybe a couple years older than me and an inch or two taller. His neatly trimmed dark hair, goatee and glasses were complimented by a striped casual button down shirt and white shorts. His muscular calves showed a nice dusting of dark hair matching what I could see above his unbuttoned collar. I noticed there was no ring. This could be interesting. Using my peripheral vision while pretending to read I watched as one of the owners lead him to "A" room. Shortly after I started walking back to my room. Just after unlocking the door he came through his. I smiled and we both said hi when he passed. 

Martin and I went out for dinner that night. We saw the man from "A" room as we returned. We saw him a few times in passing on Sunday. 

Monday, I started waking Martin in my favorite way again. I moved under the sheets to lick his cock. I cupped his balls and licked the front up to the head before taking it in. He started moving to fuck my mouth so I let him. He gave me my reward quickly before leaving me for his shower and another meeting. I followed my previous routine with a quick shower in the late morning then heading to the pool. Stepping out of my room I was face to face with "A" room. He smiled. 

"Good morning." He said.

"Good morning. Headed to the pool?" I asked. He was wearing swim shorts and a tank top making it a less than intelligent question. It was something to keep the conversation going, hopefully.

"I am. I need some time to relax today. I'm Alex by the way."

"Nice to meet you Alex. I'm Brian." I replied. "Let's head to the pool."

We made some small talk at the pool before jumping in. It was too small for laps so we both got out after cooling off a bit. We sat next to each other. I sat back on the chaise while he sat sideways facing me. We continued our conversation including a little flirting. 

"Are you and the man I saw you with a few times together?" He asked.

"Umm, sort of together I guess. Depends on when you ask us." I responded.

"Oh... Ok."

"Sorry, that probably needs some explaining. We were serious for a while but it was a disaster. Now we're together but take breaks occasionally. There's no expectations, it's an open relationship." I explained.

"Huh, sounds interesting."

"It works for us now. We share time together without letting things that happen other times affect it." 

"Cool, glad it works for you." He placed his hand on my thigh as he said it. My leg was cool from the pool water evaporating from it. His hand was warm and felt comforting on my skin. I put my hand over his and rubbed his skin with my thumb before pulling his hand higher on my leg. He smiled and leaned in for a light kiss. It started light but soon turned passionate. He kissed me deeply. I welcomed his tongue deep in my mouth meeting it with my own. I felt his hand slide higher on my leg, going under my board shorts. I moved my hand to his leg feeling his soft skin and dark hair. His hand brushed my balls as he moved higher still. I sucked on his tongue as his fingers gently rubbed my balls. I knew my shorts wouldn't allow him any better access. I was almost ready to take them off here at the pool. I moved my hand further up his leg to caress his balls. I was at a good angle for access. His hairy sac was exciting to feel. I moved further and was able to wrap my hand around his cock. It was hot and hard and I needed it. We had to get to his room. I interrupted our passion.

"Can we go back to your room?" I asked. 

"Yes, let's go." He grabbed our towels and his shirt and took my hand. Leading me to his room we stopped at his door to resume making out. I broke it again telling him we need to get inside. We were both tenting in our shorts and needed to get them off. He unlocked and opened the door. As soon as we were inside we resumed making out a third time. I created some space between us and pulled his shorts off. I was careful to hold his cock back so the elastic would pass it easily. Then I let his glorious seven inch cock fall to where it poked me just below my stomach. I pulled my shorts off and directed him to the bed. He moved back to lay down. I climbed over to straddle him. Our cocks rubbed together softly and my balls hung down on his. I was getting really hot from our skin on skin contact as I let myself rest on his naked body. I kissed his neck before lifting myself up to resume our passionate kissing. His tongue greeted mine again as our lips approached. Our kiss had to end because I wanted something else on my lips. 

I kissed and licked my way to his legs. I went to his knees and started working my way back up. He spread his legs giving me complete access. I kissed his inner thighs as I moved to his balls. I paused momentarily as he moved a couple of pillows below his lower back. Normally I won't rim a guy but he had just showered and swam in a pool. It was obvious he wanted it so I decided to make my way there. I started kissing, licking and caressing his balls. I held his cock in my hand softly sliding it on his shaft. I kissed slowly down to his exposed hole. His breathing sped up in anticipation. He pulled his legs up a bit just as my lips met his hole. I could smell faint chlorine from the pool as I put my tongue on it. I licked around it a bit listening to his moans and approvals. I teased it directly before moving my tongue around in circles. After another minute I pushed my tongue in. He clenched around my tongue as I slid it in and out a few times. His breathing was faster as I circled his hole a few times. I did this to him a few more times before moving back up to his balls. I played with them for a minute before moving higher to my original goal. 

I licked the front of his cock from balls to tip before swirling my tongue around the head to lick all his precum. I slid one finger in his saliva lubricated ass in conjunction with sliding my mouth onto his cock to the base. My effort was rewarded with his body stretching and legs flexing. His verbal approvals became much louder. I was happy being able to take his entire cock in and resting my nose on his skin through his pubes. His cock head was down my throat blocking my ability to breathe. I made sure he felt my goatee rub his sac. I waited until I needed air to pull back, then breathing through my nose. I started moving my finger in his ass to match the movements I was making with my mouth. I enjoyed the flavor even more when his precum started flowing faster. I slowed once I felt he was going to cum. I moved down to caress his balls before moving back to his cock. As soon as I started bobbing on it again I knew he was still close. I went with it knowing that another attempt to delay it wouldn't any better. I kept a steady pace taking his cock into my throat and fingering his ass. 

I felt his sac tighten, pulling his balls away from my hand. I lined his cock up over my tongue keeping my lips sealed on the head. I pushed my finger in his ass again just as his cum started coating my mouth. His cock pulsed repeatedly as he shot one of the biggest loads I have ever experienced either in person or seen in porn. I swallowed several times before he finished. His ass slowed its clenching of my finger and his body went limp. I swallowed the last cum I could squeeze out of his cock before moving up on the bed to lay next to him. I laid watching his face as he came back down from climaxing.

"That was ridiculously good, thank you." He said after we had rested quietly for a bit. 

"You're welcome. You have a nice cock." I said. 

"Thanks again. It's been a few weeks since I had any release."

"Well you had a big one just now." I reached over to massage his chest and tease a nipple. I hoped to get his cock in my ass today too. 

"Mmmmm. I like that." I moved my hand to his far nipple and put my mouth on the closer one. I left the nipple to reach out to his cock. I was surprised to feel it returning to full mast so soon.

"Looks like you're ready to go again." I said as flirtatiously as I could. "You want to fuck me?"

"Yeah I do want to fuck you. I don't have anything to lubricate with though." He replied. I stood up picking up my shorts and towel. I pulled my room key out of the pocket to have it ready. 

"Grab your shorts and room key and follow me." I said. I was so anxious to get to my room that I neglected to check for anyone in sight when I opened the door and walked out. No other guests were there but a gardener was shaping shrubs down the breezeway and across the pool. He was looking down so I took the chance continuing towards him and the door to my room. Alex following directly behind. I opened the door to let Alex enter before me. The gardener made eye contact with me just as I started walking in. We almost made it undetected.

I shut the door behind us then turned see where Alex went. To my surprise he was right there again. He leaned in starting our make-out session again. He ended it quickly this time and headed over to the bed. I pulled the bottle of lube from my travel case in the bathroom and squirted some in and on my hole. Then I went to the bed to sit with Alex. I noticed immediately his cock was completely limp and his face had changed a bit. I gathered he was having second thoughts, probably from having tasted his cum in my mouth when we kissed. Taking a chance before losing him completely I asked him to lay back. He did so I went straight to working on his cock. I put my mouth over it working my tongue as well as I know how hoping he would get back into it. Luckily for me he got hard again. I worked his cock for several minutes longer before asking him again.

"So, do you still want to fuck me? It seems your cock wants to." I said.

"Yes, I want to fuck you." that's all I needed this time. I climbed over to straddle him. I lifted myself over his cock and then moved back to line him up with my ass. I moved back until his cock pushed on my entrance. I pushed a little more, just enough to pop his head in me. He closed his eyes and groaned. I could see the ecstasy on his face as my ring gripped his cock. I rolled his nipples between my fingertips as hard as I could as I finished impaling my ass on his cock. He let out the loudest groan yet nearly yelling. I'm sure the gardener heard that one if he's still there.

I started riding his cock in earnest. It felt so big stretching me as I fell down on it. I rode him until my legs were ready for another position. I climbed off telling him to get behind me. I was on all fours. I leaned forward surrendering my ass to him. He moved behind me and shoved his cock in again. I gasped as he entered my ass, pushing in until I felt his hips pushing on my ass cheeks and his balls resting on mine. I pushed back to meet each of his thrusts. I reached back to feel his balls just as he landed his cock hard in me holding me tight. I felt them tighten and his cock throbbed shooting cum in my ass. Feeling his pulsing cock completely in my ass brought me to the edge. I grabbed my cock just as I started squirting my own cum on the sheets under me. We collapsed on the bed, his cock still in me, his body heavy and sweaty on mine. We stayed like that until his cock softened and retreated from me.

Alex stood quickly once his cock softened completely. He put his shorts on and headed back to his room. I think he quietly said thanks as he left but I can't say for sure. I wiped the sheets as well as I could before straightening them out. Martin would be home soon. I pulled my shorts on and went for a quick swim. When Martin got back we went for a nice dinner before coming back to the room. 

Tuesday Martin had more meetings. He woke me up by putting his cock to my lips. I opened my mouth letting him use me again. His cock felt so sexy sliding through my lips and across my tongue. I think I actually enjoy it more than he does. Soon his cock shot his familiar cum in my mouth. Half of it went straight down my throat before he pulled back to leave some in my mouth. When he pulled out one gob dripped onto my lips and chin. Martin went to shower. I fell asleep with his cum drying on my chin. 

I slept in before showering and heading to the pool. I swam for a bit then slept on a chaise in the shade again. I started waking up and quickly felt a presence around me. I opened my eyes to find Alex sitting and looking at me. 

"Sorry if I freaked you out. I know you were sleeping." He said. 

"No worries, you're forgiven. Are you leaving?" I saw his luggage next to the chair. 

"Yeah I'm heading home today. I'm married."

"Oh, really. I looked for a ring before we hooked up though." I said. I know, stupid to assume but still thought I knew. 

"Yeah I put self tanner around that part of my finger to hide the evidence. I was going through some issues and thought I needed a change. She is on a business trip and doesn't know I'm here. You are the first guy I've been with. You're the first I've even touched, kissed or any of the other things we did. I don't regret what we did but I'm sorry I lied to you about my commitment."

"Ok. Well I hope you are able to work through everything if that's what you want." I said. I wasn't the one who made the commitment to his wife so I wasn't too concerned, just a bit dejected.

"Thanks. Maybe we will meet again." He said. I smiled back. He stood up and left, heading back to the life he was vacationing from. Ok, I needed a drink. I went back to the room, dressed and headed to the trendy bar down the street. 

The bar was a mistake. I was definitely not in the right state of mind even after a couple mojitos. On the way back to the hotel I picked up a bottle of vodka. I poured a glass before changing back into my board shorts. I headed to the pool to get my mind off of things. 

A long swim helped and I went to relax on a chaise. This wasn't helping. I decided to change and find something to do. I walked back to the room. Before I unlocked the door the gardener from the other day caught my attention.

"Excuse me," he said. "would you mind giving me a hand for a minute or two?" 

"Sure, I'd be happy to." And truly I was. Anything to distract me from thinking about Alex.

"Thanks." He said as he led me to "A" room. It was warm in the room, I guessed the AC had been turned off since Alex left. He led me to the bathroom where he had some plumbing under the sink disassembled. When he had everything reassembled he stood up to test it. Everything was good. He washed his hands and turned to me. I was standing back, closer to the bath tub.

He thanked me again for the help. I thought this was my cue to leave. He stood blocking the door. When I went to one side he was there looking down into my eyes. His dark brown eyes looked deep into me. I moved to the other side and he was there again meeting my eyes with his. He was much stronger than I am so I was concerned what would happen if I was misinterpreting his intentions. I stepped closer to see what he would do. I was close to touching my chest to his as we continued looking into each other's eyes. I watched his dark eyes close as his mouth moved to mine. His soft lips touched my lips lightly before building pressure. I felt his warm tongue on my lips soon parting them. I willingly allowed it in my mouth to play with my tongue. I reached around to use his ass to pull us together. I felt his muscular ass flex as he shifted closer. His cock felt large pushing on me through his clothes. Suddenly without breaking our kiss he picked me up. I put my legs around him while he carried me the short distance to the bed. 

I unbuttoned his shirt feeling the hair underneath with each button. Our lips stayed connected when I slid it over his shoulders letting it fall to the floor. I quickly pulled my shorts off and moved my hands to his waist. I unfastened his belt and the button on his pants. They fell to the floor when I unzipped them. I felt his ass through his boxers then moved to the front. I reached through the fly to feel his cock. It felt large and hot in my hand. It was thick and must be over eight inches. He moaned when I touched it and again when I gave it a slight squeeze. 

I was already naked and wanted him to match. I took the waistband of his boxers and pulled them down. As I stood I licked his cock from the base to the head. I teased just below the head and licked the precum before kneeling down to give his cock a proper blow job. The precum on my tongue motivated me to deep throat him. His thick cock was over eight inches now fully erect. I put the head in my mouth closing my lips over it. I used my tongue to play with it before taking more in. It filled my mouth before half of it was in. I worked it a few more times. I pushed more of it in. His cock started filling my throat. I pulled back and pulled him in again. This time I pushed until my nose pressed his skin and his cock was fully in. He moaned as I held him in. I started blowing him as he leaned his head back. When he looked down again I held eye contact with him. I watched the ecstasy in his eyes when I had his cock deep throated. He soon started to orgasm. I continued my pace on his cock feeling it swell in my throat. I pulled back to use my hand on half of his cock when he started shooting in me. He covered my tongue with his cum. I swallowed several times as his pulses of cum squirted over my tongue. 

When I let his cock slip out he moved to the bed. I moved to lay next to him while he recovered. I massaged his chest lightly and occasionally teased his nipples. I ran my fingers through his chest hair while we relaxed there. I ran my hand down to check on his cock. I was ready for him to use me. I took it in my hand. It was semi hard. I started rubbing it slowly. He lifted himself over me to kiss again. His wonderful cock rubbed on my stomach as we resumed making out. I felt it hardening, poking against me harder. He grabbed a bottle of lubricant from his pants and kneeled on the bed between my legs. I pulled the pillows down, putting them under my lower back. He began lubing his cock and moved to my ass. He squirted some in me then started stretching me with his fingers. 

"I need your cock." I said. Knowing it would hurt I needed it more. "Just get it in me." I was becoming short of breath anticipating him in me. He put the head on my hole.
