 My name is Dave and I'm a 32 year old bisexual male. I look a lot younger than my age. People tell me that I'm really good looking and have a hot body and great cock. My girlfriend was out of town for a couple of weeks on business and I decided that it was about time to try and make one of my darkest fantasies cum true. I love to suck off groups of guys and have them cum all over me and I've always wanted to have a large number of guys cover me in cum until I am a quivering mess. I had coaxed several guys into doing this for me but had never quite reached the numbers I felt were necessary to get really coated in sperm. I determined that before my girlfriend returned, I was going to do whatever it took to act out my fantasy.

I figured that the best place to start was a local adult bookstore that I sometimes frequented. I knew that it was usually hopping on a Friday night and that the management could care less what goes on in the booth areas, so I planned to be there when people got off of work and stay as long as it took to realize my dream.

Before I left the house, I completely shaved my cock and balls, put on thong under ware, a pair of shorts and a long sleeved white T-shirt. Since it was the middle of winter in Pennsylvania, I figured people would get the idea.

I arrived at the book store early, and upon entering, the clerk smiled at me. He had seen me there before and knew that I was hunting cock. I paid my seven dollars and went into the back where the booths were.

Over the next couple of hours, I sucked off a number of guys making sure that each one shot off all over me particularly on the front of my shirt. I wasn't going to take any chances that interested guys would miss the point. I also told each guy my fantasy and said that they were welcome to tell anyone they met what I liked.

By early evening, the booths were really starting to get crowded and there I was walking around with cum stains all over the front of my shirt. Since the place had no doors on the booths, most of the clients had seen me on my knees giving head, but I was still unable to get any group together much over two or three guys. I didn't want this to be a one at a time thing. I wanted a real cum bath. I needed one load after another non-stop.

Just as I was beginning to get discouraged, I noticed a really tough looking biker guy. He was probably about 50 and had tattoos all over his body. He had a full grey beard and appeared to have lived life hard. He saw me and motioned for me to go into one of the booths with him. I thought to myself, no thanks! I don't need it that bad! A few minutes later, I walked down a dead end aisle in the book store where two booths faced each other and there he was. 

He pulled me in the booth and said, so you're playing hard to get you little slut. He told me that one of his buddies at the store told him what I wanted and he was more than happy to help. Then he pushed me to my knees and stuck his very thick cock in my face. Scared out of my mind by this rough guy, I started giving sucking for dear life. Immediately, he started saying what a great cock sucker I was and how I better continue to live up to his expectations of me.

Then he grabbed me and pulled me up. He said time to strip bitch, I don't like it when fully dressed sluts give me head. I said that we are in a public place and I thought that it was a bad idea. He looked at me with a look that could kill and repeated his words, strip bitch, and added I'm not going to tell you again.

I dutifully took off my shorts and shirt then I hesitated. He quickly remarked nice thong faggot, strip now! I dropped my thong and stood in front of him fully naked except for my tennis shoes. He said, oh you are all shaved. How cute, you really are a fucking slut. His talk had me hard as a rock but I was still scared to death. He then pushed me to my knees and told me to get back to work. 

I sucked on him for some time before I noticed several guys were standing in the aisle jacking off and watching. When my biker friend saw that I noticed the newcomers, he said to me, here's more meat for you bitch. Get out there in the aisle and let them have a shot at your face. Then, he pushed me out of the booth and into the aisle. Instantly, I was surrounded by a ring of hard cocks. All I could see was legs and cocks being jerked off or stuck into my face. 

Instinctively, I opened my mouth and started sucking the nearest cock. I was in a cock sucking frenzy. I went from cock to cock sucking each one and then moving to the next. While I was sucking one cock, others would press in to get a shot at me. As if it were far away, I heard voices saying, what a cock sucker, I'm going to blow all over his face, he is such a whore, etc. I truly lost track of time but all too soon, I heard someone say I'm getting close, let me in. There was scuffling of feet and a hard cock in my face. Before I could even open my mouth, the cock shot several loads of cum all over my face and chest. I looked up and smiled to be greeted with another load from different cock. Then my biker pal said, hose the bitch down gentleman, make the slut scream for the cream. 

Cock after cock began shooting all over me. I counted eleven loads and then lost track. There were many, many more. When it was over, I had my wish. My face and hair were matted with gooey sperm. My chest cock and legs were covered and dripping with spunk and, I was lying in a giant puddle of cum. The floor was as soaked as I was.

I went to collect my clothes and they were gone!! So here I was naked and covered in cum in an adult book store. I gathered up my remaining courage and went to the clerk. I begged him to help me out. He said that my biker friend had dropped my clothes off at the desk and that as soon as I cleaned up the floor, he would give them to me. He then handed me my shirt and said, you can use this and you better clean it all up.

I returned to the aisle, sopped up all the cum on the floor with my shirt and took my now soaked T-shirt back up front as proof. The clerk said, Hell I trust you. He then tossed me my thong and said, have a nice night, your buddy said you didn't need the shorts. It was going to be a long walk home!

Well, that's my latest adventure. If you are ever in central Pennsylvania please email me. Thanks!