 I stood at my door holding my bags of groceries, waiting a few moments before going in. Just around this time every day, the young college frat guy who lived in my apartment complex returned from his run. He was absolutely gorgeous. Tall, athletic, muscular, with dark blond features. As for me, I am in my mid-thirties. Single. In decent shape due to a very active lifestyle when I was in my teens and twenties, but I was never really that strong-more on the smaller side physically, but toned. Now with work and life though, I don't really keep up on maintaining my physique. I don't have any issues dating men my own age, but I'm such a sucker for college jocks and frat guys. Mmmmm. Just thinking about him got my engine revving. Besides, there was no harm in just looking. I was hoping to catch a glimpse of him before I went in, as it was warm day which meant he would be shirtless, and I loved how the sweat always made a dark streak across the front of his basketball shorts. One more glance around, and I let myself into my apartment disappointed; he must have gone out earlier or maybe took a longer run than usual. 

I put my bags down in the kitchen and started putting groceries away when there was a knock at the door. I wasn't expecting anyone, and my apartment building wasn't the type where neighbors were overly friendly, so I was really curious as to who it might be. When I opened the day, I was in for the treat of my life, for it was none other than the college jock I was daydreaming about just a little while ago. And sure enough, he was shirtless, sweat matting down his fine dark-blond chest hair. I must have stood staring at him a little too long, as he shifted uncomfortably and blushed a little. 

I moved back quickly and asked what I could do for him. "Eh, hi. I'm sorry to bother you. I seem to have locked myself out, and I just got back from a run. Do you think I could get some water from you and wait until my roommate gets home?"

"Of course. Come in, come in. Sorry for the mess; I was just putting away some groceries."

"Oh yeah, no worries. I'm sorry to barge in on you like this. And I feel a little dumb for losing my key."

"Oh no, it happens." I got him a glass from the cupboard, filled it with water, and handed it to him. He gulped down the water. Up close he was even more sexy. I was starting to get hard just looking at him. 

"Thanks man, can I have some more," he asked.

"Sure. Help yourself. I'm Mike by the way. I just realized that I don't know your name."

"Ryan." Ryan walked into the kitchen and helped himself to some more water. "You know, working out makes me so horny."

"Haha, yeah I remember being in my early twenties. Pretty much everything made me horny." 

"But there's just something about working out. Getting all hot and sweaty. Whenever I'm done with an intense workout or when I've had a good, hard run, I always crave head."

"Yeah," I laughed nervously. It seemed a little weird to be talking about this, I thought. I mean, I didn't even really know him. Plus, I was at least 15 years older than him; so, I didn't really feel like his peer. 

"I especially get turned on by making a chick suck me off when I'm all sweaty. I like to force her face into my sweaty crotch and to make her lick my sack." While Ryan was talking, I noticed that he started to rub his crotch, which suddenly sprung to life. 

"Eh, why are you telling me this," I half chuckled nervously. 

"Oh, because you're going to suck my cock. I know you want to. I've seen the way you look at me. I always knew you were some kind of perv."

I was completely speechless. I barely started to deny it, when Ryan was on me, wrestling me to the ground. Before I knew it, he had me on my back. Straddling my face, Ryan effortlessly pinned my arms down with his knees. I struggled but couldn't get free. He grabbed my head and shoved it into his crotch. "You like that fag? That's what a man smells like. Take it all in." With that, he pulled over the leg hole of his basketball shorts to reveal his nut sack. "Open your fucking mouth," he barked out me. I gladly obliged. "Lick my nuts clean faggot." 

Although I couldn't believe this was happening, the entire scene was like a fantasy turned true. I was so turned on by this college frat guy's dominating attitude and his sexy body that resisting didn't even cross my mind. When he finally loosed his dick, my own was swollen. I found myself craving his sweetly pungent man-scent and the taste of his sweaty cock. I gladly accepted his tool in my mouth, and although he still had me pinned down, there was no need to restrain me as he aggressively face-fucked me. 

Time was non-existent as I worked feverishly to make this college kid cum. I wanted more than anything to taste his load. But a knock at the door snapped me back to reality. Maybe this wasn't a good idea. I mean, I didn't know anything about this guy except from what I've seen from afar. And fantasy and reality are not the same thing. Now there was someone at my door, which I don't think I locked after letting Ryan in. I tried to get free, but Ryan held me down and continued to fuck my throat. A second knock at the door, and to my horror, Ryan responded: "Come in, Sam!"

The door opened, and in walked Sam, Ryan's roommate and frat buddy. What the hell was happening here? I may have been hot and horny to suck off Ryan, but I was definitely not into having an audience. The two guys exchanged smiles, while Ryan continued to hold ram his cock down my throat. 

"I think he wants to say something," Sam replied. Ryan pulled out of my mouth. 

"Is that right, faggot? Do you want to say something?"

"Damn right," I replied. "What the fuck do you guys think you're doing. I want you to let me go, and to get out of my house. I did not agree to any of this, and I'm definitely not going to suck you off while your friend watches."

"Haha, you got it all wrong there bro. Sam isn't here to watch. Isn't that right, Sam?"

"That's right, Ryan. Why would I just stand here and watch—I came here to play too. Now shut him up so we can have some fun." With that, Sam opened his gym bag and pulled out a huge dildo. 

"Now wai..." Before I could protest, Ryan shoved his cock back into mouth and continued his violent face fucking. I felt Sam begin to unbutton my jeans. Now, I couldn't move my upper body due to Ryan's weight on my arms, but I would be damned if I would allow this guy to undress me like that. I started to kick and flail my legs as hard as I could. My protests were ended quite abruptly with Ryan's hand started crushing my throat.

"Now look. We can do this the easy way or the hard way. But let's get something straight right now. We are in control here. And you're going to do what we say. Because if you don't, you're going to get hurt. I can make this easy on you, or I can make it so you are in so much pain, you'll be crying like the little bitch you are. So, here's what's going to happen. You're going to calm done and continue sucking my dick like you were before, while Sam here takes off your pants. Then you're going to do whatever it is that he asks you, got that?"

Tears already stung my eyes from my crushed larynx, and I was barely able to utter a sound, so all I did was nod my head. Ryan's grip around my throat relaxed, and he brought his cock back to my lips. Sam continued the process of removing my jeans. Next, he removed my underwear. I was completely exposed now from the waist down. The hardness that was there a little while before was now gone from the fear that filled me. 

Sam spread my legs a bit and began fingering my hole. First one finger, then two. I grunted at the dull pain in my ass, as he didn't use any lube. The pressure stopped for a moment. I was so focused on trying to see what Sam was doing that I didn't even realize that Ryan was no longer fucking my throat. He had his hands on his own ass cheeks, spreading them open, and was hovering just above my face. "I want you eat my hole now faggot." With that, he all but sat on my face, completely blocking my view of Sam down toward my feet. I obeyed and stuck out my tongue. I could taste the sweat from his work out mixed with his ass. At the same time, I could feel something large being pressed against my own ass. Holy shit, Sam was going to fuck me with that giant dildo I saw earlier, and I could feel that he was still not using any lube. I could feel him pushing the rubber against my hole, the dryness pulling on the hairs around. 

"Hey Ryan man, I can't get it in. He's too tight. We need some lube."

"Give it to me. Ok Mike, we need you to get this dildo nice and wet for Sam. Open your mouth."

Just the thought of putting something into my mouth that was around my own asshole made my stomach churn. But I did as he said. I knew that whatever I could do to get the dildo as lubed as possible would be better for me in the long run. So, I sucked on the dildo the best I could to get it wet with my saliva. Ryan then passed it back to Sam. 

It still wasn't that easy. The dildo was big, and I was tight. Sam was only able to get the dildo in about halfway way. He fucked me a few times like this but then pulled it out. "It's still not enough. We need more lube, he said, passing it back to Ryan. 

"You heard him, open up."

Now the first time, it hadn't really been inside me, so it wasn't too bad. But now the dildo had been halfway inside my ass. There was no way I was going to put that thing into my mouth. Ryan could see me hesitating, for he quickly added, "You better do it man, cause if you don't I'm going to tell Sam to shove that thing back inside you so hard and to force it in if he has to. And I'm pretty sure you'll be screaming. So, what'll it be?"

I had no choice. I knew he was right. The dildo was huge, and if there was every any hope that it wouldn't totally destroy my ass for good, I needed to get it lubed up as much as possible. So I just opened my mouth. Ryan stuck the dildo in. I cringed on the taste. I could hear Sam laughing behind him. "Haha, how do you like the taste of your own ass man?" 

I tried to block it out as much as possible, just focusing on getting it as wet as I could. Ryan took it out and handed it back to Sam, who resumed trying to insert it all the way. 

A few times back and forth between my ass and my mouth, and finally it was lubed enough, and my ass was loose enough to permit the entire thing to enter. Ryan continued switching from making me suck him off to rimming his hole, while Sam proceeded to fuck my ass with the giant dildo. And despite the fear and humiliation, my cock started to harden. No, no, no. Please don't let them see, I thought to myself. But of course, there was no way Sam wouldn't.

Sure enough: "Hey Ryan, it looks like the little fag is enjoying this; his tiny cock is hard."

"Having a good time, are we," Ryan asked rhetorically. "Let's see what we can do about that. Jerk him off Sam."

I tried to protest because I knew that as soon as I came, I would be completely disgusted by everything that they were doing, but with Ryan's giant cock making it pretty much impossible to speak, all I could do was grunt. Sam started stroking my dick. Faster and faster, and then suddenly without control, I shot my load all over my abdomen. Ryan scooped up my cum, rubbed it on his asshole, and then again positioned himself over my face. "Haha, now clean my hole faggot. I'm sure you'll love the taste of your own load." I could hear Sam snickering behind him. I've never tasted my own load before, and although I have fantasized about it, as soon as I cum, the idea immediately grosses me out. But I have no choice to do what Ryan says. So, I begin to lick my cum off his hole. I feel so completely pathetic and humiliated. 

"Fuck," Ryan says. "I'm close now faggot. I've got another load for you to eat right here. Open you mouth. Not a second later, Ryan shot his warm, sticky load into my mouth. "Now clean me off bitch." I was happy that he finally came. Maybe this meant that we were getting close to the end of whatever was happening here. 

Meanwhile, Sam had gone back to fucking my ass with the dildo. After a few moments, he says to Ryan: "I think he's ready bro."

"Ready for what?" I asked. 

"Shut the fuck up and clean off my cock like I told you bitch," Ryan said, and he grabbed my balls hard, reminding me that he would make it hurt if I didn't obey. So, I took his softening dick into my mouth and began to lick off any remaining cum. 

All of a sudden, he grabbed my head and forced it against his crotch, so I couldn't pull away, his dick still in my mouth. "Don't move," he said. I wasn't sure what was happening at first, but my mouth started to feel warm and wet. Oh my god, I said to myself when I realized he was pissing! My only choice if I didn't want to choke was to swallow his urine. He only laughed when he read the disgust in my eyes. "That's a good little bitch. Come on now, don't pretend that you haven't dreamt about drinking my piss since the first moment you saw me. Sam let out a laugh. 

When Ryan's bladder was finally empty, and my stomach full of both our loads of cum and his piss, I allowed myself to think for a moment that the worst was over. But then Sam repeated, "Hey man, he's ready."

"Ready for what?" I asked.

"Dude, what's with all the questions?" Sam asked. Just relax. You didn't think it was over, did you? This was just the pregame. . .