 WARNING: This story contains EXTREME examples of fictional racism. If you are not okay with racial slurs or this type of raceplay, then please for the love of god don't leave some half-brained comment expressing your hate...just move on. It is important to remember that all themes and subjects covered in this story are completely FICTIONAL. This story does not condone real-life racism or violent actions in any way.

 ================================

 I awoke to the sound of something cooking downstairs. I dragged myself up and let my legs hang off the side of the bed. I would have thought that last night was nothing more than a dream, if it wasn't for the pain and soreness in my bowels. I stood up and stretched my arms out. I could feel my ass throb with every movement I made. Nevertheless, I put on some clothes and went downstairs. I saw my beautiful wife at the stove, barely clothed. She stood over the stovetop, cooking some bacon, obviously trying to entice me with her body. She still had on the skimpy nightgown that I saw her in bed with last night. She spun around when she heard me walk into the room.

 "Morning, baby!" She smiled with glee and walked over to me. Every step she took made her massive breasts jiggle around in her lacey top. She pushed her body against mine and kissed me passionately. I could feel her huge breasts being squished tightly against my chest as she shoved her tongue far down my throat.

 "That's what I was looking for last night...but it never happened." She said, sounding disappointed. She started walking back over to the stove to finish cooking.

 "Well...I got...distracted. I spent a little while at the bar, and then I met up with some...friends." I said, stumbling over most of my words as I tried to figure out how to say this in the best way.

 "Well, all I know is that I had to take care of myself last night. But now that you're home, why don't we get one in before work?" While I couldn't deny how incredibly busty and beautiful she looked, all I could think about was Brute's unbelievably large cock. Her giant busty rack that was held up by her supportive nightgown failed to turn me on in the slightest. In fact, all I could imagine is how much hotter she'd look right now if she had a girthy black cock between those melons. Something serious was happen to me. It hadn't even been a single day since I had my ass viciously torn apart by a black alpha, and yet I couldn't stop dreaming about it.

 "I...ugh...I don't think so, honey. I'm just not in the mood." I uttered quickly, trying to push past this conversation.

 "What do you mean? Are you serious?" She looked at me baffled. She knew her sex drive far outshined mine, but she had never heard me turn down sex so quickly before.

 "Please, honey..." I said, holding my hand up in the air as if signaling her to stop. "I'm just not in the mood." I hung my head in shame, still confused about these new urges.

 "Okay! Fine!" She said in a mocking tone, obviously pissed off.

 We had breakfast together, barely even saying a word to each other all morning. When it came time to head to work, I said goodbye and slipped out the door. I hailed a cab a bit down the street, and we raced off towards town hall.

 When I finally entered into my office, I was greeted by my assistant. He was holding a large stack of documents, which I knew to be the new anti-black bill that I had drafted up. I sat down at my desk and felt the warm throbbing of my still sore ass on the leather seat.

 "Good morning, sir." My perky, young assistant said to me. "The new bill is all ready to go! We spent the night proofreading it and revising any errors. All we need is your signature, sir." He gently tossed the stack of paper directly in front of me. I stared at it for a brief moment. This was the bill that had made me famous, and yet this also brought me more shame than I could imagine. People rallied behind this bill, fought for this bill, even elected me simply because I promised to pass a bill like this. I knew that this is what my people wanted, but deep down I just couldn't do it. My conscience got the better of me as I stood up and faced my assistant.

 "There's no way I can sign this!" I said heroically.

 "I'm sorry...is something wrong with it, sir?" My assistant was clearly confused as to why I was displeased with a bill that I had written myself.

 "Yes, something is wrong with it. It's not right!" I paused briefly and noticed how confused my assistant was. "It's not moral! How can we call ourselves 'good people' when we're clearly so bigoted and racist?" I reached down and grabbed the bill off my desk. I grabbed it on one side with both hands. Angrily, I tore the entire stack in half, much to my assistant's amazement.

 "But...I...don't understand. I thought you wanted to pass this bill. Isn't that why you wrote it?" I tossed the torn pages into the trash can next to my desk.

 "Yes, but that was before I realized how anti-American this thing is!" I yelled, pointing to the torn pages in the trash can. "America is about freedom and acceptance. How the fuck is it 'accepting' to force good people out of their homes simply because they look different from us? I refuse to enact anything like that!" I folded up my arms on my chest, abstinently.

 "Very well, sir. Just remember that you have another rally today. You were going to tell the people the good news...What are you going to tell them now?" I thought back to all the teachings and lessons that Brute had taught me. Sure, he might have been aggressive with me, but he's still fighting for a good cause.

 "I'll show them the RIGHT thing to do." I said, speaking with emphasis to make my point clear. I stormed out of my office, hopped into the first taxi I could find, and raced towards my rally.

 As I arrived and stepped out of the cab, I could hear people screaming and cheering my name. I made my way directly to the podium, trying to navigate the huge crowds all around me. I approached the microphone, which was pointing directly at my face, and looked out at the screaming crowd.

 "Welcome, everyone! Thanks for coming. Now please...please settle down. I have some very important news to tell you all." Most of the mob settled down, while a couple people continued carrying on.

 "No more blacks!" Some began to chant the motto that my campaign ran under.

"Did you finally get rid of all those niggers?" Asked one particularly disgusting white gentleman.

 "I know a lot of you will be disappointed...but I must tell the truth. Today, I refused to sign the anti-black bill." The crowd became full of quiet side-conversations and audible confusion. "I know I promised to do this for all of you...but I also promised to uphold the values that this nation stands for! Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness for ALL!" The crowd didn't cheer; they didn't clap. I received nothing but silence and hateful stares. "Don't you understand how horrible it is to segregate an entire race?"

 "Jonathon, those niggers are murdering, raping, and stealing! How the fuck can you support that?" One angry white guy screamed.

 "Not all of them do that! It's not right to punish good people for the mistakes that OTHER people have made!" I yelled, answering back to him. I turned my attention back to the group as a whole.

 "I know it's scary...but it's the RIGHT thing to do! Open your hearts to these people. Let these proud African men and women show you just how great they are! Trust me! In time, you'll see them as I do: strong, powerful, loyal, and deserving of our acceptance and love!" I walked away from the podium to a roar of "boo"s and angry fists being shaken. I felt even sadder now that this rally was over. I knew that their racism and bigotry was directly my fault. 

 I was the one that instilled fear and hatred within them. I was the one that told them not to trust African Americans. I was the one that told them the only way to be safe was to segregate themselves from and entire race of people. I was determined to ensure that hatred and racism was not going to be what generations would remember me for.

 I stormed out of the rally, took another taxi, and raced back to Brute's compound. I heard the familiar sound of gunshots and wild guard dogs as I entered the worst part of the city. I knocked on the large metal sliding door and waited for someone to answer. Within a few seconds, the same young man who was on guard duty last night stuck his face against the peephole and smiled once he saw me.

 "Oh...it's you. Yeah, come on in faggot." He loudly pulled the gate open and motioned over towards the side room that Brute had fucked me in last night. "Your master's over there, honky!" He yelled, in a degrading and derogatory tone. I walked through the masses of black people going about their day and made it to Brute's room. The second he saw me, he dropped what he was doing and walked over towards me.

 "Well done, faggot. I had an agent planted in the rally. He says you really put those crackas in their place!" I must admit, it felt great to be congratulated by such a powerful alpha male.

 "Well, I just did what I knew was right, sir." I said, being respectful to this superior hunk.

 "That's correct." He said, as he took a few more steps and stood directly in front of me. "It's the RIGHT thing to do for whites to honor the wishes and requests of niggas...isn't it?" I nodded with a smile.

 "Why are you doing all this, faggot?" I looked at Brute with slight confusion.

 "Well...because I love the black race and want to see them prosper, sir." Brute didn't seem content with my answer.

 "You sure that's all you want? You sure you aren't addicted to niggas cocks too?" Feelings of submissiveness kicked in as I hung my head towards the ground.

 "Well...I...I" Brute lovingly placed his huge black hand on top of my head. I was amazed to find out that it was so large that it completely encompassed my scalp.

 'It's okay, cracka. You can say it." He rubbed my head as if I was a house pet.

 "I...I love nigga dick." I said, feeling almost freed and liberated.

 "No, bitch! Don't say 'nigga'. You sound like some stupid white rapper who wishes he was black. Say 'nigger'." He exclaimed, putting extra emphasis on the "er" ending.

 "I...I love nigger dick." Saying it properly out loud for the first time filled me with a strange sense of satisfaction.

 "Louder, faggot!"

 "I love big fat nigger cock!" I yelled at the top of my lungs. 

 "Good...good." Brute said lovingly. "It's no use trying to fight it. White boys were MADE to please niggas." I could feel myself falling down off the 'high' I just received from confessing my secret love.

 "Speaking of pleasing niggas...we're one step closer to finally putting an end to the harsh rule you whites have over this city." He paused for a moment, as if thinking over his next action. "You know what...I think you've earned yourself a reward for being such a good and obedient faggot." My eyes lit up, hoping for another night of violent and aggressive ass pounding.

 "Thank you, sir. It was an honor to fight for such an important cause." For some reason, just making Brute happy seemed to make me happy too. If I didn't know any better, I'd say that I was falling in love with him. He grabbed me by the hair and dragged my limp body out into the main open area. Most of the random men and women were gone now that it was dark, most likely having retired for the night. Three dark skinned hunks stood guard over this compound in the dead of night. Brute tossed my inferior body into the middle of the square with ease.

 "Enjoy, my brothers! You've earned a nice piece of honky butt as payment for jobs well done." He said, looking at each of the 3 guards. They all started to circle in around me as Brute retreated to his room.

 "Oh...and if anyone bothers me when I'm sleeping, I'll cut their fucking head off!" He slammed the door to his room shut, leaving me shivering on the ground and surrounded by these stunning black hunks. They all threw their fully automatic rifles to the ground and started rubbing at their crotches. I could see bulges starting to form that got bigger and bigger the more they grabbed at them.

 "I thought I was Brute's slave, sirs?" I timidly asked the group. All three of them looked at each other and burst into laughter.

 "No, you stupid white piece of trash..." One of them said, while looking at me with a humored and entertained look on his face. "...you belong to all niggas."

 "Maybe we should get 'Property of the Master Race' tattooed on his fat honky ass." One of the other black guards said, causing the other two to chuckle a bit.

 "Yeah, but first we gotta break this bitch's spirit! Come on, brothas, let's show this honky slut why niggas deserve to be worshiped!" They continued grabbing and rubbing at their already massive bulges, ensuring that their cocks were fully hard when I saw them. Most of them had tents forming in their pants that stuck out nearly a foot from their body. They all moved in a bit closer to me, practically shoving their huge erections in my face.

 Almost in unison, they all reached into their pants and whipped out their giant dark shafts. I audibly gasped as a massive black dick sprung up out of each of their pants. Rock hard and sticking straight out, these foot long beasts were a sight to behold. I could see their veins throbbing and pulsating with an immensely strong blood flow. I saw them all start looking around and staring at one another's dicks, marveling at each other's supremacy. My tiny little dick was becoming rock hard again, as my body realized the intense pleasure I was about to feel.

 I crawled over towards the group, practically drooling at this point. I reached out and grasped the two massive shafts at my sides, while staring directly at the one pointed at my face. I slowly jerked the dicks off in my hands as the one guard in front of me grabbed me by the head.

 "That's a good little honky! You wanna please as many niggas as you can at one time, huh?" I smiled and nodded, hoping to satisfy all three of these muscular alpha males. The two black gods at the ends licked their lips with pleasure as I continued to yank their foot long shafts front to back.

 "Open your mouth, faggot, so I can lube it up for you." The man in the middle said with a devilish tone. After all this time staring at these hung black gods, I couldn't even think straight. I didn't even know how to resist anymore. I opened my mouth obediently. He collected a big wad of saliva in his mouth and spat it directly into mine. I could taste his intoxicatingly sweet juices. I smiled as I swallowed his delicious spit.

 "You like drinking nigga juices, faggot?" I nodded and murmured affirmatively. Drinking his spit sent shivers of pleasure down my spine. "Good! Because that's what the rest of your life is gonna be about, cracka!" He spit on me again, this time in a more aggressive and violent way. I simply couldn't withstand the lust building inside me anymore.

 "Please, sir. I need that nigger cock deep in my throat!" I screamed with two huge black cocks still in my hands. The three black men all looked at each other, surprised.

 "Looks like Brute's already got you helplessly addicted." One guy said. He then turned to the black stud next to him. "That's how you can tell when a bitch gets horny. If he starts screaming 'nigger this'...'nigger that', then he's beggin' for a bruising!" The black men chuckled between themselves as I continued to fondle the dicks of the two men at the ends of the line. I opened my mouth, as if to invite the guy in the middle inside.

 He grabbed his cock at the base and angled the head right in front of my mouth. With one huge thrust forward, I felt his horse-sized member plunge all the way down into my esophagus. Amazingly, I gobbled up all 12 inches within an instant.

 "Damn!" The black alpha exclaimed. "Brute must have really broken in this fag already!" He threw his head back and groaned, clearly pleased by my oral skills. I pushed my head forward and backwards, practically gagging myself on his foot long shaft.

 "Take a look at this, my brothas! This honky's wrecking his own throat! I didn't even need to beat him or anything!" The two black men with their dicks in my hands looked over jealously. One of them pushed the guy aside and stepped right in front of me.

 "I wanna try this bitch too!" He said with glee, sounding like an excited child. He rammed his cock in too without any regard for my mouth. I swallowed every single inch and buried by face in his thin black pubes. A huge smile appeared on his face as his cock banged around in my sore throat. The third man, and the only one yet to gag me, looked at both of the other black guards.

 "You know...we don't have to take turns. Let's all get in that fag mouth together and break his fucking jaw!" He took a step forward and shoved his dick tightly against the other man's cock. He slid it in far enough to match the other guy's length, while he motioned over to the last man.

 "Come on, brotha. Don't you wanna silence this racist bitch once and for all?" His eyes lit up with excitement as he took a few steps closer towards my mouth. He pressed his cock against the other two and squeezed it into my stretched open mouth. My eyes widened with a mix of fear and excitement. I could feel myself being choked of all air...but deep down it was just making me hornier. My cock hardened and my face turned red as three girthy black meatsticks filled my entire esophagus.

 "Haha! Look at this honky choking! I knew he could never stand up to the power of us alpha male niggas!" The guy in the middle said, reaching his arms out and putting them around the shoulders of the two guys at his sides. They soon began to thrust their dicks slightly, only moving a few inches at a time. I gagged and choked, making the most retched faces as I lost the ability to breathe.

 "Fucking hell this is hot!" One of them yelled, throwing his head back with excitement. "Nothing's hotter than a white guy near death!" He stared down at me with a look of extreme hate and brutality. As my eyes became bloodshot and my face turned blue, I could tell these 3 black hunks were loving it. The more I gagged and spit up big wads of saliva, the harder they all thrust into my mouth simultaneously.

 Right before I passed out from asphyxiation, they all yanked their massive shafted out of my throat. I collapsed to the floor, gasping for air, as the black alphas all stood and looked down at me. Their huge rock hard dicks were dripping wet and covered in viscous drool.

 "Jesus Christ, look how fucking pathetic this one is!" One of them yelled, clearly displeased with me. They stared down at me as I choked on my own spit with great shame. "Maybe we should just kill this one and be done with it. It makes me sick looking at this weak little piece of shit!"

 "No!" One of the other guys exclaimed. "You heard Brute. This faggot has a lot of power around here. We're gonna use him to finally put an end to these racist assholes that run the city." The third black guard smiled as if he realized something exciting.

 "We can't kill him...but how about we keep choking him till he's close to death." They all started eyeing each other up.

 "You thinking what I'm thinking, brothas?" They all smirked at each other.

 "Fuck yeah, my nigga! Let's choke this honky with some nigga ass!" They all reached down to where their cocks were hanging out of the fly of their jeans, and unbuttoned their pants. They slid them off and tossed them onto the ground. I couldn't help but get excited when I saw their three tight and muscular butts. Their incredible chiseled asses made them the perfect examples of the natural supremacy of African men. They all knelt down to the ground and bent over, pushing their firm asses into the air. Their still hard foot long dicks were nearly touching the concrete ground as they wiggled their asses in my face.
