 Note: The first part of this story is true, sitting on the beach a couple of weekends ago, but everything after that is the day dream/fantasy part... oh how I wish it could come true though... I hope you enjoy and be sure to check out my other stories if interested.

*****

Living at the coast has its benefits. Well, truth be told it has many benefits and it's a wonderful place to live. My wife and I moved here two years ago, about a dozen years ahead of schedule as we'd always hoped to retire to the beach and were fortunate enough to be able to do it while we are still "young" in our early 50's since I work from home and can live anywhere.

We couldn't be happier and enjoy every day all year round.

Having the flexibility to pick and choose which days we want to be lazy sitting on the beach based on the weather is great and yesterday was one of those days. A beautiful, sunny, warm Sunday spent relaxing, reading and people watching. Particularly tan skin in skimpy bikinis...

But today, something else caught my eye. Let me provide some background information first though... I'm a 52 year old, white, married, professional man. I was a bit of a man whore in between my two wives and I love women and their bodies... I don't care what size or shape actually, a little "fluffy" is my preference, truth be told. But about 3 years ago I started having this "urge"... totally unexplainable and a mystery to me... I started noticing the cocks more and more while watching porn... and soon I found myself fantasizing and wondering what one felt like... and tasted like... Well, I was able to find out a couple of times just before moving to the beach and I really enjoyed giving oral pleasure to a couple of hard cocks and swallowing what was given to me. But then we moved and I haven't had the opportunity to fulfil that desire the past 2 years. We live in a small town now and can't take the risk.

So, back to the story... a perfect beach Sunday, relaxing, reading, admiring my surroundings and then a couple set up their chairs near us. They appeared to be roughly the same age as my wife and I. It wasn't the wife that caught my eye, it was him... Early 50's, salt and pepper hair with a matching goatee. Not in great shape, a bit of a belly on him, but a nice tan and he simply looked comfortable being who he is. He was sitting in his beach chair, arms relaxed on the arms of the chair, legs out, bent at the knee slightly and spread wide. I'm sitting off to the side so I can't get the full effect, but I immediately imagined myself kneeling between his legs taking his cock in my mouth. It just hit me and I couldn't stop imagining. Seeing his hard cock standing straight up, full bush of hair at the base and on his balls and me kneeling in front of him running my hands up his thighs, him looking down at me, teasing him, playing with him until he finally tells me "Take that cock in your mouth. Now." I move closer, sticking my tongue out and stabbing at the drop of precum that had leaked out, tasting him and wanting more but taking my time before opening my mouth wide and...

"Look out there, a dolphin!." My wife says to me and points out into the water. Well it was a nice daydream while it lasted.

But I snap right back to my new friend sitting nearby and I imagine him sitting in his favorite recliner or maybe on his couch, scooted to the edge, sitting just as he is there on the beach, with me kneeling in front of him... wanting to service him and please him, tease him and enjoy him. I want to taste that cock so bad. I want to feel him grab my head just as he's about to explode and hold me there as he fills my mouth with a gallon of cum. I want to hear him grunt as he gives me what I want and then I want to taste and swallow every bit of what he gives me.

"Are you ready for some lunch?"

I hear as I'm daydreaming... "Sure honey, want me to call in an order and go pick it up?"

We agree on what we want, I call in the order and 10 minutes later I get up and trek to the boardwalk restaurant to pick up our ToGo order.

I walk in, head straight for the restroom and when I come out I go up to the bar to pick up my order. When I give my name I look over to my left and guess who I see... Mr. Salt and Pepper... He looks over at me and gives me a half nod saying hello and I respond with the same. 

I'm waiting for my order and he speaks up and says "I'm Jim, did I see you out on the beach?"

"You sure did, I recognize you too, we're sitting next to you and your wife. I'm Steve."

"Good to meet you." He gets up and moves the two bar stools down to me and we shake hands.

"Do you live down here or just here on vacation?" I ask.

"We're full timers. Lived down here about 5 years now." Jim says

"Nice. We just moved down 2 years ago, couldn't be happier. The town is great."

"It sure is. Busy during tourist season, but hey, they help pay for all of the improvements around here so I never complain."

"I hear ya. It's only three or four months out of the year and it's not that bad. It's kind of nice to have some things going on to do and enjoy." I say

"We should get together with the wives some time and grill out or something." Jim suggests

"Sounds like a great idea to me, we'd enjoy that. Let's introduce the wives to each other when we get back out onto the beach."

My order is ready, I pay and Jim gets up and we head out and back to our spot on the sand.

As we walk back to our beach chairs we chat about where we moved from, what we do for a living, etc, etc.

When we get back to our spots we introduce the wives. My Susan to his Ellen. We pull our chairs closer and have a nice afternoon of getting to know each other. The end of the day comes and we agree to get together soon. Jim and I have traded cellphone numbers.

A couple of days later I get a text from Jim asking if we're available Saturday for a cookout at their place. I check with Susan and we make it a date.

Saturday arrives and we head over at 3pm as agreed upon. We have side dishes, a bottle of wine, some beers and they have the main dish ready for the grill later in the day.

We really lucked out, Jim and Ellen are genuinely nice people, easy to talk to and we enjoy their company. The afternoon turns into evening and we grill and eat. As I'm helping Jim take stuff into the kitchen he says to me, "You haven't been looking at me today like you were out on the beach last weekend."

"Huh? What?"

"I saw you looking at me out there. You couldn't tell I was watching you watch me due to my dark sunglasses."

"I don't know what you're referring to Jim."

"Oh, so that's how you want to play it... OK... too bad, I thought we had more in common, my apologies."

I'm kind of stunned, caught off-guard and trying to figure out what is going on and what to say, but Jim heads back out to where the wives are and I follow a few seconds behind.

The evening comes to an end and we pack up our stuff and head home. My mind still racing and wondering.

The next day I get a text from Jim... "Still going to deny it?"

I stare at the text for a full minute and type out a response, erase it... type a response... erase it... type some words and this time I hit SEND "No, I'm not going to deny it."

"Good, I hoped you'd fess up. Want to meet for lunch tomorrow? Just you and me."

My heart races as I read his invitation and I agree with a suggestion of a place and a time.

I can't help but wonder what Jim is going to say, how he's going to react... but I keep thinking that he didn't seem upset and it's his idea to meet for lunch... I don't guess he plans on kicking my ass or anything... Hopefully.

I show up at the appointed time and place and I see Jim has a table already and I join him. I have a difficult time looking him in the eye as I try to act calm and casual as I await the soft drink I ordered when the waitress came by.

"Relax Steve, you look like you're about to jump out of your skin."

"I'm fine, nothing is wrong, it's all good." I stammer and say way too fast... nice going Steve, that was smooth... Dumbass

"Look, really, relax... I won't put you on the spot, I'll just say that I think we're on the same page."

I have no clue what page he's on, I barely know what page I'm on... this is not a situation I'm used to and if anything I'm not relaxing right now... Deep breath...

"What page would that be?" I finally ask.

"Well let me tell you a little story and you can then tell me if I'm on target. As I mentioned, we moved down here 5 years ago. Where we used to live, I had a 'friend' (Jim uses air quotes as he says it). This friend used to enjoy doing things for me. Things that Ellen never knew about and never will. This friend and I would get together now and again and it would brighten my day, I'll leave it at that."

"OK, well I'm glad you had a friend, how did you meet her?"

"It wasn't a her, it was a him, and he was my neighbor."

"Oh." My mind races a little bit, trying to take the information and create a mental image.

"So, anyway, Chris was a good guy and his wife was friends with Ellen and we cooked out, helped each other with various home projects, etc. Along with all of that, Chris would blow me."

My eyes open wide and my jaw drops "What? He did what?"

"Chris wasn't gay or anything, he just liked to suck cock now and again. And I'm not gay either, but I like having my cock sucked. I never reciprocated and Chris was OK with that."

Jim stopped talking for a minute, letting all of this hang in the air and sink into my little brain.

After a few sips of our beverages Jim says "So, how about it, are we on the same page?"

I don't look up, I simply nod my head yes.

"I thought so, I could tell how you were looking over at me that day on the beach."

"Look, this isn't something I do on a regular basis, as a matter of fact I haven't since we moved down here and only a couple of times before total, coincidentally enough, with neighbors."

"That's cool Steve, it's all good." Jim said

"I actually don't know what came over me that day. I just saw you sitting there, the way you were sitting, how comfortable you looked and, well, I couldn't stop myself from thinking certain things. I sure as hell didn't mean for you to see me or realize what I was thinking."

"Well, the good news is that I'm not offended, pissed off or a homophobe or anything. You also stirred up memories for me of some good times a few years back with Chris. I tell ya... he was damn good and he really enjoyed himself."

"It sounds like Chris and I are very similar... I enjoy doing and don't ask for anything in return... it gives me pleasure to give pleasure... I know that sounds weird, but it's true."

Jim says "Well I sure as hell enjoy receiving pleasure..."

Our food comes out and we eat in silence, letting everything sink in. My mind going a mile a minute and quite honestly the napkin on my lap is slightly elevated as I think about this whole situation and scenario.

..."...tomorrow." That's all I actually hear when I realize Jim was talking to me.

"I'm sorry, what did you say?" I ask.

"I was saying that Ellen has plans to go shopping tomorrow. And I was going to ask if you thought you'd be available to come over and help me move a bookcase from downstairs up to the spare bedroom."

"Yeah, I don't see why not. My work day is light tomorrow, just text me when you want me to come over."

We finish up our lunch, pay out tabs and head out. As we part ways in front of the restaurant, Jim smiles, winks and says "See you tomorrow buddy." I smile back and head towards my house. My mind is flashing all over the place. Happiness, fear, nervous, horny... all at once. Can this really be happening? Can I be this fortunate? Let's not get ahead of ourselves Steve, don't freak out, don't over think. Let's just see what happens tomorrow. If anything.

I wake up Tuesday morning with a raging hard on, as usual. I love the fact that even in my early 50's my cock still thinks it's 22 years old. I stroke myself lightly, I reach all the way under and feel my slightly sweaty balls from being trapped under the covers all night, I bring my hand to my nose and breathe in deeply... fuck I love that smell... musky, sweaty... manly. I do this a couple more times imagining it's Jim's balls that I'm breathing in. My cock is even harder now, but I wait. I want to be at maximum arousal for when I see Jim in case anything does happen.

Another work day begins with me sitting at my desk in my home office. Sending emails, responding to emails, filling out paperwork... mindless tasks that I perform on autopilot each day. I'm not complaining, I have a sweet gig. I work from home, at the beach and get paid very well for what I do.

Tick Tock... minute by minute, half hour by half hour. Finally, my phone chirps. My heart jumps... Sheesh Steve quit acting like a school girl, I say to myself. I check my phone and it's Jim "Ellen is heading out in a few minutes, want to come by at 11am?" 

"Perfect" I respond, "I'll see you then."

Thirty minutes to wait... to wonder... to panic... What the fuck am I doing??? Do I want to go through with this? Is there even anything to go through? Sure there is, Jim came right out and told me he used to have a neighbor that sucked his cock for him. He wants what you want... me on my knees worshipping his cock and getting him off. OK, then yes, this is real, this is happening... And I want it. I want it bad. I've missed it. I've ached at times watching my favorite porn stars sucking beautiful cocks and drinking the cum that erupts. I need to feel it, smell it, taste it... swallow it. My cock is throbbing it's so hard.

Twenty five minutes later I head out. Susan is at work so I don't need a cover story, I just go. It's a small town and Jim doesn't live far so I hop on my bicycle and point myself south.

I arrive, I knock on the door and Jim answers with a big smile on his face "You made it. A small part of me wondered if you'd decide not to and I'm very glad to see that you chose to come."

He steps back and I see that he's in my usual attire when I'm relaxing at home, sweat shorts and a t-shirt. We make idle chit chat about the Monday Night Football game. It's early in the NFL season and there are high hopes for the local team. Well, the closest team to us anyway.

As we're standing in his living room I finally ask "So, where's that bookcase?" Jim looks at me quizzically and then suddenly he laughs... "Bookcase? There is no bookcase, that's just my code for... well, you'll see. Have a seat."

We both sit on the couch. Jim in the similar position he was in when I first spotted him sitting on the beach. Relaxed, arms out by his side, legs open. He turns his head to me and says "Well, do you like what you see?" He could tell my eyes had gotten bigger.

"Yes. Yes I do."

"So, what are you waiting for?"

OK, so this is how it's going to be I guess... no more small talk, no more discussion. It's time. Do it, or don't. There's only a modest lump in his sweat shorts and I can't wait to see what's under there.

I slide off the front edge of the couch... my eyes are down but I can feel his eyes on me. I'm on my knees on the floor next to him and I crawl out a little and over and enter the gap between his feet... slowly 'walking' towards him. I finally look up at him and he's smiling at me. He doesn't say a word.

My heart is racing and I feel like my entire body is shaking but when I look at my hands, I can barely see a quiver. I get to my destination am on my knees and slightly sit back... "OK Steve", I say to myself... "it's time... this is what you fantasized about on the beach not too long ago when you first saw Jim."

I put my hands on the tops of his thighs... he has nice hairy legs. I slowly run both hands up and down a little... working up my courage. I see the slight bulge in his shorts starting to rise a little. I rub my hands up and down his thighs. With each stroke I allow my fingertips to go a little higher until they're starting to creep under the leg opening of his shorts. Back and forth, slowly, lightly, feeling the hair on his legs under my fingertips. A little further... a little further... until finally I barely graze something with the index finger of my right hand. That was it... first contact... 

With the next stroke, I go for it... I allow both of my hands to reach completely up and surround his cock. It feels good. Warm. Solid. Not rock hard. Yet. But nice. 

I feel Jim's eyes on me as I'm staring at the bulge in his shorts with my hands now surrounding his cock under the thin fabric. I massage his manhood, I feel him hardening and I hear a slight moan. I look up. "That feels amazing. It's been way too long."

I smile. Encouraged. Ready for more. His cock is pointing slightly towards his left. My right. I remove my left hand from the other opening in his shorts, insert that hand into the other opening with my other hand. Pushing the leg of his shorts up as I do so. Seeing more of his leg, his thigh... finally high enough I see one of his balls peeking out at me. As I was already able to tell by what I felt, he has a full bush and his balls are nice and hairy as well. Perfect. Just the way I like it.

I have both of my hands on his cock and I pull it down towards the now large leg opening and I see the head of his cock... soft, big... purple... My mouth waters, my eyes are glued to his manhood. I'm slowly stroking his cock, it's getting harder by the second.

..."... these things off." 

"What?" I say?

"I said, how about you just take these things off." Referring to his shorts. I just nod, pull my hands out of his shorts. He lifts his ass and pulls his shorts down to near his knees. I take over from there and pull them the rest of the way down, off and toss them aside.

When I turn back around, Jim is fully reclined on the couch, his ass at the edge of the seat cushion, his legs spread wide... holy fuck he looks incredible. Exactly as I'd fantasized. He has nice looking large balls, hanging down slightly. His cock is a good size and still growing. It's pointing up on his belly.

"I showered just before you got here."

"Thanks" I say. Wanting to tell him he didn't have to, but I don't want to divulge all of my desires right away for fear of scaring him off if he thinks me wanting him to be slightly sweaty is sick or gross or something.

I realize how quiet it is in the house, only the beating sound of my heart vibrating in my head. I don't wait for any other instruction. I move closer and I immediately put my face in his balls. My hands on the floor, like a dog on all fours, nuzzling up to a nice warm place. I use my nose to nudge his balls to the side a little, my face in his groin where his legs meet. I breathe in deeply. Nice clean smell. I let my tongue slide out and take my first taste. The feel of his hairy balls on my tongue sends a shockwave through my body.

"That's it... get in there. I like how this is starting Steve. This has potential."

That's all I needed to hear. I bury my face in deeper, I move my mouth around on his balls, opening wide, lapping, licking... taking one of his big balls in my mouth and sucking on it slightly.

"Fuck yes, you really have been craving this for a while haven't you? Keep going. I'll tell you when to stop."

I obey and I wipe my entire face all over his ball sack. Licking, lapping. Slowly. Savoring. Not making much noise. I don't like the sound of slurping, just the sound of my tongue flattened out licking every inch of him. My hands are still on the floor, still only using my mouth. My nose does a fine job of moving his balls back and forth or up as I run my mouth all over and around tasting all of him. Breathing him in... getting past the aroma of soap, now starting to get the scent of the man himself. The musky scent of his balls... so fucking hot. I can't get enough. 
