 Some opportunities just present themselves. For example, my sister Brenda's friend's boyfriend's brother, Chad, showed up for my carefully planned beach trip, invited by the boyfriend who did not think that I'd need to know. The car we planned to take wouldn't hold all of us and our stuff so instead of being a bitch (which was plan A) and telling him to take a hike we drove two cars. The boyfriend paid for gas as his punishment.

My sister and her friend wouldn't ride separately and the boyfriend had to ride with them so a perfect stranger in an ugly ball cap climbed into the car with me. He was stoked, because I "had the coolest car I've ever seen and I've seen a lot of cars." Surely the 3 beers he'd consumed while we rearranged plans had nothing to do with it.

We are driving for maybe an hour and Chad told me all about his fitness regime (involves staring at girls in yoga pants at the gym and occasionally lifting some free weights) his mint condition (except for some rust) 1984 Ford something or other and the time he almost got backstage at a Kings Of Leon concert, before he had to piss ("like a racehorse," naturally.)

I pulled into the first gas station I saw and sat in the car, enjoying the respite from the stream of slightly-drunken consciousness that I'd been subjected to for 50-odd miles. When Chad climbed back in, he flashed his guns at me and stuck out his tongue.

"That chick in there almost gave me my Mountain Dew for free for a glance at these babies, but her boss was in there so she couldn't. She wanted a mustache ride, I could tell."

His nipple popped out of his makeshift muscle tee shirt and the picture was equal parts absurd and kinda hot. Sure, Chad was an obnoxious good ol' boy but he had hair in all the right places and when he slouched in his seat his cargo shorts rode up enough I could tell he had a beer can dick. I filed this info into my spank bank and pulled out of the parking lot.

Apparently Chad's aborted mustache ride got him going because he could talk about nothing but all the chicks he'd banged, eaten out or gotten head from (or totally could have if their boyfriends hadn't been there) for the next hour. I was beginning to think he didn't realized he was chatting with a gay guy who had little interest in cup sizes and descriptions of vaginal scents so his next comment came out of nowhere.

"I hear you suck dick. What's that like?"

I laughed at the non-sequitur and replied "Why, you thinking of trying it out sometime?"

"Dude, if I thought I could get off with a guy I'd do it in a heartbeat. Double the number of mouths I can get to suck me off? I can get down with that."

I decided against explaining how his math was flawed and segued into seduction mode.

"How do you know if you've never tried it?"

He raised his arms above his head and folded his hands behind it. His nipple popped out again, as if to let me know I was on the right path.

"You tryina hop on this dick, aintcha?"

"You offering a ride?"

The look in his eyes was like none I'd seen before. Arousal was there, but so was confusion and a little fear. I pulled into an abandoned strip mall and parked behind the building.

"I will stop any time you ask me to, but I think you will enjoy what's about to happen if you go with the flow."

I cupped his crotch with my hand and the firmness of what was under his shorts let me know I wasn't going to get any rejection just yet. I nuzzled the fuzz on his chest and flicked a tongue across his still exposed nipple. With a moan, he let out the breathe he'd been holding.

Grasping at his shirt and pulling it to the center of his chest to reveal his other nipple, I moved to tweak one while teasing the other with my tongue. His groans let me know I was doing something right. I moved my face into his armpit and inhaled his masculine scent, clouded with Old Spice. Also masculine, though less natural. I like the cleanliness , which is next to horniness not godliness I'll have you know.

When I felt his erection poking me in the stomach I knew it was time to move on to the main event. Not wanting to waste the horniness-and-beer-clouded lack of rejection, I yanked his shorts down and teased his underwear-shrouded cock head. I was right, it was thick but not real long and his Walmart special navy blue boxer briefs showed a big dot of precum leaking from it.

That final piece of clothing was quickly removed, in part to reveal the treasure at the end of his trail and in part because the illfitting and course textured cotton was offending my sense of fashion. Cargo shorts are bad enough, but would a soft stretch poly trunk kill these "straight" boys?

Thoughts of Andrew Christians left my head as a fat cock filled it instead. Chad bucked his hips and pushed it into my mouth as I swirled my tongue around the head. I flicked the back of head and he draw in a sharp breathe.

"I've never gotten head like this before!"

I removed my mouth long enough to reply "You've never gotten head from me before."

Returning to the task at hand, I took my hand and began massaging his taint while continuing to slather his dick with my saliva. I knew he was close, I could feel it in his balls. I pulled away, tempted to see how much further I could take this.

"You think you could help me out? Fair is fair, after all."

"Like how? You wanna get fucked?"

"That's an option, but you gotta get me ready first."

"What are you talking about? I thought gay guys were always ready for a dick in the ass?"

"First, not all gay guys even like dick in the ass. Luckily for you, I do like dick in the ass. I also like putting my dick in an ass, but I would understand if you are not interested in that scenario." His eyes widened. "But, like girls, you can't just wink and our holes are open for business. Plus, an asshole is extra tight and needs extra persuasion to accept that fat dick."

"Dude, you had me at 'I do like dick in the ass.' What do I have to do to fuck you?"

"First, climb in the back seat."

I pulled off my own shorts to reveal the jock brief I had luckily decided to wear. Don't ask me why, car rides make me horny and I had planned to take car of my own business when we got the beach so I dress slutty for myself. Don't judge.

Chad was ready and raring to go and before I could guide him, he reached over and gave me a slap on the ass. Oh yeah, this was gonna be good.

"I'm clean as a whistle down there, so either get that tongue and/or that finger and start working me out."

I bent over, purposefully spreading my cheeks in Chad's face in hopes he would just dive in mouth first. He did. His beard felt rough on my crack but in a good way. His tongue was fat like his dick and he was working my hole like he had been doing it for years. I'm guessing eating ass and eating pussy wasn't that different? I wouldn't know.

Soon, I was the one groaning. Chad breathing was heavy as well, I could feel the cool air expelling onto my taint and combined with the tickle of his beard it was almost enough to make me cum. I cried out "fuck me, dude, fuck me."

I didn't have to ask twice. He opened the car door to give himself some leverage by stepping outside the car. Grabbing me from behind he pulled me towards himself and wrapping his hairy arms around my chest, he began to poke his cock around my eager hole. 

"Wait," I said and reached across the front seat to the glove box to pull out a glove of the Trojan variety. I don't think that's why they call them glove boxes, but it worked for me. I had stashed a freebie pack of lube from some Pride event in there as well and without dislodging Chad's arms from me I squeezed some into my ass and handed him the condom.

Safe and still horny, he entered me. I hadn't been ridden in a while, I'd been playing top (OK, been taking care of my own business) since that New Year's Eve kiss with Brenda's trainer turned out to be an all night flip flop event followed by a dozen unreturned texts. Bastard. But that's another story.

Right now, I'm getting reamed by hairy, soft-bellied, camo-hat-wearing good ol' boy with a fat cock and, it turns out, a fetish for earlobe biting.

Just when I thought I couldn't take another thrust, Chad stopped. I turned my head with a quizzical look.

"Can I cum on your back, or do I have to do it in the rubber?" He looked like a little boy asking daddy if he can have a piece of candy before dinner. I'm nobody's dad so I don't like to disappoint little boys, and I rarely disappoint horny men for that matter.

"You can cum on my face for all I care. Just not inside my ass, safety first."

His face lit up and he rolled me over. We both began stroking, him standing just outside the care and I lying on the car seat, legs hanging out of the car. He shuddered and I sat up and licked the tip of his dick, sending him over the edge. Hot cum spurt all over my cheek and ear and onto my neck.

It was the impetus I needed to cum as well, spilling my load onto the gravel.

As I wiped the jizz from my face, Chad leaned onto the car beside my open door. He stared off into space for a moment and finally spoke.

"I've never fucked an ass before and no girl would ever let me do that," he said, gesturing to my slightly sticky complexion. "I liked it. And, if you liked it too, maybe we could do it again sometime. Maybe I'll even try sucking your dick but I'm not making any promises."

"Dude, if you wanted to try it, I'm still hard."

His eyes widened.

"I'm kidding, we still have to get to the beach with an excuse for why we're..." I checked my phone, "holy shit, 40 minutes behind schedule!"

Chad grinned. "Just tell 'em we both had to drain the main vein. It's not even a lie, nobody said I was draining piss out of him."