 The final chapter of Beach Trips, after Beach Trips & Road Head, Beach Trips & Sex On The Beach and Beach Trips & True Romance.

A burst of sunlight coupled with the sound of blinds being opened woke me suddenly. I sat up, aware of the smell of coffee and the sensation of nakedness. Chad sat on the edge of the bed, wearing a tank top, shorts and a huge grin. 

"Hey, sleepy. I didn't know how you took your coffee so I brought some creamers and all three colors of sugar up from the service office."

"I like my coffee like I like my men, fizzy and with a doctorate degree."

The confused look on Chad's face made me laugh out loud.

"Sorry. I don't drink coffee. I drink Dr Pepper in the morning. I have a couple in the little fridge."

"Oh, thank God. I drink Mt Dew in the mornings. I just figured you seemed so sophisticated and all that so you must drink coffee in the morning. Isn't that what adults do?"

"Not this one. And I don't know how you got the idea that I was sophisticated."

"I dunno, I thought all gay guys knew about theatre and shit."

The temptation to start belting Memories or Music Of The Night was almost too strong to resist. Instead, I just shook my head.

"First of all, not every gay guy knows about theatre." I mean, I know a thing or two about musicals but that wasn't the point. "And I want you to stop thinking of me as a 'gay guy' and start thinking of me as Andy. I think we've spent too much time fucking around and not enough hanging around. Getting to know you." I couldn't resist. "Getting to know all about you. Do you even know what I do for a living? Because I don't know anything about you."

"Does someone's job really tell you anything about them? Aren't we more than that?"

Woah, Chad was getting deep this morning.

"Ok, then just tell me something true about yourself. Anything."

A faraway look filled Chad's eyes.

"When I was 13 I wanted so much to seem manly. Grown up, you know. I wrote in a dairy, which in retrospect isn't the most manly thing, but I always left it out in the open. I never locked it. It was full of half true or all made up events that I was hoping someone would read, thinking they were getting my secrets. Stuff like stealing my dad's car in the middle of the night and joyriding or I cut myself shaving this morning and didn't even feel it. I wasn't even shaving yet. Anyone would probably tell right away that it wasn't true, but I was hoping they'd read it and think 'what a cool guy, he does all these wild things when no one's around.'"

"What happened when they did read it?"

"That's the stupid thing, no one ever did."

"Do you still write in a diary?"

"No, I put everything on Facebook."

Chad laughed at his own joke and I couldn't resist the way his face lit up. I sat up to lean in for a kiss when I remembered I hadn't gotten up to pee or get dressed or anything yet.

"Hold that thought."

I dashed into the bathroom and relieved myself. After brushing my teeth I debated whether to bother with clothing. Morning sex is my favorite kind but I didn't want to come on too strong. Besides, didn't I just say we needed to spend more time getting to know each other in the non-biblical sense? 

Determined to keep things PG-13 (for suggestive language and rude humor) I slipped into my swimming trunks, which had been laying on the floor since before my shower the night before.

Walking out of the bathroom, I was surprised by the sight of Robert and Chad sitting on the bed. I hadn't really paid attention to Robert's looks before. He was just a blur of annoyance in my mind. Sitting side by side, I could see the family resemblance but also spot the difference. Like those puzzles in Highlights magazine.

They had similar faces, but Robert's was thinner and his small mustache made it seem almost rat-like. Maybe I'm projecting. In fact Robert was thinner all together, not thick and solid like Chad. His hair was lighter and close cropped and I wondered if it curled when he it grew out. But they had the same eyes. Eyes that displayed every emotion felt like a film projector.

Chad's eyes held nervous excitement, but Robert's were annoyed. No, not annoyed. Pissed off. He saw me looking at him and tried to cover with a blank stare. I tried to remain nonchalant as I dug into my suitcase for a clean shirt.

"You boys have any plans today?" I asked in what I hoped was a disinterested tone.

"Just hitting the beach while the girls are going shopping." Robert squinted at me. "I guess you're going with them."

It wasn't a question as much as a statement. Or a command. I wondered how much Robert had guessed about what was going on between his brother and me. And if he had, maybe he could explain it to me.

***

Chad watched intently as Andy slipped into a shirt. He was glad he had taken a shower before he went down for the untouched coffee. He didn't know if Robert could sniff out what had happened the night before and he wasn't ready to have a conversation about it. He didn't even know how to put into words how he felt about Andy when he was with him, let alone explain it to someone else.

He'd never kept secrets from his brother before but he knew this would change everything. Robert rarely let a chance go by to rag on a "queer" or "sissy" and Chad wasn't ready to be the one he teased - or worse. He remembered his parents talking about Robert getting in trouble at school for beating up a gay kid. They didn't care what he had done as much as that he was getting suspension. Robert always said the kid started the fight and Chad never thought to question it before. 

"Hey, space cadet. Earth to Chad."

Chad looked around and realized he'd let his mind wander.

"You ready to go? The special snowflake is taking a shower so we should head down to the beach before he decides to invite himself along."

A wave of disappointment washed over Chad. He didn't want to leave Andy behind but maybe a few hours with just his brother would clear his head. He was too caught up in the sexual rush he felt when Andy was around to parse his feelings properly.

They made their way through the sun-drenched streets and down to the water's edge. Robert seemed disappointed that there were very few bikini-clad ladies out but he quickly set his sights on one while Chad splashed around by himself. 

The morning flew by and Chad came up out of the water to reapply sunscreen shortly before noon. He knew he waited too long but the water he'd felt so good and seemed to wash his worries away.

He flopped onto the towel and dug into his bag for his phone and the sunscreen. Robert sauntered over and sat next to him.

"Sometimes I wish Brenda had been the gay one instead of her brother. I could get her to join me and Michelle for a three-way. Not that Michelle has agreed to one either, but it would be easier to get her to agree to one with a friend. That's what the guys at work say, anyway. There is a girl over there who seemed very keen on the idea of a three-way but Michelle says she’s strictly dickly."

"Why are you talking to girls that aren't your girlfriend about three-ways?"

"A boy can dream. Plus, what do you know? You never had a girlfriend long enough to get to the 'let's talk about a three-way phase."

Chad laid back to soak up some sun. "I didn't know there was such a phase."

"Every guy wants a three-way. Almost every girl can be talked into one. You just gotta be smooth about it."

"You wouldn't know that first thing about smooth."

"Well, why don't you ask your boyfriend. I'll bet even pansies have three-ways."

Chad shot straight up. "B-b-boyfriend? What do you mean?"

"Relax, it was a joke. Of course you spent the night in the same room alone so I can only imagine what gross things he was thinking about doing to you."

Unbidden images of Andy, bent over and offering his musky hole for the feasting, flooded Chad's senses.

"Why are you so crude about him? He's just a dude like us."

"Because I know he's checking me out, looking for any opportunity to take advantage of my ass. And yours - I gotta protect my little brother from pervs."

Chad waved him off. "I'm not so little. In fact, I'm bigger than you now." He felt anger rising in him. He stood up. "I can take care of myself. In fact, I can hang out with any guy I want. I could even make out with him if I wanted to. It's NONE of YOUR business."

Robert narrowed his eyes. "What are you saying, Chad? Are you a faggot like him, too?"

"Don't you call him that! You shut your fucking mouth!"

"Faggot-lover. You want to take the queer's side over mine? Fine. You lovebirds can fuck off."

Robert stood to his full height and stomped off the beach. Chad's eyes followed him until he saw Andy, Brenda and Michelle coming down the boardwalk, narrowing missing running into him.

"Where'd Robert run off to?" Michelle asked.

"Back to the motel. He had to use the bathroom."

"Ew, thanks for the mental image."

The girls slipped out of their cover ups and dashed down to the water. Andy hung back, waiting to see what Chad was doing.

"You going back in the water?"

"You want to?"

"I mean, I did come the whole way down here for the beach. Of course, we can't do any of the things we did the last time we were here."

Chad chuckled. "Too bad. Race you down?"

***

Hours after we joined Chad on the beach, I still hadn't mustered up the courage to ask him what the real reason was Robert stormed off the beach. I knew he wasn't just in the bathroom, he'd been gone far too long for that. Michelle kept meaning to go up and text him and ask where he was but we were having too much fun just the four of us.

The sun was getting close to the horizon when Brenda suggested we start figuring out dinner. Michelle texted Robert to figure out where he was while the rest of us gathered our gear.

I got more and more nervous as we approached the motel. I didn't know what went on between Chad and his brother. Would we be walking into a storm of anger? 

The girls went into their room and I dropped our stuff into a corner. They said they would be showering and would let us know when they were ready to go. Michelle still hadn't heard anything from Robert and there was no sign of him in their room.

Chad waited outside of our room.

"What happened?"

Chad stared at the ground and dug his toe into the indoor/outdoor carpet. I moved closer.

"Whatever happened, I want to to be there for you. Did you guys have a fight?"

"He was saying terrible things about you. I couldn't just play along anymore. You... you mean a lot to me. I couldn't sit by and let him call you names again."

The whole story came spilling out. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I was kinda disappointed there were no fisticuffs. But I couldn't believe the difference between last night and today. I couldn't believe he stood up for me. For us.

Us. Why does that word keep coming to mind? It's not just a hookup anymore, is it?

"I'm a little scared he's in there waiting for us."

"Two against one. We can take him."

Chad's eyes widened.

"I'm kidding. I promise not to beat up your brother. Unless he tries to beat me up - then all bets are off."

Turns out, we didn't have to worry about beating anyone up or getting beat up. Robert wasn't in the room. He'd been there, though. A half dozen empty beer cans thrown in the general of the trash can and his mostly-dry swimsuit laying on the bathroom floor could attest to his presence.
I picked up the trunks and opened the shower door to hang them to dry.

"What the actual fuck?" I shouted.

Chad came racing in. We both peered into the tub, which was piled full of the contents of my suitcase. Sopping wet, sprayed down with shaving cream and what smelled like it could very well be piss.

Rage coursed through my body. My clothes, my toiletries - hell, even the copy of Playgirl Chad bought me - were soaked through. I stifled a scream but I felt like an animal caged, trapped in this bathroom with my pee-soaked clothing and a mortified Chad.

Pushing past him, I flopped down on the bed. I wanted to cry, I wanted to scream, I wanted to hit Robert. Too many emotions, I couldn’t even distinguish one from another. I could hear movement and water running in the bathroom but I was too emotionally exhausted to investigate.

Apparently I was physically exhausted as well, as it was nearly an hour later when Chad woke me by climbing into the bed next to me. From behind, he very gingerly put his arm around me and I pulled him closer. I needed to feel his presence, warm and sweet. He smelled of Curve Crush again and turned around to inhale deeply.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to fall asleep. What did I miss?"

"It's fine. I half expected you to slug me and I was kinda surprised to walk out of the bathroom to find you sleeping like an angel. I rinsed out all your clothes and took them to the laundromat. They are in the dryer now. I came back because I didn't want you to wake up and think I abandoned you."

"You didn't have to do that. It's not your problem."

"Are you kidding? You would've had a much better vacation if I'd never shown up."

"No, I was having the best vacation. Your brother is one who is fucking things up."

"Well, he's my brother so he's my problem."

"Are you your brother's keeper?"

"Yup. I'd be yours, too, if you needed one. I'd rather be yours, to be honest."

"You really are sweet. Can I keep you?"

What did I just say? God, I'm really dickmatized.

Chad's response was to hold me tight. He ran his fingers up and down my back. I shuddered with delight. His fingers made their way back down to my butt, which he squeezed. I pulled myself free enough to kiss him with a hunger. He responded in kind, his tongue parting my lips almost immediately. 

I could feel his cock harden between us as he drew my leg around his waist. I pulled my lips away to cry out as he slid his hand up my shorts.

*KWEEK*KWEEK*KWEEK

The sound of an alarm startled both of us from our hormone-fueled embrace. Fumbling in his pocket, Chad swiped the sound off.

“I guess the dryers done.” He rolled onto his back and exhaled a dramatic sigh.

Snuggling up into the crook of his arm and rest my face on his shoulder, I nuzzled his pit. 
“Clothes can get wrinkled, I’m in no hurry to get out of this bed.”

“No, we better go. But hold that thought.” he replied with a wicked grin.

It was probably just my slowly softening dick thinking, but I melted at the unrestricted flash of teeth. Here we go again…

***

Chad was still at half chub as the guys walked the couple blocks over to the laundromat. This part of town was almost deserted, but down the block the sound of a steel drum band and laughter of outdoor diners reminded him that they weren’t completely alone. And with Robert God-knows-where he pushed his carnal needs away to stay alert.

“These dryers suck.” Andy’s voice pulled him out of his reverie. “They need at least another twenty minutes.”

Chad dug into his pocket for more quarters. He leaned against one of the washers and watched Andy slip the coins in and restart the dryers. Why was he feeling so protective? He never felt this way about anyone before. Was this love? Chad never put much stock in love-at-first-sight but this was more than lust. There was an energy that sparked from the first moment he climbed into his car only days ago. He could feel the irresistible pull as Andy walked over to him.

Chad looked out the windows to the empty street. They were alone in this laundromat. The vibration of the washing machine up the row indicated someone was returning at some point, though. The timer said 21 minutes.
“Looks like we have twenty minutes to kill.” Andy said, reading his mind. They really were in sync. He grabbed Chad’s hand and walked down to the running machine. He leaned against in, feeling the vibrations move through both and he pulled him in for a deep kiss.

Pressed for time, both men moved quickly. Chad flooded Andy’s neck with kisses before dropping to his knees to unbuckle his man’s belt. Burying his face into Andy’s underwear, he inhaled the masculine scent. The aroma of sweat and sex drove him crazy. He yanked away the fabric that separated him from his hardened prize. A groan rose from Andy’s lips as Chad swallowed his entire cock down to the root.

“Oh, fuck. That’s it baby.”

Encouraged, Chad continued to bob up and down on the slick member. He felt tears spring to his eyes as he attempted to deep throat the whole thing again but soldiered on a few more times before pulling off and stroking the shaft instead. He flicked his tongue across the other man’s head, lightly tonguing the spot where the head meets the shaft.

Andy’s breathing intensified. He glanced around wildly to make sure they were still alone. The vibration of the washing machine felt great against his bare ass. If he’d had a suction cupped dildo with him, he’d gladly have slapped it on there and fucked himself senseless while watching Chad on his knees. For a guy only giving his second blow job, he was really improving. Andy could feel his nipples harden with pleasure as he felt his orgasm rising inside him.

“Oh God, Chad. I’m gonna cum.”

“Do it, baby. Come in my mouth.”

***

Woah, did he really say that? Chad was as full of surprises as his mouth was full of my dick. And, oh God, oh GOD OH MY GODDDDDDD! Now his mouth was also full of my semen. 

Fuck, that was hot. Chad eyes grew wide as he pulled off my spent dick and actually swallowed the semen. What a trooper! Real husband material. Shit, stop getting ahead of yourself. We have the prospective brother-in-law and some hopefully dry clothing to take care of.

I glanced at the washer’s timer and realized the person who was washing clothes would probably be back any moment. I pulled Chad to standing position and kissed his lips, tasting a hint of my own cum on them. Yanking my pants back on, I whispered “I’ll take care of you later.”

We folded my clothes quickly as the facilities filled up with patrons doing their laundry. I tried to suppress the color rising in my cheeks as I realized how close we came to being caught with my pants down. I caught Chad’s eye and realized he was thinking the same thing.

We gathered my clothing and walked out into the cooling autumn air. The smell of the ocean floated around us as Chad draped an arm over my shoulders. I leaned into it and slid an arm around his back, giving his butt a light caress in the same motion. He kissed my forehead. Is this what love was like? This wasn’t sexual, this was emotional. My heart was so full, it couldn’t help but spill out onto this awkwardly charming young man. 

We started up the stairs to our floor of the motel when I heard a voice that made my heart sink.

Robert and the girls were standing in the doorway of their room as we rounded the corner. He was gesturing wildly as we grew close enough to hear him.

“...now my brother thinks he’s a faggot too! This is all your fault, Brenda!”

“Hold it, fucker! First, you brought your brother along so if there was a fault to be had, it’d be yours. But it’s no one’s fault. If your brother wants to kiss or hook up with my brother, more power to him. At least he’s not a self-centered homophobe with a below average dick like YOU!”

With that, Robert turned and saw the two of us. His already enraged face grew even more red as he took a step toward us, arms swinging.

But one step was all he took, as Michelle swiftly stuck her leg out and tripped him. He toppled to the floor, his arms flailing like a cartoon character. Before he could fully rise again, Chad grabbed him by the shoulder and landed one punch on his face.

“Don’t you ever dare call either one of us a faggot again! Andy is ten times the man you’ll ever be and I don’t know if I love him or just like him or what I’m doing but I’ll be damned if you ever hurt him.”
