 I walked along the breach for a few miles to get away from other bathers and sun seekers. After I passed the deserted section the beach, I continued for about another mile and eventually found and settled at an isolated spot near the plant growth about fifty feet back from the waterline. I spread out a wide beach towel, stripped all my clothes off and went in for a swim and some underwater sightseeing among the submerged rock formations. 

Twenty minutes later as I walked up the beach and sat on the towel, a man aged about 20, less than half my age, appeared over the sand dunes from behind me and stopped when he saw me. 

'Hi,' he said. 'I didn't know there was anyone nearby.'

He appeared to be surprised and a little shocked at my nakedness. 

'Are you offended by my nakedness. I'm sorry. I can dress if it's a problem.'

'I've never seen another man naked in a public place.'

'It's hardly public.' I said. 'I walked a long way to get away from the other swimmers. Tell me if you're uncomfortable and I'll dress. My name's Bryson.'

G'day. Mine's Mitchell. Most people call me Mitch. I've wanted to go naked for a swim one day myself, but I always lose my nerve at the last moment.'

I could remember when I had been like that but, had gotten over it some time ago. I understood his reluctance. 

I said, 'I think I can help you to do it the first time. We go into the water's edge together and you take your bathers off in the water and wrap them around your hand and swim around like that for a while. I'll wait until you're ready to leave. You can decide whether to remain naked as you come back to the beach.'

'Would you? I think I could manage that. I think that would make it easier Bryson. I think the time to do it is now before I change my mind,' he said with resolve in his voice.

The warmth of the day had relaxed my penis and it was hanging down almost to it's full seven inches. Mitchell's Speedos gave no hint at the size of his penis. I wasn't even expecting I would see it. Sexual activity was the last thing on my mind. I was just trying to be helpful. Still I was curious and wondered how our private equipment would compare. 

We walked to the water's edge and Mitchell tried the temperature with his feet. He gradually walked in and stopped when the water was at mid thigh. He surprised me by removing his bathers and waving them to me. 

I walked in and joined him and said, 'Give me your bathers now they're off. We'll leave them on the sand and have a bit of freedom in the water.'

When I returned, he said, 'It's easier than I thought Bryson. All I needed was to just do it. Right?'

We swam and dived between one another's spread legs underwater and I showed him handstands and somersaults in the water. We were laughing and splashing like kids half his age. 

'How much fun is this!' he said with a wide grin. 

'You know what's excellent fun naked in the water Mitch?' I teased with a grin spreading over my face now? 'Swimmimg, but with an erection.'

'How could I get a hard on in this water? It feels too cold for that to even happen.'

'The trick is buoyancy. If you can float high for a minute or so the rest takes care of itself. Here Mitch. Let me show you.'

I moved closer to him and said, 'Lie on your back in the water. I can lift you a little higher.'

'Are you sure? I've never let a man touch me before, let alone when I'm naked.'

'It's just a suggestion to help you get an hard on so you can try swimming erect.'

'Is it that good?' he asked doubtfully.

'I love it myself. The only chance to do it alone is in a private swimming pool. Want to give it a try?'

'I guess so. It seems like this is a day of firsts for me Bryson. What do I do?'

'Lie on your back, hands behind your head, bend your knees, and I'll do the rest. Then if you get a hard on, you swim away about 8 or more strokes as fast as you can and feel the force of the water flowing past your cock. If you're anything like me, you'll love it.'

With the water just below chest height, he floated next to me on his back. I placed my left hand below his lower back and lifted him higher than he would normally float so that his penis was well clear of the water and in full view. 

'I'll try and help you with your erection Mitchell. Keep still and try and relax.'

'Are you going to touch my penis Bryson? I think I would die if another man touched me down there.'

'I'll only touch it if you don't get a stiff cock without any help and only with your permission. Agreed?' I asked.

'I guess.'

'Good.'

After about 5 seconds, which seemed like a long time, his cock remained short and shrivelled as I thought it might. I thought it might be a little embarrassing for him. I decided to risk asking him if I could play with it. The worst he could do was to say 'No.'

'Would you like me to give it a bit of encouragement Mitch? Tell me what this feels like.'

I held the head of his circumcised cock and pulled it gently in all directions and then held it half way along his shaft between the second and third fingers of my right hand. I vibrated the end of it gently but quickly left and right and could feel it become more rigid in my hand. I could feel myself growing in sympathy with his arousal. His cock grew to just over 4 inches, and had a distinct bend to his left. Holding the helmet end of his emerging swelling cock, I moved it to a central position, straightening it lightly in my swivelling fist, it hardened and completely solidified in my hand. My cock responded invisibly under the water until it was throbbing also. 

'Right, Mitchell. You've done it. Your cock is very hard and looks to be ready for anything. Off you go for a swim and tell me how it feels.

He seemed a little reluctant to move until I turned him over and said, 'Go! Ten strong strokes then rest.'

I followed him for the short sprint and turned over on my back as he slowed to let him see my hard on. I was disappointed when he didn't look.

Resuming my feet, the water now concealing my reducing state of arousal, I said, 'I had a hard on like you so I did the same as I suggested you do. How was it?'

'It felt great. If I could swim like that for a minute, it would probably make me come. Even then I came close but I ran out of breath.' 

'I'm in favour of a rest on the beach.'

'Me too. This was great fun Bryson. Thanks for your suggestions.'

The cold water took its effect and neither of us had erections as we emerged from the water but had shrivelled penises. We made our way out of the sea and he picked up his bathers and surprisingly, didn't put them back on, but carried them in his hand. It seemed he had become more comfortable to be naked. 

'Get your stuff and join me here on the beach. The few passers by won't worry if they see naked bodies this far from the crowded sections'. 

He returned a minute later and spread his towel out next to mine, about three feet away.

'Don't we look different now,' I said as we both inspected our reduced members. We look like old men all shrivelled up like this,' I said chuckling. 'Let me do that erection thing for you again and get rid of these wrinkles.

'No thanks Bryson. Once was enough for my first day naked in public.'

'Your great looking cock gets so hard. And here's the thing. When you get hard, I get hard too. We would probably both be swollen up at the same time. Two stiffies. How would that be?'

'Are you gay Bryson?' It sounded like he was checking to see if I was some kind of creature from another world, preying on him and ready to consume him in one bite..

'Well I have a girlfriend, but a stiffy is fun any time as far as I can see. I couldn't have a relationship with a man, but men's bodies can be worth a look sometimes. I bet you've checked out other bodies at the gym or swimming pool or beach sometimes, right? We all do that much at least.'

'I suppose I do. Yes.'

'Lie back on your towel, feet wide apart to help you relax, and put your hat over your eyes to keep the sun out and leave the rest to me,' I said with a quiet laugh, 'Just like before.'

I love short hard cocks. I can fit one in my mouth without its length causing a gagging reflex. I knew I wouldn't get Mitchell past the semi erect state without him stopping me. Getting him to let me hold his erect cock in my hand before was more than enough for me. 

I handed him his hat as he reclined on his towel and to my surprise, he moved his legs apart without any further prompting. I knelt between his legs and began tracing large light circles on his stomach moving down gradually as I proceeded. 

His shrivelled penis began to assume funny angles as his arousal defeated the wrinkled state of his inviting little cock. I lightly brushed the pubic hair in the light bush at the base of his belly. Then I moved to his legs and his cock began to fill with the blood of his rising arousal. It gradually hardened as I slowly and very lightly brushed the hair on his large egg shaped balls, then began to levitate of its own kinetic energy. 

I felt that this was the opportune time to take this further. I had no idea he would permit me to let him advance this far, and I was ready to take this as far as it would go. If I was any example to use as a typical male, he would not be capable of making rational decisions once he had a hard on. 

Maybe if he felt his cock in a wet environment, my mouth, he would be too far gone to have the presence of mind to formulate an objection. 

I held his cock lightly at the base with my thumb and first finger, pointed straight up, away from his body and said, 'Keep your eyes closed and tell me how this feels, Mitchell. I think you'll like it.'

He continued to lay still, but I could tell he was totally uncomfortable with his erect penis exposed to another man and a virtual stranger as well. I slowly placed the end of his cock inside my mouth so all he could feel was my warm breath. I held it that way for a full minute, then I began licking it just back from the purple swollen head below the 'V' shaped part of his short bent cock. 

Once again, it hardened even further as I moved it to a straightened position. He began sighing as his response rose sharply. 

I removed my mouth to prolong his out of control arousal, holding his cock at the base, observing the bend to my right, his left. 

I said, 'You mustn't come in my mouth Mitchell. What ever happens you have to tell me when you're going to come. Hear what I'm saying?'

His hat covering his face moved as he nodded and whispered, 'Yes.'

Of course, nothing continued to make any sense. In his right mind, he would never let anybody see him naked, much less with an erection. Letting someone touch his penis would be out of the question. But he found himself gradually more and more compromised and now his cock was in the mouth of a complete stranger who he knew nothing about. 

All he knew if he could make sense of anything, was he seemed to be unable to stop. 

Once again, I straightened his cock with my fingers, feeling it gain that degree of hardness again. I lowered my face to his cock and began to lick that sensitive 'V'. 

Almost immediately he cried out, 'You must stop Bryson. I'M GOING TO COME. YOU HAVE TO STOP.'

Making a long low 'MMMMMMMM' sound adding vibration to his sensation, I continued to lightly lick the trigger area of his cock and was rewarded with four long copious squirts of warm semen in my mouth. 

I removed my face from his cock swallowing his delicious load, and watched in silence as he continued rutting while his aftershocks continued to affect him. 

He recovered his senses and reached for his clothes to dress as quickly as he could. 

He muttered, 'I have to go,' and walked away quickly. 

I called after him, 'I'll be here at the same time next week.' 

Mitch seems like a good kid. I doubt if I'll see him again, but if I do I would love to suck that hard little cock again. He ejaculated very quickly. It was probably because he was doing something taboo for the first time. By telling him not to come in my mouth he must have been feeling under added pressure.