 This is a story in a series, but from the perspective of Mitchell, the other man involved in the beach encounter. It reads differently from the viewpoint of the prey.

Mitchell's going swimming.

This was the third time I came to this spot, over a mile from where the popular area where most people went swimming. I often wondered what it would be like to swim naked at the beach somewhere. Of course it would need to be an isolated place. I would never go against convention and just do it wherever I felt like it. Even out here, I have been too scared to even walk down to the sea naked, but I feel I'm getting closer to it. I have always been a shy person and I'm aware I miss opportunities, but the wish to swim naked at the beach won't go away. 

I found my usual place out of sight of the sandy part of the beach by moving behind the salt tolerant foliage in the sand dunes. I went for a swim a few times and whilst there were several times when I swam in the sea, and came out again, I did not see one person and knew inside myself I could have had my naked swim without being seen.

I had been dozing for about 30 minutes and sunning myself in the sand dunes after about my third or forth swim, and I thought I would remove my bathers and at least look over the dunes to see if anyone was in sight. Once again my nerve failed me and I stepped back into my costume and began to approach the water. 

As I walked over the apex of the last dune before the beach, I saw a middle aged man totally naked and seemingly unselfconscious about being seen. He was sitting on his towel. Judging by his hair, he looked to have been swimming. There was a snorkel and flippers, beside him, which were still wet. 

I was surprised to find someone else settled so close to the place I had come to a number of times.

I must have shown my surprise when I said, 'Hi. I didn't know there was anybody here.'

He said, 'Me too. Are you offended by my nakedness. I can dress if you are.'

He seemed polite and considerate. 

I replied, 'No, but I've never seen another man naked in public?'

'It's not public here. I came a long way to get away from other people. I can dress if you like. My name's Bryson.'

'Mine's Mitchell, or just Mitch. I've wanted to swim naked like you, but I keep losing my nerve at the last moment.'

He seemed to understand when he said, 'I think I can help you to do it the first time. We go to the water's edge together and you take your bathers off in the water where no-one can see, and wrap them around your hand and swim around like that for a while. I'll wait until you're ready to leave. You can decide whether to remain naked as you come back to the beach.'

'Would you? I think I could manage that. I think that would make it easier Bryson. Maybe the time to do it is now before I change my mind.'

His penis and it was hanging down almost seven inches compared to my very short one. 

We walked to the water's edge and I tried the temperature with my feet. I gradually walked in and stopped when the water was at mid thigh. I surprised myself by removing my bathers and waving them to him. 

He followed me into the sea and said, 'Give me your bathers now they're off. We'll leave them on the sand and have a bit of freedom in the water.'

When he returned, I said, 'It's easier than I thought Bryson. All I needed was to just do it. Right?'

We swam and dived between one another's spread legs underwater and he showed me handstands and somersaults in the water. We were laughing and splashing like kids half my age. 

'How much fun is this!' I said grinning. 

'You know what's excellent fun naked in the water Mitch?' he said with a grin spreading over his face now. 'Swimming, but with an erection.'

I couldn't believe what he just said. If it was even possible, it would mean having a stiffy in front of another person, and a man in fact. I knew that would never happen in this situation. 

I said, 'How could I get a hard on in this water? It feels too cold for that to even happen.'

'The trick is buoyancy. If you can float high for a minute or so the rest takes care of itself. Here Mitch. Let me show you.'

He moved closer to me and said, 'Lie on your back in the water, Mitch. I can lift you a little higher.'

That would mean he would have a close view of my penis. I thought I would be too self-conscious to let that happen. 

But on consideration, he seemed to be totally comfortable for me to see his cock. 

Reconsidering my inhibitions, I said, 'Are you sure? I've never let a man touch me before, especially when I'm naked.'

'It's just a suggestion to help you get an hard on so you can try swimming erect.'

'Is it that good?' I asked doubtfully. I couldn't believe what I was saying and tacitly agreeing to. I guess the use of my name prompted me to trust him. 

'I love it myself. The only chance I get to do it alone is in a private swimming pool. Would you like to give it a try?'

'I guess so. It seems like this is a day of firsts for me Bryson. What do I do?'

'Lie on your back, hands behind your head, bend your knees, and I'll do the rest. Then if you get a hard on, you swim away about 8 or more strokes as fast as you can and feel the force of the water flowing past your cock. If you're anything like me, you'll love it.'

My God! He said the word 'COCK'. With the water just below chest height, I was able to float next to him on my back. He placed his left hand below my lower back and lifted me higher than I would normally float. My penis was well clear of the water and in full view. But somehow it had no effect on the soft state of my thingy.

'I'll try and help you with your erection Mitchell. Keep still and try and relax.'

'Are you going to touch my penis Bryson? I think I would die if another man touched me down there.'

'Not at all. I'll only touch it if you don't get a stiff cock without any help and only with your permission. Agreed?' he asked.

'I guess.'

'Good.'

After about 5 seconds, which seemed like a long time, my cock remained short and shrivelled as I thought it might. 

'Would you like me to give it a bit of encouragement Mitch? Tell me what this feels like.'

He held the head of my cock and pulled it gently in all directions. My God. What was happening to me? I resisted the impulse to slap his hand away but I covered my penis with my hands restricting his very personal, uninvited treatment of my most personal sex organ.

'You'll be better balanced with your hands behind your head Mitch,' he said smiling. He was in no way discouraged or disappointed in my actions restricting his intentions. He gently used his free hand to move my hands away from my cock, one at a time and smiled at me to reassure me nothing would hurt. 

'Close your eyes and just experience all your feelings as I try and help you work up an erection.' 

After almost a full minute, I was able to close my eyes in the calm water. Bryson then held my cock half way along my shaft between the second and third fingers of his right hand. He vibrated the end of it gently but quickly left and right and I wanted to die as I could feel it become more rigid in his hand. He held the helmet end of my emerging swelling cock, He moved it to a central position, straightening it lightly in his swivelling fist. It hardened and completely solidified in his hand. 

'Right, Mitchell. You've done it. Your cock is very hard and looks to be ready for anything. Off you go for a swim and tell me how it feels.

He surprised me when he turned me over and said, 'Go! Sprint ten strong strokes then rest.'

He followed me. When we stopped, he raised himself to a position floating on his back to show me his swollen seven inch long very thick cock. I could see it but pretended not to. I didn't want to be caught looking at another man with a stiffy. He said, 'I had a hard on like you so I did the same as I suggested you do. How was it?'

'It almost made me come but I ran out of breath. It felt great. If I could swim hard for a whole minute, that would be very nice.' 

'I'm in favour of a rest on the beach.'

'Me too. This was good fun Bryson. Thanks for your suggestions.'

The cold water took its effect and neither of us had erections as we emerged from the water. We had short shrivelled penises. We made our way out of the sea and I picked up my bathers. I didn't put them back on, but carried them in my hand. I was becoming more comfortable to be naked. 

'Get your stuff and join me here on the beach,' he said. 'The few passers by won't worry if they see naked bodies this far from the crowded sections'. 

I returned a minute later still without anything on, and spread my towel out next to his, about three feet away.

'Don't we look different now,' he said as we both inspected our reduced members. 'We look like old men all shrivelled up like this,' he said chuckling. 'Let me do that erection thing for you again and get rid of these wrinkles.

'No thanks Bryson. Once was enough for my first day naked in public.'

'Your great looking cock gets so hard. And here's the thing. When you get hard, I get hard too. We would probably both be swollen up at the same time. Two stiffies. How would that be?'

'Are you gay Bryson?' It sounded like I was accusing him of being some kind of creature from another world, preying on me and ready to consume me in one bite.

'Well I have a girlfriend, but a stiffy is fun any time as far as I can see. I couldn't have a relationship with a man, but men's bodies can be worth a look sometimes. I bet you've checked out other bodies at the gym or swimming pool or beach sometimes, right? We all do that much at least.'

'I suppose I do. Yes.'

'Lie back on your towel, feet wide apart to help you relax, and put your hat over your eyes to keep the sun out and leave the rest to me,' he said with a quiet laugh, 'Just like before.' 

He handed me my hat as I reclined on my towel but I left my legs together, just so he couldn't take me for granted as though I would concur with any suggestion he made. He knelt beside me and began tracing large light circles on my stomach moving down gradually as he proceeded. 

I could feel my cock filling and became very self-conscious that Bryson could see it happen. He lightly brushed my pubic hair. Then he moved to my legs and gently moved my feet apart. He knelt down between my wide-spread legs. 

My cock began to fill with the blood of my rising arousal. It gradually hardened as he slowly and very lightly brushed the hair on my balls. That seemed to cause my cock to begin to stiffen and swell up with a mind of its own. 

I felt so embarrassed. My cock is only about 4 or 5 inches long. I had nothing to be proud of. 

I opened my mouth to say, 'Please stop touching me down there Bryson,' but nothing came out. 

He held my cock lightly at the base with his thumb and first finger, pointed straight up, away from my body and said, 'Keep your eyes closed and tell me how this feels, Mitchell. I think you'll like it.'

I stayed still, but I was totally uncomfortable with my erect penis exposed to another man and a virtual stranger as well. I thought I could feel warm breath on my cock. 

He held it still for a full minute, then I felt it to be in a soft wet environment. Somehow I had let a virtual stranger put my penis inside his mouth. He began licking it just down from the purple swollen head below the 'V' shaped part of my short bent cock. My whole body stiffened and I couldn't control my arousal rising alarmingly. 

Once again, it hardened even further as he moved it to a straightened position. I thought I was going to cry as my response rose sharply. 

He took it out of his mouth and must have been looking at it. 

He said, 'You mustn't come in my mouth Mitch. What ever happens you have to tell me when you're going to come. Hear what I'm saying?'

I couldn't speak so I just nodded and whispered, 'Yes.'

Of course, nothing continued to make any sense. In my right mind, I would never let anybody see me naked, much less with an erection. Letting someone touch my penis would be out of the question. But I found myself gradually more and more compromised and now my cock was in the mouth of a complete stranger who I knew nothing about. All I knew was I seemed to be unable to stop. 

Once again, he straightened my cock with his fingers, feeling it gain that degree of hardness again. He lowered his face to my cock and began to lick that sensitive 'V'. 

I called out, 'You must stop Bryson. I'M GOING TO COME. YOU HAVE TO STOP.'

Making a long low 'MMMMMMMM' sound adding vibration to my sensation, he just continued to lightly lick the trigger area of my cock. I was no longer able to stop my self any more. 

I cried out VERY loudly, 'Stop Bryson. I'M COMIIINNNNGGGG.' 

I could feel my face getting hot and pleasure coursed through my whole body. I could no longer stop my self from squirting four long copious gushes of semen in his mouth. 

I continued twitching for another minute, and then felt totally ashamed to have let someone suck my cock, and make me come right inside his mouth. 

All I could think of was to get dressed as fast as I could and get away from there. 

After I had slowly replaced all my clothing, I said, 'I have to go,' and walked away quickly. 

He called after me, 'Nice meeting you Mitch. I might see you around.' 

One thing I knew for sure. I would never let that happen again.