 David walked up the steps to the house and paused. All was quiet, Richard was nowhere to be seen, and neither was Cormac.

"Hello?" David called out.

"Come on in," he heard Cormac's voice. He stepped inside the house and found Cormac sitting at the table, drinking coffee.

"Want a cup?" 

"Sure." David couldn't resist Richard's coffee.

"Just a warning, it's not Richard's." Cormac smiled at David grimace.

"I'll pass," Cormac chuckled and sipped again, grimacing himself. 

"That's probably a good idea," Cormac set his own cup down.

"Where's Richard?" David asked.

"He's out shopping. I also gave him the day off, he deserves some free time," Cormac shrugged.

"What?" Cormac asked when David only answered by smiling at him silently.

"You care about Richard," David taunted, poking him in the shoulder.

"Ow, and no I don't," Cormac tried to shrug it off.

"Oh yes, you do. Come on, admit it. You care about him. No matter how rough you are on the outside, you care about him and his feelings," David poked him again.

"Stop that," Cormac pushed his hand away. David just sat there smiling and chuckling quietly. Cormac rolled his eyes.

"Lets go do something today. Richard has a day off, you could use one too," David suggested. Cormac looked up at him from the newspaper.

"I don't think so," he shook his head.

"Come on, I know you're scared, but who cares what other people think? We don't even have to go out in public, lets just go have a picnic in the back. You have like three trillion miles of land out there," David laughed. Cormac sighed and tried to think of a way out of it.

"Come on. I'll make the food," David begged. Cormac sighed.

"Alright. But just out on my property," Cormac said.

"Yes!! I'll go make the food, you go find a basket and a blanket or something," David practically skipped into the kitchen. 

After making the food, David packed it all into a basket and grabbed the blanket.

"Come on." Cormac growled and followed him outside. They went around to the back and walked a good distance before David stopped and laid out the blanket Cormac sat and David handed him a sandwich.

"Thank you," Cormac smiled.

"It's just a sandwich," David shrugged with a mouthful of ham.

"No, I mean thank you for getting me out. I... It's been a long time," Cormac said.

"How long?"

"'About two years," Cormac frowned.

"Damn." David didn't hide his surprise and confusion. Cormac sighed.

"My boyfriend was abusive," Cormac said.

"What?"

"How I got the scars, I know you're curious."

"Well, yeah. But you don't have to tell me if you don't want to," David added.

"I don't mind. You've been a good friend and I hope we will stay friends, after the fountain is done."

"We will." David smiled. Cormac returned the smile and bit into his sandwich.

"So your boyfriend did that to you?" David asked hesitantly, pointing to Cormac's face.

"Yeah. He was jealous, and a little drunk, and went farther than he normally did. It was my own fault, I should have left him long before it got to that," Cormac sighed.

"Can't argue there. But you didn't, it's the past, and you can't change it. Did Richard know?" David asked.

"Yes, I would get mad whenever he told me I should leave him. So eventually he stopped telling me and just bandaged me up whenever he got pissed. He was always there for me. He was the one who found me after..." Cormac pointed to his face.

"He's a really good friend. He loves you," David said.

"I know. He was always like a big brother to me. Growing up I spent a lot of time with him and he always helped me with any problems I had. I don't know where I would be without him," Cormac smiled. David admired his beautiful smile and leaned in for a kiss. Their lips met and he felt Cormac gasp and he slowly pushed his tongue into his warm mouth.

"Woah!" they heard a shout from behind them and saw Richard run up.

"Who are you and what have you done with Cormac?" he shouted.

"Richard, its me," Cormac laughed.

"Lies! False! Untrue! Cormac is allergic to sunlight and fresh air!" Richard stood in a defensive stance like he was ready to fight.

"I managed to get him outside today." David smiled and leaned back. Richard straightened up and looked a David before throwing his hands out.

"I have been trying to do that for seven years!" Richard exclaimed.

"You just don't have the magic touch. You're welcome to join us though, I made enough food," David scooted over. Richard thought for a moment before taking a seat between the two.

"So what was I interrupting? I was pretty sure I saw some face to face action there..." Richard smiled.

"Drop it, Richard," Cormac growled. David smiled at him and Cormac smiled back. David winked and Cormac blushed.

"Aw, you two are SO cute!" Richard smiled.

"Right, so how are you and Jennifer?" Cormac nudged him.

"Good, our anniversary is coming up," Richard smiled.

"Oh, what are you guys going to be doing?" 

"Nothing, I have to work that day."

"Have you totally forgotten that I'm your boss? You can have the day off Richard, you should have just asked." 

"Well you're hopelessly lost without me, I worry!" Richard threw his hands up.

"I was doing fine today!" Cormac smiled.

"Don't worry Richard. Whenever you need a break I will watch him." 

"Aw, thank you David. Just remember, no R rated movies, no sweets before dinner, and in bed by 8:30." Richard wagged his finger at David.

"Got it."

"I'm still here you know," Cormac pushed Richard playfully.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"David!" Richard called as he was walking home. David waited for him to catch up.

"I want to thank you for what you did today. I haven't seen him that happy in a LONG time," Richard hugged him.

"I had fun. And I'm glad he did to,." David smiled.

"You don't know what you did today," Richard emphasized, "It's literally been years since he left his house. I think he really cares for you. I haven't seen him smile in... I just mean..." Richard paused and looked at him. "Thank you." Richard hugged him again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"What?" Cormac glared at Richard. He had been staring at him for several minutes with just a stupid smile on his face.

"Nothing," Richard shrugged. He continued to dust off the large piano while Cormac wrote down a few notes. Soon Cormac could feel his eyes on him again and looked up to see that dumb smile still plastered to his face.

"What?" he shouted, throwing down the pencil.

"It's just that you were so happy today! Seeing you smiling, out in the sun, with a man," Richard raised his eyebrows at the last part.

"I'm not getting into another relationship, Richard," Richard pouted.

"But-"

"No buts. The End. Fin. No more. Bye bye." Cormac picked up the papers and put them in the folder.

"But he cares for you and I know that you like him," Richard followed him up the large stairs.

"Leave me alone, Richard," Cormac said, without turning around to look at him.

"No, I'm not leaving until you admit that you have feelings for him." Richard followed him down the hallway.

"No."

"Cormac."

"No."

"Would you wait."

"No."

"You can't run away from this."

"No," Cormac slammed the door in Richards face. He heard Richard sigh.

"He loves you and you can't hide from love forever, Cormac. You don't stop cooking every time you get burned do you?" 

"I don't cook," he heard from behind the closed door.

"Thats not the point. You were hurt once, bad. But come on. He wants to treat you well. He's a nice guy." Richard put his arm on the door and leaned his head on it. 

"Go away."

"No, I'm not giving up on you. Have I ever?" Richard sighed. He fell forward suddenly when the door opened unexpectedly and was met with Cormac's enraged face.

"Do you really want to pick me up off the floor and drag my ugly ass to the hospital again? Do you want to watch me cry myself to sleep every night? Do you want to feed me, bathe me, and clean my wounds for months again?" Cormac shouted. Richard stayed silent for a moment, looking at Cormac silently.

"You're not ugly. You already cry yourself to sleep every night. And I never minded doing those things when you needed me," Richard admonished. Cormac stared at him silently before walking to the closet and tugging his shirt off. As he reached for another shirt, Cormac looked at the single large scar across his chest.

"I can't be hurt again, Richard. I hardly survived the first time." Tears began falling down Cormac's face. "I can't do it again. I just cant." Richard walked across the room and held Cormac to his chest while he sobbed.

"I'm sorry," Cormac sniffed and wiped the tears from his eyes.

"It's alright." Richard let him go. "Get into bed," Richard said. He pulled the blankets over Cormac, tucking him in.

"You really are too good to me, Richard." Cormac snuggled deeper into his bed. Richard smiled.

"What would you do without me?" 

"I'm sure I could live without being tucked in. I am twenty-seven."

"Well then," Richard pulled back the covers.

"Hey!" Cormac pouted. Richard laughed before tucking him in again.

"You forget how nice it is being treated like a kid sometimes," Cormac laughed.

"I know you would do the same for me." 

"Tomorrow night," Cormac promised.

"Good night."

"Night, Richard. Thank you." 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Dad, do you like Cormac?" Aiden asked as David tucked him in. David looked at him silently.

"Yeah."

"Then why don't you go out on a date with him?"

"Because, he isn't ready for that yet." David smiled down at his son.

"When will he be ready?"

"I don't know." 

"Will you wait for him?" Aiden turned his head to the side. David thought for a second.

"Yes." 

"What will make him ready?" Aiden asked.

"I don't know," David answered honestly. "Go to bed." He kissed him on the forehead and turned out the lights as he walked out of the room.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Morning!" David called out, as he walked into the large house.

"Good morning, David!" he heard Richard from inside the kitchen.

"Morning," Cormac grunted before returning to his work. David smiled and walked over to the piano.

"What ya doin?" David smiled. Cormac glanced up at him with scowl that slowly softened into a smile.

"Composing," Cormac said simply.

"Can I hear?" David took a seat on the piano bench next to Cormac. He could feel their arms touching lightly and his heart sped up. He could have sworn he heard Cormac give a soft gasp. But shrugged it off.

"I don't know..." Cormac seemed almost embarrassed.

"Come on, you spend all day in here writing." David leaned in, until his nose was touching the side of Cormac's head. "What's the point if no one hears it?" Cormac chuckled and put the sheets of paper up on the piano, spreading them out so he could see them all. He put his hands on the smooth white keys, which meant he had to bring his left hand over David. He sighed and paused before pushing down on ivory. The music came out long, slow, and beautiful. His fingers danced over the keys as the music picked up the pace. After a few minutes he finished and closed his eyes, letting the music sink in.

"It's not finished yet," he blushed.

"Beautiful," David smiled.

"I don't know about that, the tempo is a little weird and the-" Cormac was interrupted by David pushing his lips onto Cormac's. He put one hand on the back of Cormac's head and pulled his lips closer to his own, and the other on Cormac's crotch. He could feel Cormac's pulsing length through the tight jeans he wore. He almost pouted when Cormac pulled away and put his hand over his mouth. His lips were pink and swollen from the kiss and his cheeks were flushed. He was about to say something when Richard walked in.

"How is the fountain coming along, David?" He smiled, not feeling the awkwardness in the room.

"Good. It's almost done actually." David held eye contact with Cormac several seconds longer than needed.

"Thats a shame, I'm going to miss having you around so much!" Richard laughed. David smiled and stood up from the piano bench.

"I'll miss you too, Richard."

"Just because you finish with the fountain doesn't mean we can't still be friends," Cormac said. David and Richard stared at him for a moment, shocked, before smiling and laughing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  

David slept in the next day and didn't get to Cormac's home until a little past noon.

"I don't know why you want to make such a big deal out of this," he heard before he even reached the door.

"I don't know why you DON'T want to make such a big deal out of this." That was Richard.

"Because, it doesn't matter," Cormac growled.

"What the fuck do you mean it doesn't matter? Of course it matters!" He saw Cormac walk from the dining room towards the living room, passing the open door, Richard hot on his heels.

"No, it really doesn't." He saw Cormac turn to face Richard in the window.

"What doesn't matter?" David asked, joining the conversation.

"Nothing," Cormac snapped.

"It's his birthday," Richard replied, without looking away from Cormac.

"Happy Birthday!" David smiled.

"Ugh," Cormac turned back towards the piano. He began playing a dark and angry song.

"Or not," David frowned.

"He refuses to let me celebrate it," Richard explained.

"Why not?" David pouted.

"Because, he insists it doesn't matter."

"It doesn't," Cormac snapped, ending the song abruptly.

"Yes it does," David and Richard said simultaneously. Cormac rolled his eyes and picked up the song where he left off.

"It's not a day to celebrate!" Cormac growled. 

"Oh not this again." Richard rolled his eyes.

"What?" 

"Yes, this again," Cormac stood from the piano.

"We aren't celebrating that. We are celebrating your birth," Richard was just as stubborn as Cormac when needed.

"Wait, I'm lost..." David tried to understand what was going on.

"His birthday was the day his boyfriend did that to him," Richard pointed at his face. Cormac turned red and pushed Richard out of the way, heading up the stairs. Richard sighed and knew he had crossed a line.

"Cormac, I'm sorry," he chased after him.

"Forget it," Cormac said quietly, still climbing the stairs swiftly. The two other men chased him.

"No, Cormac. Please. I didn't mean that, I'm sorry," Richard begged. Cormac was getting closer to his room. This was the first time David had been to the second floor, so he followed Richard's lead.

"I said forget it." 

"Please don't--" Richard was interrupted when Cormac slammed the door in his face. He sighed and rubbed his forehead.

"That was too far," he whispered to himself and David.

"Just a bit," David agreed. Richard looked at him before glancing at the door one more time and heading back downstairs.

"His boyfriend really did that to him, on his birthday even?" David asked, once they were downstairs.

"I'm afraid so." Richard stared out the window.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

It was hours before Cormac came back downstairs. He walked into the dining room quietly, where Richard and David were having dinner. Richard stood up silently and brought him a plate. Cormac sat and began eating, Richard didn't sit.

"I really am sorry, Cormac. You know I didn't mean to hurt you," Richard said quietly.

"It's okay, Richard." Cormac didn't look up. Richard gave him a hug and kissed his temple. It was obvious the two men had a friendship stronger than any other. After dinner David and Richard stepped into the kitchen. They came out a moment later and Cormac rolled his eyes.

"Happy birthday," David smiled and set down the small chocolate cupcake with the single candle in it. Cormac glared at it before closing his eyes and smiling.

"Thank you," he whispered. He thought for a second and blew out the candle. Richard and David clapped and hugged him. 

"Alright alright, get off me." He shoved them away, smiling. David laughed and they sat. Cormac stood and grabbed a knife, cutting the cupcake into three equal pieces and giving each of them a piece.

"It's your birthday Cormac, you should eat it," David tried to give him the piece.

"Yes, it is my birthday and I'm choosing to share with you idiots, so take it," Cormac said with a smile. They ate their pieces and continued to talk for awhile before David had to head home. He got home in time, paid the babysitter, and tucked Aiden into bed.

"Is he ready yet?" Aiden asked as he crawled into bed.

"What?"

"Mr. McCarthy." 

"Oh, I don't know," David shook his head.

"I think you should just ask him out. It couldn't hurt right?" Aiden asked, his eyes already drooping. By the time David answered he was already asleep.

"Right." 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Richard, I need your help," David said. Richard paused what he was doing and looked at David confused.

"Okay..." he seemed hesitant. 

"I need you to get Cormac out of the house for a few hours," David said. Richard laughed.

"Psh, like that's possible. Why don't I wrestle an alligator or solve world hunger. Those things are more likely to happen." He went back to watering the plants.

"Please, Richard? I'm begging you." Richard stared at him before he put down the watering can.

"What's this about, David?" 

David hesitated, biting his lip. "I want to cook him dinner. I'm not the best cook but it would mean something. I know I couldn't get him to go out on a date with me comfortably, so I'll make the date here," David said. Richard raised his eyebrows.

"You realize he will skin you alive and devour your soul if he doesn't like this, right?" Richard said seriously.

"I know. But I have to try," David replied. Richard sighed.

"How the hell am I supposed to get him out of the house?" 

David gave a wicked smile.

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Hello, Richard," Cormac said. He looked up from his book and raised an eyebrow. "Why do you hav-" The rest was a series of shouts and growls. Much kicking was involved but Richard managed to get the sack over his head and get Cormac over his shoulder. He walked towards the front door where David was waiting.

"You realize he is going to kill both of us," Richard said. David nodded and shooed them out. As soon as the door was closed he got to work. After cooking the food he set the table with candles and wine. He texted Richard that he was ready and waited. A few minutes later Richard opened the door and came in with a kicking and cursing Cormac over his shoulder.

"I'm so fired," Richard sat him down in the chair and pulled off the sack.

"You tied his hands?" David said, surprised.

"He kept punching me!" Richard whined. David laughed and untied his hands. 

"Where did you go?" Cormac kept asking what the hell they were doing but they both ignored him.

"Dairy Queen. We got some weird looks," Richard said seriously, nodding his head. David shook his head and laughed, finally turning towards Cormac.

"Don't blame Richard, I made him do this," he said.

"Do what?" Cormac shouted, he was furious. 

"Kidnap you. I wanted a date with you but I knew you wouldn't go out and I couldn't plan a date with you around so..." David shrugged. Cormac stared at him, mouth open, before blinking and closing his mouth.

"I'm going to bed." He stood but David pushed him back down again.

"Please, just give me a chance," David begged. Cormac stared at him and then at Richard, who walked out of the room when he made eye contact.

"Fine," Cormac sighed. David beamed and pushed his chair in. Cormac took a bite of his food and smiled.

"This is really good," he whispered.

"Thank you." David felt proud of himself.

"Why did you want to go out with me so much?" Cormac asked seriously. David thought carefully before answering.

"I would never treat you the way he did," David said simply. Cormac stared at him silently before looking down at his plate.
