 I would like to thank everyone for all the feedback and positive comments. I apologize that the chapters are so short (especially the 1st). I didn't want to put all my time and energy into longer chapters if nobody liked or read it. Here's Chapter 2 and I hope you enjoy.

*****

I feel all the blood drain from my face and I quickly move my gaze to the floor when I realized I was staring. I swallow around the growing lump in my throat, "Permission to speak freely Master". My voice shakes.

"Permission granted, what is it pet?" Master takes a seat next me on the couch. 

"Master is a demon, why did he buy me?" I hear a sharp intake of breathe. 

"That is a dangerous question pet," he doesn't sound angry so I steal a glance at him to see him grinning at me.

"Why does Master wear a mask?" I reach my hand out stroke the mask but Masters hand quickly grabs my wrist. His touch, while warm and gentle, causes me to jump.

"Don't," he is still not anger but it's easy to tell that this is a warning. "Are you hungry?" He releases my hand and stands up before offering me his hand. I shake my head no to answer his question and place my hand in his. He helps me stand before leading me down a hallway.

"I will show you the house another time but now it's late and you must be exhausted. It can't be easy or comfortable sleeping in a cell." He stops infront of a closed door and turns grasping my face in his hands. My head is tilted up to look into his eyes. "This is my bedroom, pet. You won't be sleeping in a cage or a separate room. I won't mistreat or harm you but I do expect things of you, we will discuss those tomorrow. You will always sleep in my bed, do you understand?" 

I nod my head as much as I can, he smiles and gives me a short kiss on the forehead before turning and leading me into his room. I step inside and see that it is quite large but most of the space is unoccupied, only a bed and a couple dressers are present.

"Go ahead and get into bed," I walk towards the bed and he places a hand on my shoulder. "There are no clothes in our bed." 

I blush deeply while I remove my jeans and boxer briefs. "Okay, go ahead." I walk to the bed and pull the sheets up over myself.

Master chuckles and with a soft click the room becomes pitch black. I can hear him removing his clothing then his steps coming closer until the bed dipped to my right side. His arm came across my shoulders to guide me down to his chest where he held me until I fell asleep.

I wake up feeling warm and well rested for the first time in a long time. Opening my eyes I don't see Master, I sit up and look to my other side and I can't help but smile. Master has flipped over onto his stomach and sprawled out like a starfish. The blankets have wrapped around his hips, revealing his broad tanned back. 

I bite my lip and ghost my fingers across the smooth skin while I watch to make sure he doesn't wake. Getting slightly braver, I smooth his dark hair and notice he removed the mask. I carefully balance so I don't move the mattress too much and I lean over Master to see his cheek and the beginning of what looks to be a scar. He shifts quickly, grasping me and pulling me to his chest as he did the night before. I listen for his voice but only hear deep breathing and I breathe a sigh of relief, thankful that my stupidity didn't get me in trouble with my new Master.

I must've fallen back to sleep because when I open my eyes the bed is empty and the spot where Master had been sleeping is cold. I frown sadly before I hear the door open and see Master come in holding a tray of food. He smiles when he sees I'm awake, "Good morning pet, how did you sleep?"

"Very well Master, and yourself?" I ask as he lays the tray on the bed and moves to sit across from me on the bed. "I slept well. Shall we dicuss what I expect from you over breakfast?" I nod eagerly as my stomach growls.

"I asked your former Master about your likes and dislikes," Master places a plate with two beautifully fluffly pancakes in front of me. I smile happily and thank Master with a chaste kiss on the cheek before starting to eat.

Master picks at some fruit, "I will not rape you, I will wait until you are ready. In the mean time, we will do other things, mostly training you the way I want you. I work from home so this will be the only meal I prepare, you will prepare the rest of the meals from now on unless you are resting after a training session. You will keep the house tidy as well as keep laundry done. Those are the sort of things I expect of you pet." 

I finish my pancakes and nod my head while I consider his expectations. They aren't so bad, I had friends that had been sold as exhibition specialists and were whored out several times daily and slave laborers that worked to the point of death from exshaution so I feel very good about what is expected of me.

"Are you finished your breakfast?" 

I place my plate back on the tray, "Yes I am Master." I smile.

He shoots me a crooked grin, "Good, we can begin your training."

To Be Continued...