 "Damn it," David cursed.

"What?" Aiden walked into the kitchen.

"Nothing," David quickly folded the piece of paper and shoved it in his back pocket. "Are you ready to go?" he asked. Aiden smiled and nodded. He pushed Aiden out the door and locked the house behind him. They arrived at the house and David raised a fist to the door. Richard answered, wearing his normal attire. What Cormac called his 'optional uniform'.

"Hey, David. How you doing buddy?" Richard ruffled Aiden's hair. He turned around, allowing them inside. Cormac was leaning against the dinning room table. He smiled at David and walked over to him. David enveloped him in his arms and kissed the top of his head.

"Hey." 

"Hey," Cormac smiled up at him before looking down at Aiden. "How you doing, little man?" Aiden smiled. Cormac and David had been dating for months and Cormac was almost completely out of his shell. At least with David, Richard, and Aiden. He wore short sleeved shirts that showed off his well defined body. He even wore jeans that showed off his ass. And best of all, he even smiled. 

"You guys ready to go?" Richard came downstairs. He now wore casual clothing, shorts and a t-shirt. All three nodded and left the large house.

Cormac sat on the bench, glancing around nervously while Richard, Aiden and David played catch. David looked up at him and passed the ball to Richard before walking over to Cormac.

"You should come play with us." He sat down next to Cormac, putting his hand on his leg. Cormac shook his head silently.

"Come on, no one is looking," David promised him. "And even if they were," he tilted Cormacs head up to look at him, "you're beautiful." David smiled and kissed him on the lips, sliding his tongue over the pink flesh.

"Aw!" Richard exclaimed.

"Gross!" Aiden shouted. David and Cormac laughed, putting their foreheads together. David pulled away and smiled at his son. He felt complete. He had the perfect son, the perfect boyfriend, and the perfect best friend/brother. There was just that one thing.

"We need to talk about something," David whispered to him. Aiden and Richard had continued playing catch.

"What is it?" Cormac seemed worried. David felt his pulse speed up.

"Calm down, its nothing like you think." Cormac sighed with relief.

"Okay then what?" Cormac sat forward.

"We might have to move," David confessed. Cormac was at attention immediately.

"What?" he gasped.

"I can't keep up on my rent. I've checked everywhere. Theres no where near here thats cheaper. This place is expensive. Understandably so," David looked around at the beautiful scenery. 

"Wait, what are you talking about?" Cormac asked again.

"The rent is too much. My job isn't paying enough. And I have to work less hours because I have to watch Aiden when he gets home from school. I can't afford a babysitter," David rubbed his eyebrows with his thumb and index finger.

"Well, I can pay it for-"

"No. I'm not taking your money Cormac." David looked at him. Cormac closed his mouth and thought for a second.

"At least let me pay for a babysitter."

"No!" David repeated.

"Then let Aiden stay with us after school. He loves Richard. Richard can pick him up from school, feed him lunch, and entertain him until you get home," Cormac suggested. David thought for a moment.

"Please," Cormac's voice cracked. David nodded. Cormac smiled and kissed his cheek. "I want you to know I don't mind giving you money, David. I know you aren't with me for my money," Cormac said.

"I know, but I never want it to come up later. You know?" Cormac nodded and smiled. David grabbed his hand and pulled him up off the bench. He opened his hands for the ball, and tossed it to Cormac once he got it. Cormac laughed and threw it at Aiden, who in turn threw it at Richard.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

David threw his jacket over the couch and collapsed into bed. He sighed and looked over at the empty bathroom. He raised himself up, rubbing the knot in his neck. He started a warm shower and stepped under the steamy spray. He let the water soothe out the cramped muscles of his back. The extra hours had been killing him. Working from eight a.m until seven at night was hard on him. Of course Richard and Cormac were saints. They watched Aiden as much as David needed. 

After his shower, David threw on some night pants and ate some cold pizza for dinner. He was finishing his second slice when he heard a knock on the door.

"Come in!" he shouted, knowing who it was. He heard the door open and heard his son's voice.

Cormac walked in, followed by Aiden with his backpack on.

"Hey," Cormac greeted and stood on his tiptoes to kiss him, keeping his hands in his back pockets.

"Hey." David was surprised by how tired his own voice sounded.

"Are you okay?" Cormac whispered, once Aiden had left the room.

"Just tired," David sighed. Cormac turned his head and rubbed David's shoulder.

"Why don't you go get into bed, I'll get Aiden tucked in," Cormac looked worried about him. David wanted to spend at least a few minutes with his son but he was so tired. He nodded and dragged his nearly lifeless body upstairs. A few minutes later, Cormac showed up at his open door. He let himself into his room and closed the door behind him.

"Roll over," Cormac instructed. David did as he was told, lying on his stomach. Cormac took advantage of him being shirtless, and began to rub the tension of out his back. David moaned and let him work. After a few minutes Cormac stopped.

"Better?" he asked. David nodded silently. "I know what will make you fall asleep fast," David felt Cormac smile on the back of his neck. He began planting kisses from his neck down his back. David didn't think he had the energy but didn't want to miss the opportunity. 

"Roll over," Cormac whispered into the small of his back. David did as he was told once more and Cormac wrapped his warm mouth around David's prick. David moaned as Cormac began sucking. David already felt like he was about to cum but didn't want it to end so soon. He bit his lip and threaded his hands through Cormac's hair. He gently pushed his head up and down over his cock. Cormac used his other hand to fondle David's heavy balls. David shoved his cock deeper into Cormac's throat as he came. He felt Cormac moan and swallow every last drop of cum before he licked David's pole clean and smiled up at him. He pulled up the night pants before giving David a kiss. David could taste himself on Cormac's tongue but didn't mind.

"Good night," Cormac whispered, and began walking out of the room.

"What about you?" David asked, although sleep was already consuming him.

"I'm fine. That was just for you," Cormac smiled.

"But..."

"Shh. Go to sleep. You can pay me back later." Cormac shut the door behind him and David let the darkness wash over him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Cormac sipped his morning coffee while grabbing another crisp piece of bacon. He turned the page in his book as Richard walked in.

"What ya readin'?" Richard asked. Cormac looked up and shut the book, placing it on his lap under the table.

"Nothing," he muttered. Richard stopped at the doorway and slowly walked back to the table. Without removing his eyes from Cormac's he picked up the book. Cormac closed his eyes and sighed, knowing what was coming.

"'How To Please Your Man'?" Richard tried to keep from giggling. He threw the book back down on the table as he walked away laughing.

"Stop laughing," Cormac blushed heavily.

"Sir, you could not possibly please David more than you already do," Richard replied from the kitchen. Cormac rolled his eyes and continued eating. 

"Hi, Richard!" Aiden shouted as he threw his backpack down onto the floor, while running into the kitchen. Cormac rolled his eyes with a smile and picked up the backpack, hanging it on the coat rack. He rubbed his neck and walked over to the piano. He began playing one of his own songs and was halfway through when he heard a knock at the door. He scrunched his eyebrows together, trying to think of who it would be. Richard obviously hadn't heard the door since Aiden could be heard halfway across the house. David wouldn't get off work for another few hours, Richard was here, as was Aiden. Cormac stood and walked over to the large doors. 

He let out a small gasp. The crystal glass he was holding with the warm amber liquid in it slipped from his hands. He heard the glass shatter, the scotch covered the tiled floor with bits of broken glass floating in it. He felt like he was going to be sick but couldn't get the strength to move.

Richard heard the glass shatter in the main hall and looked up. He waited for Cormac to say something but he heard nothing. Aiden continued to do his homework, unaware of Richard's worry.

"Stay here, Aiden," Richard muttered before walking into the main hall. Cormac was standing at the door, mouth open, completely still. He held the door open with his left hand so Richard was unable to see who it was. Richard saw the broken glass on the floor and moved over to the door.

"Cormac, what-" He stopped when he saw the tall beautiful man at the door. The man really was beautiful, and he knew it. But his eyes showed the cruel person he truly was.

"What the fuck are you doing here?" Richard felt his heart surge with protectiveness over Cormac.

"I was in the neighborhood." Charlie smiled, showing his row of pearly white teeth.

'Like a sharks,' Richard thought.

"You're not welcome here," Richard growled.

"I don't see Mac protesting," Charlie smiled at Cormac. Who was still frozen with his mouth slightly open.

"Close your mouth," Charlie snapped. Cormac did as he was told.

"Don't tell him what to do. Get the fuck out of here," Richard said.

"Hm... no." Charlie laughed and pushed his way inside. Stepping over the broken glass and scotch on the floor.

"Sir, go up to your room. And take Aiden with you," Richard told Cormac in a stern voice. Cormac finally seemed to snap out of it. He looked at Richard and Richard saw the terror in his eyes. He was gasping for breath, like he had just run a mile, and his hands were clearly shaking.

"Go upstairs, Cormac," Richard repeated. Cormac shook his head and Richard glared at him.

"You can't handle this, leave this to me okay?" Richard whispered. Cormac seemed to be out of breath and only nodded his head. He fast-walked into the dining room and grabbed Aiden. He headed towards the stairs and froze again, meeting Charlie's eye. He stared into them for a second before snapping out of it and jogging upstairs.

"You have some nerve showing your face around here after what you did to him," Richard growled once Cormac and Aiden were out of earshot.

"I came to apologize to him." Charlie shrugged, glancing at a painting on the wall.

"It's been over five years!" Richard shouted.

"It's never too late for an apology, right?" Charlie smiled and began walking up the stairs. Richard pulled him back down and punched him in the jaw.

"That's for Cormac. He doesn't want to see you."

"Maybe we should let him decide that," Charlie rubbed at the bruise forming on his jaw.

"He already has, he's seeing someone," Richard said. This seemed to catch Charlie's attention.

"Is he now?" Charlie muttered.

"Yes, and he is a great man. They're lucky to have each other. It's only taken Cormac five years to get over what you did to him," Richard said the last part sarcastically.

"He was young, he'll get over it," Charlie shrugged.

"You're a piece of shit, you know that? Why did you really come back? You want his money again?" Richard stepped closer to him.

"Why would you ever think that, Richard? I thought we were friends!" Charlie threw his hands up. Richard stepped close to him until he was nearly touching their noses.

"Listen to me. You are going to leave, and you are never going to come back. If you do, I will be wanted for murder. And don't think I won't. I would go to the end of the earth to protect that man upstairs. Especially from pricks like you," Richard said quietly, though the menacing promise was not missed.

"Get out of my face," Charlie whispered back, with just as much menace.

"Leave, this house. Now," Richard wasn't backing down. They both stood their ground, much like wild beasts protecting their territory. Whoever would back down first, would lose. Finally, Charlie backed up, he headed towards the door. Richard stayed where he was, listening to the retreating footsteps.

"Oh, and Richard," he heard Charlie say.

"What?" he growled, turning around.

"Tell Cormac I'll see him later," Charlie winked, as he stepped again towards Richard. Richard saw the gleam of the knife in his hand and moved just in time. The knife landed in his arm, instead of his stomach. He cried out and used his entire body to tackle Charlie to the ground. He held him there, wondering what he was going to do and how long he could hold him when the doors opened. David came charging in, picking up Charlie and throwing him off Richard.

"Get the fuck out of here!" David shouted. He walked towards Charlie, preparing to hit him when the other man ran out the door. David watched him leave, making sure he wouldn't be coming back, before running to Richard's side.

"Shit. The son of a bitch stabbed you?" David asked. He had known Cormac's ex was bad, but this was just crazy.

"I'm fine, go get Cormac and call the cops," Richard grunted, holding his injured arm with the knife still in it.

"Stay right here," David said, as if Richard was interesting in moving around.

"No shit," Richard grunted as David jumped up the stairs. Moments later David returned with Cormac behind him, and Aiden in his arms. When David was almost to the bottom of the stairs he turned around.

"Oh shit!" he gasped at the large puddle of blood that had been forming around Richard. He tried to shield Aiden from the gory scene, and ran into the dining room.

"Dad, what's going on?" Aiden asked.

"Stay here!" David shouted before running back to the stairs where Richard sat.

"Cormac, call an ambulance." Cormac stood from where he was kneeling next to Richard, grabbing a phone and calling 911. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Richard woke in the quiet hospital bed. His arm throbbed and he heard a soft familiar snoring. He smiled at Cormac, sleeping in a chair that was pulled next to his bed. His eyes were dark and wrinkled, and he looked like he was sixty. David was on his other side, sleeping in a chair identical to Cormac's with his feet on the bed. Cormac mumbled and turned his head to the other side, before burying his head in his arms again. He sighed in his sleep and yawned.

"Cormac," Richard nudged him. He jumped up and looked around before meeting his eyes with Richard.

"Richard!" Tears fell from his eyes and he hugged the wounded man tightly. The hug hurt Richard's arm and he grunted.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Cormac released Richard and wiped the tears from his eyes.

"Hey buddy, welcome back to the land of the living," David smiled, sleep covering his eyes.

"Good to be back, what happened?" Richard remembered Charlie but not much else.

"Charlie stabbed you. We're lucky he missed and hit your arm," David said.

"Psh, luck has nothing to do with it. I dodged that mofo like a pro," Richard smiled. David and Cormac laughed and held onto his hands.

"Where's Aiden?" Richard asked.

"I asked if he could stay at a friends house for a few days. I wanted to be here for you, but I didn't want him to see you like you were," David added. Richard nodded and looked at Cormac who was crying silently.

"Hey, what's with the waterworks?" Richard asked.

"I was so scared, Richard," Cormac sobbed. He collapsed onto Richard's chest and let him stroke his hair. David rubbed his back and tried to calm the sobs that wracked his body.

"I'm fine, Cormac," Richard promised him.

"I know but..." he mumbled something that Richard couldn't understand.

"What?"

"For a while there, the doctors didn't think you would make it. You lost a lot of blood. When he stabbed you, he hit an artery," David translated.

"But I'm fine now. You know I would give the world to protect you," Richard said and Cormac nodded in his lap.

"Don't scare me like that again, okay?" Cormac looked up. Richard hugged him with his good arm and kissed his forehead.

"Cormac, I'm a little thirsty. Could you go get a nurse and see if I can get something to drink?" Richard asked. Cormac nodded, and wiped the tears from his eyes, before leaving.

"Thanks for showing up, how did you know he was there?" Richard asked.

"Cormac called me. I couldn't understand a word he was saying but it was clear he was terrified. I've never seen him like that," David grimaced.

"Yeah, it was scary seeing him like that. How long was I out?" Richard asked.

"A few days. When you made it through the night the doctors were sure you were going to make it. But it was touch and go for a few hours there," David said. Richard nodded thoughtfully.

"What about my arm?" Richard asked.

"They said you should make a full recovery. But you will need to do some physical therapy to get back the full use of it," David explained.

"Shit, that's gonna be expensive," Richard grimaced.

"Oh shut up. I know Cormac pays you a ton," David laughed. Richard chuckled.

"Has he ever told you how much he has?" Richard asked.

"He's tried. He doesn't want any secrets between us, but I refuse to listen. I don't want to know how much he has, I don't need to know how much he has, and I don't care how much he has," David said with conviction.

"He's a sweet guy. But because of his money, a lot of people don't see that." Richard looked at Cormac through the open door. He was standing at the nurses station talking to a large black woman in a uniform.

"It may sound selfish, but I'm glad people don't see that. It means I get him all to myself," David winked.

"Nuh uh, you have to share," Richard stuck his tongue out. David laughed and looked at his watch.

"I have to go pick Aiden up soon. If you don't mind, I'd like to bring him back here to see you. If that's ok?" David asked.

"Of course, I would love to see my little guy," Richard smiled. Cormac walked back in at that moment and handed Richard a paper cup with ice chips. Richard let the ice chips melt in his mouth and watched David go.

"I'm gonna stay with him a little longer. I'll see you later," Cormac said to David. They shared a short kiss and David rubbed his back once more before leaving.

"I'm so glad you're okay Richard," Cormac whispered once he sat down. "I know I don't tell you enough..." he couldn't meet Richards eye, "...but I love you more than anything, Richard. I don't know what I would do without you." Cormac began crying once again. Richard used his good arm to pull Cormac into his chest and let him cry.

"Well, one day you will have to go on without me," Cormac looked into his eyes. "But, fortunately, that day is not today," Richard smiled. Cormac returned the smile and hugged him again.

"It slipped my mind," Richard suddenly said. "Did they catch Charlie?" Cormac shook his head. Richard sighed and thought for a moment.

"I don't want you staying alone. At least not there. Stay with David, or get a hotel," Richard instructed. Cormac nodded. A nurse walked into the room telling Cormac visiting hours were over and Richard needed sleep. Cormac left the room, taking one last glance at his best friend before heading towards David's house.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Cormac would you get the door?" David asked, as he carried Richard's bags into the house. Richard followed in second, with Cormac shutting the door behind them.

"Oh, man it's good to be home," Richard sighed. 

"It's good to have you home," Cormac hugged him.

"Come on, I'll make us some lunch." 
