 I want to thank all of my readers for bearing with me while I find my groove so to speak. I do apologize for the short chapters and for any spelling errors that may have been found. I recently moved and started this account while my laptop was still packed away so I was typing on my phone. Thank you all for the positive comments and feedbacks and I will continue to write as long as you read.

*

My heart picks up speed as Master leads me down the hall to a room with a padlock on the door. Pulling a key from his jeans he quickly unlocks the padlock before pushing the door open. He turns back to me with his eyes glowing green; behind the glowing coloring I see something different. It takes me a minute to realize that its desire. 

Master ushers me into the room and closes the door behind us. Looking around I see it's quite similar to his bedroom; it has a large bed, two dressers and a big wooden x handing from the ceiling. "What is that Master?" I point towards the wooden x. Master laughs gently, his breath on my neck sends shivers down my spine. 

"That, my pet, is fun." I furrow my brow. "Come, we're going to start your training with it." 

"Wait! Master I'm not wearing any clothes."

"Angel, I need you naked for this." I blush heavily while he turns me so I'm face to face with him. I look into his eyes and feel something within myself I had never felt with my previous Master. I feel my breath leave my lungs and my stomach begins to feel like there are butterflies in there. Master walks me backwards until my wings hit the cool wood of the x. 

"Stay." Master disappears behind me and attaches a leather cuff to my left ankle followed by my right one. "I won't bind your beautiful snowy wings," his deep voice in my ear travels down my body and I feel a familiar tingling in my balls. I clench my eyes trying to will away the pending erection. My right arm is lifted over my head and secured with a cuff, my other arm is firmly in place when I hear Master walk away. I crane my neck trying to see Master. When he finally comes view he has removed his shirt and is holding a black piece of cloth. "I hate not being able to see your emotions in those beautiful blue eyes but it's more intense this way." I'm about to ask what is more intense but the black cloth covers my eyes.

"Master?" I gasp. His lips silence me. 

"Hush pet, trust me. I won't hurt you." I nod my head and breathe deeply. Hands land carefully on my wings, petting them, playing with the delicate feathers. I make a deep noise in my throat, "Are they sensitive pet?"

I nod, "It feels good Master." I make the weird sound again, "I'm sorry Master, I can't help that sound."

Masters hands still, "That's a good sound pet. It lets me know that you like what I'm doing. I don't want you to suppress any sound during training; I cannot see your eyes so you need to communicate with me. Do you understand what I'm saying?"

"Yes Master." The hands on my wings continue to explore every curve and crevice in wonder. Masters touch disappears and I whimper slightly. 

"Oh angel, you're so responsive." I'm confused until his hand cups my hard penis. His warm hand circles my shaft and begins to slowly pump up and down; moaning loudly, I mindlessly thrust my hips into his hand. He releases my now aching cock, "Don't move angel." 

"Please Master I won't move I promise." Master chuckles and his hand grasps me again. I moan and toss my head back when his other hand cups my balls, kneading them just enough to nearly send me over the edge, "Master, if you keep doing that I will come." 

"Thank you for telling me pet." His hands release my gentiles and gently skate to the outside of my thighs. Masters warm hands leave a trail of fire as he slowly drags his hands from my thighs up my sides before placing his hands on my back just below my wings.

Warm, moist heat circles my right nipple, coaxing it to a stiff peak. I sigh sadly when his mouth moves but groan when he takes my other nipple in his mouth. I bite my lip and concentrate on not swaying my hips while he continues the assault on my nipples. Using his fingers Master tweaks my nipples just enough to sting before turning the best of pleasure. "Oh Master," I moan.

I hear a dull thud in front of me and the sweet torture of Masters mouth takes the tip of my cock in his mouth. I gasp loudly and my back arches as much as it can due to the restraints. Masters mouth slides down my cock until the tip is nudging at the back of his throat; he bobs up and down while he rolls my balls in his hand. I feel my balls tighten and a weirdly delicious heat in my crotch. "Master, I thick I'm going to come." My legs begin to shake beyond my control.

Master pulls off my cock for a brief moment, "Come pet." He takes my modest cock back into his mouth. I feel a wave of ecstasy wash over me, taking me over the edge of pleasure. I scream as I come in my Masters mouth and feel him swallow around my shaft driving me crazy. My orgasm is short lived but drains the energy out of me.

Master removes the blindfold before undoing the cuffs on my feet, the cuffs on my wrists are the only thing keeping me upright. When Master undoes them I stumble a little but Master picks me up, folding me against his chest before I can catch my balance on my own. "Okay pet, I'm going to take you to bed. Today I give you pleasure, tomorrow I receive the pleasure." My eyelids begin to feel like lead, I close them and fall asleep in Masters arms. 

To Be Continued....