 I feel his warm breath on my shaft as he chuckles softly before the head of my erection is engulfed in a warm, wet heat. I groan at the feel of Masters skilled mouth and tongue working their magic causing my hips to start thrusting on their own accord. Master smiles around my shaft before using a hand to roll my balls.

The pleasure in my stomach grows and spreads, "Master, I'm going to cum." I clench my eyes shut as Master hums around me, the vibrations sending me over the edge. I cum in Masters mouth with a scream. He swallows what I give him before licking me clean and kisses his way up my still shaking body.

Master reaches for something from the nightstand and I hear a squirt before one of Masters fingers is at my entrance. My eyes spring open to see Master looking down at me with lust and another emotion I can't seem to place. Once I was ready he placed the head of his cock at my ass, "Wait!"

He moves back shocked, "I'm sorry, did you change your mind, Pet? I won't be upset if you did."

I shake my head, "No, no Master that's not I don't want this. I do but uhm..." I trail off unsure of how to continue.

Master leans down and softly caresses my cheek, "Pet, Joshua, whatever it is you can tell me."

Looking away I tell him, "My wish was to make love with you without anything between us. I said it like that because I was you to make love to me....without the mask on." I can't bring myself to look at Master. His breathing has become heavier. He's upset. He's angry. He's going to send you away. He doesn't love you like you love him. This was a mistake.

I feel the bed shift and then the mask is placed on the bed in my line of sight. Shocked, I look at Master who has his eyes closed, face turned away from me. I lift my hand to his chin and move his face so I can see what he has hidden for so long. The left side of Masters face is twisted and marred by what looks to be scratch or bite marks while the right side was perfect.

I hold his face in both hands and pull him down for a soft kiss, "Make love to me Master." I whisper.

Master shifts and places the head of his erection back at my entrance and slowly enters me. I gasp at the sensation of being filled. Master has played with my ass before which I'm thankful for, this moment shouldn't be marred with pain.

After a moment Master begins to slowly thrust. Masters eyes stay on mine as we moan together. His hands flutter to my spread wings, running his fingers through the feathers sending a delicious shiver down my spine. I feel my orgasm approaching as I scratch my fingers down Masters back. I crane my neck slightly to kiss him passionately as I unravel.

As I cum all over my stomach Master groans loudly, "Yeah, that's it Josh squeeze my cock. You feel so good baby." Master stills groaning his release. He rolls off me and pulls me to his cuddle into his side. I snuggle into him and feel nothing but contentment and love.

I trail my fingers over his chest, "Master, I need to tell you something."

Master hums, "What is it Josh?"

I smile, I love him calling me by my name, "Master, I have fallen in love with you....I'm so sorry."

Master stiffens against me before relaxing, "That's a relief. I was beginning to think that I would spend the rest of my life in love with you and never being able to find it in me to tell you. I love you too Josh. I want you stay with me, not as my pet but as my boyfriend."

My grin widens, I lean on his chest to look at him, "I want nothing else." I lean down and kiss him deeply before settling against his side and falling asleep with a smile on my face. When I wake up my man is going be there holding me.