 "Well, well!" said Daddy in a tone of mock surprise, "Your Uncle Ted has made it here after all. And for once he's timed it just right."

"You promised," I cried out, on the edge of tears again. 

"I lied, you dumb sissy. I lied." He laughed.

"Cut the jokes, Jack. Give me the bitch. I've come a long way to get my cock up the little slut. I want her now."

"No, please. I beg you, Daddy." I was appalled and repulsed by Uncle Ted. Daddy was ugly but his was a powerful masculine ugliness. There was something disgusting about Uncle Ted, a kind of corruption made into flesh and blood. He made my skin creep and filled me with fear. 

The two men ignored my pleas. Uncle Ted was angry and impatient. Daddy was amused, which made Uncle Ted angrier.

"Don't make me wait Jack. Hand the bitch over. Or I'll just take her."

"Manners, Ted, manners. Remember, she's my property. And I've got still got my cock up her cunt."

"You've fucked her then?"

"Of course I've fucked her. I couldn't wait. She's a real turn on. She's got me hard again and I only just came up the little tart."

"Then give her to me. I can't wait either."

"Patience, Ted, patience and you'll reap a reward. Feel her up a little. Play with her little clit and her lovely titties. Get acquainted with the sissy girl, work her up. Get her hot."

"No! Please I don't want to," I begged.

"Ignore her Ted. She doesn't really mean it."

"I don't care if she does." And he was upon me reaching out his long arms to play with my nipples and my penis. Daddy's hands were at my waist again holding me and lifting up and down fucking me on his cock.

It didn't matter that Ted made my flesh creep, that his dank cold hands were harsher than Daddy's, his manipulation cruder. I couldn't help becoming aroused, my penis stiffening in Uncle Ted's rough grip, and enjoying the pleasure pain of Daddy's big fat cock moving inside me.

"She's ready now, Ted. Take the bitch and stick that long cock of yours into her."

With that Daddy lifted me up by the waist, his cock drawing out of me. I squealed with surprise as it left me. He held me out like a package to Uncle Ted, who took hold and pulled me against him, one arm around my hips, the other under my bottom, one finger unerringly finding its way between my cheeks and into my anus. 

"Yes," he hissed, "at last you little slut. I've got you. My finger's up your cunt." He turned as he spoke and began shuffling towards the bed carrying me like this. "Very soon it'll be my cock." My face was against his and I smelt his foul breath with every word he spoke.

He withdrew his finger. "I'm going to rape you now," he hissed and I felt his cock jab at me. It hurt and I cried out. He jabbed at me again, I wriggled in his grasp. "Keep your cunt still, you little slut." He kept jabbing. I was like a toy with a hole

Then he threw me on the bed and instantly he was on me spreading my legs , lifting them and then I felt his cock pushing into me, and he gave a great roar but it was a roar of frustration and rage for as it entered me his cock was already spewing out his cum. 

"You bitch," he shouted and slapped my face as he began fucking me furiously but not for long. For, very soon, I felt his cock diminishing and shrinking inside me and he pulled out of me. "I'll make you pay for that." He slapped me again. I cried out. 

His rage was terrifying.

"Easy, Ted," Daddy was holding Ted's arm as he drew it back to slap me again. "You're over-reacting. You don't want to damage her."

"You saw what the slut did, wiggling her cunt about. She knew what she was doing."

"I told you she was hot, Ted." Daddy was by the bed. "That means she'll get you up and hard and ready to go again in no time, won't you girl."

"She'd better." Ted's voice was a sulky threat. "I was looking forward to that fuck. She owes me."

These men were so big. I felt so small. They could do anything with me and I was helpless. They were armed with a terrifying weapon, their cocks, which I had never envisaged could be so powerful. 

Ted got up leaving me sprawled on the bed, sobbing quietly. 

"The little slut will make it up to you. Get up now sissy girl." Daddy took hold of my arm and hauled me off the bed.

"Go to your Uncle Ted and tell him how sorry you are for what you did. Go on now." He gave me a shove which sent me tumbling off the bed in a heap at Uncle Ted's feet. Uncle Ted caught hold of my hair and lifted up my head. "Well you young bitch. Speak. Get on your knees" 

I scrambled on to my knees. "I'm very sorry for what I did, Uncle Ted," I said in a trembling plaintive voice.

"You better be. Next time you wave your cunt about you better be sure my cock is already in it. Now lick my balls, bitch."

I looked up. there they were hairy pendulous hanging down under his cock, which flopped limply over them. I was feeling so terribly miserable, not in the least like sex of any kind. I hated the thought of licking this man's balls. But I moved my head up and dutifully stuck out my tongue.

"And get your hands on them. Get that tongue working." 

Reluctantly I bent forward sticking out my tongue, and began to lick his low-hanging hairy balls, aware of his cock, cold and slimy with cum, which brushed my cheek and made me shudder with loathing, as I licked.

How had this happened to me? Three hours ago I was a young man, assured of my masculinity and eager to explore my attraction to other men. And I had fallen into the hands of these two monsters who were not merely divesting me of my maleness, they were treating it as though it did not exist. They were turning me into some travesty of femininity a sissy girl with a cunt and a clit. 

I wept as I licked dutifully at his loathsome hairy testicles abjectly obeying his instructions, "Get underneath them ... get that tongue working ... kiss it ... get your lips round it you dumb bitch." He grabbed my hair and pulled my head into his groin, I felt the length of his slimy cock cold and frightening pressing into my face , one of his hairy balls was filling my mouth. I felt sick with fear and loathing. 

Then the other monster, Daddy, was beside me. "Come on, girl, you want to get your Uncle Ted hard." 

"Hard! Fuck that!. The bitch is as much use as a wet flannel." Ted snarled. He pulled me off him by my hair and forced my head back. Terrified I looked up at that long white face and those moist blue eyes, angry and crazy.

Daddy said, "Cool it Ted. The poor bitch is terrified. Aren't you little girl?" He said the last words into my ear and put his arm round me. "Let Daddy help you?" Then to Ted. "She needs encouragement."

Ted snarled, "She needs a good slapping," but he didn't slap me, though I could see he wanted to. I began to realize Daddy had some kind of influence over Ted and would not let him hurt me.

"Now girl get your fingers round Uncle Ted's long white cock. Get acquainted with it. This is no ordinary cock, girl. It's a policeman's cock, and this policeman's cock is not a happy one." Daddy took my hand and brought it to Ted's cock which hung long and limp over his balls. "Go on, now, make it happy, take hold of it, make it hard. If you don't he'll have to fuck you with his truncheon"

Daddy laughed. Ted snorted, "Cut the jokes Jack."

And shivering with distaste I took hold of it. It was still slimy, but becoming sticky. I was suddenly intensely aware of how we must appear to an observer. What a spectacle we made in this windowless room, this grotesque naked man with the heavy pot belly standing in front of me, kneeling naked holding his limp cock, and Daddy's enormous furry bear-like figure crouched beside me.

"Don't just hold it, stroke it play with it. One of Daddy's hands began fondling my nipples first one then the other. He squeezed one and tugged, pulling me forward. "Come on now stick out that tongue." And I obeyed.

What else could I do? And I obeyed when he said "lick it ... peel back the foreskin ... lick the head ... now open those sweet lips and get that cock in your cunt of a mouth - now suck, you horny little bitch." And still it remained a limp and lifeless lump of flesh in my mouth. I had to hold it with my hand otherwise it would have escaped my mouth as I sucked at it.

Uncle Ted raged above my head . "She's a useless little slut. ... An iron bar would turn to jelly in her useless cunt of a mouth"

"Patience Ted a little patience. Remember, she's new to her sissy girlhood."

All the while Daddy was petting me, playing with my nipples, rounding my breast flesh, stroking my bottom, my penis I could feel it stiffening under his fingers. 

Then I felt Daddy's hands smearing something first on and around one nipple then the other. I gasped around Ted's cock as they began to itch and burn. Daddy caressed them and the burning itch became a pleasure. "Yes girl your titties are alive and they need my hand. Now suck as if your life depended on it" I felt Ted's cock jerk in my hand, felt it begin to grow in my mouth.

"That's it girl you're sucking Ted's cock, you want it hard." Ted groaned and pushed his hardening cock further into my mouth.

Daddy's other hand slid down to my anus and I felt smearing the paste around my anus and pushing inside. And immediately I felt a hot raging itch inside me. "Keep sucking girl, don't stop." I felt what must have been Daddy's thumb slide inside and I pushed back eager to receive it, to assuage the intolerable sensation. 

"I've got my thumb up her cunt. But she needs cock, your cock Ted. ... Don't you girl? You've got uncle's cock nice and hard. Ready for your hot itchy little cunt." He took his thumb out of me. "Don't you want it now?" And I did I was sucking as it frantically slobbering over it.

And Ted was groaning above me. "You hot little bitch"

Daddy said, "She's hot, ready and all yours" and pulled me off Ted's cock, picked up and threw me on the bed.

The burning itch was making me frantic, I needed something, I needed cock. I spread my legs where I fell and arched my hips pushing them towards Ted who fell upon me. I closed my legs around him as his cock entered me. He roared as it pushed its way in but it was a roar of frustration for he had started coming as soon as his cock touched my flesh.

I did not realize what had happened for he fucked me so hard, frantically. I squealed with joy as it slid inside me despite the pain of the abrupt entry. I needed his cock; it was assuaging the hot itching that was driving me mad. 

But Ted was swearing, "You fucking bitch, you did it on purpose" He was pounding the bed beside my head with his fists. "You damn slut, you've made me come." 

I could hear Daddy laughing. 

"Don't laugh at me you bastard. I'll kill the bitch." I could feel the wonderful hardness inside me vanishing. 

"You evil bitch, I swear I'll kill you." I felt his hands grasping my neck and begin to squeeze I looked up into his face. As the pressure increased the last thing I saw was his long face swollen and red with rage and those mad blue eyes staring down at me. 

Then blackness.