 The following is a fictional story from a the fantasies of a bi-curious man.

Becoming a Cock Slave Part 1: The Roadside Blowjob

I was driving down a deserted country road after a two-day business trip. My job is to drive around the region and make presentations, so this wasn't unusual. I usually get the weekends off to spend with my wife so it's not a bad thing to be gone a couple days at a time. It was a Friday and I was half an hour from home so I was starting to feel the anticipation of seeing my wife again. There is road in front of me and fields around me as far as the eye can see.

Then I saw him. There was a big guy on the side of the rode thumbing for a ride. He had on blue sweat shorts and a tight tank top that showed off his ripped chest. He was shaven bald with a goatee and looked to be in his 40's. He was a towering mass of muscle that I'm sure a lot of people would've been intimidated by. But not me. I pick up hitchhikers all the time. They're all just normal people trying to get somewhere that ran into some bad luck. Being on the road a lot made me sympathize with them.

So I pulled over and lowered my passenger window. He walked over and leaned into the open window.

"I need a ride into town," he said. His voice was deep and slightly gruff.

"Sure, hop in. I'm going that way," I responded. 

He immediately opened the door and got in. I started driving. He scooted his seat back to accommodate his long legs and got comfortable. 

He then turned to me and said, "Thanks, for picking me up. I got left out here by my slave." 

I thought he was making some sort of joke or I misheard him. I really didn't know how to respond so I just waited for him to clarify what he said.

"The little whore was supposed to drive me out here in the middle of nowhere so he could suck me off. He couldn't stand take my face fucking so he just got in the car and left me, the worthless little pussy."

I looked over and saw him playing with this large, growing mound that was inside his shorts! He obviously wasn't wearing underwear. I was shocked by both what he said and by him playing with himself. I still didn't know what to say. I guess their's no harm in him talking about his sexual escapades. I just remained silent and tried to keep my eyes on the road.

"He whined about how my dick was too big for him. Little bitch. He said I was too rough. Obviously he wasn't a serious cocksucker. How can you resist a dick like this?"

I glanced over and saw that he had pulled out his naked semi-erect penis and was playing with it! I couldn't believe it! I was appalled. However, part of me did notice that it really was insanely big. It was longer and fatter than any erection I had ever seen. 

A part of me briefly thought about how my wife had said she wanted to see me penetrated. It's her sick little fantasy. She wanted us to do a three-way but I've just never been into guys. Just for her, I did try masturbating to some gay porn. I wasn't attracted to the guys themselves but I could get into some of the oral stuff that just focused on a guy's member or someone sucking it, especially when the member was big. I was sort of curious about what it must feel like to have that in your mouth but I never told her that.

Of course, in the car with some whacked out stranger wasn't the time or place to test out my curiosities. I yelled, "Cut it out! Put it back in your pants!"

He had his hand wrapped around his growing member as he responded, "You can't be serious. You don't really want me to put something this big and powerful away. I bet you want don't it, don't you? Every man really wants a big hard cock in his mouth" 

I glanced back over at him. The monster between his legs was now fully erect. He was stroking it slowly with his hand going from the top to the bottom of his extremely long, hard erection. He was looking at me and smiling. I was worried he was going to start ejaculating on my car seats!

Before I could anything he continued speaking, "Yeah you want it. I can tell by the way you're looking at it." He starts to violently gyrate his hips back and forth thrusting his hard erection forward, jabbing the air. He continued as he humped the air "You want to be on your knees with this big hard piece of meat shoved down your throat don't you? You want me to fuck your throat and shove my dick so far down your throat that I choke out all the air! Isn't that what you want cocksucker!?!? Isn't it!?!"

"No I don't! Put it back in your pants now!" I yelled. He was getting too excited. I was afraid he was going reach over and grab me next.

"You're lying, I can tell by that big hard-on you got in your pants. My dick turns you on, cocksucker. You know want it in your mouth. You know you want my cum-"

I slammed on the breaks and we screeched to a halt I wasn't going to take it from this horny pervert any more! I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket. I looked directly at him and yelled "Get out now or I'm calling the cops!"

I stared at him intensely for a minute to make sure he knew I was serious. He didn't really show any reaction. He just opened the car door and got out, with his shorts still pulled down and his erection still exposed. He closed door and then turned around. His erection was pointing directly at me as I turned away and hit the gas hard.

I sped off down the road, trying to avoid looking in my rear view. I was relieved to have him out the car. At the same time I found that I was excited by the whole thing. My heart was still racing but it was starting to wind down to it's normal beat. Maybe it was because the excitement was over, but I suddenly noticed that he was right about me having an erection. I could now feel it throbbing in my pants.

My mind wondered to what just happened. The fear I had felt was there but I also thought about how big his penis was. It really did arouse me. I started to think about all that gay porn I had jerked off too and how excited I was pretending to go down on a guy while I looked at the porn. But those guys weren't half as big as this guy. And they weren't forceful either, they just stood there and let the other guy go down on them. 

An image of the hitch hiker's big fat erection in my mouth popped into my head. Having it shoved down my throat. I had always wondered what that was like. I gyrated my hips a little and rubbed my throbbing erection against my pants. I opened my mouth pretending the hitchhiker was forcefully filling it. I was so turned on. His voice ran through my head repeating the part about me wanting it. It repeated louder and louder in my mind. My cock throbbed more and more. I gripped the steering wheel tight and yelled "Yes, I want your cock in my mouth!"

I hit the breaks and the car screeched to a stop. I put my head down on the steering wheel while trying to catch my breath. I had never been so horny in my life. I really did want to suck dick. This was my one chance with the biggest, most powerful guy I could find. He would use my mouth so good. I knew I would love sucking him off. He still scared me and he was still a stranger. Could I risk it? There might be other opportunities. Maybe my wife could arrange something. But that would be later and wouldn't be anywhere near as good as this guy. I wanted it now. I needed a cock in my mouth at that moment. Every fiber of my being was telling me this. This could act as a test run for that three-way.

I did a three point turn and turned around. I sped back towards the hitchhiker. I shook with anticipation. In a minute, I would have my first cock in my mouth. Then I saw the hitchhiker still standing on the side of the road with his hard dick still hanging out. As I got closer I started calling him something else in my head. "Master"

I frantically rolled down the window as my car slowed pulled over in front of him. He didn't saw a word. He just held his rigid dick in his hand and took a couple steps towards me. He stuck his massive cock through the window dangling it only an inch from my mouth. Its width was huge, I wasn't even sure if it would fit in my mouth. It was so long I didn't know if it was even possible swallow that much of it. It was so massive, so powerful, so beautiful.

I suddenly grabbed it and shoved it into my mouth. I took his giant head into my mouth and slid my lips down his long, hard shaft. I took as much as could fit in my hungry mouth and then tried to take more. I gagged a little on his cock. I wanted to take every inch of it in my mouth. I wanted it so bad. 

I rapidly bobbed my head back and forth on the length of his dick that fit in my tiny, little mouth. He yelled, "You like that don't you cocksucker? I told you you would be back for your Master's cock!" 

I made a muffled noise that sounded like "yeah" as I continued to take more and more of his long, rock hard dick into my mouth. My lips slid even more rapidly back and forth as I mumbled louder noises of pleasure. I loved it! I loved taking this man's rigid, powerful cock into my mouth!

Suddenly, I felt his large hands grab my head on each side. My mouth stopped moving while my lips were still squeezing around his thick cock. I had seen enough pornoes to know what was next.

As he firmly held my head in place, he gyrated his hips, thrusting his hard, manly cock deep into my mouth. He thrusted again this time harder and deeper. He kept doing this, thrusting his huge cock deeper and deeper down my warm mouth, until it filled my mouth and throat completely. I choked on it. I coughed and gagged but there was nothing I could do. He wouldn't let me move my head. I just had to sit there and take it. 

His thrusts got harder, more violent. I choked a little on every thrust as he held my mouth in place. He fucked my mouth hard like a tight pussy as yelled at me, telling me what a dirty little cock sucking whore I am. I was absolutely helpless. He was raping my face and I loved it.

I heard a car coming and snapped back into reality. I tried to pull back hoping their was still time to for him to hide his dick but he wouldn't let go! He held my head in my place and kept his dick in my mouth as I struggled! I made muffled noise for him to let go.

I could hear him laughing as the car got closer. I knew whoever was in it had a good view of my car by now. Suddenly I didn't care. I was actually excited that others might see me with a dick in my mouth. I stopped struggling, closed my eyes, and submitted myself totally to my master's control. He continued to fuck my mouth. I was in heaven.

After the car was past us, one of his hands let go of my head and he pulled his cock out of my mouth. He held my head with the other hand as he stroked his monster erection with his right hand. His massive hard fuck tool was just inches from my face ready to cum.

As he furiously stroked it, he yelled, " Open up slut!. You're about to get your Master's cum!"

I opened my mouth wide and closed my eyes. I wanted his cum. I wanted to taste it. Feel it. Swallow it. I wanted it bad. 

With a groan, I felt a thick warm stream of liquid shoot into my mouth. Then another and another. It shot all over the place. It sprayed violently into my mouth. It splattered onto my cheek and forehead. After a minute, the squirting stopped and I opened my eyes to see a glorious drop of cum forming on the tip of his head. I swallowed the sperm in my mouth and took his head into my mouth, licking up ever drop of cum that seeped out. It was delicious. 

My face was covered in cum, drenched in cum. I could feel the wet, warm man juice on my face dripping down my creeks. It dribbled off my chin unto my shirt. I wore my Master's cum as a mask of pride. It felt good.

"You belong to me now don't you, cocksucker?" my Master said as he put his massive man meat back into his pants.

"Yes Master." I said with a smile.

"You love sucking dick and being my slave don't you, cocksucker?"

"Yes Master."

"Then you're going to drive to my place so I can use you some more. Don't wipe off the cum. I want it to be on your face the entire way there so everyone will know you're mine"

"Yes Master."

He got in the car and we took off. I was just so caught up in the moment. I would've done anything he asked. All I wanted was more dick. And when we got to his place that's exactly what he gave me.

To be Continued...