 The following is a fictional story from a bi-curious guy.

Part II: Sucking and Fucking

I'm sitting on a couch watching a porn video. A blonde with a tanned, tight body and large breasts is on her knees with a dick in her mouth. She slowly bobs her head back and forth on the massive cock in her mouth. Another man on her left rubs his long semi-erect cock against her check and one on her right strokes his thick, rock hard erection just inches from her face. The little whore goes from cock to cock with glee enjoying the massive dick being shoved down her throat. I've watched videos like this before but they've never turned me on this much because I'm not thinking about what it feels like for the guys getting sucked. This time I'm thinking about what it must be like to have that dick in you mouth. I'm thinking about the dick I just had in mine a couple hours ago.

Just a few hours ago I was driving home to my wife after a business trip when I picked up a hitchhiker. It turned out that this guy had been left out there by his slave who was supposed to suck him off. He whipped out his dick as he told me about it and then proceeded to tell me about how much I wanted his cock. At first I was offended, but the combination of his large hard cock and what he said did turn me on. I was overwhelmed by curiosity and lust. I ended up sucking the guy's dick on the side of the road and became his new slave. He took me home promising me another chance to suck his dick.

My master sits beside me on his couch, still in his blue sweat shorts and tight tank top. He rubs the large bulge in his shorts and looks at me as I watch the movie. He looks at the hard erection that's straining the crotch of my pants.

"You ready to suck my dick again, slave?" my Master said.

I turned towards and said "yes" with an enthusiastic smile.

"I want you to take off all you clothes, cock whore," he commanded.

I immediately stood up and feverishly unbuttoned my shirt and threw it off. I pulled my under shirt over my head while unbuckling my pants. My clothes flew everywhere as I frantically undressed. My cock was throbbing, I had to have his dick in my mouth now. I stripped down to my briefs and then realized I had never been naked in front of another man. It hit me for a second just how far I was going. 

But it was only for a second and then the pulsing of my erection made me not care. I wanted to be naked in front of my master. Having his cock was the only thing I cared about. So I frantically slide my shorts down and tossed them aside, exposing my naked erection to my Master. I fell down to my knees immediately. I was completely naked on my knees in front of another man. It felt great.

My Master walked up to me and quickly took off his tank top exposing his ripped chest and slid off his shorts, exposing the massive monster inside. His dick was so big, so hard, so powerful. He held his hard cock firmly in his hand as he stood there naked in front of me.

"You want my dick cocksucker?" he shouted.

"Yes Master!" I yelled.

"Put your hands behind your back and keep them there" he commanded.

I obeyed, locking my hands together behind my back. He harshly grabbed my head and held it still, his dick only inches from my face. I opened my mouth and prepared to receive my Master's cock. 

Suddenly, his hard cock thrust itself into my warm, hungry mouth. He gyrated his hips while holding my head still and thrust his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth.

"Yeah! Take your Master's cock, you filthy little whore! Take it in your cocksucker mouth!" he yelled as he slammed his dick into my mouth over and over again

It felt so good for him to use my mouth like the cock slut I am, on my knees with a dick hammering away at my pussy mouth.

Suddenly he shoves his long, hard shaft all the way in my mouth. I feel his giant balls pressed against my chin. He holds it there as it fills my mouth and throat, choking out all the air.

"Gahhhh!" I gag loudly as my Master holds my face in place forcing me to take his full length.

As suddenly as it went in, he pulls it completely out. It flies out of my open mouth with streams of saliva attached to it and saliva exploding out of my mouth. The saliva splatters all over my face and chest. I gasp for air. I smile a little realizing just how much of a slut I had become.

Suddenly his hand pulls my head as he walks into his bedroom, dragging me along as I rush to get to my feet to follow him. He enters the room dragging me with him and violently;throws me down on his large, king-size bed. I bounce on the bed a little as my back lands on the center of it's width. 

My Master jumps on the bed and quickly positioned himself behind me. My head is in between his muscular, naked thighs. His massive balls rest on my forehead as he strokes his long, hard erection just above my mouth. He grabs my throat and holds me down. I open my mouth, ready to receive him again

Using his hand he points his hard dick down and slides it into my open mouth and down my throat. He proceeded to gyrate back and forth shoving his dick deeper and deeper down my throat. So I lay there, helpless, as this man violently rapes my mouth. I just lay there on my back, very still, as his dick shoves itself inside me.

I keep thinking to myself: "I am your pussy! My mouth is your pussy!" Over and over. I loved it. I wanted him to use me. I wanted him to fuck my face hard and rape my mouth. I loved being his slut, his pussy, his cock whore. I loved every second of it.

Suddenly he stops and his dick pulls out of my mouth. More saliva flies out. 

"Get on your belly now, whore!" he commands as he slides off the bed and stands up.

I quickly roll over with my hands still locked together behind my back. My Master grabs me by my arm pits and pulls me forward until my head is dangling over the edge of the bed. He grabs both sides of my head and holds it straight, looking at his crotch.

I open my mouth again and his cock is rammed down my throat. He violently fucks my face hard gyrating his hips like mad, shoving his cock deeper and deeper into my throat. I keep gagging and he keeps shoving it in, yelling "Take my dick cocksucker!" over and over. He truly had turned my warm cocksucker mouth into his pussy and me into his helpless whore.

Again he pulls out, leaving me gasping for air again, covered in my own saliva. I loved being used. I had never so turned on in my whole life. My cock throbbed like crazy.

"You want my dick in your ass cock slave?" he asked.

"Yes!" I said without thinking. I didn't care how I got his cock just as long as I got it. He could've have done anything to me at that point and I wouldn't have cared.

"Get on all fours like the slut you are," he commanded and I obeyed.

He climbed on the bed and got behind me. Suddenly I could feel his finger inside me. His finger was shoved up my asshole. It startled me, but it felt good. 

"You like that, slave? You like things in your ass?" 

"Yes, Master."

His finger went back in forth in my ass and my dick throbbed more and more.

"Do you want my big hard cock up your ass, slave?"

"Yes, Master!"

He finger fucked my ass faster and faster, it felt so damn good.

"You want me inside you, slave?"

"Yes, Master, I want you inside me! I want you to cum inside me!"

Suddenly I could feel his massive hard dick shoving itself into my ass. I could feel his long hard cock stretching my ass, filling me. I groaned in pain at first, then in pleasure. My master leaned his hot, muscular body over me and pressed himself against my back. I felt his hand wrap around my hard erection. My cock jumped in pleasure.

As his rock hard dick went back and forth inside me, his hand stroked up and down my hard shaft. We both let out loud moans of pleasure. I could feel his cock throbbing in my ass as mine throbbed in his hand. 

Suddenly I could feel him shooting into my ass and as my own cock shot streams of cum all over the bed sheets. We both let out yells of pleasure as we came. My Master filled my ass with stream after stream of his warm cum, long after all my cum was sitting in puddles on his bed. Stream after stream blasted inside me. It was fantastic. He pulled his cock out and whipped the last drops of cum on his slave's bare ass. I collapsed unto the cum covered bed and laid in my own cum. My ass was sore and so was my jaw, but I felt great. I rolled around in my own man juices as I felt my Master's cum in my ass. I was such a dirty, filthy whore. It was fantastic. 

My Master let me clean up in his bathroom and he asked me who I was. I told him. I mentioned I was married and that what got me curious about cock in the first place was my wife urging me to do a three-way with another guy. I told him at first I wanted to do this as a "test run" for a three-way but it went far beyond that. I really did become his slave. 

My Master told me that I would have a three-way with him and my wife. The idea boggled my mind. I had to do it. He gave me his number and I would call him later to arrange it. So I left my Master knowing that next time I see him, I would be sucking his dick in front of my wife. Nothing could turn me on more.

To Be Continued...

...

Feel free to send me any comments or questions.