 A fictional fantasy of a bi-curious guy.

Chapter 3: The Three-Way

I walked into the house and saw my wife at the kitchen table checking her small duffel bag. She was wearing a short, tight one-piece green dress that showed off her figure perfectly. I could see the hard nipples on her large breasts through the dress. I could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. As she bent over to check her bag, her tight dress raised up and I could see the bottom of her round, supple bare ass. She wasn't wearing panties either. I smiled.

"The car's warming up, dear," I said.

"Good, it looks like I'm ready to go," she said as she zipped her little bag shut.

As we walked out the door I asked her what was in the bag. She just smiled and said it would be a surprise.

And so we got in the car and took off. We were on our way to our first three-way. As I drove my wife constantly readjusted her short skirt and had this strange smile on her face. She seemed very excited and maybe a little nervous. 

So was I, but I was more nervous than anything. I met this guy who was hitchhiking a couple weeks ago and he offered to do a three-way with us. I talked about it with my wife and she was very excited about it. She has wanted to see me penetrated for a long time. It's a long-time fantasy of hers. She's always been dirty like that. So I called the guy back and arranged a time for us to come over.

The thing is, I didn't tell her everything that happened when I met this guy and he doesn't seem like the type to keep quiet. If he told her how we really met, it would be disastrous. But it was too late to change my mind now. Once I mentioned the three-way to her she was dead set on it. No excuse I can think of could get me out of this now.

Suddenly my wife breaks the silence of the ride.

"I'm looking forward to meeting your friend, he seems like a nice guy. He called me yesterday."

"What?" I blurted out in shock. "What did he say?"

"Not much. He just had a few suggestion on how to make it more fun," she says holding up her bag while smiling.

I laugh, trying to hide my nervousness. At least he didn't tell her over the phone. Maybe he really will keep our secret when I get there. I still a little uneasy. I can't even imagine what HE would want in the bag.

We finally get there and I pull into his driveway. We get out and walk to the door. He instructed me to go ahead and walk in, so we open the door and proceed.

"We're here!" I yell as me and my wife scan his unextraordinary living room.

He walks out of his bedroom wearing only the blue sweat shorts he wore when I originally met him. His ripped chest and large muscular legs and arms are on full display, not to mention the massive, hard erection bulging in his shorts. Clearly, he was once again wearing no underwear. My wife smiled as she examined him head to toe with her eyes. I noticed her eyes lingered at his erection. So did mine, but I tried not to show it.

"She's as fine as you said she was," he said with a smile.

My wife walked over to small table and put her bag down. Her breasts jiggled and her dress stretched tighter across her ass with every movement. He was watching ever second of it, with a big grin on his face. My wife looked right back at him and smiled seductively. 

He then looked at me and smiled even bigger. 

"Let's get this started right. Take off you clothes now," he commanded.

I quickly threw my t-shirt off and pulled my pants and underwear off together. In less than a minute I was completely naked with my hard erection exposed. I didn't even stop to think if this would make me seem too eager to my wife. I was just thinking about that big bulge in his sweat shorts.

"Put your hands behind your back and keep them there. Get on your knees, you're going to suck my dick." 

I obeyed and quickly fell to my knees, hands behind my back. I could see my wife rubbing herself under her dress out of the corner of my eye. 

He walked up to me until his crotch was only inches from my face. He then pulled down his shorts and revealed his massive, hard naked cock. He gripped it firmly in his hand, just inches from my face. I couldn't take my eyes off his massive head.

"Suck my dick now," he commanded.

He didn't have to tell me twice. My lips immediately wrapped around his head and slid down his long, hard shaft. I took as much in as I could until I gagged. Then I began to rapidly bob my head back forth rapidly on his monstrous cock.

"I knew you would love that dick in your mouth," he said. I was just hoping he wouldn't say why.

I heard a buzzing noise and glanced over at my wife as I continued to suck dick. She was now completely naked with a working vibrator in her hand. She was teasing her pussy with it while playing with her soft, supple breasts. I could hear her moan over the vibrator. She stuck it inside herself and began to pump her pussy with the long, hard machine.

Then I felt two strong hands grab both sides of my face, holding it in place with the dick still in my mouth. Suddenly he began to pump my mouth, fast and hard. I hear my wife groaning loudly off to the side but I don't bother looking. I'm just concentrating on this glorious hard cock that's getting shoved in and out of my warm, hungry mouth. 

As he continues to fuck my face he says, "You like that don't you, you little cock sucking whore? You enjoy sucking me off even more than when we first met."

Suddenly my eyes open and I try to pull away and say something. But his hands are holding my head in place as his dick continues to pump my mouth. I try to say something but it just comes out as a loud muffled mumble with the dick in my mouth.

"Keep sucking, whore." he said as he turned to my wife, who put down her vibrator down. I couldn't tell what the expression on her face was.

"I guess he didn't tell you what a cock whore he is. When we first met, he ended up sucking me off on the side of road right through his car window. I took him home and wore out his mouth and ass. He loved every minute of it."

So now it was out. My wife knew that this man was my Master. 

He pulled his dick out of my mouth and my saliva exploded everywhere. He held my head with one hand and his hard cock with the other. I could finally speak but I wasn't sure if I wanted to. I just kept looking at that big head dripping with my saliva. It was being held a couple inches from my lips. I couldn't help it.

"You're my cock slave? Isn't that right, cocksucker?" I should've been thinking about my wife but I just couldn't at that point. I had spent the last seven days longing for my Master's cock in my mouth. It was just inches from my lips. I had to have it. I had to have his cock in me or I would die. 

"Yes...Master." I said looking up at his smiling face.

He shoved his dick back into my mouth and continued pumping my face. It felt good to have my Master's cock in my mouth again.

"Your husband's my dick-sucking cock slave. You okay with that?" my Master asked my wife.

I opened my eyes as my Master kept pumping my face. My wife walked up to us. She stopped behind me and stood there.

"No, let go of my husband." she said sternly.

My Master let go of my head and pulled his cock out of my mouth. I just sat there on my knees for a second waiting to see what would happen.

Suddenly my head was grabbed from behind and shoved forward. I opened my mouth and my master's length shot down my throat. I gagged.

"No one uses my husband but me!" she said as she pulled my head back. It was her hand on the back of my head!

"Suck his dick you no good whore!" she yelled as she fell to her knees and proceeded to force my head back and forth on my Master's cock.

"Take it, you filthy cocksucker! Take his cock in your mouth like the slut you are!" She yelled.

She rapidly pushed and pulled my head forcing me to suck dick faster and deeper. I kept gagging but she just kept pushing, calling me filthy names. She was in total control of me, forcing me to shove a dick down my throat. She loved it. I could hear her moan in between the dirty things she yelled at me. 

Then my Master pulled out of my mouth. His wet hard dick hung there. My wife looked at it and smiled.

"You want to get fucked by a real man?" he said.

My wife pulled the back of my head down to the floor. I still had my hands behind my back, the good little whore that I am.

"Stay there and don't move," she commanded as she stood up.

I obeyed, laying there flat on my back.

We were right beside my Master's couch. So she laid her naked back on the couch and spread her legs. My Master got on the couch and began to fondle my wife's large, soft breasts. She moaned with pleasure. He licked her hard nipples and she moaned even louder.

"Yes," she moaned as he worked her nipples.

Then she let out a loud, long moan. I couldn't see my Master's cock from the angle I was laying but, from the sound my wife was making and the movement he was making, I could tell he was penetrating her.

Then his hips began to gyrate in quick, hard thrusts. He was hammering here pussy hard. Thrust after thrust, she yelled in ecstasy.

"Fuck me! Yes, fuck me!" she yelled as my Master's jack hammer of flesh pounded deep inside her.

"Fuck me! Oh God yes!"

I laid on my back watching this other man fuck my wife. I was completely helpless as he fucked the hell out of her. It turned me on so much. I could feel my cock throb. I wanted to touch it so bad but I couldn't move my hands from behind my back. I couldn't disobey.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she yelled as my Master groaned loudly. I could tell he was cumming inside her. Another man is cumming inside my wife as I just lay here and watch. I had never been so turned on in my whole life.

They both get up but then she throws herself down on top of my chest, her thighs on either side of my face. She grabbed my face and shoved it into her pussy.

"Lick it out, whore!" she yells as she holds my face against her crotch.

I ate her out wildly. She moaned loudly. The smell of her pussy was overwhelming. I could taste both her and my master. It was delicious. 

She then throws my head down and gets up. She walks over to her bag and pulls something out. Her back is turned to me so I can't see exactly what it is. It looks likes she is putting on some sort of weird leather panties. She turns around and I see a large rubber dick hanging from her crotch. It's a strap-on!

She walks over and grabs my hair, pulling me up to the position I was at on my knees. She holds my head in place with one hand and grabs her large fake dick with the other. She brushes it up against my right cheek.

"You want it, bitch?" she yells slapping my cheek hard with her dick.

"Yes, Mistress." I reply.

My Master sits back on the couch and watches. Out of the corner of my eye I can see him stroking himself.

"You want me to use you, you filthy slut?" she yells, slapping my other cheek.

"Yes, Mistress. I am yours!" I respond.

"Then open up and take this, bitch!" she yells as she shoves her rubber dick into my mouth.

It tastes a little like new plastic but I don't care. I'm on my knee with my wife about to face fuck me and my Master watching. It doesn't get any better.

She feeds it to me little by little, giving me more and more of her dick with each thrusting of her hips. 

"I'm fucking your pussy mouth, whore! You like it?" she screams while wildly thrusting her whole body, jamming her dick down my throat.

"Gahhh! Gah! Gahhhhh!" I choke as she merciless fucks my mouth. She shoves it in so hard and so deep, I can't help but gag.

"Take it you worthless whore!" she puts it all the way in, my face pressed against her body. She holds it. 

"Gahhhhhh!" I choke.

She pulls it out. Saliva explodes all over my face and I gasp for air. My God, she really had used me like a whore! My own wife! It was incredible.

She holds it in front of me. I look up at her, panting. I'm at her mercy wondering what she'll do to me next. She looks down at me, expressionless. 

"Get on your hands and knees now! On all fours like an animal!" she says shoving my head down. 

I obey. I get on my hands and knees, bent over on the floor. She walks behind me towards her bag. My Master sits on the couch masturbating his dick, now rock hard again.

I suddenly feel a wet finger up my ass. I jump a little. She fingers it hard, adding additional fingers quickly. I moan a little. 

"You like that don't you? This is all your good for isn't it, meat-hole? You're here to be fucked and used for our pleasure." she says.

"Yes Mistress! Use my ass!" I yell more ready now for than ever.

"Ahh!" I whimper as her rubber dick enters my ass. Slowly, slowly my wife penetrates me.

As she inches her dick inside me she says, "A wife fucking her husband, an unnatural act that can only happen if the guy is a bigger pussy than the girl." 

I yell in both pain and pleasure."Yes, I am your pussy!" 

"You like it in your ass you nasty, filthy whore? You like being fucked like a girl?" she barks out.

"Yes, Mistress fuck my ass!" I yell as I start to gyrate my ass up and down her fake dick.

We both groan as I feel it moves inside me. I felt more like a whore now than I ever had before. Then I noticed my Master was in front of me holding his thick, hard fuck tool.

"You mind if I use the whore's mouth?" he asks.

"Make him choke on it" she says.

I open my mouth, ready to serve my Master. He shoves it in. So big. So hard. It goes so deeps down my throat. I gag as he holds my head in place.

He pulls back out and does it again Pounding my mouth, just like he did my wife's pussy. I can still taste her on his dick. As he does this, my wife jams her strap-on deep into my ass, with a harsh grunt each time.

"I think our whore is enjoying himself," my Master says.

"Would you like to take over his ass? I've loosened it up for you." she asks, pulling her fake dick all the way out of my ass.

"Of course, you don't mind me being inside your husband?" my Master asks while walking towards my ass.

"If that's what he's really good for." my wife says with a smile, moving to my front.

I felt him entering my ass, his thick dick stretching me even wider than the strap-on. I groaned. My wife shoved her rubber dick into my gasping mouth, pressing it up against the inside of my cheek. 

"Uhhh," I mumble with a full mouth.

She then proceeded to fuck my pussy mouth as my Master resumed the pounding of my ass. Fucked from both ends on my hands and knees. What an absolute whore I had become. I was heaven.

"You like it in your ass don't you, bitch?" my Master yelled as he thrust deeper and deeper inside me, fucking my ass mercilessly.

"Take it in your mouth, cocksucker!" my wife yelled as she used my mouth.

"You like being fucked with a real man's dick don't you? Just like your wife, she loved the feeling of a real man's cock inside her!" my Master yelled.

"Yeah he's so much bigger and more powerful than you are. Your little dick is worthless! Your just good for being fucked like a little bitch!" my wife yelled pulling her dick out of my mouth and slapping me with it.

"Yes Mistress! Yes Master! I am your pussy!" I yelled in pleasure as my ass continued to be fucked.

My Master pulled out of me, grabbed my head, and pulled it to his cock. He stroked his dick wildly and, with a loud yell, shot his load all over my face. It was a massive spray of cum that covered most of my face. It oozed over me. I licked my lips to taste a little of it.

My Master sat down on the coach, as did my wife. They were breathing hard, their naked bodies' glistening with sweat. I just sat their on my knees and enjoyed the feeling of fresh cum dripping down my face.

My wife told me to get cleaned up and I did. We all got dressed. Before we left, she and my Master talked. They were working out ways of how they could regularly use me, both together and apart.

Over the next few years I became a whore for both my Master and my Mistress. My mouth and my ass were worn out on a regular basis. It was a wonderful life, being a filthy little cocksucker always on my knees.