 It was the summer after we turned 18 and more than the weather got hot. Brad, Greg and I were friends and neighbors. Three horny young men and no prospects for a girlfriend in sight. We were young and our hormones were raging, so we took matters into our own hands. 

I remember one day we were lined up jerking on our cocks in a contest to see who could shoot cum the farthest. I always lost that game because my cum was thicker than theirs and didn't squirt out as far, but, it always felt really good.

We lived in a rural fishing community on the East Coast and finding privacy for our adventures was easy with lots of barns and other outbuildings available to us or we could just find a place in the woods or long grass, anything that would hide us from view as we jerked each other off.

Brad lived next door and Greg was about a half mile away. Brad and I would often sneak away for a little while and usually ended up lying on our back next to each other head to foot with our right hand between the others legs grasping each other's penis milking them until cum spurted out onto bellies and hands.

One warm summer day Brad and I were playing around talking about girls and getting horny. This all happened before a lot of young women were on the pill, so talking about girls was the only girl action we ever got. Luckily for us, it was also before the HIV virus.

Being horny we found ourselves in a little meadow, hidden by some trees, lying down in long grass under an apple tree playing with each other's cocks. Brad knew that I liked to play with my ass and got up the courage to ask if I would let him fuck me. I told him that I didn't think it would fit but I was as horny as hell and said "what the hell, let's try it."

Neither of us really knew what we were doing so I rolled over on my stomach and spread my legs far enough that he could see my hole. He put his cock against my hole and pushed a little. A sharp pain shot through me and I jumped away saying "holy shit that thing is just too big."

Brad thought a little lubricant would help and sweet talked me into letting him try again. I assumed the position again and Brad put his cock against my asshole. This time he dropped some saliva right down my crack and rubbed it with the head of his cock, dropped some more and continued rubbing.

This was feeling pretty good and I started to relax a bit. Then he pushed a little again. This time he went slower and the pain was more bearable, just a stretching feeling that I thought sure was going to split my ass and I told him so. Brad assured me that it would fit.

I thought that was just his cock talking and as he started to push again I moved away an inch or so and the pain subsided a bit. He followed me as I moved and said he would try just gentle pushes then ease off. After doing this a few times there was hardly any pain. He dropped some more saliva in my crack and gave me three or four more gentle nudges and then one that was a little harder and oh my god the head was in but the giant pain in the ass was back.

I begged him to stop but he didn't pull out and the pain started to go away so I asked him not to move for minute. It hurt but my cock was still as hard as a rock and I started to move back onto his cock a little, rocking back and forth on the head of his cock was turning pain to pleasure.

After a minute or so of this I relaxed and told him to go deeper but not too much at a time. He worked it in and out going a little deeper with each stroke. When he was nearly all the way in he pulled out so that just the head was in and dropped some more saliva down my crack onto his cock before sliding in all the way.

By this time all the pain was gone replaced by a dull ache that soon turned to pleasure unlike anything I had ever felt and I never wanted it to end. I told him "don't let it come out because it will hurt too much when you put it back in."

He buried his cock to the hilt and fucked me for a couple of minutes with short quick strokes and I thought I had died and gone to heaven then the unthinkable happened. Brad's stroke got a little too long and his cock came out of my ass. 'Oh shit' I thought but he just put the head of his cock right back on my hole and it slipped right back in. It felt so fucking good I couldn't believe it.

"Fuck me hard" I said and he did. He started to pound away with me grunting on every stroke and moving my ass to his rhythm getting him as deep as possible with each stroke. After a few minutes of this action I could tell he was getting close to his climax and I started saying "that's it fuck me hard, harder, fuck me, keep going fuck me, fuck me, fuck me".

Soon, his breathing got ragged and his strokes shorter and I felt his cock harden and expand as hot streams of semen shot into me soothing my ass with increased lubrication as his strokes slowed and stopped.

It was my first time, but, it wouldn't be the last. I thought it was over and settled onto my stomach with his cock fully impaling me. Neither of us moved for a minute or so just savoring the pleasure of the moment, he softened some and then raised up and very slowly slipped his cock out of my asshole.

As the head cleared my sphincter, it felt like it was kissing his cock goodbye as my asshole slowly closed over the tip of his cock. I felt so empty but so good! I rolled over onto my back and gave my cock a couple of strokes and shot a big load of cum all over my belly.

I was already thinking about the next time.

The next morning I couldn't wait, I went for a walk to Brad's house. He saw me as I came into the yard and came outside. He said he'd been expecting me. He had me pegged. This time the grass was wet and we needed some place dry and private. There was a vacant house not far away and the woodshed wasn't locked. We headed over there and into the shed. We didn't waste any time. We headed to the back of the shed, found a fairly clean spot and dropped our pants.

After the pleasure of yesterday, I thought that my hole was stretched and although my ass was a little sore, I didn't think it was going to hurt. I laid down giving Brad access to my ass. We were both hard as rocks and rearing to go. Brad put his cock up to my hole and lubed me up with salvia. He took his time and played the head over my hole teasing it and making it slippery. The head of his cock was soft and smooth, it felt great massaging my hole.

Then he started to push gently and sharp pain shot through my sore ass. I knew that beyond the pain was pleasure so I told Brad to take it easy. He stopped pushing but didn't back off. The pain eased and I told him to move a little. The stretching was almost as bad as yesterday, but, I held on as Brad worked it all the way in. When he was balls deep, he started gently rocking with short strokes staying fully seated into me.

God, it felt good. He did that same stroke for a couple of minutes and then slowly pulled out until the head slipped out and my ass closed up over the tip of his cock. I loved the feeling of my ass kissing the tip of his cock. Brad lubed up again and impaled me in one stroke then he fucked me hard for a few minutes before pulling out again.

He teased my ass with his wet cockhead until I was straining to try to impale myself on it. I was horny as hell and didn't think it was funny, but, he was enjoying my need and soon enough his need took over as well and he slammed into me with one hard push to the hilt I felt his cock hit home as it slid over my prostate and his balls slapped against the base of my dick.

He started pounding me mercilessly. We were both grunting as noisy as a pair of pigs at dinnertime. I raised my ass to the best possible angle and said "give it to me, all of it, give it to me good," he did and when he shot his hot soothing load of jism into me we just laid there enjoying the feeling until he was soft. I felt my ass give the head of his cock another little kiss as it slipped from my hole followed by an empty but very satisfied feeling that would have to last until the next time.

Over the next couple of weeks I thoroughly enjoyed several more romps with Brad. I had learned to relax my hole so that his cock would slip right in with hardly any pain. Then one day as we were just basking in the glow as his cock was buried in my ass swimming in his own cum and softening Brad said "I was talking to Greg yesterday and he said he would like to fuck you too."

Then as his cock had softened and slipped out of my hole and my ass kissed it goodbye, I didn't bother to jack off. I went home to the bathroom and cleaned myself up a bit and got on my bike and headed for Greg's house. I found Greg doing some chores in the barn and he wasn't shy he said "did Brad tell you I want to fuck you." 

"Yes" I said.

"Come with me" he said.

We went into the main barn floor and climbed the ladder to the hay loft. We didn't waste any time getting naked from the waist down. Greg had a nice cock about 61/2 inches long and quite thick about the same as Brad except that his had a bit of a curve to the left. I think it was because he used his right hand to jack off and I know he kept in practice. Well, maybe it was just a natural curve.

I laid my pants down on the hay and got face down on my stomach and presented my puckered hole to him. It may have been puckered but it was freshly fucked and ready for more. Greg put some saliva on his cock held it in my crack and dropped some more in my crack working it into my hole and pushed slowly in.

I was well lubricated with Brad's cum and his cock slid in an out with ease. I told him Brad had just fucked me and that seemed to really turn him on. He started slamming his cock into me. He had me grunting and moaning and pushing back onto his cock trying for maximum penetration. It was hot it the hay loft, we were both sweating.

"Fuck me hard" I said.

He did. At the bottom of each stroke I was grunting and he was saying "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke "fuck" stroke. 

I knew he wasn't going to last much longer so I clamped my asshole as tight around him as I could and his dialog changes to "holy fuck" and after a half a dozen strokes like that he slammed home and exploded a load of cum in my ass. He held it there for about 15 seconds and then gave a few long slow strokes then shuddered and collapsed on top of me. 

His cock stayed hard and after a couple of minutes he started to stroke again. My asshole was swimming in two loads of cum already and it was as slippery as a wet cunt, not that I knew anything about cunts at the time. As he got his second wind he started thrusting in deliberately with long strokes in kind of a circular motion.

I got my knees under me and raised my ass up. He followed me planting his feet up alongside my legs and leaned forward with his hands at on my back pushing down into me and hitting some places never touched before. I was moaning and groaning my body was shaking, I was in pleasure overload.

I squeeze my ass muscles again and he slammed into me hard and blew another load. "Oh my God, that was good" he said as his cock continued to convulse.

I slid back on my stomach and he followed. We lay there sweating for a couple of minutes. His cock finally softened and slid from my ass getting a sloppy kiss as my ass closed over it. I had never felt so empty, but, in a really good way.

I rolled over and gave my hard cock two strokes and came all over my stomach and chest. When I stood up to put my pants back on with cum running out of my hole. As I squatted to pick up my briefs a big gob of cum slid from my ass onto the hay. This struck Greg as funny and he started laughing uncontrollably at my expense. I was thoroughly fucked and happy about it.

We made our way back down to the barn floor. Greg went back to his chores and I got back on my bike and wobbled home my ass slipping on the seat and realizing that I was going to have a sore asshole for a while. It was worth it.

If you liked this story, there's more!