  Author's Note: This story told in,"Becoming a Cock Slut" a two part series, my first submissions to Literotica was based on actual experiences from my life in the late 1960's. This story is a scenario that I have fantasized about, but has not yet happened. Maybe someday.... 



I am a 70 year old man who has fond memories of my late teens. It was a safer time, especially in the rural community where I grew up. As kids we were outside playing and our parents had no concerns for our safety. We knew all of our neighbors and most of them had big families. There was always someone to play with it was nothing for two kids to have a game of catch and a ball game would just happen. A piece of flat board for a bat, a sponge rubber ball and some more sticks for bases and we were good to go. 

As we grew older our interests naturally turned to girls and sex. It was different back then, the girls weren't on the pill and society as a whole was more morally judgemental. When we were 18, Brad, Greg and I were three pretty normal horny guys who hung out together. We talked about girls we knew and what we would like to do. We weren't having any luck with girls so we took our sexual frustration into our own hands, so to speak. 

In our hands it stayed for a while but eventually jerking off together wasn't enough and we started jerking each other off. It felt so much better when it was someone else's hand on our cocks. I had always enjoyed playing with my ass. When Brad found out about that he thought maybe I would like his cock in my ass. He talked me into trying it. He didn't have to try very hard. I was only too eager to feel it. Needless to say the first time was painful and I tried to get him to stop. He didn't and I loved it. Soon, Brad was fucking Greg as well and Greg was fucking me too. Brad was a total top and I preferred bottom and only topped for Greg a time or two. 

Within a few years all three of us were married and soon had children. We were all in different locations but, with ties to the community where we had grown up. My parents lived there and my wife's family lived there, but I seldom saw either Brad or Greg. When I retired I purchased a house back home and used it as a cottage. I saw Greg from time to time but neither of us mentioned our teenage shenanigans. As I started to spend more time there, my other friend Brad was back on vacation and dropped in to see me. We talked about our families, children and life in general. My wife was with me so no mention was made of our more adventurous younger lives. As he was leaving I mentioned that I had fond memories of growing up as neighbors. 

Over the next several years Brad came to visit every year that we were both in the neighborhood at the same time. He never did bring his wife with him when he visited. About 10 years ago he came to visit when my wife wasn't there. We had talked for about 15 minutes catching up when he broached the subject of our previous sex life. I was nervous about it, but he was pretty good at reading non-verbals and he could see that I was interested. Actually, I had never stopped being interested and now I was curious to find out if the chemistry was still there. 

I had been working in the garden and was sweaty and smelling bad. Brad had always been the dominant initiator. He approached me looking straight into my eyes. "Want to take a walk down memory lane?" he asked. 

"Maybe, yes, I think so, but I need to clean up," I replied. "I really need to shower." 

"Mind if I join you?" He asked. 

"OK, just give me a few minutes first," I replied. 

Being the bottom that I was, I spent the few minutes doing an anal douche to prepare for what I hoped would happen. After I flushed away the evidence, I turned on the water and called out to Brad that he could come in now. As I leaned over the edge of the tub to adjust the temperature, Brad came up behind me. He had already lost the clothes and his cock was half mast. He pushed it against the bottom of my crack and slid it up to the top and back down to my balls. He was fully engorged now as he continued slipping his cock back and forth in my crack. The tip of his cock was catching on my hungry hole every time it slid past. I moaned every time he touched my puckered hole, the memories flooded back. I hadn't felt like this in 40 years. It was a real struggle to stand up and get in the shower, I was so tempted to just stay put and let him slide his cock into my ass. 

"I think we were planning to shower," I said. 

"We were, let's do it," Brad replied. 

We stepped under the spray. Brad grabbed the soap and a face cloth and proceeded to scrub the sweat from my body. He paid particular attention to my crotch and rear end. I leaned into him feeling his hairy chest against my relatively smooth body. I was overwhelmed with desire to feel more of him. I wrapped my arms around his body so that I could rub his back and pull him to me. Our cocks were grinding against each other. We were both grunting and groaning with pleasure. I knealt slowly in front of him, my chest and face against him as I dragged my hands down his back to his ass cheeks. 

He placed his hands on my shoulders and massaged away my tenseness. His cock was now touching my face. I raised my head so that my chin rested on the tip of his cock.I was looking straight into his eyes and he into mine. I slowly pulled my face down over his cock kissing and slurping precum as my lips passed the head. I took time to flick my tongue over the glans drawing a groan from him. I continued my journey, squeezing my nose into his piss slit and over his frenulum. His cock slid up the bridge of my nose, between my eyes and over my forehead. 

As I tilted my head back reversing the move I opened my mouth and closed my lips around the beautiful mushroom head. It was so smooth and spongy feeling. I had never appreciated the texture and taste of cock in our previous life. I kissed it with a light sucking motion and was rewarded with a flood of precum. He moaned and said, "Fuck that feels sooo good, I don't ever remember you being that good with your lips way back when." 

"I have a wife and I have learned what I like. Too bad she hasn't learned yet. I plan to do for you a lot of things she doesn't often do for me." 

"Fuck yeah," he said. "My wife sucks at sucking too." 

I chuckled, cupped my tongue around the bottom of his cock and slid it to the back of my mouth, I could feel the texture of the skin and every bulging vein on his cock as it slid through my lips and over my tongue. With his cock deep in my mouth, I sucked, pressed my tongue firmly against his cock and pulled my mouth off to the head sucking up his drooling precum and leaving him with a kiss on the tip of his cock. He moaned and tried to push his cock back into my mouth. 

I raised my head looking into his eyes as his cock bumped my chin. I smiled and slipped his cock back into my mouth. He thrust and this time I let him. I held my tongue against the bottom of his cock and protected it from my teeth and he fucked my mouth. He was hitting my gag reflex and saliva was running down over his balls. 

"Ooooh fuuuck, that feels so good," he shouted as he picked up the pace. I sensed that he was getting too close for comfort and pulled off. 

He groaned in disappointment or disapproval or maybe both. "There is a lot more fun to be had. I'm not going to let you off the hook yet." I told him. I fondled his balls and suggested that we get out of the shower and into the bedroom. 

We sort of dried off and went to the bedroom. Brad pushed me onto the bed and fell in beside me. He grabbed my cock jacking it with his right hand and rolling my balls between the fingers on his left. When a pearl of precum appeared on the end of my cock he lowered his lips to it and sucked it up. I moaned with pleasure and he slipped his lips over my cockhead. "Let's 69," I said. 

Without taking his lips off my cock he moved his cock to my face. He was gentle at first and was able to make his lips feel almost like a pussy. His mouth was wet and hot. I was giving him as good as good as he was giving me. I am uncut while he is cut. I could and did apply quite a bit of pressure around the ridge of his cock head with my tongue. He was loving it and tried it on me. I groaned and let him know that it was too intense for my uncut cock. He resumed more gently while encouraging me to keep going on his cock. I held the head of his cock between my lips and slid my tongue in and out of my mouth. It was rubbing hard against his sensitive cock and my upper lip that was covering my teeth was rubbing his frenulum. We were both in the throes of pleasure. Precum was dripping from our cocks, saliva dripped from the corner of our mouths. I didn't have a lot of experience with oral but I was trying my best and from the sound of Brad's moaning I guessed I was doing pretty well. 

Brad loosened his lips on my cock and barely touched it as he moved it in and out of his mouth. The sensation wasn't intense, but it was amazing. The feathery touch of his tongue and the back of his mouth was driving me crazy. I wanted him to suck harder, but I didn't want him to stop what he was doing. My orgasm was building rapidly and he wasn't getting the attention he deserved. I told him to stop or I was going to cum. 

I went back to work on his cock. I loosened my lips on his cock and tried what he had been doing to me. It was nice, my jaws relax a bit and the veiny feel of his cock slipping in and out was wonderful. He was moaning and encouraging me on. The change in friction on his cock seemed to be exciting him even more. He started sucking me again. My cock glided over the his tongue and the roof of his mouth and it wasn't long before I was again begging him to stop before I blew my load. He didn't stop and within a few seconds I came deep in his mouth. At almost the same time his cock bulged and exploded into my mouth as well. That was a first for me I had never let him cum in my mouth when we were young. I swallowed as much as I could but some dribbled from my lips. I was surprised at the taste. It wasn't bad. The texture was a little gooey and I could feel it still coating my throat. 

"Fuck, you always did shoot big loads," I said. 

"You blew a pretty good one too," Brad complemented me. 

"Shoot, I was hoping that you would fuck me. I guess we blew that," I said. 

"No, I blew you and you blew me, but we didn't blow you getting fucked! I still recover quite quickly and last longer. In a few minutes I'm going to fuck you like we never fucked before," he said. 

We sat in the living room for a few minutes having a rum and coke and talked about our careers and the places we had lived. Brad had been working on the west coast for a few years and wouldn't retire for another five years. Before long, I was starting to get horny again and went to the chair where he was sitting and knelt between his legs. I grasped his cock and fondled his balls. He moaned and there was some swelling of his cock as blood flowed back in. I took his balls one by one into my mouth and worked them over with my tongue. His cock was still growing as I kissed and licked my way up to the head. He was nearly fully erect when my lips closed over the head of his cock. 

I curled my tongue around his cock head and worked it all around. I worked my way down the side of his cock suckin at the skin. When I reached the bottom I stuck my tongue between his balls and pressed hard against the base of his cock while sliding it back to his piss slit. He groaned and worked his cock into my mouth. As I took him deeper I could feel the erection becoming thicker. He was starting to leak precum which made it all slipperier and tastier. I looked up at him and slowly slid my lips off the tip of his cock. 

I smiled and said, "Tell me when you are ready to fuck me." 

His cock was dripping with saliva and precum. He smiled back at me and said, "I'm ready." I took his hand and led him back to the bedroom. I got some lube and a condom from the bedside table and handed it to him, then I placed a pillow in the middle of the bed and covered it with a big towel. I laid face down over the pillow and pushed my ass up. 

"Yeah, it's been along time since I've seen that sight. It's a little more hairy, but still hot." He tore open the condom and handed it to me. "If you want me to use this you will have to put it on me." 

"I know I am safe, I haven't been with anyone but my wife since the last time we were together," I said. 

"Same here," he said. "I am not tempted by other women, but a chance to do you again is just too hard to pass up." 

I tossed the condom and he lubed his cock. It had started to lose some of its stiffness. He put the lube tube right on my pucker and squeezed out a big dollop. Then he rubbed his cock head around my hole and pressed into me gradually as his cock stiffened again. By the time he was fully erect his cock head was through my sphincter and I could feel the shaft swelling to its full girth. I groaned, it was bigger than I remembered and certainly bigger than the dildo I play with. 

Brad gently fed the rest of his cock into my ass. It was velvety smooth and having a skin that slides around a cock is a much better feeling than the friction of a skinless dildo. This was the fulfillment of a long dream. I was beginning to think I would die without ever getting fucked again. I couldn't believe it was Brad that was finally doing me. He went slow with short strokes until he was balls deep. Then he paused for a few seconds staying as deep as he could get then started stroking short slow getting longer and faster before slowing to a sustainable pace. 

I could feel the contour of the girth of his cock on every thrust. It was noticeably larger toward the base and on every thrust my ass was alternately stretched and relaxed. I was moaning with pleasure on each stretching thrust. His cock was angled to hit my prostate and all too soon I could feel my orgasm start to build. I asked Brad to stop for a minute so I wouldn't cum. It had been so long without that I really wanted to make this last. He stopped and slowly withdrew. 

He asked me to roll onto my back. When I did he bent forward and kissed me a full on french kiss. We sucked each other's tongues while sliding them in and out between our lips. His cock was grinding against mine. I had to remind him that this break was supposed to prolong our sex not shorten it. We cooled it a bit and soon I was rearing to go again. I started to roll over, but he pried my legs apart and slid his cock into my crack and penetrated me from the front. This was new to us. Now we were able to look into each other's eyes and kiss. 

My hole was ready but Brad added some lube anyway. His cock slid in easily, I moaned as a wave of pleasure swept over me. I pushed my ass as if having a bowel movement increasing the friction of his cock as it passed through my sphincter. I asked him to go slow and make it last. I alternated pressure on his cock between pushing, squeezing and totally relaxed. Each had a set of pleasures. 

When pushing I could feel his cockhead opening my shute from my sphincter to fully impaled and my shute closing and pushing him out as he withdrew. "Oh fuck, that's amazing," he said as he slowly pumped and out of me. I moaned with pleasure. We did this for about a minute then when I was fully impaled, I squeezed him hard. "Ohhh FUCK!," he shouted and held still for a little while. "I can't believe how hard you can squeeze!" I held the squeeze and he moved with short strokes deep inside me. 

For me, squeezing was all about the sensation in my the sphincter. He really had to push hard to get deep then was hugged as he pulled back. This was the less comfortable with a little bit of pain, good pain. The squeeze caused Brad's strokes to slow as he labored to fuck my now extremely tight ass. "Oh god, how can you make it so tight. It's so tight it hurts. Hurts so good" He exclaimed. After a minute or so of hard fought strokes like that, I relaxed. 

When I completely relaxed I could feel every bump and vein as it slid through my gaping ass. This was a relief and Brad collapsed on top of me and pistoned his cock in and out at a tantalizingly slow pace. He forcefully held my arms above my head and lowered his lips to mine. The kiss was tender and loving. Our tongues leisurely played with each other. It was the pure joy of fucking. 

When the kiss ended he raised his head and looked into my eyes and said "push". As I followed his command he sped up a bit to overcome the extra pressure needed to penetrate me. I loved feeling of being pried open on every thrust and I could tell that this was his favorite. He was enjoying it too much. 

I squeezed hard and he had to slow. He was working my sphincter. A couple of times his cock head came out of my ass and he really had to push hard to get back inside. It hurt but he was still marching toward orgasm. 

"Slow down and fuck me gently," I said as I relaxed my entire body. "Make it last a while longer." 

He pressed all the way into me and stopped moving. I didn't twitch a muscle. He closed his eyes. I think he was concentrating on not cumming. After a considerable length of time, he slowly withdrew until only the head was inside me. His eyes stayed closed and his strokes were slow maybe five or six per minute. I lay perfectly still not squeezing or pushing in any way. His cock was gliding slowly over my prostate in almost constant contact with the sensitive organ. Several times, as he felt his orgasm ebbing, he would speed up a little bit then almost immediately have to slow down as it rebuilt. I could feel my own orgasm slowly building. I am not a big believer in heaven or hell, but if there is a heaven this was it. 

After about ten minutes of this slow dance in my ass, I told him that I was very close to cumming. He lowered his lips again and we kissed feverishly and he drove his cock deep and hard into me. I pushed against him and the extra pressure combined with the hot kiss took him to the edge and took me over the edge. My ass clenched around his cock, clutching him repeatedly as my orgasm continued. His strokes shortened, his cock swelled and he pumped his load into me. His cum lubricated my ass and started leaking around his cock. My load coated our stomachs and chests. The kiss went from hard and urgent to soft and tender as our orgasms subsided. 

We had fucked for over 20 minutes. I was feeling a little sore and knew it would last for a day or two. 

"Oh my god, it has been way too long!" Brad sighed. 

"Do you really have to go back to your wife?" I asked. 

He was leaving the next day to return to his home. I did see him a few more times over the next five years, but we were never alone together. My wife was unwell and I couldn't leave her alone. It was frustrating for both of us. We stayed in touch by private emails and shared our erotic thoughts and fantasies. I was always glad to hear from him or to see him but I needed to be with him. My wife's health deteriorated and I lost her at age 65. A few months later Brad retired and we made plans to see each other again. He still lived out west but wasn't tied by a job. He still had to work around his wife's plans, so he wouldn't be coming for vacation until summer. 

I started dreaming about summer.