 When I started Dating way back in the sixties I did not always have a car at my disposal. On days like that my girlfriend and I would walk from her house up town to a movie and then back to her place after the show. We would neck in the theater and if the weather was nice sometimes in a secluded spot on the way home but that was about it for my sex life with her. At that time although I had had some experiences with men sucking each other I didn't know anyone who ever admitted being gay and had never come across anyone near my own age. All my partners had been men in their 30's or even older.

One particular summer Saturday my girl and I had had our usual date and after dropping her off instead of heading straight home I wandered over through the town to the park near the local radio station. I had found out that the park area and the spots under the bridge there were a cruising place for guys looking to hook up with someone for some casual sex and being the horny bastard I was after necking with her for a couple of hours I went there hoping to find some relief.

Usually when I got to the park I wandered on some of the trails just below the street. There was a stone wall beside the sidewalk and a drop of about 10 ft to a trail right below the wall. Pretty much anyone down there after dark was looking for someone to play with so it was just a question of seeing someone you liked and then figuring out if either of you had the courage to make the first move and see where it went from there.

On this particular night I saw a guy around 30 walking along the trail and smiled at him as we passed. A little later I realized he had changed directions and was following me so I went into a small grove of trees and took out my cock to take a piss. If he was interested he'd follow and if not I'd just say I had to go and expected he'd understand. The man followed me into the trees and said nothing as I pissed into the shrubs but stood a few feet away and watched. When I was done he quietly asked if I was looking for anything more than just a piss in the woods. I told him I might be depending on what it was and he grinned and said it was the sort of fun men had with each other.

At that point I admitted that that sounded pretty interesting and then he said he didn't really like playing there because it was often too busy and wondered if I'd go to Burgoyne woods with him. Since that was much nearer my home I greed and we walked out of the park and got into his car. On the short drive over to the Woods he started rubbing my leg and feeling my cock through my trousers.

At Burgoyne woods there were 2 loops you could drive on. The first one was near the swimming pool and the second farther into the park right beside the golf course. Both areas were favourite parking spots for locals and he drove into the farther loop and found a spot to pull off and park tucked back among some mature trees. He then suggested getting out of the car and we went around behind his car. Once there he told me to lean on the trunk and started feeling my cock again. As he was doing that he said he liked it here because he could see anyone driving into the area well before they could see us so we could cover up if need be. 

While rubbing my cock with one hand he undid his belt and pants with the other and took out his own cock. I proceeded to do the same with mine and then for a few moments we stood there feeling each other's cock and getting hard. He bent over and took mine into his mouth sucking on it for a couple of minutes and then straightened up again. I took that opportunity to kneel down and he fed his cock into my mouth. He was about the same size as me and had a big head on his cock. He was completely hard now and he slowly fucked my face sliding his cock almost out of my mouth and then back in and gave a sigh as I pushed forward and took his entire cock into my mouth with the head of it sliding into my throat. He asked where I had learned to do that and I told him truthfully that it was mostly in the other park around the bridge. 

While in this position he started again slowly fucking my face and then we both saw the lights from car enter the other end of the loop and start towards us. We both covered up but as the car approached I saw it was a cop car and wondered how we could explain being 2 guys together here if they bothered to stop and ask. I was thinking of walking off into the woods but the other guy said not to worry about it we weren't caught doing anything wrong so there was no need to do anything silly. I was still very nervous especially when the cop car stopped and the policeman got out and came over to us.

His first question was what were we doing out there in the woods after dark and the driver said, which shocked me, "we were doing what you think we were doing till you interrupted us."

The cop chuckled and said, "Why don't you continue then and show me."

At that the guy who had driven me there undid his pants again and took out his cock, I just stood there stunned but he told me the cop was a friend of his and it would be okay. He then turned to the cop and said, "You should see this guy swallow dick. He can deep throat me no problem."

"I'd like to see that," said the cop while I still just stood there scared and stunned. He then turned to me and asked if it was true. I stammered out a yes and he said, "Then let me see you do it."

At that I knelt down again and turning towards the driver took his cock into my mouth. As he pushed forwards I did the same thing and swallowed him completely. The cop whistled softly and said he was impressed. The driver went back to slowly fucking my face and I went back to sucking him while the cop stood right beside me watching. It wasn't long till the driver started moaning and I felt his cock swell and then start pulsing as he shot gobs of cum into my mouth which I swallowed. As he pulled out of my mouth he put his hand on my head and turned me towards the cop.

I was not entirely surprised to see he had taken his own cock out and was stroking it quickly beside me. The driver told me to hurry up and suck him and see if I could swallow him as well. 

The cop said to hop to it he had to get moving again or his sergeant would be wondering what he was doing. I took his cock in my mouth as he stepped in front of me and h started fucking my face rather roughly. The first couple of times he thrust into the back of my throat I gagged on him but then taking his hips in my hands I slowed him down took a deep breath and slowly pushed him past the gagging point and down my throat. I was rewarded for this with a deep groan and a "damn that's good", from the cop. He was a lot bigger than the first guy, about 8 inches and thicker too. He took the hint and instead of fucking into my mouth he started letting me set the pace. Although it was a bit difficult I continued to alternate between pulling off his cock a bit so I could breathe and licking all around the head and particularly under the end of his cock and then sliding it right down my throat again. About the third or fourth time I had swallowed him to the hilt while he was buried in my throat I swallowed and as he felt the muscles in my throat flex he groaned again. He asked at that point if he could blow his load when he was buried in my throat like that and I told him that was fine but to give me a warning when he was about to shoot.

After a few more minutes of sucking him he told me he was close. I took a few deep breaths then slid him down my throat again and started repeatedly swallowing with him there. He groaned and I felt his cock begin pulsing hard in my mouth and knew he was shooting his spunk right into me. With a final groan from him he pulled back out of me and quickly zipped up. He thanked me and told us both to be wary if another cop car came in because it wouldn't be him next time. I stood up a bit shaky from the experience and then the driver without another word took my cock out and started sucking me while the cop drove off.

With him working on me and all the excitement of the evening it wasn't long before I told him I was going to come at which he sucked even harder and swallowed all the cum I pumped into his mouth. He then asked if I wanted a ride back to the Bridge and I told him that I was fine there and could walk home as I lived in the south end. Just as I was going to leave he handed me his business card and told me to call him anytime I was interested in a bit more fun. Over the next couple of years we got together several times but that will be in some other stories.