  This is the last part of this story which was based loosely on real life. Any future stories that I write will be pure fantasy.

In the first part of this story titled "Becoming a Cock Slut" I told you about my first two weeks after discovering the joy of anal sex and it was based on my memories of that time in my life with just a little embellishment. Part 2 will be some highlights and some shudda's from the next few months with Brad and Greg. (I'll let you decide which parts are highlights and which are shudda's).

*****

Over the next few weeks I had sex with either Brad or Greg several times a week, always good and with happy endings, but nothing unusual. Then one day around the end of July we were all together for a swim at the beach near Greg's house. As you would expect there was lots of horsing around in the water. This led to some, shall we say, bodily contact which led to some hard cocks.

Greg exclaimed "I'm so fucking horny."

"So am I." said Brad

"Me too." I said.

There were cottages not far away so we decided to go someplace more private and ended up in the barn at Greg's family farm. We went into the hay loft, the same place where Greg had fucked me silly just a few weeks before and got undressed. At this point it just seemed natural to reach for Greg's cock and he reached for Brad's and Brad reached for mine. The circle jerk lasted for a few minutes until precum was dripping from our cocks.

"Why are we wasting all of this good lube" said Brad.

"Fuck" said Greg 

"Yessss" I said. Then we did!

Brad wanted to fuck Greg and Greg wanted to fuck me, so I got on my knees and Greg rubbed his dripping cock against my hole and gave a push. I was ready and the entry was smooth and painless. God how I loved that feeling of fullness with 6½ inches of solid cock up my ass. Brad then mounted Greg and as he fully impaled Greg's ass we were locked and set to go. It was a little awkward, Brad was pumping away at Greg's ass and I'm sure that was great for both of them. I, on the other hand, was full of cock and that was great, but it was just giving me a little bump each time Brad bottomed out in Greg.

"Let's try something different." I said. "Brad, put your hands on Greg's shoulders then pull your cock about half way out and don't move."

"OK" he said.

Then I said "Greg, just move your hips back and forth' so that you are fucking yourself with Brad's cock on the backstroke and you are fucking me on the forward stroke."

Brad managed to keep his cock in Greg's ass without slipping out and everyone was getting properly fucked. Brad the top, Greg the versatile and me the bottom. We all loved it with lots of grunting and moaning and the occasional "FUCK that's good."

Greg was getting the most stimulation and was the first to cum. He flooded my ass with a nice big load of slippery, gooey, thick white cum. I collapsed onto my stomach and felt the weight of my two buddies on top of me. As Greg's cock softened in my hole he just laid there for a minute with Brad slowly pumping his hard cock into him.

Then Greg said to Brad "do you want a slippery hole?"

"Fuck yes!" Brad beamed.

Brad pulled out of Greg as Greg pulled out of me. My ass had no sooner kissed Greg cock goodbye than it kissed Brad's hello. It didn't last much longer but it was a totally uninhibited ride from there. The load of cum in my ass made for a slick slippery noisy fuck and Brad's strokes were nearly the full length of his cock with perfect rhythm the head of his cock would come out until just the tip was there to guide him back in. Brad's strokes started to become shorter from six inches, to five, to four, to three, then he slammed into me to the hilt and exploded his load. "oooh FUCK that was GOOD!" he cried.

"So fucking slippery, so fucking hot, sooo fucking GOOD!" I exclaimed

Greg who had been watching had gotten his second wind. As Brad's cock slipped from my ass I felt Greg's hand on my shoulder as he held me down and slammed to the hilt into me again. By this time there was so much cum in me that on every backstroke a little cum was leaking from my ass and running down onto my balls and his balls were splashing into that gooey mess as he slammed home on the forward stroke. It gave a whole new meaning to the comment "what a fucking mess." By the time he came we were both panting with exhaustion and totally satiated. We laid there as he softened and then slipped from my hole. He kissed me on the neck, I turned my head and he planted one on my lips. I kissed back, it was brief but it was a kiss. It was the first time a guy had kissed me. I was trying to figure out how I felt about that.

It was about the middle of August, Brad and I were going away to school at the beginning of September. Brad had been wanting me to suck his cock for several weeks. I resisted because I thought it would be gross and why would I do that when I was enjoying getting fucked so much. Then one day we were fooling around and I was expecting to get a good fucking, but Brad had other ideas. We had been rubbing each other's crotch and were both hard and ready for more. We got undressed.

I got on my knees and said "fuck me."

He backed off and said "Not unless you suck my cock first." 

I resorted to begging and praising "please Brad, fuck me, I need to feel your big cock in my ass."

"No, not until you suck my cock" he said.

I took hold of his cock, spit on it and rubbed the spit in with my hand making sure he was enjoying what I was doing. As I stroked his cock my thumb was slipping back and forth over his piss slit. I had him moaning with pleasure and added more saliva to the mix so that his cock was nice and wet. I could tell he was enjoying himself and thought he may be ready to fuck me and said "please fuck me now."

He looked down at me and said "not until you suck my cock".

He was starting to get dressed so I knew if I wanted to get fucked I would have to suck his cock. I stuck my tongue out and ran it over the head of his dick and didn't taste anything bad so I got a little braver and slid my lips over the head, held them there and licked all around the head in circular motion. He started to moan and I started to get turned on to the feeling of power that I suddenly felt. I took another inch or so into my mouth and pressed my tongue against the bottom of his cock with my lips protecting the top from my teeth and slowly slid his cock in and out of my mouth.

Brad cried "oooh god that feels so fucking good, take more, take my whole fucking cock, take it all, it's soooo FUCKING good, mmmmm."

I took as much as I could handle but there was still about two inches that wasn't fitting in my mouth. His cock head was hitting the back of my throat on each stroke triggering my gag reflex. He didn't try to force it all down my throat and allowed me to take what I could. Gradually the gag reflex was easing a bit and I found my lips edging closer and closer to his pubes, they were already tickling my nose. I could tell that Brad was getting close to cumming. I increased my efforts slamming my mouth down on his cock the head going deep in my throat. I was able to hold it there for a few seconds then pulled back so that I held just the head between my lips.

I looked up into his eyes and could see the want and need to cum in his eyes. At this point I could have said 'now fuck me' but I didn't I sucked on the head while slipping my lips off the end, opened my mouth and did it again. I felt his body start to shudder as he held his come. I slid back down onto his cock until it hit the back of my throat, sucked hard and slowly pulled back. With just the head left in my mouth and still sucking, hiss cum exploded into my mouth. The first squirt almost filled my mouth and was followed by four or five more of smaller amounts. I had to either swallow or get it all over my face and I thought that would be gross so I swallowed as much as I could. A little cum drooled out the corners of my mouth and off my chin. I held his cock in my mouth licking at the slit looking for more.

Brad said "fuck man that is too intense."

I stopped sucking and slid my mouth about half way down his cock letting it soften in my mouth before pulling back and sucking the last drop off the tip. Brad was still catching his breath and had trouble talking "ho heh ho heh holy fu fu fuck, that was amaaazing."

I said "I suppose this means I don't get fucked."

He said "just give me a few minutes and I will give you a fuck you won't soon forget" and he did.

I had been away at school since early September returning home for the Thanksgiving weekend in October. Greg had stayed at home and was working on his father's farm. Greg had worked all day on Saturday. We made arrangements to get together after he finished working to catch up. It was harvest time so work on the farm went on until near dark. By the time Greg had showered and got ready to meet me it was dark. He brought his dad's car and we went for a drive.

There was a hangout frequented by young adults in the village where we had attended high school. We met some old schoolmates both male and female and had a good time, trying but failing to pick up a couple of girls from our graduating class. After an hour we headed back toward home. On the way home I told Greg that the little house that my father owned and rented out was vacant and since we had struck out with the girls, maybe we could go there and fuck.

He said "that sounds like a good plan. I have been working hard all week and can't think of a better way to unwind."

The house was behind a grove of trees and we could park the car where it wouldn't be noticed. The moon was full and visibility was good. There was no traffic on the road so he killed the lights about a quarter mile before the driveway and we coasted quietly into a parking place behind the trees. In those days in our community there were very few locked doors and my dad's rental house was no exception. The house had some furniture that belonged to my dad and stayed with the house. We went inside and without any lights made our way to one of the bedrooms.

We stripped naked and laid down on the bed. I realized that this was the first time that I would get fucked on a bed and the first time that I had done it in the dark. I reached for Greg's cock and he groaned. He was already hard and I moved so that my mouth was close to his cock. I leaned in and licked his cock from his balls to the tip, slipped the head into my mouth and sucked hard.

Greg said "fuck where did that come from? Did you learn that at school?"

I said "no Brad talked me into trying it just before we left for school."

I continued to suck on his cock and before too long had all of it in my mouth and throat. With it wedged into my throat I swallowed and he shuddered.

"Fuck that feels good" he said "but I am not going to last long and I want to shoot my first load in your ass so it will be slippery for another good long fuck."

I slipped my mouth off his cock giving it a friendly kiss before letting it go. I got on my knees and Greg came up behind me. He lubed my ass with saliva and slowly reintroduced his already wet cock to my ass. It had been a while and there was a little pain on entry but it went away quickly. Greg started a slow pump into me and as he had predicted he didn't' last long before blowing a nice load into my bowels.

He said "fuck I needed that. I haven't cum since last Sunday and haven't fucked since you went away to school."

We rested for a few minutes. After he came down from the orgasm I reached down cupping his balls and sucked on one of his nipples. When a hard little nub formed under my lips, I nipped it gently with my teeth. His body stiffened and so did his cock.

He said "fuck man you are full of surprises tonight. Do the other one."

I sucked on the other nipple and nipped at it too. He shuddered and pushed me onto my back. He grabbed a pillow and told me to raise my butt and get ready to be fucked. With my ass elevated and legs spread he tried to line his cock up with my ass. It was different doing it with me on my back and in the dark. Greg had to rub the head of his cock around to find the hole. I think he was enjoying it because even after he found the hole he kept rubbing my ass with his cockhead.

I said "that feels so fucking good. Take your time, fuck me slow and long."

He rubbed in ever decreasing circles around my asshole until he was drilling into my hole. When the head was inside he started rotating his pelvis as his cock slowly entered my slippery, sloppy cum drenched asshole. I had never felt anything like this before. He kept going at a slow pace and stretching my ass with his rotary motion on each stroke. He was bumping my prostate on each stroke sawing across it on the in/out motion and side to side because of the rotary motion. He kept this up for about ten minutes both of us making unintelligible noises. I still hadn't touched my cock and neither had Greg.

"Fuck yesssss." I screamed. I was glad there were no close neighbours to hear me.

At this point Greg couldn't help but to speed up and slowly accelerated the pace of his stroked still punishing my prostate on each stroke. As his speed increased the precum that had been leaking for quite a while now became a full blown orgasm spewing onto our bellies and chests and pubes. When the orgasm hit my ass muscles clenched around Greg's cock and sent him over the edge filling my ass to overflowing. As his last few strokes squished into my thoroughly fucked ass hole Greg started saying "FUCK, FUCK, FUCK, FUCK."

I chimed in with "YES, YES, YES, YESSSSS."

We laid there breathing heavily with my ass clenching and squeezing his cock as it softened and slid slowly out. My ass kissed his cockhead as it slowly closed. Neither of us moved, Greg leaned into me and kissed me on the lips and this time I kissed him back and knew I liked it. I now considered myself a full blown cock slut.

Even though I went on to get married and have children and grandchildren, I still consider that fuck and orgasm without ever touching my cock as the best sex I ever had.