 "Hey, do you want some help?" 

I looked up and saw a large man towering over me. 

"Excuse me?" I asked him. 

"Well, I could spot you if you wanted to do more than just free weights," the man offered. 

I looked up at the guy. He looked huge! Especially with me sitting on the bench. 

The guy easily stood over six feet tall. Maybe six feet four inches, a couple of inches taller than me. And he was easily larger than me. But not by a lot. I may be only 18, but I've been lifting weights for the past two years fairly religiously. I had seen this guy around the gym but never really talked to him. 

"So, do you want some help?" 

"Yeah, sure," I finally said. I couldn't help but stare at him. He was objectively attractive, even for a guy. He wore a loose cut-sleeve tank that showed off his large arms. His thick legs were barely covered by a pair of shorts that stopped above the knees. 

"It looks like you're doing arms today, do you want to hit the bench press?" the guy offered. He started moving toward the bench before I could respond. 

Shit, I guess I should follow. I need to do it anyway, I thought to myself. I followed him and watched him start stacking on weights. 

"Woah, I don't think I can do too many reps at that weight," I said throwing up my hands. 

"Don't worry, this is for me," the guy responded. He finished putting on the weights and laid down on the bench. 

I took my position by his head placing my hands under the bar. The guy worked through 15 reps before we switched places. I told him what I normally lift and he went down to that weight. I was able to get through 15 reps as well before we switched places again. 

He went through his again but when we switched he added five pounds to my bar. I got through 15 reps of my own again before we switched. We went through another 15 reps before calling it quits. While doing the bench press I couldn't help but look at his crotch. Even when he upped my weight and I had to work harder, all I could do was stare harder at his crotch And there was a lot to look at. 

His bulge was large and stood out a good amount from his crotch. During my last set he stood a little closer to me so that I could see just inside his shorts. I couldn't keep my eyes off the red flash that I would see every time I pushed the bar up. I even thought he was checking me out when I was spotting him and when he was spotting me. 

We went through a few more upper body lifts before we finally finished. 

"You want to hit the sauna?" the guy asked as we finished our last set. 

"Um, I guess. I didn't really bring a towel though," I lamely said. I enjoyed spending time with the guy and we spoke little. I still didn't even know his name. 

"Don't worry, they have some towels you can use. I usually use theirs for the sauna anyway," the guy responded upbeat. He turned towards the locker room and I quickly followed. 

We went to our respective lockers, a couple of banks away from each other. We striped down and wrapped towels around each other. I kind of hoped we were closer so I could catch a look at what made his late bulge. 

What was I thinking? 

I stood by my locker with a small towel around my waist about to go to a sauna with another guy whose name I still didn't know. What the fuck. 

"Hey are you ready to go?" the guy asked. Holy shit! I thought to myself. The guy was a few years older than me and looked like the guys on muscle magazines. Well not as bulging muscles but he you could clearly see his muscles. His pecs were defined with some nice nipples poking out. Nice nipples? What? He also had some hard washboard abs. He had a light coat of hair over his chest and abs. 

"So are you ready?" the guy asked again. 

Fuck, how long had I been staring. 

"Yeah I'm ready," I rapidly responded. 

The guy just smirked at me and walked toward the sauna. And I got a nice look at his hard bubble butt and tight calves. His body was amazing. Hot enough to make my body start to react. 

Being late at night, there weren't a lot of people at the gym so we had the sauna to ourselves. 

The mystery man finally introduced himself, "I'm Thomas, by the way." 

"Alex," I responded. 

"Nice to meet you. I've seen you around for a while now. How old are you anyway?" The guy started up. 

"I'm 18. Still in high school," I responded. 

"Oh, a senior huh? How did you end up here? There aren't a whole lot of high schoolers here." 

"Yeah I started coming here a couple of years ago because of that." 

"You didn't want people to see you?" 

"Yeah kinda." 

"Cool." 

The conversation trailed off there. As the conversation trailed off so did my eye contact. I finally took in all of Thomas. 

He looked to be about 25 years old. He was definitely tall. Taller than me. Probably around six feet four inches to my six feet two inches. He had short brown hair that at this point was stuck to his head. He had bushy eyebrows that sat over deep set eyes. The shadow from his eyebrows only made his blue eyes seem more bright. He had a square jaw with a nice five o'clock shadow dusting his face. 

My eyes followed down Thomas's thick neck to his pecs. Again, his muscles weren't huge but he definitely paid attention to them. He looked like a baseball player. I followed down his thick hairy arms past his lightly hairy torso. Finally, my eyes stopped at his crotch. I couldn't help staring because his trail of hair led straight to his towel. 

When my eyes fell in Thomas's lap, his hand moved there as well. He grabbed his crotch. 

"You like what you see?" 

I could feel myself turn bright red. 

"I know you've been looking at it all night," the guy continued. His hand started to tug at his large cock. 

"What? No I haven't," I tried to say while still mesmerized by his now growing cock. 

"Why don't you slide a little closer?" Thomas offered. He made no movement towards me. 

Only looked into my eyes. Unfortunately, my eyes were glued to Thomas's large cock now tenting his towel quite prominently. It was growing by the second. 

Finally I was face to face with Thomas's large cock. Fuck. Now what? That was a stupid question I knew exactly what would happen next. And so did Thomas. 

"That's a good boy. Why don't you touch it," Thomas continued. His hand had moved away from his crotch and now only the towel covered it, and just barely. 

I inspected Thomas's crotch. The towel covered most of Thomas's large cock but his heavy sack hung low. A large amount of hair covered Thomas's sack but was kept short. I could see a little of Thomas's shaft and it was very thick with thick veins running down it. I could see a little of his pubes which were kept short and well trimmed. 

I couldn't help but think of my unruly bush and felt embarrassed by it. I checked the knot on my towel and felt my hard cock. The tingle from my hand brushing the coarse fibers against my sensitive cockhead only got me more excited. 

Shit, I'm really going to do this aren't I? 

I reached out my hand and cupped his balls. They were very heavy and with the heat of the sauna, felt even hotter. 

"That feels good boy," Thomas sighed. "You can roll them around. Feel what a real man's balls feel like." I registered what he said but couldn't help doing what he said. I rolled his balls between my fingers and felt their fullness. 

"Pull my towel away with your other hand." I quickly pulled his towel away, revealing the full glory of Thomas's cock. 

Holy SHIT! The cock was huge! It had to be at least eight inches long and very thick. His balls definitely matched his cock. His cockhead was cut with a big flared head. Mine on the other hand was only around five inches and about half as thick. My balls were not very large and did not hang low. 

Before I knew it, my hands were wrapped around his large cock and stroking it up and down. 

"Damn boy. I don't need to tell you what to do, do I?" Thomas said with a laugh. 

I barely heard him as I was mesmerized by my hands running up and down its length. After a few strokes, a drop of precum formed on the head. It formed in a nice drop right on top of his slit. 

What did it taste like? Where did that thought come from. But it started to override my body. I moved my head closer and closer. 

I reached my tongue out. 

My tongue started from the bottom of the slit and ran to the top. The drop of precum rested on the top of my tongue flooding my tastebuds. 

Oh man did it taste good to me. I loved the salty, sweet taste of the precum. I rubbed it on the roof of my mouth enjoying the texture. It slid around the roof before slipping into my throat. 

Fuck! I couldn't believe how it tasted. I immediately dove back onto Thomas's cock. My lips created a seal around his cock head and I sucked for all I was worth. 

Up and down I bobbed my head. I could barely get half of the cock into my mouth. I worked as hard as I could but I could tell it wasn't enough. I tried a couple of times to fit the cock into my throat and deepthroat it. I gagged every time and drooled more saliva down his shaft. 

I finally brought both of my hands up and wrapped them around his shaft. I started to pump Thomas's cock as I sucked on him. I built a rhythm to pull the cock towards my mouth every time I sucked in. I would suck harder every time I pulled back, just to make sure it would not pop out. 

Thomas kept moaning. Every once in awhile he would offer encouragement. He would say things like, "That's it keep sucking." "You're a natural at this." "My cock loves what you're doing." "You're such a great cocksucker." 

That last phrase kept me going. He repeated that a few times and every time I increased my efforts. I think Thomas realized this and loved it. 

Cocksucker. I never thought anyone would have called me that. And I never thought I would enjoy it. But something about it felt right. And really, I was sucking Thomas's cock - and loving it. 

After a few minutes, Thomas grabbed my hair. My hands fell to the wooden bench, grasping it tight as Thomas started to thrust in my mouth. 

The head of Thomas's cock pounded against the back of my throat. I kept gagging, but Thomas kept thrusting. I kept my mouth sealed around Thomas's cock as best I could while continuing to suck. 

Suddenly, Thomas pulled out. His free hand started stroking his cock. I opened my eyes shocked that he would pull out. 

"Take my load my muscle cocksucker!" Thomas roared. I watched, mesmerized, as Thomas shot his load at my face. 

I closed my eyes as I felt the first hot stream of cum hit my forehead. A second shot quickly followed hitting me directly between my eyes. It splashed across my eyes and down my nose. The next shot landed on my nose, followed by another on my lips. The rest dribbled off his cock. 

Thomas's hand was still in my hair holding me in place, but I wouldn't have moved anyway. Thomas held me in place until he had finally settled down. His cock was softening but he flicked it towards me. 

I didn't need any more encouragement. I opened my mouth and slipped Thomas's cock into my mouth. I sucked on his cock and used my hands to milk the rest of his cum. I tugged on his softening cock getting my first taste of actual cum. 

I only got a taste from Thomas's soft cock, but it still tasted amazing. I loved the slippery texture of the cum as it slid between my tongue and the roof of my mouth. The salty flavour tasted good to me. I enjoyed it. 

Finally, Thomas let me go. He stood up. Patted me on the head. And left the sauna. 

I stayed on bench, still on my knees, my hands supporting my upper body. Cum ran down my face. I licked at some of cum that was around my face. I subconsciously started humping the air while licking at the cum. My cock was still rock hard, and I realized my towel had fallen to the floor. 

Suddenly embarrassed I grabbed my towel and re-wrapped it around my waist. 

"Fuck," I moaned when the towel touched my cock. It needed attention, but I couldn't touch it here. At least I didn't want to here. 

I quickly exited the sauna. Once outside, the cool air felt good on my skin. It started to cool the cum on my face, which I embarrassingly realized was still on my face. I quickly pulled off the towel and wiped off my face. When I finished wiping I paused for a moment smelling the aroma of cum. 

What had happened to me tonight? What was going on? Fuck, I was so horny, and I had just sucked off a guy. What was I thinking? 

Suddenly, I broke out of my reverie realizing I was standing naked with a cum-soaked towel held to my face. 

I quickly ran to my locker and changed. Thomas was nowhere to be seen as I hurried out the door. 

I made it back to my house without any incident. It was a little after 10:30pm when I scurried into the house. My parents were thankfully watching TV still, and me getting home at this time was not out of the ordinary. 

When In the shower, I quickly masturbated. It didn't take too long, maybe only a few strokes before I shot my load. I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. My orgasm brought me to my knees as I pumped furiously. 

While ejaculating, I was lucky enough to catch some of my load on my free hand. I quickly brought it up to my mouth. Before I tasted my cum I stopped myself. The excitement of everything, and my horniness left me and I was left fully conscious of what I was about to do. 

"What the fuck," I said to myself. I let the cum wash off my hands and my body. I washed my body and as the water rinsed off the soap I came back to my senses. 

"What did I do?" I asked myself. I felt ashamed by what happened. My face turned red as I felt embarrassment flood through me. I slowly toweled myself off as I thought back through the night. It was a very eventful night, and I felt like it was an out-of-body experience. I felt like I had been a different person after meeting the guy. It was obviously a pleasurable one, but one I wasn't sure I wanted to repeat. 

I decided the best course of action was to sleep it off.