 BEEP! BEEP! I rolled over and pulled out my phone. 6:45am. Thursday. October 1st. The first day of October. My throat was scratchy and sore.

The memories of yesterday came flooding back.

What the fuck had I done? I pushed the thoughts out of my mind as best I could. Pulling the sheets off my body only revealed my raging morning wood.

Great, I thought to myself as I walked to the bathroom. I hopped in the shower quick and jacked off.

I tried to think of things other than Thomas, but he kept coming back. My shower was taking a long time trying to balance my thoughts so I finally just let into my desires.

My imagination ran wild creating a new scenario:

Thomas stood over me as I fell to my knees. The cold, hard floor of the locker room sent goosebumps up my legs. The cool air made my bare balls tighten up towards my hard cock. My hands were glued to Thomas's butt cheeks. He looked down at me and smirked. That smirk only got me going more. I opened my mouth and took Thomas's large cock into my mouth. I pulled it in and when it hit the back of my throat, I was able to take it deeper. I took Thomas's cock deep into my throat causing him to moan. The moan was the only encouragement I wanted, or needed. I slid my throat up and down on Thomas's cock. Once Thomas got close to cumming, he grabbed my head and fucked my face until he blew his load down my throat.

As I imagined Thomas shooting his load down my throat, I shot my own load onto the shower floor.

Fuck, I thought to myself as I cleaned up. I washed my hair and scrubbed my body clean. How the hell did all this happen. I quickly toweled off and went to my dresser.

I sifted through my clothes thinking about what to wear. I decided on a pair of boxers, the tightest pair of blue jeans, and a tight t-shirt. Why did I pick the tight clothes? Maybe it was some inner stereotype of gay men. Maybe it was just me wanting to look a little promiscuous. Either way I checked myself out in the mirror and thought I looked hot. But for who?

I grabbed a quick granola bar and some juice for breakfast as I rushed out the door. I drove to school and had a pretty uneventful day.

I was bored throughout my classes and dragged through the day. All the boredom got to me though. The tight pants were not the best idea since I could only think of Thomas, and what I had done and what I could do with him. My thoughts only made my pants more tight and more uncomfortable.

I almost died of embarrassment at one point though. I was walking through the halls after lunch, heading back to class. I was daydreaming again about Thomas when I bumped into another kid.

"Oof," the kid squeaked out bouncing off me. His books spilled to the floor and he fell on his butt.

"Sorry there," I said looking down.

The kid looked up at me and he got a face full of crotch first. I noticed his gaze lingered there as he looked up at me.

"Sorry, that was my fault I wasn't really looking," the kid said starting to collect his stuff. I crouched down and started helping him. Our hands brushed as we both reached for a notebook. The other kid quickly pulled his hand back.

I picked up the notebook, but the kid had picked up everything else. I looked up slightly at the kid as I stood up. My hand brushed against the front of his pants. Holy shit! I thought to myself. The kid's cock felt huge!

"Here you go, um, what's your name?" I asked.

The kid responded, "I'm Patrick, but everyone just calls me Pat."

"Nice to meet you. I'm Alex."

"Yeah, I know," the kid said sounding a little distracted now.

"Really?" I asked looking down at him. The kid just blushed and rushed off.

After school I was still extremely horny. Thankfully I was going to meet my girlfriend. We normally hung out after school. Her name was Christina or Chrissy. I always found her very attractive and most people agreed she was super cute. She was about five feet, four inches with an athletic build. We first started hanging out freshman year; then started dating sophomore year.

She supported me when I started working out. We never worked out together because I was quite embarrassed that my, quite smaller, girlfriend could do more than me. But, even after I started showing some progress, my girlfriend and I enjoyed our alone time at our respective gyms. She had her gym friends, and I had, well, people who worked out with me.

"So what's with the tight clothes today? You've been showing off all day," Chrissy said as we walked into her house. She grabbed my half hard cock and squeezed lightly. I moaned quietly. "So? Did you just feel like it today or what?"

"Yeah, I was a little horny this morning and thought I'd dress a little special today," I said honestly. I didn't go into much explanation as to why I was so horny though.

Chrissy just smiled at me.

"That's fine babe, why don't you move over to the couch," Chrissy said, guiding me by my cock to the couch. She sat me down and immediately undid my jeans. She opened just the fly seeing my trapped cock in my boxers. "Doesn't that look cute. And a little painful." Chrissy smiled and covered my cock with her mouth.

Chrissy nibbled and licked at my boxer-covered shaft. My cock continued to bulge as it grew. It also caused a bit more discomfort. That discomfort changed to slight pain as my cock head was still trapped in my pants.

Chrissy was amazing though, and noticed my discomfort so quickly peeled off my jeans. My cock was let loose from my pants and was now tenting my boxers.

"Thanks babe, that feels much better," I said with a sigh.

"Well, then maybe I should stop," Chrissy said with a glint in her eye.

"Oh, please don't," I moaned as her hands started rubbing my cock.

Her warm mouth covered my cock head now. It felt amazing feeling her warm, wet mouth over my boxer-covered cock.

"Oh man that feels good,' I moaned. I closed my eyes and let Chrissy do her thing. She had told me and she seemed to really enjoy doing this stuff to me so I always let her. I always tried to return the favor to her too.

Chrissy finally pulled my boxers down. My bare bottom sunk into the couch while my cock sunk into Chrissy's mouth. My mind started to wander. The feelings she was giving me were incredible. I started to pay attention to what exactly she was doing to my cock.

Her tongue danced over the top of my cock. Paying special attention to the ridge. It slide over first using the tip, then spreading out wide over the top. My tongue started to follow what she was doing. Although my tongue didn't have a cock in my mouth, I imagined the only cock I had ever had.

Chrissy changed up her technique which only made me squirm. I tried to pull away but Chrissy didn't let me go. I was getting so horny imagining what I was doing to Thomas, knowing exactly how it would feel. Chrissy worked her magic some more feeling my orgasm build up. In my imagination, Thomas's orgasm was also building.

"Oh fuck!," I moaned. Thomas was also moaning as I shot my load down Chrissy's throat just like Thomas shot his down mine. I took a second to calm down as I felt Chrissy softly nursing my softening cock. I looked down at Chrissy, her eyes closed, wishing that was me with a mouth full of cum. Wait what. No. I was happy to see Chrissy with my load in her throat. I didn't need one in mine.

But I did want it.

"Thanks," I said to Chrissy as she pressed her tongue to the base of my cock. As she pulled off it, she pressed her tongue into my soft cock and pulled out the last few drops of cum.

She swallowed before saying, "No problem. Always glad to help." She winked at me before moving up to kiss me. We had never kissed after she gave me a blowjob. I wasn't sure what came over her, or me for that matter.

She moved up my body. Her lips slowly moved towards mine. I could see trace remnants of cum still on her lips as they touched mine.

I got my first taste of my own cum.

It didn't taste bad. It was ok. But my tongue had a mind of its own as it explored her mouth. And explore more of my own taste.

Her arms wrapped around my neck as she straddled my legs. She rubbed her crotch against my abs while we continued to kiss. My arms wrapped around her as I pulled her in close.

We continued to kiss for a while longer before she finally broke it.

"That was hot," she said seductively. It wasn't hard to tell she was extremely horny still.

I picked up her and laid her on the couch. Her head rested on the armrest. I slid down her body. I undid her jeans and pulled them down to her knees. She wore navy blue panties with white polka dots. Her legs were completely smooth still, even though it was winter.

The second her jeans were pulled down, the smell of her excitement filled my nostrils. It was an intoxicating smell. My lips immediately met her soaked panties. My tongue danced over her pussy, licking at the wetness, tasting her excitement.

I licked around her outer lips. My tongue licked around her vagina, dancing around her inner thighs as well.

"Oh, Alex, that feels so good," she moaned. That only spurred my efforts.

I licked down the middle of her pussy, spreading her pussy lips. I pushed in and kept licking at the inner lips of her pussy. Chrissy kept moaning. I looked up and saw her eyes closed. Her hands were pushing and pulling at her breasts.

I kept working with just my mouth for a little longer. I could tell she was close so I pulled off her for a second.

"What?" Chrissy started. I pulled down her panties revealing her pussy. She kept her pubes trimmed except for a patch above her vagina. I always prefered it shaved and she obliged.

"Please!" Chrissy whined. I smiled at her before obliging to her unspoken wants.

I dove back into her pussy. This time I went straight for her inner lips. My tongue down deep with long strokes up and down. I kept passing her opening as I licked up and down her pussy. I lapped up all her juices.

Chrissy's hands were suddenly on the back of my head. Her hips ground into my face. I simply kept my tongue out and deep in her pussy as she rode my face to orgasm.

"Oh yes!" Chrissy hissed through clenched teeth. Her legs clamped around my head as her body spasmed.

I stayed between her legs until she finally calmed down. I could feel her juices all over my face.

Chrissy's eyes were still closed and I could hear her breathing finally slow down.

I stood up pulling my boxers and pants back up. I straightened out my boxers before zipping and buttoning up my pants. I picked Chrissy up, and carried her to her room. She seemed worn out so I laid her on her bed.

"Don't go," Chrissy said reaching out towards me. "Just lay with me for a bit."

I smiled and obliged. I pulled up her panties and her jeans before laying down with her. We quickly fell asleep.

******

"Hello? Is anyone home?"

I slowly woke up hearing the voice and a door close. I looked down at Chrissy who was still sleeping. I didn't want to wake her but I gently shook her awake.

"What?" Chrissy asked me. She was still groggy as she rubbed her eyes.

"Chrissy? Alex? Are you here?"

"Yeah, we're up here," I called back down.

"Are you staying for dinner?" the voice called back up.

"If that's fine with you," I called back.

"Shit, can't you be a quieter?" Chrissy asked. "You're so loud." She looked at my face. "If you're staying for dinner you might want to wash your face."

"You too," I said as Chrissy's mom called back.

"Yeah that's fine. I figured you'd be here anyway."

I looked at the time. 5:00pm. I looked back at Chrissy, looking sexy laying on the bed. I smiled at her, and she smiled back at me.

"Come on, let's wash up before dinner," I said offering my hand to Chrissy.

******

We sat at the dinner table, Chrissy, Chrissy's mother, and I. Chrissy's mom, Joanne, is a super nice woman. She was sexy like Chrissy, a definite MILF. She stood taller than Chrissy, but not by much, only around five feet, eight inches. She kept her body nice and tight with an athletic build and nice B-cup breasts. She had long legs that she liked to show off. Her long brown hair was always looking nice. She kept up her appearances as a single, 43 year old, mother.

Chrissy had picked up Chinese food for dinner. We had a nice dinner together. We talked for a while. I got along well with Joanne and she seemed to really like me. Chrissy's father had been a nice guy but unfortunately he had passed away a few years ago. It had been pretty rough for Joanna and Chrissy, but they were back to normalcy now.

"So are you heading out soon?" Joanne asked when dinner was done. I checked the time. 6:30pm.

"No I have some homework to do. I assume you do to Chrissy," I responded.

"Yeah, want to go up to my room?" Chrissy said.

"Yeah, let's go." Chrissy and I walked up to her room. We actually did our homework, both of us quite satisfied from our earlier fun.

Finally it was 9:00pm.

"Ok I should probably head out," I said standing up from the bed.

"Ok hon, have fun at the gym," Chrissy said. I gave her a quick kiss on the cheek before collecting my stuff and leaving.

I walked downstairs and saw Joanne sitting on the couch. She looked super hot wearing a short pair of shorts and a racer back tank.

"Bye Joanne," I said.

"Oh, see you tomorrow," Joanne said cheerfully. She smiled at me. Man she was so pretty.

I drove to the gym and grabbed my bag. I quickly changed in the locker room.

When I got to the weight room I immediately saw Thomas. He was running on a treadmill and motioned me over. I looked around the gym. There were only a few other guys there so I headed over to Thomas. I hopped on a treadmill next to him.

"Hey Alex, good to see you again. I just started," Thomas said with a smile.

I started running next to him. We ran for about 20 minutes before Thomas finally stopped. Thomas took me through his leg and light core workout.

We finally finished at a little at 10:00. My legs were beat. Thomas and I walked to the locker room. We quickly stripped and headed to the sauna.

"Do you want a massage?" Thomas asked me.

"Um, sure," I responded a little unsure.

Thomas quickly moved over to me.

"Lie down," Thomas said.

I laid on my back while Thomas immediately started in on my left leg. His fingers felt amazing as they danced up and down my legs. He even worked on my feet.

I fully relaxed as he started onto my right leg. I wasn't paying attention but jumped up.

Thomas had placed his hand on my hard cock.

I hadn't realized what had happened but once again I was super horny. My left leg was flopped over the bench and I realized my right leg was rubbing against his hard cock.

Thomas smiled down at me as my leg started to rub against his cock.

"Why don't you spin around," Thomas offered. I quickly spun around. I laid on my stomach, propped up on my elbows, and my face right next to his cock.

"Do what you want," Thomas said placing a hand on my head. He started to run his fingers through my hair.

I grabbed his cock in my hand. The smell of his sweat was intoxicating. His scent was incredible. His musky scent only spurred my emotions. I noticed again how nice his cock looked with his pines trimmed. It looked nice and neat. I doubted I would get any stray hairs like Chrissy got. I always thought that was a little gross.

I got a little lost in my thoughts, but Thomas's insistent hand reminded me what I should be doing.

I stopped stroking Thomas's cock and lowered my head. I closed my lips around the head and thought back to what Chrissy had done.

My tongue slid around Thomas's cockhead. It snaked around the top sliding all over. I ran my tongue underneath the ridge causing Thomas to moan.

I loved hearing Thomas moan.

I continued to suck hard on Thomas's cock getting more and more into my mouth until it hit the back of my throat. Oh shit, now what.

"Just swallow hon," came Thomas deep voice.

I pressed the cock against the back of my throat. I gagged. Saliva coated Thomas's cock. I pulled up.

Fuck this is hard. My cock was not nearly as big as Thomas's so I wasn't sure what Chrissy would do.

I pushed again and gagged again. More saliva coated Thomas's cock making it slippery.

I tried a third time. This time I readied myself and fought through my gag reflex. When Thomas's cock hit the back of my throat I swallowed.

I slipped down my throat! Holy shit! I had the tip of Thomas's cock in my throat. I coughed and sputtered on it causing saliva to run down its length.

When Thomas's cock entered my throat, it cut off my airway. I wasn't prepared for that so I pulled off quickly.

"Damn, that was a good job boy. Now try and get more of it in," Thomas offered as encouragement.

I regained my composure and went at it again. I swallowed down Thomas's cock but with the angle it was hard. Without being told I slipped to my knees in front of Thomas.

When I was in position I pulled his cock down so it was pointing right at my mouth.

I opened my mouth and slipped it back in. My mouth was so full and content. It felt good to have his cock back in my mouth.

Did I really just think that? My world was being turned upside down.

I sucked on his cock a bit more before I tried again. I slipped it to the back of my mouth before I swallowed again. This time, the angle was better and his cock slid easily into my throat.

I slid down his shaft until my nose hit his pubes.

"Oh shit boy, you're a natural," Thomas said. I was so elated to hear that. The butterflies in my stomach started and I was encouraged by my progress.

I was running out of air so I pulled back off, caught my breath, and plunged back down. I repeated this process over and over losing count. I was getting light-headed though. But I wasn't sure if it was from the cocksucking or the steam of the sauna.

I lost track of how many times I swallowed Thomas's cock but finally I felt his cock tighten.

Shit he's about to cum! I started working harder. Bobbing my head up and down I started to stroke his cock.

Finally, Thomas grabbed my head and pushed down. I swallowed quickly, feeling his cock slide down my throat.

His cock quickly expanded in my throat. My throat was forced to expand with it causing some discomfort. At least discomfort until his cock shrank back down, shooting his first load directly down my throat.

I felt sad for a second as I realized the first cumshot I got went straight down my throat. I didn't even get to taste it!

But my disappoint was quickly resolved as he pulled his cock out of my throat depositing the next load directly on my tongue.

I had sensory overload. My throat was empty and craving to be filled. Thomas's load shot onto my tongue. The pressure of it hitting my tongue felt amazing. Then the taste flooded my mouth. It was salty and a little sweet. It was incredible. And the texture was unlike anything I had experienced. It was slimy and slid around between my tongue and Thomas's cock.

I wanted the feeling to last for forever and I quickly got to experience it again and again. Thomas kept shooting his load into my mouth. There was so much cum. I wanted to savor every drop I got but it filled my mouth.

I had to quickly swallow. Unfortunately I swallowed the whole load around Thomas's cock. I didn't get much of a chance to savor the feeling.

Thomas laughed. "You look disappointed boy. Don't worry. You'll get a lot more chances at that." I looked up at him, which only caused him to laugh more.

"You look good like that boy," Thomas said. His cock started to soften in my mouth and, just like Chrissy, I held it until it was fully soft. When it was fully soft, which it was still large and filled my mouth, I placed my tongue at the base. I pushed hard as I slid the cock out of my mouth. I pulled the last little bit of cum into my mouth.
