 BEEP! BEEP! I rolled over and pulled out my phone. 6:45am. Friday. October 2nd. The second day of October. My throat was scratchy and sore. 

Deepthroating had really taken its toll on me. I woke up coughing. I had to rub my throat for a second before it finally felt ok. I got up and dragged myself to the shower. I had already showered the night before, but it was part of my routine so I went through it. Plus there was one thing I wanted to try. 

I thought about Chrissy's trimmed bush. I thought of Thomas's cock and his trimmed bush. The image of Thomas's cock flooded my vision. I could see everything in detail, especially after last night. 

I found myself in my shower. My pubes looked like a bush. Too big and too much. I looked at the razor in my hand. 

I made quick work of my pubes. I decided to shave all of them off. I don't know what came over me to shave all my pubes off, but I did. I looked down at my now bare crotch. My cock was hard from me touching it, and it got harder seeing it this way. I thought it looked a little bigger, but a five inch penis on a six feet two inch muscular frame will always look small. 

I was feeling a little slutty again today. But after the full deep throating yesterday I was feeling a little sore too. I decided on a pair of boxers like normal and a pair of loose jeans and t-shirt. I wished I had something to wear that more matched how I felt. I rifled through my underwear drawer. 

Yes! I found what I was looking for. I held up an old pair of white briefs. I quickly switched into them. The tightness of them hugging my body felt good. My cock felt amazing being wrapped in the tight, white fabric. They felt tight around my firm butt too. I felt a little slutty in them and like it. 

I quickly hurried off to school. 

It was another long day at school. I avoided running into anyone today. But all day I was distracted by my sore throat. I didn't talk a lot because of the rawness of my throat. 

Unfortunately my girlfriend noticed. She tried to ask me some questions about it. I shook her off as best I could without her freaking out about possibly being sick. 

I was so horny throughout the day and the tightness of the briefs kept reminding me. That and the soreness of my throat reminded me of how full and content it was the night before. 

After school I decided to go to the local department store. I headed in and went straight for the men's underwear section. I didn't want to wear these old briefs longer than I had to. 

I wandered through the section and noticed all the different types. Previously, I only had eyes on the boxers. I quickly realized how many different styles there were. 

Boxers. Boxer-briefs. Trunks. Full briefs. No-show briefs. Bikini briefs. Thongs. Even jockstraps. 

There were so many styles to look at and so many colors. As I was looking, I saw a couple of other people walking by and I suddenly got self-conscious. I nervously left the store. 

That evening, I met my girlfriend at the football game. I still wore the briefs from earlier, but, thankfully, my throat was feeling better. More close to normal. 

We went to the game and had fun. I checked my watch and saw it was 8:30pm. I quickly excused myself. Thankfully my girlfriend was understanding. 

I hurried over to the gym. I only had about 5 minutes to spare as I hustled inside to the locker room. 

I remembered where Thomas's locker was. Thomas wasn't in the locker room which made me a little happy but also a little disappointed. My throat suddenly felt empty being in the gym and thinking of Thomas. The locker to the left, closer to the wall, was partially open. 

Opening the locker was quite the surprise. 

A short pair of shorts and a jockstrap hung on the hook in the middle of the locker. I pulled it out and looked at the skimpy outfit. There was no shirt so I figured I could wear my normal tank top. 

I quickly changed into the jockstrap and shorts before closing the locker. I went to grab the key, but it was gone! 

Shit, I just locked all my stuff in this locker. 

My shoulders dropped. Before I walked out of the locker room I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. I thought I looked pretty hot and kind of slutty in the outfit. My tank went to about the middle of my shorts which barely went to mid-thigh, if not shorter. The backside easily slipped between my cheeks because of the jock. 

I walked out onto the floor. Thomas was standing off to the side talking to a couple other guys. There were only three other people in the gym, two older guys and an older woman. They seemed to be deep into their workouts. 

When Thomas saw me, he waved me over. The other guys he was talking to saw me and one made a comment to the other. They both smiled at me as I walked up. 

"Hey Alex, you ready for the workout?" Thomas said. 

"Um, yeah," I said eyeing the two other guys. They both seemed in their 30s, and both were well built. Not body builders but definitely regulars at the gym. I thought I recognized one, but I wasn't sure. 

Thomas took me through another one of his workouts. This one was rough. I worked harder than I had before. 

I didn't realize how much harder I worked until the workout was done. My arms felt like jelly. I felt weak and drained. But it felt wonderful. 

We went back to the lockers, and Thomas was happy to see I had picked the right locker. He pulled out two keys and unlocked both lockers. 

We striped down and Thomas grabbed towels. I loved seeing him naked and definitely ogled him, which he couldn't let go. 

"You like what you see don't you?" Thomas asked. 

I could only respond truthfully, "Yeah." 

"Better than any girl I bet." 

"Um, I don't know about that," I finally mustered after staring at his naked, muscular form. 

"Oh really? You have some special girl?" Thomas asked. He had lifted up his leg to rest on the bench. His large cock and balls were swinging freely in front of him. My eyes were glued to them. 

Without thinking I said, "Yeah." 

"Oh really? You have a girlfriend huh?" 

This snapped me out of my thoughts. 

"What? Um," I started. 

"That's fine. I hope she likes all your new changes," Thomas said eyeing my now bare cock and balls. 

I blushed. I totally forgot that I had shaved everything that morning. 

I stood naked in front of him and suddenly felt more naked than I ever felt. Thomas reached out and fondled my bare balls. 

His touch immediately got me hard. He had never touched me before. His fingers were rough against my smooth skin. They felt manly compared to my now smooth cock and balls. 

Thomas took notice of his effect on me. He teased me for a second longer then headed towards the sauna. 

I sighed a breath of relief. If Thomas had played with my cock any longer I think I would have blown my load. 

Thomas had left with a towel, but when I looked for one for me, there wasn't any! 

Shit! I thought to myself. I immediately lost my hardon and I suddenly felt the cool air around my bare balls. My cock and balls shrunk back into my body, making them look smaller than normal. 

I looked around but all the towels were gone. Shit again. I heaved another sigh then headed to the sauna. 

Thomas was already lounging on a bench. He had his towel draped around him and a second towel sitting next to him. 

"Hey, sorry it looks like I grabbed your towel," Thomas said laughing. I walked over to him. By cock and balls were finally warming up. 

Thomas motioned to the space between his legs. I walked over there. Thomas dropped the towel on the bench between his feet. I guess that was my cue. I knelt down on the towel, my face looking directly at his crotch. 

"Lick just my balls for now," Thomas instructed. 

I looked at him as he pulled the towel up a little. I looked back at his low hanging balls and dove my face under the towel. It settled over my head as I stuck out my tongue. 

I wasn't positive what to do so I just started licking directly at his ball. 

"Woah, what are you doing?" Thomas said placing his hand on my head. "Tease a little first. Start between my balls and thighs." 

"Sorry," I mumbled. I went back to licking the sweat from between his thighs and balls. 

"That's it boy. That feels good," Thomas moaned. Spurred by his moans, I switched to the other side. I kept licking the salty sweat, smelling his musk. The smell was intoxicating and even stronger under the towel. The smell of sex filled my mind being trapped under the towel. 

I was getting so horny under the towel. My cock was rock hard and, I assumed, leaking precum. My hands were getting sweaty resting on my knees. I accidentally slipped and fell face first into Thomas's balls. 

"Fuck!" Thomas bellowed. "That hurt you little bitch." I had never heard Thomas mad. It made me tremble as I cowered back from him. He looked down at me with pity. "Sorry hon. Come and lie down on the middle bench." 

Thomas spread the towel that was at my knees on the bench. I laid on the table. My hard cock was uncomfortable underneath me. Thomas grabbed my cock and pulled it between my legs. It helped, but my cock was still pushing hard on the table trying to stand back up. 

I wasn't sure what to do with my arms until Thomas tucked them under my head. 

"Now just relax, I bet your body is sore after that workout," Thomas said soothingly. 

I started to relax until Thomas's hands touched me. I immediately tensed. But Thomas kneaded out my muscles. He started with my back. I was in heaven. 

"So, about this girlfriend," Thomas started. 

I was so zoned out I barely mustered out, "Yeah?" 

"What's her name?" 

"Chrissy," I moaned out. 

"That's a pretty name, Chrissy," Thomas said. When he said "Chrissy" it sounded like he was rolling it around his tongue, trying it out. "How long have you two been dating?" 

"Three years now. Since freshman year." 

"Wow, that's a pretty long time. Is she 18 too?" 

"Yeah." 

"What do you like to do with her?" 

"We like being active. She likes that I workout. We hang out a lot just watching tv and doing homework." 

"That all sounds like fun. But what about sexually?" Thomas asked this as his hands started to rub my ass. His fingers dug in and kneaded my cheeks. My ass started to feel relaxed. I even felt my ass hole start to loosen. 

I moaned a little before answering, "Well we do the basic stuff. You know, make out, cuddle. She likes to give me blowjobs. I like to eat her out. We've had sex a few times." 

"That all seems nice. Did you learn how to give a blowjob from your girlfriend?" 

"Yeah, she's amazing at it," I said sighing. 

"Hmm, sounds interesting," Thomas said. He was quiet for a while longer. 

"That feels amazing," I moaned breaking the silence. "I never knew someone's hands could feel this good." 

"Don't worry hon. Soon you'll be able to do the same to me," Thomas whispered into my ear. He pulled my arms down so they were by my side. 

He went back to working on my shoulders again. He slowly moved to my arms. He took my arms one at a time to work over. 

When Thomas was finished, I realized just how tired I was. 

"Ok, let's go shower," Thomas said patting me on the head. He grabbed both towels again leaving me with a rock hard cock jutting out obscenely. I obediently followed him, naked, into the showers. 

The showers were a large communal room with white tiles. There were about six shower heads on three of the walls with two large pillars in the middle with four shower heads on each. They were your classic gym lockers. I always thought they looked a little like a porno set. 

Thomas went to his immediate left and picked a shower in the corner. He turned on the water and stood underneath. He motioned me over to him. 

"Wash me," Thomas said. I grabbed the washcloth out of his hand and picked up the soap. 

I stared at his body for a second, marveling at it. I squeezed some soap on the washcloth and went to work. I ran my hands over his chest first. I loved feeling his hard pecs. Next came his abs, then his hips, and finally his legs. When I finished washing his front, Thomas turned around so I could wash his backside. I made quick work of his back side and reveled at feeling his strong back. 

"Wash my hair now," Thomas said. He grabbed the soap and washed his face. I grabbed the shampoo and washed his hair. 

When I finished, Thomas walked out of the showers. 

Before exiting Thomas called back, "Shower up, but don't jack off." I followed his eyes down my body seeing my cock pointing out from my body. I was immediately reminded of how horny I was. My cock ached to be touched, but I knew if I started I wouldn't be able to stop. 

I quickly changed the water from hot to cold. I hoped the cool temperature would cool my sex drive. It worked, but barely. I was able to shower and hurried to the lockers. 

Thomas was already dressed and waiting for me. 

"Took you long enough. You didn't jack off did you?" Thomas asked me. 

"No," I said blushing. I fidgeted on my feet still naked. He looked me up and down and smiled. 

"Good. I'll see you tomorrow then," he said. He tossed me the other a towel. I grabbed it. It was still damp. 

Thomas smirked at me as he grabbed his bag and headed out. 

I opened up my locker and pulled out my bag. Shit! I thought to myself. I looked through my bag but couldn't find my pants. Or my boxers! Did Thomas take them? Crap, he probably did. 

I put back on my shorts and jock and headed out. 

That night I lied in bed. I wished I could jack off, but Thomas's last comment made me think twice. I was finally able to fall asleep though. It just took me a while.