 The problem with going to bed early was that I woke up early. On a Sunday too. Uh.

I opened my eyes giving up trying to get back to sleep.

7:35am. Fuck.

I immediately went to my computer and waited. The last email that I read opened up.

Don't jack off. You'll receive an email tomorrow at 8:00am. More instructions to follow.

MT

I was horny and wanted to jack off. A cold shower was in order. It took a long time until I finally decided it was long enough.

My email said I received a new message. 8:05am.

I quickly opened the email.

Good morning my sweet Aurora,

I have a little survey for you to fill out. You can either fill it out and email it to me or you can print it out and give it to me. Either way don't jack off until I tell you.

MT

There it is again. "MT" I wondered what that mean. And there's that name again. "Aurora." He said he would call me that. It bothered me, but I let it slide.

I pushed the thought out of my head as I opened the attachment. I read the title "Checklist."

The document opened up in Word.

At the top of the document was the instructions.

"Mark each item whether you know what it is or isn't. Don't look up anything you don't know or understand. For the ones you know about, make a note about if you would try it or not or maybe."

I looked at the list. It looked pretty daunting.

To hopefully jack off sooner, I decided to fill it out on the computer then send it in.

Some of the things I knew about. Others I could figure out on my own. Others were totally lost to me and I didn't know people were interested in. I had to think hard about some of the things especially on the willingness to try. Some of the items I would have said no to earlier, but now, I was a little more interested. I hadn't really thought of many of these things so I normally put maybe.

Here's the list:


Activity	Knowledge	Interest	Activity	Knowledge	Interest
Anal plug	yes	maybe	Following Orders	yes	maybe
Animal roles	no		Food Play	no	
Abrasion 	no		Forced masturbation	yes	maybe
Anal sex	yes	yes	Forced homosexuality	yes	yes
Auction 	no		Forced nudity – public	yes	no
Bathroom control	no		Forced nudity – private	yes	maybe
Beastiality	yes	no	Forced servitude	no	
Breathing – Hard	no		Gag – ball	yes	maybe
Beating – Punishment	yes	no	Given away – temp	no	
Blindfolds	yes	maybe	Hair pulling	yes	maybe
Bondage	yes	maybe	Hand job – giving	yes	yes
Boot/foot worship	yes	no	Humiliation – public	yes	yes
Cage	yes	no	Humiliation – private	yes	yes
Caning	yes	no	Kidnapping	no	
Closet	no		Kneeling	no	
Chains	yes	no	Nipple torture	yes	no
Chosen clothing for	yes	yes	Orgasm Control	yes	maybe
Clothespins	yes	maybe	Orgasm Denial	yes	maybe
Collar – play	no		Riding Crop	no	
Competition with other subs	no		Serving as a maid	yes	no
Jealousy	yes	maybe	Serving others supervised	yes	no
Play with another sub	no		Shaving body hair	yes	maybe
Domestic Service	no		Spanking	yes	maybe
Electricity	no		Spreader bars	no	
Examination – medical	yes	maybe	Standing in corner	yes	no
Exhibitionism – Public	yes	maybe	Stocks	yes	no
Exhibitionism – Strangers	yes	maybe	Swallowing	yes	maybe
Exhibitionism – Friends	yes	no	Vibrator	yes	maybe
Fantasy Rape	yes	no	Water Sports	no	
Flame Play	no		Wax – hot	no	
Flogging	no				


Like I said. Daunting. But there were definitely some things I thought I knew about but wasn't positive. Instead I just said no.

Without thinking too much I hit send.

Suddenly it hit me what I just did. I had described more of my desires to one person that I had to Chrissy. This guy knew more about me than my own girlfriend. This guy who I had only known for a week and already had me. He pretty much owned me. Not literally obviously, but I knew it. I knew I would do those things for him, even the maybes.

The wait killed me. Eventually I distracted myself with homework.

Bing! There it is. The reason for my anxiousness.

Good job filling out the list. I'm excited to teach you about the things you don't know. I'm also excited to be testing your limits. I'm going to assume your experience is very low to barely existent which explains both your lack of knowledge and most of your interests as "maybe." Except the things we've tried.

Now, you did an excellent job doing this quickly. Tomorrow, make sure you leave your car security off. Lock your car with your keys or the button on the door.

You can jack off today. ONCE. The one time you do, take a camera and film yourself and send me the video. Also, in the video I want to see you taste your own cum.

Last, hang out with your girlfriend. At the end of the day, email me again with your thoughts. Tell me where you're at with everything.

MT

I read through the email three times before it finally all sunk in. I was supposed to film myself jacking off and eating my cum. Then send it to the guy. And I was only supposed to do it once. Just once. How would he know if I only jacked off once. But I knew I only would jack off once. I knew deep down that it would happen.

The morning passed slowly after that. Nothing exciting happened as I did my homework. I had lunch and then went to hang out with Chrissy.

We enjoyed the afternoon just walking around a park and laying on a beach. The time together reaffirmed my feelings for Chrissy. I loved hanging out with Chrissy and spending as much time with her as I could.

Our evening finished at Chrissy's house. We were both fairly horny from the afternoon. After dinner we laid snuggled up on the couch. Both of our hands were all over each other. Suddenly I remembered Thomas's words to only jack off once. Although, I figured this wouldn't count as jacking off.

Chrissy and I made out and swapped oral. I enjoyed the whole experience. Both of us had intense orgasms from each other's mouths. Chrissy drank all my cum, and I drank all her juices. We just laid in the afterglow of our orgasms until about 10:00. I finally called it a night and headed home after I gave Chrissy a good night kiss.

When I got back home, I immediately went to my computer turning it on. I opened up a new email and started thinking about what I was supposed to type:

I know for sure that I really like my girlfriend. I don't know if I am in love with her but I definitely care about her a lot and like spending time with her. I really want to stay dating her. I definitely still feel guilty and don't know how I could tell her about whatever we do.

I am excited to see you tomorrow though. I definitely missed seeing you today.

Alex

I hit the send and waited. I was quite content from Chrissy so didn't feel the need to jack off.

Bing!

Nice job with the email. I am sure that as we go on they will get longer and more detailed. I am surprised I haven't received your jacking off email, but I assume you did stuff with your girlfriend.

Now, you lost your time to jack off. Remember no touching yourself unless I say so. And remember to turn off your car security. There will be a present waiting there in the morning with further instructions. And to help with you missing me I attached a photo.

I hope you enjoy. See you at 9:00 sharp at the gym.

MT

I don't know what it was about him, but every time he congratulated me, I felt proud. It was silly, but that was how I felt.

Thankfully, I had remembered his earlier instructions about my car so I didn't have to go out. But the present intrigued me.

When the picture loaded, I immediately regretted it. My dick got instantly hard as I saw Thomas's huge cock pointing straight at my cum-covered face. My face in the picture was incredible. I looked happy and excited to have cum on my face. The picture made my face remember the feeling of having the cum on my face. I remembered feeling it drip down over my eyes and down my cheeks. I sorely wished I hadn't lost my opportunity to jack off. I knew I'd put it off, but it would be a struggle.