 Here I am wearing stiletto heels, thong panties and a matching bra. I just got hired in this work/live job for two Gay bosses. I must be drunk, cause I can't believe what I just did. I actually sucked his huge black cock! What the fuck is happening to me? I'm stunned. After sucking him, he pulled out and gave me a facial! His goo was all over my face like one of my favorite porn videos, except I was the girl in the video. Then before I knew it he was licking his cum off me and we were French kissing! I'm still reeling from all of this.

David, one of my new bosses, then pats my head as if I was a good puppy dog. "Now, go sit on your pillow, like a good girl."

I crawl back under the table. David scoots his chair back and he resumes his work. He seems to have forgotten about me and I am just staring at his thick dark chocolate prick. I want it. Will he let me? A move myself closer to him and just lay my head on his bare lap. My face inches from his prick. He reaches down and scratches my head affectionately as if I was a dog.

Finally, I reach up touch his prick with my tongue. He moans. I begin to lick his prick and suck on his balls. David just continues to work, though he does sit forward a bit in the chair to give me greater access to his package.

I smile and continue to enjoy myself. Taking my time and licking his balls, taking one of them and then the other into my mouth to suck on them for a while. Then I run my tongue up along his erect chocolate dick. Where is that oil? I find it and coat his cock and balls with it. Then return to tasting my chocolate coated treat.

I loose sense of time while I work on David's cock when suddenly I hear the front door open.

"Saul, you got here early!" David says as shoos me away so he can get up to greet, who I presume is his partner.

I get up from beneath the table and see David in the embrace of a white guy who is his age and about his built. He's Firm and solid with wavy brown hair, a neat trimmed goatee, wearing brown loafers, black 501 jeans, and a polo shirt. The two are deep in a hot French kiss. Presumably, those are his travel bags on the floor and I go and fetch them to take them to the closet. 

Finally, the two come up for air still loosely in each other's arms.

"Saul," David says pointing to me, "this is our Gal Friday I mentioned I was hiring."

Saul looks me over and then motions for me to turn around so he can view me properly. I do a slow spin.

"Very nice ass," Saul says.

"Your home early," David says.

"Yes, we got the contract and so I decided to just head home. I wanted to see our new acquisition and to get in bed with you."

"I'm glad you're here. Can I get you anything?" David asks.

"Get me a glass of wine, and you," pointing at me, "follow me to the shower, I need to pee, you can take off those things if you like, or not."

I decide I don't want to get my pretty bra, thong, nylons, and garter belt all wet so I hastily strip naked and then rush to the shower to catch up by standing naked in my high heels right by him.

"Nice pretty face." He says admiring my makeup. "Now, David is all about sweet persuasion. Me, I'm direct and quietly state what I want. However I take a direct approach." With that he swats my bare ass very hard and then does it again. That really stings. "Obey or your pretty ass is tossed out. Obey and you will be rewarded. We pay well. Understood?"

"Yes." What the fuck have I gotten myself into, I ask myself, yet again. I sigh.

"Now, get on the shower floor."

I get in and he stands over me and undoes his 501 jeans. I see he was going commando as he takes out his thick cut prick I can spot the absence of pubic hair, he is shaved all smoothed. His prick and balls are bigger than mine, but not as big as David's.

"Kneel looking up at my cock."

I do so. He holds his cock head pointed at my face and then takes a deep breath and slowly lets it out. As he does out spurts a hot golden stream of piss that sprays my face. 

"Ahhh...I needed this..."

He calmly maneuvers his cock head to alternate between spraying my face or my tits with his golden smelly urine. I can't help it and my own cock begins to get hard.

"Look, David. He likes it." Saul says.

"Yes I think he does."

Fuck! Betrayed by my erection. This is horrible and this piss just keeps coming. Oh hell.

"Turn around and get on your hands and knees, quickly!"

I do and he sprays his hot stream of urine on my hair and then it travels down my back to spray my bare ass. I then feel a second stream of piss. Oh Shit. David is taking the opportunity to empty his bladder as well.

As Saul finishes up David is still going strong and so I am getting a quick piss shower. I can smell the strong nutty scent of their urine all over me. It feels sticky on my bare skin. I'm getting used to this smell and it doesn't repulse me anymore. Shit.

Saul leaves the shower and strips off his clothes. "When you're done there, have the bitch wash up, can't have him staining our bed with all that piss, and then have him join us in bed. I hope you taught her to give a decent blow job."

Finally, David is done and we do as he says. I get out of my heels and then David grabs one of the shower heads and hoses me down. Once I dry off, I step back into my heels and walk naked over to their bed. My cock feels all warm. Saul has pulled back all the bed covers and propped up a pillow next to his head, presumably for David. 

He is sprawled out on the bed with his own head resting on another set of pillows. David gets in bed and I shrug and obey as well. He takes a sip of wine and then, "Now my pretty one, let's see how you do sucking cock."

I am on the opposite side and David watches as I lean over, take Saul's manhood in my hands, and begin to lick the length of his still flaccid shaft. I can see how carefully he has shaved off all his pubic hair and he has a nice cut cock. He begins to get hard as I lick and fondle his balls.

Finally, I take his head into my mouth and begin to suck him in earnest. He is now fully erect and he is about an inch less than David in length is and quarter inch perhaps in width and my mouth is more comfortable as I give him this blow job. I try to show off my skills and it seems to be working. Saul moans and squirms as I work on his cock. I lap at his cock head to tease and taste his pre-cum. 

"Oh fuck yes..." Saul moans. "Now stop."

I do so but I mutter, "Wasn't I good enough?"

"Oh you were, but I need to feel my cock inside a pretty ass," Saul says.

Oh Fuck! Oh no! Please no!

"David spread that ass of your wide," Saul says.

"Yes my love," David replies as he gets on his knees and spreads. I watch Saul mount David and slip his slicked cock from my sucking on it up, and he presses up against David's asshole. David moans as Saul makes his way inside. Clearly, they've done this before. David's ass had no resistance to having that cock pushed into it. I watch as Saul begins to fuck David's ass.

Damn this is fucking hot watching them go at it. 

My own cock is rock hard. I never would have imagined I'd get so turned on watching two gay guys fucking each other, but Hell, this is hot. As good as any porn I've ever watched. I'm sort of on auto-pilot as I reach over to grab some oil, lube up my erection, and begin to stroke off as they continue to fuck.

By the sounds off their moaning, I think Saul's about to shoot his load..

"God damn," Saul says panting. "You have such a sweet ass."

"I know." David says. "Are you going to fill it up for me?"

"Hell yes!" Saul pushes his white slick hard cock in and out of David's chocolate black ass. "Oh yes...such a nice ass...Fuck! Here I cummmmm!"

I can imagine Saul's cock bursting inside that wonderful black ass filling it up with his white creamy load. Saul pulls out his spent prick and bit of white cream oozes out of David's chocolate asshole.

"Hey, kid." Saul says. "Have you ever been in an ass like this?" He says patting David's ass.

"No," I say breathlessly. Damn that is a fucking hot looking ass. The best I've ever seen. "I confess...I've always wondered..."

"You've never been in your lady's ass?" Saul asks

"No."

"Well you're in for a treat. Slip that lubed up cock of your's into David's ass."

"Shouldn't I ask..."

"Girly, what did I tell you when I came in here?" Saul says sternly.

"That I don't ask questions. I do what I'm told or I'm out on the street." I say looking down. I'm afraid.

"Hell yes. No stick your dick in his ass."

"Please Jesse," David says. "Please fuck me."

So I come around and bring my hard on's head to press against David's asshole. Oh my god...he looks so good...especially with that trail of white cream coming out. David's asshole is still all moist and supple from being fucked a moment ago and it takes my cock head easily. Oh Shit...it feels good.

"Ohhhh...yesss..." David moans pressing his ass against my cock, taking more of it inside of him.

Oh...hell...yess...so solid...so fucking tight...nothing like my Ex's soft pussy...oh man...I start getting into the rhythm of fucking...oh hell...my cock feels like it was made to fuck an ass like this...oh hell...yessss...

"Oh god...you feel great inside me..." David moans. "keep fucking me..."

I do.

"That's it slut," Saul says as I catch him fondling his own ball and tool. "Don't you love the feel of his black ass?"

"Oh god...yes..." I moan as I continue to fuck David. "It's like nothing I've ever felt...I feel so complete being inside of him...'

"Fill me up..." David moans. "Fill my ass up with your hot spunk..."

"Oh fuck...yesss!" I yell as I feel my jizz exploding out of my cock and filling up David's ass. "Oh god! Oh god! Ohhhh..." I just shoot blast after blast of hot spunk into David's ass. I feel drained. I just collapse on top of his back flushed and panting.

"Ohhhh...so wonderfull..."David murmurs.

"Now, slut, get off him and on your knees." Saul says.

I pull out of David's hot ass leaving a trail of my spunk as I do.

"Now, be a good girl and suck David's and my cock."