 They act as if it was a perfectly ordinary night of TV watching. I'm wearing a slutty pair of red platform high heels, open toed and backless and nothing else. Well that is if you don't consider the dozen or so cum loads that cover my body. I am sitting on a leather couch next to my two gay bosses who are also completely naked, their hot bodies wedged next to mine.

I've just finished ejaculating an immense amount of jizz and I've agreed to stay on and be hired as their gal Friday with all that that entails. 

What I wear or not, what I am to do, like suck guys cocks all day when I'm not taking care of chores around this place. Did I mention letting them piss all over me? The pay is great and the hours are long. What a deal.

I'm told it's time to go to bed and so we all wander over to the sinks. I'm in a haze still from all that sexual attention. I find my tooth brush and such and we all wash and brush to get ready for bed.

"Oh, Friday..." Saul says just as I was making up one of the futon couches into my bed.

"Yes, boss?"

"Good girl. I need to empty my bladder."

Oh.

"You do remember what I just told you about your job description, don't you?"

Vaguely. It was hard to concentrate with what they were doing to my cock and balls. Oh, yes...piss. Now I remember. I did agree to all of it.

"Of course boss. I remember, Just follow me." I walk over toward the large glass shower area and get onto the cool tile floors. I kick my heels off just as Saul stands over me holding his cock aimed at my face.

"David," Saul calls out as he begins to urinate on me, "Do you need to pee?"

Saul's hot stream of golden piss flows over my face and then he brings it down to my chest.

"Yes, I think I do." David says as he approaches me as well.

Soon both of them are holding their pricks in my direction and letting loose their warm stream of fragrant golden fluids to bathe my naked body. Saul finishes first and shakes the last drops onto my face and then walks off to bed. 

Eventually David finishes as well with a happy sigh as he departs to sleep as well.

I'm sticky with their urine and just lying on the shower floor sort of in a haze.

"Jesse," David calls out from his and Saul's king size bed, "be a dear, and turn off the lights soon."

"Yes boss." I get up and slip my still wet feet into my heels as I grab a towel to wrap myself in to dry the piss off my skin. I had left a light on near my own futon, good thing, as I turn off the overhead lights. I make my way toward that haven of light to my own bed. I am exhausted and need sleep. I just lay the towel onto the futon and collapse onto it and pull the top sheet over me. Once my head hits the pillow, even the smell of the urine doesn't bother me as I dive into sleep.

***

I am roused from my sleep by someone nudging me and calling my name.

"Wake up Friday."

I look up and it's Saul. "We need to take a piss."

Huh? What does that have to do with me? I start to shake sleep out of my head as I mechanically get up. Does he want me to hold his penis while he takes a piss?

"Hurry up, Friday I can't hold it much longer. Hop to it and head to the shower."

I hear and obey, but not fully comprehending, just going on auto-pilot. I do realize that I could take a leak as well. I wander over towards the toilets but Saul grabs my arm and guides me to the shower.

"Now get down."

I do so and by this time David is standing next to Saul, holding onto his engorged prick. "Finally," David mutters.

Saul pushes me down to the tile floor of the shower. I look up at them in puzzlement.

Then it hits me. Literally as they both sigh and streams of hot golden piss bursts out of their cock heads at me. I'm being urinated on!

"Just lay down," Saul asks. "You make and easier target."

I hear and obey and as I lay there being pissed on my hand goes to my own penis and I feel the need to pee as well. I hold it my prick and then soon a third stream of golden liquid is washing over my chest and face as I empty my bladder as well.

The pungent stench of morning urine is strong and yet not offensive as it fills my senses. The warm sticky fluid that is washing over me is very familiar and I kind of like the naughty sensation it conjures in me. I'm beginning to enjoy this. I'm sort of disappointed when one by one we finish and shake the last drops of urine out of our cocks. They two head back to bed and I just lie there in the pool of warm urine.

When I wake up out of my daze, I guess I cat napped on the tile floor, I spot the time. It is almost time for them to be getting up. I go put on my red platform shoes and try to quietly in my heels get to the kitchen and get the coffee going for them. I can feel the dried piss sticking to my skin. I guess this will be what it's like every morning.

Once the coffee gets going I head over to the makeup table and begin to get dressed, blush, eye liner, mascara, lipstick, etc. get my girly face done up. I look myself over in the mirror and I think I did a good job, almost as good as David. 

I blow myself a kiss as I hear them begin to stir and wake up.

I set the coffee out for them as they go to the showers to wash up. When they get out of the showers, I ask "What shall I wear for you today?"

David says for now, nothing, just the heels. In a little bit will head over to my Ex's place to pick up the remainder of my stuff to completely move in, "What time will she and everybody else in the building leave for work?"

"Well, she leaves by 8 am and by around 9 am the place is deserted, everyone is off to work," I reply.

"Excellent. We'll leave at 9 then. Pack your things and bring your car over as well. Get you fully moved in to your new home," David explains.

"What will I wear going over there, I don't have much boy stuff."

"I will bring your trench coat if you need to cover up."

"Ahh...meaning?" A part of me doesn't like what this means, but my cock likes it...I'm getting hard. Does he really mean?

David leisurely takes a bite of breakfast and then swallows some coffee before replying. "Meaning, since no one will be around, you won't need the coat."

"Meaning????" Is he really saying what I think he is? My hard on sure thinks it.

"Meaning, that since all you came here with is a coat and flip flop then all that you have to wear of your own clothes is nothing, so you will have to be naked, of course."

"Oh...of course..." Driving around if public naked oh my god...that is so hot...and then having to get out of the car and walk up to the door and go to my old place naked...fuck that is also such a turn on. I wonder would I rather not be seen by anyone or do I want to be seen all naked?

"Do you know how lucky girls are when it comes to clothes?" Saul ask.

"Ah...no?" I reply.

"Go ahead David and explain it to our young boy-girl here."

"It is like this, a girl can walk around half naked looking so slutty and sexy, flaunting her ass and tits and yet by covering up her nipples and some of her ass, she won't get arrested. People who see her may think she is a slut and a whore, which may be a complement or an insult, but she will probably not get arrested. That is depending on where she is, going to church and being barely covered, that won't do, but on the beach or on the street, she can get away with a great deal showing off. A guy just can't get away with that."

Hmmm...thinking of all those images of half-naked barely clothed in bikinis or lingerie...makes my cock ache. Yes...girls dressed up like that are fucking hot!

"Maybe David, you should have our pretty boy here dress up in high heels, makeup, the wig and some tiny bikini top and cut offs that barely cover her pretty ass? Would you like that better?"

Fuck...I would feel more exposed dressed that way...more humiliated than if I was naked...my hard cock can't decide between the two...fuck...

"I will have to think about it, since you can't decide," David says looking at me, focusing on my erection.

"Well, Friday," Saul bellows out putting down his fork. "Clean up and then the two of you can get going."

As I putter around on my high heels and gather up the dishes to wash them up, my hard on stays strong, I'm consumed with thoughts of being forced to be either naked and packing up my stuff at my Ex's place or thinking of me forced to wear girly slutty things and doing that; either way it will be so horribly humiliating and such an incredible turn on.

I also imagine being seen by someone. That would be so fucking hot...but...oh my god...what if they know me and Her? What if they told that they saw me? Oh Shit! That would be horrible! But if I'm all dressed up like a girl, maybe they wouldn't recognize me and so I could get away with this. God, I hope so. Oh Shit...this could be horrible. Can I mention this to my bosses?

Then I feel my cock leaking pre-cum while I'm leaning into the counter and washing. My erect cock is pressed against the cabinet and I can feel it leaking...it likes this idea of getting caught! Damn! I wish I wasn't such a slutty pussy. I like all this as my cock shows. I want to be humiliated like this. Damn I never realized it. Shit. What have I become?

"David, why don't we do both?"

"What do you mean Saul?"

"Have Friday here go there naked and bring his makeup, wig and some girly things, and then when you arrive at his old place let him choose between being seen as a boy butt naked or transform himself into a girl and be dressed, will at least sort of covered up."

"That is a great idea," David says as I hear him approach me. He is now right behind me as I finish washing the dishes. I presses his naked body up against mine as he puts one hand into the warm soapy water. I feel his solid cock press against my bare ass. I then can feel him running his moist fingers between my ass cheeks. "I think this will be fun, don't you think so Jesse?"

"Ahh..."

I feel one of his slick finger's press against my asshole. What the...? I feel my own balls twitch and my cock drip some more cum as his hot prick presses up against my ass while his finger is probing my hole.

"Ummm...ah...I..." I don't know what to say and how to react. I feel David's finger push its way into my asshole. "Uhhhh...I..." He is inside my ass and I start to squirm which just makes my butt rub against his cock and bring his finger deeper into my hole. "Ohhhh..."

"I think," David says. "That our pretty boy here likes the idea. Excellent. I will gather up his things." 

"Our little slut seems to like you playing with his ass, should I bring a toy from him to use in the car?" Saul asks.

What? What is he talking about? I don't like this idea of playing with my ass, that is much to gay. I'm not a homo. Yet, I feel betrayed by my throbbing cock.

"Good idea Saul, go get that."

"Oh and David, do you think our toy own's a car," Saul asks.

"I do," I reply.

"Well then, I will have to come along to drive that home. Friday, go get me your keys."

David takes his finger out of my ass and walks away. Oh Thank God! I almost faint. I'm so confused. "Yes sir."

So, soon I am carrying naked with my hard on leading the way, carrying a gym bag that David filled with clothes and stuff and we are heading out the door. David and Saul are dressed in tight jeans, sandals and a navy tee shirt. In the hall 

I meet up with about a half dozen guys in cut offs, wife beater tanks, and slip off shoes, a mix of White, Black and Chicano, all checking me out. They are all pretty and well developed older college guys. They are all boyish and friendly with each other. I try to act all normal. I can hear them point out how hot I look with my great ass and nice cock and balls.

They all start getting close to me, and David and Saul, let them by backing off. They describe what they would like to do with me as me as the elevator approaches. I look frantically at David and Saul for reassurance and protection from these horny gay guys. David and Saul just smile and nod at each other.

I am so nervous.

When the elevator shows up Saul says it looks to crowded for all of us, he says that they will meet me downstairs. They make me get into the elevator naked with all these homosexuals!

"Have fun boys," Saul says as the doors shut.

They all surround me and get close to me. One of them feels up my ass from behind. He even reaches over, nudges my legs apart, and then slips a finger along my ass crack to find his way into my asshole! They start feeling me up, as they drop their shorts and so now we are all naked, at least from the waist down. They touch my cock, balls, ass, and chest, rubbing their cocks up against me. They have me touch their cocks as well. They push me down onto my knees and they tell me to suck on their cocks. I open my mouth and two cocks are forced into my mouth. One guy gets under me and starts to suck on my cock while another starts licking and playing with my asshole.

Those whose cock is not in my mouth begin to jack off pointing their cocks at my head.

They make me use my hands to jack them off as well. 

We are all in a frenzy...I am so turned on by this and so are they. They are moaning and I can see and taste how hard and hot their cocks are. Some are leaking precum and it drips onto me.

I am all hot, horny and a bit sweaty as we finally reach the bottom floor and they all drag me out. One guy is sliding his hard cock between by legs from behind they decide what to do with me next. They tell me to get on my knees and pray as they surround me with their hard pricks and they begin to pump them like they are cocking riffles and are about to shoot.

I'm just looking at them with my own hard twitching erection, my eyes so wide in astonishment at what I'm seeing. These gorgeous guys all working their cocks at me. I can hear the elevator finally approaching as one guy lustfully bellows out, "I'm cumming!" 

His hot juice shoots out to hit my forehead.

"Open wide and stick your tongue out little girl," one guys says as he almost shoves his dick in my mouth. I obey as he ejaculates his spunk toward my open mouth. 

I hear the elevator doors open as all the guys take turns shooting off their loads at my open mouth. Warm spunk fills my mouth to overflowing and drips down my chin. 

"They all seemed to play nicely together," David says.

"I told you Friday wanted to be alone with them, see how is enjoying their tasty offerings," Saul says.

The guys all thank David and Saul for the fun time as those who have already shot their loads gather up their clothes and depart. The last black guy with his thick long cock steps up a taps the top of his cock head as he jacks off on my head. 

"Fuck bitch here it comes!" the black guy says as his hot jizz begins to cover my hair. "Keep still...fuck..."

"Is that lovely," Saul says as the last black guy spurts the last of his hot spunk onto my hair. "They all enjoyed themselves. Friday looks cute with all the cum dripping on him."

"Thanks for letting us use your toy," The black guy says getting his clothes and walking off.

"Well it is time for us to go," David says. "Saul, why don't you oil up our girl here when we get to the SUV?"

"Good idea. I'll prep him."

What is this all about? Is it something to do with my butt? Are they really going to do something to me down there? I feel the cum start to trip down onto my forehead, and I try to clean up my face by licking up the cum and swallowing it. "Ahh...can I have something to clean up?"

"A little cum won't hurt you, and any that spilled on the floor, the janitor is use to cleaning such things up. Let's go," Saul directs us to the SUV.

When we get there, Saul tells me to put my hands on the hood of the vehicle and spread my legs. I'm not sure what is going to happen but I'm not sure I'm going to like it. I feel him dribbling oil between my butt cheeks. Then I feel his oily fingers teasing my butthole. Oh no! This is the kind of things I read about gay guys doing to each other.

But, I'm straight! Oh no...I want to tell him to stop. I bite my lip because I know that he would get mad at me if I asked him to stop. Shit. This is all my fault for letting myself get hired to two gay bosses. I guess I signed them free access to my body. Are they trying to make me gay? I am getting use to the taste of swallowing cum loads. This is terrible! 

It's like I am one of those girls in the porn videos I love to watch...getting cum sprayed on them, sucking of dicks and licking up loads of cum. I'm like one of those girls! I feel his fingers probe my butthole and then oh no! He is pressing against my virgin hole and trying to get in it! I feel my balls get warm and tingling and my cock gets all hot as he manages to get his fingers into my asshole. Oh...

I can't help myself as a tear flows down, as cum drips down off my hair, and my hot engorged cock press up against the hood of the car. He slips his fingers in and out of my hole, I can feel it getting used to having something shoved in it.

"That should do it," Saul says as he takes his fingers out of my ass.

I'm still crying as I feel a cold cock head press up against my greasy asshole. Oh God no! Not his cock! Please God not that! I feel this cold hard and oddly slick cock trying to force its way into my asshole. It doesn't feel like I imagined a cock would feel like.

"The toy seems just right for his ass," Saul says.

A toy! Thank God it is only some toy. I relax my body feeling so relieved by finding out that it is not his cock. But, oh no! When I relaxed it made it easy for that thing to get into my ass! Saul shoves it all the way up into my hole. It's slick solid mass is inside of me!

"Now hold the base of this butt plug and keep it in your ass." Saul directs me.

It feels so weird having this hard thing filling my ass. It hurts having this thing inside of me. Well, not really hurt, just weird as it makes me ass adjust to holding this thing in me. I hold its flat plastic base against my butt as I'm told. I don't want it in me yet I can feel my aching cock leak a drop of precum telling me it like all this. I watch as David opens the side door and adjust my seat back a bit.

"Now be a good girl and get in, put those heels on the dash board when you set your butt on the seat you won't have to hold the plug in your ass, just having your ass on the seat will keep it snuggly inside your ass," Saul explains.

I do as instructed and my legs stretch out with my heels on the dash. I must look like some kind of slutty girl if someone was looking in through the windows. Just as he explained the thing in my ass is staying in by the pressure of my butt on the seat. It seems so big and solid and fills my ass. I try to imagine how big it is? Is it the size of Saul's prick? Or is it the size of David's black monster? It both is and is not comfortable in me. I don't like this feeling of having this cock-like thing inside my ass but I can see that I'm betrayed by my cock once again. 

It is very, very hot and very, very hard as it sticks straight up. I can imagine steam rising off it and my balls it seems so hot and aroused. I hate it! I wish it behaved! My cock and balls are so slutty and bad! They make me seem like some horny queer. I'm not a queer! I'm not! Another tear runs down my cheek.

"Here let me help you with that hard on," Saul says as he pours oil over my cock head and lets it drizzle down along my shaft. "You should stroke off as we drive over to your Ex-Girl friends place. You'll be a good girl and tell us when you are getting close to cumming, won't you?" Saul scolds me.

"Yes. Yes, I promise."

"Friday, you are such a good little girl. There is no need to cry. Don't worry we are going to keep you," Saul reassures me.

That's what I'm afraid of.