 Here I am in the front seat of my bosses SUV, naked wearing only a pair of pink platform high heels. My feet are spread wide with those heels sitting on the dashboard. I have this plastic cock butt plug nestled in my ass, and I am sporting my fully aroused erections that my boss, David has oiled for me. We are driving to my Ex's place to get my stuff out of there so I will be permanently moved into with my Alpha male gay bosses, Saul and David.

I am afraid of what the butt plug in my ass means for my future. They are gay and I read that gays do sexual things to each other's asses. Are they planning on doing that to me?

I am scared but my cock isn't. It is hard, hot and very horny, demanding me to stroke it.

"Now, Friday, you should jack off as we drive," Saul whispers in my ear. "You can cum as much as you like, since I know you can do so multiple times. I'll drive your car back to the office and you and David will pack up your things. If you play nice, we will let you get dressed, wearing the girly things David has brought for you."

As I stroke my oiled cock I blurt out, "But what if someone sees me at my old place all naked in these heels?"

"Well, that is not our problem."

I sure hope at this hour of the morning everyone has gone off to work. I can't bear the thought of being seen naked like this. Ohhhh...the smell of cum on my body from those six gay guys who spurted their loads on me is strong and makes me even more horny. I need to cum myself and I begin to spurt out a fast hot load onto my bare chest. 

OH GOD! I AM CUMMING FAST!

"That's a good girl, cover yourself in your cum. Enjoy the ride," Saul whispers in my ear.

David, my black bosses who is driving pats my bare thigh reassuringly.

Ohhhh...yes...that wonderful feeling of full body relaxation after a hot cum. My warm cream melts into the drying loads on my body from those gay guys. My cock despite having just shot off, feels hot...the idea that someone could look into the car and see me spread naked like this is a turn on.

I then feel that thing in my ass. I had almost forgotten about it being there. With my ass pressed down on the seat it forces the butt plug deep inside me. Damn it both hurts and yet makes my cock hard.

Why?

At least I have to admit that my cock likes the feel of this plastic penis in my ass. Damn! Does that mean my cock enjoys being treated like a queer and wants to be fucked like a queer? All I do know is the familiar need I feel in my hard cock that I have to respond to and I begin again to stroke my erection. 

Ahhh...that feels so good. The familiar heat and solidity of my stiff oiled cock in my hand as I glide my hand up and down my shaft...that wonderfully feeling of joy as I jack myself off...this I know...I don't want to think about my ass and how it makes me feel to have a cock in it...

It just feels good to have an excited cock that wants to be stroked again. It is great to so quickly be turned on so I can masturbate once more. If that is the result of having that damn penis plug thing in my ass, well...so what... I like what it does to my cock...yesssss...

Ohhhh...I hope that I can be seen from the other cars...I hope that can see this naked dirty cum stained fem desperately stroking his cock for them...I hope they can turned on seeing me naked and jacking like this...envying me...wanting to be me...or wanting to have their hands on my hard cock and stroking me off...

Ohhh...actually they may only see my 6 inch platform high heels and my bare legs...ohhhh...they might slow down thinking I'm some slutty babe...

ohhhhh...yes...I love stroking my hard slick prick...what a surprise they'd get when they see 

my cock...

Then I hear two horns beeping, one on either side of our vehicle. I look up and over to the side as 

I continue to wank off. I see two drivers ogling me and giving me the thumbs up with a big grin on their face. They can see me! I arch my ass up to show off my throbbing hard on and they reply with another set of beeps. Then they fade off.

Wow!

"Friday," Saul's voice whispers in my ear. "You've played with yourself long enough, now go lean over, and suck David's cock."

Oh my! I have to admit that I've done this before. His skin smells vaguely of chocolate, and it is kind of hot and powerful to take control of his sex like this. I guess it is okay.

I reach over slowly as to not to jar David and begin to fumble with his jeans. I realize he is wearing 501's and I begin to undo the snaps to discover he is going commando.

I take out his thick warm black prick and just look and admire the sight of this lovely monster of manhood. His dark chocolate thick penis feels so good and solid in my hand.

Holding it gives me a feeling of power and control over David. I can do what I want to him and make bring him to the edge of ecstasy and back.

I gently kiss his shaft enjoying the scent of his washed body with that hint of chocolate. I then lick the shaft and bring my tongue up to his cock head. Carefully licking all along the head. David moans.

I then hear another car beeping as I take his thick black cock head into my mouth and begin to suck it.

More car horns as I suck David's black cock.

Ohhh...his cock tastes so good as it fills my mouth to bursting. He is so big I can barely get much of him in my mouth. My tongue plays with his cock head as I suck on him. David masterfully still keeps his concentration as he drives while 

I pleasure him orally. I can't imagine being able to focus like that. If someone was down on my cock I would be gone in the sensations, lost to everything. He has amazing control and powers of focus, somehow he can keep it all together even as I use my mouth to lick and suck his hot and throbbing manhood.

David begins to ooze precum and his cock shaft is getting coat with my spit and his cum as I bob up and down his thick warm member.

"Enough," Saul's voice is quiet and commanding. I obey, of course. "Go back to working on playing with yourself. Put your pretty feet back up on the dash and return to your masturbation."

I reluctantly do so, leaving David's slick solid erect manhood sticking up out of his 501's.

I find my own hot cock is a rigid pole of desire. Saul drips a stream of oil onto my cock head and lets the oil cascade down my shaft to pool onto my balls. I take my oiled cock in my hand and return to pleasuring myself.

As I approach the edge...I can hear car horns...guys are seeing me all naked and jacking...I begin to shoot a load and hear two blaring horns as the hot cream lands on my naked chest.

"In case you are even aware of anything other than your erection," Saul whispers. "I told David to take the scenic route to get your Ex's place. Wanted to give you plenty a time to masturbate naked in the car."

Ohhhh...is that it...I shoot the last of my jizz onto my chest as we finally pull off the freeway and drive into my old neighborhood.

I look at my chest and see all the wet cum loads that have drizzled down my bare skin. I think if someone sees me they could tell I had been jacking off.

"I''m glad you had a good relaxing time, soon we will put you to work," Saul whispers. "By the way, you smell like warm cum, very sexy."

We finally arrive at my Ex's place and I begin to freak out. Here I am naked, covered in cum, wearing high heels...Hell...what if I was wrong and someone is around? What if they see me like this? What will happen? I don't think they will let me get dressed...

"Well, you two have fun," Saul says as he prepares to get out of the SUV. "I will drive Friday's car back to our place. You two get to do the heavy lifting. Play nice."

With that he walks off. I frantically look around to see if anyone is around. I sigh with relief as I don't spot anyone.

"Come on, little one, " David says as he puts his dick back into his 501's and adjusts the snaps covering himself up. "We got some work to do. Grab the bags in the back, will use them to pack your clothes. I'll take the bag with supplies and the flattened boxes."

I take a deep breath and step out of the car naked in my high heels. As I do the butt plug slips out of my ass and falls to the floor.

"Oh, I almost forgot," David says as he gets out of the SUV. "Here, catch."

He tosses me a scrunched up white band out his pocket . I catch it and unravel it. It sort of looks like a thong only there is no fabric between the band and the front of the thong is this band with a narrow loop like opening.

"What is this?" I ask.

"Something for you to wear, training wheels. Your cock and balls go through the front loop. Put it on."

"Oh." I carefully get my feet through the thong bands by stepping out of my shoes, one foot at a time and then stepping back into the backless 'fuck me' platform heels. As I'm pulling the thong up my legs David comes around to me and picks up the butt plug. He wipes it off on his jeans. 

"Finish getting into them," David instructs.

I slip the thong band up and bring the back band to slip tightly between my ass cheeks, then I manage to force my ball sack and then my semi-hard cock through the front loop. Once I'm down the loop very snuggly fits around my whole crotch, sort of like a cock ring. 

"Turn around and spread your legs apart," David instructs. 

I do so a bit hesitantly afraid of what this might mean. I feel David tugging on the thong band in my ass and then I feel the tip of that butt plug against my asshole.

Oh no! Not...

David with practiced skill slips the plastic cock head into my asshole and shoves the whole thing as deeply into my ass as it can go. Then I feel him stretch the thong band and I understand. He is using the thong band to hold the butt plug in my ass.

"There. Training wheels." Now let's grab the bags and such from the back and get to work."

David hands me large empty gym bags and he takes a stack of boxes and a filled gym bag. We head to the lobby. The sound of my heels on the ground seems to echo so loud as I walk. David has my keys and he opens the lobby door and props it to stay open. We walk into the lobby and get into the elevator to head up to our floor.

The idea of being seen walking around naked is such a turn on that my prick goes and gets hard as we go up in the elevator. 

Suddenly the elevator comes to a floor before my Ex's and stops.

My heart stops a beat and then races as the elevator door slowly opens. Oh God! I look over quickly at Dave and Saul, with a look of terror at being caught like this. They are just grinning wickedly at me.

The door opens and...

There is no one there.

We wait for a few moments, no one steps in, and the door slowly closes. 

I think I stopped breathing for a few minutes.

Someone must have pushed the elevator button, and just gave up and took the stairs or something. 

Thank God.

Then suddenly a hand appears in the door and stops it from closing.

Oh no...

The door stops closing and begins to open.

Oh no...