 It was towards the end of my shift and after seven hours of staying away from the bathroom, I had to pee. I asked a fellow server to watch my tables and excused myself to go to the bathroom. I hate using the employee bathroom since that's where everyone goes to smoke, and I don't smoke. I decided to use the handicap facility. It's a single room and since I was wearing panties...well I didn't want to get caught in the regular bathroom. I laughed at the idea of standing at a stall and someone standing next to me, glancing over, and seeing my pink panties.

I removed my apron as I approached the door. I didn't hear anyone behind me and was suddenly pushed into the room I was about to enter.

"What the hell?"

"Oh shut the fuck up...I've been watching you waiting on your tables. I noticed you've been walking funny. In fact I think you walk like a girl who wears a thong after getting fucked in the ass."

He stood between me and the door and the once spacious bathroom began to feel a little cramped. I began to walk to the door. I wasn't staying in this room another second with this fuck. 

"C'mon, make it easy. Tell me you're a sissy faggot."

I went to shove him aside so I could leave, but with one quick motion he grabbed my throat as his other hand reached back and locked the door. He forced me away towards the wall. I staggered back, almost falling over the toilet. My mind wandered to last night, the night my girlfriend and I just had where she fucked me hard, with her strap on. 

And then this morning while getting dressed for work, she stopped me, tossed me her panties, and told me to put them on. They were even the same ones she wore last night and still moist from when I fingered her in the movie theater. They smelled like her and I hesitated. She told me that if I could get fucked like a girl then what's the harm of dressing in panties like one? Who was I to argue; I put them on. 

Almost a full work day passed and I was happy there was only a little more than an hour left in my shift and now I was stuck against the wall by this massive man. My heart was racing...how could I get out of this? I went to push back...he didn't move. He grabbed me again by the throat.

I knew I had to leave. I slammed my foot on his. He released his grip; I swung his arm around and got behind him. I reached my arm firmly around his neck. I had him... but, for a few seconds. He slammed back into the wall, hitting the support beam. I slacked my grip and he turned, once again held me by the neck... This time, holding tighter digging his thumb in. 

I watched his hand reach in his pocket. A slight fear of a small blade being retrieved was replaced by confusion. A wad of cash was pulled out. I saw hundreds mixed in with twenties. He carelessly threw the money on the floor

"Let's play a game. That's over a thousand dollars on the floor. I'll give that to you if you prove to me that you're not wearing panties. I'll leave, apologize, and the money is yours...but if you are..."

I whispered; his grip still tight. "And if I am?"

He laughed and let go, unzipped his pants, reached in and pulled out his dick. It wasn't big, but it wasn't small. I remember a short girl once telling me she wasn't tiny, she was fun size... Weird how that's what I thought once I saw his dick.

I didn't know what to do. I was confused, and may god help me, I think I was getting excited.

He was by front of the door

I couldn't run. I couldn't fight. I ...could ...only ...

He stepped closer and placed one hand on his dick while the other was placed on my shoulder. My knees buckled at his strength...or was it my lust? 

I once confessed to my girlfriend that I would suck a dick for her during our role play. When she continued questioning me I told her I used to go to gay bars in the hopes I would be picked up and be used, but I never was. I didn't think I'd be in the situation I always fantasized about. Now, here I was at work getting forced to my knees, my dick starting to bulge. 

Was there a way to stop this? Should I scream? Did I want to scream? I wondered if I could pull my pants down and pretend I was free balling, but I was sure the hot pink panties would stand out in contrast to my black work pants. 

And since I couldn't show him...could I really suck him off? His dick lay inches from my face. I could feel the heat of his balls. Primal urges took over and my mouth opened, a bit more willingly than I thought it would, his manhood a couple inches away.

"That's right panty slut, take it in your mouth." He waved his cock back and forth.

I didn't know what was coming over me, the fact of how big his dick looked close up, his muscular body, or one of my kinkiest fantasies coming true. My hand reached around his dick, the warmth exploded in my hand. I led the tip of it to my lips.

He wasn't gentle; he shoved it into my mouth and hit the back of my throat. I gagged.

"Don't be one of those, you sissy girl. I want to fuck this mouth. And you want me too. What straight man let's his manhood get destroyed. I was only guessing you had panties on, apparently the truth is, either you do...or you just wanted to suck my dick."

He moved his hips in motion with his hands on the back of my head. I was doing my best to think of what my girlfriend taught me. I grabbed the base of his cock to stroke him while slowing his rhythm and quickening mine. The motions helped me remember the step by step instructions my girlfriend told me while sucking on her strap on. 

I stroked each time I pulled my mouth away. If I was going to do this, I was going to have him cum to end it as soon as possible. He must have been aware of this because he stopped me. He pulled my mouth off his dick and I looked up at him, my saliva and his pre-cum linked my open mouth to his cock.

"I'm having trouble believing this is your first time slut. I never had a bitch try to make me cum that fast and almost succeed. Looks like you are ready for lesson two...now don't scream."

What did he mean lesson two? What was he going to do?

He lifted me, easily. His arms as thick as my legs had no problem raising me to my feet. He flipped me around and undid my pants quicker than most woman remove their own bras. They dropped to the floor. My panties tight against my bulging dock.

"See, I told you...panties...and..."

He slid his finger around my panties and deep into my ass. It entered a little too easily. 

"Look how loose you are. What did you fuck yourself with? Are you too shy to get a dildo at an adult shop? Maybe you spend too much time sitting in the produce section getting the right cucumber? No one will think twice while you're in line with an enormous vegetable. But, what is it? What do you stick in this ass?"

He smacked my ass, hard. The sound reverberated through the small room, the sting lasted longer.

"I want an answer bitch."

"Everything," I sounded wanton.

"Does your girlfriend know you're a closet faggot that likes things up his ass?"

"No, she doesn't know", but I lied, she knew I loved things up my ass. I even loved it when she degraded me by calling me names, but I wasn't a faggot, or gay, just submissive, wasn't I?

I heard a noise, the same type of noise I'd hear when my girlfriend would grease up her play "dick". A small bottle of lube must have been in his pocket. He gave me no warning. He pulled my panties aside with one hand and lubed his dick with the other. My ass stretched apart. I was still wanton from last night. I expected pain, I felt pleasure. It took only three thrusts and his dick was in my ass. By the fourth an "oh god" escaped my lips. 

"That's right bitch...and since you were so eager to have my cum inside you, I'm going to cum in your ass."

"Please, don't."

"You lost your choice the moment you willingly dropped to your knees."

"I didn't..."

But he stopped me from saying anything else when each thrust pushed against my prostrate. My dick was leaking cum and I was worried I would orgasm from him relentlessly fucking me. 

"I want to hear what you want. Beg me bitch."

"I can't."

"Do you want me to stop? C'mon Slut is that what you want?"

"No."

"Then you better beg me before I leave and tell all your coworkers what you truly are."

I knew I lost. My fantasy was now true, and I was going to beg for him to fuck me in the ass. I just didn't know how I would tell my girlfriend, "Fuck me, please fuck me."

"Oh yea, you sweet little bitch. I don't think I can wait any...oh god oh yea. I'm cumming."

He grunted as I felt him explode into me. The whole experience was no longer than five minute. I could no longer be under the illusion of being a better man. With cum still filling my ass I was the sissy slut my girl friend and I always pretended I was to be.

His dick was removed and then I felt something else enter. I could feel as my ass opened and surrounded the familiar feeling of a butt plug filling my ass. 

"We don't want all that cum dripping out of your ass. This should keep it in there."

I fixed my panties to hold the plug in. How far did I fall? I pulled my pants up as he opened the door. 

"What about the money?"

"Oh, that's for you. After all, a man always pays his whore."

I don't know what it was; I could have cum from his dick inside my mouth. I could have from it in my ass. But it was his words that had me cum in my pants; just from the feeling of being a degraded whore. 

I replaced my apron to cover the stain in my pants. I picked up the cash and shoved it in with my tips. I checked the mirror and although there was no evidence of it? I thought that anyone who looked at me would know the truth that I just became a cock whore.

Fortunately I had an hour left on my shift. I'd get home clean up, and erase all evidence before my girlfriend got home from work. 

I exited the bathroom passing a coworker on the way to my station.

"What took you so long?"

"When you have to go, you have to go," I replied. 

Was my face red? Did I have cum on me? Would she know I just got fucked?

"You have two tables, a three top in your station and a single in my station. The single asked for you, but you know they won't sit singles anywhere but up front."

"Thanks," I went to the three top first.

"I'll be with you shortly." And I walked towards the single in the front. It would be easier to take care of the single and then get the three top. Each step a pleasant reminder of the cum being held in my ass. I approached from behind speaking before I faced her.

"What can I get for you?"

Oh Shit

"Hi Boo, I got out of work early."