 Chapter 4 -- Falling in Love

1

I spent the weekend after meeting Adam and Ryan relaxing at home, jerking off a couple of times at the memory, but quite satisfied at my recent foray into the world of bisexuality. I had now sucked five cocks, eaten loads of cum, been pissed on, and fucked in the ass. There wasn't much left to do as far as I knew. I still wanted to suck cock on occasion, but there was no longer a fantasy that I felt that I had to achieve.

Over the next few months, I continued to check out Craigslist, finding few ads worth replying to. In the meantime, work had gotten busy and they had decided to extend my time in Hong Kong another two years, which was great for me since I was saving a boatload of cash here with almost no expenses, as I had neither a car nor a money-grubbing girlfriend. I had received a promotion and was getting worried about my extracurricular activities, wondering if I was becoming too high profile in the corporate world to maintain a secret life as an down-low cocksucker. Still, I couldn't resist the occasional outing, replying to an ad once or twice a month, visiting a hotel, and sucking an anonymous visitor to completion before jerking myself off. Adam and Ryan had told me a few things about safety and I had since been tested negative, but I had also stopped swallowing cum from an unknown donor. I would suck until the guy was about to shoot, then have him unload on my face. Over the next 6 months I met up with ten guys, blowing each of them without exchanging names. I learned that I had been very fortunate in my early dealings with Matt, Adam, and Ryan: all attractive, in-shape guys with great cocks. The men I met on CL were a varied bunch, but mostly married, out-of-shape and older, with average dicks that didn't get enough attention back home. I didn't care though; I had a cock craving that needed to be satisfied on a regular basis. I found myself focusing on the cock as soon as I saw it, ignoring the body and face behind it. I loved a hard cock in my mouth, regardless of its owner. Once I had sucked for a while and the load deposited on my face, I cleaned up and left without saying anything. I felt no shame, but thought perhaps I should, given that I was slumming for cocks on Craigslist. I suppose I was an addict of sorts, needing a new cock every two weeks or so, and I didn't care where I got it.

This less-than-admirable behavior had continued for half a year when I saw an ad that intrigued me. It was posted by a bi-curious guy who was visiting Hong Kong, but he could not host at his hotel. I had never had another man over to my place, preferring to remain as anonymous as possible, but this guy was clearly new to the game and I felt a sudden longing to teach. I remember how Matt had brought me into this world and I wanted to do the same to this guy. I replied to him with a few questions and he soon responded, giving me his real name, Geoff. I knew he was a total novice at that point, and decided to invite him over. It was a Sunday afternoon and he accepted. I gave him my mobile number as my place could be difficult to find for someone from out of town, and he said he would show up around 4.

Before he arrived, I chilled some beers and started watching a bit of gay porn on the TV to get myself ready. When my cell rang, it was Geoff who, as expected, couldn't find my place. I had to run down to the street to get him, and was not impressed with what I saw. He was shorter than I am, wispy, thinning blond hair, a bit chubby, and shy, barely shaking my hand or making eye contact. I introduced myself as Alan and showed him my apartment building and told him to go up to my floor where the door was open, I would follow later to avoid any awkward elevator encounters with my nosy neighbors. He complied and I waited a couple of minutes before going back up.

When I got there, he had made himself at home, sitting on the couch transfixed in front of the TV watching the porno I had left on. In it, one guy was sucking another, his mouth swallowing every bit of what looked to be a 12-inch dick. Geoff saw me and asked quietly if we would be doing that. I told him we would be doing whatever he wanted as I realized he had never seen gay porn before, given how slack-jawed he was. 

I got us a couple of beers and we sat on the couch, watching the last few minutes of the flick and making small talk. As the film ended and that 12-inch cock shot a huge load on the sucker's face, Geoff almost whimpered. I noticed his cock was hard in his khakis, so I asked him what had brought him to my place. He took some time to explain how he had been reading erotic stories and in one, a man was forced to suck three dicks by his wife as part of a sex game. He found himself turned on and since then, he had been thinking about guys differently and had started fantasizing about giving a blow job. I recalled that when I first me Matt, he had whipped out his cock without my noticing, but I decided to let Geoff talk some more as I moved closer. His story resembled mine in many ways, straight identified but suddenly, inexplicably, thinking about cock more and more. When I asked him if he had any experience, he blushed in embarrassment, as if being a virgin in this area was unheard of. 

I asked him what his fantasies were, and he pointed to the TV, where the porn had started again and the lucky cocksucker was already on his knees taking care of business. I moved next to Geoff and started to softly stroke his cock through his pants, asking him whether he wanted to suck or be sucked. His whole body stiffened, but he managed to emit a quiet "both", so I unzipped his trousers and told him to stand up. He did so, and I took off his pants, revealing a laughably tight pair of white briefs, tighty whities in the vernacular. I quickly removed those mood-killers along with his pants, allowing his cock some air. He was dripping precum as I put my hand around his shaft, feeling his heat. Geoff sat back down without saying a word, and I told him to take off his shirt. He did so, clearly unsure what would come next. I told him to relax and put my head on his lap, licking his cock for a few seconds while cradling his balls with my other hand. He moaned quietly and I finally put his cock in my mouth. I began to suck it and he came almost immediately, shooting his load without making any noise. I was too surprised to do anything but swallow it, and enjoyed the taste that I had forgone for so long. 

When he was finished, he immediately apologized, professing that he had not jerked off in some time. I told him not to worry, and asked him if he was ready to return the favor. He looked unsure, and I didn't want to force him into it, so I just took off my pants and boxers and showed him my cock, stroking it slowly. He just stared at it, and I knew he had never seen another man's erection before. Behind me, the porn was still going so I moved out of his way and let him watch it, hoping he would get the idea, while I kept myself hard with the occasional stroke.

He continued to alternate glances between my cock and the suck show on the TV. Finally, he dropped to his knees and I moved my cock to his face, lightly brushing his nose and leaving just a touch of precum there. He looked up at me and I nodded, telling him it was OK without being too pushy. He grabbed my cock and stroked it, too hard at first. I told him to relax and just do what he wanted. He looked again at my cock, then the TV, then he closed his eyes, grabbed my cock and put it in his mouth. His tongue slowly explored my shaft and cock head, and he started to suck. He really didn't know what he was doing, and I had to ask him to watch his teeth a couple of times, for which he again apologized. Eventually he got the hang of it though, sucking and licking, kissing my balls and putting them in his mouth. It was his first blow job and he was definitely enjoying it.

I sat back down on the couch and let him continue, encouraging him to suck harder or softer as necessary, guiding his head with my hands. After about 15 minutes, he was getting noticeably tired, not surprising for someone whose jaw muscles weren't accustomed to the action. I was ready to shoot, so I asked him where he wanted me to cum. He wasn't ready to swallow so I told him I would cum on his face. He didn't resist, and so I stood up again and began to stroke while he remained on his knees. My cock slapped against his face as I grew closer to orgasm, and he opened his mouth, sticking out his tongue. I put my cock in there and face fucked him for a few seconds and that was enough. I pulled out and shot a rope of white cream onto his cheek. He brought his face in close and moved it around my cock head as I continued to spurt. When I was done, his face was full of my juices. He had done well for his first man-to-man sex, and I complimented him, earning a sheepish grin.

He asked for a towel, so I got him one and pointed him to the shower. I got dressed, and finished the beer while waiting for him to clean up. When he came out, I asked him if he wanted another beer, but he politely declined, saying he had to be up for work early Monday. I asked him if he had enjoyed himself, but he was non-committal as we said an awkward goodbye. I wondered if he would feel any shame, like I had after my first encounter with Matt. After he left, I soon forgot about him though, and ended up going to bed early, exhausted from our afternoon activities.

2

While at work two days later, I received a text from Geoff on my cell phone, asking if he could come over that night. I was surprised as he had not seemed like a guy who would want to continue this so quickly, but I had enjoyed being the teacher and wanted to see if we could go farther, so I agreed, asking him to arrive around 7.

I left the office a bit early, getting home in time to shower and freshen up. Geoff remembered the building this time and arrived a few minutes late. When he entered, he seemed more confident and attractive, firmly shaking my hand and looking me in the eye. Again, I took him to the sofa and got him a beer. There was no porno on the TV this time, so we started chatting. He told me how much he enjoyed his first experience with me and he wanted to do more. He admitted that he was so nervous at our initial meeting that he couldn't communicate properly, but this was his truer personality. We started talking about fantasies and he asked about my experiences. I told him a few of my stories, including the time I had a threesome with Adam and Ryan. He was clearly turned on when I described being fucked and as I continued with the tale, he moved closer and started rubbing my leg. He got right next to me and planted a kiss on my cheek and then my neck, tender but tentative. We had not kissed in our previous encounter so I was taken aback at first, but Geoff was persistent. I found his newfound aggressiveness extremely sexy and without thinking I asked him to the bedroom and he heartily agreed.

We got into the bed still fully clothed, and Geoff pushed his body next to mine, continuing to kiss me on my neck, which was turning me on incredibly. He didn't have any whiskers, so there wasn't that burning sensation that I had experienced when kissing other guys. I let him continue to kiss me until he moved up to my face and looked into my eyes, searching for a response. I answered with a deep kiss on his lips, and soon we were necking, our tongues in each other's mouths, holding each other tightly. He broke the kiss and again looked into my eyes and I felt a strange attraction to this man. I tenderly kissed him again as I removed his shirt, lavishing his chest and stomach with even more kisses. He pulled me back to his face and kissed me lovingly. He had clearly been waiting for the right person to show him that man-to-man sex was wonderful and he was a quicker learner than I had been. 

As we continued to make out like teens on a first date, Geoff gradually unbuttoned my shirt and took his time with my nipples, lightly biting them and inducing waves of pleasure in me. He was actually a skilled lover now that his nerves had disappeared and my cock could not take the strain, so I undid my pants. Geoff didn't waste the opportunity, quickly moving down to kiss my cock tent. I shook off my pants and he did likewise, revealing a much more suitable pair of black boxers. He continued to moisten my own briefs before pulling them down and gobbling my cock with abandon. His technique had improved immeasurably since two days before, and he proceeded to give me a great blow job, his hands cupping my balls as he sucked.

After a few minutes, he moved his body around so his cock was next to my face. I took off his boxers and pulled his body above mine, so we were in a true 69 position with me on my back and his manhood hovering above my face. He continued to suck noisily while I admired his rod. It wasn't big, but it was beautiful, with a sculpted head that I desperately wanted. I pulled him into me and started to suck, paying particular attention to his cock head. Geoff was able to control himself this time and we spent a good half hour just sucking each other, our satisfied slurps the only sounds we made.

Geoff tired first and started to stroke me while giving his mouth a rest. I continued to suck him for a bit, but eventually he pulled out and turned around to start kissing me again. I could taste my cock on his tongue and I knew he could do the same. We made out with passion, the most I had felt for another man, which shocked me. I always considered myself nothing more than an occasional cocksucker, but I was feeling something different for Geoff, perhaps because I was his first.

We looked into each other's eyes and there was a clear connection. Geoff kissed me softly a few times, and whispered in my ear that he wanted to eat my load. I wasn't going to refuse his request and it made me doubly horny to know my cum would be the first he would swallow. He quickly went back down on me and resumed this wonderful suck job. Within minutes, he had me on the brink, and he looked up at me in anticipation, eager for his first fill of man juice. I moaned and managed to shout out "I'm cumming!", all the while looking at Geoff. Amazingly he kept looking at me as I shot my load into his mouth. When I was done, he made a point of swallowing it loudly with a huge smile. He told me he loved it and then kissed me again, deeply, before telling me that it was his turn. He ordered me to lie down and straddled me and told me he was going to cum on my face. I didn't have much choice as he pinned me down, beginning to jerk off violently. As he approached the point of no return, his face became red with exertion and then he exploded with a yell, his cum going all over the bedsheets and pillows, as well as a few drops hitting my face. Spent in more ways than one, Geoff collapsed next to me. I moved down to suck his cock as it softened while he drifted off.

I let him sleep for a while, cleaning up his mess and taking a quick shower, confused with my feelings. I couldn't deny our kissing was incredibly passionate and that I felt a spark. Was it because I wanted to bring Geoff fully into this wonderful world or something else?

When I got out of the shower, Geoff had put his boxers back on and returned to the sofa. I was still in my towel and sat right next to him. He smiled and leaned in to me for another kiss. There was no doubt he was into me as the kiss was tender yet firm. I wasn't quite ready for another session as it was getting late, so I broke it off and got us some beers. While we drank, we started talking about our personal lives. Geoff was living on the West Coast but had trips to Hong Kong once or twice a month. This was definitely his first homosexual experience and he was glad that I was a good-looking guy who wasn't pushy. As we finished our beers, he told me that he had to leave Thursday, but asked if he could come back tomorrow. I was certainly enjoying our time together and couldn't think of a reason to refuse, so told him to arrive at 7 again. I asked him what he wanted to do, and he said he would think about it. Then he asked if we could watch the porn again. 

It was getting late, but I found myself wanting Geoff to stay longer, so I quickly turned on the DVD player and started it up. Soon there was a huge cock on screen being sucked by a man and Geoff watched, engrossed. He began to stroke himself without realizing it. As he quickened, I sensed a chance to eat his cum through his underwear, a sensation I loved the only other time I had done it. I got on my knees and told him to stroke harder. Soon he began to moan and I put his cock tip in my mouth, tasting the sweat that had built up in his boxers over the day. When he released, I got a few drops through the cotton, but not much else. I pulled the boxers down, licking the cum off them before sucking the rest off of Geoff's dick.

When sat back on the couch, Geoff again kissed me deeply. As he pulled away, I found myself asking him if he wanted to stay. He was tempted but he needed to get back for an early wake-up call. However, he said he could stay tomorrow night as his flight wasn't until Thursday afternoon. I agreed to this and after Geoff had dressed using a pair of my spare boxers in place of his cum-soaked one, we kissed goodbye, a long, romantic clutch. After he left, I took his underwear and put them over my face, smelling his sweat and cum. I lay on my bed and jerked off like that, falling asleep with Geoff's boxers still on my face. 

3

The next day I got home early to do some laundry, including Geoff's boxers. When he arrived on schedule, he had brought a bottle of wine and some take out. Our activities the previous evening had not included dinner, and I was touched by his courtesy. Even more impressive was that he had cum in my underwear before leaving his hotel. He handed them to me and told me to eat it, like I had done the day before. I greedily did, licking as much of his drying load as I could while he watched. This relationship was getting interesting and unpredictable and Geoff was slowly taking charge, recognizing I was more of a cum-loving sub.

We opened the takeout and the wine, and had a meal on the couch as we chatted. I had not mentioned eating cum-covered food and decided to let that go for now. Instead we talked about our lives, and I finally told him my real name, which did not surprise or upset him. I gave him more information than I had to anyone else in this man-only world. He did the same, and there was a connection that we were sharing that I had never felt before, even with a woman. Geoff was intelligent and a quick learner. I was proud that I was the one to get him to open up to his bisexuality, but now he seemed to be in control without being dominant or overbearing. Bringing me a load of his cum to eat told me that he understood my needs and I couldn't have been happier.

We turned on the TV and watched an American sitcom for a while, sitting next to each other so that our legs were touching. I started to massage his shoulders and he leaned over to kiss me. We started to make out again, and again we quickly jumped in bed, soon locked in a 69. I found myself loving his cock like I had done with Matt, sucking and licking it like it was its own being. But this time, I was loving more than just his cock. 

As we continued our mutual suckfest, I felt an urge that I had not felt with another man -- to rim him. Matt had asked me to do it, but since then it was something I had avoided. With Geoff though, I wanted everything. I removed his cock from my mouth and licked the bottom of his balls, moving my tongue slowly towards his rosebud. Geoff knew what I was doing and opened his ass for me, letting me dig in. I tongued around the outside, feeling and loving that unique texture, making it nice and wet, before kissing it deeply and inserting my tongue. I licked Geoff's asshole and he stopped sucking me to enjoy the experience. I buried my face in his ass, my hands pulling it apart so I could get as deep as possible. My tongue explored virgin territory for both of us; I had never spent so much time or gone so deeply into another person's backside.
