 'Oh God, if my ex girlfriend,Julie could see me now', I thought to myself breathlessly.

What the bitch would have seen was me lying naked and face first on my Pro Domme's bed. I had a leather blindfold on, my wrists were cuffed tightly behind my back and I was currently drooling around a rather large orange ball gag thaT was too tightly jammed into my straining mouth.

Julie had dumped me because of my "weird, kinky shit" (and also probably because I had a pretty small dick) so maybe she wouldn't have been surprised that I have been visiting Mistress Allison. In fact I had seen Mistress Allison a couple of times before things were over between me and Julie. Our sessions had staRted off pretty straightforwardly with mild domination and humiliation games. Slowly as I came back more and more to the buxom, short haired, brunette Dominatrix things got kinkier and kinkier until a couple of sessions ago I had confessed to my ultimate humiliation fantasy.

Pretty much verbatim, this is what I said as I knelt before her with clamps biting into my nipples and she played with a string noose she had in a biting slipknot around my nuts.

"Yeah, I'd be up for having another guy involved in our sessions. As long as I'm submissive then I'd try anything. Maybe not the ass. Hell you can even pretend that you do have a guy lined up and leave me tied up in here while you act like you're going to get him in. I'm sure just the thrill would be pretty exciting."

So that was how I ended up here, having spent one hundred pounds to wait and see if I was about to become some stranger's piece of rape meat. Or whether Allison hadn't managed to get anyone and was probably going to come through sporting that long, black strap on dildo that she liked to fuck me in the asshole with. I stained my ears to hear if there was any movement or voice in the living room along the corridor but could hear nothing. I was in a funk, one minute hating myself for putting myself through this ordeal then next rubbing my erection on the duvet under me and relishing my situation.

God, was another man going to come in here in seconds and find me like this (complete with a black marker writing on my forehead saying "BITCH" and on my back that read "ASS FOR RENT"? I shivered. I tried to move my arms but Mistress Allison had done the cuffs a bit tighter than she usually did, I had no chance of slipping from them.

And then a voice. Allison speaking obviously coming along the corridor towards me speaking as she moved.

"He's in here, just ready for you. Wait until you see the bitch, he's helpless we can do whatever you want with him. Yep, got my phone with me and I can film everything."

But it was just her voice. I knew she was into her game playing and it sounded to me that she was playing this out to it's fullest. We had discussed it like I said. If she didn't get a guy lined up then she should act like she did and just the prospect of this happening would be some turn on.

I heard the door open behind me and the voice stopped. Then I felt her hand slap my upturned ass in that too hard for me to take style and I flinched and moaned into my gag.

"Told you he was a wimp, can't even take that. You want to see him cry like a baby when I use my flogger on him" which was true I really couldn't handle pain and was usually reduced to begging her to stop beating me for real rather than just a pansy act. Still nothing back though. She was on her own. Then I felt a hard object push between my ass cheeks. For an instant I thought it was a cock but it was too smooth and I realised it was plastic as she got on the bed behind me and rammed her cock right into my lubed up asshole.

I reared up at the intrusion and she grabbed my short, dark hair and pulled it roughly then released my blindfold and as it fell off I found myself staring straight into the eye of a long, thick, slick, real cock. With widening eyes I looked up and stared at a guy who looked to be 10 years older than me (maybe 50 ish) but was really well put together and was grinning like a wolf at a little lamb at me. As Mistress Allison pounded into my ass again with her fake cock she reached down and cupped my balls and fondled them.

"Mmmm. Look how hard he is for you. Look how much he wants this."

And it was true, I was as stiff as hell and fucking wanted this.

Until he gripped the end of his dick and began to slap me contemptuously around the face with it. God it made me feel so worthless as he slapped my face, the trails of pre cum sticking to my face. The manly musky smell of him invaded my nostrils and it was as disgusting as it was intoxicating. On one hand I hoped that the ball gag would remain in my mouth and on the other I was desperate for it to be removed so I could be debased even further. I heard the unmistakable click of a picture being taken behind me, it would go to the huge collection Mistress Allison had of me doing humiliating things.

She had pictures of me with her foot in my mouth, of my head shoved into her toilet bowl, of me holding up a sign proclaiming that I had a tiny cock and an arrow pointing down to it (taken just after I had cum). Pictures of me in frilly pink panties and so many more. And now she would have pictures of me with another man. Like I say if only Julie could see me now.

He rubbed his slick cock all over my face and into my hair, rubbing his hairy sweaty balls on my nose like he was marking his territory until finally I felt Mistress undo my gag and it fell open.

"Beg for it worm, beg like the bitch you are! And by the way I'm recording this!"

I paused for a moment, realising there was no going back, this was going to happen whether I tried to back out now or not, but so much of me wanted to do this.

"Oh please Sir, please fuck my mouth. Please let me suck you off! Please I want to satisfy you, I want to serve you and Mistress Allison. I am your slave and will do whatever you want. I..."

My pleading was cut off by him plunging his straining manhood into my mouth and spearing it forward to push against the back of my throat. I gagged and choked but he did not give a fuck, instead he slapped my cheeks and pinched my nostrils closed and began a hard, fast, unrelenting pace of thrusting in and out of my lips whilst his heavy balls slapped noisily against my saliva covered chin.

Soon trails of drool fell from the sides of my mouth and I felt myself struggle to keep up with his brutal face fucking pace. At least Allison had plucked her dick from my arsehole and had moved around to better film my oral degradation.

After five more minutes of this treatment he suddenly pulled his throbbing penis from my gasping mouth and swiftly turned around and pulled his naked butt cheeks apart. I knew what he expected to happen but no, I had not agreed this. I was not going to do that! I..

Had my face pushed into this man's waiting ass. Mistress Allison gripped me by the hair and with her other hand behind my head easily forced my face between his cheeks until I felt my nose press against his puckered anus.

"Now lick him bitch! Do not let your Mistress down!"

So I did. I stretched my tongue out and licked this stranger's ass. Ignoring the taste and smell I rimmed him as enthusiastically as I could, all the time knowing the Allison would be recording this too.

Finally, the man stepped forward and away from my hot, sweaty face and I felt my cheeks burn with humiliation. He smirked at me and reached down and took a handful of my balls and used them to haul me painfully to my feet before roughly shoving me back onto the bed face first. I braced myself as I felt his hands prise my own arse cheeks apart but he stopped dead as Mistress Allison spoke harshly.

"You can fucking read, can't you?"

For a moment I was stumped. The guy sloped off and I heard him walk down her corridor. Was that it? I was a little relieved, being fucked in the ass by a guy had always been a fantasy but maybe one of those that should always just stay as a fantasy not to be lived out. Then he returned and opened the wallet he was carrying and handed Allison a crisp new ten pound note. I remembered the daubing on my back and the truth dawned on me this stranger had just paid her to fuck my arsehole. And paid her a mere ten pounds for the privilege! Talk about feeling like a worthless piece of shit.

Feeling as low as the shit on the sole of your shoe I buried my face into the duvet I lay on and offered no resistance as the man pulled my ass cheeks apart and plunged his stiff, slick cock right into me. It filled me up in a way Mistress Allison's strap on never had, I had another man's erect cock within me for goodness sakes. My denouement seemed to last forever. I just lay there as he fucked me and she filmed me until finally he gave a grunt and a shudder and seconds later he came deep within me, spraying his seed long and deep to my everlasting shame.

When he withdrew he pulled me around by my hair and he deposited his spent dick in my mouth where I obediently cleaned him off straight from my own asshole. Once again Mistress Allison recorded my actions gleefully. Satisfied he pushed me onto my back and lifted my legs up and apart. I felt so exposed and helpless as he reached down and took a firm grip on my own stiff little dick. Even flaccid I could see his was still bigger than my own. He rolled me over as far as I could go until my own cock was pointing at my chest and face and then he pumped my foreskin hard. Fast and hard and before long I sprayed out my own load of cum over my chin and onto my disgusted face.

I lay on the bed a mixture of his cum and mine on my face and listened as Allison thanked the man. I still didn't even know his name. I heard her say.

"He'll do it, look I'll make him beg you for it."

She came over to me and twisted my right nipple hard.

"You know what I want on camera slave, beg your new Master for it."

We had indeed discussed it. One more debauched , depraved act to humiliate myself with. I lowered my eyes, not even able to look at him and stammered nervously.

"Please Sir, you can use me as a toilet. Piss on me if you want. I'll drink it up."

Imagine being so low as to offer to do that for a stranger. Worse still, despite having just cum moments before saying those demeaning words was visibly making my cock hard again. He looked hard at me and shook his head.

"Nah, man, not my thing,"

Then he left with Mistress Allison and I remained kneeling there contemplating what I had done in the past hour, part disgusted with myself part disappointed the man had not taken up my offer and pissed on me.

Allison returned a few minutes later and undid my cuffs and with that the session was over. Not the afternoon though as I got cleaned up and dressed Allison poured us each a glass of wine and rigged up her phone to the TV and we spent the next half hour watching my very own gay porn domination film and critiquing it.

"You know Mistress, next time if you can get more than one guy I'd take them too, I think I could get used to being a slut for cock."