 The alarm on my phone rang; it was time to wake up. But today was a good day, it was my birthday, my 18th birthday. I was a senior at my local high school where I was captain of the wrestling team and every day I woke up at 4:30am to workout with my wrestling coach. I began to dress my young athletic body. I was 5'10" and a cut 155 pounds with almost no body fat from my diets for wrestling. I have shaggy light brown hair and green eyes. 

We liked to get an early morning workout in before the school day started and practice later in the afternoon. It was during these early morning workout sessions that I began to notice just how sexy my coach was. He was a black man in his late thirties, relatively short at just 5'2". He shaved his head but kept a goatee. As short as he was though, he more than made up for it in size. A wrestler since childhood, he was a lean 190 pounds of solid rippling muscle. His best attribute though was his smile, the flash of which could bend anyone's knees.

I wasn't gay, not by any means, but because of my constant training for wrestling I spent no time with the opposite sex. I cared little for dating and at 18 was still a virgin. But something about Coach just turned me on. Maybe it was his smell, that sweet smell only a black man could have, or maybe it was that smile. Whatever it was it made me think about coach in ways I shouldn't have. 

Since today I was 18 I was finally allowed in the adult locker room at the local gym we worked out at. After a good workout we proceeded to the locker room, which contained showers, a Jacuzzi, a sauna, and a steam room. Coach told me he was going to hit the sauna before taking a shower and asked if I'd like to join him and I readily agreed. I began removing my clothes and then picked up and wrapped my towel around my waste. I turned around and Coach was just slipping off his shorts when I saw the most beautiful sight ever. Coach's limp cock took my breath away. Dangling between his legs was a monster both long and thick. The kind of cock one would imagine as perfect. Thick and shot with veins, the head was a dark purple and it was hairless. His balls made mine look like peas and I was of average size. Coach wrapped his towel around his waste and I looked up to see him staring back at me and that trademark smile flashed. In that short glimpse my cock became immediately rock hard and I knew I would have to see it again.

I didn't have to wait long either. We proceeded to the sauna where to my ultimate joy; Coach stripped off his towel and sat in the heat nude. I took my seat opposite him with my eyes never leaving his gorgeous cock. Sitting there, leering at my wrestling Coach's cock, I knew what I wanted. Just as I looked up into Coach's eyes, ready to ask him for what I wanted, he broke the silence.

"So today is your 18th birthday now isn't it"

"Yes", I meekly replied.

"Well judging by the tent between your legs you must want what I think you want so why don't you come sit by me". Coach had said exactly what I had dreamed of hearing.

I rose and let free the towel around my waste. My six-inch manhood sprang free of its confines but pales in comparison to Coach's still limp black monster. I knew what I wanted, so ignoring Coach's request to sit by him I immediately dropped to my knees and grabbed his dick.

"So the birthday boy knows what he wants, huh? Well we are all alone this early in the morning so now I'm going to give you what you want, but you have to say it to me. What do you want?" Coach inquired.

"I want you", I replied.

"But what do you want?"

"I want your cock."

"And what do you want it for?"

Finally catching on I gave in completely to my desires and my submission to this beautiful cock.

"I want to suck your cock. I want your dick down my throat and your cum in my stomach. Is that what you wanted to hear?" With that said I leaned forward and, as I had seen far too often in the porn that I watched, took his cock into my mouth.

"Well to think all this time I've been coaching a little slut. That's what you are now, aren't you?" He moaned.

Fully embracing my inner slut, I replied, "Yes Coach, I am a slut for your cock. I'm yours anytime and anywhere."

"Good," he replied. "Now it's time you learned how to suck my dick."

And suck I did. I took Coach's now engorging member back into my mouth and felt it grow in size. I lightly tongued the tip of his cock and savored the exquisite taste of his pre-cum. With his cock in my mouth I looked up into his eyes and I knew I would do whatever he wanted me to. I took my hand and grasped his now hard shaft and reveled in its feel. Fully hard he was more than nine inches long and had to have been three or more inches thick. He throbbed in my hand. I spit on his shaft and began stroking his cock to his delight. I moved lower and began licking his balls. They were salty from the sweat of our workout and tasted better than I ever could have hoped. But it wasn't the outside taste that I wanted; I wanted what was inside those delicious balls. I wanted to taste his cum. I took his cock back in my mouth and eagerly began taking more and more of him. As I bobbed up and down on his shaft he moaned in delight.

"Damn boy, you suck dick like you've been doing it for years! You must really want that cum."

"Yes Coach, feed me your cum. I want to taste you" I moaned back.

"Okay but first I'm going to fuck that pretty face of yours".

With that he stood from his sitting position and took my head in his hands. I quickly took his cock in my hands and back in my mouth. I promptly swatted the top of my head instructing, "No hands!" He began slowly thrusting his cock back in my mouth, going deeper and deeper each stroke. When his cock head neared my throat I gagged.

"Just relax your throat, your going to have to learn how to deep throat so now is the as good a time as any", Coach instructed.

He then slowly eased his cock to my throat, told me to relax, and then began thrusting into my throat. With one long, slow thrust he pushed my head down. His cock slid into my throat and with a loud moan he began pistoning back and forth, fucking my throat. I found it easy to relax my throat, maybe it was my eagerness to please this man, but I loved having his cock in my throat. Sensing this, Coach seemed to lose all tenderness with his slow fucking of my throat and began to pump longer and faster. With each stroke he pulled his cock completely from my mouth and then slammed it back to the hilt. My mouth, wrapped around the base of his shaft with my nose buried in his pubic bone, I drooled around his thick shaft and tried to lick his balls. Then pulling back until just his head was in my mouth he told me what I had been waiting an eternity to hear,

"I'm going to cum soon!"

He freed my head from his firm grasp and I went to work. I eagerly deep throated his shaft by myself and with a moan I knew he was close. I pulled his cock from my mouth and began stroking it furiously.

"Give me your cum. I want you to shoot your load in my mouth and then I want to swallow it. Please Coach, I need your cum!"

That drove him over the edge and with a roar of triumph his orgasm ensued. He grabbed my head in one hand and I jerked his first shot onto my face and waiting tongue. That first taste triggered my own orgasm without even touching my cock. Before his next shot I took his head into my mouth to catch all that delicious cum. He seemed to shoot forever; it must have been ten spurts. My mouth was full of cum and all I could do was bask in its sweet, salty glory. Without swallowing I swirled my tongue around his head before he finally removed his sensitive cock from my ever-eager mouth. Looking up into his eyes, I opened my mouth, showed him his creamy load, and promptly swallowed without him having to ask.

With that telltale smile he said, "I think its time we hit the showers."

To be continued...