 A Cumbuck's Tale, Ch. 02

Please be forewarned that in addition to heavy male/male erotic content, this chapter contains nonconsensual sex.

Chapter 2 – And Taste Like Heaven

The first thing Cam saw when his senses returned was a man's hard face, a Staubaun face, gold-haired and beardless with dark piercing eyes, a nose that was once-broken, and a mouth so perfectly shaped he couldn't stop staring at it. When he did, he saw how how big the man was. In shoulder breadth alone, he was easily twice Cam's size, and maybe three times. When he tried to move, he found he was naked—and bound. He lay face-down, his left cheek and his chest flat on a firm surface with his arms tied behind his back. He was not on the floor but bound to some kind of bench. Fear seized him further as he realized that his knees were spread wide and supported but his ass was raised and exposed, his penis dangling.

"Awake, little rabbit?" The voice was like the man, shadowy and suggesting violence.

No, please.  This isn't real . . . can't be real . . . oh, gods, let me wake up.



The cool caress of the man's hand on his naked ass brought him fully alert and made him lurch. Rope cut into his knees. "Hey . . .!"

"There we go, rabbit. Nice and lively."

"Let me go! You can't do this, you fucker. What do you want?" he asked, though he was afraid of the answer. 

"This is not about what I want." 

Cam stared. Now that his mind was clearing, he remembered where he had last been. This man must have seen him at the Fence getting his dick sucked and gotten the wrong idea. Something hard and firm, the man's thumb, pressed against his puckered asshole.



"No! Stop it, you sick bastard Staubaun! Get your fucking hands off me! I don't want this!" Cam threw himself against his bonds, bucking and twisting, but could not escape that sickening pressure.

"It's not about what you want, either."

His heart leaped to his mouth as he realized then what the man was going to do to him. "Please, sir," he changed tack. "It's not what you think. I don't like men, see—not even a little, not like that—just thought I'd try it because I had a hard one." His head was damp and he felt less hair than he should on his neck. The man had washed him and cut his hair. The skin of his jaw felt smooth, shaved, the way Staubauns liked their boys, and there was a taste in his mouth telling him that had been scrubbed, too. His panic grew. He fought back a groan of new fear and discomfort when the man's thumb again tested his anus, this time more firmly. Cam grunted as his tight hole held fast.

"But you enjoyed it, didn't you, rabbit? Getting your little Kheld dick sucked?" the man inquired calmly. Items clinked one against the other. Cam looked around at the room—stone walls with no windows, a stone floor, a few pieces of furniture. 

"Sir, I'm telling you—"

"Tell someone else." The man's other hand slipped between Cam's legs from behind and closed around his dick, tugging on it with strong, sure fingers as he continued to push his thumb against Cam's tight, puckered hole. 



"No! Stop that! Help!" he cried, clenching his buttocks. To his horror, his dick began to respond to the Staubaun's milking. 



"Go ahead," the man urged as Cam's cries rang off the walls. "Scream your lungs out. No one will hear you." He leaned over him, his breath on his ear. "You can say whatever you want, boy—this randy little dick tells me everything I need to know." The man's fingers adjusted as Cam's shaft stiffened. They circled his engorged member, increasing the pressure on his growing length. "What is your name?"



What could he do but answer? Maybe if he just played along . . . 



"Cam," he whispered.

"I am Ralen. That's all you need to know about me. I already know a lot about you."

Cam grunted and wished his dick would stop getting harder with every stroke of those strong Staubaun fingers.



"You're a fine-looking young buck, you know . . . and you cleaned up pretty. Real pretty. You and this nice, Staubaun-loving dick." Ralen chuckled, his fingers tightening, tugging harder on the now-rigid shaft as Cam silently swallowed his shame. He hated that his body was betraying him this way. "That's right, Cam, you're hard for me, just like you were at the Fence. A lively young buck looking for Staubaun fun. Lord Penargos will like that."

Cam had never heard the name before, but it sent him to the edge. A Lord . . . he envisioned a tall golden man dressed in furs and rich leathers, gazing down at him from horseback . . . His prick twitched in Ralen's masterful hand. He bucked as the tip of the man's thumb pushed through the outer resistance of his asshole. "No, please!" he begged, thrashing with alarm at the invasion.

"Relax, Cam," the man soothed, leaving his thumb where it was and, mercifully, going no further. "I am going to prepare you. Lord Penargos is going to want to use your virgin mouth and ass, and I am going to make sure he enjoys both. It will be easier on you if you let me do my job. That's it, bear down—let me in." He resumed gently pushing his thumb into Cam's asshole.

"Please, no—it hurts, oh, please no—oh Goddess—" The pain burned. Make it stop . . . please, make it stop . . . 

Ralen's thumb advanced an inch, then two, while with his other hand, his fingers pumped Cam's raging hard dick. After a few moments, the discomfort eased, though only a little. "You see, it's not so bad once it opens a bit. See, your little prick likes it. Bet it gets even harder when you have a cock inside you."

This was the man—had to be the man—who had taken his entire dick, including his balls, into his mouth. Thinking about it, Cam nearly spurted on the spot, and might have had Ralen not released his throbbing erection. Cam howled as Ralen roughly used his thumb to pull open his asshole and some kind of nozzle slid briefly into him, delivering something warm and slick before being withdrawn.

"Just a little oil, boy," Ralen said. He pulled out his thumb, but before Cam could gasp in relief, he inserted a finger, circled the tight band of muscle roughly, then forced a second finger in to join it. Again Cam struggled and grunted with pain. Lubricated by oil and eased by the prior passage of his thumb, the man's fingers slowly penetrated his tight orifice, overcoming its natural resistance. Again he felt an urge to bear down and when he did the fingers went deeper. "There we go. You've got a tight ass, Cam, perfect for a Lord's pleasure."

"No, please," he begged, unable to escape. He was too well bound to the bench, his upper body immobilized, his legs strapped and quivering. "Not that," he sobbed, "not that . . ." His captor's fingers worked in his slick asshole, moving in a circle, gently stimulating.

"Relax, Cam. Let yourself open. You're not going to crap. I saw to that while you slept. That's it—" Ralen slid his fingers in deeper as Cam's asshole grew accustomed to being stretched, "—get used to it, let it feel good."

"Oh, Goddess . . . no . . . oh, no . . . please . . ."



"That's it, rabbit, just a little more. You're going to be nice and tight," Ralen murmured, working his fingers in firm, deep strokes as Cam howled with shame and protest. Cam felt his dick extend, his balls lift as the man massaged something inside him, something in his tight, clenching asshole that sent jolts of pleasure straight to his already pulsing shaft. "You are loving this, cumbuck. Dicks don't lie. I see it twitching. In fact, I think you're going to shoot your little load."

"No! No, you bastard. Oh, no—ungh!"

Unable to stop himself, Cam sobbed as his prick bunched and he ejaculated, his seed splashing on the stone floor. He jerked and shuddered as his orgasm continued in helpless spasms from the fingers still sliding in and out of his ass. Only gradually did that horrible, luxurious stroking cease and Ralen withdraw his fingers. Cam cursed silently as he listened to the man walk across the room to a washbowl, heard the pouring of water, and knew that Ralen was washing his hands. The man next used a soft cloth to wipe the oil from Cam's ass and wash the semen from his now limp dick. His captor then calmly mopped the floor so that it was clean of ejaculate. Cam blinked miserably, staring at the walls, no longer hoping for any kindness.

When footsteps told him Ralen again stood beside him, he refused to look up until the man grasped him under the jaw and lifted his chin. "Don't play stupid games, rabbit. You may not want this, but this is what you are getting, so I suggest you let me help you get through it. Hells, you even liked it, once you gave in." A cold smile met his resentful glare. "Try to deny it, but you know it's true. Your ass loved that. You're made for pleasure, both to feel it and give it. And you're going to give it. So let me help you and give you a few pointers on how to use your pretty mouth."

Cam jerked his chin out of the man's grip and snarled at him with pure hatred. "You gods' damned Staubaun bastard! I'll bite your dick off! I'm not going to suck you!"

"For once, you're right. Lord Penargos expects a virgin mouth, and a virgin mouth is what he'll get." Ralen sighed, his expression softening. He spoke in perfect, barely inflected Khelda now. "I wish I had more time with you. I don't. So let me set you to right. You are one hell of a good-looking Kheld boy. In fact, Cam, you are prettier than most. Those great blue eyes, that jet black hair—your damn beautiful mouth—you are what every Lord whose cock gets hard for Kheld boys wants. One look at you and any Kheld-humping Lord in the land would want to fuck you. And Penargos will. You see, I give him fresh new boys to tame—and he looks the other way at my smuggling indiscretions. Now, I think you are smart enough to know that I have a hell of a better chance of looking out for you should I give you to Lord Penargos for one night than if I sold your cherry ass to some Trulo brothel, where you'd serve a dozen Lords a night while your looks hold out—because I sure as hells won't be taking you back to Omadawn."

Cam fought a new wave of panic at Ralen's blunt portrayal of his situation. Hells, even if he did escape, he didn't know where he properly was right now! He had assumed that he was still in Omadawn, but what if he wasn't? And that part about a Trulo brothel— 

"You damned Staubaun bastard!" he swore again, straining against his bonds.



"The more you resist, the worse it will be for you. Penargos takes what he wants. If he can't get his pleasure easy, he takes it hard. Either you flatter him by letting him think you secretly like what he's doing to you, or he starts doing things he knows damn well you don't like. Things that will hurt you and maybe will kill you. Penargos won't care—and if you give him a bad time, neither will I."

Oh, Mother . . .  He didn't want to die. But he didn't want to be fucked, either. "One night?" he asked, knowing he had no choice, wondering if he could bear it.

"One night. He never stays longer. Never takes a boy with him."

"And then you kill me after, right?" Cam challenged, hating this man but fearing him too.

Something much warmer than before gleamed behind Ralen's deadly smile and pitch dark eyes. "No, I don't." 

"Oh, gods . . ."

"Learn to like it, Cam," the man advised him, reaching to a table and pulling it near. On it were several implements. "It'll be better for you, if you do."

* * * *

Ralen had gotten hard the moment he had abducted Cam. The only thing he had done to relieve himself had been to masturbate while he looked upon the unconscious youth. He would ruin no part of his latest gift to the man who secured his safety on this part of the river. Now, as he prepared to train the boy's mouth, he wished he could experience Cam's first plundering for himself. 

For all the terrified emotional flailing of Cam's resistance, something sensual and enduring lurked within his unawakened sexuality. The boy had barely begun to explore, much less embrace, his body's capacity for pleasure. He certainly could not imagine the depths to which other men would exploit his aptitude. Penargos, in every way a connoisseur of the pleasures young Kheld males had to offer, would not be able to resist him. Ralen was having a hard time doing that himself.

He rubbed a balm upon those defiant berry-hued lips, not only for softening but for lubrication.



"Bite a Lord's cock only if you are willing to savor the deed and die," he warned, though he little feared that Cam would truly tempt that fate. The youth was spirited but not stupid, and ultimately cared about his life. "If he doesn't slice open your gut just to let you watch his dogs devour your entrails, he'll give you to his men so that they can do the honors after they're done with you."

"I can't suck dick."

"Of course you can," Ralen assured him. "I sucked yours, didn't I? But you see, yours is a dick. Lords, on the other hand, are bigger than that. Their prongs are called cocks." He held up a cylinder shaped of leather, fashioned to represent male parts including two round balls. It was about the size of Cam's erect parts. "This is a dick," he said, then held up a second, similar object, but much longer and thicker several times over.  "This is a cock. And you, Cam, are going to suck cock."



"No!" Cam tried to pull away but rope cut into his shoulders, reminding him that he was bound to the bench. "I don't suck men, you bastard! I'm not that kind! I'm not some Staubaun-sucking wog—"

"Maybe you are, boy. Did you ever think of that? You sought the Fence out on your own, didn't you? You get hard thinking about Staubaun men. Did you just think we would suck your pretty little rabbit dick and never want the rest of the package?" Ralen put aside the smaller phallus and smeared oil on the larger, rubbing it across the toughened hide. The thick oil glistened in the low light. "Don't worry about the length," he said. The leather cock was intimidating in size and thickness. "Only a well-practiced throat can take all of it, and he will know you are new. He'll know if you're enjoying his cock and trying to please him, which is what I suggest you do."



When the boy, eyes closed, refused to open his mouth, Ralen grimaced. This one required some breaking after all. Pushing back the chair, he stood and went to the cabinet, from which he selected a sturdy leather harness. Efficiently adjusting the heavy straps, he secured the leather phallus to his loins and returned to the mounting bench, prepared to deal more harshly with his captive. This time, he remained standing. Grabbing a handful of Cam's thick black hair in his right hand, he pulled back until the boy yelped, then he seized the boy's nose with the fingers of his left and pinched tight. Now Cam had to open his mouth if he wanted to breathe. Futilely, his great blue eyes staring up at his captor, Cam struggled but could not prevent Ralen from thrusting his left hip forward, pushing the leather phallus between his lips. 

"Nuhh!" Cam protested the heavy object resting against his clenched teeth.

"Open," Ralen ordered, yanking back hard on his handful of hair. He intended it to hurt, and it did. Cam dropped his jaw and the leather barrel slid all the way past his teeth until it encountered the back of his throat. Of course the boy gagged, his body violently heaving. He struggled in his bonds until Ralen drew back, unblocking his airway and leaving only a few inches of the massive member in that open, gasping mouth. "That wasn't smart, rabbit. I'm being gentle. You can be made to obey." He withdrew the phallus and listened to the boy's gasps, saw the growing realization in those terrified blue eyes. Cam saw how he could be forced.

"Now, you're smart, so let's try it again," Ralen suggested, moving his hips forward so that the leather phallus touched those handsome young lips. His own cock throbbed with an arousal he made no effort to conceal. The boy had only to look to notice the bulge in his trousers. "Will you let me show you how to do this so he doesn't hurt you?"

With a sound between a sob and a gasp, Cam nodded and blinked his consent. Ralen released his nose and watched, pleased, as the boy drew a deep breath, then opened his mouth to accept the fat oiled head of the phallus. The fake organ slid between his teeth.



"There, you see, that's all there is to it," Ralen said, enjoying the sight of the youth with his mouth full of dark leather. Soon enough, it would be full of Staubaun cock. He moved gently, delivering shallow strokes, so that the cock head slid in and out of that receptive orifice. He relaxed his hand on the boy's head and stroked the heavy dark hair. "That's nice, Cam, real nice. Now close your lips over it and use your tongue on it, that's the way."



Ralen could not feel Cam's ministrations, of course, but he was pleased to see the boy awkwardly following his instructions. "Your tongue will pleasure him best. Use it well, particularly along the underside or flicking on the head. Do to him what you like done to you. Lusty rabbit like you ought to have a good idea about that." Pulling the leather cock from the young man's mouth, he positioned it for the boy's tongue, the better to practice technique.



After another minute, he slid it again between his lips, Cam's mouth opening to receive it. "That's very good, Cam. Now relax your throat, just take it in. The deeper, the better." He saw and felt the dry heave that seized the youth as the phallus set off his gag reflex. Ralen pulled the leather cock back, then slowly pushed in again, repeating the insertion until Cam succeeded in allowing the cock into his throat. "You'll learn to do it. You liked it when men sucked your dick, now didn't you? I'm sure you wondered what it would be like to enjoy a cock in your mouth—a big, thick Staubaun cock loaded with seed. That's right, Cam. This cock won't fill your mouth with a man's juices—it can't—but Lord Penargos will. And when he does, I want you to close your lips tight around his cock . . ." He slid the leather phallus once again between Cam's perfectly parted lips, ". . . that's right, just like that . . . suck, yes, harder . . . suck and swallow." He met the horror in those beautiful eyes and added, smiling, "That's right, rabbit. He's going to want you to drink it. And you're going to fucking enjoy every drop."

* * * *

It was barely an hour later when Lord Penargos arrived at the room. Cam, helpless and strapped to the bench, his body presented for the Lord's pleasure, saw the man enter and knew himself lost. A tall, golden-haired man of middle years, Pernargos already sported a large erection straining in a noticeable bulge beneath his clothing. That erection became more pronounced the moment he looked at Ralen's offering. With a cold smile, he walked forward, his powerful, commanding stride echoing between the walls. Wealth gleamed from garments of the finest leather and velvet, and sparked from a brace of great jeweled fastenings that secured his heavy cloak of silver fur.



"Delightful! A beauty indeed. Ralen, you always find the most amazing little rabbits for me to play with." The man's arrogant voice, self-confident and amused, displayed the assurance of a man of power. "He's very pretty." He had arrived at the bench. Cam closed his eyes and tried not to respond as fingers heavy with rings touched his hair and stroked it. "Lovely, just lovely. You know I like the true native stock best. Look at me, rabbit," the voice ordered. 

Cam looked up into that handsome face, its gaze of dark, arrogant gold hungrily fastening onto his. 

"Glorious! Eyes like pools of summer sky." The cruel mouth smiled, revealing even teeth. He walked around the bench and Cam flinched as Penargos ran his hand over his shoulders, down his side, then slowly over the smooth curves of his buttocks. "Charming," the Lord said again, marveling. "An exquisite body. He's virgin, I assume? You have outdone yourself, Ralen."
