 An hour after he got the phone call from Jason, Troy pulled up in front of the garage, got out of the car, and hefted his overnight bag over his shoulder. He'd tried to call the dumb bastard twice during the trip, with no answer, but he was pretty sure he knew where Jason would be. Passing through the building, he dropped his bag in Jason's office and headed out back.

He was right. Jason was on his back underneath the car. The royal blue 1968 Mustang he'd been working on for five years. Even in the fading light, Troy could see he'd made considerable progress. In fact, Troy was pretty sure the damn thing was nearly done.

He approached the car and kicked Jason's foot lightly. "Dude," he said. "What the fuck?"

"Hey!" Jason rolled out from under the car and peered up at Troy with a grin. "You made it."

"No thanks to you." Troy leaned against the car, taking in its gleaming lines. "You done?"

Jason hopped to his feet, still grinning. He looked remarkably clean for a guy who'd just rolled out from under a car. The implications made Troy's cock twitch. "Yep," said Jason. "What do you think?"

"'Bout time. Troy put a hand against Jason's waist and kissed him. "Is that all? When you called, you said you were gonna make it worth my while."

I am." He slid his hands under Troy's lapels. "Remember what I said I was going to do when I finished it?"

"Something about getting fucked on the hood."

"Yeah. Getting fucked by you, in fact."

Troy nodded. He did remember that part. They'd been drinking, and Troy had ribbed Jason about the car. It had all ended with a deal -- if Jason could finish the car in less than eight months, Troy would fuck him senseless on its freshly restored hood.

Well. A deal was a deal. And it wasn't as if Troy didn't want to fuck Jason. He did. Very much.

"I remember," Troy said. He cupped the back of Jason's neck and pulled him in for another deep, powerful kiss.

Jason smelled vaguely of oil and metal, but more of soap and clean skin. Troy had been right -- Jason had gotten himself ready. The tang of the mechanic's yard was just enough to make him smell headily masculine. Just enough to make Troy's cock strain hard against his zipper. He stroked Jason's tongue with his, then ripped the other man's shirt open. Buttons pinged against the bright blue metal of the car.

Jason drew back, tipping his head away from Troy's. "I could shower again first."

"No." Troy bit his neck. "Not giving you a chance to back out."

"I won't back out. I just won't be so greasy."

"You're not greasy." He pulled at Jason's belt, loosened it, then pushed him toward the front of the car. "I want you just like this."

"Perv."

"Yep." Troy planted one hand on the small of Jason's back and bent him over the hood. Pulling at his own belt, he said, "You sure you want this, Jay? You weren't just shitting?"

Jason spread himself over the hood, face down. "Wasn't anything else that could have made me finish this thing so fast."

Troy didn't know how to react to that. There really wasn't anything he could say that wouldn't sound lame. But Jason had opened up just there, given Troy something he hadn't expected.

They weren't looking at each other. Jason was sprawled with his face against the metal, so Troy could read nothing in his eyes. Maybe that was why Jason had said what he'd said. Maybe the only time he could admit to his feelings was when he couldn't see Troy.

Fair enough. Troy cupped Jason's round ass through his jeans, then reached around to unbuckle Jason's belt. Jason lifted his hips away from the car, giving Troy room to maneuver under him. A quick shift and a tug, and Jason's jeans were well on their way to his ankles. The skin revealed was clean and pale. This was not the body of a man who'd been working under a car all day. It was the body of a man who'd readied himself for a lover. A man ready to be fucked. Troy went to his knees behind Jason, drew his ass cheeks wide to rim him.

He tasted clean and musky. Troy worked him with his tongue, feeling the taut muscles go loose and willing. He felt less bad about not having lube. Not like Jay was a virgin, obviously. Spit and pre-come should get them by. Judging by the way Troy was writhing and moaning, it would do just fine.

And it did. Reluctant to leave off what he was doing, but anxious to sink into Jason's ass, Troy levered back to his feet, unbuckling his belt as he moved. He dipped a hand into his pocket to retrieve the condom there before dropping his jeans and shorts. Clenching the square packet in one hand, he pressed his bare erection against the heat of Jason's naked ass. He could come just touching him. But he wanted inside.

He tore open the condom package and rolled it on. The latex was slick with lube; that would help. Sliding the head of his cock against Jason, he pressed slowly in.

Jason went limp for him, relaxing along the length of the hood, a slow moan droning out of him. Troy didn't enter him so much as he was drawn into him, deeper than he'd intended to go in a first thrust, hard inside Jason's hot, tight channel. Jason cursed, but it was the right kind of cursing, the breathy, incoherent kind that meant don't stop. Ever.

So Troy fucked him. Hard and fast and deep, making him slide across the gleaming hood of the Mustang.

"God," he said. "God, Jason. Shit. Why'd you make me wait for this?"

Jason clenched on him. He sounded like he was trying to say something, but it came out choked and broken as he convulsed under Troy, an orgasm pumping through him, shaking him in that awkward way that made it clear he hadn't expected it. Troy clasped Jason's hip, holding him still. Jason's ass spasmed on Troy's cock. The pressure made him gasp, grit his teeth, and then come, spilling himself deep in Jason's strangling heat.

When the red and black haze had faded from his vision, Troy heard Jason talking. "Why'd you bother waiting? Why'd you make the damn bet? You could have had me any time you wanted."

"Didn't know."

"Coulda fucking asked."

Troy had no answer. Instead of trying, he leaned forward and kissed Jason's back gently. "Good to know," he said softly, and heard Jason laugh.

"Asshole," said Jason.

"Prick," said Troy. He withdrew slowly, then helped Jason stand. Jason turned around and kissed him.

"'Bout damn time," he said, and took Troy's hand, and led him back to the house.