 I left Atlanta knowing I had made a big mistake. 

The whole ride home with my parents, I felt ashamed about letting Jim, a man old enough to be my father, ravish my 18-year-old male body the night before. 

I was especially disturbed because I had loved it so much, being his girl and following his orders. He had called me "Wendy," the name of my ex-girlfriend, and I loved it.

I also had loved being naked for him. I loved raising my ass, spreading my legs, and feeling him enter me. And it bothered me that I came harder than I ever did with a girl as he plowed into me that night.

But now, I was going home, and it would be my secret forever. I resolved to find a new girlfriend and put the sordid events of Atlanta behind me. I would focus on swimming and high school. I was determined to be a practicing hereto-sexual.

Then a few days later at my house, the phone rang and everything changed again.

"Billy?" my mother called out. "Someone named Jim wants to speak to you."

My hand shook as I grabbed the phone in the other room. It was him, alright.

"How did you get my number?" I asked.

He laughed that deep laugh of his. 

"Come on, Billy," he said. "Is that any way to talk to an old friend?"

"We have nothing to talk about," I said.

"Listen, you little slut," he hissed. "I have some photographs your parents might like to see."

I was being blackmailed by this wicked older man.

"What do you want from me?"

"Let me see you just once more, and I'll leave you alone."

He insisted on coming to my house, so I told him to be there on Saturday night when my parents were going across town to a party likely to last into the wee hours.

My parents had been gone for an hour Saturday night when the doorbell rang. I had forgotten how big and handsome Jim was. As soon as I closed the door behind him, he sneered at me and threw a big manilla envelope on the floor in front of me.

"Just in case you thought I was bluffing," he said.

I looked at the first picture. There I was, naked, sweaty, and sucking his enormous cock. Had someone else watched us from behind a camera? I slid it back in the envelope and shoved it under the couch. Jim knew he had me where he wanted me.

"Take me to your parent's bedroom," he said.

I assumed I was going up there to get fucked, but instead he started going through my mother's dresser. He pulled out a pair of pink satin bikini panties and a pair of white Flash Dance-style leg warmers. He then went to her jewelry box and found a pearl choker.

He threw the whole ensemble on the bed.

"Put these things on under your clothes," he said. "We're going out."

It seemed so degrading. But Jim had me over a barrel., so I took off my underpants, put on the leg warmers and panties under my jeans and tried to position the choker so nobody would see it when we left the house.

When I complained that I was getting tired, he handed me a couple of pills.

"Here," he said. "This is a stimulant and this blue one is, uh, a vitamin. Take these before we go."

Had I not taken those pills, in retrospect, maybe the rest of that night would have gone differently.

He drove me silently in his black car.

"Are you taking me to a hotel?" I asked.

Jim said nothing.

We ended up at a large fancy office building downtown. Jim signed in at the security desk then ushered me into an elevator and pushed the button for the penthouse floor.

"You're very popular here," he said with a low laugh. Before I could ask him what he meant, the doors opened.

The place seemed to be deserted. We walked down a marble hall with crystal chandeliers. He escorted me into the men's room.

"Take off everything but the outfit I put on the bed and leave it in the stall."

I did as he told me. How humiliating it was to be a boy clad only in panties, leg warmers and a pearl necklace. Also nasty. Naughty. Dirty. I prayed nobody would see me like this.

But I had to admit, I felt more naked dressed like this than I ever did when I was actually nude.

To make mateters worse, I felt my cock grow hard as a rock in my mother's panties as I accompanied him down the hall.

We entered a large room which I assumed was his office. To my dismay, three other middle aged men in business suits were sitting around a large desk. They all rose as I entered. I tried to turn and run, but Jim twisted my arm behind my back and pushed me forward.

"Here he is, everyone," Jim announced. 

"Well well, he is a pretty boy," said the oldest man, laughing and pointing at my cock. "You're right, Jim. He does like wearing women's clothing."

"Let me go, please," I begged Jim who responded by producing a pair of handcuffs and cuffing my wrists behind my back.

"Nonsense," said Jim. "These men just want to get a look at you. They want to watch us together. And after we are done, I'll take you home."

One of the men turned off the overhead light. Now the only light in the room was the desk lamp which acted as a spotlight for the performance to come. Through the window across the room I could see the city skyline. 

I began to feel really frightened as the three encircled me. Jim was a tour guide and my body was the destination.

"Check out his nice broad shoulders, his slim waist, and the sleek round globes of his bottom."

The three seemed to be getting hard as they looked me over. I felt their hands on my thighs, my chest, and, yes, my ass and my cock through my panties.

"His nipples are getting hard and his cock is getting stiff," one said. "This one is even gayer than the last boy you brought us."

I felt myself blushing and fighting back tears. I have never been more mortified.

Jim smiled into my eyes as he faced me.

"Ever seen a teen-ager's cock after he's taken amphetamins and Viagra?"

I suddenly realized what that "vitamin" was. I also understood why my cock was so unusually hard.

"No, no, please," I gasped as Jim peeled my panties down my thighs. I looked down in shame as my cock strained toward the ceiling, angry and swollen.

The men gasped. 

"That is the hardest cock I've ever seen," said one man.

"He is really built to be fucked," said another. "There's not a hair on this boy's sweet body other than his head. And look at that beautiful ass... so round and smooth and tight."

Jim laughed again.

"It won't be tight for long," he said as I felt his fingers exploring my crack, sliding a lubricant up my anus.

I tried to struggle, but with my hands cuffed it was useless. My cock waved in front of me like a tree branch as I tried to stop what was about to happen to me. The men each took a seat to watch.I was positioned over the desk with my cock hovering over the blotter and my ass projecting lewdly behind me, slick with lubricant, ready for penetration.

The show was about to begin.

Jim stood behind me and began tapping my ass. He had done the same thing in Atlanta, but not, I had assumed, for an audience.

"Watch this," he said, "This little bitch gets real horny when I play with her ass."

I groaned in shame and lust as his palm kept slapping my ass. Each slap made my cock bob up and down. Audience or no audience, I desperately needed release.

"Please..." I gasped at Jim. "Please fuck me,"

Jim slapped my ass even harder. "Such a polite little girl."

The other men had opened their pants and were stroking their cocks as they watched this lurid scene.

I spread my legs a bit and rolled my hips to invite Jim's cock inside me.

"Oh God, have mercy on me," I gasped. "Please Jim. Put your cock in me..."

I heard his zipper go down. Then even more rustling of clothes. Jim was stripping.

"In your pussy, Wendy?"

I had lost all shame by now.

"Yes, yes, in my pussy. Fuck my little pussy."

I felt his fingers pull my ass toward him. His legs were kicking mine farther apart. Through the corner of my eye, I could see he was nude. We were putting on a private sex show for some very powerful men, and I was the main attraction.

The tip of his big hairy penis was slimy with lubricant and seemed to be searching for my asshole. I felt the bulb sliding in my anal ring, and I winced in pain as the invasion began.

Suddenly, he shoved into me with brutal authority. I moaned and slumped a bit, but Jim reached forward and pulled me back up by the shoulders.

"These men paid a lot of money, Wendy," he said. "They deserve a good view."

I stayed upright and looked down at my cock, jutting so high over the leather blotter on that glossy desk of burled walnut.

Jim's thrusts reminded me why I had swooned in his arms in Atlanta. His slithering cock massaged my prostate with devastating effect. I felt as though his cock was masturbating me from the inside out. My cock was now bigger and harder than I had ever known it to be. I worried for a moment that it would be permanently disfigured by this secret lustful dance I was doing in this executive's office, but a few shoves later, drunk with lust, I only wanted to cum. 

Jim reached around and pinched my nipples, massaged my belly and, for only a moment, touched my cock. I gasped and pled again for him to jack me off.

"No, no, no, Wendy," he said sadistically, his powerful hips slapping against my ass with wicked regularity. "That will happen on its own."

The audience was now pumping their cocks at full speed. I now realized Jim was the greatest lover I would ever know, With a yelp then a scream, I watched my hard cock as it began first to drool and then to gush streams of cum that formed slimy trails all over the desk and blotter.

Jim grabbed my ass and slammed his cock even harder into the depths of my bowels. Right now, I was truly his girl, and he wanted me pregnant.

Then with a loud roar, Jim spewed his sperm into my bottom. 

"Yes, yes," I cried, "Fill me up."

His cock finally stopped its contractions, but Jim still held me tight.

Our observers were as spent as we were, each using a handkerchief to clean their cocks.

Jim pulled his cock from my ass and spun me around to face him. We were both glistening with sweat as he bent down to kiss my mouth. I returned the kiss with lust.

Our audience applauded.

Jim uncuffed me, I said goodbye to the others, went back to the bathroom, with Jim's cum drooling down my legs, and got dressed. As promised, he drove me back to my house.

We didn't talk as we rode back. I thought about resting my head on his shoulder but decided against it.

As he pulled into the driveway, he reached into his wallet and pulled out $200.

"You earned this," he said. 

I took the money. I know that makes me a whore, but I don't care.

"When will I see you again?" I asked.

Jim smiled.

"I don't know," he said, "But each of those guys will want to see you."

Damn that Viagra. My cock was hard again.

"My parents aren't back yet," I said. "Want to come inside?"