 Just a few weeks ago I was Billy, an 18-year-old boy, a member of the high school swim team, a boy who liked girls. 

But now I was Wendy, and I thought about only one thing: 

Jim. 

Jim had seduced me with his quiet, 45-year-old confidence, his huge, powerful body and his enormous cock. He was a blackmailing bastard who threatened to show my parents pictures of me having sex with him. He forced me to perform sex acts with him in front of other men. They had watched him pummel my little round ass with his thick, hairy cock. They watched my untouched cock gush cum all over someone's expensive desk as I thrilled to each invasive thrust. 

After that episode, he truly owned me, He called me "Wendy," the name of my ex-girlfriend, and I didn't care. In fact, it made me hard. I spent every moment wondering when we would meet again.

I didn't have to wait too long.

Jim called one night and summoned me to a suite at a fancy downtown hotel. It was a Wednesday night. A school night. I had a history test the next morning and I had yet to study for it. 

But I had to have Jim's cock. So I made up some fake story about studying with a friend, took my mother's car and drove to the hotel. I went to the suite. He was there to greet me at the door, in a dark business suit, his hair still wet from the shower. His greeting was less than cordial.

"Where the fuck have you been?" he asked.

"I came as fast as I could," I said, taken aback.

"You'll find your outfit in the bedroom," he said. "I have to leave. The guests will be here in a few minutes. Entertain them for me. They're coming to see you. So fix them drinks. Give them lap dances. Let them feel you up. Suck their dicks. But don't let them suck you, fuck you or jack you off. Is that understood?"

I nodded, and he left.

On the bed in the bedroom, I found a pair of white knee socks, a lacy pair of white bikini panties, and one of Jim's mongrammed dress shirts. Though I should have been humiliated I put it all on. The shirt, of course, was way too big for me. I wore it like a girl who had just had sex with a man, sleeves rolled up a bit, and unbuttoned so the guests would see my washboard abs, my panties and my knee socks. Lust had destroyed my sense of shame.

I also found two pills on the bed. I knew from our last tryst that one was an amphetimine and the other a Viagra. Like a good girl, I took them. Then I waited for the guests.

An hour passed. It was now 11 p.m. Jim wasn't back, and the guests had not arrived. My head was wired from the speed, and my cock was stiff from the Viagra.

Then I heard the knock at the door.

I ushered in the same three middle aged men who had watched me get fucked in that office a few nights before. They leered at me as they entered, all wearing business suits.

They sat down and barked out orders for their drinks. As I threw ice in their glasses and filled the glasses with scotch or bourbon, I could hear them behind me, whispering and laughing. I know I blushed as I carried their drinks to them on a tray.

As they sat and drank, I walked from man to man, straddling their laps and wiggling my panty-clad bottom over the cocks I could feel stiffening in their pants. I enjoyed their lusty groans, feeling their cocks between my cheeks, knowing all this could only go so far.

My cock was clearly hard in my panties, and one of the men asked to see it. so I stood up. Like a stripper, I slowly pulled down my panties, stepped out of them, and displayed to each man my hairless cock stiffly arching toward the ceiling. I felt the hem of the shirt tickling my firm round bottom. I was a dirty little slut, and, to be honest, I loved it.

The oldest of the three stepped up to me and kissed me on the mouth. As he held me, I felt the other men slide their hands over my ass and stomach. Someone started to lick my cock, but I jumped back and told them Jim wouldn't allow it.

The oldest man broke his kiss and pushed me down by my shoulders.

"Jim will allow this," he said.

The man unzipped his pants and, inches from my face, his hard cock sprang forward, pointing at my mouth.

"Suck me, Wendy," he commanded as the others jeered.

That was only the second cock I had ever sucked, but Jim had taught me well. In a few minutes the man was rocking his hips and holding my head to his groin. The tip of his cock kept sliding against the back of my throat. I could feel him getting harder with every thrust.

"Swallow my sperm, bitch!" he cried as his throbbing cock gushed in my mouth. I was a good girl and gulped it all down. I even licked his shaft afterwards.

The other two men then insisted on the same treatment. I obeyed. The three of them stood around me and called me a sweet little cocksucker. I took each cock like a prize,  noting the prominent wedding ring on each man's left hand. I stared into each man's face as I swallowed their salty sperm.

After the last of them had filled my mouth, they zipped their pants up and pulled me to my feet.

"Put your panties back on, and come with us."

I slid the panties on and followed the three back into the bedroom. I heard a clinking sound. They pulled off my shirt and handcuffed my hands behind my back.

"You're not supposed to fuck me," I cried. "I'm not supposed to cum!"

"Shut the fuck up, you little queer," one said. "We know what we're doing."

In fact, these men did not make me cum or fuck me. But they tortured me so much I could only wish I was getting fucked.

They ran their big hands all over my body. They caressed my balls. They pinched my nipples. They licked my thighs. Someone squirted a whole tube of KY jelly up my rectum, and they laughed as some of it oozed out and made my bottom slick inside my panties. My cock was now pressing hard against the front of those panties. The tip had poked out above the waistband. I was panting with desire. My cock wanted to explode.

Even though Jim had warned me not to, I begged them to fuck me, but that only made them tease me more. Finally, one of them stuffed a ball gag in my mouth. I groaned into it, desperate for release, as they left me alone in the room. I heard the suite door close again. It was long after midnight. My parents would kill me when I got home. I would surely flunk that History test, but all I wanted was for Jim to finish me off with his magnificent cock.

Then I heard the door open. My heart lept up as I heard Jim come in, but someone was with him. I heard them fixing drinks. I heard a woman's voice. I recognized the giggle.

Jesus! My old girlfriend Wendy was here!

I was so ashamed. The last thing I wanted was for her to see me like this -- chained to a bed in panties and knee socks, my cock as hard as a rock, but those men had positioned me so I couldn't move, and try as I would, my hard cock just wouldn't get soft.

"So, Jim," I heard her say. "Where's the bedroom? I need you right now."

"I say when we fuck, bitch," I heard Jim say. "Any way, little girl, I have a couple of surprises for you. The first is in the bedroom."

The door opened. I tried to look away. She laughed and pointed at me.

"Oh My God, Jim," she said. "It's Billy!"

She walked up to me and peeled down my panties to expose my hard cock.

"God, Billy, why didn't you ever get that hard for me?" She let go of the waistband and let it slap painfully against the head of my cock.

Jim walked in behind her. 

"Because he likes being a girl," he said, "He likes wearing panties and knee socks, and he likes being fucked by men. That's why I call him Wendy."

He stood behind her and put his hands on her shoulders. I was reminded why she had appealed to me. Her tits were so big and round, filling that "Elle" tee-shirt she liked to wear. Her slim waist with the ring in her pierced belly. Her hip hugger jeans showing off her sweet round bottom.

"Billy here-- I mean Wendy-- is probably wondering how we met," Jim said, as he slid his hands over her belly and cradled her tits through her tee shirt.

She sighed and turned to face Jim. They kissed passionately, and he moved his hands to her ass.

"Remember your last swim meet?" she asked me. "Jim happened to sit next to me. We struck up a conversation and he whispered some really nasty things during your event. He told me he thought you were gay, the way your ass jiggled. He got me so wet and confused, I couldn't concentrate. I never met you afterwards, like we had planned, because Jim took me home-- only we didn't go straight home."

Jim laughed as his fingers cupped her pussy through her jeans.

"We stopped at a pet supply store and I paid my friend, the manager, to let us use the back room," he said. "I took her back there and stripped her naked and fucked her hard, the way little teenaged bitches need to be fucked. The door didn't even lock. Anybody could have found us back there. But she needed a good hard fucking, and I was just the man to give it to her."

By this point in the narrative, Jim had peeled Wendy free of everything but her bra and panties, and I felt a weird combinaion of horror, anger and excitement.

"Jim really knows how to fuck," she said. "You always asked permission, Billy. Jim never asks. He just takes what he wants." Then she laughed derisively, "But what am I saying? You know what it's like to get fucked by Jim."

With that, Jim yanked off her bra letting her tits swing free, erect nipples bobbing at me.

"I love teenage pussy," Jim said. With that he grabbed her panties and literally ripped them off her legs. Her sweet smoothly shaved pussy was glistening with wetness. I could smell it from the bed.

"Know what I like most about moments like this?" she asked me. "It is knowing that I'm about to get fucked by a big powerful man."

Jim quickly stripped naked. He looked like a bodybuilder, and at 5'1", Wendy looked tiny alongside him.

"I don't want to confuse the two of you," he said to me. "So you are Wendy, and I'll call her Elle-- after her tee shirt."

"Suck my cock, Elle," he said. She quickly dropped to her knees like she wanted to worship his massive cock with its big heavy balls.

Indeed Jim looked like a God as Wendy-- Elle-- sucked him. She was crouched down facing away from me, and I could see the tattooed star on her lower back.Her sweet ass was quivering as she slurped on Jim's huge dick.

My cock, meanwhile, was aching. I was desperate to cum. I squirmed around on the bed to see if I could rub it against something, but to no avail.

Jim picked up Elle as though she was a feather and dangled her over his uputurned, unprotected erection. She was panting and wriggling over him, her bald pussy actually dripping her juices on to the head of his cock. 

"Please, Jim," she gasped, "Please, please fuck my little pussy."

Holding her by her little round ass, Jim slowly lowered Elle onto his shaft. I heard her yelp like an animal as he entered her, the folds of her vagina reluctantly yelding to this intrusion. I watched his cock disappear into her as her wetness made a puddle on the floor below them. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his back. Holding her still, he arched his back and pumped himself in and out of her from a standing position, his biceps bulging. The speed picked up faster and faster until he was slamming against her with ruthless regularity. 

Her hard nipples grazed the hair on his chest and she gasped and writhed in ecstasy as he fucked her hard in that wicked freestanding way of his.

"Oh Daddy," she whispered, biting his ear a little. "Ohhhhhh.... Fuck me Daddy."

Jim's endurance was just amazing. He kept pumping his cock like a piston in and out of the young girl's pussy.

"Did he ever fuck you like this, little girl?" he asked, gesturing toward me with his head.

"Never!" she moaned. "You fuck me so much better than he ever did, Jim. You make me cum so much harder. You're the best!"

She gasped as Jim suddenly lifted her off his cock, wiggled a finger up her ass and dropped her down on the bed.

"Face him, Elle, and tell him yourself."

Elle, sweaty and musky from all that fucking, now faced me on her knees as Jim entered her pussy from behind. With one hand he grabbed her dark hair. With the other, he slapped her ass. I saw him stab her pussy from behind with that enormous dick of his. They both had betrayed my trust, but watching them fuck, who could blame them?

"God!" Elle screamed to me as she stared into my eyes. "Why couldn't you be more of a man? You never did me like this, you little asshole! I wasted way too much time with you."

Jim made Elle change positions two more times, each nastier than the last.

Finally, both of them exploded in orgasms. Elle cae first, screaming so loud I thought the neighbors would call security.

It was 2 a.m. I was still hard, horny, ashamed and desperate for an orgasm. But Jim was spent. And Elle was covered in a glaze of sweat. Jim's sperm was oozing from between her thighs, and her expression showed she was clearly satisfied.

"I have one more gift for you, Elle," Jim said, handing her a box from the nightstand.

She opened it to reveal a strap-on black cock.

"Oh God," she said. "What do you want me to do with this?"

"Well," said Jim. "I've fucked both of you. But you've never fucked this little bitch boy have you?"

With that, Jim pulled down my panties to expose my throbbing cock. 

"Get behind her, Elle," he said. "And finish Wendy off."

I was propped in front of her, my ass still shiny from all the lubricant. I know I was blushing as I awaited my ex-girlfriend's assault on my bottom.

That strap-on cock was 11 inches long and two inches in diameter. It felt excruciating going in. Elle grabbed my ass cheeks and began rocking against me.

"This is cool," she said. "I've always wanted to fuck a gay boy."

As usual, Jim was an excellent teacher. He showed Elle how to move against me so her cock would stimulate my prostate.

As she got more and more involved she leaned against me. I felt her nipples grazing my back as she fucked me.

"Cum little girl," she sneered into my ear as she slapped my ass. "Cum for me!"

With that, I groaned, and my untouched cock spewed semen all over the bedspread. She kept rocking for a few more minutes, just to make sure I was spent, then she pulled out of me with a great plop.

She jumped off the bed, obviously anxious to get away. I remained handcuffed as she got dressed and kissed Jim goodbye.

"See you tomorrow," he said to her. She smiled and left the suite.

As he dressed, Jim then told me that he wanted Elle all to himself.

Then he leaned over and grabbed me by the throat.

"You and I are finished," he said. "Don't contact me. And don't complain about me to the police, or those pictures will be all over the internet."

He uncuffed me and left. I remained naked on the bed. At least my erection was finally gone, and I didn't need to cum. As I got dressed to leave I thought back on the events of that night.

There was no doubt about it, I decided, I had been totally and utterly fucked.