 It smelled of mud and grass. Voices became clearer, but still felt dim and far from me. Blurry bright lights flooded my vision. I saw the silhouette of football players trying to aid me to my feet. I can hardly open my eyes. I precariously stand, held by two guys who walk me slowly to the lockers. Cannot recognize them, they seem enthusiastic, don't know why. Did I score or something?

They sit me on a bench outside a locker-room building, feeling less dizzy now. They seem satisfied with me sitting there, as if I didn't have a scratch. I was indeed less disoriented, but still, I didn't understand why they seem so confident Ill be fine.

They leave, I'm left alone to catch my breath.

I slowly open my eyes.

The football field is widely lit by the stadium lights. Clock reads 21:07, of a Thursday night in Dallas. Late practice seems to be over, no crowd, just players. They seem to walk to another building. I see a figure detach from the crowd, walking towards me.

"Good game son!" Grins the coach as he strolls closer.

"What a move man! That right there was NFL worthy! Got us scared son, what happened back there? You wanna get that head bump checked? Real few things can tremble a guy like you... but you did fall right to the ground, you alright?"

I nodded.

"Alright man, told the guys to leave you alone here, no glory talk about today for now... got the whole locker for you." He fatherly patted my shoulder, which felt different.

I wasn't following much of what was going on. "See you tomorrow." Said smiling, saluting me farewell.

I smiled back and nodded in approval, just followed the flow of the chat. 

"Good grief man, you got a strong handgrip. Later son." A final handshake and he walked away.

I breathe deeply the cool evening air; my chest seems to handle large amounts of it. I don't feel pain or nausea. I feel different, as if I now use a lot of space.

Did I hit my head really hard? What happened? I was just now doing an evening written exam. Blackout, then I awake here. My heartbeats resound slow and steady. I exhale profoundly and walk into the locker.

My shoes make clanking sound in the concrete floor. I look down.

Besides the shock of how far away the floor seems, my view is obscured by big protruding pectorals drenched under my shirt. I have to be at least 6'4 and heavily muscled. I sidestep due to the surprise, the noiseless concrete room echoes with my clanking footwear. Stepping back while getting a rear glimpse at my abs, I stumble across a small mirror on the wall.

I'm looking at Joshua Aaron.

The college star quarterback, fullfledged football stud with built prime american beef. The guy who's looks I've lusted since forever. A man I jerked and dreamed about. The small square mirror shows his face. I blink repeatedly, partly due to the trivial dizziness but mostly because I couldn't believe my eyes. My piercing deep blue eyes. I just stood there, in awe. Short light brown hair, my rugged handsome features, the anvil shaped jaw, the scruff. Breathing steadily but heavily, I clenched my jaw to remain silent, my skull responded by enhancing the strong angular traits, the big imposing good looks. A husky feel surrounded my looks, threatening and solemn, like a nordic god enlisted in the marines. Neat and tidy, yet rough and savage, the traits of a man with power.

I looked down again at myself. No big mirrors around, but I could tell what a sight I am now. My 260 pound musclebound frame, which felt hefty compared to my former body, was covered by loose clothes that still showed a lot of the specimen I am. Muddy and smelly, the simple black white-striped sweatpants clearly covered massive thighs that showed off no matter how baggy they looked. Over my chest, a grey long sleeve cotton shirt hugged with grass and sweaty stains the slabs of meat bulging around me. God it feels good. After-game good. I feel something across my back, cannot see it but its printed on the shirt. My lastname, AARON in big white bold letters arched across my back, as my fingers touch the different feel of the printed fabric, while my muscles fight for space as my arm explores it. Began to feel a cold breeze as my heat fades and my clothing soaks. My cock was pulsing under my pants. Ever throbbing as time passes and I settle more in this temple of a body.

A small yet evident red mark shows on my forehead. No pain, nothing as I touch it. I wasn't wearing a helmet, perhaps practice didn't demand it. No pads or any sort of gear, just this simple clothing had to cope with the tough sport of football today. Not that I needed it, it seems I could lift a tank. Josh is the kind of man that would chase someone and demolish walls if necessary. The guy was a heavyweight sportscar in the field, without the fear of scratching his goodlooks. Extremely masculine, a guy like Josh lacked mundane fears. Passionate about victory, he gave his monster body the stress to break bone and muscle every game, stress that could probably kill any average man on the spot. In my former body I would have died. I never met Josh, he was a nice guy but he wouldn't ever talk to me. I lusted his power and confidence, the idea that he underwent a life that would indeed kill me. Too foreign and dangerous to even talk to. Never noticing the gay lad desperately obsessed with him. 

Not anymore. Somehow, his perfect play was messed up during practice. He somehow hit his head precisely somewhere, which left his magnificent body asleep for a while in the game field. Finally, I somehow awoke, not a sign of Josh. Just me, a gay college nerd now inhabiting the body of the all-star beefy quarterback.

As I thought about this, I ran my big hands over my dirty shirt. Feeling how my boulder muscles stretched it, my nipples showing as it got cooler. My arms moved up and down my chest, below the big pectorals, to the sides and over the loose folds that still revealed the ridged abs. My cock was now eager with a rock hard on, pulsing warm precum. The clock reads 21:15. I was confused and eager, overwhelmed by the many feels. My hard on felt like none before, great lust of wholehearted anticipation, as if it had being waiting for such an experience for a very long time. While everything felt ever more familiar, me adjusting to my new imposing height, the muscles covering me and the overall power it gave, I knew it was my personal eager cock now dwelling inside Josh's tool. It is the dick of a small gay boy in spirit. Now framed by the epitome of masculinity and attractiveness.

A noise snatched off my ecstasy. 

Quick footsteps heard outside the building, from the backdoor. Stepping outside and leaving the field behind, I can quickly walk the mildly empty campus towards the sciences building. The vague noises get closer, as a small crowd flocks around the corner. 

An ambulance. Without getting too close, I understand what happens. 

"Gregory Walker, 21 years old, no apparent former condition... fell unconscious during econ exam, vital signs unstable... probable comatose state, concussion?" The busy paramedic mumbles as he secures the patient into the ambulance.

Another paramedic softly comments while taking notes and asking other questions.

"Signs of brain injury, collision induced... later rippling lesion from earlier? Improbable chemical reason, will discard in lab... sure he had some sort of head stress, maybe fell or something... but no signs anywhere... probably from earlier, yes?" The crowd dissipates quickly while rumoring about, as the ambulance closes its doors and departs down the street.

***

So Josh did get a serious head injury. Is he in some sort of coma? He has to, inside my body. What on Earth can get a man like Josh Aaron knocked out? Not that he can do much, they took him away... they took him while trapped in me... is he going to get better? Will we go back? What if... he dies... if my body dies with him... am I... is Gregory gone then? Am I?

I am Gregory. Small, wimpy kid who aspires to climb outside the pit of his past. I don't have many friends, or family. I struggled towards college as I struggled from orphanage to foster homes. Scholarships; saw a future at a prestigious Texan college. Hard to admit that nobody will miss me, I was on the road towards becoming someone. Now, I died on that road without getting anywhere... and took Josh with me... somehow. Should I feel guilt? For the world I just died. I was Gregory.

I am Joshua Aaron now. That is all there is.

It sounds horrible, but becoming him it's something I'd trade my life for. Somehow, I did. Abruptly woke into this very real fantasy. Standing outside the empty campus, I thought of the situation. My old life is gone. The old Josh is gone.

What am I now? I'm a nerdy gay lad inhabiting the body of an allstar college quarterback... and enjoying every breath of it. I got to hold it, keep calm and firm grasp of it. To the world Josh has not changed. At least, it's not ready for an altered Josh. Not yet.

My impressive shadow was cast on the walls of the sciences building as I walked to its entrance. It was almost emptied from the ambulance hype. Found the storage lockers by the room where the test was being held. Can't believe I was here time ago, doing a boring exam. Wasn't hard to open my combination lock to retrieve my backpack, but the size difference was staggering – the lock seemed so small now. I notice some people look at me while walking towards the exit. Before I would have been paranoid about it... but they looked at me because I'm Joshua now. And that is all there is.

Since I know nothing about Josh's life, it is only safe to return to my own dorm. My huge brawny legs take me quickly up the residence park stairs, towards my dorm. Fuck I'm powerful; I can't wait to explore myself once I'm completely alone. Can't wait to be alone. This has been a gay thing I've done since long ago. Not a fetish guy, but I'm mad about muscled guys being hot on their trade. Secretly, I bought jockstraps and apparel shirts for myself, to feel a bit like the jock I would never be. Now, I'm so insanely ripped even with this loose dirty practice clothing got my dick rock solid. I walk up the stairs, two steps at a time. I'm eager, my height, the weight, my size... I feel what a handsome beast I've suddenly become, overwhelming the aisles of the residence hall that seemed so wide before. Looking down, I slid the key, watching with anticipation the brawny fibers of my arm and the big pectorals move as I open the door. Finally alone, I go to my small bathroom and turn on the lights.

I creamed myself a bit. 

Standing before me, in the big bathroom wall mirror, was Joshua Aaron. The poor grey cotton shirt had to be XXL, still stretched and sweaty over my impossibly wide frame. Anchored to my rugged handsome face is my big neck, guarded by two arching traps that merge into my wide shoulders. Standing with an overall heroic posture, straight back and commanding looks... and I wasn't even trying. Nervously smiled, this was amazing. Big shadows framed my pectorals, showing round nipples under the fabric, while struggling the space against my wide lats. A big drenched musky stain covered my abs, revealing their summits under the cloth. The long sleeves hardly contained my arms complex. Solid muscular spherical muscle protruded from shoulder through forearm, through massive triceps that demanded loads of space. Biceps round and rocky complete the bulgy taper down my amazingly virile attractive form.

After minutes of contemplation, I check my whole side profile. What a man. Great handsome nose above a big manly jaw, a wide chest that stretch with bulging pectorals, with the ridged shoulders rippling by every move. Moving my big muscly arm beyond me and its buff nearside, I get a glimpse of my back. Two big major slabs of muscle taper down, a bumpy hind shows off with several shadows of valleys and mounds. And my lastname, printed in bold white over these hills and lost in part on the deep valley down my spine. I see my arm on its side; I see my chest on its side. I've never seen such a powerful human before, and my cock is eager with equal thrill.

Standing in front again, practically ripped the shirt as I took it off. Watching a glimpse of my bare torso, hardly containing my cum, I snake my powerful arm under my sweatpants and lower the waistband. My new tool emerged, twice as big as I'm used to, swollen with expectation. My gay cock now inhabited this 9 inch manhood, which I held with my big strong grip as I looked at my own shirtless image.

There I was, a gorgeous 6'4 and 260 pound muscular gay man, holding his dick with his mighty clutch. As I rode my new body, I saw the colossal muscles inflate with action and vascularity. Perfect abs under shelving pecs, tensing huge arms and bulging shoulders – I was growing inside him; into his height, into his bulk. My arms fought for space, my muscle compressed each other, my skin exuded manliness. I saw myself, my own reflection, the content of all my fantasies. And I came like never before. Jerked a silver stream over the bathroom cupboard and mirror. My whole body stepped back with pleasure, and hit the wall behind, as I collapsed in ecstasy. The whole dorm resounded as my body flops, as if a small quake happened as the god relieved himself in absolute pleasure. I stood there against the wall, gasping, touching the wall in two points due to my massive muscly back. My head moved back, swelling my neck. I saw myself from the rear of my closing eyes.

"Fuck... I'm Hot." I said in Joshua's voice... for the first time.

***

Fuck I'm Hot. It resounded on my mind. I've never heard his voice before, a deep masculine baritone speech. An authoritative but soothing sound, nothing like my former voice... I could tell how the cords were carved and tutored by testosterone. The energy of the recent orgasm was still there, I panted against the wall while slightly moaning to hear my vocals. As overwhelming as it already was, this newly found trait just added into the impossible attractiveness of what Joshua Aaron is... or was. 

I opened my eyes. There I was; a wide muscular torso with bulgy shoulders, a tense neck and arching heroic pose against the wall, while sturdy powerful arms frame the look, as they grasp my throbbing dick. My abs never lost definition; just enhance or condense their arrangement as I breathe. A mild brown stubble covers my pectorals, thin hairs of smooth unnoticeable texture... and a trail made alike, flowing between my rocky abs towards the flawless pelvic belt. Letting go of my calming cock leaves the wide open, tapered form and brawny arms look almost menacing. This guy is the perfect alpha male specimen. How Josh treated his looks until now... I can tell he had been ridiculously straight... to the point of not caring much of his insane handsome goodlooks. Somehow he still managed, probably unknowingly, with football and lifestyle, to develop into the hottest guy in existence. A testimony of how amazing his genes are. Now under new management, a gay boy lusting every edge of the looks, ready to not just enjoy the perfection, but to devotedly worship every inch of it.

The exhilarating events left me ignorant of the demands of this body. I was somewhat hungry, dirty and actually tired. Not exhausted in the way I was used to; I could sense it's a version of tiredness as experienced by huge football players. It is an aftergame feel, a pumped cockiness mixed with energized accomplishment, a wholesome sensation of manly action. He was in a football game and deployed most to earn glory, with a body up to the task, a feeling select few can experience. Feels good, aftergame good, intoxicating. I can't believe I'm actually feeling it. I'm living a dream, a fantasy. Never want to go back. I worship myself, my rock hard body. Shirtless and sweaty, brawny and dirty, I slowly go from slow touching to actual flexing. Never tried it before, never saw it so close. After a while, I catch myself in my own reflection and snap a powerful double bicep pose. Great mounds of strength, bulginess everywhere, intimidating power, a man tall and heavy... watching from the inside, feeling every thing. I could hear it stretch like leather, my back arch strong, heavy prime musclemass under my command. My cock pulsed again. In a quick move I almost tear apart my sweatpants, as both my powerful grip and incredibly broad thighs were too much for the already constrained fabric of the pants.

Naked. I breathed deeply, now inhabiting every fingertip and core of this musclebound sanctuary. I am Joshua Aaron, I know myself and seen completely, I've conquered and prevailed. By now, my height feels natural, my muscles still mouthwater me, but I'm accustomed. Completely naked, I am the master commander. I put my hand on my hips, along a relaxed imperative pose, while giving my reflection a sexy smirk.

"Hey handsome... I see you lift." Damn, that was good. "Oh man... You in the football team?" I laughed at myself, my dick got harder just to hear my own chest rebound with the hot sound.

"Yeah dude." I answer, getting swaggered "Star quarterback, like what you see?" I take one arm off my hips and flex a bicep. A bulgy sphere fights for space with the brawny forearms and shoulders. I bit my lower lip a bit, still watching myself.

"Fuck, you're handsome as fuck man... Can I get a closer look?" Strolling while playing with myself near the counter, I rest my powerful self on my arms and stare at my face.

Rugged, hot, handsome, dreamy, masculine, attractive, gorgeous... I got lost into my own features, further pulled into the blue of my oceanic eyes. My nice lips made a little smirk, while a tightened jaw enhanced the angularity of my skull. Slightly prominent ears, faultlessly sexy and symmetric frame my head. A noble nose, perfectly imperfect with unnoticeable scars evidence of a life of action. Expressive eyebrows of light brown color, under a nice angular forehead. Light brown hair with natural blond highlights, short in style while a bit messy, just further prompted the idea of manliness. And the auburn scruff, covering the anvil shaped jawbone. A jaw so manly and defined it gave license to the rest of the rugged goodlooks to remain, as a mast of masculinity.

I stared at the image. "Oh... fuuuck... I'm hot as hell." I whispered.

Just couldn't believe it, so close there, while touching my features, feeling the strong sculpted bones behind them. Maybe this guy is harder to tame... just a quick look and I lost myself completely. 

I stepped back, my cock was mid-erect. Hands on my hips, lowering them now, I checked my legs. Meaty masses of beef, a complex powerful system made for speed and supremacy on the field. Cables of rocky fibers rippled under the smooth skin, while the mild cover of thin brown hairs glistened about the bathroom light. Huge calves, as I saw them on my back, under a nice round muscular ass. My body had the perfect proportion of healthy lipid, present in the exact locations to enhance an insanely perfect shape, an epitome of human excellence. Big feet, several sizes bigger than my old ones, and very nice feet indeed. I stand while watching them, as the hills of muscle eclipse the sight as I rise to my full posture. Big calves, big quads, an army of rocky abs guarding above my erecting cock, big slabs of protruding pectorals, the close thin fur below my neck... the feet look far away now, I'm so tall. My hands ride this topography and secure once again an erection.

Pivoting swiftly I turn on the shower, as warm water quickly pours into the now really small space. I step in, my head touches the showerhead and the curtain doesn't close. I don't bother, I watch myself in the mirror, while it gets steadily foggy. I'm so big water doesn't even pour outside, it runs warm from head to toes, covering all my body, hugging and wetting all of Joshua Aaron. Curling ripples over my pectorals, rainy drops on my bulgy arms and shoulders, cleansing feeling as the quarterback takes the sweat from the field off his body. A brief washing turns erotic, as a rear sight of my huge body further hardens my manhood. I grab once again my gay cock and jerk it with my powerful arm, while my other hand massages my perfect ballsack.
