 Natalia woke up from an intense erotic dream pressing her right hand between her legs. She must have been touching herself while dreaming, but the feeling between her legs was like nothing she'd ever felt before. There was a great swelling there, as though she were expanding, throbbing, protruding out of herself. But how could that be possible? 

Not to mention she wasn't touching herself how she normally did. Instead of sliding her fingertips over her clit as she'd done so many times before, she now felt her hand gripping and squeezing something...something that felt like a large, erect, and throbbing —

"What the fuck?" she said aloud, but instead of her own feminine voice, she heard a low voice, a man's voice, and it was definitely coming out of her throat. 

She threw back the blankets and screamed in surprise as she looked downward to see a large, cotton-covered tent standing out of her underwear-clad crotch. 

For obvious reasons this sight immediately drew her attention, but there was so much else wrong with the scenario. For one thing, the underwear she was wearing - men's gray boxer briefs - were nothing like the tiny panties she'd gone to sleep in. And instead of her muscular, smoothly shaven legs she saw a pair of masculine legs covered in dark hair. She touched her torso, her waist, her chest where she was surprised to find no breasts to speak of. She was touching the body of a man. A nicely fit, slim, muscular man, but a man nonetheless. 

She tried to calm her mind so that she could figure out just what the hell was going on, but it was difficult to think clearly, filled as she was with so much desire - with this aching hard-on throbbing up out of her crotch. Unable to stop herself, she again squeezed the impressive cock, and felt a pleasure the likes of which she'd never before experienced. 

It was practically tearing through the fabric of her underwear, and she had an urge to throw her underwear off and start stroking the nearly uncomfortably erect thing right there. 

But with a valiant effort, she tried to put her lustful thoughts aside, jumping out of bed and taking a look around. The disorienting things were too many to count - where was she? And who was this cute, slender but muscular young man staring at her in the mirror with the nice abs and the prominent hard-on? 

She moved her right hand up to her hair, and saw the man move his hand up to the dark hair that hung down to his defined cheekbone. He was handsome in a delicate way, and he looked familiar to her somehow. She grabbed the waistband of her shorts and saw the man in the mirror make the same action. Then she readied herself and yanked them down. 

"Ah!" she heard her voice, now low and manly in her throat as she saw her long, erect cock spring out, feeling the strange vertigo of understanding somehow that this was her body, this lithe, male torso, this impossibly stiff cock sticking upwards over a patch of dark pubic hair, these balls hanging below...

"OK, OK, don't panic, just figure out where you are," she thought to herself. 

But as she slowed her breathing and became calmer, she began to feel her desire grow even more - almost completely clouding her mind. She needed to do something about it, and needed to do it now. 

And before she knew it, as though by instinct, she had spat in her hand and begun to stroke her new cock slowly savoring the feeling of her palm sliding down over the aching slab of flesh. It was a brand new feeling for her - to be able to wrap her fingers around her own long, hard cock, and enjoy the incredible sensation both from the outside (which she was very used to) but now also from within. She gave herself over to the same instinctual urge, which now caused her to stroke faster, concentrating on the underside of the head which felt incredible. 

She could hear her voice moaning now, low, involuntary, and opened her eyes to see her newfound self jacking off and, wow, did she look sexy. Her new face was handsome with clear skin, icy blue eyes, and sharply defined cheekbones and it looked so sweetly serious as she went about her task. The veins in her arms stood out as she jacked her cock, and the defined pec muscles bulged with each stroke. 

As she watched and appreciated this new body of hers, and the look of strained desire on this man's (her own?) face, all of a sudden, she felt an intensity like nothing she'd ever experienced, and the hot flesh in her hand swelled now even larger, even larger as she felt her balls tighten and...

"Oh, fuck!" she yelled out as she felt warmth radiating up through her groin and outward where she saw her cock begin to shoot out streams of thick, white sperm wildly, uncontrollably all over the mirror.

Geez, it was getting everywhere, but in her deeply horny state she didn't care at all — she just kept jacking it and jacking it, getting out every last drop until the convulsions that wracked her body had subsided and she fell back on the bed in a satiated stupor. 

Well, that was fun. And messy. She felt her mind come back to her, clearer now. And then the panic begin to rise again. Just what in the actual fuck was going on! 

She started to look around the room, searching for clues to her identity. The room was clean, ordered, and sparsely but tastefully decorated. Looking at the photos on the dresser, she saw a photo of her new self together with a good looking athletic guy who also looked familiar. That's it! She must have seen them around the gym. They were both pretty cute, though she preferred the friend - he was super hot. In fact as she looked at the photo she felt herself begin to harden again. 

This made her wonder about the sexual proclivities of this man she found herself somehow inhabiting. If she was now a man, why was she was still attracted to men and not women? 

Looking closely at the photo, she thought she could detect something about the way he was looking at his friend, something that might indicate a...stronger feeling than just friendship. 

Curious, she began to look through the room — opening drawers, rifling through the closet. Bingo! Under some old sweaters in a drawer in a closet was a dog-eared, well used magazine on the cover of which was a ripped, oiled up stud sporting a hefty, semi-erect schlong barely hidden by a pair of tiny black speedos. She flipped through the pages and saw hot guys in various states of undress performing sex acts on one another. 

One image caught her eye and she lingered on it - two hot, ripped guys, both nude, one blond and one with close cropped dark hair, making out with open mouths, each with his hand around the other's hard cock. She was practically drooling. 

Through the haze of her lust, she realized how strange this feeling was. For one thing, she'd never been that turned on by seeing photos of guys, but now she couldn't tear her eyes away. 

Also, though she loved men and had what she considered to be a very healthy sex life, she'd never found herself attracted to the idea of two men being together sexually - usually, if she was honest, it kind of grossed her out - but now she couldn't get enough of the idea. Not only had that aching, stretching, deliciously full feeling returned to her new package, but she also felt a throbbing from within her - a familiar feeling of wanting to be penetrated, but now somehow emanating from a different, deeper place. She felt herself blush as she realized what this could mean. 

Willfully pulling herself away, she realized that something about inhabiting this body must be influencing her sexual desires as well. Clearly she was taking on some of this man's (or his body's?) deepest sexual desires - namely, to be with men and, she realized with a deeper throb to her member, to be fucked by guys. 

"Ugh - OK - get yourself together, Natalia!" she thought. What was going on? She was a super sexual person, but this inability to stop obsessing over sex for even a moment was something she'd never experienced. She needed to stop this nonsense. 

With determination, she continued her search through the closet only finding more clothes. 

On the desk in the corner of the room she found a pair of pants draped over a chair, in whose pockets she found a wallet containing a driver's license with a cute photo of her new self, and the name "Nathan," along with a birthdate telling her she was 22 years old. She also saw his address, which was in a neighborhood she recognized.

She began to rummage through the desk, soon coming across a notebook which she quickly gleaned was Nathan's journal. Reading through it quickly, she learned a bit more about this young man. The picture painted by the entries was quite sad - here was a guy who was clearly smitten with his best friend, Jacob (and if that was the guy in the photo, who could blame him?) lovingly describing every part of him, and Nathan's deep obsession to be with him sexually, something that could never happen. 

And not only that, but he would barely admit even to himself that he liked guys even though it was plain as day. When he did admit his attraction to men, even the slightest bit, it was always accompanied by some phrase like, "No one can know," or, "Why can't I be normal?" 

She felt bad for Nathan. She had plenty of gay friends in town and knew that once they fully admitted that truth to themselves, their lives became so much happier (not to mention they started to have a LOT more sex). 

Nathan was so cute, she felt certain there would be a ton of guys who'd be into him if he were just open with himself. She wondered if there was anything she could do to help him along. And then, without meaning to, she felt her mind fall back to that cloudy, horny state that seemed to be this new body's default mode — filling with images of Jacob, shirtless and working out, muscles straining; and other gorgeous men, kissing, jacking each other off, and fucking, glistening with sweat. 

Well, it was clear that she had to do something for Nathan - it wasn't healthy to be this obsessed and not to do anything about it! And along the way she might be able to help him realize his true self. That's what she told herself, at least, though a part of her just wanted to take this new body for a joyride. She wasn't nearly as inhibited as it seemed Nathan was, and if she was going to be this incredibly, uncontrollably horny, she was going to do something about it. 

She knew that a ton of guys would be attracted to the sexy young specimen she now found herself to be. And, to be honest, she'd always felt a little jealous of how promiscuous it seemed gay guys had a license to be. She'd finally get to see how it felt to live in their world. 

But where would she go? As she dutifully cleaned up her cum from the mirror, she found herself thinking back to a conversation she'd had with a friend, a co-worker named Ted who was a fellow trainer at the gym. He was very hot (if he wasn't gay she would have bedded him ages ago), and seemed to have endless stories of going out to a bathhouse in town where, from the sound of it, nothing was off limits. 

She had always wondered about this place and what it must be like to have anonymous sex with the men there as it seemed Ted did on the regular. But of course at the time it would have been impossible for her to go - the place was for men only. Clearly that was no longer a problem and she felt certain the clientele would be quite happy to see Nathan. 

She went about getting ready with a delicious mix of anticipation and fear - showering and delighting in lathering up this new body with soap, trimming her body hair, and putting lotion all over her body, preparing herself for the men she hoped to satisfy. 

She didn't spend too much time on her outfit as she knew the spa where she was headed required full nudity — threw on some jeans and a t-shirt, grabbed her keys, and headed out quickly, not wanting to run into anyone on the way out. 

Getting into Nathan's compact car, she took stock of her surroundings, pulled out, and began the drive to the bath-house, a couple miles away. 

As she drove, she wondered again what had happened and how in the world she'd ever return to her normal self, but soon her thoughts drifted back to her mission and she began to think with a single minded focus only of what awaited her at the spa. 

She arrived and parked. From the outside it was nondescript - a single-story building in an industrial neighborhood surrounded by other semi-illicit establishments - a few porn shops, a couple strip clubs. She'd passed this place a million times and was excited to finally be going in. She locked the car, took a deep breath, and went inside. 

She strode purposely up to the counter where a cute guy about her age and build stood behind a cash-register. 

"How can I help you?" he asked. Natalia could feel his gaze traveling over her body with an open and very clear appreciation. 

"One please — for the spa," she said, still becoming used to her new voice. 

"First time?" the man behind the counter asked. She smiled, thinking that he had no idea in how many ways that was true. 

"Yeah," she said, "anything I should know?" 

The man behind the counter grinned lasciviously and turned to grab a bracelet with a key from a wall behind him. 

"I think you'll get the hang of it quickly - a guy like you should definitely have a lot of fun here." 

Again she felt the anticipation rise and her heart quicken. "What makes you say that?" she asked. The man grabbed her hand gently and slipped the stretchy rubber bracelet around her wrist without breaking his gaze.

"Just a feeling I have," he said, smiling. "You're just his type."

"Pardon me?" she said, thinking she must have heard wrong. 

"This key will unlock your locker. No clothing allowed in the spa," he said, patting her on the hand, "and that's all you'll need to know." 

Nathan quickly paid the entrance fee which was reasonable, and headed toward the door to the locker room. "Have fu-un," the guy at the counter said suggestively. She looked back to see that he was very openly checking out her snugly denimed ass. A little surprised (but no less pleased) she smiled and went in. 

As she entered, she felt a small thrill at entering a men's locker room for the first time, nervously finding her locker. She looked around, trying to get the lay of the land without letting her gaze linger anywhere for too long. Men of all shapes, sizes, colors were in various stages of undress - coming and going from a door that must have led to the saunas. Her gaze quickly alighted on a face here, a pendulous cock there, a well-conditioned chest, a beautifully toned ass. She went to her locker and hid her face, glad to have a moment to collect herself.

As she stripped, she realized that almost all of the men were watching her. And then she reminded herself of why they had come, and thought that maybe she didn't have to be so careful. As she clicked the locker closed and stood there, fully nude, she met the gaze of each of the men she passed and they looked right back at her - some smiling, some giving steely, sultry stares. She realized that whatever she, as Nathan, had, it was something that these men deeply desired - and they were not afraid to show it. The only trouble now was choosing the lucky guy who would be her first conquest.

With a thrill, she walked to the door of the sauna (still delighting in the feeling of her cock swaying back and forth) took a big breath, and opened it. 

As she entered the sauna, the heat swept over her fully naked body - a dry heat that made the sweat stand out on her new skin. It was dimly lit and full of steam so she couldn't see much of anything for a moment. Then, gradually, masculine bodies began to materialize out of the thick steam, leaning against the walls and sitting on benches in the long room that stretched back, like a corridor, shrouded in vapor. All of the men's cocks were in a state of arousal - some fully hard and standing straight up, others semi-erect and lazily interested in the proceedings. Everyone there looked openly at one another, appreciatively, and many directed those looks toward her. Horniness and male hormones permeated the air. She heard the sound of slick flesh moving along slick flesh, and the moans of men orgasming, or getting close to it. 

"Wow," she thought. "OK, I'm really here. I'm really doing this." She felt the now-familiar, lustful, cloudy, delicious feeling begin to take hold of her as she beheld the proceedings. Bodies emerged from the fog - shoulders, jawlines, muscular thighs - and she saw now that there were several men, handsome, fit and completely nude, standing around her, stroking their erect cocks as they looked toward the front of the room. 

She smelled sweat and chlorine, and a sharp unmistakable smell that made her nipples immediately harden - the musk of masculine arousal. The air was charged with a strong male energy that she hadn't experienced before, never having been around this many horny men at once. She continued to be pleased that many of them seemed acutely interested in her new body. She felt their lustful gazes feasting on her taut form as an almost physical sensation, and she luxuriated in the idea that she, in her new form, was the cause of their ridiculously swollen cocks. She realized, not without some self consciousness, that this was also causing her to become fully erect, her attraction to all these men now plain for all to see. 

She quickly decided she had nothing to hide here — in fact her throbbing cock seemed to be bringing her even more attention than before — and she definitely enjoyed the stares it attracted. 

"Who's the new guy," she heard a deep voice behind her say, and felt a strong hand gripping her bare ass which she reflexively, but playfully, swatted away. "Mmm, hard to get...I like it," said a beefy older man with silver hair, a barrel torso, and a fat hard-on.

She hesitated a moment but continued forward, not wanting to simply take the first opportunity that came by. Besides, she was curious about what everyone was looking at further in toward the back of the room. 

She couldn't help but take one glimpse back where she saw the man (wow, he really was handsome) gripping his cock, staring at her ass, and biting his lip. She gave him a playful smile and continued on. 

As she got further, the men were uniformly staring ahead, rapt, no longer interested in anything but what (or whom) lay ahead. Her curiosity was piqued.

Then from out of the haze at the end of the room, she began to see the form of a large man, fully nude, sitting upright on the bench, gazing out over the room. 

He was majestic with long, dark hair brushed back from his forehead. His skin was tan all over and he was brutally good looking - a strong jaw, wide neck, broad shoulders and chest - huge arms. Dark hair covered his brawn and a sheen of sweat made his muscles glisten in the dim light. It was no exaggeration to say that he was physically one of the most impressive men she'd ever seen. 

But as her gaze traveled down his exquisitely built torso, she was surprised to find the most incredible thing about him was the beast that rose out of his lap, glistening in the dim light of the sauna — an astonishing length of cock the likes of which she'd never seen. The glorious giant was impossibly erect, throbbing visibly atop two large, heavy hanging balls. 

Everything about him seemed to radiate masculinity, virility, and dominance. 

He sat with his hands on his muscular thighs, staring forward. As she admired his defined quads and the impressive size of his calves, she realized that she'd been standing there for some time in his thrall, devouring his body with her eyes. She looked down and saw that her cock was even harder than she'd yet experienced, finding it awkward to be showing this man such a visible sign of her powerful desire. 
