 All persons in this story are over 18 years old.

*****

"Hey, good match." The wrestler from the other team approached me in the shower.

"Thanks." I looked him over. He was thin, of course, all wrestlers are thin, but muscular. A little taller than me at nearly six foot, jet black hair and blue eyes.

"With some practice you could be really good," he said.

I went to look him in the eye, but he wasn't looking at my face. My heart sped up, he was looking over my body.

I turned to face him. "Thanks again, I'm still new."

I let him look me over and smiled. His gaze was making my cock and balls tingle. If I didn't stop thinking about him I'd be sporting wood in the shower which I'd never live down. If it was just the two of us I'd risk it, and offer to blow him for his silence. However there was one other guy in the shower. He was on the opposing team, but still. If any of my teammates came in and I had a hard-on I'd be off the team.

He took a step closer. "You've got the body to be real good." 

It was tough not to get hard but I had to take the invitation. I looked him over drinking in the sight of his naked body. I could take a good long look at his cock. It was at half mast.

"Yours is good too," I said while staring at his cock. When I looked up he was smiling.

"Maybe we could practice together sometime," he said. "The season is nearly over and we don't go up against each other again."

"I'd like that," I said. "It would get me ready for college."

He glanced at his teammate who was looking out the door. Then looked at me. I was half erect even as I tried not to be. He leaned in, put his hand on my shoulder and whispered, "We can practice at my house, no one on your team will find out."

"Thanks." I couldn't think of anything else to say.

After I got dressed he slipped me his number with his name 'Paul'. It was all I could think of on the ride home.

That night I had a raging hard-on. I could have quickly taken care of it, but I decided to slowly stroke it. The image of Paul's cock at half mast hovered before me, I thought of licking it, fondling it, making it grow big in my mouth.

My free hand moved under my balls, with my middle finger I started circling my anus. Thinking about letting Paul's cock in there. I pushed my finger in up to the first knuckle. I was so horny that I managed to get it in without lube. I thought about pushing it up farther, but I wanted to save it for Paul. If he'd let me suck his cock, I'd want him to finish in there. I didn't want to loosen my ass any.

The more I thought about him taking my virgin ass the hornier I got.

I blew my load thinking about it.

The next day I gave him a call. He gave me his address and I drove out to his place. About halfway out I realized I didn't bring shorts or sweats. If we were going to practice I should have brought them.

Getting to his house, I was disappointed that his buddy was there. Still I could use the practice.

"Hey you remember Sven." Paul said, "You mind if he joins?"

"Sure. No problem."

We went into the house and his mom greeted me. She was quite the MILF. Fake blonde, blue eyes and D-cups.

"Oh, this one is cute," she said to Paul.

"Yeah he is." Paul grinned. "He's got a great body... for wrestling."

They led me to the garage that had been converted into a practice area. They grabbed their shorts from the shelves. I had to say, "Oh, sorry I forgot my shorts."

"No problem." Paul grinned. "The Greeks always wrestled naked."

"Okay." I hoped I wasn't too eager.

They both smiled and started stripping, so I got naked with them. I had to slow myself down. I didn't want to seem to eager.

I couldn't help notice they were both at half mast, and I was hardening up as well. I could see how they were looking at my cock. I could feel the blood rushing to my face, I was blushing at the attention. It felt so good I would do anything for them.

"Let's get started." If we stared at each other naked for too long, I'd do something that would let them know how slutty I would be for them.

We practiced a few moves. I was distracted by having their naked bodies up against mine, but learning the new moves kept me from being hard.

"You want to try them?" I asked him. "We could wrestle a few rounds."

"Sure." He grinned. "You want to make it interesting?"

"I'd love to. What did you have in mind." I stared at his cock.

"The loser has to give the winner a handjob." He looked over my face and I tried not to smile too hard.

"Okay, I'm game."

We got in position and he quickly grabbed my leg pulling me down. He locked my leg, pulling it up and pinned me. His cock was right at my butt. If he wanted he could enter me and I wouldn't be able to stop him. Looking up at his eyes, I wasn't sure if I would want to stop him.

"Did you let me win?" he asked.

"No, but I owe you a hand job." I managed move a little to spread my legs apart and reached down and held his cock in my hand. It was quickly getting hard and pressing against my ass. I looked up at him as I stroked him.

He pushed a little but I was so tight it wouldn't go in.

"You should kiss me first, if you plan on doing that." I joked.

He leaned down and kissed me. It was strange the first time a guy kissed me. His tongue was forceful and I felt the stubble.

"Are you serious?" he whispered.

"If you want," I said. "But I'd love to have you in my mouth."

He gave me a quick kiss and rolled over on his back. I could only drink in the sight of him laying back with his cock growing in front of me. I crawled over and grabbed it again. This time I slowly stroked it and licked the tip.

"Oh yes," he said.

"Hey, don't I get some?" Sven asked.

I looked over to him, "After."

Sven smiled, "Oh yeah, you picked a winner."

I went back to concentrate on Paul's nice cock. It was fully erect now. Bigger than mine, about 8". I had to try and see if I could get it all in my mouth. It was no problem getting it to the back of my throat, but I still had the hand on the base.

"Don't worry, just take what you can." Paul said softly.

With that I moved back up and concentrated on running my lips on the shaft and flicking the head with my tongue.

"You like sucking cock?" Sven said.

I could only nod and mumble, "Um hum."

"Oh you got a real slut here." Sven said.

Paul said, "Be nice."

I didn't care, all I cared about was giving Paul the best blow job I could. I was really getting into it when I heard his mom's voice. "Lunch will be... Oh. That was quick."

Paul put his hand on the back of my head. "We'll be out when he finishes, Mom."

Since he didn't mind his mom walking in on him I didn't and kept sucking. I moved my hand to his hard balls and started to play with them and he shot a huge load in my mouth. I did my best to swallow as much as I could.

"Thanks," I said.

"No, thank you. You can do that anytime." Paul smiled at me. "But, we've got to have lunch. Mom's kind of strict about that."

We started getting dressed, "She doesn't mind you getting... um." I couldn't find the right words.

Both Paul and Sven laughed.

"Not at all." Paul finally said.

We got dressed and went into the dinning room. Paul's mom served us a large salad.

After a couple bites she looked at me and asked, "You like sucking my son's cock?"

I was shocked but managed to nod and say, "Yes, it's very nice."

"That's great. Have you two done it before, or is it your first time?"

"First time."

His mom laughed, "That's pretty quick, you always suck off people you've just met?"

"Mom!" Paul protested.

"I'm just trying to find out if he's a total slut. You should know these things before he starts regularly sucking your cock." She snapped at him.

"The way he sucks cock I wouldn't mind if he was." Paul shot back.

I was so embarrassed, but it also had my cock harder than ever. I had to say something. "Sorry Ma'am. I just couldn't resist, your son is so... so... hot."

"So what do you want to do with my son?"

I looked her in the eye. "Anything he wants."

"Do you take it up the ass?"

Paul said, "Mom."

She looked at him, "He said anything. That implies he'll take your cock up his ass."

"If he wants," I said.

"Have you taken many cocks up your ass?"

"No Ma'am, your son's would be the first up there."

She looked me in the eyes. "Prove it."

"Mom!" Paul said.

She turned to him and said, "He said he'd let you take his virginity. You have a right to know if he is really a virgin."

"Please Mom..."

She turned to me, "Are you ready to prove to me you have a virgin ass?"

"How would I do that?"

"Drop your pants and bend over."

I was nervous but I stood up and stripped down in front of this MILF. As embarrassing as it was I was fully erect.

She looked over my erect cock. "Nice. Paul has really picked a winner. Now turn around." She grabbed a bottle of olive oil and opened it.

I did as she said and bent over the table with my ass in the air. She grabbed my hip with one hand and slid her finger in my crack. I could feel she had put some olive oil on it. I was stiff as a board as she circled my asshole with her finger.

"You like that?" she asked.

"Yes Ma'am!" I loved it.

She put a little pressure on my tight hole. "The little slut is tight."

"I'm trying to let you in ma'am."

"You should hope so... Because I will be in your hole." She put more pressure on my hole.

Paul said, "Mom, be nice."

"It's okay-" Whatever I was about to say flew from my head as the finger slid up me. "Oh, I more than okay."

Paul's mom said, "He's tight alright." She wiggled her finger around. "Check to see if he's liking this."

I felt Paul's soft hand wrap around my stiff cock.

"Yeah, he seems to like it."

I was in bliss, Paul was stroking my cock while his mom worked her finger in my tight hole.

"I think he's tight enough for you, Paul." His mom kept her finger in me.

"I'm... I'm glad you approve." She was really working her finger. Paul's stroking me had me totally stiff.

"Are you willing to be a good slut for my boy?" She pushed her finger up further.

"He's great, mom. His cock feels real nice." Paul said.

"I'm willing to be his slut." I said.

"Is he hard?"

"Yes mom." Paul stroked harder.

"A slut who stays hard with a finger in his ass. You know how to pick them." Paul's mom said, "Maybe he needs a reward."

Paul got on his knees in front of me and took my cock in his mouth. I thought I would cum right away. I held off so I could enjoy his mouth, before his cock would go up me.

I thought I couldn't hold off any longer when a voice at the front door said, "Well this is a sight."

I turned to see an older man in the doorway. Paul took his mouth off my cock and said, "Hi, dad."