 This is my first story and it is all completely true so I hope you all enjoy it. I've been wanting to write it all down for a while now and there aren't many people I can tell these kinds of things to and it definitely deserves to be told. 

This took place a few years back and definitely changed the way I looked at things, especially sex.

I had just gotten a new job, moved to a new city and of course a new apartment. I didn't know anyone here and one day shortly after moving in I was in the basement laundry room and ended up getting into a conversation with a guy who was getting his laundry out of the dryer and folding it up as we spoke.

At the time I was 29 and straight. One of the reasons a fresh start in a new city was so appealing to me was that I had recently broken up with my fiancee at the time. I was, and still am in pretty good shape, but not overly muscular. I have more of a runner's build with a bit of muscle, dark hair and blue eyes.

Anyway, I was explaining my situation to this guy and that I really didn't know anyone in town. He said he knew the feeling as he had moved here about 5 years ago when he was 31 and didn't know anyone when he moved here either. I told him I was surprised that he was 36 because he looked much younger. He actually had a similar build as mine but he was a bit shorter, with a trimmed beard and slightly longish curly hair. He introduced himself as Michael and asked which apartment was mine. I told him and it turned out his was actually right across the hall from me. He asked me what my plans were for the afternoon and when I told him I had none, he invited me over for a beer.

After I had collected my clean laundry and dropped it off at my apartment, I went over to Michael's apartment. He gave me a tour of his place and though the basic layout was similar to mine but opposite, he had a lot of very striking paintings and even a couple unusual sculptures. I asked him if he did them but he said no, they were almost all done by friends of his. Most of friends were artists and musicians and more of the non-mainstream variety. I could relate because where I had lived before, I ran in similar circles. 

We had a few beers, smoked a little weed, listened to music and talked for several hours. The conversation just sparked naturally and I had the best discussion I had had with someone in a very long time. It was obvious we were going to be fast friends. We fell into a regular pattern of hanging out together several nights a week, either watching movies or tv shows, since we had very similar tastes. We also liked a lot of the same kinds of music and even went out to some live shows a few times.

As great as this was all going, I still hadn't met any women that I really clicked with. I had gone out on a few dates but nothing really came of them. Well one night when Michael was at work, I was sitting home alone, having a few too many beers and feeling horny. I mentally did the math and realized I hadn't cum in well over a week which was very unusual for me, but no wonder I was so horny. This was back when Craigslist personals were still a thing, so I grabbed my iPad and started browsing. I knew the chances were slim but I figured what the hell. Anyway, in my drunken clumsiness I had accidentally clicked on m4m but didn't realize it at first. I went back a few days and clicked on an ad that was offering every man's dream: a no strings blowjob.

The picture showed someone nude laying on their stomach and it was taken kind of over the shoulder so it just barely showed the edge of the hair and then the back and ass. It was actually a pretty nice ass. That's what got my attention first. But then something familiar in the background caught my eye. As my brain struggled to place the shapes and colors on the wall, it suddenly hit me like a ton of bricks. This was one of the paintings on Michael's wall. So this meant this was Michael's ass. And he was offering a free blowjob? What?

It was then that I went to read the fairly lengthy ad (in Craigslist norms anyway). It explained that he was straight but had given a friend of his a few blowjobs when he was much younger and that he really wanted to do it again. Although he had tried to suppress these urges, they just kept getting stronger and at this point it was practically a compulsion. He wasn't going to blow just anyone, he wanted to make sure of a few things first. He didn't want someone that fucked everyone on Craigslist and probably didn't even want to blow a gay guy. He wanted someone that would just use his mouth and go, no talking, no reciprocation. No muss, no fuss. In fact, he didn't even want to see the guy as he really wasn't attracted to men at all. He just wanted, no, needed a hard cock to suck. 

Well you could have knocked me over with a feather after finding all this out. I admit I find myself fascinated with the secrets that people keep and this development had me extremely intrigued. I had to know more so I created an anonymous email account and answered the ad, just so I could ask him questions and get more of a sense of what was going through his head.

I said that I was in my early 30s and recently divorced and had never done anything with a man before but I really needed some relief and my hand just wasn't cutting it. Ok now just wait.

A little while later I heard Michael's door so I knew he was home now. The suspense was killing me. Sure enough, after a few minutes I got a reply. He said he was definitely interested and wanted to know more. Of course he wanted a dick pic. I replied quickly with one and he answered almost immediately, saying it looked delicious. The next thing he was concerned about was that he wanted to make sure I wasn't anyone he knew. (Oh the irony). I went on facebook, found a face pic of an old college friend wearing sunglasses, renamed it, and send it to him. I told him I needed to be discreet but here is a pic of me in sunglasses and that I hoped that would be sufficient. He said he understood about the need for discretion and that he was put at ease that I was no one he knew. 

I really wanted him to explain his thought process on this so over the course of the next hour he explained that when he was younger he had been talked into sucking off a friend of his. Although he hadn't exactly been forced to do it, he had been highly coerced. Although he couldn't admit to himself at first that down deep he had enjoyed doing it, he couldn't stop thinking about it. He had tried to put it out of his mind, but lately he had been having very vivid dreams about sucking big hard cocks and the urge was getting too powerful to resist. He was very worried about catching something though and was hoping to find one guy that he could do this with on a regular basis, even hinting that things could go further if everything worked out. He didn't want to know anything about me except that I had a hard cock and was disease free. He didn't want to know my name or my profession or anything like that. He said he didn't want to recognize me if he passed me on the street. 

Now we started to get down to logistics. He said he didn't really want to see me but at the same time he did want to see my cock, so he decided against a dark room encounter. That also ruled out wearing a blindfold. Finally we came up with the idea that he would go to bed and leave the door unlocked with a ski mask and robe by the front door.

Wait, what am I even doing? I only answered the ad because I have a fascination with learning about peoples' hidden secret sides, I wasn't actually going through with this. It was then that I realized that I had a raging hardon and I was actually getting very turned on thinking about all this. Naw, this is too fucked up. I have to stop this before it goes any further. I turned off the iPad and put it away, took a cold shower and went to bed.

I couldn't sleep though as my mind was still spinning. I laid in bed, with a throbbing hard cock, tossing and turning. Finally I got up and checked my email. Michael had sent several more messages, wondering where I had gone and asking if he had said something wrong. I immediately felt guilty then because I genuinely liked Michael and here I had gone and played with his hopes and then ghosted him. I wrote back that no he had not said anything wrong. I was just wrestling with this as I had never done anything like this before. 

He must have been up waiting because he immediately wrote back. He was relieved and hoped that this could still happen as I was really the only person who actually fit what he was looking for. Everyone else had either been a Craigslist whore or just wanted to come over after one email or stopped replying. He said I was the only one who had gone to the trouble to have a reasonable back and forth exchange. 

I started debating in my mind, could I actually do this? On the one hand, my friend really wanted a hard cock to suck and worship. I could easily supply this so who was I to deny him that? It's a win-win situation right? But could I really secretly fuck my best friend's mouth and then act like nothing happened the next day? I mean that's really fucked up. Then I remembered that Michael had said he wanted to be treated like an object, like his mouth was a fleshlight. I thought about how good a wet hot mouth would feel and I relented. I told him he was welcome to suck me off if he wanted.

Michael wrote back right away, thanking me and said that I wouldn't regret it. He promised me the best blowjob of my life. He asked if I could come over now. I inquired about his location (as if I didn't already know) and when he replied I lied and said I was across town but I could be there in 30 minutes.

He promised to swallow every drop of cum that I gave him. I told him I hadn't cum in a week so there will be a lot of it. I imagined him reading my email and licking his lips in anticipation and felt my precum start to leak through my boxer briefs. He gave me the address and I said I would be there.

My heart was pounding now. Half an hour gave me enough time to slam another beer and get my nerve up to do this. I couldn't back out now. It was like I was on this inevitable track now that I couldn't get off that wouldn't stop now until I was unloading a week's worth of cum down my best friend's throat. I could almost feel the sexual energy pulsating from across the hall, drawing me closer with every minute. 

Finally it was time. I quietly left my apartment, making sure that my door didn't make any noise that would alert Michael that it was actually me. I crossed the hall and cautiously opened his door. The lights were off except for a nightlight near the door, and sure enough there was the robe and ski mask. I looked up at Michael's bedroom door, half expecting to get caught but he appeared to keep his word and was probably waiting for me naked in his bed. His main bedroom light was off as well but there was a dim soft glow emanating from a nightlight.

As I slipped out of my clothing and into the robe, my heart felt like it was in my throat. My face was pulsing as I pulled the ski mask down past my chin. Ok this was it. I walked to his bedroom, my rock hard cock sticking out through the robe, leading the way.

I entered his room and he was laying in bed, naked, rock hard and obviously nervous as hell. He saw my cock and involuntarily inhaled a sharp gasp. Damn he really wanted this. Well so did I. This morning I didn't know that I did, but now it felt like the most important thing in the world.

He sat up and scooted to the edge of the bed as I moved towards him. With a shaking hand, he reached up and gingerly took my throbbing cock in his hand. Now it was my turn to gasp. I couldn't believe I was actually doing this and I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life. His fingers ran down my shaft, taking in every vein and ridge. When he reached the base, he slipped his hand under my balls and cupped them as if they were precious. He pulled me gently towards him further and I let him, my cock now inches from his face. He took my shaft and rubbed it across his lips, looking up at me seductively. 

My mouth was dry but I didn't dare clear my throat for fear he would figure out it was me. He took my cock and slapped it a couple times on one cheek and then the other. Then he rubbed it all over his face and buried his face in my crotch, inhaling deeply. Something was taking over him, something I've heard referred to as "cock-drunk" but I'd never seen any of my girlfriends like this. Never had I felt so important in my life, so needed. Right now in this moment, Michael acted as if my cock and balls were an ancient sacred mystery he was rediscovering. 

He moved his face down to my balls and started out kissing them lightly, then licking them and finally taking them in his mouth, first one and then the other, as his fingers continued to dance over my cock, settling at the tip and rubbing a little circle in the precum just under the head. I was just realizing how profound this was going to be. This wasn't just going to be some quick blowjob, to Michael this was a hallowed act of worship and every scent, every taste was to be savored. 

My precum was really flowing now and his tongue left my balls to trace up my shaft to the head, flicking the sensitive area just under the head and dabbing into my piss slit. I fought back the urge to say "Oh God" as I bit my lip looked down just in time to see my best friend's mouth envelope the head of my cock as his eyes met mine. He moaned as if he were the one receiving pleasure instead of me. His wet mouth began to slide down the shaft and I was breathless as I felt my cock completely engulfed in his mouth, more than any woman had ever done. To be honest, most of the women I had been with treated giving head more like a duty. Some had been more happy to perform this duty than others, but it was a duty nonetheless. No one had ever loved my cock like this before. And to think he had only done it a few times many years ago. This guy was a fucking prodigy and this was his art.

He was beginning to slide up and down in a rhythm now and I was starting to get over the initial strangeness of the whole situation. I started meeting his mouth with gentle thrusts as he cradled my balls in one hand. I reached up with both hands and started running my hands through his curly hair, very gently urging him on. Just as we were starting to go faster, he sensed my building excitement and changed tactics. He pulled off and started licking me up and down the length of the side of my cock, then returning to the head and lapping up my precum as if were a delicious elixir. 

Michael was truly amazing at how well he was able to intuit when he was doing something I loved. No words were spoken but this was so profound it was beyond words. He played my cock like he was a virtuoso playing an instrument. He expertly brought me the edge more than once, then switched his rhythm and started over. He was going to make this last as long as he could. I was in a place beyond time and space anyway. I couldn't tell if I had been there for five minutes or fifty-five and I could tell he was in the same mindset.

Finally we shared an unspoken understanding that this was the final round. I was going to give him everything I had. He ran his hands up the backs of my legs, grabbing my ass and pulling me into his impossibly hungry mouth. He scooted forward a bit in anticipation and I could feel the hotness of his erection as he pressed it against my leg. This somehow completed a circuit of energy and every time it rubbed against my leg it felt like a live electrical wire giving off sparks. He was making the sexiest little moans with his mouth full of my cock and I ran my fingers through his hair again, this time grabbing his hair in my clenched hands and fucking his face just like he had fantasized about. His moans were rising in tone and as my legs started to shake he could tell my climax was imminent. I pulled him towards me and held his head in place as my cock flexed and pulsed in his mouth and I finally couldn't hold back any longer. 

With a loud whispered "YES" my cock began to spurt and his moans reached a fever pitch. I must have shot at least seven or eight full sized ropes of cum into his waiting mouth and as I did, I felt his own cock against my leg as it spontaneously twitched and erupted, completely untouched by anything except for my leg. I heard him hungrily gulping down my load as fast as he could, and he held me in his mouth as long as he could, coaxing out the last few drops.

The whole thing was so intense I honestly thought for a second I was going to black out but I fought off the feeling as I steadied my hands on his shoulders and thankfully it passed after a few seconds. I think we were both a bit dazed at this point but I knew I needed to get home and collapse. I knew I couldn't say anything but I tousled his hair in a gesture of thanks and ran my thumb along his bottom lip. He immediately took my thumb between his lips for a second and I turned and left. I don't even remember putting my own clothes back on and going back to my apartment as my mind was still a million miles away. 

I decided on having another beer and trying to make sense of the whole thing. I guess I had been sitting there about ten minutes in silence when there was a soft knock at the door. I looked through the peephole. Oh shit. It was Michael. 

Nervously, I opened the door and tried my best to look normal. "Hey, what are you doing? I saw your light was on under your door. I can't sleep and I was wondering if you would smoke me up."

"Sure, come in, that's cool" I tried my best to act normal. "Do you want a beer?" "Sure"

As I handed it to him, I couldn't help but wonder if he could still taste my cum in his mouth. Flashes of the nights events kept flashing through my head as I looked at him and tried my best to carry on a reasonably normal conversation. 

"Are you ok?" he asked, as I was obviously distracted. 

"Yeah, just kind of spaced out I guess. Weird mood".

"I can relate. I'm in a really weird mood myself. Spaced out but also pretty wired. I just really needed a couple hits to ground out."

As I passed him the pipe, our fingers touched and there was still a bit of a spark. Our eyes met and I couldn't help but see my cock in his mouth. 

After we finished the bowl I told him I was going to have to get to bed but he could take the rest of the beer home with him. He said that's cool and that he really appreciated that we had the kind of friendship where he could knock on my door at three in the morning.

He gave me a big hug and I returned it, absent-mindedly tousling his hair as I did so.

Looking me in the eyes he said "Thank you".

"Anything for you buddy"