 "That will be fifty dollars even, Mr. Stevens," said the cable man. His name was Jack and he was tall and built and tanned all over. His raven's-black hair was combed back and his blue eyes looked me over.

I'm not bad looking either. I'm in good shape and have short brown hair and eyes. 

Looking through my walled, I realized I didn't have any money on me or in the house and my wife had the checkbook with her. "I'm sorry, Jack. I don't seem to have the money with me and my wife has the checkbook."

Jack shrugged. "I can't help that, Mr. Stevens. I need to be paid either way and it's either pay me with money or with something else," he said, his eyes looking me over hungrily again.

My eyes widened as I thought about what he said. "What do you mean?"

"Let me show you," he growled, grabbing my arm and twisting it behind my back. He then bent me over the back of my black leather couch.

He unhooked my pants and pulled them down, revealing my wife's G-string underwear I like to wear so much. "Nice underwear, slut. Your wife know you wear her panties?" He laughed as he ripped them off me, giving me crotch burn as he did.

"Noooo... Please don't fuck my ass. It's never been fucked before."

He slapped my ass hard, laughing. "Well than, I guess I'm going to be the one to pop your ass-cherry, won't I?"

He spit on his middle finger and shoved it up my ass. I felt like someone shoved a live wire up my ass. My body stiffened as did my cock. I bowed my head and groaned. I couldn't believe I liked having my ass violated by his thick finger. He stroked my cock as he reamed my ass with his finger. When he added a second finger, I gasped and tried to pull away. He pinned me in the small of my back and reamed my ass even faster.

He spit on the palm of his hand and rubbed it over his cock. I looked back at his cock; it had to be at least eight inches long and three inches thick. My ass was about to be split in two and I was powerless to stop it. Worse yet was that I didn't want to stop it. I was curious, scared and horny all at the same time.

"Here it comes, slut. You're my bitch now. So get ready to scream."

He shoved his hard cock up my tight little ass in one painful motion. The pain was unbearable; I almost passed out.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Fuck! Stop! Take it out! Please! It's too big!"

He just laughed and pulled almost completely out and shoved it back in again. 

"Fuck! It burns! No more, please!" I begged, acting like the little bitch and feeling like one while being skewered by this man's bitch tamer of a cock. 

But he didn't listen. He pumped harder and pulled my head by my hair. His balls slapped against my ass. It felt like his cock was going to pop out of my stomach it was so long. He pushed my head down and I just laid there, bent over the back of the couch like a little bitch, taking his cock like the whore I was. I was ashamed because I liked it. Hell, I needed it.

I gave in and begged him to ream his bitch harder. "Yes, Jack. Fuck my tight little ass. Split me in two like the slut I am. Make me your bitch."

He slammed my ass harder and laughed. "All you bitches are alike. At first you don't want your ass fucked and then you beg for it. But that's alright. I was the same way when your wife fucked my ass the first time with her monstrous strap on. I screamed and begged her to stop until I grew to like it. Than I begged her for me. She broke me, broke my spirit. She made me her bitch. Now I've made you mine just like she told me to do. Of course, in the end, you belong and answer to her."

"My wife? What are you talking about?"

He laughed. "Oh, your wife's a closet freak.

She loves fucking men up the ass. And she's going to do yours tonight with her twelve inch long and four inch thick strap on. That's why she wanted me to fuck you first. She wanted me to loosen that virgin ass of yours for her cock." He slapped my ass hard again. "But don't worry. You'll like it. You'll beg to be her bitch and for her to brand you like an animal. Just like she did to me.

"Fuck, just thinking about it makes me want to cum. Fuck! I can't hold it back."

He came alright. He plunged his cock deep into my ass as far as he could and held it there. He grunted a few times and I soon felt wads of hot cum scalding the inside of my ass. His cum marked my ass; it branded me as his bitch. 

His cock hit my prostrate and made me shoot off like a cannon. Thick ropes of cum splattered the back of the leather couch as I screamed in ecstasy.

Jack leaned over, laying his chest on my back for a while. After finally catching our breaths, Jack pulled his cock out of my ass. I started to straighten up but he held me down and leaned close to my ear. "Your wife wants to find you like this when she comes home. So I suggest you obey her command. Believe me, she can be nasty when she doesn't get her way."

He got up and got dressed. "Have fun tonight, bitch. You think your ass hurts now, just wait 'till later." He laughed as he closed the door behind him.

I just laid across the back of the couch like a good little bitch and waited for my wife to get home and sodomize me. The scary part is, I was looking forward to it.

Vote For Me, Please! Thank You!