 This is about my 2nd time with Ben.

So after the first time we hooked up I just sucked his dick and then we hung out for a little while and I left to go home and jerk off. We kept texting for a few days. We were texting all morning a few days later when this happened:

Ben: I had fun last time I feel bad you didn't cum though!

Me: lol it's fine I like sucking dick.

Ben: want to come over today?

Me: maybe tonight sure

Ben: ugh I have to wait until tonight to see that ass again huh

*i sent him a pic of my ass, bent over in the mirror*

Ben: 😍😍 I want to stick my tongue inside you

Me: jerk off thinking about my ass... you can last longer this time lol

Ben: haha yea I couldn't help it lol your ass is too much dude

Me: ok well I'll come over at like 7 again is that ok

Ben: whenever I'm home all day

So around 6 I started getting ready and headed over. Same as last time I felt a little nervous heading in but as soon as Ben opened the door he smiled and pulled me inside, sticking his tongue in my mouth. I kissed him back as his hands traveled down to my butt. He groped my for a little while while we made out and I squeezed his dick through his shorts. We made our way over to the couch and he pushed me down to the couch roughly. I looked up at him with my hand on his pants still rubbing his cock through his thin basketball shorts. He smiled and pulled them down, his cock sticking out almost fully hard already.

"Kiss it."

I leaned forward and kissed the tip of his dick with my wet lips and licked softly, letting it slide in my mouth little by little until I was sucking on the head, softly jerking the rest of his dick with my hand. He was moaning under his breath and pushing forward to get deeper in my mouth. He kept slowly fucking my mouth and all I could hear were wet blowjob sucking noises and his little sighs and moans. He had his hand running through my hair as he muttered under his breath.

"Oh yeah suck my cock... yeah take it deeper. Use your tongue on my dick. Fuck yeah."

I kept blowing him really softly and he seemed to like that, until without warning he grabbed the back of my head and pushed it as far as he could into the back of my throat. I gagged a little and he backed off, starting to fuck deep in my mouth. I leaned back on the couch and he kneeled over me, face fucking me and talking dirty.

"Yeah... take this cock. Your mouth feels so fuckin hot. God damn. You're so fucking sexy. Deepthroat my dick."

I grabbed his hips to steady my mouth while he rocketed his cock in and out of my throat. I kept gagging and his cock got harder. He started grunting faster and I thought he was going to blow his load in my mouth again, so I started sucking his cock hard, wrapping my lips around it and moaning to get him to shoot his load. I put one hand under his nuts and grazed his ass with my finger. He gasped and bottomed out in my throat, gagging me again. He held it for a second then came out all the way to let me breathe. 

I was coughing a little and then without even undoing my pants he yanked them down and bent me over his couch, sticking his tongue up my ass. I was so shocked I flinched, but he pulled my ass apart and kept tongue fucking me. My dick was hard as fuck from the face fucking and as he licked my ass he started sucking my balls and jerking me off. I was moaning and grunting trying not to come quick from his mouth licking my hole. He slapped my butt and squeezed it, spreading my ass and shaking it. He came off my ass and pushed my head into the pillow.

"Don't move. Stay there."

He got up and left the room. I stayed there breathing hard with my head in the couch, stroking my cock, wet from his saliva. I heard him come back and he pulled my hips back from the couch, and slid a flesh light over my dick, pushing it between the couch cushions so I could fuck it while he ate my ass. Gotta give him points for creativity.

He grabbed my hair and started eating my ass again.

"Shake your ass for me boy. Start fucking that pussy too, I want your ass to clench up while I eat it."

I kept fucking the sex toy and shaking my butt in his face as he ate my ass. He kept pulling hard on my hair, arching my head up so he could hear me moan. He kept that up for awhile and I was getting close to cumming.

"Ben, I'm about to c-cum inside this fffucking thing."

He pulled his head away from my hole. "Can't have you shooting your load yet. I still need to feel your ass grip my cock."

After that, he pulled me back and made me sit on the couch. He stripped completely of his clothes and ripped mine off, leaving my completely naked and exposed. I was still sitting with my back on the couch when he pulled my legs over his shoulders and started pushing his cock against my hole. I reached out to stop him but he slapped my hand away and pushed it in. I groaned from the pain/pleasure combo and he leaned forward, pinning me to the couch and holding me so he could use my ass.

"Oh holy fuck. Your ass is tighter than I thought. I'm going to ruin this hole. You're going to beg for my cock boy."

I groaned and he pulled himself close to me, starting to pump in and out of me. He leaned into my ear and started to whisper dirty stuff, licking my neck and fingering my mouth. His dick slid in an out of me slowly but with a lot of force behind each one. 

"I'm going to use this ass for my fucking pleasure. Your tight ass is going to milk my load and I'm going to feed it to you. Your slutty little body is gonna be covered in my jizz when I'm done using it."

My cock was rock hard and he kept talking dirty, holding me down and using my hole. He started to speed up, grunting more and talking less. I kept moaning in his ear too, and he was licking my nipples and sticking his tongue in my mouth, sucking my lips and calling me a slut. I felt like I was about to cum again.

"I'm a-about to c-cummm againnnn... Daddy..."

"Oh you fucking slut. You're gonna cum?"

"Yes Daddy!"

"You're gonna get my load first slut. You're gonna get my full fucking load."

He started pumping really fast and grunting really loud.

"Oh fuck yeah. You nasty slut you're gonna take it. Holy shit. Oh fuck! I'm cumming! Fuck take my load!"

He pulled out and got up on top of my, pushing his dick back in my mouth and groaning as he jerked off. I started sucking and licking the tip of his dick as he mouth fucked me.

"Fuuuuuuck!!"

He pulled out just as he burst, shooting his jizz all over my open mouth and face. He kept jerking and stroking his cock, slapping it on my cheeks.

"Yeah you little slut. God dammit. You like that cum boy? Huh?"

He pushed his cock back in my mouth and I moaned "mhmmm" as I sucked it and cleaned the remaining cum from his cock and balls. He let me suck it until his cum was gone and his dick got soft.

Then he got down on his knees in front of me and pinned my legs up again. He stuck his tongue in my ass and licked all over my balls and still hard dick. Ben pulled the flesh light from the couch and started fucking my cock with it, licking my ass and balls. I started thrusting the flesh light over and over finally emptying my nut inside it. When it was all over he got me a towel for my face and then we made out naked and he finger fucked my ass while he licked my nipples and I sucked his dick. Once we came down from the orgasm high We stopped doing that and then cuddled in the dark room on his couch. I stroked his dick while he laid back and played with my hair.

After maybe 20min he got hard again, and he pulled my still wet ass on top of him and made me ride his dick slowly while we made out. He kept biting my lips and squeezing my butt while he shoved his dick in and out of me and I grinded my ass on his cock. His lips were really soft and his cock felt good going in and out. He kept talking dirty but really softly this time, kind of whispering.

"Yeah baby, ride my dick. Your ass is so sexy. You make me so hard... Shake your ass while you grind for me."

I shook my ass a little while I rode him, my cock perking up again.

"Fuck yeah, let me suck on your lips."

I leaned in and let him suck on my lips and kiss me, his tongue sliding in and out of my mouth while his hands groped my big butt.

I don't know how long we fucked before he finally pulled my head down to kiss his neck while he started fucking faster.

"Oh yeah babe. I'm gonna cum inside you okay?"

I mumbled "mhm" and kept kissing his neck.

"Yeah... fuck yeah. I'm gonna come inside you... I'm gonna shoot inside you. Oh god you feel so good. Let me use this ass babe. Oh... fuck...!!"

He bottomed out inside me and grunted hard, squeezing my whole body. 

"Fuck... yesssss!!"

He came really hard and long, shooting his load deep inside my ass. I could feel his hot cum travel up to my prostate and his twitching dick made mine even harder. He kept slowly pumping and grunting while he unloaded inside me, still gripping my ass.

When he was done he started jerking me off and kissing me again. "Will you come for me?" He whispered.

I nodded and started fucking his hand. He kept kissing me and I was about to cum. I whimpered in his mouth, "I'm gonna cum," and instantly he pulled me back to his chest and held my face down.

"Shoot your load for me. I want to feel your cum. Cum for me."

His dirty talk pushed me over the edge and I thrust harder and grunted as I came. He pushed his head closer and put my cock into his mouth. I emptied inside him and he swallowed, licking up the edges and getting every bit of it. 

We sat like that for a few minutes before we cleaned up and I went home.