 Several experiences during my teen years proved that I am bisexual. Having given a number of blow jobs during that time I found I not only liked the feeling of a hard cock in my mouth but also loved being submissive. Unfortunately after my teen years marriage and work have kept me from having many opportunities to once again indulge in my love of cock sucking.

That is until last year. I had to be in Virginia for training and often stayed the weekends. My route to and from the training took me by an adult bookstore in Virginia. I finally gave in to me desires on a Sunday on my way back down and stopped in. After getting the required tokens I went to the back and found private booths with doors. Those of you who live in Pennsylvania know that we are not allowed to have doors on our booths.

When I went into one of the booths I found the Holy Grail of adult bookstores, the glory hole. I had read about them often here at Literotica but this was my first experience. It only took a minute for the first hard cock to poke through. It wasn't very big but I didn't hesitate to drop on my knees and take it in my mouth. I was so excited I thought I would cum right then.

After sucking on it for only about a minute he pulled it away from me and asked if he could come over. I was hoping to just give some guy a blowjob so I could taste cum again and leave. I didn't plan on a face-to-face meeting but I wanted to finish him so bad I agreed. Seconds later he was knocking at the door and I let him in. He was shorter then me, about 5'10" and had blonde hair. He unzipped his pants and freed his cock. It was only about 5 inches and not very thick. But I was happy to have it. I dropped back down onto my knees and slid him in my mouth again.

The feel of having a hard dick sliding in and out of my mouth again after all those years was unbelievable. I was able to taste his pre-cum dripping onto my tongue. I was now starting to suck with all the gusto of a true cum slut. I knew he was close when he started fucking my face by holding my head and shoving his cock into my mouth. I felt him swell and then shoot into my mouth. I loved the taste but there wasn't much of it. I wanted a man who would flood my mouth with his juice. When he finished his zipped his pants and left.

I decided I would stay and see if I could get lucky again. I had been watching videos for a few minutes when I heard someone enter the booth next to me again. I dropped to my knees in front of the hole again and started running my finger around the edge signaling that I was ready. 

This time I wasn't disappointed as a very large black cock slid through the hole. It was at least 9 inches long and 3 inches round. I started by licking around the head and then running my tongue up and down the shaft. This was my first real cock in a very long time and my first black cock ever so I took my time sliding it into my mouth. It was stretching my lips as wide as they would go as more of it disappeared into my hungry mouth. I was sliding my mouth back and forth on this magnificent cock enjoying the feel of it ramming the back of my throat. 

This time I was the one who asked if he wanted to come over. He accepted and I soon opened my door to a tall good looking black man. He pulled me to him and kissed me shoving his tongue into my mouth. I had never kissed another man and the feeling of his lips on mine had me willing to do whatever he wanted. After he broke the kiss he told me how he wanted to fuck me as I sucked a cock. He nodded toward the hole and there was another cock identical to his sticking through. He then told me it was his twin brother and the love turning white men into sluts. He then asked me if I wanted to be there slut. I was speechless so I just nodded my head. 

He told me to lower my pants and kneel in front of his brother's cock. I was nervous but did as he said. I had never been fucked by a man but had used dildos before so I wasn't a complete virgin. I started sucking his brother as I felt him pour a cool liquid on my ass. He started working into my ass with his fingers getting me ready for his huge dick. Just as I got his brothers entire shat into my throat I felt him pressing the head of his cock into my ass. I was being stretched at both ends more than I ever thought possible. 

My ass was burning as he worked his hard black dick into me. After a few short stroked the pain subsided and I was in heaven. He was holding onto my hips as he rammed into me and I was sucking his brother into my throat anxious to taste his load. Soon his brother exploded into my mouth filling it with his cum. I worked to swallow every drop not wanting to waste any. As I was finishing the one in my mouth he shot deep into my bowels. All 9 inches of his cock was buried up my ass as he filled me with his seed. When he finished I realized I had cum covering my pants with my sperm. 

He then leaned over and told me I was one of the best sluts they had ever had and that if I would like to do it again he would give me their number. Of course I accepted.