 I had been seeing Beni for several weeks and we were getting along well. He was a little older than me, aged 52. He was Indian, tall, well built, smooth skinned and he had a long grey beard and quite long hair. He had mischievous eyes – eyes that said "I'm going to fuck you", and he frequently did fuck me. He was courteous and respectful, but masterful, and I liked that.

I hadn't been in the habit of sleeping with men until I met him. I had had sex with men, but the idea of spending the night with one, waking up with one, hadn't appealed to me.

With Beni it was different. There was nothing I liked more than waking up and becoming aware of his naked body next to me. I liked sucking his cock when he was still drowsy and I loved it when he would sleepily climb astride me and have a morning wank, his semen landing on my chest.

Now he wanted me to meet one of his friends. Bechan was his name and he was an entrepreneur. He had fingers in a lot of pies: electronics, travel, imports, all sorts of things. He had a big house in the country and we were invited for Sunday lunch. It was mid summer and the English weather was behaving itself for a change, so I was in t shirt and jeans.

We drove through the gates and Beni parked behind a blue BMW outside the front door. The door was open and we walked through the whole house and out the back, where a large swimming pool glinted in the sun. Bechan was on a sun lounger. He was short, dark and hairy – which is how I like my Indian men. Beni was an exception to the rule.

Next to Bechan was a tall, slim red-haired young man, much younger and also hairy. He was slathering more sun block onto his tender skin – people with his colouring have to be careful, and I could see from the white creases in his pink stomach that he had already had about enough.

Bechan introduced us. The young man was Brad and he was American. We sat around and drank iced tea. Soon Brad apologized but said he had to go indoors, and the three of us lay and soaked up the rays for a while. As lunchtime approached it was becoming unbearable out there, so we went inside too. My tan was coming along nicely and Beni and Bechan had their own natural one, but they could still get burned.

Brad was sitting on a black leather sofa and Beni asked him how he was doing.

"Oh, okay," he said, then stood up and pulled his swim shorts down an inch to show us the difference. We all winced and Bechan went to find some after-sun lotion. He tossed it to me.

"Beni and I have some business to attend to," he said. "Would you mind doing the honours?" Beni smiled at me as he and his friend went upstairs.

Brad lay on the sofa on his back and I spread cream on his chest and arms. When I reached his stomach I was seized by the thought that this was a set-up. Sure enough, Brad took my lotioned hand and slid it into his shorts. He had shaved his hair off and I rubbed lotion into the mown patch, then took his cock in my hand. It was long and hard. Brad lay back and luxuriated in the sensation of being felt up by a stranger. Then he arched his back and pulled his shorts down.

"You can suck my cock," he said. "And I can suck yours. But no fucking until the men get back."

My phone beeped a Whatsapp alert on the coffee table so I checked it. It was from Beni, a close-up of an Indian erection surrounded by a forest of black hair. It wasn't him, so I presumed it was Bechan. I prepared my phone to take a pic, asking Brad if he minded, and he waved his consent. I sent Beni a picture of Brad's long, ready cock.

Then there was silence. I removed my shorts and Brad and I got into 69 position on the sofa. He wasn't really my type, but if this was the hors d'oeuvres, it would be churlish not to eat it.

We were happily, if not passionately, sucking each other when Beni and Bechan came down the stairs, naked and laughing like the old friends they were. This was hotting up and I liked it. Beni sat on the cream sofa opposite and Bechan told Brad to sit next to him. Then Bechan sat next to me. He put an arm around me and pulled me to him. I looked at his hairy chest, his little manboobs, happy stomach and stout thighs. His cock was short but thick, and sitting up, begging for attention. I glanced across at Beni and saw him leaning back with his eyes closed as Brad knelt between his legs. Beni was caressing those pink, raw shoulders.

Bechan leaned and whispered in my ear. "I hear you like fat Indian men," he laughed.

"Fat hairy Indian men," I said with a smile.

"And what do you like doing with them?" he continued.

"I like to do what they suggest," I said, sinking into the swamp of my helpless lust.

"I suggest you suck my cock," Bechan said quietly, lying down. I knelt on the sofa and licked his inner thighs before moving up to where his sturdy cock awaited me. I took it I my right hand and felt its power. I hoped he was going to fuck me with it later. I took it in my mouth and sucked it tenderly. It was rich and salty, like a bag of chips.

I loved the whole situation. I loved Bechan's bear-like body and the air was alive with the steamy, horny essence of four men naked in one room. Bechan gestured to me to look across the room and when I did, I saw Brad kneeling on the sofa on his elbows, while Beni penetrated him and fucked him in that animal, buggering way he had. I knew Brad must be in ecstasy. I could imagine the satisfied feeling of having his arse filled with Beni's demanding cock.

Bechan and I sat together, holding each other's cock, and just watched for a minute. Then Bechan heaved himself on top of me and kissed me. He thrust his tongue into my mouth like a demonstration of what was to come lower down. He was astride my thighs, his hairy legs rubbing against mine and his cock prodding my stomach.

"You want me to fuck you like that?" he breathed in my ear.

"Yes," I said simply, but he was waiting for more. "I want your cock up my arse, Bechan."

He pulled a tube of lube from behind a cushion and made me kneel alongside him while he greased me up. Then he knelt behind me. He pulled me lower so my arse was at his service and rubbed the head of his cock around it, teasing me.

"Say it," I heard Beni's voice from across the room. He was still inside Brad and I could see they were both ready to cum.

"Fuck me, Bechan," I said, and Beni resumed his buggering of Brad while Bechan plugged his beautiful, sinful brown body into mine. Bechan was forceful. He slammed me hard, over and over again, his masterful penis in complete charge of my willing innards. I often wonder why I like it so much, being dominated in that way, and why it is a particular physical type of man that I want to do it, but I can come up with no answer. It is just a fact. A normal, looking, rugged, hairy Asian guy who might be behind you in the supermarket queue, that's all it took to turn me on. Well, when I say "that's all", I mean it's a precise definition, but it's not asking much in terms of conventional so-called perfection.

Bechan was no Bollywood beefcake. If you saw him on a film set he would be a carpenter or electrician, or, in his case, the producer, a man with money to make up for his lack of stereotypical beauty.

This short, stocky, hirsute man had his cock up my arse and had now slowed down a little. He was probably not as fit as he would have liked, and maybe fucking was the only exercise he got. I decided that he could work out with me any time he wanted. I wasn't sure if I had been traded by Beni for the American guy or if this was just a one-off. Or maybe we would all get together again. Maybe next time both Beni and Bechan would fuck me, one after the other in my yielding, complicit arsehole. 

For now, all I wanted was Bechan's spunk inside me, and at that precise moment he gave it to me. He pulled me back onto him and squeezed his seed as far inside me as he could. I reached between our four united legs and felt his balls.

Bechan relaxed against me and gradually his erection seeped away and his cock slid out, followed by a river of his spunk. He patted my buttocks – not a spank but an approving, affectionate touch. I sensed that this was not the last time we would have sexual intercourse together.