 When I woke up next day, I felt different. I remembered that I had been fucked the previous evening by the manager of the bar where I worked part time. I could still feel a slight soreness where the guy's cock had hammered into my virgin ass while I was bent over his desk, and as I lay in bed I started to get excited about what was still to come.

I suppose that having worked for some time as a barman in a gay bar, dressed only in a little leather thong and sandals, my mind had adjusted to the idea that I might end up having to service a big, hard cock or two. After all, if you spend hours virtually naked, getting felt up and propositioned by hoards of good looking gay guys, it's only a matter of time before you give in, and I can't say that I wasn't warned about what was likely to happen.

I got so horny thinking about it that I jerked myself off, before getting out of bed, showering, getting dressed and off to my first lecture. While I sat in the lecture hall my studies were disturbed by erotic thoughts of gay sex, and I had to force myself to concentrate on the lecturer's words. I sort of wondered if any of my fellow students could see any difference in me, could realize that only a few short hours ago I had been rogered bow legged by my employer.

As soon as I entered the bar that evening I realized that the rest of the staff knew I had lost my cherry. The other barmen made jokes about me walking differently, and it was obvious the manager had told them all the details. I just smiled sweetly, and got on with my duties until I received the expected phone call from the office, the manager wanted to see me at once.

As I entered his office I was concerned to see that he wasn't on his own, there were two guys with him, both big guys in their mid thirties. The manager smiled at me and said, " I thought that I would invite Luke and Will up here to help with your cock sucking lesson." He then ordered me to strip off my little black leather thong, get down on my hands and knees, crawl towards the chair on which he was sitting and carefully take his cock out. As I extracted the cock, which had recently rogered my ass, I was aware that three pairs of eyes were staring at me with rampant lust. 

I started to open my lips in order to take my manager's cock into my mouth, but I was told "No". First of all I had to handle the length whilst kissing and sucking on his balls. When he was satisfied with my expertise in this area, I progressed to kissing his cock all along its length, from his ball sack to the tip of his cock head. Only then was I allowed to proceed to the final stage that of enclosing the hot weapon inside my mouth and sucking it, whilst at the same time lashing the head with my tongue.

Whilst I was engaged on this task my boss chatted with his mates about my prowess in the art of cock sucking. "I think that this guy is a natural," said Luke whilst Will agreed, but thought that I needed a lot more practice in order to reach an acceptable standard. As I knelt there sucking away, I could feel the cock become more animated as well as more slippery, it was starting to leak pre-cum. My employer suddenly gasped and the cock erupted with salvo after salvo of hot jism, which I had difficulty in swallowing without allowing any to leak out of my mouth.

Luke was next to receive my oral ministrations but with two essential differences. Firstly his cock was uncut, which meant that I had to use one hand to ease back the foreskin as I was sucking. Secondly, he asked me to use the fingers of my other hand to stroke the inside of his ass cheeks. I found theses additions to my basic sucking technique somewhat difficult to manage, but as he too exploded deep in my mouth, I must have been fairly good at it.

I approached Will, who promptly stood up. I couldn't understand why until he started pumping his cock deep into my mouth, forcing me to deep throat him. The first time a cock actually enters your throat is of course deeply worrying, man having an overwhelming need to breath, and I had to learn to take breaths during the time when the cock was being pulled back. My ability to succeed in this particular line of country really impressed the three men, and when Will pulled out in order to spunk all over my face, chest and hair I thought that my duties were over, but I was wrong

The boss picked up the phone and said, "Is Sean there? Tell him his bonus is ready for him." This was very worrying because Sean was the bouncer, a large black guy. I was told to wait there on my hands and knees until the bouncer arrived and started stripping off. The manager threw me a tube of KY jelly and told me to start lubing up my asshole, and to be sure to use a lot.

I looked back over my shoulder to where the bouncer was stripping off his clothes, and was relieved to see that his cock wasn't that much longer or thicker than the average. My relief must have shown on my face because the three onlookers burst out laughing. " I bet that you thought because Sean is a black guy he was born with a huge cock", one said. " When actually, his skill is in how long he can keep it up without cumming. So if you don't want to be shagged until daybreak, you gotta give the man some serious help." 

I must confess that I didn't know what he meant by the term "serious help", but I was sure that I would soon find out. Sean got into position behind me and I felt his cock slide between the cheeks of my bottom, until his cockhead was pushing against my sphincter. A pause, some laughter from the watchers, then a big thrust and I was impaled up to the hilt.

He gave me a few moments to adjust to his length inside me before starting to fuck me with long measured strokes, every stroke exactly the same, same speed and same depth of penetration. He had a hand on my waist and used the other for delivering hard slaps to the cheek of my ass. Last night I had been shagged for about fifteen minutes before my boss shot his load in my ass, but Sean just kept on going for about an half an hour.

The other guys were giving me advice on how to bring him to climax. I was advised to push back against his thrusts and to contract my ass muscles to provide maximum pressure on his dick, but neither of these ploys appeared to work and he just kept going like some perpetual motion machine.

I was then advised to talk dirty to him, which worked in a roundabout way. "Fuck me with that black dick, you bastard," I cried. "Screw me until my teeth rattle." I think my words must have put him in a bad mood because he grabbed both my shoulders and pulled me back against his rampaging organ which was moving so fast and so powerfully, that I had to stop myself from falling forward, flat on my face.

Eventually, after a lifetime of brutal fucking, he stopped with his cock rammed right up me and flooded my ass with his love juice. It was over; I just collapsed on the floor until I got my breath back. There I was with face and hair covered in dry cum and my ass feeling like it had taken a road drill. When I looked down I had the mother and father of all hard ons, and my cock was leaking cum.

Sean took hold of it and wanked me to climax in about two minutes. After that the boss gave me the rest of the night off. I never had to report to his office again, well not for next week or so.