 It was 8'o clock at night, and I had worked a long ass day, my brain felt as if it was about to explode, I needed to relax myself, and clear my head. I had a date with this girl I met last week at a Convention in Atlantic City, but I just couldn't bare it tonight, I needed a drink badly. I made my way to my favorite bar, one I frequent 2-3 times a week. You know that kind of bar, where everyone knows your name. Well, for me it is the most relaxing place, where I can be myself, get a little drunk, watch the game, and relax. 

I sat at my usual spot, made a few pleasantries with the bartender, and began to sip on my drink. The bar was fairly crowded, which was good, kept the bartender busy, and left me alone to enjoy my drink and watch the Yankee game. Midway through my second drink, this man takes a seat next to me. He was I'd say in his early 30's, like me, about 6'3", skinny, yet built, and his skin color was as black as charcoal. He sported a very neat goatee, and dressed in a preppy type of sweater, with fitted jeans.  

He ordered a beer, and began to make small talk with me about the game. I didn't mind, it was nice to talk to a stranger for awhile, and help keep my mind off the long workday I had. He told me his name is Edward, he moved to the area only a few months ago, got a nice ranch house with a built in pool, is dating but nothing serious, like me just got out of a serious relationship with a woman a few months ago. He actually was a pretty cool guy, he told me about a gym he just joined. I laughed, as I've been attempting to start going to the gym again, after gaining some weight. He told me I look good, just need a little toning. It was kind of odd they way he commented on my body, but we drank a lot, so I kind of shrugged it off. 

Before we knew it, the bar was about to close, and Edward invited me back to his place, for a few more beer's. Why, not, I thought. We made it back to his place, and in the living room, we each cranked up a bottle, and drank. Edward suggested we make our way into the pool. Reminding Edward I had no bathing suit, he shrugged me off, and suggested since we are both men, let's go in naked. Honestly, I was kind of uncomfortable, I was extremely horny, and though I am predominately straight, I do enjoy an occasional DL experience with a man, especially a black man, so I feared I'd get an embarrassing hard-on. However I still followed Ed to the back yard, and watched him strip out of his clothes. His sweater and shirt came off and I saw the most unbelievable chiseled sculpted chest and abs, not a strand of hair on his torso. His pants came off, then his boxers, and then I saw the most magnificent cock I had ever seen. Flaccid yet huge, hanging 7-8 inches, and sported a thickness reminiscent of Castro Supreme. He was uncircumcised, and his foreskin covered his head with extra skin to spare. Ok, I stared longer than I should, did Ed notice? I certainly hoped not. I stripped out of my clothes, and made my way into the pool, hoping my hardening cock wasn't noticeable. We swam a little and made our way to the stairs, where we sat and talked some more. The conversation turned to our best sexual experiences. Ed told me how he liked thick woman, as I did also. He told me of this one woman who would fuck him for hours and hours, and never leave his side. Not very surprising after looking at that monster cock of his!

"Damn man, this talk is getting me so horny," Ed said.

Flabbergasted as I was by his statement, I was just as horny. Ed sat up on the ledge above the stairs, giving me full view of his mahogany rod. It clearly was beginning to harden. He then said how much he would love a blow job right now. Well, I wasn't sure if it was an invitation or not, and frankly, I didn't care, he was sitting on the edge, cock in clear view, I needed it, I wanted it. I risked everything at this moment. I could have misread this whole situation, and risked outing myself to everyone, after all it was the bar I frequented where I met him. However, in the end, I said fuck it; I swam myself between his legs, grabbed his thick rod, pulled the foreskin back and stuffed his black cock down my throat. Immediately he moaned in ecstasy. I smiled, as I knew I was giving him what he wanted, and he was giving me what I desired. His cock grew until it reached full mast, I'd say 10", and a thickness beyond my wildest imagination. Fully hard it looked like a hairspray can. The skin of his cock was so soft in my mouth, and though my jaw began to ache, I never wanted to stop sucking. Ed just moaned, calling me an amazing cocksucker. I loved sucking him, licking up and down his shaft, and sucking on his magnificently huge balls. Those balls held his cum, and I wanted it all. 

After a while Ed motioned me off his cock and asked me to sit next to him. I did as asked, and Ed gave me the most passionate kiss. Ed laid down on the ground, and I went on top of him, our chests rubbing against each other, our lips and tongues locked, my cock rubbing against his abs, as his cock rubbed against my asshole.

"I love your ass," Ed said, "It's nice a thick."

"Ed, my ass is virgin; I'd never be able to take you."

"Virgin? Oh my, I want it more now. It'll take awhile, but I'll go real slowly, I'll make it so you can take me."

"You can try."

We kept kissing, it was so damn erotic. I've never had an encounter with a man like this before. Usually it's just I suck, he sucks, we fuck, and see you later. This was so much more though, we weren't having just sex, we are getting into each other, having a passionate intense session. 

Ed moved his hand to my cock, and commented at how he liked it. Not nearly as big as him, I was a thick 9", so I wasn't at all embarrassed by my cock, just knew it never could compare to his freakish tool. He jerked me as we kissed, his cock moving up and down my ass crack. Eventually we made it into his bedroom, our wet bodies still rubbing against each other. I ended up straddled on his face, his tongue on my asshole, and his cock in my mouth. He rimmed my ass so good, it felt unbelievable. He devoured my hole with his tongue, protruding in and out of my tight sphincter. His cock throbbed in my mouth, as I suck him as best as I could, trying to attempt to get him as far down my throat as I could. Eventually Ed had my cock in his mouth, and I was fucking his mouth in thrusts, continuing sucking his cock. It was almost simultaneous when we both came, and OMG he came gallons. My mouth couldn't contain it all, it was a milky white, very thick, and globby, and tasted so damn good. Ed took my cum in his mouth, and as I got up, our mouths locked, and together we shared our cum with each other with one more final passionate kiss. We both collapsed in each other's arms, falling into a deep sleep.  

I woke up the following morning, left alone in Ed's king size bed. I remember last night, and was still astonished at what had happened. On the pillow next to me was a note from Ed.

"I have coffee in the Kitchen, I had to get a few things, I'll be back soon."

At the edge of the bed was a rob, which I put on. I walked my way into the kitchen, walking by a mirror in the hallway; I looked at myself, and nearly fainted. I had white cum stains on my face and chest, I looked like a complete skank. What a night I had, I can't believe this, I thought to myself. I washed my face, and made my way to the kitchen where I made myself a cup of coffee. Ed made his way back a few moments later.

"Sleep well," he asked. 

"Real well," I answered back.

Ed just laughed, he came up to me and kissed me on the forehead.

"Look," Ed said, "I think we are on the same page. I haven't been with a man in a long time, and had a great night with you, but I prefer girls, just would like to have you on the side. Know what I mean?

I agreed with Ed completely, and we came to an understanding that what he and I will share is a discreet relationship, friends with benefits type of thing. Where alone we can let out all our inhibitions, but outside we are just friends. 

It didn't take long for Ed to have the Rob off me, caressing my ass. He wanted it so badly, and I wanted to give it to him, but I was so fearful. Ed told me he went to get a few things for us, but first we had to shower. But his only condition was we shower together. How could I argue with that.

The hot water sprayed on us, as we kissed one another, rubbing soap over each other's bodies, both our cocks at full attention. There was such an electrifying attraction between us, it seemed neither one of us could take our hands off the other. Finally we ended up back in the bed. Ed asked me to bend over. I obliged, but was clearly nervous, as Ed told me to relax. He rubbed shaving cream on my ass and around my ass hole. He told me he wanted me to be smooth, and he was going to shave me clean. After he was done, I felt his tongue on my asshole. It felt so damn good, I can't believe how much I love to be rimmed. I was fortunate to have a few girlfriends who enjoyed to eat my ass, but not could compare to the way Ed did. His tongue was exceptionally long, and he was able to penetrate my hole, which was unbelievable.. After some time, Ed rubbed lotion over my ass, complimenting on how much he loved a thick ass like mine. Next, Ed placed a finger inside me. At first I felt pain, but Ed asked me to relax again, and he slowly re-entered me. Ed took his time, and I appreciated it. Eventually he had 2 fingers in, then 3. He went gently and slow. Eventually he started to finger me a little faster, asking me if I was ok, which I was, the feeling was out of this world.

Ed next brought to my eyes a butt plug. Ed told me, then once this goes in my ass, there is a pump that pumps air into it, to make it bigger, it will help to stretch me. Ed lubricated the toy, and slowly placed it in my ass. I resisted a couple times, when Ed came up to me and passionately kissed me, without knowing, the plug was fully in my ass. Ed had me sit up, and placed his huge cock in my mouth. As I sucked him, Ed began to pump the plug, and I felt my rectum expand. When I felt pain, he released and started up pumping again a few seconds later. I was not sure what to feel, my cock wasn't hard, my ass felt as if it was going to explode. But just having Ed's cock in my mouth, seem to make me feel better, and I felt my cock beginning to grow. 

Finally Ed took the plug out of my ass, bent me over, and said I was ready. He lubed up his huge cock, and slowly entered me. At first, even after all the stretching, the pain was unbearable. But Ed, took his time. Slowly he let the head of his cock enter me, and would thrust in and out with just the head. Eventually, he made it an inch further inside me, then another inch. Ed then said to me in his low masculine voice, words, that changed my entire feeling at this moment.

"You have the most beautiful ass, I want to feel myself deep inside you, and I want to make love to you, and cum deep inside you."

I don't know what happened, but his words made my cock harden, and I wanted him inside me more now than ever. "Make love to me Ed, make me feel your cum, I want you now."

Ed finally made it as far inside me as he could go, and he thrusted in and out of me, slowly but forcefully. My body felt so full as he cock penetrated me, rubbing against my prostrate, I swear I was having multiple orgasms without cumming. I told him I loved him, he told me he loved me. I was in another dimension, giving myself up totally to this man. I wanted to see him, I asked for him to turn me over. He literally picked me up and turned me over, without his cock ever exiting my ass. Ed looked into my eyes, and said again he loved me, I told him I loved him, and he put his lips against mine, we kissed again, his tongue in my mouth, and he continued to thrust in and out of me. We made love for over an hour, until Ed came deep inside my once virgin ass. I felt his cock throb, and felt a hot warm feeling deep in my ass, I knew that was Ed's love seed filling me up. Ed slowly took his softening cock out of my ass, and moved his mouth down to my stretched hole. He was sucking his cum out of my ass, I jerked off, and finally came inside Ed's mouth. Again Ed met up with me, and we had our last final kiss. 

What an unbelievable session, but what about what we were saying to each other. Ok, sex is over, so what the fuck were we talking about? For awhile, I think we both felt uncomfortable, until we both laughed and just caulked it up to great sex. During sex, say what you feel is right, we both agreed, past that; we are nothing more than good friends. We got caught up in the moment, and it was a great moment. We hung out the rest of the day, went out for dinner, and ended back at Ed's home, with his cock again in my mouth. My ass will be off limits a few more days. What a good friend I have just found.