 Tim finished buttoning his shirt and glanced at himself in the bathroom mirror. He ran a comb through his dark brown hair and walked back into his bedroom. He picked up his wallet and stuffed it in the back pocket of his jeans. He surveyed the room, and decided he was ready. Rick would be there at any moment to pick him up, and he wanted to be ready.

Rick and Tim had been friends since high school, and had always been there for each other. When Rick suggested going to this picnic, Tim at first had second thoughts. But now that the day was here, he was glad he had decided to go. It was going to be a great day. The sun was shining, the air was warm, and a day spent at the park playing a few games of basketball would be great.

A knock sounded at the door, and Tim yelled out that it was open. Rick walked in with a smile across his ruggedly handsome face, his blonde hair slightly tousled. Even though the T-shirt and shorts he wore were a bit baggy, they somehow managed to show off his almost perfect physique. Tim knew that Rick got a lot of appreciative looks from women, and more than a few from other men. Tim looked down at his own slight paunch and made a decision to get himself to the gym right after work on Monday.

"Hey, you ready to go?" Rick asked. "We're already running late, you know."

"Yeah, yeah, I know. Let me grab the chips. You're driving, right?"

"Sure, I'm cool with that. Let's just go!" 

Grabbing a bag of chips and his keys, Tim walked out behind Rick and locked the door. As they drove to the park in Rick's truck, the conversation flowed over many topics, and soon they were pulling into the park. After winding around the narrow lanes, they finally found Rick's friend and parked the truck. Walking up, Rick introduced Tim to the various people milling around talking and snacking on food. Rick stopped in front of a tall brunette and gave her a smile and a hug.

"Rebecca, I want you meet one of my closest friends. Tim, this is Rebecca, our hostess. Rebecca, this is Tim."

Tim shuffled up to Rebecca, a little shy in the presence of this gorgeous woman.

"Tim! I'm so glad you could make it! Rick has told me a lot about you, and I was looking forward to meeting you."

"Thank you, Rebecca," Tim managed awkwardly, "I'm glad to be here. And I hope this doofus only told you the good things!"

The brunette laughed easily at Tim's clumsy joke, and gracefully pushed her hair behind her ear. 

"Well, I've only heard Rick say good things about you, Tim. But hey, there's plenty of food, so eat up! And I think the guys are getting a basketball game together, if you are interested."

Just then a cute blonde walked up to Rebecca with a question about where there was more Diet Coke, and Tim turned to Rick.

"I'm going to get something to drink, you want anything?"

"Sure, grab me a beer, will you? I'll get us hooked up with the basketball game."

Tim walked over to a cooler and pulled out two icy bottles, then joined Rick at the basketball court. The game was fast-paced and very competitive – just the way Tim liked it. Several times he bumped against Rick, and felt Rick's hands on his shoulders and back but chalked it up to how the game is played. 

"Food's on!" Rebecca yelled to the guys playing basketball, and suddenly both Tim and Rick realized just how hungry they were. 

Rick and Tim filled their plates more than once. Both men lost track of how many hot dogs they had eaten, and every time they tried a new dish, they had to go back for more. Eventually, neither of them could eat another bite, and they rolled on the grass under a huge tree. Feeling bloated and stuffed, Rick spoke to Tim while looking up at the leaves.

"Hey, how about we go for a walk, see if we can work off some of this food? What do ya say, Tim?"

Tim was happy where he was, but admitted to himself that going for a walk would make him feel more comfortable.

"Yeah, sure. Let's go. I saw where there were a few hiking trails that looked cool."

It didn't take long before Rick and Tim found a trail that was surrounded by trees, getting them out of the midday sun. As they walked, Tim became aware of Rick touching his arm, his shoulder, his back. A small voice screamed in protest, yet Tim had to admit a rush of excitement filled him. He told himself he had to be misunderstanding, and kept walking.

"Hey, why not rest over there," Rick asked, "I don't know about you, but I'm getting a little tired. Must be all that food!"

Tim followed Rick through a tangle of tree branches down to a stream, and they both sat on an old log that must have fallen over during the last major rainstorm.

"Rick, how have things been going for you since Cynthia broke it off. That must have been tough for you – you were dating her, what, 3 years?"

"Yeah, it was tough, but it was for the best. We both learned things about ourselves through the breakup, so it turned out for the best. But I do miss having that special some one in my life, you know?"

"Yeah, I can relate! I haven't been able to find anyone who can compare to Mary. Damn, I wish I hadn't fucked up that relationship!"

Tim started to move his head from side to side and grimace slightly. He caught Rick looking at him and tried to smile.

"I think I might have pulled a muscle during the game or something. Maybe just not enough exercise!"

"Here, I know of something that might help. Just try to relax."

Rick moved behind Tim and placed his fingers on the side of his neck. Firmly, yet gently, Rick started to rub the muscles in Tim's neck. He could feel the knot of pain where Tim's neck met his shoulders, and Rick worked on it. At first Time was shocked at the feel of his friend's fingers on his neck. But Rick obviously knew what he was doing, and Tim could feel the pain beginning to ease up. He closed his eyes and gave himself over to Rick's ministrations.

Rick glanced down at Tim and felt a stirring in his pants. He had never told his friend about his attraction to men – in fact, he had just learned to accept it himself. Reaching down in front of Tim, Rick quickly unbuttoned Tim's shirt and started to pull it over his shoulders. Startled, Tim grabbed at his shirt, but Rick laughed.

"Dude, c'mon! There is only so much I can do while the shirt is on!"

Rick watch as Tim's fingers let the material go, and Rick quickly removed the shirt and dropped it on the log. Letting his fingers trace patterns along Tim's shoulders and back, Rick admired the body beneath his fingertips. Rick could feel the muscles under the skin – soft, yet somehow different from a woman's. Lifting his hands to his own shirt, he quickly removed it, then resumed massaging Tim's neck and shoulders.

"How does that feel? Better?"

"Oh, yeah! Damn, you know what you are doing! That feels great, and the pain is gone!"

"Good."

Rick leaned over Tim's body, letting his hands caress Tim's chest and stomach. Rick's lips were close to Tim's ear, and he quickly placed a kiss on the spot of Tim's neck, just below the earlobe. He felt Tim shudder. Suddenly Tim grabbed Rick's hands, and Rick could feel him turning away.

"Hey, man! What are you doing?!?"

"Relax, Tim. I'm not going to do anything you won't like."

"But, Rick, you – me – what -?"

Rick responded by trailing his tongue down Tim's neck to his shoulder. Nibbling and sucking, Rick tasted Tim's skin, moaning at the feel of his skin. Rick's hands sank lower until they reached the waistband of Tim's jeans. Tracing his fingers along the waistband, he suddenly reached lower, and started to rub the bulge that he knew was Tim's cock.

Tim's mind was racing. This was wrong. This was bad. Hell, he wasn't gay! So why was he allowing Rick to continue? His lips, his hands felt so good on his body. Tim's mind was screaming at him to enjoy. Tim brought his hands up to Rick's arms, and began to stroke him, suddenly aware of the thick, curly hair on his forearms. He turned his head towards Rick, and suddenly their lips met. Rick started to move his lips over Tim's, forcing them open, his tongue dancing and probing into Tim's mouth. Tim repulsed the thought, but then slowly gave himself into the kiss. It was surprising, soft, and gentle all at once. Before he knew what was happening, Tim returned Rick's kiss, eagerly sucking at the tongue Rick offered.

Rick moved around to the front of Tim, and held his head gently between his fingers. Releasing the kiss, Rick smiled warmly at Tim, his eyes shining. Tim smiled back, and suddenly he realized he was anticipating Rick's touch and lips. Tim ran his fingers over Rick's chest, and watched as his friend sighed and then closed his eyes. Rick gripped Tim's arms tightly, as he murmured encouragement to Tim.

Now curious, Tim reached down and slowly undid the shorts Rick was wearing. Pushing them over his hips, Rick wiggled until his shorts slid down to his ankles and then he stepped from them. Tim looked at his friend's thick cock pulsing in front of him. The veins were huge, and his member bobbed with desire. Reaching up, Tim closed his fingers around his friend's cock, and began to stroke him lightly. Rick moaned as he felt his cock in his friend's hand, and he began to rock his hips back and forth.

Tim looked up into Rick's face, his own desire now rising. Tim quickened his stroke, as his other hand went to Rick's balls, squeezing and pulling on them. Curious now, Tim bent over and gently, almost hesitantly, licked the very tip of Rick's cock. The pre-cum was clear and sticky and sweet, and Tim found himself eagerly sucking for more. His tongue played along the tip, as his lips pressed against the tip. Rick caressed Tim's face, as his groans of pleasure increased. Tim could see Rick trying to control his thrusts, and his smiled. Licking the underside of Rick's cock, Tim smiled at the way Rick's cock jumped and jerked from his touch. His tongue washed over Rick's balls, and then he worked his way back up to the tip.

Wrapping his lips around the head of his friend's cock, Tim began to suck, his tongue tracing the veins, his cheeks hollowed. Rick was groaned, his fingers guided Tim's mouth onto his cock. He began to thrust his hips towards Tim's face, and cried out when Tim clutched at his balls. As Tim sucked harder, moving his head back and forth, Rick could no longer hold back. His pumped his hips towards Tim's mouth, and when Tim's fingers gripped his ass, he felt his muscles tighten. Pumping furiously, Tim's moaning encouraging him, Rick held Tim's head.

"Tim, I'm gonna cum. Gotta cum – oh, here it is! Yes!"

Tim felt the first few spurts of jism land on his tongue. The taste was salty, a little bitter, but the idea that his friend was orgasming in his mouth, made Tim's cock rock hard. He sucked eagerly, drinking down his friend's cum, sucking it hard, enjoying every inch of his friend's cock.

Rick cried out to the trees, grunting as ribbons of cum exploded into his friend's mouth. Rick felt his body explode, and he watched as his friend swallowed his cum. Pulling his cock from Tim's mouth, he bent over and kissed him deeply. Rick could still taste his cum on Tim's lips and tongue, and he moaned into Tim's mouth.

Letting his hand drift lower, Rick managed to locate the button and zipper of Tim's jeans, and he quickly undid them. Pulling Tim up, Rick pulled down his friend's jeans, eager to lick the long cock that popped out of its enclosure. Standing up, Rick wrapped his arms around Tim, and then once again kissed him. Rick's hand sunk lower, until he was stroking Tim's cock, feeling the pre-cum on his fingers.

Smiling at Tim, Rick sank to his knees in front of his friend. With his hands on Tim's thighs and ass, Rick bent forward and licked his friend's engorged cock. As he sucked the pre-cum into his mouth, Rick savored the taste. Tim looked down and watched as his cock disappeared into his friend's mouth. He felt his friend's tongue move along the shaft, tracing the veins, and he closed his eyes, giving his body over to his friend's lips and tongue. Reaching down, Tim rubbed Rick's shoulders, moving up his neck, and caressing his face. Pulling Rick onto his cock, he heard the other man moan, and felt Rick suck even harder. Then, suddenly, Rick's mouth was gone, and his fingers were stroking his cock.

"Tim, I know you've never done this, but I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want to feel you stretch me open, fucking me."

Tim opened his eyes and looked down at his friend. A jolt of shock ran through his mind. Giving each other a blowjob was one thing, but actually fucking his friend's ass? The moment of questioning past quickly, however, as Rick continued to stroke his cock. He imagined in his mind's eye, Rick bent over, watching his cock sinking into his friend's tight bung hole, feeling the tightness, the velvety softness. He felt Rick tug on his cock, and when Tim opened his eyes, he saw Rick turning, getting on his hands and knees in the soft grass. Tim moved to the front of Rick, holding his cock in front of him.

"Suck me, Rick. Make me wet enough to fuck you."

Tim was surprised at how quickly his friend took his cock into his mouth, covering him with his saliva. When Tim felt he was wet enough, he pulled his cock from Rick and moved behind him. Rick reached around and pulled his cheeks apart, an invitation to Tim. Tim pushed the head of his cock against Rick's anus, feeling the tightly puckered skin, feeling Rick pushing out, trying to accept him. Tim pushed evenly and was surprised at how easily the head popped into Rick's tight opening. Tim stopped and listened to Rick's groans, becoming more and more excited.

"Fuck me, Tim. Please! I've wanted this for so fucking long!"

Placing his hands on Rick's ass, Tim pushed his cock into Rick's ass slowly. He felt his cock surrounded by soft, smooth wetness, and all Tim could think of was to fuck his friend's ass. Rick moaned and moved to steady himself on his hands, pushing back against Tim. Tim began to move inside of Rick, slowly at first, pulling his cock almost out completely and then pushing it back in. He could hear Rick grunt and moan, calling out his name, and Tim quickened his movements. 

Reaching under Rick, Tim grabbed for Rick's cock, shocked to find it rock hard. He began stroking his friend, even as his hips moved faster and fast against his friend's ass. Soon Tim was fucking Rick with passion, ramming his cock hard and deep into his ass, his hand stroking the length of his friend's cock. 

"Oh, Tim, yes. Just as I wanted it! Now, get on your knees, please!"

Without removing his cock from Rick's ass, Tim slowly sank to his knees and was surprised at the way Rick lowered his body while keeping his ass at a perfect angle for Tim to fuck. Rick sat up, slightly, and grabbed his cock from Tim's fingers, working his cock with long, hard strokes. Tim grabbed Rick's hips and started to piston his hips back and forth, filling Rick's ass with his cock. Tim buried his face into his friend's shoulder, smelling his scent, and feeling his skin against his own chest. 

Tim felt his balls tighten up and his cock swell. He could feel his jism rising, ready to spill, and he held Rick to him. 

"Rick, I'm gonna cum. Gonna cum, cum with me!" Tim whispered into Rick's ear.

"Yes, Tim! Fill my ass! NOW!"

Tim felt his cock explode in his friend's ass. Ramming his cock deeply into Rick's ass, Tim felt spurt after spurt of jism shoot from his body. He heard Rick cry out to the trees, and felt his ass clench tightly around his cock, telling him that his friend was also in the midst of an orgasm. Both men were frozen in time and space as they found their pleasure, and felt their bodies emptying. Slowly, Tim pulled his cock from Rick's ass, watching as his cum drained from his friend's bunghole. Rick was bent over, catching his breath, and Tim rubbed his back lightly. Then, turning, Rick faced Tim and held his face in his hands.

"That was beautiful, Tim. I can't tell you how long I've wanted that!"

"But, Rick, how long, um, you know?"

"We'll talk about that later, okay?"

Without waiting for an answer, Rick wrapped Tim into an embrace, and the heat of Rick's body stirred Tim's mind. He returned Rick's hug, as they both sat on the cool grass. Sliding his fingers over Rick's back, Tim felt happy. As the sun beat down on them, Tim was actually looking forward to the next time he could experience Rick – and have Rick experience him.

"We'd better get back to the picnic before they miss us," Rick whispered to Tim.

"Yeah, you're right. Let's go. But hey, this was cool, you know?"

"Yes, I do. I always knew it would be."