 It started out casually. I think. It seemed that way for a while, at least; just something we did for fun, something that didn't mean anything, a goof, a lark. A secret for sure but that was nothing different for us, we'd always been close, always told each other things we wouldn't tell anybody else. 

We were best friends. Still are. Have been since junior high. Back then I was pretty much a geek and he was popular but he thought I was funny and I thought he was cool and we wound up hanging out all the time. And we elevated each other as the years went by, I became more popular and came out of my shell and from me he got permission to indulge his intellectual side and show that he was more than just a jock. 

We went to college together, sort of by chance but it only cemented our bond. We dated together all throughout college - it never seemed weird, we just ran in the same social circle, a circle in which we were inevitably the locus. We fucked a couple girls together, and that never seemed weird, it was just fun. And, since I'm being honest and everything here, during one of those encounters my hand kinda found his cock and his hand kinda found mine and Lainey, she was the girl we were with, suggested maybe we go a little further so we did and I sucked his and he sucked mine. It was fun and, yeah, hot in a crazy way, and we were all laughing about it and it never changed anything.

We were similar in the fact that college didn't do much for us. I majored in philosophy of all things and he majored in political science and when we graduated (together) neither of us knew what the hell to do with our lives. So we drifted for a while, living together, waiting tables at the same restaurant. 

And then he met somebody and I met somebody and just like that life seemed to get real serious. I wouldn't say we drifted apart, because we still saw each other all the time, but it was like we needed some distance in order to grow up. We were both in love, more deeply than we'd ever been with anybody else, and in the meantime I started training to be a paramedic and he started training to be a cop. 

Then, marriage. We didn't have a double wedding (haha) but we did get married the same year and he was my best man I was his. Our wives became good friends and, gradually, we reconnected in a way that only two old friends can, having long conversations where we took stock of where we were and how far we'd come. We were both happy, and I kind of loved being a paramedic and he kind of loved being a cop and we both loved our wives and were thinking about kids and all that.

And then gradually things got more complicated, but in a way that only drew us closer. My wife couldn't get pregnant and it was causing a strain. His wife had a miscarriage. And I think we were both realizing just how carefree and fun our high school and college years really were, and that we might not ever get that back again.

Not that our hangouts were always that heavy. We got into this routine of getting together on Monday nights, cause we both typically had Tuesdays off while our wives worked normal schedules. We'd meet up at the bar, throw a few beers back. If it was more than a few, I'd crash on his couch or he'd crash on mine and his wife would flirt a little with me on her way out the door or vice versa. 

And this was one of those times, except we hadn't had just a few the night before, we'd had a lot. When I woke up the light was right on my face and it was hot and I realized it wasn't morning light, it was afternoon light. 

I groaned, and just a few moments later he groaned from his bedroom down the hall and then we laughed. 

"Might've overdone it last night," he said.

"I'll make breakfast," I said. So we had a big greasy breakfast, eggs and bacon and buttery toast and orange juice while we watched The Price is Right and joked around with each other. The one thing I've always felt around him is comfortable and this morning was no different but maybe it was. Our plates were on the coffee table so we were kicking back and our legs were getting tangled and we just let them rest that way. Not unusual, we've always been comfortable with touch, but maybe it felt a little different that morning.

I started this game where we rated the attractiveness of whichever females were bidding to get on the show. So even if it was a row with three old ladies in it we'd have to pick which one we'd fuck. Which was cracking both of us up and when he said he'd pick the dude over any of the other prospects and I agreed we really started to lose it. 

"I am so fucking horny," he said, and I concurred, cause a hangover always does that to me. "I tried to fuck my wife this morning but she just pushed me away because, well, look at me," he said, pulling up his shirt to show a beer belly that was just barely there, and making a face that accentuated his mussed-up bedhead and drunk-haggard face. 

"You'll always be beautiful to me," I said and he blew me a kiss. 

And then for a long time we didn't talk. Commercials came on. We were just staring at the TV and not looking at each other but our legs were still tangled. And when he finally said "Wanna jack off?" it was such a relief cause I'd been thinking of the same thing.

We hadn't jacked off together since college but it wasn't much of a deal to get back into it again. I'd been doing it myself, obviously, the whole time I'd been married and if he hadn't I would've thought something was wrong with him. If I thought about it, and to be honest I never really did, I would've assumed that we hadn't done it together for a while because we never had the time or opportunity. When we'd done it together in middle school, high school, college, we'd been bored out of our minds and horny as all hell and there'd been a bonding aspect to it that maybe we didn't need anymore, either. 

He grabbed his laptop and pulled up some scenes he'd found recently and we started getting into one. We pulled down our underwear at the same time and his cock was rock hard and so was mine and we looked at each other and smiled and I thought "I forgot how fun this is."

We chatted while we whacked and it was a reminder of old times. And then he said exactly what I'd been thinking earlier - "This is fun, why haven't we done this lately?" - I said I didn't know but that we should do it more often.

"Let's take our time," he suggested and I loved that. I showed him one of the scenes I'd gotten off to last week and it was just as good as I remembered and I could tell he was into it too. We blew a load, almost at the same time. He grabbed a towel and cleaned us off and then we made more coffee and he said, "You got anything to do today?"

"Not a thing," I said. And so we plopped back down on the couch and watched more TV and in about an hour I was the one to suggest we jack off again. He nodded, real slow with a sly smile on his face and said "That's what I'm talkin about."

And this time we really took it slow. Like slow to the point where it felt like something was going to have to happen just to fill the time because what else did we have to do? I kept thinking about that threesome we had, and it wasn't the first time I'd thought about it, but finally I mentioned it and asked if he ever thought about it and he said "Duh, it was hot," and I laughed and agreed. 

"It's not hard to imagine that mouth would feel really good right now," he said and then it was just like, fuck it, let's do it again. So I went first and went down on him and it was a little weird at first and then it was pretty hot and then it was like a lot of work. So then he went down on me and god it was good. 

We kept it up like that for a while - an hour? two? - just watching porn then TV and switching off giving head and jerking off and then sucking some more. And when he suggested it - "Should we go all the way? Since we're going this far?" - well, I was kind of shocked at first. Because he was talking about taking it in the ass, and I didn't think I could do that.

"I don't think I can do that," I said. 

"Okay but I could," he said, kind of sheepishly. And I guess I wasn't totally surprised cause I knew how much he gets off on having things up his ass. He'd always been vocal about it, it was always this challenge to try to get girls to go back there and when he did have girlfriends who'd lick his ass or stick a finger up it it was like winning the jackpot for him. So it didn't make me think of him any differently but in a way it totally did because I never in a million years would have made the connection or imagined me sticking something up his ass. Namely, my cock.

But now I was thinking it. And fuck if it didn't seem like a great idea. But I asked him if he was sure and he said yeah, he was pretty clean back there, he'd had stuff up there as big if not bigger than my cock so why not? If it would feel good for both of us. I kept asking him if he was sure until he started to get annoyed by it and then I stopped fighting it.

He grabbed some lube from the bedroom and we never even considered using condoms cause what would have been the point? Then he just bent over the couch and I lubed up and in a way I couldn't believe it was happening but in another way it felt like something totally normal, just me and him goofing around and having fun. So I slid it in. I'd done chicks in the ass before so I knew to go slow and everything, let him adjust. And we were still laughing about it as we did it but when I finally did get it in all the way and pull back and thrust in again he gave this little groan, like it felt so good for him. And it felt pretty amazing for me, and that knowledge that we were both getting off big time was the most exciting thing about it. 

So I just pounded away, not really caring in the same way that I do when I fuck a girl, like worrying if she's getting off or if I'm doing it too hard or too soft. I was just doing it to feel good. I got on the couch and he rode me for a while. It was a little weird looking at his face while I fucked him, but then we'd start cutting up again and it was this mixture of seriously getting off but also just fucking around. 

He came first. I had him on his back and I was holding up his legs and sliding all the way into him and back out. When I came out I'd hold it on the precipice for a minute just to make him anticipate it then I'd thrust it real hard all the way in. I kept doing that and every time I went inside him his cock would jump up in the air and that made us laugh. Then he started jacking himself real slowly and I just kept doing that, alternating those quick thrusts with a nice slow rhythm and feeling my load build up in my nuts. And somehow I knew it was coming for him too so I just pounded really hard and he shot all the way up to his face. Then I kept going.

"Should I cum inside you?" I said.

"Yeah man, fill 'er up," he said. So I did. It felt awesome. Then I took a shower while he made some more coffee. "I've never had a load of cum up my ass before," he said, standing in the kitchen. He had his hand up the back of his bathrobe and was feeling his asshole. And I can't lie and say I didn't think of sliding it back in him right then and there. "Hope I don't get pregnant," he said.

"Your wife would love that," I said. 

"No shit," he said, digging his fingers deeper inside him. I don't know if he was just feeling my load in him or trying to drain it out or what. "Who knows, buddy, we could've just figured out how to save our marriages." I laughed. He took his fingers out of his ass and, as he turned around, I caught him putting them in his mouth and sucking them clean. 

***

It was weird talking about it, at first. But not talking about it never seemed like an option. The first thing I asked him was whether he'd told his wife, cause that was just something we hadn't discussed. The look he gave me told the story right away. "I hope you didn't," he said.

"No, no," I said. As far as I was concerned it was just something between us. It didn't have anything to do with our wives, at all. I mean, it wasn't like I was gonna fall in the love with the guy. 

I guess that was the hardest thing to wrap my head around. Cause we did love each other, in a way. And it'd always been a little gay, our relationship, but now the gayness levels were in the red. But I didn't feel like I was gay. Maybe bi? It didn't feel like that, either. 

At any rate, it was a few months before we ever did anything again. In the meantime we'd joke about him taking it up the ass or how we were both faggot cocksuckers - you know, whistling past the graveyard a little. But then we were at a neighborhood barbeque and he was wearing these tight shorts, and I swear I'd never noticed what a nice ass he had before, not even when I'd fucked it. And, okay, part of it was that my wife was having some health issues and we hadn't fucked for a week. But he noticed me gawking at his ass and totally called me out on it when we were alone in the kitchen. And my face got all red which just made him ride me harder about it so I grabbed his ass real hard and told him he knew who it belonged to. And just like that we were both panting a little. We laughed it off.

But I wasn't surprised when he called me the next morning and asked if I wanted to hang out and said, real casually, that his wife was at her mother's until tomorrow. I swear I had a hard on the entire time I was driving over there. I got there and he was in that same pair of shorts and we just kind of laughed at each other, like "We both know what this is about."

But it was still awkward. He had the TV on and the laptop was on the coffee table but I was just like, "Want to just go into the bedroom?" When we go there we started stripping down and we were both getting hard as soon as our cocks came out. And it was totally exciting but in another way it was scary how fast it was accelerating. Like "This is it, we're meeting up just to have sex with each other." 

That was the first time we kissed. And it was totally spontaneous. It felt like something we both decided to do in the moment - like at the same time. "You're a good kisser," he said to me.

"I know," I said. Anything to inject a little levity into the proceedings, even though it was clear that we were both in heat. We sucked each other, first with him on his knees in front of me and then with me on my knees in front of him. And I swear I was so horny I almost came just from jacking myself off while I sucked his cock. Plus it was just the taboo of it, you know? I kept thinking in my head, "I'm a fucking cocksucker." 

That was the first time I ate his ass, too. When he got up on the bed on all fours it just seemed obvious. He had a great ass, all round and firm and tight looking. He moaned like a bitch while I ate him out and it just turned us both on more. He made some joke about farting in my face and I slapped his ass, hard. 

It was a quick fuck, that one, all in all. Lubed up and slid myself in. Fucked him doggystyle for a while then flipped him around on his back and fucked him with his legs propped up on my shoulders. I kept looking in his face, examining his features. "This is my friend," I thought, because it seemed incongruous that we should be like this with each other. But that incongruity just made it hotter. Just like last time, he came jacking himself off and I came in his ass. But we came together this time, and we were making out as we lost our loads. 

Afterward we just kind of collapsed next to each other. Then we laughed. "I needed that," he said.

"Me too," I said. Then, we had a long talk. About what it meant, if anything. And if we were gay. And we basically concluded that the answer to both of those questions was "No." But that we'd certainly found a new level to our friendship that had maybe existed there all along. And was a pretty sweet deal, honestly.

After that things ramped up considerably. I think we fucked at least once a week all that summer and into the fall. Once I tried to take his cock in my ass. It hurt too much and we went back to our original arrangement, which we agreed was working perfectly.

I thought about telling my wife numerous times. Once me and him discussed if we could bring it out in the open and tell them. The thinking was, it was just sex. We were still fucking them. In fact my sex life with my wife felt better than ever - I'm not sure if there was a correlation there, but it was the same for him, too. Like being a little wild on the side made us more open to possibilities in the center. My wife and I were doing things we'd never done with each other. We wondered, could they understand it? Accept it? Would they want to join in? Would that even be enjoyable? Maybe they'd want to eat each other out and let us watch...? 

Well, that thought was all it took to get us going another round. 

Things cooled down over the winter between us, and that felt reassuring. Like, we can still be friends without banging each other any spare moment we get. 

It started out casually, like I said. And it still feels casual, which is, I think, what makes it so great. Sex is such a big deal sometimes. But maybe it doesn't have to be. Maybe it's like nature. Pollen drifting through the air, with no real destination in mind - just landing where it lands.