 This is the story of my experiences with my best friend, Kenny. It is an absolutely true account of events over the years. We have been friends since early childhood and when we were eighteen years old he admitted to each of the close circle of friends that he was gay. We are both now in our mid thirties. I have a partner, and he is single. I have his approval to recount these events as I spoke to him last week and said I was intending to publish the story. I'm glad to say he was keen to read it once it was on the website.

*

I still remember that night after the pub when he was trying to tell me he was gay. Another friend had hinted to me a week or so before but forced me to come to the conclusion myself. He said Kenny wanted to tell me himself and on a couple of occasions in the days that followed I could see he had tried to come out with it, but couldn't bring himself to do it. On that final night, I could see he was doing his best to just blurt it out, so I just said to him;

"I know."

He stopped walking and looked at me. I nodded and assured him that this made no difference to the way I thought of him and I can still see the look of relief on his face. That was around the year 1990.

Over the years I thought about the fact he was gay and I found myself thinking more and more about gay sex. I joined him on a couple of nights out to gay bars and night clubs, where I found myself enjoying the lesbians snogging each other as well as the men. He wasn't really the type of person to go to nightclubs so was glad of the company of an open minded friend to help him explore the scene.

It was a common weekend occurrence for my circle of friends to visit each other on a Saturday night and stay in with some booze and chat through to the small hours, getting more drunk as we went. Occasionally and more so in the earlier years in our early twenties, we would sit together and watch a porn film. This usually only happened when there was just three of us who were the closest. I remember one night in my flat when I was sat on my sofa beside one friend, and Kenny was sitting on the floor beside the sofa. Me and my friend had our cocks out and were gently stroking ourselves, and I remember looking round at Kenny and saw him just staring at my erection. I'm sure that that was before he told us he was gay. It made perfect sense later on though when I thought back to that moment.

In the coming years I would occasionally ask Kenny about gay sex and what he got up to with other guys. I remember him telling me about occasions when he would visit a well known park in Glasgow which is known for gay meets late at night. There was the time he was standing there with his cock out beside three or four other guys while a man was kneeling in front of them and jacking himself off. The guy was simply going along the line sucking them off one by one until they came. Then the time that Kenny was sitting on top of a naked guy who was lying on the grass, with his cock up Kenny's ass, and Kenny jerked himself off all over the guys chest. Sometimes he would go to the park just to watch other guys fucking. Hearing these stories always made my cock hard and I always wanted the details from him.

Things changed in 2000 and a whole new course of events started.

It was October that year and Kenny was round at my place for a few drinks. At the end of the evening he asked me if I had a porn film handy that we could watch. I put it on and we watched some hetro fucking and I asked him whether this turned him on. He said it did, because obviously it showed guys fucking and shooting their loads and I told him that part turned me on as well. I think I was trying to plant a seed in his mind.

I was sitting on a chair separate from the sofa and I turned round to find him with his cock out and slowly stroking it and getting it hard. I was getting a boner myself and trying not to watch him, but couldn't help glancing round at him. I said to him I would join him, so I unzipped and grasped my aching cock and started to wank. After a while I moved across to a seat beside him so we could easily watch the film together. I say that but I really wanted to sit closer to him in the hope that he'd just reach across and touch me.

I started to watch him wank and really look at his cock, which I hadn't seen for years. It looked really thick, and quite meaty, with loose foreskin that slid back and forth over his knob.

He started to watch me too as I wanked myself. It took a while of frantic and slow wanking before I felt I was close to coming. He could see this and he asked if I was going to shoot and if he could watch me come. Sure, I said. 

He stopped beating and turned pointedly to watch me and completely ignored the film which really turned me on. I couldn't believe he was just sitting there about to watch me wank myself off. I was wondering if he wanted to reach across and touch my cock and was hoping he would. But he didn't.

I wanked myself until I felt it quickly build up and stiffened as I shot my load of spunk in front of him. I looked directly at him as I spunked and he was staring at my cock and wanking himself furiously again. He told me he really liked it and said he wanted to come now. He was still looking at my half hard cock as he stroked his cock quickly, then jerked and spurted his spunk all over his hand. He kept jerking and grunting and squeezing his balls as he came. We both sat there saying how great it was to be able to do this together after all these years as our limp cocks leaked their sperm.

It wasn't until May 2001, and after many months of me jacking myself off, and imagining it was his spunk splattering on my chest, I built up the courage to say something to him. We were close enough that we would discuss personal issues and considering the fact that we were prepared to jack off in front of each other, him being gay and me straight, I really should have had no worries about saying anything to him about what was on my mind, but there was still that slight fear there.

I had thought he had wanted more but avoided saying anything for that fear that I was crossing a line that I couldn't go back across. Since the October I had been trying to get him over on the usual Saturday night, but on his own. He was over on Saturday 12th May, and we both got a bit drunk. Him more so. We started looking at the internet, flicking through adult sites, etc. We looked at some gay sites and we were sitting beside each other in front of the desk.

I was panicking slightly as I thought about what to say to him and after some time I just said;

"Kenny, have you ever thought me in that way?"

He kind of looked down and avoided my eyes. It was better than a straight out denial, but it was no real answer. I asked him about the last time we wanked off together and if he had thought then that he would liked to have done anything further. Again he sort of looked around, anywhere but my eyes. I took the plunge.

"Because I have." The change in him was almost electric. He looked up, straight at me, eyes widening, mouth falling open slightly. It was obvious he couldn't believe it, and obvious he was relieved. Extremely relieved. It was similar to the time when I told him that him being gay didn't change anything between us.

I said I had thought about it. He then said he had too.

We talked about how we have thought about each other in 'that' way and then about how we had both thought about doing it to each other. I was glad I got it out in the open. It was such a relief to be able to say it, to find out he thought the same and to find out he wanted to do something more too.

As we talked he asked me if I would mind taking some pictures of him so he can send to contacts he made via email. He had hesitated about asking me and asked if I minded if some of the pics were of him... "hard?" I said. I said I didn't mind at all. I was looking forward to it.

We decided that if we were both okay with wanking each other, we could try it sometime. We finished looking at the internet porn and decided to watch a porn film together and have a wank as we had before. I suggested we set up a time to do it to each other and he said;

"What about now?"

I hadn't realised it would happen that quickly. I said okay, unzipped and pulled my hard-on out of my trousers and stroked it a bit. He followed and pulled his trousers down with his boxers and got his cock out as well. I was sitting on a higher chair beside the sofa and I moved the chair beside him to get closer. I was sitting on his left.

He was now wanking his cock at a steady pace, and I watched for about a minute. I let him do it for a bit then reached across and slipped my right arm over his left arm.

"Move your hand" I said.

He did and I held his hard cock. Christ, it felt so hard. Wider than mine, kind of wide in shape, and the foreskin slipping back very easily over his cock head.

I was wanking my best friend.

It was so intense for me, watching my hand sliding up and down his hard shaft and feeling his hardness and the heat from it. It was a kind of awkward position but I did it. It felt amazing to have another guy's cock in my hand at last.

After a couple of minutes, he reached across over me and took my cock in his hand. It's always a good feeling when somebody else holds your cock, and having his hand round mine was very erotic. We commented on how nice it felt. He then concentrated on my cock and stroked me for a bit. He changed hands and used his left hand on my dick and pushed my trunks down to rub behind my balls. After a few minutes, he said;

"Can I suck it?"

I was taken aback that he wanted to go that far, but very turned on, firstly to hear him say that about my cock, and secondly as it is something I had fantasized about several times. I hesitated though.

"Maybe another time."

After a short while, I felt myself close to coming and he stopped wanking but I was over the edge and told him quickly to wank me again. He held my cock and gently wanked me. And I came. It felt truly amazing. My first orgasm at the hands of my best friend. My spunk shot up and splattered down, running all over his fingers and over my balls onto my trunks. He gently massaged my softening penis through the remnants of my beautiful orgasm. He lifted his hand up and showed me my spunk on his fingers. I stood to get him some tissue to clean up.

After I zipped up and came back from the kitchen after again getting some more tissue I saw him rubbing the tissue with my spunk on it all over his cock head. I reached across again and started to wank him. I wet my fingers and rubbed around the head of his cock and over the tip, and tapped his balls to bring him on.

He was quite drunk and took a long time for him to come. It was probably only four or five minutes but I thought he wasn't going to come then I felt his cock pulse slightly and he groaned and then I felt the warmth of his spunk over my fingers, saw it spurt up and onto his belly. Some even shot onto his shoulder. I liked watching his face as he came, the way his eyes half closed when just before he spurted on me.

He pulled his trousers up and I think he began to realise the enormity of it all, and felt a bit guilty. I said there was no reason to but he left shortly after in a taxi. I asked him to email me the next day about what he thought about it. I heard nothing so emailed him on Sunday at lunchtime. I didn't hear anything until Tuesday when he phoned me (by mistake - he meant to phone another friend). We were in a position where we had to mention it but we both agreed we enjoyed it, talked a bit and left it at that. He emailed me on Wednesday about 1.10am and told me that he agreed with my email, that it was a jack off session with two best mates which went a stage further. He said it was a huge turn on for him. I tell you, I couldn't wait until it happened again.

After the guilt of the first time we got together again quite quickly afterwards and only a couple of weeks after that he came round to my house again, ostensibly for a few drinks and a laugh. We certainly never arranged to meet up to wank each other.

On this next night it went just as it had before, we spent the evening drinking and as time wore on we probably became a bit less inhibited, and agreed we'd like to do it again. I think we had both had hard-ons for some time thinking about it. So, we got a decent hardcore video to watch while we wanked each other.

We both got our cocks out and I quickly leant across and put my hand around his. I didn't see the point in wanking myself for any length of time. We weren't there for that. He did the same and he spat on his hand and wrapped it around my cock again. I liked the feeling of the wetness and his hand gripping my cockhead. I did the same though maybe not as much.

After a while I had leant over him to be directly above his cock and I spat on his knob and wanked him, letting my fingers rub over his wet glans. It was a thrill having my face so close to his penis this time and I wondered what it would be like to have it in my mouth. The thought of having another man's erection in my mouth made my own cock throb. 

I leant forward some more and nudged his cock with my lip and looked up at him. He was watching me.

"Do you want me to do it?" I asked him. He nodded.

I didn't hesitate and just slipped my mouth over his cockhead and for the first time ever had another guy's penis in my mouth. I sucked it for a bit and then lifted off. It didn't feel strange at all, didn't taste strange either, but it felt new, erotic, and very very horny. I was surprised at my reaction.

He then leant across to do the same to me. He had asked the previous week if he could suck it and I was a bit shocked but now I was so horny that I wanted him to suck me. I showed him that I had shaved myself a bit, not totally smooth, but very short. He quickly went down on me and I felt his warm mouth on my dick and couldn't believe I was seeing this.

We did it turn about for a few minutes and as I got a bit bolder I went down as far as I could onto his cock and had his knob right at the back of my throat and felt myself gagging. A couple of times when I was in his mouth, I felt my orgasm building up and told him. I would really have liked to have come in his mouth but I didn't know if he wanted that. I had said to him I liked the idea of him coming into my mouth but was worried about it so he promised he wouldn't.

He spent more time sucking my dick than I did to him. He was obviously more used to it than me. He got down on his knees in front of me and really went at it. It was fucking amazing. He sucked me for a long time. He then slipped a finger under my balls and started rubbing me, getting further under until he was rubbing my asshole, which felt so good. Alternating with this he started licking my balls, starting behind my balls over them to the base of my cock. I'd never had that done to me before. 

At one point I got up to switch off the porno and as I walked back I stood beside him and offered my erection to his face which he took without hesitation. I told him I had wanted to do that last time when we jacked off together months ago. Between me sucking him, I asked him how I was doing, as I was conscious of my teeth grating on his shaft a bit, as I know how sore that can be, but he said I was good at it, which obviously made me feel good.

I got back to jacking him off and when he came it was such a turn on again, feeling his warm spunk shoot out over my fingers. I have had my own spunk all over me before, but there is something about having your friend's sperm on you, running between your fingers, still warm. I asked him about the last time when he wanked me off as I'd thought I'd seen him rubbing the tissue, soaked with my cum, over his cock head. He said he had. I told him it turned me on to think about jacking off and coming over him. As it ended up I did not get an orgasm out of it, and he left, but I knew I'd persuade him to give me a good suck and wank next time. 

It was then June 2001 and another night of drinking at my place. I had spoken to him about 10pm about what happened between us before and I asked him if he was okay with it. We agreed we didn't feel embarrassed or awkward about it. I told him I didn't think about it as being a one-off experience, hoping it wasn't going to be.

Later on as we had a look at websites and checked emails, I said to him;

"I hope you don't mind if I get my cock out just now'" and unzipped and pulled out my hardon. 

We were sitting on two chairs in front of the PC. I wanked for a couple of minutes while we chatted about a web site.

"I'd like to wank you again" he said. I took my hand off my cock and he gently grasped it and slowly wanked me. He then said;

"I really want to suck you again" and I said I really wanted him to.

He bent over and took my knob into his mouth and I watched his lips sliding up and down my shaft. He stood up to go over to a more comfortable chair and as he stood, his bulge was in my face. He unzipped and pulled his cock out right in front of me and I put his erection in my mouth and sucked him for a couple of minutes.

As we both stood, we rubbed our cockheads together, and watched them sliding around on each other, some precum and our saliva making them slide easily against each other. We moved to another two chairs beside each other and masturbated each other for a few minutes, then I went down on him again.

After that we moved through to the kitchen and I leant against the worktop and dropped my trousers to my ankles. I told him I'd liked it before when he rubbed my ass and he obliged, and started to rub my balls, then moved back to my asshole. He was kneeling in front of me and started to suck my cock. I had shaved my hair a few weeks before and was keeping it short. My scrotum felt very smooth with only a little hair above my cock and it felt amazing when he played with my balls.

The pleasure from him playing with my ass was intense. I spread my legs a bit so he could get better access and he started to press on my asshole and I thought he might penetrate. He is an amazing cocksucker and I could feel my orgasm building and I told him. He kept on sucking and I said again I might come soon and told him to stop. The reason for this was that I had come in a girlfriend's mouth years ago and I couldn't feel my orgasm at all and got no pleasure from it. But he looked up at me, still with my shaft embedded in his mouth and shook his head, and kept on sucking as his eyes stared at me.

I told him again to stop and he looked up, stared at me, shaking his head, and kept fingering my ass. I reached down and pushed his hand harder in against me. I felt my orgasm build quickly and then felt the surge from the base of my cock, then felt my cock pulsing and then pumping as my cock shot spunk into my friend's mouth. It was an unbelieveable feeling as I felt the surge through my cock and not worrying about where my spunk was flying.

In a matter of seconds it was over, and my friend took his mouth off my cock and looked up at me and spoke and I thought, fucking hell he swallowed it. He told me he had never swallowed before. We were both a bit shocked that we had gone that far but knew we both enjoyed it. We went back to the chair so I could suck him and wank him off, but in the end he never came, and left for home.

Onto September 2001 and another night of revelry round at mine, but this time there was more people there and halfway through the evening Kenny told me when the others were out of the room;

"I really want to give you a blowjob." I think I sort of laughed at the simplicity of it. My best friend was telling me he'd like to suck my cock as family and friends sat nearby, but by now there was nothing shocking about it. We'd just wait until the others had gone. After another couple of hours chatting to friends, all the while thinking how very soon Kenny's cock would soon be in my mouth and his spunk shooting for me, the people dispersed and Kenny gave some innocuous reason to hang around.
