 It's not easy growing up in a family as strict and religious as mine... For a lot of people, the amount of their personal freedom grows and grows as they get older and more responsible. But with my parents? Even as an 18-year-old, legally an adult, I still got treated like a little kid. Everything was about God and morals and the holy book and it seemed like nothing else mattered. I wasn't allowed to go out very often, I wasn't allowed to curse and I had to go to church every Sunday. It was torture! Every night I would dream about getting out of that house, but my financial situation wasn't exactly perfect. College was supposed to change everything, but I didn't end up getting accepted anywhere, so I basically just hung out around the house, doing small summer jobs, trying to cope. 

The worst part for me, as a horny teenager, was obviously the sex. My parents were under the impression that nearly coming too close to a girl before marriage would condemn me to hell forever. Little did they know though that I was attracted to men, instead of girls! I knew that if they ever found out, all hell would break loose. I intended to keep this a secret until I was very, very far and safe from this house, and there was still time for that. Until then, I had to live with the fact that I was a closeted virgin, and just rely on my good old hand to provide the necessary pleasure every night after the rest of the family was asleep.

But the hand slowly stopped being enough for me. I was craving more - much more. When the house was empty, I discovered incredible pleasure just from playing with my hole. I almost managed to make myself cum a couple of times, just from my finger! I knew that there was much more to discover. I've read a lot about prostate massages and the guys' sweet spot on the internet. There were so many things you could order to help! Dildos, butt plugs, prostate massagers... I wanted to try it all.

I had to be careful with ordering something like that to our house, though... My parents were very suspicious of every single package that was delivered to me and insisted on checking all of them because in their minds it was probably going to be drugs or weapons or something. An anal toy would probably be very hard to explain. I knew I had to get my hands on the package before they did, preferably when they were both at work.

I put my plan in motion on a Friday afternoon and placed an online order for one of those small, beginner-sized prostate massagers. I knew it would arrive on Monday - the day when both my parents had to get up extra early for work and would surely miss the mail delivery. I was a little nervous about the mailman possibly coming early, but since we were on the very end of the block, I wasn't too anxious.

The weekend seemed endless, but then the Monday morning finally arrived. I woke up with the sound of the front door being closed - my dad leaving after my mom did, leaving me in the house completely alone. My heart was beating fast when I jumped out of the bed and bolted straight for the front door.

I saw my dad leaving in his car and disappearing behind the block. Great! Now the only thing I had to do was wait for the mailman. I ate breakfast with a raging boner, restless and impatient to try out my new toy. When I heard the mailman's van pulling up at our house, I almost fell off the chair with excitement. Impatient, I went straight for the front door and waited.

I could see through the window in the hallway that it was our regular mailman. I didn't know his name and never spoke to him, but I felt like I've known him better than anyone else. He was by far the biggest star of my wet dreams ever since I started having them! A buff guy with an army buzzcut of blonde hair, stubble on his handsome jaw, sharp eyes and a beefy body filling up that blue uniform perfectly - short-sleeved shirt and shorts, revealing his thick thighs. The fact that he was delivering the tool I was going to fuck myself with was so weirdly hot that there was no chance of calming down my boner until I got off. I saw him coming to our door with the letters and a small package in his hand - only the package was... oh no...

The package was very clearly displaying the prostate massager on the label, together with a big-ass name of the brand and model name right there on the cover! I could see it from a distance! I couldn't believe it - the website promised to use discreet packaging! My forehead started to sweat as I saw the knowing smirk on his face. Everybody knew everybody - if this news traveled all the way to my parents, I was done for!

I heard the creek of the mail slot on our door open and saw the letters coming in. I should mention here that our mail slot was unnecessary thick - a grown man could have easily fit his forearm up in there. It was actually a cause of concern to my parents - my mom was concerned that somebody could use it to open the door and rob us, so we had to lock the front door every night. The mailman probably decided that the relatively small box would fit through and decided to use that instead of our mailbox.

I saw the letters fall on the floor, one by one before I saw the box being wedged through. Red in the face, I grabbed it, but to my shock, the mailman pulled the box back and let the mail slot close itself shut. I was shocked and confused, but I couldn't possibly open the door to reveal that it was me ordering this. Although it seemed like the mailman figured that out already...

"Gotta say, it's a pretty interesting package you've ordered there, kid," I heard a mocking, husky voice behind the door. A cold sweat washed over me and I felt my fingers shaking. What was he doing? Why was he mocking me?

"I... It's a joke gift. For a friend," I stuttered, but the mailman just laughed.

"Yeah, sure thing, buddy. Everyone's got an excuse. There's no sense in hiding that you're one of those guys who like it up the ass."

I stood there, frozen in fear by his intimidating voice. What was going to happen now?

"I'm a pretty good friend of your dad, you know," the mailman continued, his voice carrying an evil tone, "I think the man of the house should know about what kind of mail is being delivered to his home, don't you think?"

"No," I shook my head, "No, please! You can't tell him! If he finds out, he's gonna kill me."

"Hmmmm, but what to do about our situation then?" the mailman continued to tease me, "You'd have to give me something pretty good to keep my big ol' mouth shut."

I gulped.

"What do you want? I don't have much money, but I can-"

"Keep your stupid money, kid, I'm not interested in that" he interrupted me. I heard another sound - like that of a zipper coming down. Before I knew it, the mail slot was opening again - only this time, it wasn't the box or a letter, it was the mailman's cock!

I gasped as I saw the semi-hard member just hanging out of the hole in our door. God, the mailman was as huge as he was in my fantasies... His dick was nice and veiny, thicker than what I thought was average. The tip was cut with a tiny little bead of precum on the top of it. I was in shock but I still had to admit - it was a beautiful dick!

"Maybe you can suck the silence out of me if you try hard enough, son," he spoke on the other side of the door, "And make it snappy, I've got two more blocks to run."

I stood there, frozen, my eyes fixated on that dick. Surely I couldn't just blow the mailman through our front door! But then again, if I didn't, consequences were going to follow. And who knows who else he would tell? This could turn into a nightmare!

And maybe... perhaps... blowing the mailman wouldn't be the worst thing in the world to have to do?

I guess I spend a little too much time making up my mind because soon I saw the dick disappear back in the slot and heard the mailman speak again.

"Suit yourself, kid... Your dad's in for a big-ass surprise."

"Wait!" I shouted, practically falling to my knees, my face in front of the mail slot, "Wait, I'll do it."

I heard a chuckle from the other side.

"Do what exactly, son?"

I gulped again, mentally preparing myself for this. Meanwhile, my dick was harder than ever, pushing up a huge tent in my shorts. It wasn't just about sucking this guy off - it was about submitting to his will. I was surprisingly okay with it.

"Suck your cock, sir," I said, meekly, "I... want to suck your cock. Please". I heard the shuffling of the pants on the other side again.

"Good boy," he snickered, knowing that he had me in the palm of his hand, as he pushed his dick through the slot once again, "Get on with it, then."

I licked my lips to make them a little wetter and used my fingers to sort of lift up the mailman's cock. He still wasn't completely hard, but I was sure he would be a manner of seconds. I'd never sucked a dick before, but I had fantasized about it a lot. The smell of his sweat was enough to motivate me - it smelled like a proper, working man needing to blow off some steam. I was ready to help with that.

I opened my lips and welcomed a man's cock in my mouth for the first time in my life. It felt... right. More than that, actually - it felt better than any porn I've ever watched or any scene I've ever imagined when jerking off. The salty taste of his skin mixed with the potent aroma of his crotch made me moan around his thick tip. I found myself naturally taking more and more of it in my mouth, eager to experience every inch this man had to offer.

"Wrap your lips around it tightly... that's it..." I heard him groan on the other side, "You've done this before, you little cocksucker, haven't you?"

It was my first time, but hearing those words filled me up with a naughty sense of pride. I swallowed the entire length of his dick, my nose pushing up against the cold metal of the mail slot, and then slowly let it out again. He was almost fully hard this time, and his dick was pumping out a generous amount of precum. It tasted excellent in my mouth and left a lingering aftertaste in my throat - one I knew I would savor for as long as I could. I got my mouth back onto the dick in the mail slot, this time with my lips focusing a little more on the naked tip. The mailman appreciated that with another groan and a soft thud - presumably resting his head on the door.

His dick was fully hard now, filling up my mouth nicely. I knew by this time that I would do more than well enough for him to keep his mouth shut about the anal toy. Nevertheless, I tried my best anyway. My tongue sluttily flapped around his piss slit while my lips sucked onto his tip hungrily. More and more precum was coming - this mailman was obviously pent up for a while. I was wondering how much cum he would have to offer... 

"Fuccckkkk, kid, if I knew you were so good, I would have done this a long time ago," I heard him sigh, his voice all out of breath, "Hold still for now. Let me fuck that face of yours."

I did as he said and tried to suppress my gag reflex as I swallowed his entire length. At first, I was okay, but then he started violently thrusting in and out of the mail slot, viciously pounding my throat, making me gag. I bulged out my eyes and tried as hard as I could to take it, with his hard cock penetrating my innocent throat, smearing his pre-juice all over my gullet. The tent on my own shorts was not intense enough that it created a huge wet spot right on the tip. I was so horny, and all of my feelings of fear and anxiety have disappeared. The only thing on my mind was this man on the other side of the door and his orgasm.

"Holy shit!" he exclaimed, breathing hard as he pulled out of my mouth, "Work it with your hand for a while now, kid. I'm almost there."

More excited than I should be, I grabbed his dick before I even managed to catch my breath from the face-fucking. I started jerking his fat meat, the mixture of my saliva and his precum serving as lube. My mouth was so close to it, I could smell the intense aroma and it was intoxicating. It was hard to believe that I was about to make a man cum for the first time in my life... I couldn't wait to see the geyser this hunk had to offer!

He had different plans, apparently. After I've been jerking him off for a while, he spoke again. This time, his tone was indicating that he was clearly on the edge of an orgasm.

"Put it in your mouth now, kid," he said, panting, "Swallow my cum and the package is yours."

He didn't have to tell me twice... I was so eager to finish the job that my mouth fell onto the tip almost automatically, my tongue working the sensitive piss hole while my right hand continued to stroke him. This was too much for the mailman and I prepared to experience his climax.

"FUCK! FUUUUUUUCKKKK!" he sighed with his voice really deep as his huge cock finally started pumping out the salty reward. The inexperienced me choked on the first rope of jizz that he shot expertly right in my throat. I gagged but more was coming - filling up my mouth and spurting out of my lips, smearing the cum all over my mouth area. I managed to catch my breath and start swallowing the rich liquid, while the mailman let out a couple more cumshots. He let out a deep breath as I gulped it all down and cleaned his cock dry with my tongue.

"Fuck... You little slut..." he said, as he slowly pulled his cock back to his side of the mail slot. I kneeled there, looking at the slot, waiting for that was going to happen now. It opened and my toy fell right in. The prostate massager was finally here, in front of me - but fuck, did it feel so much less exciting now, now when I had seen a real man's dick!

"Have fun with it, kid," the mailman said on the other side, as he was zipping up his pants, "But I think a boy like you could very well handle the real thing."

He chuckled again, as he turned back to his car. He only said one more thing before he left.

"And if you'd like that, you know where to find me."