 My name is Jimmy, I'm 18 yo living in California. I live in an apartment with my parents and my younger brother. I consider myself bi as I do love that of the pussy but I also love sucking cock.

I have been going down on guys for a few years now pleasuring guys that I thought would be discreet. My preference is smooth guys. I don't like those that are considered "bears" or those that even have a lot of hair on their legs and chest.

I have a friend that lives in an upstairs apartment named Steve. Now Steve and I are only friends outside of school as his mom sends him to a private one. Steve and I have been friends for like 4 yrs now and do quite a bit of stuff together. I don't associate with people I know in school so all of my outside activities are spent with Steve.

Now we have spent the night over at each other's houses a lot but have never seen each other naked or participated in any gay tenancy activities. We usually just watch TV and talk about girls and such. The following story is partly true and some is fiction, I will let you decide which is which.

A few weeks back Steve was over at my house as my parents went out with his mom and her date. My brother was in his room and asleep for the night. 

We were doing the typical. Just laying around in the living room watching TV making lewd teenage comments about the hot girls in the show. I had decided that tonight I was going to try and make a move on him as his body had been turning me on for years. 

It was about 2:00 in the morning as I got up to take my nightly shower. I soaped myself up under the hot water trying to calm my nerves. I soaped up my crotch area and carefully and meticulously shaved my cock and balls. After about 20 minutes I had enough and dried myself off trying to figure out how to get myself naked. Even though I had planned what I was going to do I hadn't worked out the details. I wrapped the towel around my waist and proceeded into my room. 

Steve was laying on the bed watching as I came in.

"OK dude your turn, I think there might be some hot water left" I said as I casually walked in as though I always wore a just a towel around him.

Steve got up and went into the bathroom. I wandered around the room thinking what to do next. I got under my sheets and pushed the blankets onto the floor pulling the sheet down my body so that my pubic area was showing but my cock was hiding. This way Steve could see my smoothness without being to forward.

I was nervous as all hell as he came back 10 minutes later but he too came in only wearing a towel. Steve looked over at me and and his eyes made their way over my chest and down lower. He glanced away quickly before turning off the light. I saw him drop his towel and crawl into the other bed as the moonlight shone through the window. 

Steve laid there quiet as I listened to his breathing. It seemed nervous and a little ragged. He actually broke the silence first scaring me out of my thoughts of what to do next.

"So J..," he said.

"Yeah s'up" I replied.

"Mmmm...is something going to happen tonight?" He was nervous.

"What do you mean?" I questioned.

"Well..," a really long pause this time, "when I came in you were practically naked."

"I'm not sure." I was aching with need at this point. I wanted to just run across the room.

"Are you gay?" He questioned.

"Not gay Steve but I am bi." I waited as the silence in the room resumed, "you?"

"I'm not sure," he said, "but I am a little curious."

I took that as a go signal. I pulled back my sheet and made my way over to his bed. My cock was sticking straight out and drooling pre-cum out of my foreskin. I sat.

I could see through the moonlight Steve looking up at me. His covers were only pulled up over his stomach. His smooth sexy chest was begging for my attention. I reached out and ran my hand from his collarbone down to the sheet and back up to his left nipple. I gave it a gentle pinch and it responded like I had just put ice on it. I batted his little hard nipple with my fingertip as I leaned in and took the other in my mouth.

I felt a hand on the back of my head as I gently suckled on my best friend. I felt a little pressure on the top of my head as it forced me lowered. I could smell the fresh scent of body soap as I inhaled his cleanliness. I stood and took my position at the side of the bed so that I could best service my friend. I moved the sheet away.

His cock was circumcised and thin but what it was missing was more than made up for in length. I had seen other cocks before but his was beautiful. He too shaved. 

I reached out and ran my fingers down his shaft and it twitched forcing a pool of pre-cum to form under the head as it lay against his stomach. Steve was watching me intently as I enjoyed his body.

I slid my hand down and massaged his huge dangling balls. Giant orbs confined in a smooth fleshy sack. I marveled at how they moved as I let them go. Gently and slowly I slid my hand between his legs and teased his tiny pucker with my fingertip. Steve's eyes closed and he unconsciously lifted his ass up.

I took just the head of his cock in my mouth, just gently swirling my tongue around it as my finger probed into his crack playing with his most intimate spot. He moaned and his hand was once again on my head. Steve reached over with his other and grasped my swollen member and gently stroked forcing more pre-cum onto the floor.

With a little help from Steve's hand on the top of my head his cock had made it into my throat so I bobbed my mouth on his shaft. Steve was forcing my head up and down his meat stick and was starting to take control. My upstrokes on his cock were a reaction to the pressure on my head as he forced his cock down my throat. I was starting to get uncomfortable as I was starting to loose control of the situation.

As Steve slammed my head down on his length I rammed a finger into his ass forcing him off the bed. I sat up releasing his cock with a loud pop and gasped for breath. I sat on the side of the bed trying to catch my breath with my finger still wedged up his poop shoot. 

"Sorry dude I just got carried away." Steve said.

"It's OK," I got up and walked to the bathroom, "I'll be right back."

I looked through the cabinets and eventually found what I was looking for. I went back to the room my cock bobbing up and down as the pre-cum slick shaft slapped obscenely against my stomach.

I presented my find to Steve. His eyes widened as he ogled the bottle of my mom's hand lotion. 

"What are you going to do with that?" He questioned.

"I'm not going to do anything with it," I answered. 

I crawled on the bed with him presenting my asshole in front of his face. Steve got the message as he squirted the cool cream onto my little pink hole. He massaged it around cautiously unsure how far to go. 

"Push your fingers inside," I whispered.

First one then two. He pumped them in and out as the smell of hand lotion and my ass juice started to fill the room. He pulled them out to add more lotion. This time three. He gently pushed them inside. I heard and loud groan and realized it was me. I reached down and slowly stroked his cock in time to him pumping my ass.

I leaned forward and stroked his cock as it lay against my cheek. My hole was well loosened up as I pulled off his probing digits with regret and anticipation as I knew what was coming.

I turned looking into Steve's eyes as I reached back and lifted up his cock so it's eye could see my hole's darkness eat it up. I lowered my skinny ass down slowly pushing. My head went back as the tremendous pleasure filled me. I could feel the head twitching as it pushed on my prostate. 

More pre-cum leaked out and ran down my shaft. I leaned forward like girls do and put my hands on Steve's chest for support as I slowly fucked his meat with my back end.

I knew neither of us would last long. 

"God dude your ass is hotter than any pussy I've been inside," he said.

Steve put he hands under my ass and held me still as he pounded my tender hole with his invaded fuck stick. I could feel my ass rim muscles being pulled and pushed on every entry and exit of his cock. I could feel it hit my pleasure spot on every upstroke. 

He fucked me with a raw wildness and I was loving it. I could feel it, the sensations in my cock were telling me I was close. I started counting the strokes. First one. then two three four five. Then on the sixth stroke. Steve hit my prostate just right. Pearly streams of cum flew from my cock through the air hitting Steve's face and chest. His eyes flew open to watch the remaining ropes ease out of the swollen slit and slide down the shaft.

Steve dug his fingers deep into my hips as he pounded my ass getting closer by the second. He groaned from deep in his chest as I felt my cavity been filled with hot man seed. He keep fucking me pulling his load out of my hole. He still kept fucking. My ass was tired and sore but he didn't let up. Not long after he filled me with his first load I felt his cock twitch again and he stared into my eyes as he let go of another.

Finally his ass assault was over. As I laid on his chest I felt his cock shrink and slid out of my ass. Cum ran from my pucker like a river and pooled on Steve's crotch area. 

I feel asleep that night in Steve's bed and woke in the morning with him behind me with his greased cock once again sliding in and out of my ass.