 My name is Sam. I have a friend named Paul, and we have been friends since high school. Like any best friend we have had our differences but stayed close through it all. He was a country boy like myself and was stocky with nice muscles. He was a very good looking guy and I loved him like a brother and without him I don't know where I'd be. We are both the same age, 27 at the time. He knew everything about me except this one thing, at least I don't think he does. I'm bi and he is straight and is now married. My deep dark secret is that I am in love with him and I have a girlfriend. My feelings towards him have been this way for the best part of 11 years. I want to tell him and have been very close a few times, but I can't strike up the courage. I think to myself, what would he say? Or do? Does he secretly feel the same? Would this ruin our friendship? Something I don't want to see happen. 

I have done some crazy things over the last few years. This one time I had gotten a picture message which was for his girlfriend at the time, which is now his wife. It was a dick pic from him. Naturally I saved it to my phone and hid it so it couldn't be found. Now I don't know why things are so different with him but I have never had feelings for a guy the way I do him. Everything about him makes my heart skip a beat. From his head to his toes, I love everything about him. He has this manly scent that drives me wild. Now of course I would look at this picture and beat off to it on occasion till it accidently got deleted. He was average size about 6.5 inches and fairly thick but he has huge balls. I'll never forget the time we were wrestling and he got my head in a leg lock and his balls came out of his shorts and were rubbing on face. I had an awkward erection I couldn't get rid of. All I wanted at that point was for him to stick his dick in my mouth and let me suck on it. I had fantasies a lot about the things I wanted him to let me do. 

Until this one night we had never even slept in the same before. He had to deliver a tractor trailer load of stuff to this town one day and asked me if I wanted to come, so I said sure. He made me aware that we might not get unloaded and would have to stay the night to get unloaded in the morning. I did not have a problem with this at all. Well sure enough we got up there and had to stay overnight. We drove over to the closest truck stop and went in to have dinner. After we finished eating we got cleaned up and headed back to the truck to watch some TV before bed. Paul told me his back had been hurting and asked me to take off his boots and socks, which I did. Before I got his socks off he said feet hurt too so I took it upon myself to rub them for him. Now I'm not usually into the whole feet thing. I won't even rub my girlfriends, but I loved his feet for some odd reason. So I rubbed them for about 15 minutes or so while watching something on netflix. I was more worried about him seeing the boner I was sporting in my jeans. We watched TV for about 3 hours. Then it was time for bed and my real fun began. He stood up and took off his pants and shirt, I did the same, then we laid down head to feet sleeping opposite from each other. 

Now beds in sleeper trucks aren't big so we were very close. At some point I woke up during the night and he was snoring. I knew Paul was in his underwear and I couldn't help myself. I reached over and pulled his dick and balls out of his boxers. I played with is erect dick for a little while until I thought he was waking up. We'll he didn't so pulled the covers up and started giving him a bj hoping he would stay asleep and shoot his load into my mouth. As I was getting into it I felt a hand on the back my head. I paused in shock and didn't know what to say to him, then he spoke up and said don't stop. At that point I started kissing up his stomach then to his neck and then to his mouth. We kissed for probably 20 minutes. I have never felt the feelings that I had at that moment in my life. He pushed me back down to his penis where I sucked on it a few more minutes until I worked my way down to his balls.

I put my arms under his legs and lifted them up on my shoulders as I made my way from him balls to his nice ass. I used my tongue and put him into ecstasy and I tongued his hole and jerked him off. He caught me off guard a little as he grabbed me and flipped me over and started sucking my dick as well. I was average about 5.5 inches. I could tell he had never done this before but it didn't matter because I loved him. He kissed is way back up to me and I whispered in his hear that I wanted him to fuck me.

You never know what you may encounter so I pulled some lube out of my bag and handed it to him. He said to me are you sure want this, and I replied never more sure. I had waited what seemed like an eternity for this, and now it all came down to this very moment. I told him that I had never been fucked before so he had to be easy. He lubed us up, grabbed my legs and pressed his big dick onto my tight hole. The more he pushed the more it hurt. He was gentle and slow and when he got it all in, the feeling was indescribable. It was an amazing feeling that I will never forget. As I got used to having his big dick in me, his thrusts got harder. I could feel the truck rocking with every thrust of his hips and I loved the feeling of his balls slapping my ass. It felt like only minutes had passes before he told me he was going to cum. He said I want to feed it to you. He pulled out and started filling my mouth about four time before he stopped. That was the best 30 minutes of my life. He never did get me off but that was OK I got what I wanted. The down side to all this was that I knew I could never have him for myself, but I laid with him in my arms for the rest of the night. 

The following morning we got up and he acted like nothing happened. It felt like my heart was ripped from chest and he said one thing that I will never forget. That never happened. So I did just that. Our friendship never changed and we are still the best of friends to this day. A part of me did die that night because I knew I would never be happy unless I had him and no one, not even my girlfriend could take the place of him in my heart.