 Thomas didn't know if what he was about to attempt would work or not. What he did know was that one way or another he'd either still have a best friend and a night of gay sex or neither.

Thomas at five feet eleven inches and a hundred and seventy pounds quiet athletic who ran daily and was an avid soccer player didn't consider himself gay. He knew he was straight and so did the trail of girls who he explored to their mutual satisfaction but he was curious, so curious that he hatched a plan. 

He planned a night with James his best friend since middle school. They did every thing together even double-teaming a waitress to some surprising results for not only the waitress but for both of them so he trusted James though not enough to outright ask him to experiment.

The plan was for some drinking with chips and dip to go along with the meal maybe a few hot dogs and watching Manchester United hopefully whoop Liverpool. 

Dressed in shorts, a pair of soccer shorts and a tee shirt Thomas heard the front door open from the kitchen. He didn't keep it lock and even if it was James had a key.

"What's up man?" James called as he kicked off his shoes in and walked down the hall.

Thomas heard him kick the shoes in the corner. "In the kitchen." Thomas said.

James was the same height as Thomas with short hair versus his curly hair. They both had brown skin, a gift from his mixed African and Indian ancestry in the case of Thomas in the case of James it was African and Chinese.

"Brought a case," James said setting the beer down.

"It's all good." Thomas set the beer in the fridge. "Head in I'll bring the stuff."

Thomas waited. The match wasn't due to start for an hour. He had something on that once James turned the television on would hopefully at least arouse his curiosity.

They both shared a desire to have two women enjoy themselves to their own male enjoyment. It was hard to find something that was exactly what Thomas was thinking off. Dialogue often sucked and though that wasn't always the point of such a movie it helped build the mood.

Ten minutes in the living room he heard James call out, "What you watching here dude?"

That was his cue. With hard liquor, beer and chips he headed to the living room. He laughed setting the tray down on the coffee table that sat between the couch and the sixty inch LCD screen mounted on the wall.

"Found this when I was browsing."

"Browsing... sure." James laughed. "Where'd you find this?"

Thomas shrugged as he sat handing James the glass.

James looked at the glass of brown liquid but said nothing his eyes on the women. They'd finished their talking and were making out still clothed. He took a sip and sighed. Thomas knew the stuff was good and was potent. He took a sip too.

The scene on the screen was on the side of a road with open fields on either side. The set up was a black woman being picked up by an Asian woman. The black woman's car had broken down on a rural road and supposedly she had no cell coverage. With threatening clouds overhead and rain coming she was glad for the ride but before long the torrential rain started and they pulled over onto a deserted farm since the Asian couldn't see through the downpour to drive.

In the farmhouse was where the action took place. They were out of the car and exploring before the longing of the Asian chick had her kissing her black passenger first to the woman's surprise but then with her acceptance.

It wasn't long before clothes were peeled off and the Asian's face was buried deep in the shaved snatch of her black passenger who moaned with delight. What was good about the video was that the sounds didn't sound dubbed in.

"Dude this shit is hot. If only I can find a sista and an sweet China babe."

The video was one hour long. Each girl took turns eating each other out to sweet orgasms while it stormed outside before the Asian violated the black girl with a strap-on in one hole then another. The roles were then reversed with the black girl going full out on her Asian driver until she was bawling for her to stop as her body was overwhelmed with pleasure.

Thomas caught him. 

James was rubbing his crotch. 

James saw him looking. "What can I say? Sorry dude." He stopped.

Thomas reached over and rubbed his dick through the jeans he wore.

James pulled back but didn't push Thomas' hand away.

Thomas didn't stop.

James stared at him trying to decide. They were best friends. They'd jerked off before even if it was in the same dorm but in separate rooms with him in the bathroom and Thomas in the bedroom or vice versa. 

Thomas continued working him through the fabric. His mouth was dry. He licked his lips. 

James leaned back against the couch and then closed his eyes.

Thomas pressed harder. 

James was rock hard. He could feel him under the pants. He too was rock hard his balls tingling with desire. 

As he moaned Thomas took the initiative and worked the button with his free hand.

James moved his hands off his crotch.

Thomas whose heart was racing with excitement was scared as his friend stood. What was he going to do? Was he going to leave? Was he going to punch him?

James dropped his pants and underwear to his ankles kicking them aside. He stood with his brown manhood ready for action. He was trimmed unlike Thomas who was shaved.

"If you're going to do it let's do it right."

Thomas took the invitation.

James moved in front of him. From his sitting position Thomas took his friend's dick in hand and guided it into his mouth.

The pre-cum was salty but he'd started it and he decided if many girls could do it for him he could do it.

Stroking James' dick while sucking it he listened to him moan with delight. Thomas squeezed his balls as he sucked. One hand was on James' shaft and another was on his balls while he bobbed his head back and forth taking him fully in his mouth each time.

James was big but mostly in girth not length he gauged his friend was about seven inches.

James pushed into his mouth his movements changing. He was cumming.

Thomas tried to ready himself but he was still caught off guard when his first cumshot hit his mouth. He'd promised himself to swallow it but the taste surprised him. 

He swallowed most of it but some of it oozed down his chin.

He wanted James' out of his mouth but James kept his dick in as further spasms shot secondary and tertiary loads into Thomas' mouth.

When James did pull out he was breathing hard as was Thomas.

Thomas looked up at his friend. He'd seen that satisfaction before. He'd done good. Still hard he rubbed his dick.

James wasn't one to stand on ceremony so he kneeled before him and pulled his shorts off. He stared at Thomas as he stroked his dick and rubbed his balls spreading his legs wider.

Thomas was sweating his body glistening as if oiled

James took him in his mouth.

James worked quickly stroking and sucking hard. It was somewhat painful at first for Thomas but he suspected James just wanted to get it over with but as Thomas got closer and closer to shooting his load James slowed down. He started taking him deeper in his mouth. He stopped stroking him and squeezing his balls and put his hands on Thomas' thighs bobbing his head up and down.

Thomas pushed up to meet James' head coming down. His eyes closed his lip between his teeth he fought to hold back the sounds that were trying to come from his throat. He could only try for so long until like his cum he could hold it back no more and shot his load into James' mouth.

James took it all down not spilling a drop sucking him until even the residual cum was devoured.

It wasn't obvious what was next but James was still erect. He probably recovered while Thomas enjoyed himself his erection driven by Thomas moaning.

"It's in the drawer," Thomas said.

James pulled the drawer and found the lube. He took a deep breath. He didn't say anything. This was going all out now.

Thomas got off the couch and lay on the floor. On all fours his ass up and face down on the carpet he waited.

The lube was cool on his ass. He heard James slathering it on his dick and then some more on Thomas' ass.

Thomas closed his eyes and licked his lips. His heart thundered in his chest. He didn't know what to expect.

James put more lube on rubbing his finger around his anus.

Thomas relaxed.

James pushed his finger in less than half an inch just teasing before an inch went in.

Thomas moaned loudly. It felt better when it came out. Each time he felt his muscles instinctively expel it.

James continued to ready him for it. Soon a whole finger was moving in and out. 

Thomas, his dick flaccid opened his eyes and eyed it a stream of cum James missed drizzling out his dick.

One finger became two then no fingers instead James' head.

James lay his head on Thomas' virgin ass and pushed slowly the pressure building until the flared hard head pushed pass his anus into his rectum the remainder of his shaft following.

Thomas breathed slowly his muscles tightening around James but he couldn't expel him.

James hands on both cheeks began to stroke him slowly then with increasing enthusiasm. He dug his fingers more into his flesh breathing harder with each stroke.

There was a mixture of pleasure and discomfort for Thomas but it was soon over.

James came again.

Thomas felt the cum fill his ass. It was warm. Three more thrust deep into him made him wince as James emptied his load yet he didn't stop he still moved until all of the spasms went through him and then he finally pulled out.

Thomas couldn't hold the fart back and cum oozed out down the inside of his thigh. He rolled on his side and looked up at James who stood over him his dick quickly going soft.

"Guess it's my turn," James smiling. "Be gentle."

Thomas smiled back.

James laid on his back his legs up. Thomas was looking forward to riding his ass but for some reason seeing him lying welcoming him got him harder quicker.

James pulled his legs back. 

Thomas lubed his cock and then James. They were out of lube by the time Thomas was done lubing James' ass as liberally as he could.

He didn't finger James instead he put his head right on his anus and pushed until he yielded and he was in.

James' eyes widened his mouth open then he seemed to frown. Legs up he rubbed his balls as Thomas began to stroke him slowly.

James was tight. His ass was much tighter than any girl Thomas had ever fucked. So much so that Thomas didn't think he would last long even though he'd already climaxed for the evening. He paced himself. 

James closed his eyes.

Thomas did the same. He picked up his pace pushing deeper rewarded by James' grunts and sighs with each thrust and pull.

He took longer than he thought. In fact in the end he just wanted to keep fucking his friend instead he couldn't resist the release and let his seed spill in his buddy's tight ass.

He groaned loudly but unlike James instead of multiple thrusts to empty himself he sent one last thrust into his ass and held it until the waves stopped and he pulled out with an audible pop.

Cum oozed out onto the carpet.

They lay in silence for some time before James spoke. "Dude how long have you been planning to fuck me."

Thomas turned to him. There faces inches apart.

"A while. Ever since..."

"The waitress."

Thomas nodded. 

"Dude that night I would have been game too. That shit was hot. Think that bitch would have liked it too. Think she would have pegged us if we'd given her the chance."

"Didn't want to try it with anyone else." Thomas smiled.

"Dude that's so gay."

"Says the guy with cum dripping from his ass."

"Look whose talking?" James shot back.

"The match is starting soon."

Sitting on opposite ends of the couch they watched the match end in a scoreless draw. It was late and Thomas said. "You should stay here. I don't think you should drive."

"Why? So you can bugger me again?"

"No. You'd want some in return and my I don't think I'll be doing that for a while."

"Good. Besides you outta lube."

"Yea but my hand and mouth don't need lube."

"Jeez never thought I'd be doing this but if we're going to have a session might as well go all out. Let's get that video up again."

Still naked from the waist down Thomas stood and selected the video from the memory card on the television.

James smacked his ass."

"Hey."

"You know you like it."

"Apparently not as much as you." Thomas could see James' hard on growing. His mouth was dry but a few seconds on James' cock and he wouldn't have to worry about that.

The video started again and he sat next to James' taking his shaft in his hand and the cycle began again.