 I'm getting ahead of myself there. Let me introduce our passionate duo first. I am a playful, curious, and down-right horny brunette young adult. I have always considered myself straight, but there is one man whom I have always fantasized about. Simon is a meek blonde, who also could have a fiery temper when provoked. He never really dated anyone, and as things progressed between us, it seemed only natural that we experiment. I have always masturbated a lot, but when I do I don't considered myself gay although I'm thinking about things Simon and I might do with each other. We play a game we invented called, "don't be a fag." I know that is sounds terrible, but were very naive when we invented it, but it worked for us. It worked to create the moments that got us to this story. I am always getting-off from the "wrongness" of it all. It would have been terrible if I was caught doing anything sexual with him. My whole family would probably disown me, but I couldn't help myself when these perverted thoughts crept into my head—Simon is my best friend after all! We had always been mates. Growing up in nearby flats, I had pretty much gotten to know everything about him. 

Our parents trusted us alone, because we were boys, and boys simply don't do sexual things with other boys. That was the Christian motto. Maybe never formally verbalized, but that was it. We didn't know any girls our age, and it was a time of hormonal change. All it took to set us on the path of sin was discovering our father's stash of adult magazines and videos. We grew up looking at each other's stolen porn. The picture of girls, girls and guys, girls and girls, it was a fruitful time of innocence. We were horny boys growing up, so sometimes things became interesting.

It was on the evening following my eighteenth birthday. I was feeling depressed because I had done anything fun the day prior. I frankly didn't have many friends at that point in my life. My one and only friend, my best friend, wasn't going to be in town for another week. He had gone with his parents on a vacation. It really wasn't fair, I thought: I had helped him celebrate his eighteenth birthday six months ago. Maybe it was that we were so close in age that family and other friends often thought we looked like twins, only one boy blonde, and the other brunette. Now I was a man by state qualifications. I could smoke and I could go to war. I wanted to party and meet girls. Honestly, I wanted to fuck a girl. I had never done that. Not yet anyway. I had ate Sarah's pussy that one time. She tasted like strawberries and cream. I imagined the strawberries, she provided the cream. But other than a taste of dessert, I would have counted myself as a virgin. I know what I said about the horny boys growing up together, but those times certainly never amounted to anything I'd call sex. While these thoughts of lust were arousing my member, I suddenly heard a knock at the door.

He was standing there in the doorway. His hair was as wet as his clothes. It was raining out, and he stood in the doorway dripping wet. 

"Happy birthday," he said.

"What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be on vacation with your parents?" I asked. 

"Yeah, but we came home early. I don't want to talk about it." He said earnestly, and in a strange voice.

At this point I invited him inside. After he dried off, we talked for a bit. His parents were fighting. Talking about divorce. He changed the subject abruptly and asked if I wanted to play truth or dare. It was an odd request, but for some reason I didn't want to reject it. In fact, considering my previous wonton boner, I perked up (so to speak) to some dirty subconscious desire now stirring as we spoke. I accepted his proposal and we stripped to our underwear. This had been customary in previous games, but we never went beyond that whitey-tightly boundary, but tonight was different.

On this summer evening of horn-dog private time we invented a new game. This game evolved on its own. It was only dares. It started somewhere a few turns into the original truth or dare game and then after neither one of us seemed to want a truth. The idea would be to write the dares on little notes and take turns randomly picking them up and reading them out loud. The dare was unavoidable, whatever you read from your little note was the thing you were going to do. It became a competition of determination. Neither of us were willing to back down from a challenge and wanted to see what kind of limits we could find. Most of the dares we each began to write on the notes mostly solo dares. At least, mine were. I did get brave and I wrote a few double dares: that meaning we both did the dare together. My double dares were to kiss each other, rub our each other's dick through his underwear, and dry hump. 

The game ensued and we were drawing dares like: "kiss", "play with yourself", "flash the other", "reach your hand down his underwear and touch the other boy's dick", "touch his butt" , "copy a pose from a naughty magazine", and "make a fake moan." Nothing naked, nor overtly sexual. Although, when he drew the "reach your hand down his underwear and touch the other boy's dick" note and we performed the task, my man-meat sprang to life. I hardly felt my body's response to his touch because I was in awe at the flesh held in my own hand. His member was rock-hard with a few soft veins. It didn't seem as long as mine, maybe only seven inches, nor was it very thick. It was a quarter size if you'd grip a coin around the circumference. Mine was probably eight inches long and silver dollar thick. But it was the smoothness of his skin that surprised me the most. He was baby soft and shaven. We squeezed our hand around the other person's genitals and stroke like we'd stroke our own. It had to be one minute, then we'd resume the game and be done with the awkward closeness. He stroke me slow, to the point I barely felt it, but I was so focused on the sensation of his cock pulsing in my hand for me to notice. The alarm sounded, and when I withdrew my hand a little tickle caught the side of my face. I swiped my tainted hand across my cheek to scratch it when I felt the warm goo sticking to my fingertips, and in a moment of horror and sexual intensity I inadvertently smeared a streak of it across my bottom lip. I could taste it before I even puckered my lips together. It was terribly salty and almost bitter. It was in that moment I felt mortified he knew what I had just done, but honestly I don't know if he even knew the response his dick had made to my touch. He was himself quickly scooting away, adjusting his posture, and trying not to look at me. Maybe I had dribbled on his hand as well, so I thought, looking down at the bulge in my underwear, there was indeed a moist spot darkening the cloth. 

It was a few more turns into the game, when I pulled a card of his making: "suck dick" it said. I didn't know how to respond, I was in shock. I hadn't expected him to write anything that erotic! "Well?" he said, looking at me queerly and removed his underwear. 

"ok, but no more than a minute" I reluctantly said, half wishing I could spring on this opportunity to explore my new life as a man, no longer a boy fantasizing about dirty forbidden desires. 

He laid back on the bed and I awkwardly climbed on top of him. I crawled from his feet up to his hips. I adverted my eyes from his gaze. I tried to look elsewhere, but all I could focus on was his hard thin dick. It was smaller than mine, and as I had learned accidentally, he had released a clear seminal fluid that made the surface of his skin tacky the moment I grasped a hold. 

I quickly darted my mouth around him and began sucking him off. The entire width and length of his member fit easily into my mouth. I had a mouthful of that bitter and salty taste; how much pre-cum could he produce? For what felt like an eternity that doesn't last long enough when you wish back onto it, I slobbered his shaft from top to bottom. I felt dizzy and I could taste only the warm sourness leaking from his pee-hole. I gagged a little when I went too far down and quickly surfaced for air. 

"That's enough," he said. 

I climbed off of him, wiped my clean hand across my mouth and acted disgusted. His eyes were glazed over, and he stared at me the same way he had when he was standing in the rain. 

"Do you want to stop playing?" he asked sourly, to which I quickly replied, "no" almost stammering. 

"If we stop now, you've one up me, I had to suck you off and dammit, it's my birthday, you better suck me at least," I said in a jesting sort of way. 

He grinned slyly and said "well, I suppose a blow job would be the ultimate gift, but I've got to draw the dare or you'll just have to be the only fag here." 

The word "fag" came out forced and his voice choked when he said it. I felt like I had offended him somehow, but wasn't sure what had all just happened. I wanted to say something that might continue the game without causing anymore weird conversation between us in this manner, instead, I said, "It wasn't like I wanted to do it, it was a dare, it doesn't count." 

To my relief, we stopped talking, and he drew the next dare. It wasn't anything to gawk at, nothing worth mentioning when compared to what had just happened. The game continued this way, uneventfully until he drew a little card that I had coaxed along.

During the queer silent turns, we inadvertently rubbed the front of our genitals, and both of us found ourselves playing the game in the nude. At one point, he got up and went to the restroom. I quickly began peeking at the notes in the pile, looking for more dirty dares that he had wrote. I found one that caught my attention: "Copy the sex acts in a porno." 

This was it! This was the dare to end all dares, but only if one of us drew it. I quickly began culling some of the solo dares hoping he wouldn't notice when he got back. To my outstanding luck, he not only didn't notice, he drew the prized dare upon the next draw.

I put in a film that had a mixture of sex scenes. It was probably over ten hours long, including plenty of girl-girl scenes: my favorite. We decided to fast forward the video to a random spot and do everything the two girls were doing at that spot in the video. We'd copy the sex acts as closely as we could being members of the opposite sex from our film doubles, but we were bound to enacting it as true as we might. Furthermore, we set a timer that we agreed wasn't too short for this dare, but wasn't any longer than we wanted to admit we would have liked. The timer was set for five minutes and we stopped the VHS and hit play. 

Two sexy and sweaty girls were heavily engaged in an act of 69. One moaned loudly as she buried her tongue into the cootchy of the other, and the other girl drilled her with two fingers. I looked over at my friend for confirmation and saw his eyes meet mine in silent understanding. He seemed to want to try it as much as I now wanted to try it. He told me he wanted to be the girl on the bottom, and laid back onto the sofa. "What about the fingering?" I asked, referring to the girl on top who seemed like she was digging for gold in her receptive partner's cunt. 

"What about it?" He answered casually, then added, "I guess you'll have to put a finger or two in me." 

I didn't say anything more; instead, I mounted him just as the girl was positioned in the movie. Before my head even lowered, I felt his lips wrap around my dangling hard-on. I'm not sure I didn't shoot my load right there and then, but I didn't. A moan nearly escaped my mouth, so I suppressed it with his cock. His knees rose and his ass became more accessible. Our position was identical to the girls in the movie, but we weren't really moaning, and I hadn't yet put my fingers in him. He stopped sucking, and shyly admonished me for not following directions. I spit on two fingers, my pointer and middle, then pushed them into his rear. He convulsed a little, and his penis swelled. I resumed my sucking along with the fingering, and he resumed his sucking. His asshole was warm and tender feeling inside. My fingers felt crammed together, so I tried to wiggle them apart. This caused his penis to pulse and tremble in my mouth. Three minutes into this, the girls switched positions. They sat up, wrapped their arms around each other and rubbed their cunts together. We stopped 69ing, sat in a similar manner, and pressed our ass cheeks, balls, and dicks together as if we might instead have vaginas. We rubbed against each other in a clumsy way, trying to stroke our dicks while they pressed together. 

We were both hard: I don't remember ever being harder than at that exact moment. But it didn't last, not in the least. When our video timer ran its course, we jumped away from each other like the other had the plague. We didn't play anymore that day, we just got dressed in an awkward silent way. He left and I was alone. I masturbated until that level of euphoria that crescendos the orgasm washed over me, and my hand felt the warm goo spit up. It squirted higher than usual and hit my nipple. It was after this period that I began to think about him and me performing some gay sexual act whenever I touched myself.

Years later we played the game again. We were living on our own now, sharing a place for cheaper rent. Neither of us were dating anyone, although I had been with a girl a few months prior. Her name was Melissa, and she loved giving blow jobs, but never let me put my dick between her legs. I was still a virgin in that respect. It was over the course of our dating that Melissa decided things weren't working out, and so we broke up. Now I was a bachelor living with my bachelor friend and we talked constantly about fucking girls and getting pussy even though neither were having any luck in the reality of the thing. 

This time, when we started up the game, it was after we had been drinking for a couple of hours. After our usual horny abatement, I concluded we should watch a porn while we partied. He agreed, and put a film in that had a lot of guy and girl, double penetration gang bang stuff. We had a few more drinks before he said, "Remember your eighteenth birthday?" 

"Yeah, what about it?" I said; my cheeks instantly glowing red from the alcohol and the memory.

"Well, what if we play that game again?"

"Yeah, that'd be alright," I said slowly, "what if we up the ante so-to-speak?"

"What are you thinking?"

"Let's agree to a dare, but it's the only dare we can back down from if we want"

"Ok"

And that was it. 

That was all it took to mutually agreed to add the most forbidden dare we could imagine. The dare was bluntly worded—"Fuck." The dare would be the last boundary of friendship. We'd become a part of some hormone-driven fraternity if either one drew that dare. We never fully discussed the course of the dare, but each felt we had our own implications for what was expected. Despite the brazenness of our inebriated ambitions, we never drew the dare. 

The game saw us strip naked, playing with each other's exposed dicks, occasionally sucking the other, and even a few times we innocently tried to get our dicks inside each other's asshole, but our virgin-drunken foolishness told us nothing of lube so we failed at that. 

Finally, the dares led to us sucking each other for an extended amount of time. Being both drunk and horny, we decided to 69, just like we had done before. We rolled some dice and determined we'd 69 for ten minutes straight, however, we forgot to set the alarm and we ended up sucking dick on the couch for nearly an hour.

We were both naked, so he laid back on the couch as before, but rather mount myself directly over top of him, I rolled to the side of the couch and offered that he turn sideways as well. He obeyed and laying so close to one another with his penis touching my lips and mine on his. He started sucking and exploring the length of my stiff. I took a deep breath and welcomed his hard stiff into my mouth. We got lost in the excitement and the pleasure, but when the trance ended, it ended in dual ecstasy. I don't remember who climaxed first, but it happened so quickly that we did it in near unison. I gulped and tried not to swallow. I must have feared it'd be the end of the world or something if I did. It would certainly be a "fag" thing to do, which meant I had lost the game. My hips were bucking and tears were welling up in my eyes. His hand stroked me and he sucked me dry. I also kept his member in motion on and over my tongue while he too drained every drop into my mouth. We each sat up in silence and sat there looking surprised and anxious toward the other.

His wad floated around on my tongue as I tried to furtively swish it in my mouth. He seemed to be hesitating in a similar fashion. Neither of us wanted to admit we had sucked up cum into our mouth. We must have thought that somehow the other hadn't known that he had had an orgasm. Seeing a moment pass in hesitant silence, I suddenly swallowed not knowing what else to do. It was a "fag" sort of thing to do, and I was forfeiting the game but for some reason it seemed like that was what I ought to do. The thick goop slid off the back of my tongue and down into my throat. I gulped hard and overly apparent. 

Then he started laughing. 

I was in mortified at first, not sure what I had just done, but quickly realized that he was laughing at our inexperience. It also passed my consciousness that he was in-fact laughing. Because of this new revelation, I knew that he too had resolved his "fag" situation the same as I had, so I laughed with him.

The party night ended with that, and we didn't talk about any of it for years after. Eventually we both started dating seriously, and hardly hung around at our flat. We still shared the place together, and still drank and watched porn, but it was on rare occasions. There was hardly a time when either one of our girlfriends would be hanging around or it was just a "guys only" night. 

But one night, we found ourselves in that very rare predicament. Somehow, after drinking and watching porn again. The movie was a girl getting ass fucked and sucking cock in repetition. "That's hot," I said pointing to the TV.

"Yeah, I'd do that if I were a girl," he meekly said, then added, "why can't girls I know be like that?"

"That's probably one of the gayest things you have ever said"

He blushed, smiled, then frowned when he retorted, "not the gayest thing you have done!"

"Or you," I added and reached over and playfully touched the bulge through his jeans. This started a conversation about previous cabarets of debauchery. It started with the usual talk about the girls, fantasies, masturbation, and then we started reminiscing about our past exploits together. "Do you ever wonder what anal sex would feel like?" He asked, not really paying attention to his own words. "Yeah," I confessed, then feeling a little dizzy, I added, "I have my girlfriend's dildo." He smiled and nodded, but said nothing.

I wasn't sure how to take that as a response, but I added, "I also have lube." 

"Have you ever used it-or had it used? You know, on you?" He queried.

"No"

To this, he replied, "Good," and he rounded the conversation to our game. The porn movie had two girls spitting cum back and forth between their mouths after blowing two guys who had fucked them orgy style. I began to strip down to my underwear, Simon followed suit and tore paper into little notes. He suggested we use the toy to our disposal and make it the most hard-core "gay test" we could stomach, "After all," he said, "If you end up with a dildo in your ass, then you're a fag." I eagerly agreed, but had to add, "Just because you put a dildo in your butt, doesn't make you gay." 

He handed me a pen and some paper and said, "I'm going to write a dare for that toy of yours, do you mind?" 
