 Chestnut Falls, 1951

It was Friday evening and Buddy and I were hanging out in his bedroom reading comic books. That day after school, the two of us had been getting a soda at Hadley's when our friend, Stretch, asked us if we had seen the latest issue of the Atomic Avenger. Buddy and I couldn't believe we hadn't and we ran to the drugstore as fast as we could, eager to get our hands on it. We couldn't wait to get to Buddy's house, charge upstairs, lock the door and sit in silence as we read the latest adventure.

It was awesome! I finished first, Buddy was a page behind me. I waited for him, holding back my excitement. The seconds ticked like hours. Finally, Buddy closed his comic and looked up at me, his eyes wide and his mouth nearly agape. "That was the greatest one yet!" He cried.

I laughed. "Wasn't it though?!"

Buddy jumped to his feet, the adrenaline still pumping through him. "When he thought he had Dr. Mayhem once and for all, had him in his grasp, only to realize it wasn't Mayhem at all, but — his own brother!"

I jumped up from the floor. "And then when Mayhem had him trapped in the glass box, he was struggling to break free and then his brother came back for him! I thought for sure Mayhem had destroyed him!"

"So did I!!" Buddy cried.

I loved these moments, the afternoons and evenings when it was just Buddy and me. Excited and eager, when we could just goof around over comic books. Or when we'd sit quietly together in the dark listening to the horror programs on the radio, those were my favorite nights; Buddy always knew I got scared, more than him, and he'd put his arm around me and we'd listen to the end.

A pounding came through Buddy's bedroom wall. "Will you boys please keep it down in there, I'm trying to fix my hair for my date tonight with Steve Andrews." It was Caroline, Buddy's annoying older sister.

Buddy went to the wall and gave it a couple pounds back. "Oh quit griping, can't you hear we're celebrating a victory in here?"

I laughed. Watching Buddy and Caroline bicker was a usual occurrence at his house.

"Don't tell me you're reading those silly comic books again?" Caroline chided through the wall. "Honestly, you would think that eighteen-year-old boys would have outgrown such kid stuff."

"Oh, pipe down," Buddy called back. "Gee whiz..." Buddy walked over to his bed and plopped down. The moment had been ruined. Caroline was always doing that; she thought she was so mature now that she was attending State University and was constantly nagging at Buddy and I to grow up. What did she know? Buddy and I would be at State University next year, but until then, she could go fly a kite.

"Well, now what do you want to do?" I asked.

"I don't know," Buddy replied. "It's Friday night, I guess we could go shake my old man for some dough and head down to Hadley's; a burger and fries would be good."

It did sound good, but I remembered Buddy's mother downstairs. "Wasn't your mother cooking dinner when we arrived?"

"Oh yeah," Buddy remembered. "Well, maybe we can go out later then."

Music began to come through the walls. Caroline must have started playing her records. "Hey!" Buddy called. "You think you can keep it down in there, I can't hear myself think."

"Oh honestly," Caroline replied. "Stop being such a child."

Buddy laughed. He loved driving his sister nuts. He lie on the bed, staring at the ceiling with his arms behind his head. I couldn't help but stare.

Buddy and I had been friends for years, we grew up together, went to school together, we did everything together. He was my best friend. But only recently did I begin to feel something more for him, something deeper. There had been something I wanted to tell him, something that had been burning inside me that I wanted him to know, but I was afraid of what he'd say. A couple of times I'd had the opportunity to tell him, once on our walk home from school, another while we waited for the movie to start last Saturday afternoon. But something was always interrupting, or I'd lose my courage.

But this was different. Tonight we were all alone, in his room. There wouldn't be any distractions. I crept slowly over to his bed where he lie, gazing at him. My heart was pounding and my stomach felt like it was filled with butterflies. It had felt like that all afternoon, actually. I think it started back in May, the butterflies, just like that. One day nothing, and the next — Bam! Whenever Buddy came around they'd be fluttering around inside me. And it had only been a few months since I caught myself thinking, "He is so cute."

Lainey Briggs had approached Buddy and I one afternoon while we ate lunch in the school cafeteria. She was a nosey and prissy girl and I knew she had a crush on Buddy, something I admit made me a little jealous. "Excuse me boys," she said in that wretched, nasally voice of hers. "Buddy, I was curious to know if you had plans next Saturday night? I'm having a party at my parent's house and I'd be honored to have you attend."

Buddy looked at her. She was pretty, and she prided herself on style and looks, but everyone at Madison High knew she was of the high maintenance sort. "Uh, Saturday? That sounds fine, I suppose, but, uh, what about Leroy here? Is he invited?"

Lainey made a face. It was obvious that I had been the first item on her 'Get Rid Of' list in her pursuit of Buddy. "Leroy?" She replied. "Oh, well, Buddy, you see, uh, I'm inviting only a certain number of girls and a certain number of boys...If I invited Leroy it would throw everything off, you understand."

I was crushed. I didn't like Lainey at all but I was still hurt. Not only had I not been invited, but I overheard Lainey's absurd and insensitive excuse for my not being invited as if I wasn't present and sitting right in front of her.

Buddy flashed me his crooked smile and looked into my eyes. The butterflies were already there. Without giving Lainey a single look, he said, "Oh, Saturday? Yeah, I can't. Sorry Lainey; my buddy and I are busy that night. We have plans." He was grinning at me.

Lainey didn't say anything. She just turned and walked off.

I sat there staring at him, as he sucked on the straw of his drink, eyeing me mischievously. His grin playful and boyish. I heard myself say it in my head, "He is so cute." And he was. He was cute, he was caring, and I was the luckiest guy in the world. Because he was my best pal.

In his bedroom, with my stomach churning, I approached his bed where he lie. "Hey, um, Buddy," I started weakly.

"Yeah," he replied, still staring at the ceiling.

"I — I was just wondering," I quivered.

"Hey Leroy," Buddy came to life. "You think the Atomic Avenger will ever reveal his true identity to Margot?"

I stopped. I wasn't prepared for more Atomic Avenger talk. I lost my courage.

"Uh, I don't know," I replied. "May — Maybe..."

Buddy let out a long sigh. He must have still been reeling over the latest adventure, his brain carefully going over each and every page all over again.

"That would be great," he added. "I wish he would. I mean, why hide, right?"

I smiled. "Right."

Buddy looked over at me. "Hey Leroy," he said, a change in his tone. "There's been something I wanted to tell you." He sat up on his bed, swinging his legs over to the side. "Come here."

I hesitated. I was not expecting this. I shuffled over to where he sat and took a seat on his bed next to him.

"What's up?" I asked trying to sound calm and cool.

"You're my best friend, Leroy," he said.

"You're my best friend, Buddy," I replied, smiling.

He placed his hands on his knees and let out another sigh. I looked up at him — he was nervous.

"Hey!" I said concerned. "Is everything all right, are you ok?"

Buddy quickly looked at me. "Leroy, I love you."

I froze. I think I had my mouth open and my eyes widened. I couldn't believe it. Buddy stared at me, his eyes locked on mine.

I smiled. "Buddy, I love you!"

Buddy grabbed my hand, holding it tight and leaned over and kissed me. He pressed his lips to mine and in that incredible moment everything lit up. The room seemed brighter, fresher, Caroline's Tommy Dorsey music was heralding through the walls, Buddy's hand was warm and I was melting. His lips were soft and perfect, I could smell him and I swooned.

After a moment we broke apart and looked into each other's eyes. I was smiling, and I could see Buddy's crooked smile spreading across his face. He was trying so hard to hold back, to keep from jumping to his feet again. Instead, he leaned in again and kissed me. He released my hand and brought his hands up to my face, holding me as he enjoyed my lips. Suddenly, I felt his tongue pushing through my lips and into my mouth. I brought my hands to his waist and held him. I allowed his tongue to pursue me further and I brought mine to his.

My head was swimming and my heart was racing. Both of us were running out of breath but we didn't stop, we couldn't. Our embrace became tighter and both of us dropped onto the bed. Our lips were locked and there was no satisfying them.

My senses were alive and fully charged. His lips were the best thing I'd ever tasted, he was the best I'd ever smelled, and his embrace was the most wonderful thing I'd ever felt.

As our legs dangled over the side of the bed, Buddy kicked off his shoes and I felt him removing mine. I ran my fingers though his gorgeous, thick brown hair, pulling him closer to me.

"I want you," Buddy whispered through our kiss.

I felt something swell within me. "I want you too," I replied. And I did; more than I knew.

I don't know what came over me; there was something inside of me compelling me, urging me to pull Buddy up from the bed, to lift up his shirt, pull it off and toss it aside. He was built beautifully. For years I had watched him grow; the summers we spent swimming at Crystal Lake, our afternoons in the showers after gym, I would gaze at his body. He was smooth and lean, and had just enough muscle to exude the strapping masculinity I craved. He leaned in again, hungry for my kiss. I ran my hands over his chest and up his arms while we made out.

His kiss was quickly building up my appetite. I moved my lips over his neck, and down his chest, kissing his pecs. I sucked on his pink nipples and they hardened in my mouth. I moved eagerly to his arms and planted kisses all along his biceps, lifting up his arm, moving my lips over the thick, tight muscle and breathing in the fresh, masculine scent of his hairy armpit.

Buddy's head had fallen back and he reveled in my seduction. And still I wanted more. I had his kiss, his lips, his chest, his muscle, but still I craved more. I didn't have to think, I didn't have to wonder, my heart knew what it wanted, my urges were purely primal and instinctual. I dropped to the floor on my knees and began to tug at Buddy's pants. Buddy looked down at me smiling, propping himself back on his elbows.

I unzipped his pants and pulled them down to his ankles. When I looked back up I was met with an incredible sight. Buddy was naked, lying on the bed before me, his legs open and flanking me, inviting me in closer. Between buddy's thighs hung a thick, heavy piece of meat and a nut sack that I could have tongued for days.

I broke away from this beautiful sight to look up at Buddy. His eyes were gazing into mine. I grinned when I saw his crooked smile and knew this was how it was meant to be. It couldn't have been more perfect. I couldn't wait to satisfy my best pal.

As gently as I could, I gave the tip of his penis a soft, tender kiss. His dick bobbed with delight. I smiled. I stuck out my tongue and traced it all along his shaft. Buddy let out a soft moan and dropped his head back. He had an incredible length, my mouth watered as I tasted every inch. As my head moved closer to his groin I could smell his musk, strong, and aphrodisiacal.

Slowly, I opened my mouth. I wanted to take him in completely. I placed a hand around the base of his cock and guided it into my yearning mouth. His dick landed on my softened tongue where it escorted him inside where I was waiting patiently, warm and moist. I wrapped my lips gently around his girth and began to suck. Buddy moaned.

He was magnificent, his dick filled my mouth completely as if it were made just for him. I moved my head back and forth, slowly going down on him, sucking on him passionately. Buddy dropped his elbows and lie back on the bed, basking in my oral pleasure. I found a comfortable rhythm in my blowjob and moaned through his hard-on with satisfaction. I delighted in feeling the ridge of his dick's helmet move along the roof of my mouth, his soft underside against my tongue, and the ultimate enjoyment of his manhood firmly lodged into my face.

I loved him so much I could've done this forever. It felt so right, so natural, to suck on his dick. He was my best friend and I would have done anything for him. I pumped his shaft as I made out with the head. Buddy's hips began to thrust and he placed a firm hand on the back of my head. I took this as encouragement and I continued sucking with unwavering devotion. His breath became ragged, and I swirled my tongue around his dick, stimulating his rod with everything I had in me.

His balls tightened and I could feel his dick swell inside my mouth. Buddy was trying to hold back his cries of ecstasy for fear of Caroline or his parents overhearing. And then, before I knew it, his dick was spasming against my tongue, coating it with cum. Amidst Buddy's breathing, gasping, and coming, I could hear his words over and over in my head, "I love you."

The tiny hairs on the back of my neck stood up as he unloaded a rich, delicious sauce into my mouth. I had never tasted anything so delicious and fulfilling. I savored it, reveling in its thick, salty sweetness. I swallowed it down, indulging in the delight of pleasuring the guy I loved. Buddy was still gushing and in no time my mouth was full again. I swallowed.

Buddy had reached the end, and I gave his dick a few tiny sucks, pulling out the remaining goodness of my pal. Buddy threw his arms back and let out a long, heavy sigh. I smiled, proud of myself. We were both completely satisfied.

I got up from the floor and lie down on the bed next to him. He lowered his arms around me and pulled me close to him, holding me tight. He gave me a soft, quick kiss and looked into my eyes. "Will you be my boyfriend?" he whispered.

I bit my lip, trying to keep my grin under control. I nodded, "Yes."

We kissed again, softly, tenderly. There was an odd but deeply gratifying comfort in the taste of his cum on my breath, and knowing his semen was swimming inside my stomach. I nuzzled into him. "I love you," I whispered into his chest.

He hugged me. "I love you." He loosened his embrace. "I've loved you for a while now, Leroy."

I looked up at him, his eyes were soft and caring. "Really?" I asked.

He was quiet for a moment. "Remember that day at school, in the cafeteria when Lainey Briggs asked if I would go to her party? She invited me but then didn't extend the invitation to you?"

I nodded. "Yes."

"I knew she had hurt your feelings," he replied. "I was so upset with her for doing that to you, but I didn't want to make a scene; I didn't want you to suspect anything, right?" He paused. "But, I knew I was already falling for you. I really liked you. In that moment, I wanted so desperately to hold your hand. I wanted to take your hand in mine, and tell you not to worry. And I imagined us walking home from school, hand in hand. And I would have been proud to do it, you know. I wanted everyone to know that I liked you. To tell Lainey to find someone else to take to her stupid party, because I already had you. But I was so nervous of what you'd think. I didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize our friendship."

I was melting in his arms.

"So I sat there at the table and just looked at you," he said. "Staring, beaming into your eyes everything that I wanted to say. Trying to reach you and tell you not to worry. Not to waste time on feeling bad because I was there, wanting to hold your hand."

A tear formed in my eye. I leaned up toward him and kissed him. I held him close, never wanting him to leave. He was all mine, and I was his. We fell asleep just like that.