 The story starts out, one late afternoon, of course. The sun was shining, the birds were chirping, and I was planning to play a game of pool with my friend James. James is a good friend of mine, I have known him since he was 13 years old. James was smaller then I, height wise that is. When I was about 17 I always imagined what he was packing in-between his legs. You never know what friends can have, maybe he has a garden hose, a thick Monster Energy drink can, or just a well used HB pencil. 

James and I never really saw each other after we had both went to college. We used to always spend time after school, talking about girls, school, you know the usual. But one sad day came by. We turned 18, and ended up taking paths to different directions, only getting to hang out on the odd weekend, or the boring Mondays. 

But our relationship took a turn one late November when I was 19 years of age. I was always good at pool, not great against those who play all the time, but I get by. Anyways I never lost against James, maybe once back when we were young, but don't judge me. I had a plan, and it was a good one, I would let him win at a game of pool, and get what I wanted.

We were in my basement, playing pool. James told me that he was getting better at playing and I thought I should challenge that. So we ended of playing our first game, and of course with precision I had a destructive defeat over James. I only won by two balls (typical). After him bragging that I cheated in the game, I decided to make the bet with him. The bet that if I won, he would have to jerk me off. If he won, then I would have to give him a luscious blowjob (maybe not in those words). I new it seemed fair, because he rarely beat me, and anything more then a hand job, I knew he wouldn't sign on.

My plan was simple, to let him win, so I would get his well hoped tasty cock in my mouth. James agreed to take the bet, I just smiled and told him that I hoped he was good at stroking something that wasn't attached to his body. James laughed and told me that he was going to try this time. James wracked up the balls, and let me break. I did not sink any at first, letting him get a head start with 2 stripped balls. I sunk one, then two, making the view for him to look sloppy, but accurate. The game had gone on, I took a small lead, then James did the same. It ended up with both of us with the 8 ball left, and I made sure I hit it just close enough to the pocket for him to get it in, and not me. My cock was getting hard, and I had to hide it, I did not want to get caught by him, and have him back out, or so I thought.

James sunk the eight ball, he looked victorious. But he saw the look on my face and told me that the bet didn't matter, that he didn't care. I just stared at him and told him a bet is a bet, and I lost. James just said a simple, "Ok." and made his way to leaning up against the couch that was near by. I slowly walked over to James, watching his emotionless face as he stared at me. I kneeled down in front of him, and just stared at his crotch. James latched onto his pants, gripping onto his belt he unzipped his fly, his dead stare into my eyes made me shiver. I was still staring at the small opening of his pants when he fetched out his cock. My mouth was watering, it looked delicious. His cock was cut, and looked to be about 7 inches and pretty thick. James slowly stroked his cock to a hardened length, still staring at me. 

"You lost." James said smiling, as he pushed his cock into my lips and past my mouth. I just invited him in, happy that I finally got his cock in my mouth. By the way he moaned, it was like he had never gotten a blowjob, and if that was the case I would be happy to help. Helping is what I did as I slicked up his cock with my saliva, savoring each suck with a burst of yummy flavor. James really did taste good, it was a flavor that I still can't explain until this day. I needed more of his cock, so I wrapped my hands around his ass and pulled him into my mouth, his cock stretching my throat, making me gag, with tears filling my eyes. James got crazy, he must have enjoyed it, because he grabbed onto the back of my head and held me all the way down his shaft. James never trimmed his pubic hair, it made him feel more manly, but it was a obstacle I had to get around to be able to breathe.

I wanted James to feed me, and I knew I was going to have to wok for it, so I pushed away from James and caught my breathe. I let my tongue explore his shaft, licking him as I stroked his shaft. James held himself up on my couch with his head resting back. I bobbed up and down on his shaft, eyes open, taking it like a trooper. James told me that I looked good on my knees, where all losers should be. I took my mouth off and thanked him, before taking his cock head in my mouth and sucking deeply. I felt James's cock throb in my mouth, his cock head expanding, I knew what was going to happen next. James didn't take lightly to breathing faster and harder, holding on tightly to the couch. I wrapped my lips around his cock head tightly and stroked his cock into my mouth. Soon enough I was welcomed with a nice warm load of my friends cum. I kept my motion up, sucking him deeply with spurts of cum hitting my tonsils and tongue. I wanted to keep it to show him before I swallowed, but it was to much cum and I willingly drank down the creamy load. 

I took my mouth off of him. James thanked me for going through with the bet, and never thought that I would lose to him, (while zipping his cock away). A agreed and told him that I was on my off game, future games would be different. James told me that if I ever wanted to suck him again, just to ask, he would be happy to give me some dick. I was actually happy that he offered is, and I quickly said yes to his offer. He told me he wanted to come back to my house next week, to give my slut mouth a good slut fucking, 

I was up to the challenge.