 What happened next sort of bewildered me and in a way offered me the false hope that Neems was going to let me go. He took me into his private shower and both of us got under the shower, however it was Neems who washed me. It was embarrassing as hell but I endured it hoping after the shower he would send me home. Again, I was wrong. Once more I was shamed and humiliated as he insisted on giving me an enema, not once but twice. As I leaned against the shower wall I could not believe I was letting a man stick an enema tube up my ass. I pleaded with him not to, but again my begging fell on deaf ears. 

After the second enema he put some sort of oil in the bag and inserted the tube in my ass. The oil had a soothing affect on my freshly ‘washed’ insides. Next we went back into Neems’ office where he made me to lay on my back on a table that was about waist high. Neems then started playing with nipples and cock. Here again, my body betrayed me. When he leaned over and took my cock in his mouth it jumped rock hard.

This caused Neems to pull off my cock and smile, “You really like that don’t you?”

I was too embarrassed and humiliated by my own body’s betrayal to answer him – I didn’t need to – my cock answered for me. Still smiling, Neems took my cock back in his mouth and really went to work on it. But this time something new was added. As he sucked my cock he began rubbing my ass and running one finger over my oily ass bud. I was so into him sucking my cock that this, although embarrassing, never really bothered me – that is until I felt one of his oiled fingers invade my ass.

This did not hurt as much as it was embarrassing. No one had ever put their finger in my ass before and I begged him please stop. Instead of answering me he just sucked harder on my disloyal cock and pinched my aroused nipples as I pleaded with him.

“Please don’t…OHHHH,” I cried, as he pushed a second finger into my oiled ass. I don’t know if it was him sucking my cock, or the alcohol/drugs, or a combination of it all together, but the discomfort soon yielded to a pleasurable feeling as he sucked and fingered fucked me at the same time. The battle between the pleasure and the shameful knowledge that a man was sucking my cock and finger-fucking my ass here in broad daylight caused me to tightly shut my eyes as I tried to shut my mind. 

I was so immersed by pleasure verses shame that I hardly realized what was happening till I felt a searing pain in my ass. Neems had quit sucking my cock and just as quickly pulled his three fingers out of my ass and plunged his cock into my relaxed hole. 

Not only was the pain unbearable, but so was the knowledge – the knowledge that a man had his cock in my ass.

“Noooo…please take it out! You’re killing me…please don’t…pleaseeee noooo,” I begged over and over.

Neems just laughed, “ I’m not killing you! I’m fucking you!!!”

“No don’t…please don’t fuck me..it hurts, pleaseeee stop. I’ll suck your cock…anything…please don’t do this to me…”

I begged and pleaded thrashing about like an impaled fish. The shameful difference was that I was impaled on a man’s cock. Neems continued to push his cock further into my oiled ass till I felt his balls against me. Never had my ass ever felt so full or hurt so much. 

Neems remained still allowing my ass to adjust to his cock as he took great delight in having his cock lodged in a virgin ass. “Man you are one tight pussy…I’m going to enjoy taking your cherry. Have I ever hit the jackpot…you suck cock like a pro and got a hot ass just begging to be fucked. You are one hot whore” 

Still allowing my ass to adjust Neems took hold of my cock that had gone soft and played with it till it was rock hard. “What more could I want, a hard cock to play with and suck, a soft mouth to fuck and now a hot ass to fuck…I sure enough got me a real pussy boy!”

As the truth of what he was saying sunk in, a wave of shame, defeat, and humiliation swept over me. I had let a man suck my cock…I had sucked a man’s cock and swallowed his cum and now I had a man’s cock lodged in my ass and was about to be fucked like a woman. And even worse, as I lay there impaled on a man’s cock my own cock was responding to him.

I was so wrapped up in my sorrow that at first I never realized that Neems was starting to make my nightmare come true – he was slowly starting to fuck me in my ass. 

As I lay flat on my back with my legs spread apart like a whore’s and a man’s cock lodged in my ass I could only whimper, begging him not to fuck me. But even as I begged, my body was betraying me…the pain had lessened and something new and strange was taking over. An erotic and afore unknown sexual arousing was stirring in my groin. Each time his cock would ‘bump’ my prostate gland, my own cock would respond. This sexual stimulation was not lost on Neems.

“Just a closet pussy-boy, aren’t you?” gleefully taunted Neems, taking special care that his cock continued to massage my prostate gland. “Man look at your cock drooling! You love having my cock in your ass – don’t you?”

“Nooo, nooo, please stop…pleaseee…” I begged, fully knowing that somehow Neems was right…Although I was shamed and humiliated and did not want him to fuck me in my ass, for some inexplicable reason, what had at first been excruciating pain, now was a pleasurable erotic sensation. All I could do was shake my head no as I moaned over and over, :No, oh please noooo.” 

My ‘nos’ were no longer “No please don’t fuck me,” but now had become directed to myself, “No, please body…please don’t enjoy having a man’s cock thrusting in and out. Please don’t let this feel good. Please don’t like being fucked in the ass.”

It was almost as if Neems could read my thoughts. “Your ass likes being pounded…Doesn’t it!! My cock is taking to heights you never knew existed and you LOVE IT!! Your virgin ass loves being fucked! YES!!!” shouted Neems as he really started fucking me and all the time talking ‘fuck talk’ to me.

“OH YES!! What an ass…man you are one tight fuck…oh man your ass is milking my cock…oh fuck yess soooo goooood. Fuck me! Fuck me good!” urged Neems over and over as he challenged me to admit I liked him fucking my ass. “Come on boy!! Fuck me, fuck me hard you know you like it…come on boy...hump that ass up to me...ohhh fuckkk I’m going to cum…Take it, take it all!” Neems cried as I felt his hot cum spew into my no longer virgin ass.

As I felt Neems’ cum explode in my ass and his hard man pole pressed tight against my prostate my own sexual stimulation was not to be denied. Both things happened against my ‘straight’ will, but exploded forth from hidden sexual feeling I never knew existed in me. Most embarrassing of all was for the first time in my life, my own cock shot its load of cum without even being touched. It shot its load of cum not thinking about fucking a woman, but from being fucked in the ass by a man’s hard cock. The second thing against my will was I shouted, “YES!!” as I wrapped my legs around Neems and thrust my ass up hard against his pounding cock as my cock spewed forth its large load of cum. My body had willingly yielded up my ass and my ass had responded to the fucking Neems’ cock had given it. My ass had willingly yielded up its virginity and had fully responded to being fucked by Neems’ hard cock.

Neems was laying on top of me wedging my cock and cum between us as he kissed me and crooned over and over, “WOW!! I have never fucked the cum out of anyone before…NEVER!! Man you are one hot fuck…man your ass pussy sucked me dry. What a fuck. Oh baby I knew you’d like it…man what a piece of ass…Damn your ass is still sucking on my cock! Man your ass was born to be fucked and drain cocks. Man I can’t wait to share this...”

It was true, no matter how hard I was trying to resist the sexual aura brought about by Neems thoroughly fucking me I could not. My ass was still trying to ‘suck’ more cum from the cock lodged in it. I lay there numb with shame, disgrace and disgust. A man had just ruthlessly fucked me and my body had readily responded to it. I had yielded up ass and now lay there with legs wrapped around a man, a man’s cum in my stomach, and a man’s cock still in my ass as his cum seeped out around his cock. I had been thoroughly fucked at both ends and my body had willingly yielded to it. As a matter of fact, my body not only had yielded to Neems’ cock, but had shamelessly and willingly responded to his cock fucking both my mouth and ass and filling them with his cum.

If this knowledge was not frightful enough, his words, “Man I can’t wait to share this,” brought home to me my body being used as cock attraction was far from over and I was soon to find just how much my body would really betray me.

If you have enjoyed this write me and let me know. 

I try to answer all my mail.

Thanks,

Ted 