 The morning crowd in the coffee house had just thinned. The stranger's request for a date had been pretty straightforward, "Caribou Café, 10:30 sharp". A tad dominating, but Liam melted for the dominating kind. 

And so he found himself perched alone on a table that had definitely seen better days. At the stroke of 11, the waiters were clearing out signs of the rush hour and there was still no sign of the rugged daddy that had kindled Liam's interest yesterday. 

_______________________________________________

In his late twenties, and with an ass as hot and hungry as the Devil himself, Liam turned all sorts of heads when he strutted down the street. To be fair, he loved every minute of the gawking attention he commanded. He loved it when the deeply closeted teenager dropped his ice-cream to the careless undulations of his ass; when the married guy secretly wished he could forget his vows and ride him to town and when the occasional spunky ones would actually take him back to their apartment and stuff him with a very hard cock - Oh, he loved it all. 

But all that was over now. At the peak of his sexual prime, Jacob had walked into his life. The man, older than Liam by the age of another adult; was rough, commanding, and showed him everything he was missing in his very vanilla sex life. Their first date hadn't been so much a date as it had been a stream of closely arranged quickies. If he closed his eyes, Liam could still feel Jacob's strong muscled arms - one stretched around his neck - calloused fingers grating against the spot where he had earlier marked his pliable fuck toy. The other encircled around his pelvis, holding it in place as Liam flinched, willingly expanding to each powerful thrust. 

Jacob's virility had ensured a night full of discipline, and Liam's eagerness had ensured a week full of it. At the end of that week, Liam had come to terms with the fact that no one could do him like Jacob. The dates were short and sweet, but both of them knew that those meaningless conversations were just extended foreplay. Movie night had ended with Liam's face pressed against an arm rest, bearing the weight of Jacob's booted foot as he was violated repeatedly in the dark of the theatre. Dinner was another interesting story; where Liam's early dessert under the table had not quenched his thirst for more. Jacob complied by sticking his huge cock in his ass, jabbing incessantly at his sweet spot until both exploded into a well-deserved climax. 

Before he had become sexually active, Liam had always pegged himself as the kind of guy that'd find a man, marry and settle down in a nice home, somewhere in the country. But with sex came the realization that lust was more appealing than love. He loved not having the emotional baggage that came with commitment. Just sex was perfectly fine with him. It was, in fact, better this way. Jacob and he talked less and fucked more. It worked out pretty well for the both of them and Liam was as happy as ever. 

Two days back, a very infuriated man walked into Liam's apartment. That monstrous cock of his, pressing obscenely against his underwear, framed by the unbuttoned jeans that Jacob made quick work of in the two minutes that Liam took to register his surroundings. They'd never met before without making a plan; Liam just thought Jacob wasn't the spontaneous kind. 

And yet here he was, standing there belittling the door to his apartment atop his six foot frame. Jacob's chiseled chest and defined biceps probably meant army, but Liam'd never gotten that far in conversation to know for sure. Or had he, he barely remembered. But he really was a true man's man; perched on a stallion's legs, sure and muscular, leading to a god-like cock with a mind of its own. The unkempt black pubes cleared to give way to a thick, meaty penis; blue veins, tough skinned and hard as a rock, crowned by a bulbous head that shone an angry red that day. It was a cock that meant business.

"Get on your knees", his voice bellowed, somewhere between an order and a shout.

Liam was never the kind to need a second telling. His eyes were fixated on the third leg jutting out of Jacob's sculpted body. He licked his lips before he took the head in his mouth, nursing it with care and attention. His mouth filled with the saltiness of a copious amount of pre-cum that dribbled from the slit like a faucet left open. Liam stuffed his throat with all of Jacob, eagerly anticipating the point where this session would go out of his control, knowing fully well that it wouldn't take long for Jacob to get rough.

In one swift move, Jacob gripped his hands round Liam's neck, choking him with both his cock and his sudden change of demeanor. Liam loved it; streams of tears and saliva and pre-cum mingling to create a cocktail where Jacob's cock had now began to pick up pace as he fucked his skull with reckless abandon. Nobody seemed to remember when the clothes had come off and when the door had been bolted. The apartment resonated with the vile, yet arousing sound of Jacob's sweaty balls slamming against Liam's wet and willing chin. Liam spat and slurped and gagged around the cock that was in front of him, lubricating it to replace the two-and-three fingers that had already made home inside. 

Jacob lifted Liam off of the ground and landed him face down ass up on the couch. Two strong hands spread his ass painfully wide, running a breeze of cold air before a huge, wet slab of meat slapped against the opening. The man was teasing him, languidly rubbing the hard cock against his inviting hole. His arms had already slipped into the usual vice grip - neck and waist, just the way Liam liked it. But Jacob was gonna make him beg this time. Liam's voice barely audible with desire.

"Put it in, Jacob. Don't make me wait. Fuck me."

"How do you want it?" 

"Just fuck me rough. Make it hurt. Do it the way you always do." An array of barely legible words accompanied by Liam backing up against the hard flesh that was so close, yet so inexplicably far.

Pain and pleasure set apart by a thin line as Jacob pushed his cock unrelentingly inside Liam. The cock breached past his ring, barely giving him a moment to adjust, and buried itself in his ass. Liam's eyeballs were swimming, his body neck deep in lust, his channel a soft and warm haven for Jacob's onslaught. The engorged head nudged a few times over his prostate, making him whimper and scream in ecstasy. And each time Jacob bottomed out, Liam was one more inch closer to coming.

Liam let it all out when it happened. A long, heaving moan of relief as he painted the couch a different white. Jacob still went on for a while longer before he came inside Liam. What shocked him the most was that Jacob didn't pull out after he was done. By their usual, Jacob would already be wearing his pants and ready to leave, or if not, ready to go again. 

But that day, he just lay inside Liam. His cock softened in its own juice, and he held Liam close and tight, letting his heart beat against him. Lavish kisses were gently strewn on Liam's arched back. The young man turned to press his lips against Jacob's. A kiss that was somehow a little more than just lust. The apartment fell into its own reverie, echoing the faint sounds of their lips fighting for each other. As they came for air, Liam saw words in Jacob's eyes that were dying to be spoken.

"I'm married." Jacob broke the silence. 

"I've been married for 7 years now. It's the best thing that had ever happened to me until you came along."

Liam was short of words. This was a whole different problem altogether. He loved fucking around without committing, but he wasn't going to be the other guy in some straight dude's life. 

"Does your spouse know?"

"I doubt it. I've been pretty discrete about us." Jacob had gone from rough man to guilty child in an astonishingly short time.

"Are you gonna tell?"

"No. That'd be terrible. It's really better this way. But I feel so bloody guilty all the time. I'm really happy now. I love whatever we have. I really do. But it kills me that it's at the cost of someone else's happiness." 

Resting on Jacob's chest, Liam was faced with a tough choice to make. He could go on like this, or he could make Jacob choose. In an ideal world, Liam would have taken Jacob's now primed cock for round two. But here, there was love and emotions that had to be taken care of. He had to make a decision that was not swayed by images of Jacob's rigid cock grinding the insides of his ass into pulp. 

Jacob wore his clothes and left. But not before Liam convinced him that if he wanted to come back, he'd have to come clean and let the other person know. And not before Jacob had fucked Liam's brains out once last time. 

Around an hour since he'd gone, Liam realized he needed to take his mind off of things. He walked down to the supermarket to get a beer and that's when saw the rugged daddy intensely looking at him. There was a pretty obvious bulge in his pants, one that told tales of a very promising experience if Liam was brave enough to pursue it. But Liam wasn't gonna make a move, at least not until he knew for sure that Jacob was gone for good. 

That didn't stop the daddy though. He walked sure-footedly. An air of confidence that spoke volumes of his concealed carnal craving. And just before he turned and walked away, he'd mouthed those words in a whisper so soft yet domineering, Liam would have missed it if he hadn't been so turned on by the man. 

"Caribou Café, 10:30 sharp"

_______________________________________________

Half past eleven was when Liam finally gave up. He kept convincing himself that he'd been stood up before and it wasn't really a big deal. He paid for the latte and the croissant, left a generous tip and walked out of the coffee house, determined to not ruin the remainder of the day because of a bad start. 

How he wished it'd started different though. He pictured the daddy's beard rubbing against his butt cheeks. His tongue planted firmly within his pouting asshole. Flicking rapidly, each thrust implying penetration, and each withdrawal denying it. His hole twitched there in the middle of the street, longing for a nice, good fuck. He had blown his chances with Jacob now, and he'd hoped the Daddy could fill in. But there he was, with the biggest blue balls of the century walking back wistfully to his apartment. Again, if he wasn't looking, he would have missed it. 

Standing in front of him, the older man whisked Liam into a car. It didn't take much persuasion. He only had to see the beard and the bulge to comply. The tinted windows of the car made a convenient proposition to Liam and the Daddy, who introduced himself as Adam. The chauffeur drove the car as Adam crashed his lips onto Liam's. 

The man was in heaven, cooing in the able arms of Adam, and nimbly submitted himself to the will of the older man. Adam's unbuttoned shirt revealed a chest, mostly toned and well furred, that was adorned with the most succulent nipples that Liam had ever tasted. Liam's pants lay abandoned on the floor of the car. Adam's hands had already made their way below the waistband of his underwear, fisting a very hard cock in the front and kneading a very inviting ass up back.

The older man had a finesse and technique that left Liam drunk on sensation. He was rough, and yet tender. He was forceful, yet delicate. He was old, definitely, and yet young enough to fuck him a third time in succession. Adam pumped him hard and fast, one of his hands pulling Liam's head back by his hair, and the other muffling his cries the more brutal and the more intense his fucking became. His balls slapped against Liam's perineum, sending electric signals all over his body. Jacob had been rough, and Liam thought he liked rough, but Adam; Adam felt divine. 

Adam piston-fucked him for more than an hour after Liam's third. Though spent and fully drained, Liam was hoping that Adam would be able to get one more load out. Liam's leg were resting on Adam's shoulder, when Adam lifted him up from the bed and slammed him against the wall. In Liam's heaven, the only link to the earth was the older man's cock that plowed into his channel with little to no resistance. The upturned angle offered a much deeper penetration, and it took very less to push both of them over the edge. 

Cleaned up and done, Liam began to awkwardly think of possible topics to engage in small talk. The chauffeur walked back in with a pot of coffee, and a very visible tent. He cocked a sly smile, and cupped his bulge, ensuring Liam of an interesting return trip. Liam poured out a cup of coffee for himself and began to sip on it, thanking his stars for being aligned so perfectly.

"Why'd you have to go and ask Jacob to tell me the truth, Liam?" 

Liam almost painted Adam's abs with recycled coffee. 

"What?" Partly unsure of what he'd heard, and partly because he wanted to hear it again to make sure he wasn't going crazy.

"Yeah, Why'd you ask Jacob to tell me the truth?" 

"You knew?" The cold, metallic texture that Liam felt when Adam fingered him now made more sense.

"Of course, I knew. I've been married to him for 7 years. I'd know if his butt was clenched by the look of his feet, you know what I'm saying?"

Liam really didn't know what Adam was saying. 

"Then why didn't you do anything? You're married. You don't have a problem with him fooling around with other guys?" Liam was starting to think he was caught in the middle of a really weird family dynamic.

"Son, you're in that phase of your life where you want to fuck anything that's got a cock. When you're out of that phase, you'll know what I'm talking about. You think you want love and lust and passion, but trust me, what everyone wants is security."

Adam sat next to a very confused Liam and placed his hand around his shoulder. "Look, I've known Jacob for 7 years, son. It was all love and sex when we first met, but at our age, things change pretty damn fast. The last two months, he's been a happy man. He's been sweet and nice and funny and caring. I haven't seen him that way since our first year anniversary. Every time he comes back after he's done with you, we have the best time of our lives. It's like we're eighteen again. Sure, he's cheating on me. But if that's what it takes to have the old Jacob back, I'm fine with it. Tell me, son, isn't it better this way?"

If it wasn't for the chauffeur, Liam would have never gotten back to the apartment. He had no memory of it happening though, but the load that stained his underwear said otherwise. 

It really was better this way.