 Ronald sat by the kitchen table opening, reading, and paying the utility bills on line via his Toshiba lap top. My partner of 10 years, since our first meeting at a San Francisco pride parade and co owner of the condominium preferred this to writing paper checks. I had just written and sealed a check for the mortgage payment.

I can still recall that day very clearly when I first saw him. A six foot hunk in a speedo bathing suit standing on a float caught my attention. The blue eyed blond and I wanted more of each other's company after just one afternoon together. The relationship began building almost from the start.

"A penny for your thoughts," he said looking up from the screen.

"The pride parade is coming up again."

"Yeah it's the 24th," he replied.

He had been into physical fitness forever. The local gym had been part of his life.

"Listen I'm going to the gym for about a hour or so."

"OK have a good workout," I replied

I knew that he would have a hard workout just by looking at him. Actually I love the fact that he's working out and showing all those muscles. His body is a stark contrast to my lean body.

Just over two hours later he had returned home. I was dusting furniture when I heard the door and the foot steps. 

He stood for a second at the livingroom entrance. I could sense his eyes on me.

"Ronny let's go to Lands End." 

A day at the beach is enjoyable. Some days we would just sit and look at the surf. Other days we would swim. He rode the waves on a board in his younger days. Anyway within a half hour we had packed sandwiches and headed out.

A walk of 15 minutes past three benches and down two flights of stairs brought us to our destination. The rocky beach with very little sand (none at high tide) offers a spectacular view of the edge of the continent. My boyfriend and I sat naked on a rock watching gulls glide to the ground and return skyward. The sea slowly encroached on the beach. The "sex police" could show up at any time. Wary of that we could only look at each other while passions burned. We dared not even hold hands.

By five that afternoon we had arrived back home. I had begun preparing a quick dinner of spaghetti with a can of chopped clams. My boyfriend had gone into the shower. A few moments later he walked back into the kitchen wearing only his bath towel. 

"Ronny you get more gorgeous every time I look at you."

"Darrel you don't look so bad either," he replied grinning. 

I had always been into fitness too. Unlike Ron I tended to use light weights. Roller blading was more up my alley.

We came to the sofa later that evening and sat close. I let Ron decide what to watch. He chose "I Walk the Line", the life of singer Johnny Cash. Neither of us were big fans of country music but we both liked a good Hollywood style biography.

The movie had been on for barely a few moments before we had stopped paying attention to it. My eyes drifted down to his crotch where his hand had slipped into his underpants. His underpants bulged.

"Oh yeah baby I want that big cock tonight!"

By now I needed to get into the act. I pulled my boxers down past my cock. My left hand stroked it gently at first then my palm closed tight around the throbbing shaft. My cock pointed toward him as my hand jerked back and forth pulling the skin under the palm. I wanted him. I wanted his big cock shoved deep inside my asshole. 

Ron reached around with his hand. The palm pressed against my buttocks. Then his fingers poked into the hole. I could feel the soft pressure right there on the prostate gland.

"I always loved this part of the visit to the doctor."

"I'll bet you did," he replied.

After a few seconds of that I was more than ready for the prize. On my knees now my tongue tasted his delicious member from top to bottom. then my lips closed tight around it. While my head moved back and forth he massaged my shoulders with the skill of a pro.

"Oh baby suck my big cock!" 

As my mouth worked him my fingers massaged his sack. I could feel his big balls moving side to side under my finger tips. 

After some minutes I felt and tasted a gush of the creamy, white fluid. As I drew my head back I could see some dripping down the shaft. More slid down my chin. I gulped and swallowed.

Arms around each other at the waist we walked into the bedroom. He rolled me gently onto my side on the mattress and moved into position behind my ass. His throbbing manhood pushed deep into my hole. I could feel it sliding rapidly in and out and moaned softly. 

"Go baby! Pound my hole!" 

I wished that he could pound me all night. I was pleasured beyond words. 

We rolled off and relaxed face up after both of us had reached a climax.