 I'm back! Sorry for the delay in posting, you know, life and all that. But have no fear, the story is finished and it will all get posted in due time.

Thanks for all the amazing comments! I read each and every one and I wish I could respond to you all individually, as well. Definitely let me know what you love, what you hate, and give the story a rating :)

Happy Reading!

Yours,

HB

Copyright © 2017 by Hudson Bartholomew. All rights reserved. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

*****

Chapter 4

The bed sheets had been pre-tussled so it looked like the camera had caught them post-coitus. And they had just finished a pushup contest to give them the authentic rosy cheeks and thin sheen of sweat. Erik might be bigger physically, but Ryan was pleased to have won while the crew counted the number of pushups for them.

Now they lay in bed, Erik on his back, Ryan on Erik's chest, legs entwined. Ryan's chin was pillowed on his left hand while his right traced the misty ink that adorned Erik's shoulder.

"Tell me about your tattoos," Ryan asked. The script had called for him to ask something about being a go-go dancer, but he was much more interested in this answer.

The marginal narrowing of Erik's eyes was the only indication that he hadn't been anticipating that question.

"It's an apt representation of what I do. It's both real and not real at the same time. Like how," Erik took a breath here, "go-go dancing is real because I'm there, doing it. But it's not real; it's a show, an act. And when I'm done, whatever... connection I've made with someone else is gone."

"Does that bother you? That it's not real? That once it's over, it's over?"

Erik didn't answer right away, forcing Ryan to meet his gaze. The blue eyes were unshielded and clear, framed with dark lashes and something else. Ryan read an honesty in those eyes, an openness to be transparent, to put aside the acting and give a real answer.

"It does," the truthfulness of those words made Ryan's heart beat faster for some inexplicable reason. "I try to not let it bother me. But I'd be lying if I said it didn't get to me even at some superficial level."

Erik took a deep breath before continuing and Ryan could feel the weight of the coming words. "That's the other reason for the tattoo, I guess. It holds on to me and grounds me. It reminds me of what is real, and is an armor against the un-reality of what I do."

Ryan traced the flowing lines that circled around Erik's arm—its true, they looked like they held him tight.

"Doesn't it feel like you're being held captive?"

"We're all held captive to something, whether we like it or not. I'd rather know what I'm held captive by; choose what to be held captive by. Better than going through life led by unknown forces."

Funny, that's how Ryan often felt—led through life by unknown forces. Perhaps that was why he'd continually been drawn in Erik; Erik seemed to take charge of his own life rather than waiting for life to take him somewhere he didn't want to go.

Ryan leaned up and placed a kiss on Erik's mouth, just a gentle brushing of lips against lips. The kiss progressed gradually with sweet licks and nips, as their hands roamed. Ryan's fingers found Erik's nipples and tweaked, knowing they were an erogenous zone, and he could feel Erik's length start to plump against his thigh.

Erik's own hands were sweeping broad strokes across Ryan's back. It felt nice, but to Ryan's body that had long been desensitized to a stranger's intimate touch, it wasn't going to be enough to get him hard for the camera.

Right when he was about to say something, Erik kissed his away along Ryan's jaw, latched onto an earlobe and proceeded to torture Ryan's poor earring. The feeling of having the piece of jewelry played with sent bolts of pleasure straight to Ryan's cock. Ryan couldn't help dry humping Erik's hip or the whimpering noises that were escaping his throat.

Every time Erik sucked a little harder, Ryan responded by pinching Erik's nipple a little harder. Each time, their cocks both got at little bit harder, assisted by some strategic frotting.

Erik's hands ventured down to Ryan's ass, squeezing at the globes, pulling them apart to expose them to the air. His fingers inched their way into the crack and brushed against Ryan's hole, causing Ryan to buck back into him.

At the same time, Ryan shifted and snuck a hand between their bodies to hold their cocks together. A tight squeeze had both men shuddering and thrusting into Ryan's fist.

Erik's fingers on Ryan's ass became more insistent, circling the wrinkled skin and pressing against the tight opening. Between Erik's mouth on his ear, Erik's cock against his own, and Erik's fingers on his ass, Ryan's mind was quickly becoming foggy, despite his best efforts to keep his wits about him this time.

Erik's hand disappeared from Ryan's ass for a moment, giving Ryan a breather before he was too far gone. When Erik's fingers returned, they were wet and cool with lube. The sudden sensation gave Ryan another shudder, which only intensified as Erik used his lubed fingers to probe and invade Ryan's ass.

Ryan pushed back against the invading digits, and then thrust his hips forward to rub his cock against Erik's, both now nice and hard. He continued like this for a few moments, fucking his own hand in the front while fucking himself on Erik's hand in the back.

Then suddenly a grumbling sound, loud and complaining, emanated from Ryan's stomach. Both he and Erik froze before they descended into giggles.

"You okay?" Erik asked, his fingers still buried in Ryan's ass.

"Yeah, I just haven't eaten anything yet today."

"What? Why not?"

Ryan raised an eyebrow at him, "It's a shoot day, plus I'm bottoming."

It took Erik a minute to connect the dots, but when he did, he erupted in another fit of giggles, which Ryan couldn't resist joining in on.

"Okay, girls, if you've gotten it out of your system, we're still rolling," Gary scolded from behind the camera. "Ryan, do you need to eat something? Or is your stomach going to keep quiet for the rest of the shoot?"

Ryan grinned and shrugged. "Should be fine?"

The wink from Erik's dimple touched something vague and intangible right in the middle of Ryan's chest. The moment was fleeting because Ryan's eyes rolled back into his head as Erik curled the fingers that were still buried in his ass and rubbed against his prostate.

The ragged moan that came from Ryan's throat was 100% genuine, no acting involved. But it was cut short as Ryan's mouth was captured again by Erik with none of the previous gentleness. This kiss was aggressive and possessive, and combined with the fingers now fucking his hole, was reducing Ryan into a mass of flesh wriggling on top of Erik.

Erik's fingers suddenly withdrew and smacked hard against Ryan's taunt ass cheek with a satisfying sound. The sting was just enough to focus Ryan's mind before it splintered into too many pieces. When Ryan was able to focus on Erik underneath him, he was pleased find Erik's normally crystal clear eyes also clouded and hazy.

Ryan pushed himself up on all fours, knees on either side of Erik's slim hips. Using his tongue, lips, and teeth, he traced a path down Erik's torso, spending time on each of Erik's nipples until he elicited impatient sounds from the man. Farther south, Ryan ventured, seeking out all the sensitive spots on Erik's skin, spending an extra moment or two there, nipping with his teeth and soothing with his tongue, before he filed the valuable information away for future use.

By the time he reached the thick tool lying heavily on Erik's stomach, Erik was breathing heavily, but his hands remained clenched in the bed sheets.

In this position, on his knees with his ass sticking high into the air and his shoulders lowered to reach Erik's cock, Ryan knew his hole was exposed. The sound of the camera guys moving around behind him sent Ryan's heart racing and his hole clenched, as if that would make him any less exposed.

Then a soft caress on his cheek from Erik's hand and Ryan open his eyes to meet Erik's encouraging gaze. A small lilting smile, a quick wink from that dimple and Ryan refocused on the task at hand. And what an impressive task it was.

Ryan licked his way up from the base to the tip a couple of times, getting it nice and wet with his split before he pulled the foreskin all the way back to expose the bulbous tip.

He took the head into his mouth, circling it with his tongue, treating the slit with a couple of extra swipes. Meanwhile, his hand slowly jacked the shaft, pulling the foreskin back and forth against the hardness underneath. Then with his tongue wrapped around the head, he pulled the foreskin up over the tip until his tongue was trapped between the delicate skin and the heated, swollen head.

The straggled "Aw, fuck," that Erik shouted and the way he bucked under Ryan was unexpected. A quick glance up show Erik's face scrunched in tortuous pleasure, every muscle flexed in sharp relief. He didn't look like he was breathing and Ryan took pity on him with a grin.

The first couple of breaths that Erik took were ragged and uneven, and Ryan had to admit that Erik looked unbelievably hot and sexy lying there struggling to breathe.

"Do that again," were the first words out of Erik's mouth when he had enough air to speak.

Ryan's grin said that he'd do it a hundred times over, with pleasure.

Ryan felt Erik tense his thighs in anticipation, and this time when Ryan pulled the foreskin over his tongue, Erik's reaction was a little more controlled. A series of "Oh gods," and "fuck, yeahs" flowed from Erik's mouth as his head flailed from side to side.

Kicking it up a notch, Ryan sealed his lips around the foreskin-covered head and applied a light suction. Erik's breath hitched in his chest. With increasing suction, Ryan wriggled his tongue back and forth, caught in between the head and the skin.

The sensations it wrought on the sensitive organ had Erik bucking and thrashing on the bed. "Fuck, fuck, fuck," came spilling out of Erik's mouth unimpeded, and Ryan was encouraged to moan, sending vibrations onto the already sensitized flesh. This was enough to wring another response from Erik: "Fuck, I'm gonna fucking come!"

Ryan let Erik's cock drop out of his mouth, and used his fingers to squeeze a tight clamp at the base, waiting until Erik's body relaxed.

When Erik's eyes fluttered open, Ryan was waiting for their glaring accusatory look with a grin. Erik growled deep in his chest and pulled Ryan up for a devastating kiss. Ryan let his mouth be ravaged as he scooted up until Erik's saliva slick cock slipped under his balls and slid along his crack.

A subtle tilting motion was all he needed to rub his hole up and down the thick, veiny shaft. Ryan's hole twitched in anticipation and a strong shudder ripped through his body, just as Erik's tongue plunged deep into his throat.

When Erik finally let them come up for air, both were breathing heavily into each other mouths, and Erik's cock was in serious danger of slipping into Ryan's hole unsheathed.

With great difficulty, Ryan pulled himself together and reached out his hand, in which a foil packet and a small bottle were promptly place. Ryan sat up on his knees and took Erik's cock in his hand, enjoying the weight of the length as he spread a dollop of clear lube in a twisting motion.

The tensing of Erik's stomach muscles told Ryan that the simple motion was doing more than just getting Erik wet. Keeping his eyes on Erik's, Ryan tore the packet with his teeth and unrolled it over Erik's cock with practiced ease before applying a second layer of lube with the same twisting motion.

Erik's hands were caressing Ryan's thighs, and they reached around to grab at Ryan's ass encouragingly. Ryan didn't need to be told twice.

He shifted until the head of Erik's cock was aligned. With one had braced against Erik's chest, the other on Erik's cock to guide him in, and Erik's hands on his hips to keep him steady, Ryan slowly impaled himself.

The initial breach was the hardest with the engorged head throbbing in time with Erik's heartbeat. The stretch and pop into Ryan's ass left him out of breath and trembling.

"Take as long as you need," came the whisper from Erik, his hands roaming across Ryan's body, doing what they could to distract from the invasion of Ryan's ass.

Ryan lowered himself an inch and stopped to let his body adjust. Little by little, he worked down Erik's entire length until the trembles had grown into full on shaking, his thighs straining from their position, and sheen of sweat had developed on his skin. Assisted by gravity, Ryan dropped the last two inches as his thighs gave out. He half collapsed on Erik, while Erik did his part to pull the other man down to him.

Ryan tried to focus on his breathing, to get air into and out of his lungs, and tried to ignore the intense fullness in his gut, and the way his ass was clenching involuntarily around the foreign object, sending bursts of fire along every nerve in his body.

"Shh, babe," Erik whispered. "You did good. Just breathe."

Ryan was nowhere near recovered, but he knew he couldn't lie there forever. With unsteady arms, he pushed himself back up to sitting, and in the process pushed Erik's cock deeper into his ass.

Ryan let his head fall back and ground his ass down in a circular motion. The movement sent bursts of fire through his body each time his prostate was rubbed. Once he found the right angle, he concentrated the movement to maximize the attack on his prostate until his body was on fire and his brain had evaporated into smoke. All he knew were sensations and his body was led by the base desire to chase down each and every one.

He started to bounce on his knees, lifting himself until just the tip of Erik's cock was inside of him, leaving him feeling strangely empty inside, then driving his ass down as hard and fast as he could, fucking himself on Erik's cock. Up and down he rode, adding a little twisting motion when he bottomed out.

Ryan reached behind him for Erik's thick thighs, bracing himself as he leaned back and changed the angle. Like this, Erik's cock was running roughshod over his prostrate and Ryan vaguely heard himself cry out. His own cock was impossibly hard now, flying up and down with his own hard fucking slapping uncomfortably against his stomach. He shifted his weight to one arm to hold his cock and balls in a tight grip with the other.

The movement lifted Ryan's cock and balls out of the way and gave the camera a perfect view of Erik's thick dick disappearing to Ryan's body. Ryan tensed at the sight of the camera guy hovering over Erik's head, camera zoomed in to capture the shot. The squeeze on Erik's dick caused him to buck into Ryan and throw off their rhythm.

Erik caught Ryan as he lost his balance and pulled him down to lie on Erik's chest. Their mouths found each other in lazy, lust hazed kisses, and their bodies writhed together, slicked by the sweat between them.

Erik shifted and Ryan suddenly felt bereft as Erik's big cock slipped out of his body.

"Come on, babe," Erik whispered at him with a squeeze on his bruised hip.

Ryan mustered what remained of his strength and flipped himself over until he was lying on his back, his full weight on Erik. For a second, the thought that he might be too heavily for Erik flashed through his muddled brain, but then Erik's arms wrapped tightly around him and Erik's lips latched onto Ryan's ear, and all thought fled.

Erik's hand ghosted down Ryan's body, fondled at his swollen cock and balls, and continued farther until his fingers prodded at Ryan's abused hole. The touch made Ryan whimper and he reached up with one arm to bury his fingers in Erik hair, needing to anchor himself on something solid.

"I gotcha," Erik's breath felt cool against Ryan's damp earlobe and he shuddered at the sensation.

Erik's legs shifted until they were wedged in between Ryan's, and Ryan found his legs being spread and lifted as Erik placed his feet flat on the bed, Ryan's legs on either side of Erik's thighs.

Ryan was exposed again and he turned his head to nuzzle against Erik's cheek. The strong smell of sex, man, and musk helped to drive the feeling of vulnerability from Ryan's brain. He took several deep breaths, and licked at the salty skin of Erik's neck.

Erik tightened his hold on Ryan, almost squeezing the already scare air out of Ryan's lungs. Then Ryan felt Erik twist and reach to guide his cock back into Ryan's body.

Ryan knew that Erik could get deep in this position, but he wasn't quite prepared for what that would feel like. Erik's cock touched something deep inside of Ryan, not his prostate, but something deeper and Ryan could almost feel it in his throat.

He was being split in two, his whole being falling apart by the deep thrusting of Erik's tool. And yet the only thing holding Ryan together with the strong assurance of Erik's arms wrapped tightly around him, grounding him.

"Ev, Ev, Ev," Ryan heard himself murmuring into Erik's neck, one hand buried in Erik's hair, the other one on top of Erik's hand, fingered entwined.

"That's it, baby. Just let go."

Erik's thrusting picked up speed, and Ryan could feel himself being pushed to the edge. So close to that splintering cliff that even Erik's arms couldn't hold together.

"Oh god, Ev."

"That's it. Come for me, baby, come for me." Erik's fingers wrapped around Ryan's cock—one jerk and the second with a twist at the end and Ryan was shooting ropes of white cum all over himself.

Erik's tight hold on him never loosened and Ryan was thankful for that. He was floating, bits and pieces of him scattered throughout the ether and the only way he knew he was still whole was the feeling of Erik around him.

Ryan felt the emptiness as Erik's dick left his body, and he whimpered at the loss. In the distance he heard voices, then some movement as Erik shifted underneath him, then Erik's breathing hitched, his arms tightened and Ryan felt burning hot liquid land on his cock and balls.

Erik just came on him, the knowledge dawned on him as an afterthought and Ryan pressed kisses into the salty skin under his lips. They were then caught by Erik's soft lips and Ryan got one last squeeze from Erik's strong arms.

*****

Ryan tried to turn over in his own bed and groaned. Every muscle in his body ached. He didn't remember the last time he hurt so badly—not even when he first took up boxing and gotten beat up by the punching bag.

The worst of his aches was his asshole—it was bruised and tender. Walking up the stairs to his apartment had been brutal and he had almost collapsed in a heap by the time he reached the fifth floor.

If he had it his way, he'd just curl up and never move again. But that wasn't possible when his phone was exploding with text messages.

With extreme effort, he managed to reach out and grab his phone and flop back down on his bed.

Good morning!

Are you up?

OMG, this scene is better than the first one. 

You're so fucking hot!

It's not edited yet, so you'd have to come into the office to see the raw footage. 

You should definitely come in. It's awesome. 

Are you up?

Can I call you?

No sooner had Ryan read the last message than his phone started vibrating with a call. Who else could it be?

"Yeah?"

"You are up. Why didn't you answer my texts?"

"Ugh..." Ryan moaned. "You're worse than Amanda."

"Uh, thanks?"

"It's not a compliment."

"I didn't think so," Erik's laughter bubbled like a gurgling stream and had a strangely soothing effect on Ryan's morning moodiness.
