 This is a fictional story about some fantasies I've had. All characters and events are fictional.

Frank was typically a down to earth guy. He was happy in his relationship, and his wife kept things interesting in bed to say the least, but it didn't mean certain ideas didn't start looping in his brain. At 5'8" 140 lbs with brown eyes and black hair, Frank wasn't a super model, nor a large guy, but generally attractive and in shape. He'd always had a bisexual curiosity. Plenty of times he caught himself scrolling through porn until he came across men, and specifically cocks.

IT usually started the same way. He'd peruse the women posing, lesbian sex, men being pegged by women, tranny stuff (he supposed it was the best of both worlds) bi sex and work his way to looking at cocks. Nothing turned him on more than the thought of two guys rubbing one out together, assisting each other, and mostly, rubbing their cocks together. There was something about two hard, engorged, throbbing dicks, sliding along each other, lubed by hot oozing precum in one hand. The shafts and heads shifting across each other like well oiled pistons, pumping in to the chasm of a firm hand, coating the hand with each repetition.

In his past Frank had messed around with a few guys. One had been an older guy when Frank was about 17 years old. But it had been years, and especially not since he had been married. Sometimes he could feel the saliva build in his mouth as it watered thinking of a thick juicy shaft plummeting in and jousting across his tongue, leaving the salty taste of man juice, or his muscles tighten around his asshole imagining a finger diving in and out of it, his muscles squeezing on it with each touch. While he had never been into the whole cuckold thing, or humiliation, something about someone with a bigger cock taking control, gentle, but confident and assertive control of his wanting body really turned up the heat, and left his cock struggling against the canvas of his jeans, trying to break free of its confines. His cock when fully erect was 7", with a decent head, (not huge) and 5.5" around. It wasn't super thick, more so long and thin with a upward curve. It didn't quite fill his hand, and something about filling his hand with a fat, spongy dick drove him nuts. But as usual, he sucked the thoughts back in and failed to act on them.

So one night Frank's wife was hanging out with a friend and frank just felt like going for a beer. His friends were busy so he went to a place he hadn't been just for something different. It had been a long week and he really didn't want to drink at home and do the normal thing, run into the normal crew, but something out of the ordinary routine. It was a regular bar, a little out in country, and he walked into a dimly lit scene with some old country playing on the radio. First he ordered a double shot of whiskey, and unfortunately a bud, but the bar didn't have many great options. Sure, they're cheap, but hell, they're half water. Good thing he started with whiskey. He didn't look like a city boy, or a fashionista of any kind, so at least he wasn't out of place. There were couples, and the group of guys here and there talking about a beam on a roof they put up or the list of things their wife wanted them to do. Nothing hot or steamy about the situation at all, but Frank was fine with that. It hadn't been his intention at the time to seek it out. 

He chatted random bullshit with the bartender a bit and after four or five was thinking about leaving. Nobody was really striking up conversation, and the ones around him weren't worth the discussion. Then, a second later, a guy pulled up the stool next to him. He ordered a few shots of tequila. He was 6'4" dark hair and blues eyes, looked in shape and his hands were massive compared to Frank's 

"One of those nights, I take it?" He smirked

"yeah, seemed like a night for a few drinks. But this is what it is to...(glancing around at the nothing that enveloped this bar)"

"Yep"

They joked for a little while about the beer selection, and other random stuff. He was seeing a woman and they talked about their girls for a while. Then randomly he looked at Frank letting his eyes roll up and down him quickly, but fast enough to not be overly obvious, said,

"My girl would like you, I'm sure." 

Frank almost blushed for some reason, " yeah? in what way?" Frank wondered 

"Oh, just that I think she'd find you cute, and I'm sure you'd get along." 

It was an awkward moment for Frank. It's not often a man talks about their girl finding another cute or "likable." 

"She must have good taste" Frank laughed it off. "

"Yeah, our tastes seem to line up. Name's chuck by the way," he extended his massive hand. 

"Frank, nice to meet you chuck." Frank could feel the blood rushing to his dick, slowly filling his pants and pressing against the canvas of his fitting jeans. Why did this excite him so much? 

"Unfortunately the girl is out of town, or I'd be heading home and bending her sweet ass over again and again." Chuck said.

The image rolled around in Frank's mind.

"She has nice perky little tits that bounce just enough, a firm little behind, just soft enough you don't jab yourself and some tight abs. And she can't ever quite get enough cock if you know what I mean." He smiled. 

"Sounds like you picked a good one," Frank said hoping not to cross any lines with his new found friend, while his cock had formed an obvious tent without him noticing. He had been hoping that the ledge of the bar would conceal it.

"Looks like your words aren't the only thing expressing that," he made a sure glance down at Frank's jeans that were straining. Frank had no clue quite what to say. In some close friend circles he could understand that being a normal straight thing, but never had another guy ever verbally taken notice of his cock. 

Sheepishly Frank said," perky tits on the mind do it every time I suppose." 

"you're telling me, looks like your packing some fun there though." Chuck smiled. 

"Oh, thanks." 

Chuck changed the subject, seemingly noticing how Frank was a little thrown off. Some more bullshitting continued for a bit. 

Then with a sigh he said, "well, since that ain't happening tonight, and this beer sucks, I've got some better beer at my place and a pool table at least If you want a change of scenery because it sure as he'll isn't going on here." 

"Yeah, sure. Why not." Typically that would have set off Frank's danger alarm, but the alcohol was helping a bit with that.

Chucks place was only a few minutes away. He cracked open some nice strong beers and handed Frank one, "looks like you know to keep on nice firm grip on these slippery things." 

"Haha, yeah, don't want a good one like this slipping out of my hand and going to waste"

"A firm grip is never a bad thing, although I like them on someone else better," chuck chuckled. 

" yeah, it lacks the excitement when it's your own," Frank replied, his guard lowering with each sip.

Chuck grabbed a pic off the mantle of his wife and pointed, "this is the old lady. Pretty easy on the eyes , huh?" 

She was a blonde with a slightly reddish tint, small waist, perky tits, probably upper b-cup and a nice little bubble butt. Just bubbly enough that it created a little shelf, but firm, and probably quite toned. 

"If you like that one I'll show ya another in a few." 

Frank hardly noticed his cock was once again rising in anticipation of that next image, as the drunk was creeping over him and his inhibitions going away.

Chuck noticed this, but didn't mention it. Unbeknownst to Frank, he was running with the momentum, " not that i generally would share this, but she's always wanted a cock to fill her with cum after I have already left her dripping. It's pretty wild how crazy her sexy little mind can be. Don't know if she'd ever follow through, but it sure makes her cum hard whenever she's starts dirty talking about it in bed."

Without even putting another thought to it, Frank blurted out, "God that's hot." 

"Oh I know, gets me off too. Hey, who knows, maybe if we keep hanging out she'll want yours too..." Chuck was on a roll. But before he gave Frank much time to process his words he said, "hold on a sec," and walked out of the room. When he came back in, Frank could see the imprint of what looked like a thick fat juicy dick pressing against the zipper seam of chucks pants. It was definitely a marvel from what he could tell.

Chuck had a pic in his hand and handed it to Frank. It was of Chuck's girl, nude, touching her little slit while posing from the side on her hands and knees. Her nice breasts pointing out from below. All Of it was too much. Now Frank's dick was fully upright ready to burst from his pants and there was nothing he could do to hide it. He looked down and his face blushed.

Chuck chimed in, "don't worry about it. Doesn't bother me. In fact it looks kinda nice." He leaned in brushing his hand over Frank's crotch slightly on a pass, and it felt like his hand could've enveloped the whole thing. Frank's dick twitched and jumped. A soft little coo came from Frank's lips, and chuck knew he had him. 

"You want another beer?" Chuck asked.

"Sure." Frank's head was in a whirlwind of desire, his mouth watering, "that'd be nice."

Chuck went to the fridge to grab one while Frank nervously looked around the living room. Before he knew Chuck had come back in, he felt large firm hands reach around him. One handing him the beer and the other slowly and Gently pulling him back into the mass of man behind him. 

Should he fight it, make an excuse to leave? Should he...Frank gave in and let him take him. Unsure and nervous he took several gulps of his beer. 

"Is this okay? Seems like you kind of wanted it but were afraid to ask." Chuck said.

"Mm" was all the came from Frank as he was entranced by the hands trailing across his chest and stomach, shooting electricity through his entire body down to his loin, creating warmth in his core. 

Soft kisses started working along his neck and he just let himself become like putty in Chuck's hands.

He could feel the hard member pressing against his ass growing. He was overcome with pure sexual hunger, and yet defenseless to the barrage of pleasure. Chicks hands slid down running over Frank's crotch, massaging across it, making it bounce with each pass. 

"We can free this up, I'm sure it'd feel much better being less trapped."

"Ok," was all Frank could say. 

Chuck pulled the zipper down, barely fitting his hand inside and freed Frank's throbbing dick. He traced his fingers over the head smearing the precum for lubrication and slip up and down the shaft, then running his thumb in circles over the head methodically. Frank was melting into Chuck. 

In his mind he couldn't help but feel so small in those massive hands. He barely took up any space in them.

"I really like your cock. It's perfect," said Chuck.

"You do?" Frank's asked hoping he wasn't a disappointment. 

"Oh yeah, I couldn't think of a nicer one to be playing with right now."

"Well I can tell It doesn't quite measure up to that beast you have there..."

Chuck laughed, "that's exactly how I like it. Holding a vulnerable little boy cock in my hands. It doesn't even fill them. But I like that. Makes it fun because I know I can do anything I want with it and you will just moan and ask for more. You want to feel my nice fat man cock, I bet you'll like the feel in your little hands, you'll probably need two just to cover all the bases."

Chucks cock had to be about 7.5 in long and at least 6 3/4 " around if not about 7" around. A nice fat log of a cock. He was still behind frank with arms around him massaging his dick hanging out of his pants. Frank reached behind him and unzipped Chucks pants and reached in grasping chuck's Python that was now fully erect. He pulled it through the opening with some work, and realized he did need two hands for this thing. The head was a big mushroom and stood out from being circumsized as well. It felt so big in his hands, and heavy. His hands barely wrapped around it. He spit in both hands and began sliding them up and down the shaft, with each pass letting his palm graze over the head and the slit of his cock. It was enthralling to be holding another man's massive member.

Chuck leaned in next to his ear, "how does it feel to hold a big mans dick? You like how it fills your hands? You like holding something that impressive, that requires so much more space than your little dick?"

"Yes." Frank moaned. 

"Can you imagine how much mine can stretch a tight little pussy. How it could make a girl moan, and beg for more?" 

Frank's balls and Anus tightened in response as his penis jumped and twitched in Chuck's expansive hands and strong firm grip. 

"That feels so good Frank. I love the feel of our delicate little hands on me. Do you like being my little boy slut?"

"Ohhh, God yes," Frank gasped.

"Can I take these pants off. I'd love to feel that sexy little squeezable ass in my hands, and I have a funny feeling you'd like it too." Chuck didn't wait for answer, he knew approval was already there. He unbuttoned his own trousers and dropped them and his boxers to the floor and took off his shirt. His chest had some hair, but not too hairy and a hairless ass. His balls were trimmed as well as the rest of his crotch. He pulled Frank's shirt over his head with no resistance showing Frank's pretty much hairless chest, then undid Frank's jeans and pulled down his boxer briefs exposing a hairy set of legs and ass cheeks, almost completely opposite of Chuck's, an then pulled each leg through, running his hands softly back up his legs to Frank's throbbing member that was shaved except for a neatly trimmed patch leading up to his happy trail. 

"I like this little hairy ass of yours, it fits into the palm of my hand perfectly, just like my girl's. I like having two tight little asses as my playthings. "

His hand firmly squeezed Frank's ass cheek and then he ran his long fingers down Frank's crack and over his tight little hole causing it to pucker and Frank to jump a bit.

Frank thought about protesting, but he couldn't help but give to it. He felt so good, and vulnerable. He was entranced by the sizable flesh he was grasping. 

With one hand on Frank's dick, and the other tickling Frank's asshole, Chuck pushed one long finger into His hole and Frank almost came right then, but he caught himself as he was overtaken with absolute pleasure. 

"I bet your tight little hole would be amazing around my cock, but I don't want to hurt you. I also don't want to scare you away by moving too fast. Is this okay for now," he asked. 

"Mmmmhmmmm " Frank agreed, but he couldn't even form words through his elation.

Chuck spun him around and lowered to his knees, and Began licking and sucking on the head of Frank's cock while still fingering his tight hole. He could taste Frank's precum sticking to his tongue. 

"Your juice is so sweet. Your little boy cock isn't so hard to fit down my throat and your precum tastes so good. You like me sucking on your cock? I'm not sure my wife could even feel your little pecker after taking mine. Maybe if she wants it, I should let you fuck her first. Plus it'd feel good to have your cum coating my man cock for her. I bet that's turn you right back on." 

"Oooohh, yes." Was all that could come out of Frank's mouth. 

Chuck kept sucking and plummeting his finger in Frank's ass until he could feel the tightening of an oncoming orgasm, then stopped. He stood up and spit in his hand and began running his cock with Frank's in his massive hands. Frank's dick looked so small in them and especially over top of Chuck's. He hardly felt like a man comparatively, but more like a girl or a little boy, and his desire seemed to match it.

"I know this is probably a bit humiliating but I kind of think you like it. You really have a nice size cock, but it's just mine is so much bigger it probably makes you feel small. I think it's perfect, and I hope my words aren't hurting your feelings. But from the looks of it, you seem to be getting off on it." 

"I kinda like it," Frank whispered leaning into Chuck's chest still simply in a world of ecstasy. 

"I think you should get on your knees, Frank. I think I can see your mouth is watering, wondering if how much of that you can take." he placed his hands on Frank's shoulders and firmly pushed him to his knees, and pretty strongly pushed his cock right into Frank's mouth. Frank was surprised at how much it filled his mouth, and couldn't help but gag some at the sheer size trying to shove its way down his throat. Frank used two hands on the fat working on it while his mouth did as much work as it could on the huge freaking pole. He was gasping for breath when Chuck pulled him up and started rubbing their dicks together again until his body was almost shaking ready to explode, then pushed Frank down on his knees again, shoved his rod back in Frank's mouth and began pumping cum down his throat. The load was huge, it just kept coming and began pouring over his lips and down his chin.

"That's a good little bitch, I want you to swallow all of that. You look like a good little slut with all my cum on your face. Do you like how a real man cums and tastes?"

Frank, still trying to manage the ejaculate in his mouth forced a swallow and said, "ohh yes." Before standing up. 

Chuck grabbed him, lifted him and set him down on his chest as he laid down on the sofa. Lifting him up by his ass cheeks, he slid two fingers up Frank's tight little hole, then said, "I want you to ride my fingers like it was your own little cock up your ass." As he Frank bucked riding his fingers, Chuck stroked Frank's dick. A few minutes later Chuck slid a few more fingers in causing Frank to wince and cry out a bit.

"That's how different my cock would feel if you rode it,"

"Oh god oh god oh god yessss!" Cried Frank , his body vibrating all over, his animal nature taking over and he bouncing on those long fingers.

"You like being fucked like a little dicked girl don't you. You've got such a nice little hole that needs stretching and I know you are going to beg me for my cock inside you..."

Frank let go, shooting streams of cum onto Chuck's chest. Chuck put a little in his mouth and looking at the cum said, "is that all a little girl cock cums. Not only is it small but it you don't cum like a real man either. And since you your cock isn't a mans cock, you like riding cock like a little girl and you cum like a little boy, I think you should clean it all up with your mouth like the little cum hungry bitch you are."

Frank began licking all his cum off Chuck's chest and swallowing it down. 

They both stood up and finished their beers and smoked one, then Chuck handed him a card and said, well I'm beat and need to call it a night, but here is my number. I know you are going to be craving my cock and you won't be satisfied holding your little dick anymore, so give me a call and maybe we can do it again sometime... And by the way, I had a really good time. I really enjoyed you, and would love to see you again..."

To be continued...