 When I married my ex-wife we had both only had sex with one other person in our lives. This was one of the few things we had in common. Our marriage lasted 8 years but before we divorced (we fell out of love and couldn't get along) she had let it slip that although she had sex with only one other guy before me, she had given about 8 other guys blowjobs. I was a little surprised but she treated these incidents as though it were nothing more than goodnight kisses. My ex-wife could give a good blowjob when she wanted to, at least that was the case when we were dating...a long time ago. I soon found I could not stop thinking about how casual she acted about her past history of sucking cock. I began to notice other women having conversations where they mentioned giving blowjobs without committing to sex. There were stories in the papers and news magazines about how young teenage girls were engaging in oral sex with boys as an alternative to intercourse and had done so with many different partners. Now I don't consider myself old-fashioned but this was somewhat shocking to me. I also began to realize that women were more sexually free than us guys. Be honest, how many guys could go out in one night and eat the pussy of 5 different women with out fucking any of them or making any commitment? It just doesn't happen. A woman could easily find 5 strangers, suck their cock, and walk away with no problems. 

I began to wonder why a woman would want to suck a cock but not fuck. Could it be that it was orally gratifying? Did the cock taste good? I grew increasingly curious about what it was like to suck a cock. I had cum into my own had before and tasted it. To my surprise it did not taste bad. I tried to find a position where I could lick my own cock but nothing worked. My curiosity kept growing by the day.

I was surfing the Yahoo personals one day to see if I recognized anyone when I noticed an ad from a guy "Bi-curious guy seeks first experience." As I read the add I found that the guy was a 32, a year younger than me at the time, married, clean cut, d/d free, and very discreet. This could have been my ad. Since at that time Yahoo personals were still free I decided to respond. As it turned out the guy was online and live about 40 minutes from me. I shared my curiosity with him and while talking I got so turned on at the thought of actually sucking a cock that we arranged a meeting that same day. 

My ex-wife was working a long shift and wouldn't be home until later that evening so I got in my car and drove 40 min to a meeting place we both knew. I arrived first at a pull off spot along the interstate. A few moments later Karl pulled up in a little blue Pontiac. We rolled down our windows and began our greetings.

"Hi I am Karl." This stranger said. Karl was about 6'1" 190 pounds and good looking for a guy. I am about 5'10" 175 and told that I am nice looking too.

"I am Dave, nice to finally meet you."

"How are we going to do this?"

"I can drive if you show me where to go." I said

"OK." replied Karl as he got into my car.

Karl told me "There is an old mining road just down this hill that nobody used on the weekends. We can have some privacy there."

My hands were sweating and my cock was hard as I drove down the road. Karl pointed the way. 

When we stopped I asked Karl if this was his first time.

"Yes." he nodded

I asked "Does your wife know you are here?"

He surprised me by saying "Yes she does. She has let me taste my cum sometimes when it is in her mouth. I told her that I would like to try the real thing. She was not real happy but she said she would support me as long as I was open with her and told her every detail."

"Wow, I wish my wife were like that! My wife would kill me if she knew." I replied

Nervously Karl then asked "How do we start?"

I felt as though a new person had just taken over my mind when I found myself saying "I will go first."

I eagerly leaned over to the passenger seat where Karl was sitting and reached for his belt. I quickly undid his belt and unbuttoned his button fly jeans. Karl lifted his ass off the seat to allow me to slide his jeans and underwear down to his ankles. He slid his seat back and reclined as I looked at his soft hairy beautiful cock. I reached out and touched a cock other than my own for the first time. I could not wait any longer; I swooped down with my mouth and began to lick the soft shaft. While it was still soft I took the whole thing in my mouth. 

"Oh that feels so good." Karl cooed.

I was in heaven. This was too easy. I could not believe that I used to think a guy sucking another guy's cock was disgusting. Was I wrong!

Karl's cock began to grow in my mouth. It was starting to push against my tonsils. I kept sucking although occasionally I had to release my lips when I would gag. I wanted to deep throat him so bad that I forced his hot cock in until I felt his pubic hair go up my nose as it rested against his skin. 

"That is amazing!" Karl said as I took his 7" cock all the way in my mouth.

I was loving the feeling of a cock in my mouth and the power I had over this stranger. I began to realize that I wanted to make him cum. I began to bob my head the entire length of his shaft, deep throating him every time.

"You're going to make me cum." Karl warned.

I just moaned and kept going faster and faster. I wanted his cum and he was not going to deny me. All of a sudden I could feel Karl's legs stiffen and his breathing grow deeper and faster.

"I am going to cum!!" Karl screamed

I plunged down as deep as I could into Karl's lap to make sure his cock was deep in my throat. Then it happened. I could feel this warm creamy fluid hitting the back of my throat. It actually tasted sweet, sweeter than mine ever did. I kept it in my mouth to get the full feeling of having cum in my mouth, and then I swallowed all of it. I continued to lick Karl's cock clean. I tried to lick his balls and coax them into giving me more cum.

"My God, that was the best blowjob I have ever had! My wife needs lessons from you. You say that was your first time?"

"Yes." I happily replied. "I am glad you enjoyed it."

Karl reached down and pulled up his pants and got dressed. I eased my seat way back. 

"I guess it is my turn now." said a nervous Karl

He reached over and slid down my sweatpants that I wore for easy access. My hard cock stood up to greet him. Karl leaned over and began to sloppily lick the shaft of my cock and fondle my balls. He then took the head of my cock in his mouth and sucked as he stroked my cock. 

"Mmmmm that feels good." I said

I kept waiting for Karl to take more of my cock into his mouth but he never did. His stroking was having its effect though. I could feel my load building. 

"I am going to cum!" I yelled to my novice cocksucker

Karl removed his mouth and proceeded to catch my load in his hand. Karl then grabbed some old fast food napkins in my car and cleaned my cock and then his hand. I was a little disappointed with what I felt was a half-hearted effort by Karl but he seemed real pleased.

"That was great! I am definitely going to do this again." Beamed Karl

I got dressed and drove Karl back to his car. We exchanged thanks and he drove off. On the way home I knew that I had just opened up a new door in my life. I realized why women like to suck cock. It is so gratifying to have that power over another individual and make him give you a tasty reward. All this time I thought men were the dominant sexual gender, but I was wrong! Now my eyes are opened and I will enjoy making love to women, eating their pussies until they cum and cum again but I will also enjoy getting oral gratification from sucking on a cock until I have relieved it of all its creamy treasure. The only question now is where to find more cock?