 PRELUDE

Walt woke up early Saturday morning and looked at the naked body in his bed. He stared at the lovely ass that he had fucked several times the night before. He had a morning piss hard-on and normally he would have fucked a girl's brains out with it before he peed. However it would serve no purpose fucking that ass until his bladder nearly burst. He got out of bed and headed for the bathroom to pee. After he relieved himself and washed his hands, he applied lotion to his cock and stroked back to hardness as he returned to his bedroom. 

He stood near the bed stroking his cock and staring at the lovely ass. Most women would kill for an ass like Robby's. Walt thought back to when he first became comfortable fucking cute gay guys. It was when he was stationed in France and he met a number of cute young Frenchmen who loved to get fucked with his big dick. Just then Robby rolled to his side and Walt decided to give him a wake up call. He got in bed on his side behind Robby. He applied more lotion and saliva making his cock very slick and then he eased it into the cute gay's ass.

Robby woke up when he felt the anal penetration and whispered, "This is my favorite position."

It was Walt's second favorite position for butt fucking. His favorite position was with Robby on all fours with his curvy bubble butt in the air. Walt began moving slowly in and out of his pretty neighbor and Robby guided Walt's hand to his cock. Walt grasped the 6" cock in his big hand and stroked it while he fucked the effeminate Robby. Walt was in no hurry as he loved being in Robby's ass and he always tried to prolong his ejaculation.

They stayed coupled in the spoon position for nearly a half hour. Robby came first and then Walt filled his rectum with his seed. Robby loved the feeling of cum shooting into him and Walt always produced large loads especially the first of the day. They stopped moving and Walt let his cock soften in Robby's ass and slip out on its own. Robby cooed when the big dick slid out of his ass.

"I'm going to put some coffee on," Walt said as he rolled out of bed and slapped Robby on his butt.

He left his bedroom and headed toward the kitchen. He walked past his roommate's bedroom on the way and saw that the door was open. He peeked inside to see if Ken was awake and he was. Ken was awake alright as he was fucking Robby's roommate Jeremy in the missionary position. Jeremy was jerking off as Ken fucked him. Walt smiled and moved on to the kitchen. He got the coffee started and then checked the weather outside.

It had snowed last night and small flakes were still falling. Normally on a Friday night he and Ken would go clubbing and chase pussy but last night there were blizzard warnings and they stayed in. So instead they invited their gay neighbors over to party with them. Robby and Jeremy were only to happy to join them as they loved getting fucked by Walt and Ken. 

Walt and Ken were best friends in high school and they still got along great. Walt had served four years in the service and Ken had graduated from college. Ken worked for a financial management firm and Walt for a technology company. Walt was also going to college three nights a week. Walt had shared his bisexual experiences with Ken and Ken in turn told Walt that he too had fucked some cute gays in college. 

Looking out the window at all the snow, Walt knew that they were going to be in the apartment all day. He and Ken would make the most of it and they would enjoy having Robby and Jeremy with them. As young virile men they were all capable of multiple ejaculations in a given day. So there would be plenty of sexual activity that Saturday and probably Sunday too.

MEETING ROBBY

Seven months earlier Walt met Robby at the apartment complex swimming pool. Ken was having an argument with his current girlfriend and Walt decided to leave them alone. He headed for the swimming pool wearing a Speedo bikini under shorts, a tee shirt and flip flops. When he arrived at the pool he saw that it was somewhat crowded and there was only one lounge left. He walked toward the lounge and when he got close he spotted a shapely slender girl on the adjacent lounge. 

The girl was well tanned and wearing a yellow bikini bottom. Walt could not help notice the gorgeous legs and killer ass. The girl was lying face down and had removed her bikini bra or so he thought. Walt approached the lounge and asked, "Excuse me, is this lounge available."

The girl rolled to her side and then Walt realized it was not a girl but a very pretty young man. "I'm saving it for my roommate," the guy replied but then he looked Walt up and down and changed his tune. "You can use it until he gets here and maybe one will free up by then."

"Thanks," Walt accepted and dropped his towel on the lounge. He removed his tee shirt and shorts and he noticed the guy checking him out. The guy's eyes roamed the muscular physique and then fixated on Walt's package in his Speedo. Walt and Ken loved to show off their fit bodies and wear tight fitting Speedos to the pool or beach. They were both former high school athletes and they had stayed in shape.

"My name's Walt," he introduced himself holding out his hand. "Robby," the guy replied shaking Walt's hand. 

Walt stretched out on the lounge and looked around the pool checking out the babes. No one caught his attention so he just kicked back and relaxed. He had a sense that Robby was still staring at him. 

"I'm going to take a quick dip. Would you watch my stuff?" Robby asked.

"Sure, no problem," Walt offered.

Robby got up and walked to the pool. Walt watched him and noticed his super fine ass again. He wondered if Robby was gay because he sure seemed effeminate and he was too pretty to be considered handsome. As Walt stared at the curvy bottom he thought that he would gladly fuck it given the opportunity. After a few minutes Robby returned to the lounge chair. He smiled at Walt and looked right at his crotch. The outline of Walt's cock was prominent in the Speedo and it appeared to be semi-hard. 

Walt and Robby chatted for almost an hour and got along fine. They shared information about where they worked and some of their interests. Robby's roommate Jeremy never did show up at the pool that afternoon. It was getting overcast and Walt decided to pack it in. Robby also decided to leave the pool. As they were putting on their short and tee shirts, Robby stunned Walt.

"Can I ask you a personal question?"

"Shoot."

"Have you ever had sex with a guy?"

"Yes, I have but I am not gay."

"I didn't think you were gay but I noticed you checking out my ass all day."

"You do have a very nice ass and I have fucked cute guys in the ass before."

"Would you like to come back to my apartment for a drink?"

"What about your roommate?"

"Oh he's probably gone somewhere since he didn't come to the pool. I'm sure that we will be alone."

"Okay, let's go."

Walt followed Robby to his apartment which wasn't that far from where Ken and Walt lived. Robby opened the door and called out for his roommate Jeremy. There was no answer and Walt was pleased. 

"I have white wine and beer."

"A beer is fine."

Robby poured a white wine for himself and served Walt a beer. They finished their drinks quickly as by then they were both anxious to get started. Robby took Walt into the bedroom and undressed with his back to Walt. He did that purposely so that his ass would be on display. He peeled the Speedo off and it was like unveiling a master piece. Walt felt his cock harden in his swimsuit.

Walt took off his shorts and tee shirt but Robby stopped him before he removed the Speedo. "Let me do that," Robby said his voice cracking slightly.

Robby knelt down in front of Walt and hooked his fingers in the Speedo. He pulled it down slowly so that Walt's big cock would spring out of its confinement. Robby gasped when big thick big bobbed in front of his face. He pulled the swimsuit down Walt's legs and Walt stepped out of it. Robby held the cock in his petite hand as he admired it. He lowered his mouth and sucked on the head. He would never be able to deep throat Walt's cock as it had to be close to eight inches long and it was thick.

Robby was an excellent cock sucker and Walt knew that he would cum soon. Robby pulled Walt closer and he began to fondle his balls and stroke his perineum. Walt was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded Robby's mouth. Robby handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of Walt's cock. Robby held onto Walt's muscular buttocks as he continued to suck Walt's cock keeping Walt hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass and lubricate my anus," Robby directed as he moved to the bed and handed Walt a jar of lube.

Walt followed Robby's instructions and began to massage Robby's ass. Walt then worked Robby's ass just as he had any of the guys and girls he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged Robby shapely buttocks and lubricated Robby's asshole. Walt put one then two fingers in Robby's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Walt. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Robby whispered sexily, "Not to deep at first and then deeper."

Staring the entire time at Robby's beautiful curvy ass, Walt got up on the bed and lowered his body onto Robby. Walt held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Robby's anus. Robby held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up Robby's anus and stretched the sphincter. Walt was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated Robby's ass. Robby's ass opened up and welcomed Walt's cock into the warm snug passage. Walt held still and let Robby move under him. Once Walt was satisfied that Robby had loosened up he began to fuck Robby with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Robby rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Walt like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Walt liked them in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Robby felt under him. Robby groaned repeatedly each time Walt buried his cock in Robby's ass.

Every time Walt drove his cock into Robby's bottom, Robby lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Walt wrapped his arms around Robby's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Walt felt just like he was in the ass of one of his women. Walt was so wrapped up fucking Robby's hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Walt shot another massive load, this time into Robby's rectum.

Robby groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Walt moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Robby until he was nearly drained. Walt pressed his body into Robby and remained still as Robby clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around Walt's shaft. Walt was still hard when he removed his cock from Robby's ass and got off the bed. Robby turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Walt watched Robby jerk off. 

Robby saw that Walt was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Walt moved back to Robby who lifted his legs to receive Walt's cock. Walt eased his cock back into Robby's well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Robby stroked his cock as Walt fucked him and Walt was pleased that he was still hard after cumming twice. Walt watched as Robby closed his eyes and felt Robby's sphincter tighten around his cock as Robby ejaculated. Robby's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Robby smiled and said, "I think that you like fucking me," Robby whispered.

"I could use another beer."

The two of them got another drink and sat naked in the living room. As they drank and talked they both got horny again. Robby moved over to sit next to Walt and played with his big cock. "I love your big cock. I could play with it all day. Let's go back to bed."

Robby entered his bedroom and within minutes Walt was buried balls deep again in Robby's tight asshole. Robby was flattened on the bed face down as Walt drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new lover. Robby's ass moved under Walt but Walt's strength and drive kept Robby pinned under him. Walt's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Robby's ass. His thick cock drove into Robby and then retreated until only the head remained in Robby's rectum. Robby felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing Robby to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!" Robby exclaimed.

Walt continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Walt sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Robby's hot ass. Walt felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Walt felt Robby's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. He stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck Robby's ass as the semen coated his shaft. 

Robby sensed that Walt was up for another round without pulling out of his ass and whispered, "Walt if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Walt rolled to his side keeping his cock in Robby's ass as he pulled Robby to the side. Walt's hands wrapped around and caressed Robby's body. Walt gently pinched Robby's nipples and kept fucking Robby until they both came. Robby came two times before Walt came in Robby's ass again. The first time Robby ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Walt lost it and dumped another load in Robby's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Walt's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Robby's asshole. By the time they were ready to get out of bed the semen had dried on Robby's body.

"I need to get going and besides I have nothing left. Thanks for a great afternoon Robby."

"I hope we can get together again. I would like you to meet Jeremy too."

"You know if Jeremy is as cute as you and a nice ass, my roommate Ken might enjoy fucking him."

"Oh that would be great. Jeremy and I love to party. Is he hung like you?"

"Not quite as big but close."

"Oh my God, I can't wait to tell Jeremy. It's supposed to rain tomorrow, maybe we could hook up then."

"I'll see what Ken has planned and let you know."

Walt put his shorts and tee shirt back on opting to carry his swimsuit and towel. He walked out of Robby's bedroom with a naked Robby behind him. He was surprised to see a guy who had to be Jeremy sitting in the living room drinking a white wine. Jeremy was cute, not as cute as Robby but cute. 

"Well you have been busy today," Jeremy blurted out.

"Oh Jeremy, you haven't been fucked until you've been fucked by this guy."

"Is that so?"

"No complaints so far, but I'm done for today." 

Jeremy stood up to greet Walt and they shook hands. Walt turned Jeremy away from him and checked out his ass. It was curvy and shapely, nearly as nice as Robby's. "Nice, Ken will like you too."

"Who's Ken?"

"My roommate, Robby can fill you in. I'll see you later," Walt concluded and left the apartment.

NEXT CHAPTER

Ken meets Jeremy and later get together with Walt and Robby.