 AUTHORS NOTE: I wrote a second chapter at the request of two readers who commented on the story. I tried to get creative with this chapter and I hope readers enjoy it.

*****

Ken was lounging around in his workout shorts when there was a knock on the door. "Hi, I'm Robby, is Walt here?"

"No he went down to the hot tub this morning."

"But it's raining."

"Yeah, I can see that. He likes it when it's a light rain as long as it's not stormy."

"Okay, maybe I'll go down there to see him."

"Are you the Robby that Walt told me about? The one he met at the pool."

"Yes, that's me."

"Okay and you have a roommate Jeremy right?"

"Yes that's right."

"Walt told me that you were a good fuck and that Jeremy has a sweet ass too."

Robby blushed as he replied. "Jeremy's home right now if you would like to meet him."

"Yeah let's do that. Walt and I didn't get laid last night. Let me put on a shirt and sandals."

He threw on a tee and his flip flops. The two of them walked backed the Robby's condo and Ken was already thinking about fucking a cute gay ass. He hoped that Walt's description of Jeremy was right on. They arrived at the condo and Jeremy was sitting on the sofa drinking coffee and looking at the morning paper. 

"Hey Jeremy, this is Ken, Walt's roommate."

"Hi Ken, welcome, would you like some coffee."

"Sure, I'll have a cup."

Ken plopped down on the sofa and admired Jeremy's ass when he got up to get the coffee. He thought that the day would not be lost after all.

"I'm going down to the hot tub to see Walt," Robby announced.

"You might want to bring some cream with you," Ken advised.

"We're not going to fuck in the outdoor Jacuzzi."

"You never know, I'd be prepared."

Robby changed into his swim suit and put on shorts and a water resistant jacket. He packed a bag with a towel and following Ken's advice he threw some cream in it too. He smiled when he saw Ken and Jeremy sitting on the sofa as he knew it wouldn't be long after he left that Ken's cock would be in Jeremy's ass. 

"I'll see you two later," Robby said as he left the condo. He avoided saying anything stupid like, "Behave your selves while I'm gone."

KEN AND JEREMEY GET FAMILIAR

Ken wanted to hear how Jeremy learned he was gay. Jeremy told the story dating back to when he was 18 years old. He didn't leave out any details and told the story in an erotic fashion. Ken was glued to every word and he actually got hard listening to the recollection. 

"Are you hard?"

"Yes," Ken admitted.

"Good, come over here."

Ken stood up with difficulty since his cock was rock hard in his shorts. He walked gingerly over to where Jeremy was seated and stood in front of him. Jeremy pulled Ken's workout shorts down making sure that the waist band caught on his cock. He moved the shorts up and down several times each time trapping the impressive cock in the elastic. He loved playing this game and watching the stiff dick bob around in front of his face.

Jeremy held Ken by the hips and drew him closer as he took his neighbor's cock in his mouth. He sucked on it for a short time bringing Ken close to his release but then he stopped. "I want you to fuck me," Jeremy directed.

They hurriedly removed their shorts and tees. Jeremy took a tube of lube and prepared his ass for Ken's cock. He next put a towel on the ottoman and pushed it over to the chair. He knelt on the ottoman and leaned over the soft easy chair. He arched his back to emphasize his curvy ass and beckoned his neighbor to him. Ken liked the look of Jeremy in that position and although his ass wasn't as big and round as Robby's, it still looked very inviting. He stepped up and guided his throbbing cock into the warm recess of the receptive anal passage.

Jeremy moaned softly as the big dick wormed its way in his ass. Ken began slowly and gradually picked up the pace as Jeremy loosened up. He looked down and all he could see was his stiff dick sliding in and out of the curvy bottom. He loved the sight as he drove all the way in and almost pulled all the way out. He could not see Jeremy's cock and testicles in that position and he always preferred fucking gays that way. He could be fucking anybody's ass, male or female.

He sensed that Jeremy was jerking off as he fucked him and that was fine with him. Jeremy groaned and announced that he was close to cumming. Ken picked up the pace and slammed his cock into him causing his shapely buttocks to jiggle with each thrust. He was getting close too and when Jeremy ejaculated that sent him over the edge. He felt the taut sphincter contract around his cock several times as Jeremy shot his load on the towel. He felt his scrotum tighten and his toes curl just before he shot an enormous load into Jeremy's rectum. 

"Oh, I feel it."

Instinctively he leaned over and wrapped his arms around Jeremy as he emptied his balls into the anal passage. He felt the contracting sphincter milk his cock and he loved the sensation. He slowly released Jeremy and moved back slowly slipping his cock out of the lovely ass. He was still hard as he watched his seed run out of the dilated anus down over the testicles and onto the towel. It had been a massive load and it took several minutes before it stopped flowing. Ken stood up with his erection waving in the air and he watched as Jeremy turned around and smiled at him. Jeremy was still hard too.

"That was fantastic. Just the way I wanted it. Let's have another cup of coffee and rest for a while." 

Jeremy got the coffee and told Ken to stay naked. "Leave your clothes off and sit with me on the sofa."

Ken sat next to Jeremy with the legs touching and both of them still sporting erections. They drank the coffee sitting naked on the sofa. A few minutes of rest and they were ready to fuck again. Still naked, Ken followed Jeremy to the bedroom. He could not help but admire the curvy ass that he was about to fuck again. They entered the bedroom and Jeremy got in bed on all fours and lubricated his anus. There was no need for any foreplay as they were both ready. Ken knelt behind him and eased his cock in the warm slick receptive hole. Jeremy moaned aloud as his channel was filled once more.

"Oh I love having you in me."

Ken drove his stiff dick in and out as he sought to cum a second time. Jeremy reminded him, "I want you to shoot a little in me and then pull out. Shoot some on my anus and then put your cock back in."

Ken continued to drive into Jeremy and when he felt his impending ejaculation he did as he had been asked. The first forceful stream shot into the rectum and Ken pulled out immediately after that. His next stream hit Jeremy's anus and then he put his cock back in but not all the way. He stroked the base of his cock jerking off into the dreamy ass and then removed it again. He watched as his semen leaked out which was his signal to gather it up with his cock and push it back in. He did this several times and he actually liked doing it. As he fucked Jeremy and moved his seed around, he noticed how truly effeminate Jeremy looked naked. His skin was flawless and he had virtually no body hair. He could easily pass for a girl except for his cock and balls.

Finished ejaculating, he backed away and then Jeremy rolled to his back and jerked off. He came in seconds and sprayed his body with his seed. Cum covered and temporarily drained, Jeremy suggested they shower. After the shower they dried off, put their shorts and tees on and returned to the family room. Jeremy put out some snacks and got a couple of beers. They relaxed and waited for Robby and Walt to return from the hot tub.

ROBBY AND WALT IN THE JACUZZI

The Jacuzzi setup at the condo was pretty neat. It was surrounded by a wooden platform with a cedar shake roof overhead. There were three steps leading up to the deck and it was 75% enclosed by a wooden fence. Walt was chilling out in the hot tub as the pitter patter of light rain bounced off the roof. 

Robby arrived and Walt was surprised to see him. "Hey Robby, what's up, what brings you here on a rainy morning?"

Robby took off his jacket and shorts as he replied, "Ken told me you were here when I went to your condo this morning."

"Really, where's Ken now?"

"He's having coffee with Jeremy at our place."

"That won't last long. Did he like Jeremy?"

"Yeah, I think so. They seemed to be getting along."

"Well come on in this water is great."

Robby entered the Jacuzzi and eased his body in slowly as he adjusted to the hot water. He eventually found a seat and jets to his liking. Walt smiled at him and they both relaxed in the warm bubbly water. 

"Can't keep your heart below the water for too long," Walt said as he sat up on the side of the tub. 

Robby watched as he pulled his bikini swim suit to the side and freed his big erect cock. "What are you doing? Are you crazy?"

"Relax Robby, no one can see us and nobody is coming down here in the rain. Come over here and suck my cock."

"I can't do that here, in public."

"Sure you can. I'll keep an eye out and if someone comes I'll warn you,"

Robby stared at the impressive cock that had been in his mouth and ass several times. He knew he couldn't resist the temptation. He moved over in front and lowered his mouth to envelop the stiff dick. Within seconds Robby was engrossed with sucking cock and dismissed all apprehensions. As he was sucking the big dick, the rain steadily increased until it was a near deluge.

"Oh cool, now I know that no one will be coming here. Robby move over to the side of the Jacuzzi, I'm going to fuck that hot ass of yours."

"I brought some cream, let me get it."

Robby climbed out of the hot tub and retrieved the cream from his bag. He re-entered the hot tub and leaned over one side facing the entrance. Walt pulled Robby's swim suit down to his knees and lubricated the curvy bottom. He pushed his swim suit down and eased his cock into Robby's welcoming rectum.

"Oh man, I can't believe that we are doing this outdoors. This is so fucking exciting," Robby squealed.

"You do have one fuckable ass."

Walt moved at a steady rhythmic pace sliding his thick cock in and out of the shapely bottom. He would pull back until just the head of his cock stayed in and then he would drive deep into the anal passage. He caressed the lovely buttocks that looked very enticing as they glistened with water. It was an unexpected surprise to see Robby that morning but Walt was going to enjoy every minute with him.

"Robby, I'm close. Do you want me to cum in you or on you?"

"Oh cum in me, I want to feel it."

The timer had shut off and the water in the Jacuzzi calmed but the two of them were unaware of the change. Holding on to the slim hips, Walt picked up the pace and drilled his effeminate neighbor. Robby's buttocks jiggled with each thrust which was always a turn-on for Walt. One final thrust and the cock was held deep in Robby's rectum as a torrent of semen flooded the anal channel. Holding his cock in deep he enjoyed the contractions of the sphincter around his pulsating shaft. 

Walt remained hard and kept his cock buried in the lovely bottom. The rain was really coming down and the opening to the hot tub looked like it had a water curtain over the entrance. Sitting back down, Walt lifted Robby with him and kept his cock in his ass. Needing desperately to cum, Robby jerked off while sitting on the big dick. He bounced up and down as he stroked his cock and then Walt felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft. His groans were inaudible due to the heavy rain as he shot streams of semen up into the air and into the hot tub. Robby leaned back into Walt with the big dick filling his ass and they both remained still for several minutes.

Eventually Walt lifted Robby up and let him sit on a Jacuzzi seat. Recognizing the timer had shut off; he got out of the hot tub to reset it. Robby watched as Walt climbed out of the tub with his still erect cock dangling from his body. He knew that he was in for another ass fuck that morning.

"The timer only goes for 30 minutes. Let's relax a little and then I'm going to fuck you again before the rain stops."

Robby slid along the seat and found a forceful jet that he placed his anus against. In a way he was douching his asshole in a hot tub. Even that was erotic for him. It didn't take long before he was bent over the side of the tub again with Walt's big cock drilling his ass. This time he pulled out and shot his load on Robby's back. Robby jerked off again while he was getting fucked and dumped another sizeable load in the water. 

"Come on, the rain is letting up. Let's go check on Ken and Jeremy," Walt announced.

The two of them got out of the Jacuzzi, dried off and put their shorts and tops on. Walt had just a tee and Robby had his jacket. They went commando carrying their wet bathing suits and towels. They walked back to the condo with Walt grabbing Robby's alluring ass several times.

JEREMY AND ROBBY PLAY DRESS UP

Walt and Robby joined the other two for beers and snacks and they shared their morning experiences with each other. Later that day for a finale, Jeremy and Robby had a surprise for Ken and Walt. They both dressed up like girls and it was actually a little daunting because they really looked like young women. They both wore long hair wigs, pantyhose, mini-skirts, and padded bras under their blouses. Walt and Ken actually liked the look once they got used to it. It especially was a turn on when they fucked Jeremy and Robby while they were clothed. Both mini-skirts were raised to the waist and the pantyhose were pulled down just below their buttocks.

It started with Ken and Walt sitting on the sofa with Robby keeling in front of Ken and Jeremy in front of Walt. Ken and Walt allowed their shorts to be lowered so that their impressive cocks were available. Robby sucked on Ken and Jeremy sucked Walt with their sweet mouths. The two gays kept sucking cocks keeping their guests hard until it was time to take their hot curvy asses. Jeremy lubed Robby's ass who in turn got his lover ready.

They knelt over the coffee table with their mini-skirts pushed up to the waist and the pantyhose lowered to just below their buttocks. They really looked like two pretty girls about to get butt fucked. It was the most erotic scene Walt had ever seen involving the gay guys. He and Ken were both excited to fuck the pretty gays in that position with their clothes on. After both of them came in the shapely asses, they kicked back with a drink and watched as Robby and Jeremy pleasured each other.

Still clothed Robby and Jeremy moved into a 69 position on the floor and sucked each other's cock. They were really turned on and it didn't take long for them to cum. In fact they both came twice before it was time to get their asses fucked a final time that evening. This time Walt fucked Robby and Ken fucked Jeremy. The entire time no one removed their clothes which made the entire evening more exciting. It took quite some time before they all ejaculated again and everyone was absolutely drained. Walt and Ken said goodbye to their pretty neighbors and thanked them for a fulfilling day. From that day on Robby and Jeremy would occasionally dress up like girls when the guys visited.

IN THE MOOD FOR SUSHI

A week later on a Saturday morning, Walt was sitting on the condo balcony reading the daily paper and enjoying a cup of dark roast coffee. Ken was not home yet as he had crashed at Patti's pad. Earlier Walt received a phone call from Robby inviting he and Ken over for dinner. It would be Japanese food and the gay neighbors would play dress up again. Ken arrived home about 10:30.

"Hey bud, am I glad to smell the coffee," Ken announced as he poured a cup and joined his roommate on the balcony.

"How did it go with Patti last night?"

"Good, we had a fun time and good sex. What about you and Julia?"

"Same, we had fun and good sex. I asked her out for tonight but she already had plans."

"Yeah, Patti has some family thing to attend tonight. What do you want to do later?"

"We could go clubbing again or we can accept our neighbor's invitation to come over for Japanese food."

"That sounds intriguing."

"Robby said they would play dress up again for us."

"I wonder if that means Japanese clothing."

"I don't know but that would be cool, Gay Geishas."

"My vote is the Japanese food and seeing what they have in store for us."

"I agree. If we go clubbing we can spend a bunch of money and still not get laid. This way the meal is free and we are guaranteed to fuck some cute asses."

"Let's do it,"

"I call Robby back and tell him it's a yes. I'll offer to bring some Sake too." 

The roommates stayed in that afternoon and watched the golf tournament on TV. Later Walt ran out to pick up Sake at the liquor store and then they walked over to their neighbor's condo. They had no idea about the surprise in store for them. Robby and Jeremy had gotten very creative for the evening.

Walt and Ken made their way to the neighbor's condo and rang the bell. Within seconds the front door was opened and they were greeted by Robby who looked like a beautiful Asian girl wearing a jade color silk dress. The dress had a high collar on it and it covered his neck. The wig was jet black and it was pulled back and tied into a long ponytail. They stared at him in all his beauty before stepping into the condo.

"Jesus, Robby you look fabulous," Walt remarked.

They followed him into the living room and noticed that the jade dress was cut up the side of both legs all the way to the thigh. The dress emphasized his shape as it hugged the padded breasts and perfect round ass. They watched Robby walk in front of them and focused on the inviting ass as it undulated beneath the tight fitting dress. Walt felt his loins stir just from looking at him.

Walt and Ken sat in the living room as Robby made a slight bow and then left. When he returned with drinks, Jeremy walked in with a tray of appetizers. They looked at Jeremy who looked almost identical to Robby except that the dress was gold. 

"I can't believe how good you two look," Ken acknowledged.

The two gays bowed slightly and then left the room. Walt watched as an ample amount of leg peaked out on the sides of both dresses and their cute round asses rolled with each step. He couldn't believe how beautiful they both were. Robby and Jeremy looked like two porcelain dolls, they were that fine. 

"They have great asses, don't they?" Ken said as if he was reading Walt's mind.

"They look beautiful! I have seen female impersonators in Paris but they did not look as good." 

"Hey, cheers, here's to a good time tonight!" Ken said raising his glass to Walt.

Walt returned the toast, "Cheers!" and he lifted his glass to Ken.

Jeremy told them that dinner was ready to be served so Ken and Walt took their seats at the dining table. Robby opened a bottle of wine and Ken gave his approval after tasting it. The food was brought out from the kitchen and served. The guests could not take their eyes off of Robby and Jeremy as they moved around the table and made several trips to the kitchen. They constantly caught glimpses of their bare legs through the slits in their skirts but it was their shapely asses that they salivated over.

Eventually Robby and Jeremy sat down at the table to dine with them. The meal was fantastic with rice, miso soup, sushi and tempura. Both tea and wine accompanied the meal and it was totally enjoyable. Following dinner Walt and Ken enjoyed some sake while the table was cleared. Next the gays came back in the dining area and stood like statues as if they waiting for a command.

"Are you in the mood for a blow job?" Jeremy offered.

Walt replied, "How could I refuse an offer like that?"

Robby and Jeremy smiled and they walked over and knelt on either side of Walt. He slid forward in the chair as they unbuckled his belt and unfastened his trousers. He then lifted his hips as they tugged his pants and underwear down past his knees. He was already hard when his cock came into view. It sprung up when his underwear cleared his pubes and he heard the familiar gasps from Robby and Jeremy.
