 Anyone who has ever explored their bi sexual side will have different reasons for doing it and why they decided to try it. I can't even try to explain why I tried it and to this day many years later I still can't give a reasonable explanation of why I started.

It all started about 6 years ago when I was visiting family in the north of England, my wife couldn't travel with me and I ended up going alone, it was late afternoon when I arrived and I said my hello's to my aunt and uncle who I was staying with, I went up to the spare room and unpacked my clothes and went downstairs for a meal which my aunt had prepared for me, after the meal we chit chatted about family for a while before I went upstairs for a shower.

I stripped off in the bathroom and admired my self in the mirror, I stood looking at my 6ft frame which was quite trim and my 5 inches of cock between my legs "not bad" I thought to myself. The warm water cascaded down my body and it felt good after my 2 hour long drive, I washed my self all over especially my groin which had become very hot and sweaty during the drive, I soaped over my cock and balls to the extent that I was bcoming aroused although I quckly snapped out of it when my aunt came into the bathroom to bring some fresh towels in for me.

I dried off in my room and looked what to put on, it was only a wednesday night so I put on jeans on over my boxers and pulled a t shirt on, I puta pairof trainers on and headed downstairs, "oh Joe" shouted my aunt, "yes" I replied "we go to bed early so here's a key for you to get in" she said as she pressed the key into my hand, "thanks I'll try not to wake you both up" I replied, she smiled sweetly and I headed through the front door.

I was staying near to the town centre so I had plenty of pubs to choose from, it was nearly 9pm when I got out so I only had a couple of hours to have a few beers, I went round most pubs around the town centre.It got to 11pm so I decided being as I felt ok I would go to a club for a few more drinks, the fact I was wearing trainers didn't help and I was turned away at 2 clubs because of this, I was just about to head back to my aunts when I noticed some lights down a side street, I went down to have a look and there was a doorman stood outside so I figured it was a night club and I headed towards it.

I got to the door and the doorman put his arm accross the door, "oh great another club with a no trainers rule" I thought, I looked at the doorman who said" you know this is a gay club mate?" Before I could sink this into my brain I just answered "Yeah I do" and without further qustion the doorman moved his arm away and I went inside.

It was like a cellar bar and there were a few steps down into the club and there was girl on the paydesk" two ponds please" she said with a smile, I dug into my pocket and pulled out two pond coins and put them in her hand "thanks" she said still smiling, the room was long and narrow with a bar at the back and a dance floor in the middle there were shelves running along each side of the room.

I headed to the back of the club where the bar was and got myself a drink, I then wondered up to where some shelving was and decided to park myself there while I had a look round the room.

Standing near mw were three guys who looked in there early twenties two of them had dark hair and were dressed casual and the third guy had blonde hair white t shirt and jeans on, they must have caught me looking at them as one the the dark haired guys smiled and I smiled back.

All three of them wondered over and the dark haired guy who had smiled at me said "hi I've not seen you in here before", "I'm just visiting the area" I replied, he smiled again as he looked me up and down, I felt quite wanted at that time and it's not often anyone takes a interest in me so I was finding the attention very nice.

They talked mostly with themselves involving me in conversation occassionally, I went to the bar for another drink and when I returned only the blonde guy was there, he moved closer to me and I felt his hand caressing my ass, when I didnt object he did it more.

I was starting to get turned on just by his touching me,"I've just got to go to the toilet" I said and I headed off to bathroom, I stood at urinals and the blonde guy came in and stood next to me and took his cock out and made sure I got a look at it."Can I give you a lift back to where your staying" he asked, "I'm not that far away" I answered, he looked at me and moved his hand away for me to see his cock again "so you wanna lift" he said with a smile, "ok" I replied "meet me outside the club in five minutes" he said as he left the toilets.

As I stood outside the club I was questioning why I was going through with this, I was in two minds about it, one saying go now and the other saying lets do it. He pulled up in his car and opened passenger door for me,I got inside and we drove off "so where are you staying" he asked "near Jackson Road" I replied, "I know a nice quiet place round there" he said, from that moment I knew we weren't going back to his place and we drove for a couple of minutes untill we got to a car park which was partially lit and he parked up in a dark corner.

With engine switched off he turned to face me this was it now I was about to break new ground, he leaned over and our lips met and we kissed opened mouthed with our tongues exploring each others mouths. His hand moved to my cock which was getting harder the more he felt it through my jeans, he broke the kiss off and started to move my seat back down until I was now horizontal, his hands began to undo my jeans and then he pulled them right down to my ankles, his mouth was then onto my cock sucking real hard on it he'd break off from it to wank me hard before returning to it to suck like I have never been sucked before.

I could feel myself ready to cum and placed my hands on his head which was a sign for him to suck harder, then I felt myself shooting into his mouth, he licked my cock making sure he got every drop.

He slumped back into his seat with my cum still on his mouth, he undid his pants and slid them down to reveal his hard cock which was about 6 inches, he put his seat back down the same as mine and I knew what my job was now.

I leaned oved and took hold of his cock and put my mouth over it and began to suck I sensed he might be able to tell I had never done this before, but the more I sucked the more he started to moan, while I had been fairly quiet while he sucked me he was very much the opposite.

"Oh yes thats it suck it hard for me make me cumm" he moaned as my mouth moved quickly over his stiff cock, his hands were now on the back of my head as he pushed my head even further onto him.

"Yesss that's it taste it" he shouted as I felt his body stiffen and my mouth felt his warm cum filling it, I thought I might choked but I seem to just swallow it like a natural and I finished off by licking his wet cockhead before lying back down.

We lay there for about five minutes and then another car pulled onto the car park, we dressed ourselves quickly and drove off where he dropped near to my aunts house. I never seen him again but I had plenty more visits to that club.