 I had gained quite a lot of experience over the few months that I had been meeting guys for sex.

I had met four off the internet and I decided that it was time to go back to where it all began and make an excuse to visit my aunt and uncle so I could go to the club without being reconised.

My excuse to go and visit my aunt and uncle came up when my mother rang me to tell me my aunt had been taken into to hospital, it wasnt too serious and she had been admitted as a precaution.

I felt a little guilty about using this as a excuse to get to where my aunt and uncle lived but my wife understood and said that I should go and visit her in hospital.

I drove up to my aunts in the morning and arrived just after dinner time, I went up to the hospital to visit her as soon as I got there.

She was sat up in bed looking well when I entered the ward, "you did'nt have to drive up here to visit me" she said.

"I wanted to make sure you were ok" I replied.

We spent the next hour chit chatting about family and other things. "Have you still got that key I gave you?" she asked.

"yeah Ive still got it" I said.

"Oh good because your uncle Jack has gone to pick up Mary and bring her to visit me and then he's taking her back and staying there the night so you have the house to yourself tonight"

"Ok" I said.

"So dont be bringing any women back will you" she joked

"No chance of that" I replied.

I thought if only she knew, I said my goodbye and headed back to her house to get something to eat and have a quick sleep before I got ready to go out.

I woke about 7pm and had a quick shower and changed into jeans and a shirt and headed off into town, I went round a few bars then decided to go a gay pub that I had read about on the internet.

There was nothing that screamed gay at you about the pub, it seemed like a ordinary pub that was frequented by gay people, I stood at the bar drinking when I heard a voice next to me.

"I've not seen you in here before"

I turned to see a grey haired guy in his 50's standing next to me.

"I'm not from round here, I'm just visiting" I answered.

"I'm Barry, nice to meet you" he said.

Not wanting to give my real name I plucked a name from the top of my head "I'm John nice to meet you as well" I replied.

We chatted for a short while until I finished my drink and was ready to move onto to the club.

"Will you be going down to the wood for some fun later?" he asked.

"Whats that" I replied.

"As you walk out of town near the canal there's a small wooded area, and you get a few guys hanging about there about midnight"

"Thanks for that, I'll keep it in mind" I said and I left the pub and headed to the club.

The club was fairly quiet and it got to about 12.30 am and I was wondering if I was gonna meet up with anybody, I was thinking about going out to the wooded area like Barry told me but I was nervous about meeting guys in that way.

My cock decided to rule my head and I left the club and began walking towards the woods near the canal, all the time I was walking there I kept asking myself if this was really a good idea.

I arrived at the canal and walked cautiously into the wooded area, it was dark but I could make out three or four guys stood about.

I stood around for about five minutes wondering if anything was gonna happen, a guy walked upto me and whispered "follow me" and walked to some trees at the far end of the wood.

I followed him and when I got to the trees he was stood there with cock out and wanking off.

"Wanna suck me" he whispered.

I crouched down and took his cock in my mouth, it was about 6 inches and very hard, his hands held the back of my head as I took his cock fully into my mouth.

"oohhh yesss suck it for me" he said in a hushed voice.

He pulled slightly back and started to wank off with the tip of his cock in my mouth, the next thing I felt was his warm cum on my tongue and lips.

Then he pulled his trousers up and walked off, my cock was soild in my jeans and I needed some relief quickly, all I could think was "selfish bastard" and I wasnt enjoying this cruising thing.

I was about to go back home and have a wank when a young guy came over to me, he reached out and began to feel my hard cock through my jeans. he moved closer to me and he kissed my lips, I responded and we kissed passionately.

"You want to come back with me?" he asked after he had broken the kiss.

"yeah ok" I replied.

We went down to the main road and hailed a taxi back to his house, it was a short journey and when we got there he said we had to be quiet as other people were in the house.

He was tall with a tanned complexion and what looked like a nice body, I sat down on a chair and he put on a gay porn film to watch, although I did'nt really need that as I was still very hard.

"Whats your name" I asked.

"Its Mark, what about you" he replied.

"I'm John" I said still sticking to my alternative name.

Mark took out his cock and started to wank off as we watched the porno, we sat there for a few minutes wanking off and then Mark said

"you want to go upstairs?"

"Yeah ok " I replied.

I followed him upstairs to a back bedroom which just had a double bed in it and some clothes scattered around the floor, we stripped off and got onto the bed, Mark was on top of me as we kissed and I gestured to him to move down my body to suck me off.

"Sorry I dont suck cock" he said.

I rolled him over on his back and went down on him, I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck hard on it, his legs were open as my fingers explored his ass, I moved my mouth down to his ass and my tongue explored his hole making him very wet.

I moved up his body untill my cock was pressing against his wet ass, I pushed further and he seem to wince as he felt my cock entering him, i started to fuck him each stroke becoming harder.

"I want you to come over me" he said as he struggled to get his words out.

I pulled out of him and knelt astride him as I wanked off, he pulled me down to him and we kissed passionately, I felt his hands on my ass cheeks and he pulled them apart and I could feel his cock pressing against my ass.

I slowly pushed back onto his cock until I felt his cock sliding into me, I sat up so I was now riding his cock, I wanked off as he fucked my ass until I shot all over his chest.

I leaned down over him and we kissed again as I felt him pull his cock out of my ass and shoot cum all over me,we lay there for a while until Mark wanted to get cleaned up.

While Mark went to clean up I decided it was time to get out of there and I started to get dressed, Mark came back into the bedroom still naked and switched on a small lamp.

"Can't you stay a little longer" he asked.

"No I'd better go" I replied.

I finished getting dressed and we went downstairs and we got to the hallway.

"Can't I persuade you to stay a little longer" Mark asked.

"No I have to get back" I said.

Mark dropped the sheet he was wrapped in to reveal his geat naked body, he sank to his knees and began to rub my cock through my jeans, he then unzipped them and took out my cock which was becoming harder, he took it into his mouth and started to suck, I was now very hard as he worked his mouth over my cock, sucking harder and harder until I couldnt hold back anymore, my body stiffened and my cum shot into Marks mouth and then he licked my cock clean.

Mark told me that he hoped we could meet up again sometime although to this day our paths have never crossed again, but you never know.