 Being as nothing exciting had happened to me in the last few months I thought I would write this one as this was my first experience with a guy without the aid of alcohol. This maybe should of been Ch 02 as it happened some weeks after my first experience, as always I hope you enjoy and maybe you have done the same when first starting out.

After my first experience in the club I looked around on the internet for guys who wanted the same as me, which was some no strings fun.

I started to chatting to a guy who lived in the same town as me, his name was Gary and he was also married and living the secret bi life.

After about two weeks of chatting we arranged to meet at his house one afternoon and take it from there.

The day arrived and I was nervous this was only going to be my second time with a guy and this time I wouldn't have any alcohol inside me for courage, I set off to Gary's house which was about a ten minute drive away.

I arrived outside the house and walked upto the front door, rang the bell and waited for the door to open, which was only about thirty seconds but felt like thirty minutes.

The door opened and there stood Gary, although we had not exchanged pictures, the description of himself seem very accurate, he was about 5"9 short brown hair and of average build, he wore a blue t shirt and a white pair of shorts.

" Hi come on in" he said as he moved aside to let me pass.

I walked in and he closed and locked the door before showing me into the living room, I sat down on the sofa and he sat opposite me on a chair.

We sat looking at one another before Gary broke the silence.

"So this is only your second time then?" he asked.

"Yeah it is " I replied as I felt the butterflies in my stomach and my cock still very flacid.

Many thoughts ran through my mind, maybe I wasnt bi, maybe it was just the drink that made me want other guys and my worry was what if I froze and couldnt get hard.

Gary could see the worry on my face.

" You ok , if you don't want to go through with it I'll understand" he said.

"No no I'm ok" I replied with a smile.

Gary came over and sat next to me and slid his arm round my shoulder.

"Do you like to kiss?" he asked.

"Yeah of course" I replied.

As soon as I had said yes Gary's lips pressed against mine and we began to kiss, our tongues pushed against each other and I could feel his hands pull my t shirt from out of my jogging pants and feel my chest.

As Gary did this my nerves had gone and I could feel my cock starting to get hard, his hands moved down and he started to stroke my hardening cock through my jogging bottoms.

He broke the kiss and whispered in my ear.

"Lets go upstairs".

He got up off the sofa and I followed him upstairs to the spare room where he sat me down on the bottom of the bed and pulled down his shorts to reveal a very hard 7 ins of cock.

He moved a little more towards me and guided his cock into my mouth, I was so horny at this point as I felt his cock sliding in and out of my mouth, I began to suck him harder and as I do I can hear his moans.

"Ohh yess, make me cum, ohh u suck so fucking good" he shouted.

His talking was only making me even harder and I hoped he would give my cock the treatment as I was giving him, he pulled his cock out my mouth and was now wanking off in front of me, his body started to jerk and I felt the head of his cock back in my mouth as it shot his cum down my throat.

Gary slid his cock out and I lay back on the bed , he pulled the skin back and fourth over his wet cock and a few drops of cum came out and dropped on my stomach.

Gary knelt down on the floor and pulled down my pants and boxers and took them off, his mouth was hovered over my cock but he moved up slightly and I felt his tongue on my stomach licking up the drops of cum that had fell on there.

Then the moment I had waited for, his mouth moved down to my cock, his tongue licking up and down the shaft before he started to suck on it, I wasn't sure how long I could hold on as the feeling of his mouth on my cock had me so horny.

He contiuned to suck on me and must have known when I was ready to cum as he took one hard suck on my cock which just brought my cum shooting out. 

Gary seemed to make sure he got every drop as he pulled away from me, I lay there on the bed and my feelings seemed confused, they were different from when I first did this with a guy, I wasn't sure if this was right and maybe I let my dick rule my head, my only thought at that precise time was to get out of there and quick.

"Are you ok?" asked Gary.

"Yeah I'm fine, that was great" I said.

"Come and get cleaned before you go" said Gary.

I followed him into the bathroom and he handed me a towel to wipe myself with, as I wiped over my body I looked at Gary as his half hard cock dangled between his legs and despite my strange feelings I moved closer to him and knelt down and took his cock into my mouth.

I started to suck on him and I could feel his cock growing in my mouth as I sucked, Gary then pulled his cock out of my mouth, at first I thought he didnt want sucking again.

"Lie down on the floor" he ordered.

I lay back and Gary got ontop of me in a 69, he slid his cock back into my mouth and I could feel my cock sliding into his mouth. We lay on the bathroom floor greedily sucking each others cock until we felt our cocks shooting cum into each others welcoming mouths.

We again cleaned up and got dressed and said we would arrange another meet where we would take it further, however not long after his wife found out about his other life and that was the end of that.

Since that encounter I feel better after having fun with another guy, wheather it's with or without alcohol, if any guys can relate to this please mail me.