 I was previously writing under the username Carling228, but after changing IP address and a few problems I have had to re register hence the new name.

*

With work and family life it had been difficult to meet with anyone, I had chatted to guys online but had been let down a couple times with meets so I was getting a little frustrated . I started exchange e mails with a guy who lived very close by, his name was Lee and he was a single gay guy who was 45 and lived alone, this seemed promising , we carried on chatting for a couple of weeks then I had a chance where I was available to meet up . He had give me his mobile number so I text him to say I was free to meet that evening , after a few minutes he text back to say he was at home and would be able to meet later that night.

We had arranged to meet at 9pm and Lee text me his address, as I walked towards his house I started to get a little nervous , it had been a while since I had met up with guy .

I got to his house and walked up to the front door, he had been looking out for me as the door opened before I got a chance to knock.

"Hi nice to finally meet you," Lee said.

"Yeah nice to meet you as well," I replied

He ushered me inside, there was no hallway as the front door led straight into the front room, Sam closed the and locked it , he stood in front of me wearing a black dressing gown , he was about 6ft tall and slim build with shortish grey hair that was brushed back. Without anymore words he lead me upstairs and into a bedroom, there was a double bed with the quilt pulled back, even though it was a winters night the room was well heated and felt very warm.

Lee watched me as I stripped off and got onto the bed , once I was there he took off his gown to reveal his naked body underneath, he was slim and as I looked at him my eyes moved down to his cock it was about 6 inches and quite thick. He got onto the bed and we lay on our sides facing each other , Lee kissed me lightly on the lips and I responded , the light kiss soon became a heavy one as our tongues pressed against each other . It seemed simultaneously that we reached for each others cock, I felt his hand on mine as he began to gently wank me as I did the same to him.

Lee broke the kiss and moved onto his back, I moved my mouth down to his chest and started to run my tongue over his nipples which were small but erect, I kissed them gently before moving slowly down his body. I ran my fingers up and down his hard shaft, I could see his cock head was already wet so I wasted no time in licking it to taste his pre cum. I took his cock into my mouth and slowly began to suck on it, my hands rubbed his balls as I carried on sucking on him, Lee's breathing got heavier as my sucking got harder, my fingers moved to his ass and I started to gently rub his hole .

I sucked him for a while then I started to lick shaft up and down and run my tongue over his wet cock head. Lee reached out and I felt his hand rubbing over my ass cheeks, he started to pull me , I knew what he wanted and I positioned myself over him in a 69, I carried on sucking him and I felt my cock sliding into his mouth, Lee slowly sucked me as his fingers caressed my ass.

Lee moved me down slightly and I felt his lips on my ass cheeks as he kissed them, then he pulled my cheeks open and ran his tongue up and down the crack of my ass, he pulled my cheeks further apart and I felt his tongue pushing against my hole. I opened my legs a little further as I felt his tongue licking my hole, he started to push his tongue further into my ass, my breathing got heavier and I could feel my cock ready to explode.

"Oh yeah," I moaned 

Lee pulled me back up so he could reach my cock with his mouth, he took it fully into his mouth , I was so horny that it was only a matter of seconds before I shot my cum into his mouth, he continued to suck to make sure he got every drop out of me.

I moved off the top of him and lay down on the bed, Lee immediately knelt astride me, he leant forward and pressed his lips against mine, again our tongues pushed against each other, I could taste my cum as we kissed. Lee pulled away and knelt up, he moved up the bed on his knee's until he was knelt over my chest, my head was propped up on a pillow, Lee positioned himself so his cock was right in front of my face, my arms were pinned to my side because of Lee's position.

Lee took a hold of the headboard and pushed his cock into my mouth , he slowly moved his cock in and out of my mouth , Lee started to speed up , he was now fucking my mouth hard sometimes pushing his cock deep into my mouth almost choking me. I could tell by his breathing and the quickening of his thrusts that he was close to cumming , he took his right hand off the headboard and took hold of his cock and he began to wank off . The head of his cock was inside my mouth, he gave out a moan and his body stiffened as I felt streams of cum inside my mouth , I swallowed it quickly before licking his cock head clean.

Lee moved off me and lay back on the bed, I was still horny and my cock was hard again, I reached down and started to stroke it, Lee smiled at me as he watched me wanking, myself. I could feel myself getting close to cumming, I briefly stopped and knelt up next to Lee, I carried on stroking and could feel my cock ready to shoot , I let out a breathless moan as cum shot onto Lee's chest, I carried on stroking for a few more seconds until the last drops had come out.

I moved up and knelt astride him so he could lick the head of my cock, as he did this he collected the cum I had just shot onto his chest onto his fingers and began to rub in between my ass cheeks , I felt one of his fingers rub around my hole, he then pulled his hand away and moved me down his body until I could feel his cock pushing against my ass.

"Do you want to?" he asked.

I just nodded and pushed onto his cock, I felt the head pushing against my hole I moved a little further onto it and his cock was now inside, I felt I could take some more and pushed down on him even more, I gasped as his cock went further into me, I pushed down one more time and I had his full cock in me. I started to move up and down so I was now riding his cock , after the first few thrusts it seem to get easier, and wasn't too uncomfortable, I got a quicker and as I did Lee's breathing got quicker, he pulled me down and we started to kiss, it felt passionate as he got closer to cumming , he broke the kiss and his body went rigid, I pulled up slightly and his cock slid out of my ass, he gave out a satisfactory moan as he cum over my ass.

I rolled off him and we both lay there for a few minutes recovering from what was a horny evening for us both. We got cleaned up and agreed that were going meet again, and next time I get to fuck his ass.