 My name is Brad. I know, the name sounds either gay or preppy. But, I'm single and have a busy work schedule. So I don't get to meet wild women, engage in sex orgies or the like. I just have time for occasional sex.

Besides; I sort of like men. Oh, I like women too, but I'll be honest, I've fucked just one man steady since college. I think I'm just too lazy to find a woman or another man for that matter, but it's worked out. It's been convenient and works for me, okay?

His name is Tom. We met in college. We had our first same-sex experience at a drunken frat party one night. We've had on and off, man on man sex ever since. It's very intense and there are no strings. With women you have to take time to build up a relationship first. Again, I don't have the time.

It was great the first three years, but then he started seeing some girl and our sex just dropped off dramatically. Well, to be honest, he would see girls and I was just a side thing for his kinky fantasies. He has more time on his hands than I do. It works for me.

So for the past six months I just have to take what I can get. Tom says I should find a girl too, but like I said, I work hard, but I'm lazy in the relationship department. Being bi-sexual may seem great, but it has its problems.

Things changed one night after work though. I work in a securities trading firm and stay late a lot. Many times I'm the last to leave, but one night the light was on in Jill's office. As I walked by I saw her touching tissue paper to her eyes.

"You okay, Jill?" 

"Yes. I'm fine." She said. 

"You don't look fine."

She looked at me with a cross between the cliché of puppy-dog eyes but mixed with a look that could kill. Jill and I had offices next to each other and talked a lot; although we didn't pry into each other's personal lives very much. Well, maybe just a little, 'cause she's cute and we get along. Nevertheless, she started to speak then shook her head.

"Go ahead, Jill. Get it off your chest. What gives?" I closed the door and stood in front of her desk.

"You're gay, right?" she said.

"Jill, just 'cause you are the only one in the office that knows I've had a relationship with a guy a few years, doesn't mean..."

"Brad, that makes you gay."

"I like women."

"So you can go out with anyone you want. Not just men, but women too. Nothing to tie you down."

"What's that got to do with you sitting here late, crying? Come on, Jill I'm your friend."

She dabbed her eyes again. She was incredibly beautiful, especially when she was upset. Dark brunette hair, oval face, soft eyes, full lips and a slender body that had a sleek model appearance with long legs that put a sexy form to the black business outfit with matching skirt she wore.

"Just between us girls?"

"Okay, if you want me to put on my gay ears, fine." I said.

"My boyfriend asked me to marry him."

"Jill, that's great." I said.

"No, not necessarily. We fell in love quickly and things are moving fast. I just don't know if I'm ready to settle down."

"Come on, Jill. I thought that's every girls dream."

Jill looked up at me. I hoped she didn't see me staring at her cleavage that pushed against her plunging neckline of her blouse. I was then self conscious of my own appearance and straightened my dress shirt and tie.

Not that I worried. It was just that Jill looked as if she was staring through me. Her eyes were penetrating. I wasn't worried because I did stay in shape. Heck, Tom seemed to like my biceps and pectorals I'd developed at the gym, my firm abdomen from sit-ups, my toned legs from daily runs before work and a decent tan from the tanning bed.

"When was the last time you fucked a woman?" Jill said. Her expression didn't change. She could have been asking me if I'd seen her stapler.

"Jill, I don't know what..."

"Brad. You don't understand. If I marry my boyfriend, I won't get to fuck anyone else."

"That's not what you said. You asked me..."

"I know what I asked you. You and I are friends, right?"

"Sure, Jill. But..."

"You said you like girls too, right?"

"Yes. But like you say, I don't understand what you're talking about."

"My boyfriend likes it because I'm...well. I'm pretty active sexually with him."

"Kinky? Sex-a-holic? What?" I asked.

"He likes it 'cause he's a raving sex maniac and I can fuck his brains out. But he doesn't know the half of it."

"You like playing the field. You're scared of fucking just one guy the rest of your life. You little devil." I smiled.

"I'm supposed to tell him tonight if I'll marry him."

"So what are you going to do?"

She got up from her desk and started to walk around to where I stood. Her hips swayed gently and maybe a little more provocatively than usual. "Let me ask you again. When was the last time you fucked a woman?"

"Whoa, Jill. I like you and all but if you think..."

"I think if I enjoy getting fucked by a gay guy..." She said.

"Jill. I like girls too." I added.

"Whatever. But if I enjoy a fuck from another guy after just fucking my boyfriend exclusively most recently; then its not time to settle down."

"You mean, if a mostly gay guy can please you then you're not getting married."

"I'm stacking the deck in my boyfriends favor." She ran her fingers through my hair as we stood in front of her desk. She then kissed my cheek. 

"By picking me. You're stacking the deck for him?" I said.

Jill reached over and locked the door. She then unbuttoned a couple of buttons on her blouse. "What do you say, Brad? What are friends for?"

I don't know what came over me. But I kissed her. I mean, she was practically throwing herself at me, what was a guy to do. Besides, my dick was hard, her perfume was wafting through my nostrils and I hadn't fucked a girl in a while, although I'm told I could get any girl I want. But girls require time, you know. For me, I just like quick, no strings fucks and it seemed like this qualified.

She plunged her tongue past my lips and devoured me. Her kiss was rapid and passionate. She clawed me like an animal as I stripped off my jacket and shirt while she somehow unbuttoned the rest of her blouse.

I reached under the loose blouse and freed her breasts from her bra, which she slipped off by reaching up her sleeves for the straps without fully removing her top. Her perky, full breasts peeked out in between the open front. I cupped one breast as we kissed, then another. She sat partially on her desk and stroked my hair.

Finally, I took one into my mouth. It was warm and Jill moaned her approval. Her nipples were hard and erect; her skin smooth. As I suckled her, my hands found their way up her thighs, beneath her skirt until they felt the edge of her silky smooth panties.

She lifted herself slightly and the panties slid down easily. Past her thighs, over her knees and while still sucking those wonderful breasts, I managed to slip them off her ankles. They landed somewhere nearby as Jill slid fully on the desk now.

My lips met hers again before working my way down her neck and back to her breasts. Only this time I could rub her ass beneath her skirt without the hindrance of panties. My fingers rubbed the sides of her ass cheeks as she sat on the desk then over the tops of her thighs. 

Jill spread her legs allowing enough room for my hand to wander between her legs. She was wet. It was a wonder there wasn't a puddle on her desk.

"Fuck me, Brad." She whispered as I continued to suckle her breast as my fingers began to probe her wetness. Now I might not have time to fuck often, but when I do, I try to please. So I resisted the temptation for the quick fuck she thought she wanted.

I lifted her skirt and leaned lower. My nose followed the musty sweetness of her pussy. I wanted to taste that sweetness and Jill leaned back then spread her legs so that I could.

I must say, it was the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen. She was nearly completely shaven except for maybe a delicate heart shaped tuft of fine hair on top. The smell was intoxicating.

A man had more of a musky smell that excited me. Jill had that similar aroma of sex, but with a touch of sweetness. My tongue touched the lips of her pussy and it tasted sweet as well.

After a few tentative licks and encouraged by the continued moans above me; I plunged my tongue into her and began to savor her wetness fully. Her pussy parted and I French kissed her there with deep kisses, licks and caresses with my mouth. 

Jill held my head and groaned louder. I licked her pussy up, then down before kissing her around and around then devouring her juices, which seemed to flow more freely.

"Oh, fuck me Brad. I can't stand it. Fuck me." She said. Her voice was halting, almost breathless.

I stood and quickly dropped my pants. Jill scooted to the edge of the desk and raised her legs exposing herself fully to me.

I'm not bragging when I say that I'm eight inches erect, at least. But no sooner had my trousers dropped to the floor, I aimed the head of my eight-inch dick toward that lovely feminine genitalia.

I seemed harder than usual. The head of my dick was purple; the skin on the shaft was tense. I pushed the head against Jill's pussy. I intended to slow down, make things last a little longer, but somehow I couldn't help myself once it touched her.

I penetrated her quickly; my dick disappeared inside her with one swift motion. With Tom, I was accustomed to slow penetration and a long slow fuck at first, but Jill wanted it fast and hard now. And I must admit, I wanted her fast and hard too.

Her wetness felt like fire to my dick as her pussy engulfed it; sucking it deep within her. I then pulled back and rocked my pelvis forward again and again, grasping her pelvis for support.

If there had been anyone in the outer office, they would have known two people were fucking inside. We both moaned and groaned in ecstasy, but didn't care. 

We fucked furiously for several minutes. Our hips pounded each other and soon my balls began to tingle. Jill was already tossing her head back and her eyes seemed to lose focus.

"Oh, Brad...I'm cumming. Fuck me...Oh, fuck me..."

My dick burned. It suddenly occurred to me that I didn't know if I should be cumming inside her, although at the moment I don't think she cared.

I pulled my dick out and started jacking myself off as I stood between her legs. Jill reached down and vigorously rubbed her clitoris and moaned louder. As she rubbed, she looked down at my dick in time to see white streams of fluid erupt from the tip and land in beaded ropes across her thigh and desk.

I think we shuddered in unison to each wave of orgasm that coincided with each stream flowing from my dick. As quickly as it had begun, it was over.

The smell of sex filled the room. There was silence except for our heavy breathing.

I helped Jill get herself together as I pulled my pants up and helped straighten her desk. I don't know what I expected; a debriefing or something maybe. All she said was, "that was a great fuck." Then she practically pushed me out the door.

"So did you decide?" I had to know.

"Yep. Thanks." She chirped and started out the door as well, kissing me on the cheek as she breezed by.