 * * * * * * * * * *

Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has a limited amount of male-female sex, as well as lots of male-male sex. 

* * * * * * * * * *

"Didn't expect to find you like this." Rick was standing in our apartment's open door, staring at me. I was sitting on the living room couch with my blue jeans and briefs bunched around my ankles, slowly stroking my stiff dick.

Rick already had a bulge in his jeans. It grew bigger as he looked me over. "What got you so turned on?"

"Close the door." I turned back to the big flatscreen. 

Rick closed the door and sat down on the couch beside me, alternating between watching the flatscreen and my hand sliding over my long hard cock. "What the hell is this?"

"What's it look like?" A young woman was lying on a bed with her long light brown hair flowing over the pillow, fondling her big breasts while pinching and twisting her swollen tan nipples. 

"Jesus!" Rick half-rose to his feet. "It's Kathy!" He looked at me, then back at the flatscreen. The bulge in his pants was bigger than ever. "Where'd you get this?" 

"It was on Bobby's phone." Bobby and Kathy had keys to our apartment. "She stopped by while we were in class. Left a bottle of wine and a note. Said she and Kathy were coming over . . . " The clock beside the flatscreen read 6:45 PM. " . . . in about an hour. For a little party."

"'Little party' huh? Sounds promising."

"Yep." It was Friday and we didn't have any exams or homework to worry about. "Guess it's gonna be a wild weekend." 

Rick and I exchanged lewd grins. "And her phone?" he asked.

"Found it on the kitchen counter, on top of the note." I grabbed the remote and pushed buttons to restart the video. "When I touched it, this video came up. I watched it for a few minutes, then made a copy."

"Are you recording?" Kathy asked from the screen. We couldn't hear the answer. "This is weird." Kathy put her hands on her breasts. "But super hot, too."

"You're sure hot." It was Bobby's voice. She was holding the phone over Kathy's face and chest. "I'm already getting wet. Just from watching you."

Kathy giggled. "Everything gets you wet." She started playing with her breasts. 

"We were right." Rick unzipped his jeans and took his cock out. "They are fucking."

"That bother you?" I reached over and gripped his swollen pole, running my thumb and index finger over its head. It was already leaking precum.

He grabbed my rod while staring at the screen. "Fuck no! This is sexy as hell."

The video passed the point where Rick had come in and the view moved down Kathy's body. Rick and I jacked each other off while we watched Bobby's hand guide a big purple vibrator in and out of Kathy's pussy. She rolled her hips, humping the softly-buzzing toy. 

The view pulled back to show Kathy's body from her head to her knees as she screamed and thrashed. "Oh God!" she gasped. "This is so fuckin' good!"

"That's right, Baby," Bobby said. "Come for me. Good and hard." Wet sounds mixed with Kathy's cries as Bobby fucked her with the vibrator.

"This is wild," Rick said. "I never figured . . ." Kathy's screams grew even louder.

"Yeah," I answered. "Lesbian stuff is hot, anyway. But when it's your girlfriends . . ."

"Think Bobby forgot her phone?" Rick asked.

"Bobby's super organized. She never forgets anything." I was getting too close to coming. I caught Rick's hand to slow it down. "Especially not her phone."

"So she left it deliberately. And this video . . . " 

"They wanted us to see this," I said. "They know that we know about them." 

"Think they know about us?"

Someone knocked on the door. "Guess we're gonna find out."

I turned the video off. Rick and I stood up, stuffed our hard cocks back in our pants, and went to answer the door. 

It was Bobby and Kathy, half an hour early. They stepped inside and closed the door behind them. They were both tall and athletic with big breasts. Kathy had blue eyes and shoulder-length brown hair. Bobby's eyes were green and her blond hair was collar-length.

They were wearing tiny blue jean cutoffs and sprayed-on tee-shirts with bare midriffs. Bobby's was blue and Kathy's was pink. Their nipples showed through the tightly-stretched cloth. "Fuck me now!" outfits. 

"Hi boys," Kathy purred. She looked at the big bulges in our jeans and smiled. 

Bobby was also smiling as she inspected our oversized packages. "Looks like you're glad to see us."

"Always," I answered. Rick just grinned. 

Bobby stepped forward and hit me with a full body kiss, plastering her body against mine and flattening her breasts against my chest, grinding her crotch against the bulge in my jeans, and kissing me open-mouthed, with lots of tongue. Beside us, Kathy was dirty-kissing Rick.

Bobby caught my hands, and put them on her breasts. I caressed the firm flesh while pinching her pebble-hard nipples between my index and middle fingers. She ran her fingers over my hard-on. "Your big sexy gun," she whispered. "Already in firing position."

She rubbed my crotch harder. "Guess you liked the video."

"Uh . . ."

Bobby laughed softly and kissed me again, hard. "We could hear it from outside."

"Were you standing there listening?"

"Just for a couple minutes. We figured it would get you boys turned on." She squeezed my balls briefly, then went back to rubbing my stiff dick through my jeans. "Worked pretty good."

"Damn good." I ran my hands down her back and gripped her muscular buttocks. "What now?"

"This." Bobby unfastened my belt, unzipped my jeans, and pushed them down. She looked at my crotch and grinned. My swollen cock-head was sticking out of my low-cut briefs. She caught it between her thumb and index finger and pinched it gently, smearing the precum oozing from its tip. 

"This is gonna be good. Real good." She sank to her knees and stroked my rod through my tightly-stretched briefs while kissing and licking my exposed cock-head. Then, she pulled my briefs down and started sucking my dick.

Beside us, Rick was fondling Kathy's breasts. She'd pulled his pants and briefs down and was stroking his stiff cock. They were staring at Bobby and me. He looked startled. She seemed both scared and excited. 

Kathy looked at Rick. "I'm going to suck your cock." And she did. Enthusiastically. 

Rick looked as surprised and self-conscious as I felt. Watching each other with our girlfriends was kind of weird, but also a massive turn-on. 

The tension was building in my balls. Rick was stroking Kathy's hair as she moved her mouth up and down his stiff rod. He moaned softly, the way he did when he was getting close.

Bobby stopped sucking my dick and looked up at me. "Don't come." She stood up and kissed me. "I've got other plans for you."

"Same here." Kathy rose to her feet and kissed Rick, long and hard, then came over and kissed me, just as passionately, while Bobby kissed Rick.

Kathy was just as good as Bobby, but her kisses were different. So was the way she touched me, and the way she responded to my hands on her body.

Finally, Kathy stepped back. "You kiss good."

"So do you," I answered. 

"Good as your boyfriend?" Bobby asked. She and Rick were holding each other tightly, with her big breasts flattened against his chest and his stiff dick pressed into her belly. She was looking at us, grinning widely. I wasn't sure if she was asking Kathy or me. Maybe both of us.

Bobby and Kathy pulled away from Rick and me, then peeled their tee-shirts off and tossed them on the couch. Bobby had little pink nipples and quarter-sized areolas. Kathy's nipples were big and tan with dark tan areolas the size of half-dollars.

They kicked their shoes off, then removed their tight cutoffs, leaving them dressed in tiny thongs. Bobby's was blue and Kathy's was pink, matching their tee-shirts.

"Come on, boys," Bobby said. "Out of those clothes."

Rick and I undressed quickly and stood facing the girls, naked and hard. 

Kathy was staring at Rick and me. "Sweet." 

Bobby was gazing at us just as intently. "Told you. Two great big studs."

The girls stepped out of their thongs and handed the little scraps of fabric to Rick and me. They were soaking wet. 

"See how hot you've gotten us," Bobby asked. Her protruding pussy lips were clearly visible through her sparse black pubic hair. A thick pelt of light brown pubic hair hid Kathy's neat little slit.

I lifted the pink thong to my face and inhaled deeply. Kathy's hot female scent was strong and sexy. My dick got even harder. Rick was smelling Bobby's thong. His pole was as stiff as mine.

"What now?" I asked.

"You've seen us playing," Kathy said. "Now, it's our turn."

"What do you want?" Rick asked.

"To watch you two," Bobby answered.

"Uh . . . " 

"Guess that's fair." I pulled Rick's body against mine and kissed him on the mouth. He held back for a moment, then relaxed. His tongue danced against mine.

I reached down and wrapped my hand around our stiff cocks. Rick moaned softly and grabbed my butt as I slowly stroked our shafts, rubbing our cock-heads between my thumb, index, and third fingers. 

"So fucking hot," Bobby whispered. I turned to look at her. She and Kathy were kneeling a few feet away, fingering their pussies as they watched Rick and me.

"Way better than the gay videos on the Internet," Kathy said. 

Rick and I kissed, even more aggressively than before. Playing with his rod was always a big turn-on. The soft liquid sounds of the girls masturbating made it even more exciting.

I pulled my face away from Rick's. "I'm gonna suck your cock now."

He looked at the girls. "You wanted a show. We'll give you a good one." 

I kissed his swollen knob briefly, then took most of his length in my mouth. 

Rick kneaded my shoulders while I moved my compressed lips up and down his shaft, occasionally pausing to suck his cock-head and probe his cum-slit with my tongue. "Fuck," he whispered. "That's good." 

The girls were getting louder, breathing hard as they fingered their pussies. 

Rick grabbed my head and started fucking my face. I squeezed his balls and jacked my stiff cock as he thrust his shaft down my throat. 

"Oh fuck!" Bobby cried. She screamed as she came. Kathy was coming along with her, moaning and gasping for breath. 

"Jesus! . . . H! . . . fucking . . . Christ!" Rick growled. He rammed my face harder and faster. I kneaded his balls roughly and jacked his pole violently. 

"Shoot it, big boy!" Bobby yelled. "Let us see you come!"

Rick's balls tightened and his cock throbbed. At the last second, he pulled out of my mouth and sprayed hot cum in my face. 

"That was great." Rick pulled me to my feet and kissed me. 

"It's Trav's turn!" Bobby was kneeling beside me. She grabbed my stiff prick and jerked it roughly. I turned to face her. After a few strokes, I shot a big load on her breasts. 

Bobby spent a few seconds examining her chest, then looked up at me, grinning. "I love it when you spray my tits." She giggled. "It's almost as good as you coming in my mouth." She grabbed my hands, pulled me down on my knees, and kissed me.

"You're all messy." Bobby leaned forward and licked my face. 

"Yum!" Bobby looked at Rick. His dick had softened, but was still long and thick. "Now I know what your cum tastes like."

Kathy pushed me aside and bent over Bobby's chest. She spent a long time licking Bobby's breasts and sucking her nipples. "That's tasty too." She looked up and down my body, lingering on my half-erect cock, before turning back to Bobby. "Trav's cum tastes just as good as Rick's."

"Know what we want now?" Kathy asked. 

"What?" Bill asked.

"To see you guys fucking." 

"Come on," Bobby said. "Let's go to bed." She and Kathy took Rick's and my hands and led us into my bedroom.

My king-sized bed almost filled the room. My computer desk and two office chairs took up most of the remaining space. Bobby and Kathy sat on the chairs with their legs spread, facing the bed.

Rick and I turned so the girls could see everything we were doing and tongue-kissed while fondling each other's hard cocks. 

"Fuck, that's good," Kathy whispered. She and Bobby were playing with their breasts and fingering each other's pussies. The sound of their heavy breathing and their sharp hot scent filled the room.

"Enjoying yourselves?" I asked.

"Yeah!" Bobby answered. "Great show. So far. Now, it's time for the main event."

"Guess we can manage that." Rick wrapped his hand around my pole. "I like taking this big stiff cock up my ass." He looked at the women. "You should try it."

Bobby laughed nervously. "I'm not ready for that."

Kathy looked frightened. "I think boys are built different."

Rick shrugged. "You'll see. Someday." He ran his hand up and down my hard-on, rubbing my swollen cock-head between his thumb and index finger. He gestured toward the bed with his free hand. "Let's give the girls a show."

Bobby and Kathy stood near the foot of the bed, holding hands. Rick lay on his back with his knees folded against his chest, lifting his butt. 

I squeezed a line of lube onto my finger and pressed it into the center of Rick's asshole. It went in easily. 

"God, that's sexy," Kathy said. She and Bobby bent over to stare as I twisted my finger while working it in and out of Rick's butt.

"Way better than the videos," Bobby said. 

I looked at her. "B-b-b-baby, you ain't seen n-n-nothin' yet." She and Kathy giggled. It was a line from one of the 70s songs Dad had listened to constantly while I was a kid. 

I put more lube on my finger and stuck it back into Rick's tight hot asshole. "I'm ready for something bigger," he said. "Longer and thicker." He looked at my stiff pole. 

"Can do." While the girls watched, I smeared lube on my hard dick, knelt on the bed between Rick's open knees, and took him with one long slow slide, stopping with my balls pressed against his butt cheeks. 

"Fuck," Bobby whispered. She and Kathy were standing beside the bed with their hips pressed together, fingering their pussies while they stared at Rick and me. 

Rick laughed as I slowly pulled out, then pressed back in. "That's what Trav's doing." He looked into my eyes. "Fuck me faster. And harder. Pound the hell outta my ass. Give the girls a real show." 

"All right." I grabbed Rick's ankles and pushed them toward his shoulders, spreading his legs wider, lifting his butt higher, and driving my cock deeper into his ass. 

"Oh my God!" Bobby whispered. "Awesome!" Kathy echoed. They worked their fingers in their pussies, making liquid noises, as I pulled almost out, then slammed home, hard and fast, slapping my crotch against Rick's buttocks. 

Bobby's and Kathy's moans turned into screams, steadily growing louder as I hammered Rick's ass. The pressure built in my balls.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Rick jacked off frantically. "Shoot that big gun. Right up my butt."

"Got a big hot load! Here it comes!" I wanted to come inside him, but the girls were expecting a show. I pulled out and stroked my hot rod: once . . . twice . . . three times . . . 

Cum burst from my tip. A dozen heavy pulses, spraying Rick's crotch and belly as he squirted long ropes of cum onto his chest and face. Kathy and Bobby screamed, coming right along with Rick and me. 

I leaned forward and kissed Rick. It was both passionate and tender, somehow different from the way a woman kissed. 

Bobby's and Kathy's screams gradually died down. They were still standing at the foot of the bed, with their legs open and their fingers inside their pussies. 

Bobby turned to face Kathy and pulled her fingers out of her pussy. They gleamed with her juices. She cupped her big breasts, pinching her nipples between her index and middle fingers. Kathy copied her. Then they kissed, long and hard, while rubbing their breasts together. 

Rick and I stood up. The girls stared at our hard-ons. "Ready to go again?" Bobby asked. 

"Sure." 

Bobby bent over the bed and waved her ass at me. My cock grew even harder as I stared at the sexy puckered hole between her beautifully sculpted buttocks. "Okay," she said. "Stick it up my butt. Right now. One time offer."

Kathy giggled nervously. Rick just stared. I lubricated my finger and pressed it into Bobby's tight little asshole, slowly and gently stretching it. She was breathing hard. I put a hand between her breasts and felt her heart pounding. 

Bobby suddenly screamed and jerked away. "Guess I'm not ready," she said. "I want it. But not yet." She hesitated. "Not quite yet."

"That's all right." I took her in my arms and kissed her. "I'm not in any hurry."

Bobby wrapped a hand around my slick cock, then made a face and looked down at the lube on her belly. "You're . . . we're all messy."

I laughed. "That's how it works. Let's go get cleaned up."

The four of us crowded into the shower. We took a long time washing each other: Bobby and me, Kathy and Rick, Bobby and Kathy, Rick and me, Rick and Bobby, Kathy and me . . . 

We finally got out of the shower. Bobby and Kathy went into the kitchen to get the wine. Rick and I got the pot out and sat on the living room floor. He leaned over to me and whispered, "Told you. It's gonna be a really wild school year."

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *