 It was Saturday night. Bobby and Kathy were spending the weekend in Houston. Rick and I had never been to a gay bar, and we'd decided this would be a good time to check a few of them out.

We started at Tempest. It was a high-tech place, with a gigantic dance floor and an immense crowd, mostly men, with a few women clustered in tight little knots. The DJ was playing EDM so loud we had to shout. We left after one beer. 

Harry's Garage was quiet. Too quiet. The dance floor was empty. Two women were shooting pool and there were a half-dozen men at the bar. A guy was sitting at a table by the door, reading something on his phone. "The crowd starts coming in around 9:30," he said. "The male dancers start at 11:00."

I glanced at my watch. 8:15. "Maybe we'll come back later." 

The Rainbow Ranch was two doors down from Harry's. The decorations and music were country. It was half full, pretty well divided between men and women. About a third of them were dressed like cowboys and cowgirls. The music wasn't insanely loud and people were actually talking to each other. The men and women mixed more than they had at Tempest. A dozen male-male and female-female couples, and a lone male-female couple, boot-scooted around the dance floor. 

We ordered double shots of Quervo Gold and bottles of Dos Equis and sat in one of the booths, padded benches facing the center of the room with narrow drink tables in front, to watch the action.

Rick and I were starting on our second rounds when a cute Hispanic guy came up to our table. He was slightly shorter than Rick or me with a weightlifter's body, wearing a tight-fitting black muscle shirt, sprayed-on blue jeans that displayed an impressive package, and Mexican-tooled cowboy boots. He had a crew cut, a neat mustache, and a closely-trimmed goatee. "Want to dance?" he asked. 

Rick looked surprised. I guess he'd never thought about dancing with another man. Well, neither had I.

Why had we come to a gay bar? I smiled at the sexy guy and rose to my feet. "Sure."

He took my hand and led me to the dance floor. A new song was starting. It was a fast one. He was a good dancer. 

The next song was slow and the DJ dimmed the lights. We danced with our bodies pressed together, rubbing crotches.

I could see him grinning in the swirling colored dance floor lights. "First time with another man?" 

"Uh . . . yeah. Dancing, anyway."

"Thought so. You're getting hard." One of his hands slipped down to my butt. It startled me, but I didn't even think about pushing it away.

I pressed against him even tighter. "You're kinda hard, too." 

He kissed me. His mustache and goatee felt strange, but exciting. "He your boyfriend?"

I'd never thought about it that way. "Guess you could call it that."

"You share?" 

My cock grew even stiffer. "We've never talked about it."

"You're new at this." He paused. "Bet you have girlfriends."

"Well . . . yeah." I wasn't sure what else to say. "It's kinda complicated."

"That's okay. Life's complicated."

The song blended into a new one and he led me off the dance floor. The place was getting crowded. We stopped at the end of the line at the bar and he kissed me again. "I'm Jorge," he said. "What's your name?"

"Trav. And my friend is Rick." 

More people had joined the bar line. "I'm gonna get a beer," Jorge said. "See you in a minute." He patted my butt, then turned away.

Rick had been watching us. "Gettin' kind of personal there, Trav."

"Yep." I drank half my tequila and followed it with a long swig of beer. "Felt good."

The music was too loud for anyone else to hear us, but I still leaned closer and whispered. "His name's Jorge. He'd like a three-way."

Rick sipped his beer. "What do you think?"

"He sure is sexy. Bet he'll be good in bed."

"What about the girls? Think they'll be pissed." He drank more beer. "You know they'll figure it out."

"Bobby and I talked about that. She'll cut my nuts off if she catches me with another woman, but the idea of me with a guy turns her on. I drank the rest to the Quervo and finished my beer. "How about Kathy?"

"Same thing." He held up his bottle. It was empty. "So. You wanna?"

"Hola." It was Jorge, carrying three bottles of Dos Equis. I got up to let him sit between Rick and me. "You guys work it out?" He squeezed my thigh, then turned to face Rick.

"Dunno." Rick picked up his empty shot glass, stared at it briefly, then set it down again. 

I stood up. "I'm going to get some more tequila." I looked at Jorge. "Want some?"

"Sure. Double Quervo Gold. Naked."

I must have looked puzzled. "Know what they call it with salt and lime?" He didn't wait for me to answer. "Dressed." 

"Naked." I let the word hang in the air. "That's how we like it."

"Just your tequila?"

I smiled and turned away. As I walked to the bar, I could see Rick's and Jorge's reflections in one of the mirrors mounted on the far wall. They were both staring at my ass.

There was a crowd around the bar and it took a while to get our drinks. When I got back, Rick and Jorge were holding hands and gazing into each others' eyes. Rick leaned forward and kissed Jorge. 

I set the drinks on the little table and looked at Rick. "We gonna do it?"

"What do you think?"

I bent over the table and kissed Rick, and then Jorge. This time, he used some tongue.

I sat down and pressed my knee against Jorge's. His and Rick's hands were resting on each others' thighs. "Let's drink up and hit the road," I said.

"Sounds good," Jorge said. "Your place okay? I live in South Austin with my sister and her husband. They're cool with me being gay, but they've got a five-year-old son. They don't want me bringing guys to their house."

* * *

We finished our drinks, got in my truck, and headed for our apartment. Jorge and Rick spent most of the trip kissing and feeling each other up. Sometimes, Jorge would reach over and fondle my hard dick through my jeans. I tried to concentrate on driving.

As soon as our apartment door closed, Jorge growled "Your turn." He pulled my body to his and tongue kissed me roughly while rubbing his crotch against mine and kneading my buttocks. 

I was about to cream my shorts when Jorge pushed me away. "I'm gonna suck your cock now." He looked at Rick, who was standing a few feet away, staring at us. "Both your cocks."

Jorge unfastened my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my blue jeans, then sank to his knees and pulled my jeans and briefs down around my ankles, freeing my painfully stiff pole. 

"Madre de Dios! You're big." Jorge wrapped his hand around my swollen shaft, kissed my tip, slowly licked my bulging cock-head, then finally took me in his hot wet mouth, clamping his lips around my coronal ring and probing my cum-slit with the tip of his tongue.

"God! That's good!" I gasped.

He let my cock slip out of his mouth and looked up at me, grinning. "Good as your girlfriend?"

"Better." I moaned softly as he went back to sucking me, slowly moving his tightly-clamped lips up and down my rod while gently squeezing my balls.

Jorge went faster, bobbing over my stiff cock, clamping my shaft tightly and kneading my balls roughly, occasionally pausing to lick and suck my swollen knob.

"That is so fuckin' hot!" Rick whispered. He was jacking his own hard cock while watching Jorge and me.

Jorge looked up at Rick. "Bet this is the first time you've seen a guy sucking another man's cock."

"Yeah." Rick straightened up and let go of his dick. It stayed standing, hard and proud, with the precum oozing from its tip running over its head and down his shaft. "Trav's the only guy I've been with."

Jorge stood up and kissed Rick. "He's not going to be the 'only one' for much longer."

Jorge sank to his knees. Rick grabbed his shoulders, pulled him back up, and kissed him again. "I'm gonna suck your cock now."

Rick sat on the couch and Jorge stood in front of him. Rick unfastened Jorge's blue jeans and pushed them down around his ankles. He'd gone commando and his cock was already rock hard. 

Rick and I stared at Jorge's stiff pole. It was almost as big as Rick's and mine, with a pink bell-shaped head, a chocolate-brown shaft, and darker-chocolate balls, covered with tightly-curled black pubic hair. 

Rick wrapped his hand around Jorge's rod and pulled him closer. "Trav and I think we taught each other pretty well." He kissed Jorge's tip, then slowly stroked his shaft while licking his cock-head. "You can tell us how good we did." He took half of Jorge's length in his mouth and started bobbing up and down. 

I took a step forward and almost tripped with my pants around my ankles. I sat on the floor and watched Rick sucking and jacking Jorge while I took my shoes and socks off, followed by my jeans, briefs, and shirt. Naked and rock-hard, I stood up and moved toward the couch.

Jorge gripped Rick's head and roughly thrust his cock into his mouth, fucking his face. 

I stayed frozen, staring at the scene. It looked like a porn video, but it was real. It was Rick, my friend, lover, guy I swap girlfriends with . . . And Jorge, the hot guy who'd kissed me, sucked my dick, and promised me a lot more. I could tell he was the kind of dude who delivered what he promised. 

Jorge drove into Rick's mouth and down his throat while Rick kneaded Jorge's balls and jacked his own stiff cock.

I stroked my rigid pole while staring at Jorge's sexy rolling buttocks, then thought of something better to do with my hard-on.

I smeared lube on my hot rod and pressed it between Jorge's butt cheeks. He rocked back, driving my full length up his asshole. 

"Jesus!" Jorge cried. "I'm gonna . . ." He moaned and humped Rick's mouth. 

"Fantástico!" Jorge's hard cock slipped out of Rick's mouth. It was slick with spit and cum. "You guys are muy caliente!" He looked down at Rick. "I'm going to suck you now." He turned to me. "While you ram my ass."

Jorge fell to his knees in front of the couch and wrapped his hand around Rick's swollen pole. "So sexy," he whispered. 

He looked over his shoulder at me. "Fuck my ass. Good and hard." He turned back to Rick. "While I suck your big fat hard cock." He bent over Rick's crotch. 

"Oh God!" Rick gasped. "That is fuckin' good!"

I put my swollen knob between Jorge's gently-rolling buttocks and pressed forward, sliding my stiff cock into his hot tight asshole. I held still for a moment, all the way inside, then started fucking him, hard and fast.

Jorge bobbed on Rick's hard pole while rolling his buttocks in time with my rough thrusts. 

Rick leaned back on the couch, slowly rocking his hips. "Fuck yeah!" he whispered. "Suck my cock! Squeeze my balls!" Rick gasped. "God! So fuckin' hot!" He moved his hips faster. 

Jorge's ass muscles clamped my driving rod when Rick rose from the couch, gripped Jorge's head, and fucked his face.

Rick looked down at Jorge. "Ready for a hot load?" Rick waited for a moment, although Jorge couldn't answer. "Well, it's coming . . . Right now!"

Rick moaned and rammed Jorge's mouth. "Fuck yeah," Rick whispered. "Swallow all that cum."

"Here I come!" I slapped Jorge's butt. "Deep inside your ass." I must have fired a dozen pulses up Jorge's asshole before I ran dry. 

"Jesus! That was fucking good." Jorge's ass muscles clenched my long hard pole. "Your hot cum. Filling my ass."

I bent forward and kissed the back of Jorge's neck. "Hot sexy ass," I whispered.

"Hot sexy men!" Jorge stood up and my cock slipped out of his butt. He grabbed Rick and kissed him.

"You fucked my face." Jorge kissed Rick again. "Shot a huge load."

"You taste your cum?" Jorge asked. "In my mouth?" Rick grinned and nodded. 

Jorge pulled me to my feet and kissed me, with a lot of hard hot tongue.

"You sucked my dick," I whispered to Jorge. "Now, it's my turn." I sank to my knees, wrapped my hand around his shaft, and took its swollen head in my mouth, kissing and licking it. 

"Santa María!" Jorge stroked my hair gently as I sucked his balls, slowly licked my way up his shaft, and finally clamped my lips around his cock-head and stroked it with my tongue. 

Jorge moaned and gripped the sides of my head, holding me in place as he drove his stiff rod in and out of my tight lips. 

I gripped the base of his thrusting pole with one hand and squeezed his balls with the other, jacking him off while he fucked my face. That got him even hotter, but also let me slow him down when he got too rough. 

Frank was standing behind Jorge, doing something. "You like that finger?" he asked.

"Jesus! Yeah!"

"Ready for something bigger?"

"Soon." Jorge pulled his cock out of my mouth, twisted away from Rick, pulled me to my feet, and kissed me roughly.

"You fucked my ass," he said. "Now, I'm going to fuck you."

"Oh yeah! How do you want me."

"On your back." 

"Okay. Let's go into the bedroom."

I lay on the bed with my legs folded against my chest, lifting my butt and pulling my ass cheeks apart, watching Jorge through my open knees. 

"That's right." Jorge squirted lube onto his finger and slid it up my asshole. "Jesus! You're ready."

"Yeah." My cock throbbed as he fingered my ass.

"I'm gonna fuck you now." Jorge pulled his finger out and pressed his cock between my buttocks.

"That's right," I said. "Fuck me. Good and hard."

"Jesus!" Jorge said. "You are one hot fuck." He grabbed my ankles and pushed them over my shoulders, rocking my body as he rammed my ass.

Rick moved behind Jorge. "You're getting my cock, now." 

"Okay," Jorge said. "Fuck me."

"Here it comes," Rick said. Jorge moaned softly and his cock throbbed in my ass. "Oh yeah," Rick said. "Sweet hot tight asshole." 

Jorge rolled his hips in time with Rick's thrusts, steadily plowing my ass. "Oh fuck!" he gasped. "Two guys . . . Never thought . . . It'd really happen." He thrust into my ass with each phrase. 

"Oh God!" Jorge cried. "I'm gonna . . . " His hot cum splashed my anal walls.

Jorge stopped moving, keeping his cock deep inside me. His body shook as Rick hammered his ass. "Yeah!" Rick gasped. "Take my load!"

Rick flopped down on the bed beside me. Jorge pulled out of my ass and sank into one the office chairs in front of my desk. "That was great." His hard cock gleamed with lube and his cum.

Rick and I sat on the edge of the bed, looking at Jorge. "What do you mean 'was?'" I asked. "We're just getting started."

"Good." Jorge wrapped one hand around his rod and stroked it slowly, pinching his cock-head between his thumb and index finger while he stared at Rick's and my hard-ons. "Jesus! I still can't believe it. Two guys at once. Seems like a dream."

"It's our first time, too. I'm not dreaming." Rick glanced at me, then looked back at Jorge. "Don't think Trav is, either."

"Nope," I answered. 

* * *

It was light outside when I woke up. We'd kept going until 1:30 AM, then fell asleep with Jorge between Rick and me.

Jorge and Rick weren't in bed, but I could hear noises coming from the living room. I got up and followed the sounds.

Rick was leaning back on the couch. Jorge was sucking his cock. They both looked up at me. My rod was already hard and ready for action . . . 

* * *

Jorge left at noon. He was going to catch a bus, but Rick and I insisted on taking him home, after we'd traded phone numbers and email addresses. 

We were silent for most of the trip home. "You wonder what Bobby and Kathy are doing?" I finally asked.

"Yeah," Rick answered. "One thing for sure. When they get back, we've got one helluva story to tell them."

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *