 * * * * * * * * * *

Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has male-female and male-male-female sex, as well as male-male sex.

* * * * * * * * * *

Rick and I were about to settle down for a Sunday afternoon of sports highlights when the text arrived. "Change of plans," I said.

"What's happening?" Rick asked. 

I handed him the phone. Bobby's message was on the screen. "@ Elgin. bringing surprise. B ready to party." We hadn't been expecting Bobby and Kathy. They'd planned to go straight home when they got back from Houston. 

"Surprise," Rick said. "Be ready to party . . ." He smiled at the bulge in my sweat pants. "Things are looking up."

I put my hand on Rick's crotch and felt his hardening cock through his clinging running shorts. "Couple of things sure are up." We kissed, then I pulled away. "We should save it for the girls."

"Yeah. They'll be here in half an hour. We better get ready." He grinned. "For whatever they've got planned."

It didn't take us long to shave, shower, and get dressed. We'd been waiting for almost 15 minutes when Bobby and Kathy knocked on the door.

They came in, dressed in super short skirts and tight tee-shirts. Their nipples showed through the stretched cloth. A slim figure with short hair and a flat chest, wearing blue jeans, cowboy boots, and a checked cowboy shirt, followed them. 

"This is Andy," Bobby said. "We met her at Cowgirls." That was a lesbian bar in Houston.

"Hi, Andy." There was something super-sexy about her short hair and boyish figure. My cock was already getting stiff.

Rick was staring at Andy with a bulge in his own pants. "Nice to meet you."

"Same here." Andy set the briefcase she was carrying down by the door. "Bobby and Kathy told me a lot about you guys."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah, we did," Bobby said. She kissed me while Kathy kissed Rick. "We didn't think you'd mind." She caught my hand and slipped it up her skirt. I felt bare skin between her legs and popped an instant boner.

Beside me, Rick laughed. "Naughty girl." He had his hand between Kathy's legs and was doing something that made her moan.

Bobby stepped away and Andy moved into my arms. "Hope you're not mad." She kissed me before I could answer, pressing her little tits into my chest and grinding her crotch against the big bulge in my jeans.

"Nope." I slid my hands down her back and cupped her buttocks. They were tight, muscular, and very female.

"Good." She kissed me again, then turned to Rick and kissed him.

I looked at Bobby and Kathy. "What now?"

"We watch you and Rick," Andy answered. "I've never seen two guys."

"Two guys doing what?"

Andy grinned. "Sucking. Fucking. All that nasty stuff."

Rick and I stared at her for a few seconds, then looked back at Bobby and Kathy. 

Bobby blushed. Kathy looked at the floor. "You really did tell her everything." Kathy wouldn't look up. Bobby just nodded.

"We'll make it worth your while," Andy said.

"How?"

"Just trust me." She looked at Bobby and Kathy. "Trust us."

"Okay." I looked at Rick. "How about it?"

"Sure." He looked from Andy to Bobby, then Kathy, and back to Andy. "You girls gonna join in."

"We just want to watch," Andy answered. "For now."

"All right." Rick plastered his body against mine and we kissed, hard and open-mouthed with dueling tongues. 

I reached between our bodies, unfastened our jeans, and pulled them open, freeing our stiff cocks. 

"Jeez," Andy said. "You guys are fuckin' horses." She was sitting on the living room couch between Bobby and Kathy. 

Kathy laughed. "Our studs will give you the ride of your life."

"I've got to try that. Later." Andy unbuttoned her cowboy shirt and pulled it open, showing her sexy little tits, then unfastened her belt and blue jeans. Bobby and Kathy opened their legs. Their short skirts rode up, displaying their bare pussies.

I kissed Rick again, then sank to my knees, wrapped my thumb and index finger around the base of his long stiff pole and clamped my lips around its head.

"That's right," Andy said. "Suck him. Suck that big fat cock." She kicked her boots off, removed her jeans and cowboy shirt, then leaned back with a hand inside her plain white boyshorts. Bobby and Kathy caressed Andy's thighs while they fingered their own pussies.

I kissed and sucked Rick's wide cock-head, tasting the pre-cum leaking from its tip. "Yeah," he whispered. "That's so good." 

I let his cock slip out of my mouth. "We're just getting started." I looked over at Bobby, Andy, and Kathy masturbating on the couch. "That okay, girls?"

Without waiting for an answer, I lowered my head to Rick's cock and took its head and part of its shaft in my mouth.

"Jesus . . . H . . . fucking . . . Christ . . ." Andy whispered. "They're really doing it." I gripped Rick's balls tightly enough to turn him on without hurting him and slowly bobbed my head over his hot rod, gradually taking more of his length in my mouth. 

"That's right, cowboy," Rick said. "Eat my big hard cock." He rocked his hips and stroked my hair and shoulders as I sucked him aggressively.

Rick's swollen rod stayed rock hard when I let it go and moved down to lick and suck his balls, taking one, then the other, and finally both into my mouth.

"Holy fuck!" Andy stood up and walked over to get a better look. 

"Hey!" Kathy said. "We want to see, too." 

Bobby pulled Andy back to the couch. "Watch now. Play later."

"Okay. Sorry." Andy put her hand back into her boyshorts. The fabric between her legs was soaking wet. 

The women moaned softly as I licked my way up Rick's hard shaft. When I reached the top, I gripped his pole and jacked it slowly while sucking its head. 

Rick said, "I'm gonna fuck your face." He put his hands on my shoulders and rolled his hips, thrusting his cock into my mouth. I deep-throated it easily. To give the girls a better show, I acted like I was struggling.

My hard-on waved in the air as Rick hammered my mouth. The women on the couch screamed and drove rough fingers into their pussies.

Rick's cock was throbbing when I let him go. "I don't want you to shoot. Not yet."

"All right," he said. "What now?"

"I fuck your ass."

"Yeah!" Kathy said. "Trav's gonna ream my boyfriend's ass." She jumped to her feet and ran into my bedroom, returning a few seconds later with a squeeze bottle of lube. She handed me the bottle. "Let him have it."

"Oh, he's gonna get it." 

Rick and I stripped. He got down on his hands and knees in front of the couch. "Come on, big boy," he said. "Give it to me. Good and hard."

Andy took off her boyshorts and threw them at Rick and me, then spread her legs, showing us her smooth-shaved crotch and neat little pink pussy. 

Bobby and Kathy removed their tee-shirts and skirts. "Come on, boys," Kathy said. "Let's see some butt fucking."

"You mean like this?" I coated my index finger with lube and pressed it into the center of Rick's asshole. It slid in easily.

"Oh God!" Andy whispered. "Trav is going to fuck Rick's ass."

"Yeah," Bobby said. "It's so sexy."

I twisted my hand as I moved my finger in and out of his asshole, spreading the lube around. "You like that, Stud?" I reached between his legs and gripped his rock-hard cock. "Sure feels like you do." I pulled my finger completely out of his ass, added more lube, and slid it back in.

Bobby, Andy, and Kathy were all sitting on the edge of the couch, fingering their pussies and fondling their breasts.

Rick glanced at the women, then said, "Come on, Trav. Fuck me for real."

"You got it, cowboy." I smeared lube on my hard cock and moved behind Rick. 

"Do it," Bobby said. "Do it now."

I turned to face the couch. "Are you sure I should?"

"Fuck him!" Andy cried. Bobby and Kathy joined her in a chant of "Fuck him! Fuck him! Fuck him!"

"All right." I gripped my shaft and positioned my cock-head between Rick's muscular buttocks, then hesitated. I usually slid right in, all the way to my balls. This time, I was going to give the girls a show.

"Come on," Rick said, playing along. "Just take it easy."

"I'll be gentle." I pushed my cock-head into Rick's sexy puckered hole, gradually stretching it open. 

"Oh fuck!" he gasped. "You're big."

"Just relax and take it." I pulled out slightly, then pushed in deeper. When he tensed up, I stopped and repeated the process. 

The women got off the couch and knelt on the rug beside us with their legs spread, playing with their tits and pussies, filling the room with their heated female smell while they watched my cock slowly opening Frank's asshole. He was keeping it virgin tight, making me work to get inside. The friction and pressure on my swollen cock-head felt even better than full-on fucking. 

Rick's tight little anal ring relaxed and my hard rod slipped into him easily, all the way to my balls. 

"Your big thick cock!" Rick gasped. "So good!"

"Yeah. Good for me, too." I pulled almost out, then slowly slid back in. 

"That's right," Rick said. "Fuck me now. Good and hard." 

After a few long smooth strokes, I pulled out until my cock-head was kissing his little puckered hole, then slammed home, slapping my pelvis against his buttocks.

"Jesus!" Andy said. She, Bobby, and Kathy fingered their pussies frantically as I hammered Rick's ass.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Rick gasped, rocking back to meet my cock thrusts. "So fuckin' good."

My driving cock throbbed as I rammed Rick's ass even harder and faster. "I'm gonna . . ." I yanked my pole out of Rick's ass and sprayed pulse after thick pulse of cum on his buttocks. Beside us, the girls were screaming as they came.

Rick suddenly stood up and turned around, then grabbed my shoulders and pulled me toward him. His hard cock was long and thick, flushed with blood and leaking precum. 

I gripped the base of his stiff shaft and squeezed his balls while I sucked his cock. 

"Jeez, Trav," he whispered. "This is great." He pushed my hand away from his swollen rod and gripped my head, holding it still while he drove his hard cock into my mouth and down my throat. I held on, kneading his balls roughly while he fucked my face. Precum and saliva leaked out of my mouth, running down my chin and dripping on my stiff pole. 

"Here it comes!" Rick cried. He pulled his throbbing tool out of my mouth and jacked it roughly, shooting long streams of thick hot cum on my face and chest.

Andy stood up, flattened herself against Rick, and kissed him long and hard. "That was amazing."

"It's just shooting cum," he answered. "Nothing special."

"It's a really big turn-on." She let Rick go and turned to face me. Her belly was shiny with the cum she'd picked up while humping his stiff dick. 

She kissed me open-mouthed with lots of dirty tongue action while rubbing her chest against mine, smearing Rick's cum all over her sexy little tits. "I love cum," she whispered. "Feeling it. Tasting it . . ." She licked my face, carefully cleaning it off. It reminded me of a super affectionate dog, but I decided not to tell Andy that.

After she'd licked most of Rick's cum off my face, Andy stepped back and looked down at my cock, rock-hard and glistening with lubricant. "Ready to go again?"

"Uh . . ." I looked over at Bobby. She grinned and nodded her head. "I guess. I mean . . sure."

Andy bent over and waved her sexy little butt at me. "Come on. I'm ready for your big hard cock."

"Okay." I smeared more lube on my stiff rod and pressed it between her buttocks. She moaned softly as I slowly stretched her asshole. My cock-head pushed through her tight little anal ring and I slipped the rest of the way inside. 

"Yeah." Andy's ass was incredibly hot and tight. "That's good." She grabbed Rick's hard-on and pulled him closer. "I'm gonna suck your big stud cock." She looked back at me. "While Trav fucks my butt."

"Give it to her good," Bobby said. She and Kathy were standing on either side of us, staring at my crotch pressed against Andy's buttocks. 

I slowly pulled all the way out, paused with my cock-head barely kissing her little pink puckered hole, then pushed forward and slid back in easily. "That's right," Andy whispered. "Fuck my ass. Good and hard." She squeezed Rick's balls and sucked his stiff cock while I took her butt with long slow thrusts.

"Jee . . . zus!" Bobby said. I looked from her to Kathy and back. Both women's nipples were swollen and their pussy lips were shiny with their juices. 

"Enjoying the show?" I asked. Bobby nodded. Kathy just giggled softly. "Good. We're just getting started." I gripped Andy's hips to hold her in place, pulled almost out of her ass, then slammed home, making a loud slapping sound and shaking her slender body. 

"Oh yeah!" Andy gasped. "Pound my ass. Just like that." She squealed when I slammed her again. "Don't hold back. I can take it."

"You got it, cowgirl." Andy moaned and sucked Rick's cock frantically while I hammered her ass. He grabbed her head and held it still while he fucked her face. Bobby and Kathy were screaming and driving rough fingers in and out of their shiny wet pussies while they watched us. 

"Too much!" Rick yanked his cock out of Andy's mouth. "Can't come. Not yet."

My cock throbbed as I fucked Andy with long hard thrusts. Rick gripped her shoulders to steady her as she came, shaking and screaming loud enough to scare the neighbors. When she'd finally spent herself, I pulled my rod out of her ass and kissed the back of her neck. "Kinda soon for me, too."

Andy straightened up and kissed Rick, then turned around and kissed me. Then, Bobby and Kathy kissed me. And Andy. And Rick. 

The kissing went on for a long time. Andy finally turned to Rick. "You'll be ready to shoot again soon." She looked at me. "And you, too."

"Oh yeah," Rick and I answered in unison.

Andy kissed Rick. "Get on your back. I want to ride your cock."

Rick lay on the floor. Andy straddled his hips, facing him, and lowered her dripping pussy onto his stiff rod. "Fuuuccckkk . . ." she whispered as his long hard tool slid smoothly into her. "That's right!" she gasped. "Fuck me!" 

"Okay," Rick said. "Here we go." He rocked his hips, driving his cock deep into her pussy. 

"Fuck yeah!" she gasped. "Give me your big hot hard cock." She squealed and humped his sliding pole.

My hard-on grew even stiffer as I stared at the sexy little hole between Andy's rolling buttocks. I knelt between Rick's spread knees and pressed my swollen cock-head into her asshole.

"Put it in, Trav," Andy said. "That's what I want. Need . . ." She gasped as my cock slid smoothly up her ass. "Yeah. Always wanted . . . two men . . . so good. Now, fuck me. In my cunt and asshole."

She and Rick held still for my first slow strokes. Her asshole was hot and tight. My hard cock rubbed Rick's stiff pole through the thin wall of flesh that separated them.

"That's really great," Rick said. "Your hot pussy. Trav's cock . . ." He rolled his hips, setting up a counterpoint to my sliding cock. 

"Oh fuck!" Andy moaned, squeezing her little tits and pinching her tight nipples. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" She rubbed her clit while swinging her hips in time with Rick's and my thrusts. "Oh yeah! . . . So good . . ." 

She bent forward and kissed Rick, then turned to Bobby and Kathy. They'd left the couch and were kneeling on the floor, playing with their big tits and wet pussies. "Your boyfriends are . . ." Her body stiffened as she came. ". . . Oh wow! . . . Fuckin' super-studs!" She rocked faster, driving Rick's and my cocks in and out of her pussy and asshole.

"Yeah . . ." Bobby jacked her clit like a tiny dick while roughly fingering her pussy. "They are." 

The tension built in my nuts as I hammered Andy's ass. "I'm getting close . . ."

"I want to see it," Bobby said. 

"Here it comes!" I pulled my throbbing cock out of Andy's hot tight ass and fired pulse after heavy pulse of cum onto her rolling buttocks. 

"Oh fucking Jesus!" Kathy screamed. "Shoot that big hot cock." Bobby was moaning beside her, driving three fingers in and out of her wet pussy. 

I stood up and stepped away. Andy screamed, coming hard as she rode Rick's cock. "What?" she cried when he grabbed her hips and brought her to a stop.

"Girls wanna see." He lifted Andy off his cock and laid her on her back, then slipped his stiff pole back into her gaping pussy. "And I'm gonna give you a righteous pounding."

Andy screamed and thrashed, coming hard as Rick rammed her. "Ready cowgirl? . . . For a big hot load?" He pulled out and sprayed his cum on her bare crotch and gaping pussy lips.

"God!" Bobby said. "That was so fucking good!" She and Kathy were still kneeling beside us, breathing hard. She pulled her fingers out of her pussy and rose to her feet. "Our own live sex show." She put her hand on Kathy's shoulder. "You like it, Babe?"

"Fuck yeah!" Kathy stood up. "Our sexy Houston girlfriend . . . stuffed and mounted by our studs." She giggled. "Double-stuffed, actually."

We wear all ready for a break. Rick and Kathy took a quick shower and went to bed in his room. They were sound asleep by the time Bobby, Andy, and I got out of the shower and went to bed. I fell asleep between Bobby and Andy.

When I woke up, I was alone, but I could hear faint sounds. Rick's door was open. Kathy was on her hands and knees at the foot of the bed, rolling her hips and screaming softly. Rick was standing behind her, ramming her pussy. I watched them for a few seconds, then went on into the living room.

Bobby and Andy were sitting on the floor facing each other and fucking with a double-headed dildo. When they saw me, they pulled the big red tool out of their pussies and stood up. 

Andy looked at my boner. "He rises again."

"He's always ready." Bobby wrapped a hand around my shaft and slowly ran her fingers up and down its length. She kissed me and then said, "I'm ready for some ass-fucking. That all right with you?"

"Oh yeah!" I answered.

"Good." Andy's briefcase was sitting near the couch. Bobby opened it and took out a long thick flesh-colored cock-and-balls dildo attached to a black leather harness. "It's your turn."

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *