 I am a straight, middle-aged married man - sometimes happily, some times not. Like many readers of this column I developed male sex fantasies late in life, fantasies that were fueled by these stories and gay porn. But I never had the guts to take action...until yesterday.

Although not overtly, I am somewhat of an exhibitionist and frequent a nude beach nearby. I enjoy exposing myself to the sand, sun and ocean and watching others do likewise.

Now that summer has past I usually have the beach to myself in the mornings. Yesterday was no exception so I was free to pick any spot away from the water, back the sand dunes. After an hour of solitude a man came wandering down the beach. From a distance I could see he was naked and that his slim body was hairless. I enjoyed the view for several minutes until he passed out of sight.

About 10 minutes later I was laying back with only my face covered when someone spoke to me.

"Hi."

It was the man I watched pass earlier except he was now wearing swim shorts. I sat up and crossed my legs to sort of cover my nakedness.

"I wanted to know if nudity is okay here, but I can clearly see that it is," he said.

He introduced himself as Tom and commented about my all-over tan. He said he felt about over-dressed and so pushed his swim shorts down. Out popped a smallish, semi-hard dick. It was shaved and circumcised.

We began chatting about the weather and local beaches. Tom kept looking down at my lap. I assumed he wanted to see my dick and since he was exhibiting himself to me I decided to let him get a good look. I leaned back and stretched out my legs, exposing my dick which was swelling from the close proximity of another man's cock. Tom made no pretense about not looking at it.

As the small chat continued Tom began gently stroking his cock. I couldn't help but stare as it was soon fully erect and jutting out from his flat stomach. My own member became completely hard, too. 

Suddenly Tom blurted out, "Wow, your cock is huge!"

Huge? No. But its little bigger than average and certainly bigger than his.

"Can I touch it?" Tom asked.

Tom's boldness surprised me and I had difficulty answering but I guess I mumbled something affirmative because he dropped to his knees and pushed my legs apart. Were my fantasies suddenly coming true?

Tom took my cock in his hand and gently squeezed it feeling its thickness and hardness. Then he slowly tugged down on the shaft, stretching the head. Pre-cum appeared at the slit which he spread around the tip with his thumb. I gasped at the feeling of another man's hand on my cock.

"How big is it? Over eight inches?"

"Seven and a half," I said, my breathing becoming deeper.

"Well, maybe I can make it grow another half inch!"

Tom grasped the base of my cock, leaned over and slowly slid the tip into his mouth.

"Oh god!" slipped out of my mouth. I couldn't believe this was happening - first a hand job and now a blowjob!

Tom swirled his tongue over the tip of my cock and the sensation was indescribable. He licked and sucked my cockhead for several moments. Then he slowly bobbed his head up and down, taking a little bit more of my shaft in his mouth each time. Before long he had nearly all of it in.

Tom slowly pulled his mouth off my dick, letting a string of pre-cum and saliva trail from the tip to his tongue. He looked me straight in the eyes and said my cock tasted good.

He stroked my wet dick up and down a few times before slipping it back in his mouth. When he began bobbing up and down I tried met his rhythm with my hips, fucking into his mouth. He stroked the lower part of my shaft with one hand while gently rolling my balls in the other.

As Tom continued to suck, my desire to fuck his face grew stronger and I thrust into his mouth more forcefully.

"That feels so good," I moaned foolishly, half laughing. "You really know how to suck a cock!"

He took his mouth of my cock and, again looking straight into my eyes, said, "I also know how to fuck a cock, Frank."

What?!? What did he just say?!? 

Tom reached over to his shorts and pulled out a small tube of lube and a condom. Without hesitating, he rolled the rubber over my cock and pressed some lube on it. I was still trying to grasp the reality of what was happening when Tom straddled my hips, reached behind and rubbed the tip of my cock back and forth between his butt cheeks.

"Frank, I want to fuck your big cock. I want you to fuck my ass."

I know I responded somehow but I couldn't form any real words.

Tom directed the tip of my cock at the entrance to his ass and gently settled back on to it. There was some resistance at first but then I felt his anus spreading open and accepting my cock. I felt each inch of it slowly sink into his ass. He was warm and tight.

I've fucked more than a few pussies in my time, even a couple female asses, but nothing compared to the grip of Tom's ass on my cock. It probably a combination of the suddenness, being on a public beach and finally living out my male fuck fantasy.

It didn't take long before Tom was sitting firmly astride me with my cock fully inside him. I couldn't speak but he was very verbal.

"Your cock is so big. I can feel it stretching my little asshole."

Tom began rocking back and forth, pulling off my dick until just the head remained inside and then sitting back down on it. The tightness of his ass was amazing. After a few passive minutes I began to match Tom's rhythm by thrusting up into him each time he rocked back. His balls slapped my belly and he started stroking his own stiff cock.

After about ten minutes I felt the unmistakable rise of an orgasm developing deep at the base of my own dick, back near my own ass. I fucked into Tom harder and faster and he matched my thrusts. At the point of no return I was finally able to speak coherently.

"Oh, fuck, that feels so good. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum!" I said.

Tom squatted over me, leaving all the action to me so I fucked hard into his ass over and over.

He kept saying, "Fuck me. Fuck me, Frank," which pushed me over the edge.

With one final thrust up into Tom, my cock exploded in the hardest, most intense orgasm I had ever experienced and I shot half a dozen spasms of cum in his ass. All this time Tom's hand was rubbing his own cock furiously and he shot several ropes of his own cum on to my chest and belly.

Several minutes passed before my breathing return to normal and I regained my senses. Tom lifted himself off my slowly soften cock. I told him that that was the most intense sex of my life. He said I had a fantastic cock. He pulled the condom off me and squeezed my cum out of the slack rubber onto his chest and rubbed it in. I looked down at the globs of his cum on my own chest and belly.

"I better I should wash off before I go home to my wife!"

I rinsed the cum off in the water. When I returned to my towel Tom was gone. But before he left he wrote a message in the sand - See you next week!