 I looked forward to meeting Mistress D again, but wondered what it would be like. I had shared so many of my deepest fantasies and desire. Things that I wanted to experience but was also terrified would.

Mid-morning I called Mistress D's phone and got her voice mail. I left a message that I would like to see her tonight if possible, and asked her to call me back.

At lunch time Mistress D called me back and I agreed to come to her house tonight at 6pm.

I sailed through the afternoon, feeling like I was walking on air. I just couldn't wait to see Mistress D.

I arrived at Her house at 6pm and she welcomed me in. She immediately instructed me to strip and put on the girly lingerie on the chair. While i was changing, She told me that Marcy, another of her bois sluts would be joining us later.

Mistress D said she was going to cook dinner, and i asked if i could help, to which She agreed. We worked together, instructing me on what to do while She worked on the main part of dinner. I chopped some onions and sliced some mushrooms for the beef stroganoff that Mistress D was making.

We enjoyed dinner and She asked me many embarrassing and humiliating questions that put me further and further into subspace. After dinner She sat on the couch and she had me kneel at Her feet kissed. It was so exciting to kneel before this exotic woman. Mistress got up and said she was going to change into something more comfortable. She returned, wearing a thin yellow negligee that contrasted wonderfully against her Tanned skin. She wore panties but no bra. Her breasts well full, with really nice perky nipples. She stood before me, took me by the hands and pulled me to my feet.

She stepped back, eyed me up and down and told me to take my panties off, which I gladly did. She pressed her lips to mine and took hold of my cock, stroking me to erection.

Mistress D said she wanted to try a little bit of fun "bedroom bondage" and wrapped a Velcro strap around my wrists binding me. I looked a little surprised and She laughed. She pulled the end of the strap and it came loose.

"See," she said, "it comes off easily, so will you do this for me?"

I nodded and she pulled my arms back and bound my wrists behind me.

She took my cock and balls in her hands and aroused me once again, and told me to kneel on the floor. I did so and she backed up to my face, pulled her panties down and pressed her ass to my face. I knew what She expected and kissed her ass cheeks and extended my tongue into her crack. Her ass was so wonderfully pretty and fem I felt drawn to her. She reached back and spread her cheeks. I kissed her hole and she moaned with delight. I extended my tongue into her and she moaned more. I continued kissing her in this way until the doorbell rang.

Mistress D answered the door and greeted Marcy, who came in and circled me, commenting that I looked like I was ready to go and what a sweet little sissy boi i was. Mistress explained that i was a scared little straight sissy that needed to be broken in and turned in to a cock sucking slut.

Marcy was thin and very light skinned with long blonde hair. Mistress D had her stripped down to her bra and panties. Mistress D knelt by my side, holding a tube of lube. She squeezed out a generous amount of lube into hand and rubbed it on both hands. With one hand she took hold of my cock and massaged the head with the lube. I felt weak and would have fallen to my knees if I wasn't already there. Mistress D and Marcy both enjoyed watching my helpless arousal. 

Next I felt Mistress D slip a dildoe between my ass cheeks, pressing it on my hole while continuing to massage my cock. She asked me if I wanted her to insert her dildoe and I told her "no", but as she rubbed it across my hole I relented and said "yes Mistress".

She pressed a dildoe in a little while stroking me. I found it very exciting and said "more". Mistress slipped the dildoe in deeper and stroked it in and out. Mistress D worked her dildoe in and out of me. She stopped stroking my cock but left her dildoe in me and asked, "Do you want me to continue?"

"Yes Mistress," I said, "please do more."

She stroked my cock lightly, which felt wonderful, but she was not stroking me firmly enough to make me cum. I was so excited I really wanted to cum.

Mistress D asked, "Do you want me to take you all the way?"

"Please," I answered, "please make me cum!"

"I will, if you'll do something for me," she continued.

"Yes Mistress," I said, "anything Mistress." I obviously was not thinking with my big head.

Marcy approached closer and removed her panties, exposing her cock. I did my best to think of Marcy as a woman, and that it was a clitty between her legs, but it sure looked like a big cock.

Marcy was large, even though soft. She lifted her cock to a horizontal position and brought the head close to my lips. I pulled back and Mistress told me that she needed me to show my appreciation to Marcy.

"After all," said Mistress, "she was kind enough to join us tonight"

Mistress D took hold of my cock firmly and stoked me with the lube, and said, "now just kiss the head. That's all I'm asking" i leaned forward a bit kissed and ran my tongue over the condom covered head.

"Nicely done," said Mistress, "now slip your tongue under the head."

It felt so good the way Mistress D was working my cock and ass, and I felt compelled to obey. Soon my tongue was extended, supporting the large head, as I saw Marcy begin to harden.

"Now open your mouth," Mistress D said.

I had slipped deeply into subspace long before and was completely controlled by her, my lips parted and Marcy slipped her cock in. Her cock was growing and enlarging as she slid her cock, filling my mouth.

"That's good, dear," Mistress said, "just hold it in your mouth and look into Marcy's eyes."

I looked up to see Marcy's pretty face and perky tits as Mistress D stroked me intently.

It felt kind of strange to have Marcy in my mouth, but also rather nice. She smiled so nicely at me and I was completely consumed with desire for her.

"You are doing well, dear," said Mistress D, "please keep going."

Mistress D took me over the edge and soon I was cumming.

Marcy put both hands on my head, pulling me to her and prevented me from pulling off. Now that I had cum I was embarrassed and revolted to have her cock in my mouth, and just wanted to escape.

"You may be feeling guilt, shame, humiliation or having second thoughts about sucking her cock, but just relax and keep me in your mouth until you get past the feeling," Mistress D instructed.

At first I felt scared and ashamed at being seduced into sucking her cock, but after a time that feeling passed and I began to accept what had just happened and the kind of cock sucking slut i really am.

I must have been five minutes since I came, and Marcy let go of my head and stepped back.

"You did good," said Mistress, kissing me.

She unbound my wrists and helped me up. I went into the bathroom and cleaned up, returning to see Mistress and Marcy waiting for me.

"How about another kiss?" said Mistress, She was holding Marcy's cock out to me.

Mistress was so beautiful and desirable, I felt compelled to drop to my knees and kiss the head of Marcy's cock. Mistress continued to hold it to my lips, and soon I found myself parting my lips and taking her inside. 

At the end of the night, Mistress told me to get dressed and return the same time tomorrow, and not to jack off.

I returned home, my head spinning from the experience. I had been forced to do what most straight guys would never do - I was just glad it was with Mistress!

I got home and went to bed, fondly remembering the evening with Mistress and Her sexy sissy slut.