 PRELUDE

"You sure do like cock Troy."

"I love your big cock Walt," he replied taking my cock from his mouth just long enough to respond. 

We were both naked in my apartment and I was being treated to another one of Troy's signature blow jobs. He did more than suck my cock; he made love to it. His technique was the best ever, girl or guy. He loved to prolong my ejaculation for as long as possible. When it was time for me to cum, he took my cock from his mouth and stroked it. He loved to watch me shoot especially when it was my first load of the day. Once I had shot my wad, he would take my cock back in his mouth and suck it dry.

On some days he wanted me to fuck him first but not cum in his ass. My first loads were always large and he didn't want that much cum in his rectum. I would pull out and ejaculate on his buttocks and anus firing 5 or 6 rounds of semen on him. Once I had finished cumming, I would put my dick back in his ass pushing some of my seed in with it.

This Saturday morning my golf game had been rained out and I was home with Troy. He sat on the edge of the bed and drew me in toward him. He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. He was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. I felt the light scraping of his teeth. He had kept me hard after my earlier ejaculation.

Troy took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time, I felt longer than my 7+" and bigger around then 5". He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and teasing the life out of me. He always seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process.

He released my cock and got in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. The blonde haired body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Walt, I would like you to fuck me this time." 

I knelt behind him and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some anal gel and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount in my hands and rubbed it all around his anus. Next I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing an ass for my cock. As I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely bottom. I moved closer to him and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

"Not too deep at first, remember how big you are, then deeper."

My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to him a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round buttocks. 

Troy asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his perineum and he was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my release building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible. I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my jizz backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. He used his talented sphincter muscle to milk my cock and drain it. I remained hard in his tight sheath. 

Troy flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. We eventually moved to our sides and lay next to each in the spoon position. I could see the bed sheets where Troy had shot his load sometime during our fuck session. We remained in that position and rested until my cock softened and slipped from his ass. Semen oozed out and trickled over his buttock. After several minutes, we got up, showered, dressed and ate breakfast. 

MEETING TROY

A month earlier I went through my normal routine on a Saturday. First I played golf with my regular group and afterward I went to the gym in my apartment complex and worked out. After the work out I hit the outdoor Jacuzzi and then swam a few laps in the apartment complex pool. I didn't have a date as I usually did so I decided that I would head down to my favorite pub and grab a burger and a beer but first I showered.

As I stepped out of the shower, I checked myself out in the mirror. I liked what I saw. At age 25 I was in great shape and it was obvious that my workouts were paying off. I stood at 6'1" and weighed 190 pounds. I had hardly any body fat as my body was well toned. I got dressed and then headed out to the pub. As I sat by myself eating a burger and nursing a beer, I thought about staying home that evening and watching some good porn instead of bar hopping. I decided to stop at the adult video store. It was about 5:00 PM when I stopped at the store and since it was early it was not crowded. It was easy to find a parking place. 

I remember one night when I stopped there I had to park a few blocks away and the place was packed. I didn't stay very long but I knew that there was plenty of sex going on in the video booths. As I walked back to my car with a movie rental, I passed several cars where there was action going on. I saw some heads bobbing up and down on stiff cocks. In one car I saw a guy getting fucked in the back seat. I was no stranger to bi-sex as I had fucked a few cute gays in my life and let them suck my cock. I was not into cock, so for me it was one way. I could have got my cock sucked that night but I was not in the mood for bi-sex. I watched an Italian movie that had six beautiful women in it and they did it all; oral, vaginal, anal and lesbian. 

So anyway, I walked in to the store and headed over to my favorite video section, the anal one. I loved anal sex and I particularly liked these hot European women with natural bodies getting butt fucked. I was looking over the videos when this guy next to me spoke. 

"There are some pretty hot movies showing in the arcade. They rent the ones showing so you can kind of preview them."

"Okay, thank you," I replied being polite. As I did however, I studied the young man closely. He was blonde and very good looking. I would say prettier than handsome. I guessed him to be about 5'6" and 150 pounds. He walked back toward the video arcade and I watched his curvy ass in his tight tan slacks. He obviously had come onto me in a subtle way and had perked my interest. 

I walked back to the video arcade and saw him enter a booth. I quickly entered the one next to it and locked the door. This was a newer set up where you could use dollar bills instead of tokens. The booth had a selection button and you could choose from 8 different videos. I had planned to search for a hot chick getting fucked in the ass but when the screen lit up it held my attention.

There was a very good looking blonde gay getting fucked in the ass by a well hung guy. The porn actor reminded me of the gay in the booth next to me. I watched the movie and freed my cock and balls from my pants. I stroked my cock watching the movie and every so often I glanced at the glory hole. When the fingers came through the opening I knew it was time to get my cock sucked. I put some more money in the video box and fed my stiff dick through the glory hole. 

Within seconds my cock was in the warm wet mouth of the pretty blonde. As he sucked me I continued to feed the box and watch the gay movie. The first scene concluded with the hung guy pulling out and ejaculating all over the pretty blonde's ass. The movie panned to a new scene and this one another very good looking blonde gay was seduced by a guy offering free massages. 

The blonde in the other booth was doing a good job sucking my cock but I was trying to delay my release for as long as I could and continued to watch the movie. The scene was very hot and the fake masseuse worked the blonde gay to perfection. He massaged lovely round buttocks and fingered the anus before he finally fed his big dick to the receptive ass. As in the first scene he fucked the blonde until he came and then he pulled out and shot a huge load on the beautiful buns. 

At that point I lost it and whispered that I was going to cum. My discharge caught him by surprise and he quickly took my cock from his mouth and jerked me off until I was empty. Next he took my dick back in his mouth and sucked it dry. I pulled my cock back through the glory hole and tucked it back in my pants. I waited until the video stopped and left without watching anymore of it. The movie had got my attention though and I checked out the title.

The movie was titled, "Pretty Blonde Bottoms and their Hung Tops." For some reason I decided that I had to see more of that movie. I exited the video booth and I did not see the cute blonde who sucked me off. I left the arcade section and went to the counter to rent the gay movie. The attendant got it from the back and promptly put it in a brown paper bag. 

"It's due back tomorrow or there is a $3 a day late fee."

"Got it, thanks!" I replied and left the store.

The cute blonde was outside waiting. "Hi, did you enjoy yourself? I'm Troy."

"Hello Troy, I'm Walt and yes I did enjoy myself."

"Good, you have a great cock and I loved sucking it. I would like to again sometime or maybe you would like to fuck me?"

"Maybe but not tonight Troy, maybe I'll see you here again sometime."

"You have to return the movie tomorrow. I'll be here at the same time."

"Goodbye Troy," I said cutting the conversation short.

"Goodbye Walt, I hope to see you tomorrow."

I drove home and I could not get two things out of my mind. First the excellent blow job that I received from Troy. Second was the two scenes in the movie with two gorgeous blonde gays got fucked in their sweet asses. I was anxious to get home and watch the entire movie. 

That night I had a couple of drinks and watched the movie. There were six scenes in total with each one having a week story line but great sex. The two blonde porn actors, Kevin Wiles and Kevin Williams were in three scenes each but each time with a different top or tops. It started out with Wiles as a paperboy collecting on his route and seduced and fucked by a customer. 

The second scene was with Williams working out with another guy. He too was seduced and the guy fucked him on various pieces of gym equipment. Next it was Wiles again and he was shooting pool with two muscular guys. He ended up sucking and fucking both guys. Then it was Williams again and this time he is fucked royally at a swimming pool by two hung studs. The last two scenes were the ones I watched in the video booth. First Wiles is in a prison cell and he seduced and fucked with a big cock. Williams was the one seduced and fucked by the fake masseuse. 

I realized that Troy was as good looking as both these blonde porn stars. From what I remembered about his curvy ass in those tan slacks, I sensed that it was every bit as nice as the asses of the porn stars. I decided that I would return the movie about the same time tomorrow in hopes that Troy might be there. On Sunday I watched the movie several times before heading to the video store. Watching the blonde bottoms get fucked, I kept thinking about Troy and wondered if he would look that good naked.

REUNION WITH TROY

I got to the video store and when I entered it I saw that Troy was there. The store had a drop box for the videos which made it easier to return the movies. Troy started to walk back to the arcade but I waved him to me. Smiling he approached me.

"How would you like to come to my pad instead of a video booth."

"I would love that. I live with my mom and I can never have someone back there."

"Do you have a car?"

"Yes, I need it for work."

"Good, then just follow me to the apartment complex and park where I do."

We drove to my apartment and parked in the outdoor spaces. I led Troy to my unit and as we entered it, I got a queasy feeling. It was the first time I ever had a gay back to my apartment. I had been to their places and had gotten blow jobs in cars and public places but never had bi-sex at home. There had been a number of girls who shared my bed but this would be my first gay. We got there we sat on the sofa and had a couple of beers before we headed into my bedroom. We both undressed and Troy stared at my body for several seconds.

"Is something wrong?" I asked.

"No, nothing is wrong. You are fucking gorgeous!"

"I guess I should say thank you. I do try to stay fit."

Then it was my turn to stare at him. His body was so effeminate and his skin was flawless. He had a patch of blonde pubic hair that was hardly noticeable. Of course his ass was incredible and it even looked better with him totally naked. His body was tan except for his ass which emphasized its shape and beauty. He got in bed on all fours with his curvy butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. His body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Walt, I would like you to fuck me first tonight."

My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind Troy and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me the anal gel that he had brought with him and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount on my fingers and rubbed it in his anus lubing him thoroughly. I inserted two fingers in his ass preparing him for my cock, knowing that if he could not take two fingers, he would not be able to take my cock.

My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to him a little at a time. His passage was warm and snug as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion as I caressed his smooth round ass. The combination of his beautiful tight ass and my horniess from anticipating that moment, sent me over the edge. I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him the semen backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over my cock and his balls. 

"Are you going to keep fucking me?" he asked.

"Definitely, I came quickly but I have plenty left for your sweet ass.

"Oh good! Fuck me again and cum in me again."

I continued to fuck his ass until I came a second time and filled his rectum with another load. I pushed forward and he collapsed on the bed under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. Troy was pressed into his own semen on the bed under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Troy rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled as I too rolled over on my back. He descended along my body with his lips and covered my cock with his mouth. He sucked my cock until it was clean of all cum. 

Troy rolled over on his back and took a hold of his stiff cock. He jerked off while I watched and when I sensed he was close to cumming, I ran my hand over his balls. He groaned as I played with his ball sac and then his body stiffened and shot a huge load onto his body. The first several streams landed on his chest, them more landed on his abs and finally cum oozed from his cock and covered his pubes. All the while I rubbed his balls until he stopped cumming. Watching him shoot was a turn on and I felt my own cock harden again. He looked at my stiff prick and smiled. 

"Do you have enough left to fuck me again?"

"I feel as if I could fuck you all night."

I moved over to him and slid my cock up his ass as we rolled onto our sides in the spoon position. I fucked him slowly with long deliberate strokes pulling my cock almost all the way out and then plunging it back in his ass. Again I marveled at how much he resembled a woman when his cock wasn't visible to me.

Troy took hold of my hand and guided it to his cock. I wrapped my hand around his stiff cock and began stroking it. I had held another guy's cocks before and it always felt a little strange but I did enjoy jerking him off as I fucked him. He was moaning now as I steadily fucked his ass and stroked his cock. I knew it would take longer to cum this time but I was in no hurry as I enjoyed fucking his shapely ass. I felt his body stiffen and then I felt the surge of his ejaculation as it traveled through his shaft. Troy tightened his buttocks when he came and I felt the increased pressure on my cock. A few more strokes and I was cumming for a third time that night.

"Troy, do you want to stay overnight?" I offered.

"I would love to stay with you. I'll call my mother and tell them that I am crashing at a friend's place," he answered.

He got out of bed and made his phone call. Then he returned to bed and we cuddled in the spoon position once again. I eased my cock back into his ass even though I wasn't quite sure that I would cum again. We both lay still and seemingly dozed off with my cock still in his ass. Sometime during our sleep, my softened deflated cock slipped from his ass. I had draped an arm around him and we cuddled as if a man and woman. During the early morning, I awoke with an erection and I eased it back into his ass. We fucked lying on our sides with a slow gentle rhythm until I unleashed my fourth load within 24 hours into his ass. We fell back asleep with my cock still sheathed in his ass until it softened and slipped out.

The next morning, we awoke early and after showering and dressing, I made breakfast for both of us. Troy didn't have to be to work until 10:00 AM but I had to be in my office by 8:00. He had time to drive home and change his clothes for work. He asked if we could hookup next weekend and I told him I would see but no promises. He left his work phone number and asked me to call him if we could get together.

CRUMMY WEATHER LEADS TO A FUN WEEKEND

The work week went okay and I was able to hook up with a couple of corporate groupies on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings after work. The two cuties who liked to fuck were decent lovers but neither of them was into anal. Susie a cute thin blonde was a great fuck and Karen a fiery redhead gave great head and was also a good fuck. 

On Friday we had severe storms in the area with flooding in certain spots. No one was going out on Friday night and I knew there would be no golf that weekend. Before I left the office I called Troy to see if he wanted to come over. He was thrilled to hear from me and later that evening he arrived at my apartment. His mother was worried about his going out but he told her he would be staying with a friend and he would be fine. 

That Friday evening, he first sucked my cock but when I told him I was going to cum he took it out of his mouth, he stroked it until I shot ropes of semen onto the bed sheets. He loved watching me shoot and then he sucked me clean. Next I fucked him kneeling on the bed. He had his head down on the mattress turned to the side. I fucked his lovely ass slowly as he truly resembled a girl in that position. All I could see was his lovely shapely, virtually hairless body and his incredible ass. I fucked him once more in the spoon position and jerked him off at his request. Later we fell asleep cuddled together.

I woke up Saturday morning with my normal piss hard on. Whenever I had a girl stay overnight, she would be treated to a morning fuck that would have her begging me to stop. I could fuck for a long time without cumming and that drove the ladies wild. I looked at Troy sleeping on his stomach and the shape of his beautiful ass. It was as if his ass said," Come and fuck me." However, I opted to wait until later and let him sleep. There was no benefit for either of us to be fucked with a piss hard-on.
