 A half a year ago I was going through one of those stages in my marriage where my wife and I had been really distant and just not involved with each other in general. 

We were nice to each other and took care of all our responsibilities together but the chemistry was gone and there was no romance or intimacy. I guess it didn't help that I was preoccupied with thoughts of other things. It got to the point where I spent every night in secret, masturbating away to pictures, videos, and even erotic stories of man on man sex. I couldn't get my mind off of it. I thought about it all day and night but was uncertain about going through with it for obvious reasons.

Things had been like that four about two years until recently when I had been filling the time with hanging out with some new friends at their apartment, usually watching TV and drinking some beers. Randy and Todd would constantly tease me about being a lightweight and usually would call me "little bitch" because of it. Sometimes I would play the part and start pitching my voice and acting like I was their gay boy toy, sticking my butt out and saying things like "anything for you, master!". 

One night I was so wrapped up in my devious thoughts I decided to take the teasing a little further. Just for fun and something to jerk off to later. The three of us were sitting on the couch like usual drinking when Todd said something he's been saying a lot lately.

"Take my bottle and go get me a beer little bitch!"

I didn't hesitate, but I slowly got up and walked over to his empty beer, trying to walk and act as feminine as possible. I bent over in front of them and slyly wrapped my hands around the base of the bottle and slid them up till I grabbed the end and stood back up. I then quickly lowered my pants and underwear, mooning them only 3 feet away as I let out a loud sarcastic giggle. I turned back to see the shocked expressions on their faces and was happy to see their eyes locked on my bare ass. I quickly pulled my pants back up and said my usual line, "anything for you master!"

Randy had a huge grin on his face and as I made my way to the kitchen, he announced to Todd that he wanted to watch something else. I saw him get up and walk towards the TV as I left. When I came back in I kneeled in front of Todd, opened his beer, and handed it to him. Then I laughed it off and went and sat down. I see Randy putting a disc in the dvd player and then come sit down. "What now?" I thought.

Oh, it's some porn. We all knew Randy had quite a collection, I guess he wanted to share some of it. Never to be one to turn down watching sex scenes I sat back and was pleased to see some hot girls get banged by eager young guys. The scenes each lasted about five minutes and kept switching. It seems like it was a mix tape sort of thing of porn videos. "Probably Randy's downloads burnt on a disc.", I thought. We got to a scene where two guys were getting blown together by a young dick sucking girl, sometimes at the same time. Todd made a comment about how hot the scene was and to my surprise started rubbing on top of his shorts. I wasn't sure what to make of it and just sat there puzzled until he stopped.

"I wish he was doing that naked" I thought to myself, and sure enough, as if he was reading my mind he started unbuttoning his jeans and proceeded to unzip and pull the front open, exposing his white boxers. I stared as he resumed his rubbing, this time on the boxers and then I lightly gasped as his hand pressed the opening in the front of his boxers over his hard naked cock. I couldn't believe it. He was fully exposing himself to me only a few feet away from me on the sofa. I looked over at Randy and noticed he was already into it as well! He had his hand down his pants and was quite obviously jerking off! 

They kept going like everything was completely normal and I just kept staring in shock. I figured this must be a regular thing for them. I started getting worried I would be caught staring with a rapidly tenting pair of pants. I re-adjusted myself so it wouldn't be so obvious and suddenly Todd looked right up at me. 

"Shit! He caught me!" I thought to myself. My face was turning beet red until I noticed he wasn't mad or thinking it was weird. He just kept staring intently at me while continuing to jerk off. At that point I couldn't help but drop my attention back down to what he was doing with that long, thick naked cock of his. Out of the corner of my eye I could see him start to smile. Then he got up and walked over to right in front of me, his halfway-erect cock bobbing left and right and then coming to a rest right in front of my face. 

I couldn't believe how quickly this just happened. For the first time in my life there was a man's naked cock right in front of me, staring right at me. It was like it was taunting me, telling me to open. I knew that's what he was aiming for but he made it more obvious as he started moving it closer to my mouth. Although part of me was unsure about this actually happening, there was no way I was going to pass this up after fantasizing about it for so long. I started opening my lips and his mushroom head pressed against them. I concentrated on the feeling and the tip of his dick slid through my opening. I wrapped my lips around the shaft and lifted my tongue against it as it slowly kept sliding in. 

Todd groaned and I closed my eyes as his cock finished getting as far as it could. I instinctively started bobbing my head back and forth and then while sucking I repositioned myself on my knees so I could do it easier. Now my head was quickly bobbing up and down on his fully erect cock. I kept thinking to myself how amazing this was. I dreamed of it for so long and it's more than what I expected, I was loving the feeling of pleasuring the hard throbbing cock in my mouth. 

After about 5 minutes of this I heard Randy get up behind me and come closer. I was so turned on I started thinking about him grabbing my head and making me suck him too. I didn't care what he did at this point, I was theirs for the taking. I kept my pace on Todd's cock and started caressing his warm, soft nuts. I felt Randy's hands wrap around my waist, straight to the buckle of my pants. Quickly they became undone and pulled down along with my underwear. He was wasting no time in getting me naked, and if I wasn't so damn horny I would for sure be embarrassed as I was bent over in a very revealing way. I was sure Randy had a perfect view of my fully exposed asshole. My suspicions were confirmed when I felt his warm, wet tongue slide right up my ass crack.  

"Ugghhhmmmmm" I groaned.

"Oh you like that huh?" Randy asked and then quickly resumed his licking. This was great! All of a sudden I was between a nice thick cock in my mouth and a tongue on my ass! It got even better when Randy started probing my hole with his tongue. I was in heaven.

Just then Todd's moaning started to get noticeably louder. I kept the consistency up with my rhythm and tried to prepare myself mentally for what was about to happen. Then it finally did happen. For the first time in my life I felt a cock pulse in my mouth as waves of warm spunk started shooting out, hitting the roof of my mouth and dropping on my tongue. I kept my lips closed around his shaft and thought about how great this felt as his cock slowly decreased its pumping motions. I hadn't planned on it but I started swallowing every wad I could find with my tongue.

It was only then did I realize Randy had replaced his tongue with his fingers. Todd pulled his drained, retracting cock from my mouth and plopped down on the other end of the couch where Randy had been. Randy put his hands around my hips at pointed me to the end of the couch. He pressed down on the top of my back, forcing my head down into the end cushion and again I knew what was coming next. And again I didn't care. In fact I wanted it more than anything. My wish came true as I felt the head of Randy's penis pressed against my well-lubed asshole. 

"This is it.." I thought to myself and my mouth dropped open as I felt his cock start to penetrate my ass and slide in. Once the head popped through I grunted in pain as it stinged a bit. Randy reactively held still until a minute later when the pain started going away, replaced with a desire for my hole to get fucked. I started pressing back against him and he took my cue and started pressing into me as well, his cock easily sliding all the way in due to my more relaxed state. Then he started humping me like his life depended on it. The sudden increase in speed had me cringing for a moment but then I was overwhelmed with waves of ecstasy. I started moaning which only caused Todd to increase his pace, his hips now smacking into my ass and his cock thrusting as far up my ass as it could. I couldn't have imagined a better feeling and I kept focusing on the fact that my ass was getting pounded by a long hard cock.

After a few more minutes of pounding, panting, and sweating, I felt that familiar feeling of a cock inside of me starting to get particularly large and hard. I knew he was close. Sure enough, he slammed into me one last time as hard as he good and held is dick up in me as far as it would go. Then his cock started twitching inside my ass as it spurted his warm cum against my anal linings. I felt the first couple shots and told myself I would never forget the feeling.

Once Todd's orgasm subsided, I felt him pull out and started to feel disappointed as I had this feeling of being empty. My ass had enjoyed that treatment immensely and it was begging for more. Again it seemed like a wish came through as too my surprise Randy shoved his newly erected cock straight up my ass. I had forgotten about him and I guess he got turned on again by the action. Randy took over pounding me over and over. My pleasure just kept building and building and then I exploded in a climax the likes of which I never felt before. I was ejaculating hard without even playing with myself. I couldn't believe how that happened or how amazing it felt. My ass ring pulsing around Randy's cock must have set him over the edge has he too erupted into orgasm, shooting his hot load within my ass, joining it with Todd's deposit. 

After Randy pulled out and sat down, he shared a grin with Todd and I took off to the bathroom to clean myself up. When I came back, Todd said I missed a spot and pointed to the couch where my cumshots had collected. I started to walk over to kitchen to get some towels but was interrupted by another order:

"With your tongue!" he commanded.

I was a bit grossed out by the idea, having it been my own and that I already had orgasmed. I wasn't going to start disobeying at this point though. Defeated, I walked over to the couch, hugged it, and started lapping up the globs of cum I had released moments before. 

"That's a good little bitch" Randy commented after I Finished.

No more action took place that night, but I kept running favors for them and never had put my close back on. I figured things would go my way more if I did everything they asked in the buff from now on. It also gave my ample opportunities to tease them, usually with views of my naked butt hole. I liked my place as their little bitch.