 * * * * * * * * * *

Note: This is a BISEXUAL story. It has female-female sex, as well as male-male sex.

* * * * * * * * * *

"Welcome to the 'Mile High Club.'" Brady held the door for Beverly, Kevin, and me. 

We stepped into the ultimate man cave. The big room took up half of the three-story mansion's basement. A giant flat screen, flanked by four smaller flat screens, dominated one wall. Flames danced in a big stone fireplace. Lush upholstered chairs and couches were scattered around the room. Neon script behind a bar salvaged from an old saloon read "Mile High Club."

Alexia, Brady's wife, was waiting inside. She saw me looking at the neon sign. "Like the name, Charlie?" She was in her late 20s, tall, solidly-constructed, and athletic, with long straight black hair, flashing dark eyes and a wide smile set in a 50s movie star face, wearing dark nylons, black spike heels, a tight knee-length black skirt, and a frilly low-cut white peasant blouse that showed off her spectacular double-D cleavage.

"Sure." I tried to look innocent. "Denver's the 'Mile High City.'" 

Alexia laughed and took me in her arms, pressing her giant breasts into my chest. "And there's the other meaning." She kissed me, long and hard.

"I know." I gripped her buttocks and ground my hard-on into her crotch. 

"Naughty boy." She turned to Beverly. "Who is this angel?"

Beverly was young and slim, with blue eyes, a warm smile, long straight blond hair flowing half-way down her back, cute medium-sized tits, and a tight muscular ass. If I'd thought angels looked like her, I'd have paid more attention in church.

She was dressed in a naughty version of business casual: a bright pink long-sleeved jacket, a high-necked pale pink blouse with a white collar, a simple necklace of tiny gold leaves, a bright white skirt that ended at her upper thighs, bare legs, and tall black high heels.

"I'm Beverly." She moved into Alexia's arms. "And I'm no angel." 

"You're my kind of angel." Alexia kissed Beverly long and hard. Beverly kissed Alexia back enthusiastically while fondling her heavy breasts. "A naughty angel."

"Easy to be naughty." Alexia gasped when Beverly slipped a hand between her thighs. "With a sexy woman like you."

"Come here . . . Angel." Alexia gripped Beverly's buttocks, pulled her closer, and kissed her. "You're so good."

Brady was standing by the bar, staring at the women with a big tent in his pants. He was an athletic man in his mid-40s, with thick black hair and a moderately handsome face, wearing blue jeans and a sports shirt.

Kevin and I looked a little like brothers. We were both tall and slender, wearing plain tee-shirts, blue jeans, and black sneakers. He had brown eyes, curly black hair cut short on the sides, and a serious runner's body. I had short blond hair, blue eyes, and a reasonably muscular body.

We exchanged looks. I'd never done anything with him or Beverly. They were lovers, working their way through college. 

Alexia reached for the single button holding Beverly's jacket closed. "You're overdressed." She unfastened the button. 

Beverly kept her eyes on Alexia as she pulled the jacket open, slowly dragged the sleeves over her arms, and dropped the jacket onto an easy chair. 

"Yeah," Alexia whispered. "Keep going." She cupped her breasts, kneading them gently, while she watched Beverly unbutton her modest blouse and pull it open, showing her bare tits. "Yummy!" 

Beverly grinned at Alexia as she finished taking her blouse off and dropped it beside the jacket. She was still wearing the necklace. The little gold leaves set off her firm B-cup breasts. "Glad you like them." She touched a nipple, then looked around the room. Brady, Kevin, and I were all staring at her. "Guess the boys do too."

"Oh yeah!" Brady answered. I gestured at Kevin and he nodded. We moved to the bar, flanking Brady, and each put a hand on his ass. His body stiffened at our touch. Then, he relaxed and put his hands on Kevin's and my butts. 

Beverly stepped back when Alexia reached for her. "I'm still overdressed." She unfastened the short white skirt, tossed it onto the easy chair with her other clothes, and faced Alexia, wearing only the necklace, extra-high black high heels, and thin pink lace panties with a solid white waistband. She smiled and pivoted to show us the clinging fabric molded to her sexy buttocks.

"Nice!" Alexia took Beverly in her arms. They tongue-kissed while rubbing tits and fondling each other's asses. 

Beverly looked down Alexia's cleavage, then up into her eyes. "You're kind of overdressed, too." She unbuttoned Alexia's peasant blouse and pulled it open, revealing the black push-up bra supporting her heavy breasts. 

"Not for long." Alexia took off her blouse and dropped it on the couch with Beverly's clothes, followed by the bra. Her breasts only sagged a little when she took the bra off. She unfastened her skirt and faced Beverly, naked except for her spike heels and skin-tight black panties. 

"You're so sexy!" Beverly bent forward and buried her face between Alexia's breasts. 

"Oh yeah, Baby!" Alexia stroked Beverly's hair as the younger woman kissed, licked, and sucked her big breasts. "You're so good."

Brady stood still, staring at Alexia and Beverly with an immense bulge in his jeans. I unfastened his belt and fly, then pulled his jeans down around his ankles. He wasn't wearing underwear and his long thick cock snapped to full attention. It was the biggest I'd ever seen: 9" long and over 2" thick, with a broad head and a deep corneal ring. 

Kevin looked away from the women to stare at Brady's stiff rod. "Wow!" Kevin reached for his own belt and fly. 

Alexia and Beverly stopped kissing and turned their heads to look at us. "Take it all off, guys," Alexia said. She and Beverly fondled each other's tits and asses while they watched Kevin, Brady, and me.

"All right." I sat on a bar stool to take my sneakers and socks off, then stood up to remove my tee-shirt, showing off my chest and arms. The women whistled and cheered as I reached for my belt buckle. I opened the buckle, unfastened the button fly on my jeans, then slowly pulled the zipper down. The heavy fabric opened like a blossom, showing my shaved crotch and the base of my cock, straining against the tough cloth. It wasn't as big as Brady's monster, but still a respectable 7" long and 2" thick.

I gripped my jeans' waistband and paused, looking around the room. Kevin was standing beside Brady with his slacks bunched around his ankles and his hand wrapped around Brady's stiff pole, slowly stroking its thick shaft and fingering its broad head. 

Brady was staring at Kevin's cock, sticking proudly out from his hairless crotch. It was a full inch shorter than mine and a lot thinner, but still sexy as hell. "Yeah," Kevin whispered as Brady's hand closed on his hot rod. 

Alexia and Beverly were watching Kevin and Brady. "Ta-da-de-da!" I hummed.

When they turned to look at me, I pushed my jeans down. The women cheered when my hard pole snapped up like a switchblade. I stepped out of my jeans and kicked them away.

The women stared at our hard dicks and shaved pubic hair and balls. "Three guys," Beverly whispered. "With three big cocks." 

"Yeah," Alexia answered. "And we're gonna watch them play." She pointed at Brady and then me. "You two. Now."

I turned Brady around to face me, wrapped my hand around our cocks, then kissed him hard and open-mouthed, with lots of tongue. He kissed me back, gripping my ass cheeks to hold us together. 

Kevin humped my crack while Brady and I kissed and rubbed cocks. 

"Oh fuck!" Alexia whispered. She and Beverly had taken their shoes and panties off. They were sitting on an ottoman a few feet away, fingering each other's pussies. 

"Our own live sex show." Beverly kissed Alexia. "Three hot guys." 

"It's going to get hotter," Alexia said. "Time for the next act." 

"What's that?" Beverly asked. Brady's hand on my shoulder tightened.

"Charlie fucks Brady's ass." Beverly moaned softly as Alexia kneaded her tits. 

"All right." Brady said. "I'm ready for him." He looked from Alexia to me, lingering on my stiff cock, then back to Alexia. He was grinning. "Your strap-on is good, but a real cock's way better."

Alexia stood up, then took Beverly's hand and pulled her to her feet. "Sit over there." She pointed to the couch. "The boys can use the ottoman." She went behind the bar and came back with a little squeeze bottle of lubricant. She handed me the bottle and said, "Go on. Fuck my husband."

The ottoman was four feet square, big enough for Brady to lie on his back with his legs in the air. I knelt between his spread knees and pressed my lubricated index finger between Brady's buttocks. His stiff cock jerked as my finger slid up his asshole. 

"Like that, big boy?" Brady nodded. He groaned and jacked his giant dick while I worked my finger in and out of his ass.

"Oh fuck!" Beverly gasped. She and Alexia were sitting on the couch with their knees touching, playing with their tits and pussies while they watched Brady and me.

"Show time!" I smeared lube on my stiff rod. The women bent forward to watch as I pressed my cock-head between Brady's buttocks. He jacked his thick tool as I took his ass with long slow strokes.

"Oh yeah!" Alexia kissed Beverly. "Charlie's fucking my husband's butt." She looked back at me. "Let him have it! Good and hard!"

"Okay." I pulled all the way out, paused so Alexia and Beverly could get a good look at my swollen cock-head positioned just outside Brady's asshole, then dove back in, to the hilt. "Like that?"

"Yeah!" Alexia gasped. "Just like that." 

I gripped Brady's ankles, pushed them over his shoulders, and fucked him with long steady thrusts, pulling almost out, then plunging back inside, gradually gaining speed. "Oh fuck!" Brady gasped. "So good." He jerked off in time with my driving rod. 

Alexia and Beverly knelt beside the ottoman, kneading their tits and fingering their pussies, coming hard as they watched me pound Brady's ass. 

My nuts were getting tight. I looked up from my plunging pole at Alexia and Beverly. "Ready?" I asked. "To see me shoot?"

"Not yet," Alexia answered. 

I pulled my cock out of Brady's asshole. He lay still, staring at my throbbing pole.

"What now?" Brady asked.

Alexia laughed and kissed Beverly, then looked back at Brady. "You're going to stick your big stiff dick up Kevin's ass.

Kevin got down on his hands and knees. Brady smeared lube on his hard rod and pressed its head between Kevin's buttocks.

Beverly stood beside them, bent over with her hands on her knees. "That's right. Fuck my boyfriend's ass." Alexia moved behind her and reached between her legs.

"Oh Baby!" Beverly moaned

"You like that, Angel?"

"Oh yeah!" Beverly was staring at Brady and Kevin. "Go on Brady. Fuck him good."

Brady stopped with his cock all the way up Kevin's butt and looked up at Beverly and Alexia. "Like the show?"

"It's so hot!" Alexia bent down and kissed the back of Beverly's neck. "Two sexy men fucking. While I play with Angel's sweet pussy." She did something and Beverly moaned. "You like that, Angel?" 

"Oh yeah!" Beverly answered. "I'm enjoying the show." Alexia cupped Beverly's breasts, rolling her little nipples between her thumbs and index fingers. "And you!" She sank to her knees.

Alexia knelt beside Beverly and looked at me. I'd been jacking off slowly while I watched Brady ram Kevin. "Go on," she said. "Fuck Brady's ass."

"All right." I picked up the little squeeze bottle and knelt behind Brady. He stopped with his cock buried deeply inside Kevin's butt. 

Beverly and Alexia stared as I smeared more lube on my stiff pole, then pressed it between Brady's buttocks. His ass muscles resisted briefly, then relaxed. My cock slid smoothly up his ass.

"Oh yeah!" Beverly said. "Let him have it."

I looked at her while stroking Brady's muscular shoulders. "He's gonna get it. Nice and rough. While he fucks your boyfriend."

Brady went back to fucking Kevin. I started slow, but quickly picked up the pace, slamming my cock up Brady's butt. 

Alexia and Brady were playing with their breasts and fingering each others' pussies while they watched the all-male fuck train.

"Oh God!" Brady cried. "I'm getting close." 

Beverly moaned as Alexia thrust rough fingers into her pussy. "I want to see you shoot."

Brady looked from his plunging prick up into Beverly's eyes, then back down. "Okay." 

Alexia and Beverly screamed together as Brady pulled out of Kevin's ass and sprayed a big thick load on his back and buttocks. 

"Here I come." I yanked my dick out of Brady's ass and jacked off, shooting after a few strokes. 

Brady looked up at Beverly. "Like that?"

"Oh yeah," she answered. "I came hard."

"Me too," Alexia said. "We've all come . . . " She looked from me to Brady and stopped on Kevin. " . . . except him." She grinned at Brady. "So, suck his cock."

"All right." Brady crooked a finger at Kevin. "Come here, big boy."

My first time with Brady ["Bi-Trick 1 - Hammering Her Husband"], he'd acted like he'd been dreaming of cock for his whole life. He went after Kevin the same way, licking and sucking his balls, running his tongue up and down his swollen shaft, and frantically sucking his stiff rod.

Kevin stood still, running his fingers through Brady's thick black hair and squeezing his muscular shoulders. "Fuck! That's good," he whispered.

Even though I'd just come, my cock was still rock-hard. I stepped behind Kevin and slid my hard-on up his butt.

"Oh God!" Kevin gasped. He gripped the sides of Brady's head and rocked his hips, fucking Brady's face while working my cock in his asshole. "I'm gonna . . . "

Alexia and Beverly were fingering their pussies again, making loud squishing noises while they stared at Brady, Kevin, and me. "That's right, Boyfriend!" Beverly called. "Give him a big hot load!"

"Oh yeah!" Kevin gasped. "Swallow my cum!" He stopped thrusting and held still, slowly stroking Brady's hair. "Fuck," he whispered. "That was good."

Brady let Kevin's cock slip out of his mouth. "For me, too." There was a blob of cum on his chin. He wiped it off with his finger, then put the finger in his mouth and sucked it like a tiny cock.

"And me." I pulled out of Kevin's butt and faced Alexia and Beverly. "How about you? Like the show?"

"Oh yeah," Alexia answered. She kissed Beverly. "How about you, Angel?" Beverly just nodded.

Alexia stood up and kissed Brady, then Kevin, and then me. "It was a great start . . . "

* * *

It was after midnight when Beverly got into bed with me. It'd been a busy erotic afternoon and evening and I was ready to go to sleep.

The guest room was bigger than my apartment, with a king-sized bed and a sitting room with a fireplace, bar, a couch, and several easy chairs.

"Can I sleep with you?" she asked. "Alexia came and got Kevin. He's spending the rest of the night with her and Brady." 

"That bother you?" I rolled onto my side and Beverly moved into my arms. Her hard nipples pressed into my chest as I stroked her hot bare skin. 

"No. I'm just lonely." She wrapped her hand around my stiffening pole. "And horny." I felt between her legs. She was already wet. 

Beverly gasped when I slipped my index finger into her pussy. "Oh yeah! That's right." She stroked my hard dick while I fingered her.

She rolled onto her back. "Come here." I lay between her open legs, resting part of my weight on my elbows, with my swollen cock-head burrowing into her warm wet folds. "There's only been a few," she whispered.

"A few what?"

"Men. I usually don't sleep with men. Just Kevin. He was the first . . . Except for the guy who got me drunk when I was 15 . . . but that doesn't count . . . " 

She grabbed me like she was drowning. I held her, making soothing sounds and stroking her hair. My cock was painfully hard, but I didn't try to push it into her.

"Most of my tricks are women. I don't do men. Unless Kevin's with me. To protect me." 

"Kevin isn't here." 

"I feel safe with you." She pushed her hips up, catching my cock-head in her folds. "Give me your cock. Your big hard cock." She gasped as I slid into her pussy. "That's right!"

Beverly came hard, screaming and thrashing. I kept going, pounding her until I shot a hard hot load up her convulsing cunt. Afterward, she fell asleep with her head on my chest. 

I was getting drowsy again when the door opened and Alexia came in. "Okay if I sleep here? Brady wants to be alone with Kevin." She slipped under the covers and kissed me, then fell asleep. 

I lay in the dark, sandwiched between two sexy women. My cock was painfully hard, but I couldn't do anything about it without waking them up. I thought about snowstorms and frozen lakes, but it didn't help. 

This was just the first day. We were going to be in Colorado for a week.

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2017 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *