 Barry straightened his tie and headed down the hall to the spacious office occupied by Craig and Shelly, the married couple who ran the marketing company where Barry was Director of Operations. Barry was second only to them and it was time for his biannual review. No matter how many times he had been through these reviews, Barry's stomach was always in knots. He was always concerned about passing muster.

The secretary let Barry in, telling Craig and Shelly that she would hold their calls before shutting the door. Barry sat before Craig's desk; Shelly was standing off to the side, notebook in hand. Both Craig and Shelly were in their late 30s and good-looking. Craig was tall, over 6 feet, with a muscular build, brown hair, and hazel eyes. Shelly was a petite blue-eyed blonde with a shapely, attractive figure. Barry was ten years younger than them, a little shorter than Craig and thin, with light brown hair and brown eyes.

"So Barry," Craig began, "it's that time again, isn't it?"

"Yes sir, it is."

"Are you still happy with your job?"

"Very happy, sir."

"Well, as you know we have to reevaluate your abilities every six months. Company policy, you know." Craig rose and walked around to the front of his desk. "Are you ready for your evaluation?"

"Very ready, sir," Barry answered, licking his lips.

"Well, let's get started then."

With that, Craig unzipped his fly and let his pants fall to his ankles. Barry reached out and pulled down Craig's briefs, exposing a half-hard cock. Barry moved his hands to Craig's buttocks, pulling him forward so that he could begin licking his boss' shaft and ball sac. Craig groaned. "So far, so good, Barry." Soon his cock was fully erect and Barry took the entire eight-inch tool in his mouth, sliding all the way down to the balls and back again. Meanwhile, Shelly touched herself through her clothing while watching Barry suck her husband off. Soon she found the clothing too confining and removed it, then sat on the desk and fingered her damp, shaved pussy.

After Barry had Craig good and hot, he turned his attentions to Shelly, squatting down in front of her so that he could take a nice, long lick of the juices flowing between her legs. Then he buried his face in her sex and licked all around before finding the hard little button just above her slit. Shelly moaned her approval and Craig watched them, his shaft in hand, stroking it just enough to give himself maximum pleasure without cumming too quickly. After his wife cried out with her first orgasm, Craig told Barry, "It's time to fuck."

Shelly got down on the floor and positioned herself on all fours. Barry dropped his pants, exposing the proud, purple 9 1/2-incher that made Shelly and Craig alike drool. Despite himself, Craig fell to his knees in front of Gary and took the huge tool in his mouth, sucking hungrily and fondling Barry's balls. "Oh, sir, you're so good at that," Barry groaned, sincerity in his voice. It was not a forced remark. Craig was a terrific cocksucker and Barry was always delighted when his boss agreed to grace him with a blow job.

After Craig had his fill, Barry kneeled down on the floor and positioned himself behind Shelly. He groaned as he plunged into her tight, warm tunnel and she shuddered in response. Craig continued stroking himself as Barry and Shelly humped like rabbits. "Fuck her, Barry! Make her scream! Squirt your cum in her hole!" Craig's pleas made all three of them that much hotter, and Craig kneeled down behind Barry, licking his ball sac even as it thrust in and out of his wife's pussy. Barry felt his cum boiling in his balls, but he held back until Shelly arched her back and screamed, her pussy convulsing around his prick and making it fill her with load after load of hot jizz.

Barry pulled out and got down on all fours as Craig approached Shelly, sprawled on the floor. He bent down and took a taste of the cum that was dribbling from Shelly's hole, then inserted his cock in her, lubing it with Barry's semen and her juices. Then Craig pulled out and approached Barry, waiting expectantly. Craig teased Barry's hole with the head of his dick before pushing it in, holding position until Barry begged to feel Craig's entire dick in his ass. Craig grunted and obliged, ramming into Barry's hot tunnel. Now it was Shelly's time to watch again as her husband fucked another man's ass, both enjoying the experience immensely, humping so hard their flesh could be heard slapping together. Finally, Craig let go with a yell, spurting hot liquid into Barry's waiting love tunnel.

Craig and Shelly's secretary looked up as Barry emerged from the office, looking a bit flushed but otherwise without a hair out of place. "How did it go?" she asked.

"Really well," Barry smiled. "I love working for this company!"

The secretary watched him leave and felt her pussy tingle. Her review was coming up later that week!