 In college, I had a group of friends that I would drink with at least once a week, but usually more. We were all students but of various lifestyles. The group consisted of a skinny but wild party girl, Liz, and a fairly athletic gay guy named Colby. Colby had a certain resemblance to the guy who I had gotten my first two blowjobs from.

The three of us routinely partied at one of our apartments. During one of our parties, things started getting out of hand. Colby always dressed nicely, but as he would drink more, he would strip more. This particular evening, he took off his button-down revealing a white undershirt. He had nice arms and a nice midsection as well.

During one of his many trips to the bathroom, Liz turned to me and said "You know he likes you?" It was kinda obvious that he was hitting on and checking me out all evening, but I tried to change the topic. I told her "You know I like you, right?" She blushed at that, but then got this suspicious look on her face. "What would you do to get me?" she asked. "I'd do whatever you want."

At that point, the bathroom door down the hall opened and Colby returned. Out of nowhere, Liz suggested we go party in her room instead of the cold kitchen. We all grabbed a drink and disappeared into her bedroom. As soon as we were in there, she told me to kiss Colby. I gave her a shocked look, but she told me if I wanted to make out with her, I needed to pass through Colby first.

After not much debate, I finally went in for the kiss. He had nice lips and wasted no time with his tongue either. We were standing there for probably five minutes making out before I finally pulled away and turned my attention to Liz. Liz and I kissed for a little bit, nowhere near the amount of time Colby and I had, before she pulled away to make another demand. Next was that I needed to take his shirt off and let him take mine off. This wasn't as intrusive as kissing, so I was fine with it and wanted to remove Liz's shirt, which she did. When I went to undo her bra, she said that her underwear was only coming off once Colby and I were naked.

Now I was really in a tough spot. I wanted to fool around with Liz, but not Colby. She gave me some motivation by taking my hands and placing them on her breasts. Finally I agreed, but I wanted to take my pants and boxers off myself. Colby had whitey tights on, but for not long. When we were done, she stripped down too and walked over to us.

She gave me a solid kiss and held it for a while. Then she moved to Colby, and then Colby moved back to me. After we had all kissed each other, Liz commented on how my dick grew when Colby kissed me and not her. I jokingly said that maybe he's a better kisser, but all that caused was for him to kiss me again. Liz was right though, and as he kissed me more and more, I got harder and harder until I was almost fully erect. Out of nowhere, he then dropped to his knees and started blowing me. I didn't stop him, and while he did that, I pulled Liz over and started sucking on her gorgeous tits.

This position was actually quite comfortable for us, but then I felt my climax reaching. I pulled him off and instead started making out with and fingering Liz. I was immediately shocked when I felt the tip of Colby's penis as he tried to use this opportunity to give me anal sex. He had no condom on, not even any lube. We all stopped what we were doing as I was really surprised by this. Liz asked if I wanted to anally fuck her, which I was up for. She then asked why it would be okay for me to give it to her but not Colby to give it to me.

We worked out a compromise where I would start on Liz, then move to Colby, and then he would do me. Liz had done it before, and she liked taking it. Colby had also gotten it before, and he too liked it. I was the only one who had never had anal sex before, but they were both really reassuring when it came my turn. I almost felt babied when Colby started. He began by lubing up his fingers and massaging my anus. Once his pointer and middle fingers had worked my ass, he moved on to the main act.

Thankfully Liz had a bowl of condoms in her room, so Colby put one on and began. When his warm, lubed tip contacted my anus, I was again surprised by it. He pushed through it, literally, and started pumping my ass. It felt surprisingly good. As he worked me harder and faster, I was working Liz. Originally it was just dry humping, but as Colby turned me on and got me hard again, Liz and I were going at it. I thrashed her vag while Colby did a number on me.

After 10 minutes of hot, sweaty, passionate, threesome sex, Colby wanted to cum in my ass. I had already cum in Liz and were just waiting to finish for him. He removed his condom and then thrust back into me. After just another minute of pumping, he blew his load entirely inside me. As he withdrew from me, he cleaned up by licking my anus clean of cum. He sipped up and swallowed every little bit of it. In the meantime, Liz gave me one last hummer for the evening.

It was late, or early, in the morning, and between the massive orgy and alcohol, we all just passed out, naked, together, in Liz's bed. What would the morning bring?