 I've always considered myself to be straight because of my strong attraction to girls with thick asses and big tits. I'm a 26-year-old very good looking guy and I've never had an issue with getting girls. I'm about 6 feet tall, 190 pounds, pretty built, and I have a very attractive face. I'm not a bullshitter and I'm not being arrogant. I'm just being honest. When I was 22 years old, I was just like any other guy my age (or any age, for that matter). I was obsessed with watching porn. I loved to be able to look up my favorite categories on porn sites and fantasize about being involved in the action. While I have always enjoyed browsing a wide range of porn, my favorite category has always been blowjobs. I just love to watch a girl on her knees pleasing a big cock and taking the guy's load. 

After watching many of these types of videos, I steadily found myself focusing more and more on the guy's thick cock and big balls. At first, I tried to deny the fact that I was attracted to cock. But as time went on, I found myself focusing more and more on the guys' equipment in the videos. Not only did I love to look at cock, but I also developed a kind of obsession with big balls. There is something about a big set of shaved balls that fascinates me and I am not sure why. It is one thing to have a taboo fantasy of sucking another guy off, but it's another thing to muster up the courage to act on it. Luckily, I did not have to put much effort into making this fantasy a reality...

It was the summer after my senior year of college. Just like many other young adults graduating college, I was somewhat nervous about being a full-fledged "grown up" and finding a decent job. After all, I still enjoyed binge drinking on the weekends and smoking a little pot on a regular basis. I spent a few weeks after graduation trying to hunt down a job that wasn't very far away from my home town. My plan was to live at home with my parents for awhile so I could save up some money and gain some experience in my field before making any major moves. 

Anyway, I was having a difficult time finding what I was looking for, so I decided to call my uncle and ask him if I could work for him temporarily until I had a chance to get my career going. My uncle has always been pretty well off considering he owns his own construction business and he was always glad to let me work when I needed money. I knew that the work wouldn't be easy, but I needed to have some kind of income for the time being. I had worked for my uncle every summer since I was about 15 years old, so I wasn't really scared of hard work. I have always been close with my uncle and I still look up to him to this day. 

Greg was a bricklayer and worked for my uncle for many, many years. Over the years of working long summers with him, we developed a good relationship and worked very well together. At the time, he was 32 years old and was divorced a few years prior. Greg was a "macho" kind of guy who may have been a little arrogant at times, but he was a kind person overall and got along with everybody. In high school, he was a star athlete and the homecoming king. He was just the type of guy that you had to respect. Over the years, Greg became not only a good friend, but a mentor to me. I looked forward to working with him again.

Work was pretty exhausting for the first few weeks, but I didn't mind. I was getting paid pretty well and I got a good workout in the process. From the start, Greg and I developed a routine. I would drive 10 minutes to his house every morning before work and ride with him to the job site. While he never really asked me for gas money, I gave him some every Friday just to show him that I appreciated the rides. The job site was about 45 minutes away, so we always had plenty of time to shoot the breeze and share stories while on the road. He loved to tell stories about his younger days (particularly during his 20's) and I was always intrigued. His favorite subject was all of the girls he slept with. Greg was a good looking, charismatic guy so there was no reason for me to believe he was lying. I really enjoyed listening to him talk about all of the skanks he would take home and bang. He would get into graphic detail about all of the things he'd do with them and he was very good at explaining these situations. 

Greg would always make a point to tell me how women loved sleeping with him because he was packing some large equipment. From story to story, this detail always stuck with me and I found myself becoming very curious about it. Whenever he would talk about it on the drive home, I found myself getting extremely aroused and I would just picture what his big cock looked like in my mind. I never made this curiousty known to Greg, though, because I was afraid he would think I was a total fag. The last thing I needed was anyone finding out that I was curious about cock.

It was finally Friday. After a long week of work, I was pretty exhausted and ready to get out of my filthy work clothes. After our crew finished cleaning up the jobsite, it was time to head out. I hopped into Greg's truck and we were on our way. I wasn't really looking forward to the long ride home. 

Upon arriving at Greg's house to get my car, Greg parked his truck and said "You know what? It's been a long week. I think I'm going to tip back a few beers tonight." I smiled and said "you read my mind!"

"I have a case of Bud at the house. You're free to stop over and polish it off with me if you don't have anything going on tonight."

"Sounds like a plan!" I replied. "I'm gonna head home and get a quick shower. I'll text you when I'm on my way back out." I was probably just going to head down to the bar tonight and waste a bunch of money on overpriced drinks anyway, so this seemed like a better option for the night. 

I took the 10 minute drive home and began getting ready. My mind was racing. I wondered if somehow, my fantasy of sucking a cock would become a reality tonight. I knew that it was a long shot because I had no idea if he would actually be into that. If it did happen, would I like it? If I ended up liking it, would it lead to anything more?

On a side note, girls and guys alike have told me throughout my life that I have a nice bubble butt. Although I have a very thin waist, my butt sticks out pretty far and jiggles a little when I walk. Whenever I would get into one of my cock-craving moods while masturbating, I got into the habit of playing with my ass. As I did this more often throughout time, I decided to completely shave my legs and ass clean so I could feel how smoothe it was. The first time I shaved, I looked at my butt in the mirror and saw exactly what people had been telling me. I had a perfect, plump girl's butt. 

Since I was unsure of what the night held for me, I decided to hop in the shower and completely shave my pubes, ass, and legs. I loved the way it felt when I was shaved smoothe. My butt just looked too damn good like this! Upon finishing, I rubbed a generous amount of lotion over my butt and legs to battle any chance of razor burn and to also leave my skin feeling extra soft.

I couldn't wait to catch a buzz. I knew that Greg wasn't gay, but in the back of my mind I was hoping that I would somehow get a little peek of his cock at some point during the night. After all of the stories he told about having such a beautiful cock, I at least wanted to see if it was true. When I was about 5 minutes from his place, I texted him to let him know I was almost there.

Before I had a chance to get to the door, Greg came outside to greet me. As he approached me, I couldn't help but take a quick glance down. He had on a plain white t-shirt and a pair of white athletic shorts. Maybe I was seeing things, but it didn't look like he had any underwear on under the shorts because his bulge was clearly visible and it looked like his cock was swaying freely with every step toward me. I quickly looked back up because I didn't want to make it obvious that I noticed. "What's up man?!" he said pretty loudly. I could tell he already slammed a few beers. 

Greg's house was not huge by any means, but it was pretty well put together. He had a massive TV in the living room set up in front of a couch and his La-Z-Boy. I took a seat on the couch, and Greg made his way to the kitchen. "You want a beer, bud?" He asked.

"Absolutely!" I said with excitement. As he walked toward me with beer in hand, I tried my best not to stare at his dangling package. I could clearly see the details of his flaccid cock through his shorts. It looked pretty long and the way it bounced around had a hypnotic effect on me. You could tell that he also had a pretty big set of balls hanging below because of how thin his shorts were. After snapping out of my trance, I grabbed the beer and awkwardly thanked him. He just kind of smiled and sat in his chair. I could feel myself getting a little red. I'm not sure if he noticed me looking or not. 

We sat around and talked for awhile about work, life, girls, and whatever else popped into our heads. After about 8 or 9 beers, I was feeling nice and relaxed. I was so relaxed that I barely noticed that Greg had turned the TV on. "Do you want to watch a little porn for a bit? I get really horny when I drink." said Greg.

I thought about this for maybe a second or two and replied "Sure..." My buzz had me a little horny as well. Greg has always had a huge collection of porn. I know this because I borrow DVDs off him once in a while. I was a little surprised that he wanted to sit here and watch porn with me though.

Then the thought hit me. I figured that I could hint to him my infatuation with cock in a somewhat subtle way. Before he got up to put in a DVD, I said to him "Do you have any videos that revolve around blowjobs and deepthroating? I just love to watch a chick pleasing a big cock."

He looked at me with a slight smile on his face. Did he get the hint? He popped in a video and the first scene was a sexy young girl sucking a big, perfectly shaped cock. It seemed like the situation was falling into place.

As the video continued, I tried to be sneaky and catch a glimpse of his cock out of the corner of my eye. What I saw was unbelievable. I could actually see his cock rising in the thin shorts and reaching full mast. My heart started to flutter as I felt butterflies in my stomach. As we continued watching the porn, I noticed him starting to slide his hand into his lap.

"It's a shame that she can't handle throating that cock like it should be done. She must have a terrible gag reflex" I stated in a nonchalant tone.

"I was thinking the same thing" Greg replied. "Then again, not many girls have been able to throat what I'm packing" he said with confidence.

Deciding to go with the flow, I got a little more brave. "I don't know if I believe you Greg. A lot of guys claim to be big, but most of those guys are liars."

"Why would I lie to you about it? You would be envious!"

Without even thinking, I said "prove it." Silence. It seemed like he was into the little game we were playing, but I wasn't sure. My heart started beating faster as I became more and more nervous.

"Okay, but you have to promise me you won't attack it when you see it!" he said with a laugh. 

I turned my head back to the TV as I felt my cheeks become flushed red. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him slowly pull his shorts down. When he finally flopped out, my head slowly turned towards him. I didn't want to make it so obvious, but I couldn't contain myself. I could hear myself gasp as he picked up his heavy member and began stroking it. 

There is only one way to describe Greg's cock: PERFECTION. If I was to guess, I would say it was about 8 or 9 inches long, cut, and stuck straight out from his body. It was also pretty thick, but it didn't seem TOO thick. It's difficult to describe, but his cock was just perfectly shaped and proportioned. Was I having a dream, or was this really happening? 

"Wow" I said under my breath. "You definitely weren't lying."

"The only way to truly understand the size is to see it up close" he said as he motioned to the ground in front of him. "Come take a look." I was glad that he decided to initiate, but I didn't want to come off as obvious. 

"I don't know Greg. I'm not gay." I guess I wanted to be totally sure that he wasn't going to start laughing and call me a fag as soon as I started walking towards him. I wanted to know that I could trust him.

"I'm not gay either bud" he said in a calm voice. "I can tell that you're fascinated by it. Just because you like what a big cock looks like doesn't automatically mean that you're full-blown gay." 

He was right. I had no interest in anything else besides his cock. I never thought of men as being "attractive" and the thought of kissing another guy honestly grossed me out. I just really liked cock. I decided that it's now or never.

As I stood up and walked towards him, my legs felt weak with nervousness. I appreciated how subtle he was about the situation and how he made me feel like I was just going to watch him play with himself, but I knew what was going to happen. 

Kneeling down in front of him, I got my first good look at another guy's equipment up close. His cut cock looked so perfect. It was rock solid and he would voluntarily make it twitch and dance in the air, teasing me. He knew that he had me. I just sat and watched in amazement. This cock was MADE to have a mouth on it. His entire crotch region was completely shaved clean and when I looked down at his balls, my mouth nearly fell open. His sac was huge! It looked like two golfballs were hanging in his shaved sac. I could hear myself softly say "oh my Godddd.." under my breath as I watched, trying not to blink. They were so fat and hung down low. He reached his hand around his cock again and began slowly stroking the entire thick length of it. As he did this, I was fixated on his beautiful ball sac bouncing up and down. As I said before, I am obsessed with big balls and Greg's were a masterpiece.

"Do you believe me now??" he said. "I can tell you like what you see buddy. Go ahead and feel around."

I felt like my heart was going to beat out of my chest. Was this really about to happen? "You have to PROMISE that you won't tell ANYONE about this Greg. Not a soul. The last thing I need is for everyone to know that I was feeling another guy's equipment." 

"Don't worry man. I don't need people to know either. Just relax and do a little exploring." His calm demeanor put me at ease. I was finally going to get the chance to feel another man's cock and balls. And not just any set of cock and balls, but an amazingly large one.

As he continued to slowly stroke himself, I slipped my hand under his smoothe sac and felt the weight as they bounced. After a minute or two of watching and feeling, I couldn't take it anymore. I had to have a taste!! Slowly, I leaned in and stuck out my tounge. I could tell that Greg took a shower before I came over because he tasted so fresh. I gathered spit on my tounge and just lapped at the smooth balls for a few minutes before I sucked one into my mouth. He let out a moan as I gently sucked on it and tounged it in my mouth, and then I moved to the other one and did the same thing. I don't recall much of a taste, but they felt so warm and full in my mouth. At this point, he let go of his cock and as I continued my assault on his huge balls, I looked up and watched his cock dance and twitch out of control. Watching this made me even hornier so I began to moan. I was in heaven. 

Letting his now soaked balls out of my mouth, I pulled my head back and reached out to grip the beautiful piece of meat in front of me. I wanted to study it for a minute and really take my time with this experience. Touching another man's cock was definitely different, but it felt so natural. It felt nice and warm and the shaft was hard as a rock. I just sucked on my first pair of balls, and now I was about to get my first taste of cock. 

Rather than shove it right into my mouth, I decided that I wanted to tease a little bit with my tounge and really take my time. Starting at the base, I slowly licked my way up his shaft. When I reached the spongy head, I looked up at Greg, gathered some spit on my tounge, and touched my tounge to the tip which caused my spit to run down his shaft. I continued to look into his eyes with a sly smile on my face. I knew I was going to love this. 

Flicking my tounge out on the hot head caused his dick to twitch again and I continued to tenderly lick every inch of his cock. I'm not sure why, but feeling his engorged cock twitch and throb as I licked it made me so damn horny. It felt like his penis had a life of its own! I was so turned on that I just wanted to worship it, so that's exactly what I did. 

I was literally drooling on his big dick. I've had many blowjobs and it always seemed like the girls who would let the spit flow and be a little sloppy gave the best blowjobs. Every now and then, I'd suckle on his big mushroom head, then slowly pull my mouth off and let my spit string from his cock to my lips. Greg's hand reached down to grab his cock and he began stroking it again. With my face inches away, he began rubbing it onto my cheeks and then gently slapped the huge tool against my face a few times. I felt like such a little whore and I loved every second of it.

"I knew you'd love this big cock." Greg said between moans.

"MMMM I can't help it.." I purred as I stuck my tounge out and let him slap it with his cock. "I could lick this thing all night long." 

My lust was out of control. I never thought that I would actually have the courage to go through with this. My main concern was that either my family or friends would find out, but my fear quickly vanished as I knew that Greg wouldn't tell anyone because he had just as much to lose as me.

After spending a solid 15 minutes alternating between licking, kissing, and drooling on his rod and fat balls, I decided that it was time to take the plunge. As I made my way up to the fat head, I stopped and looked at Greg. "I want you to let me know in advance if you are close to cumming. I don't want this to end too fast. Besides, the more we delay, the more your load will build up." I said with a slutty grin. Where were these words coming from?! This was my very first time sucking, but I somehow knew exactly what I was doing and what I wanted. The hours spent reading erotic stories and fantasizing in my free time had me more than prepared. I felt like I was in total control and I loved it.

Greg just nodded to me as I lowered my mouth onto his cock head. After a few minutes of sucking and tounging his hole with the head in my mouth, I slowly inched down the shaft. Pacing myself, I decided to work on the first half of his cock for a little bit to start. I would slide my mouth down, then slowly pull up on his shaft while sucking hard and holding my tounge on the underside of it. Every time I would pull up, I'd feel his big cock twitch in my mouth. It was driving me insane with lust. While I was working on him, Greg abruptly pulled his cock out of my mouth and stood up.

"Let's go up to my bed so we have a little more room. Lead the way.." he said with a wink.

I stood up and made my way to the stairs. As I was walking, I turned my head around slightly and noticed that Greg was blatently staring at my bubble ass. I didn't really have plans on doing anything with Greg that involved my butt at this point, but I didn't mind turning him on with it on our way up to his room. I started to exaggerate with my hip movements as I walked which caused my ass to really bounce around. To be honest, I kind of enjoyed him looking at my butt like a piece of meat. 

Time moved in slow-motion as we finally made it up to his room. This is when I decided that I wanted him to use my mouth, so I quickly layed on my back on the bed and let my head dangle off the edge. "I want you to fuck my mouth Greg. But take your time at first."
