 For the longest time my fantasy was to find a hot couple to have a no holds (holes?) barred threeway with, but it just wasn't working. I had plenty of offers from guys, but I wasn't feeling one on one. One day while my wife was out of town on business, I found myself looking on craigslist for something to occupy my free time. Yet again I struck out.

I decide to head over to the MM4M section and see what I could find there. I stumble across this ad that was three married guys in their 40s looking for somewhere discrete to play away from home. They describe themselves as all being oral top bears, and really wanted a masculine oral bottom, but were cool with someone just watching them as well. My cock instantly gets very hard and I decide to reply. 

I tell them that my name was Mike, that I was 27 and my wife is out of town and we'd have free range of my theater room in my man cave. I'm 6' and also a hairy bear type with 6.5" of cut cock. I mention that I am extremely bicurious, but also nervous and haven't done anything. I warn them it may just be a place for them to watch some porn on the theatre screen and suck each other off, but that I do really want to suck so who knows. I also tell them that if it came to more than sucking, I would at the very least be versatile. 

I quickly hear back and they tell me they are looking for somewhere in the next twenty minutes. They include a picture of each of them along with descriptions. Joe is 5'11" and has a 6" cut cock, while David is 6'2" with a 7.5" cut cock with a very thick head. The last guy, Jon, is about 5'10" with a slender 9" cut cock, and his picture shows it flat against his stomach with an absolutely messy load all over his chest. They tell me it's fine and that it will be fun either way, and I give them my address.

I start getting extremely nervous at this point, and quickly pour myself a drink and swallow it in one gulp. I turn on some bi threesome porn on the big screen and hear the doorbell ring. I head upstairs in my t-shirt and athletic shorts, and open the door and find them wearing similar. They tell me they had all told their wives they were going to play basketball and shake my hand with smiles. I lead them downstairs to the theatre room. 

"Wow, hot porn man," Jon says to me.

"Thanks. You guys need anything to drink?" I ask, looking around the room.

"Nah I think we're good," David says sitting down on the couch as the others sit next to him, and then adds with a laugh "Pretty much ready to go."

I sit down in the rocking chair and watch as all three of them lower their shorts and take off their shirts and start jacking themselves as they watch the porn, and me, to see what I do. "Wow you guys weren't kidding" I say with a grin, looking at all of their hard cocks, already glistening with precum.

"Yeah feel free to jump in at any point," Joe says as he reaches over to take a hold of David's cock and start stroking.

Although still nervous, I take out my cock and start stroking, tossing my shorts to the side. Joe lowers his mouth onto David's massive cock head and starts sucking the head while stroking him. This causes a huge glob of precum to come out of my cock, which I quickly rub over my head.

"Want some help with that?" Jon asks me. I don't say anything, but I nod affirmatively and let go of my cock. He stands up and walks over, his long cock swaying back and forth, dropping to his knees in front of my chair. He wraps his lips around my cock and starts expertly sucking up and down my whole shaft while squeezing my balls. I know I won't last long.

At this point Joe has stopped sucking David, and they're both just watching me with a smile. When they notice that I see this, they get up and walk over. "Jon sure can suck some dick, can't he?" David asks with a laugh.

"Fuck, feels great," I manage to say somehow, staring up at them, their cocks within arm's reach. I slowly reach out and take one in each hand and start stroking them while Jon sucks my cock. I know that, as excited as I am, I won't last long in his mouth. Joe steps forward slightly, his purple head right by my mouth. I open it up and use my hand to pull him the rest of the way into my mouth. I slowly start bobbing my head up and down on his shaft, stroking David at the same speed. 

"Damn dude," Joe says, "are you positive this is your first time?"

"I promise it is," I say popping his head out of my mouth and then quickly sucking it back in. I pick up speed, stroking David faster as well. I moan as my cock hits the back of Jon's throat, and Joe steps back, taking his cock in his hand. He quickly starts spurting cum, two, three, four thick ropes land across my face. David at the sight of this does the same, spurting like 7 watery loads right in my face which quickly run onto my chest. Completing the chain reaction, I feel my balls empty into Jon's throat and he swallows it down. David sort of collapses onto the couch, his cock head on his thigh.

"Since that was your first time I didn't want to cum in your mouth," Joe says with a wide smile.

"Thanks man," I say to him, leaning to lick the cum off his softening cock, giving the whole thing one last suck. "But it doesn't taste that bad I guess," I add with a laugh. "I'm a fucking mess already." 

"You don't know what a mess is yet, bro," Jon says with a smile standing up. 

"Yeah, I know, I saw your picture," I say getting out of the chair and getting on my knees in front of him. I wrap my hands around the base of his shaft, stroking slowly, trying to figure out where to start. I take the head slowly in my mouth, sucking more and more in until I gag as it hits the back of my throat. Finding my limit of how much of him I can take in, I start slurping noisily up and down on his shaft, sucking about half and stroking the other.

"Oh fuck that feels good," Jon moans out. I take that that as my cue to speed up and do, strings of cum from the first two loads dripping onto my chest and the floor. It doesn't take too long of this before Jon starts grunting something about cumming and I feel multiple spurts hit the back of my throat. I start gagging and pull him out, warm cum running down my throat and out of my mouth. Spurt after spurt of cum splashes onto my face, my hair, and my back as I continue stroking him. I don't even know how much cum he gave me, and couldn't really see through the cum in my eyes. I take his still hard cock and start wiping the cum out of my eyes, licking it off his shaft as I do. I don't bother with the rest of my face (or hair... or chest...). 

I stand up and walk towards the couch, strings of cum dripping down my chin as I go. I push the coffee table to the side and kneel in front of David as he's still on the couch, and take his limp cock in my mouth and start sucking gently, twirling my tongue around the head of his cock. I feel it start to grow in my mouth as Joe walks up to the side of my face. Joe starts sliding his cock all over my face, covering it with the three loads that are there. Joe then moves behind me and starts slowly pressing his cock into me. I moan as his hard, cum-covered shaft starts slowly sliding into me as David hardens in my mouth. 

I start bobbing up and down on David's cock as Joe thrusts faster and faster in and out of my ass. Jon walks over and places his hand on my back and reaches down and starts sucking me. I can feel Joe's balls slapping against mine as he fucks me harder and faster, moaning with pleasure as I pull of of David's cock to clean the mess of cum from my face that has pooled on him. "Fucking shit that feels good man keep going," I manage to get out before wrapping my lips back around David and working his cock like a nineteen year old sorority slut.

Joe's only response is grunts and groans as he picks up speed, and I soon start shooting my load onto the floor with Jon stroking me. My spasming cock and prostate must press against Joe in all the right places as I can feel him start to cum in my ass. He slides out and I can feel some start to ooze down my leg. 

"Better keep the floor clean so your wife doesn't find out," Jon says with a grin, leaning down to suck my cock clean and lick my cum off the floor. He then pulls my head off of David's cock and snowballs it into my mouth from above, and I greedily swallow down my own cum. Jon then moves behind me and starts sliding his long, slender cock up and down my cum coated ass hole before sliding it in slowly. 

"Let me know how far you can take it," Jon says to me as he slides more and more of his nine inch shaft inside of me. I decide I want all of it and start pushing back against him, moaning and whispering 'holy fuck' until his cock is completely inside of me. 

"Damn man," He says with a laugh and starts thrusting, harder and faster than I thought would be possible, Joe's cum serving as an excellent lube. I'm now being fucked so hard that I can't concentrate on sucking David and he stands up and slides his cock into my mouth, fucking my throat. I laugh in my head at what I'm sure the sight is as I hear Jon's balls slap against my ass and David's against my face.

"I'm gonna cum, your ass is too tight man," Jon says with a laugh. 

"Fuck dude, flood my ass," I say, pulling off of David's cock.

David sits back down on the couch and I hear Jon start to groan and he buries his cock to the base inside of me with a slam. I feel him start to cum deep inside of me, spurt after spurt after spurt, filling me to the brim with his hot, steamy cum. He pulls out and I feel it start to immediately run out of me, all the way to my ankles. 

"Holy shit," I say with a laugh, looking down and the stream of cum running down the inside of my legs. "Well David," I say grinning, "I think I'm probably opened enough and lubed enough for that thick mushroom head of yours." David grins as well and starts to get up, but I walk over and turn around, slowly lowering myself onto his hard shaft. It hurts a little as I start to slide his head into me, but it soon pops in and I whisper softly "fuck that's huge," before sliding the rest of his cock easily in. I start sliding up and down on his cock, slowly at first, and then picking up speed; strings of cum swaying back and forth on my chin as I ride him. 

I'm now riding David pretty fast, my cock flopping up and down with every stroke. Jon steps forward and takes my cock in his mouth, letting it thrust in and out as I grind against David, growing harder in his mouth. Joe steps forward and slides his cock into my mouth again, and I wrap my lips around the shaft and suck up and down as I ride David. 

After a few minutes Joe starts cumming down my throat. I don't even pull off with my mouth and instead readily suck it down and swallow every drop. I feel my cum start to swell in my balls, and moan as it starts erupting into Jon's mouth as he swallows my load down, slurping my cock clean. I feel my ass pulsating around David's cock as I cum, causing him to start emptying his load into me with a grunt, adding more cum to my already full ass.

"Damn," I say with a laugh, standing up off of David. "I feel like a freshman sorority slut," I say smiling, as I look down at the cum all over my chest and down the insides of my legs, feeling it starting to dry on my still covered face.

"You kinda look like one, too," David says with a laugh. 

I grin, "yeah I think I'm worn out for the day," I say, scooping cum out of my eyes and licking it off my finger. Everyone else agrees and we clean ourselves up (well they do, I desperately need a shower and skip wiping myself clean). We all head our separate ways, but not before making plans for the next time.