 I looked at my reflection in the mirror, and smiled a nervous smile. I had just had a quick shower and shave, and now I stood looking in the steam-frosted mirror, wearing my Hunter Green terrycloth robe. My cock was hard as I thought about what I had just decided to do no more than fifteen minutes ago. I had always been curious about being with a man, but often thought I'd never actually do anything about it. Still, my curiosity didn't stop me from going on a gay and bi male chat site. 

Using the name "bicuriousboy4now" I spent a few months chatting with a lot of local men, but none of them really did it for me. Most guys would want to fuck right away, and none of them would even consider anything but unsafe sex. I wasn't going to have any of that, but on the night I swore would be my last night, I met him. He went by the username "Tattooed_Dragon", but I soon found out his real name was Ben. He was different from the others. He was willing to get to know me, to listen to my concerns, and to be patient with me as I slowly worked up the nerve to invite him over. And what really won me over was that he agreed to my request of wearing a condom if things went that far.

For some reason I had been horny all day at work, and on my drive home I swore to myself that tonight would be the night. I went into the chat room, and waited almost half-an-hour before Ben came on-line. We chatted in private for a little while before I finally got up the courage to tell him that I was ready. We discussed things for a while longer, and Ben agreed to come over.

I ran my fingers through my hair, and sighed. I had something under my robe that was meant to be a surprise for Ben. He had once told me a fantasy he had, and I had decided to help fulfill his fantasy since he was about to fulfill mine. My nervous thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door, and I rushed from the bathroom to the front door. I let Ben into my apartment, and then closed the door behind him. I looked him over, and felt my stomach flip. He was just shy of six feet tall, had dark brown hair, a goatee, and was wearing a pair of tight blue jeans and a t-shirt. His eyes were a cobalt blue, and when he smiled I could see how nervous he was as well.

"Hi, Ben," I said, almost stammering. "Pleased to meet you."

"Likewise," Ben answered, and I could see his eyes run along my own robe-clad body.

"I hope you don't mind if I jump right to the chase. I'm nervous enough that if we even stop and talk for five minutes, I might not have the guts to continue."

Ben nodded his head. "Hey, man, no worries here. Just do what you feel is most comfortable for you."

I led Ben into my apartment, and down the hallway to my bedroom. But before we even got halfway down the hall, I stopped Ben, and pressed him against the wall. We stood there looking at each other, and I tentatively touched my hand to his crotch, and felt his already hard cock straining against the material. Ben's eyes closed, and he leaned his head against the wall as I rubbed his hard-on, and within moments I found myself getting down to my knees, and unbuttoning his pants. He was going commando, and once I had his jeans undone, his cock popped out ready for anything. It had to be at least eight inches long, and two inches thick, and I saw some pre-cum slipping out of the slit at the end of his cock. I stroked his cock for a few minutes, all the while listening to Ben moan with pleasure.

When I felt I was ready, I leaned my head in, and ran my tongue along his bulging purple head. I swirled my tongue along the tip of his cock for a few moments before I finally opened wide and took his cock into my mouth. I began to slowly bob my head up and down, dragging my teeth along his thick shaft. I took as much of his cock into my mouth as I could with each downward motion, and I enjoyed the feeling of his hands on the sides of my face urging me to take even more of him in. Thankfully he didn't force me to take more than I could though, which was appreciated.

"No more," Ben moaned a few minutes later. "I don't want to waste this load in your mouth. If you're ready, I'll pop that cherry of yours."

I looked up at Ben, and let his cock slip out of my mouth. "You're on stud."

We walked quickly into my bedroom, and once inside Ben took off all of his clothes. When he was naked, I smiled a little, and said, "I thought I'd help fulfill a fantasy of yours too."

"Oh?" said Ben, and I saw his face light up once I undid my robe and shrugged it off my shoulders. I stood in front of him, my cock constricted by a pair of panties. I had found them almost three weeks ago in the laundry room, and I had thrown them in my wash, immediately thinking at the time that they would come in handy with Ben one day. My, how right I was!

"So, this means for right now, you're going to be my little male bitch?" he asked, and I could swear I saw his cock grow even larger as he said these words.

"As long as we stick with the plan," I answered, referring to the condoms.

"The safer the better," Ben agreed, and I walked over to my bedside table and opened a drawer to take one out. I threw it to him, and then I crawled onto the bed, my head bowed, my panty-clad ass presented to him. I heard my bed creak as Ben climbed onto my bed behind me, and I felt his hands run all over my ass. I groaned as I felt his hand reach under my to squeeze my scrotum, and I let out a little surprised gasp as I felt him tug my panties to one side, revealing both my cock and my ass.

"This looks like such a nice virgin ass, my little bitch," Ben said, and I let out a louder groan as I felt him tugging on my cock, as well as leaning in to run his tongue around my puckered asshole. I felt like I was in heaven as Ben tongued my ass, and stroked my cock, tugging on it one moment, rubbing the precum that oozed out of it into my head the next. He fucked my ass with his tongue for what seemed like forever before he finally pulled away. He smacked my ass several times before I heard the condom wrapper being torn open, and I looked back to watch him rolling it onto his cock.

Knowing that part of his fantasy was taking control of the situation, I wasn't worried when Ben moved in closer, and immediately pressed his cock against my virgin ass without first working my asshole with his fingers. "Get ready to feel your cherry go pop!" he said, and with a deep growl he plunged his cock into my ass.

I cried out as Ben entered my virgin ass, and I gripped the bed sheets as he began to fuck me. Even though his role right now was that of the dominant male, I could sense that he wasn't giving it to me as hard as he could of, and I appreciated the gesture. My ass felt stretched far beyond what I had ever felt before. His hands were on my hips, and he pulled me against him with each of his mighty thrusts.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," I said to myself, repeating the words faster and faster with each of his thrusts. I leaned down against the bed, and reached under me to grab my hard cock. I stroked it quickly as Ben fucked me, enjoying him calling me "His bitch" and telling me what a wonderful ass I had. 

"In fact," he said between grunts, "It's the best cherry I've ever had!"

I heard my breath become more ragged as I stroked my cock harder and faster, and I felt Ben lean into me more as the sound of his breath began to match my own. I was close to coming, and I could tell that Ben was also.

"Cum in my ass," I pleaded. "Complete your utter dominance of this worthless bitch!"

Ben bit into my shoulder hard, and just as I felt my own cum begin to squirt from my cock, Ben let out a loud moan, which deafened me for a few seconds as his own cream filled up his condom.

Ben buckled against me, and we both collapsed onto the bed. I felt the pool of my cum against my chest, and Ben's hot breath on the back of my neck. After a while Ben withdrew his cock from my newly christened ass, and took off the condom. He got up, asked me where my bathroom was, and left the room to flush the condom down the toilet.

"So that's what it's like," I said to myself with a Cheshire cat sized grin, and waited for Ben to return. Maybe if I were lucky, he'd make me his bitch again.