 I was going through a difficult patch with my girlfriend and was feeling very down. Although I am basically straight I have gay periods when all of a sudden I find myself looking at gay porn. But I had never been with a man.

One week at work we had a visit from a West Indian sales rep named Ralph. He was huge, very black and was rumoured to have about 12 children, so all the women were fascinated.

So was I, although I didn't realise it at the time. It wasn't until I was having a meeting with him - just the two of us in a room, and I was buzzing. I didn't know why, but I could think of nothing but the contents of his underpants.

I managed to control myself and when our meeting ended I went outside to my desk and got on with some work. Half an hour later Ralph was leaving, and as he passed he gave me his business card and said 'I forgot to give you this. I'm here all week' casually so it looked like a business thing. The buzzing started inside me again and at five o'clock I flew out of the door and phoned him on my mobile. 'Hi, it's George,' I said nervously. He told me which hotel he was staying at and said we should meet for a drink, but I should call for him at his room.

I didn't really know why I was doing this, but half an hour later I was there, knocking on his door.

He opened it wearing no shirt and no shoes, just his trousers.

'Sorry,' he said, 'I'm just getting changed.' He had just had a shower - I could smell his body, and I liked it. 'Won't be a second,' he said and walked over to the bed. 'Take a seat,' he said. I sat six feet away from him as he unzipped his trousers and they fell to the floor. He stepped out of them. No underpants. He wasn't looking at me, just pretending to be oblivious to my presence. My heart was beating fast, my cock was stirring and my arse was alive - just making me aware of its presence.

Ralph then leaned over to get some fresh pants from his case and I watched as his buttocks parted slightly. Then he stood up straight, looked at me and said 'Was I imagining it earlier or was there some sort of... animal instinct in the air?' His large and thrillingly black cock was half erect and it reminded me of all the black porn I had looked at, where the guys with the huge ones always seem to be only half inflated. Was that because they didn't have enough blood to fill the thing?

"All the women are fascinated by you," I said.

"They usually are," he replied casually. "Big black guy with 10 kids? Yeah, especially in places where they don't see too many guys like me."

"You must do pretty well on your travels," I continued. He shrugged. "Any luck at our place?"

"Ann Marie last night," he said without smiling. Ann Marie was one of the sales girls, good looking and a bit of a character.

"Trouble is," he went on, "She wouldn't let me fuck her ass. She'd do anything but that."

"And you're really into that, are you?" I asked lightly nervously.

"It's the best fun there is," he stated. "But women are often afraid of it. Too mindful of their precious bodies. Guys have more guts."

"Really?" I stammered.

"Once they get over the initial reservations" he said. "Like you. You'd love

it if you let yourself go." I tried to smile but wasn't sure if that was the appropriate response.

"I'm standing here naked and you haven't run away," he said. "You're nervous but thinking about it. Am I right?" I smiled weakly again.

"Why don't you take your clothes off, get into the spirit of things?" he said invitingly. "Then if you're lucky I might lick your ass." I blushed fucking crimson.

"Don't be afraid," he said. "I didn't ask you to do it to me. I'm offering to do it to you."

Somehow I found myself unbuttoning my shirt and then my trousers and in a flash I was naked in a hotel room with this thrilling man.

"Kneel on the bed," he ordered, and I did. I was very apprehensive because I had never had my arse licked before, let alone by a man. But I knelt as directed and waited. Ralph walked casually over and stuck his tongue between my buttocks. His tongue was as big as everything else and he treated me like a meal, his big hands on my hips as he helped himself. I decided then and there that he could do anything he liked. The situation was out of my control and I liked it. He was devouring me just as I had devoured so many girls. He took my balls in one enormous mitt while the other encircled my erection.

"Now your turn," he said firmly. "Do something to me."

"Like what?" I asked stupidly.

"Something sexual," he said. "It's just sexual. Suck my cock."

He sat beside me on the bed with his huge phallus standing up, calling to me.

Something inside me said fuck it, why not? You're naked with this guy and it's the biggest thrill you've ever had already, so take this big West Indian penis in your mouth.

So I did. I knelt between Ralph's legs, took his hardon in one hand and guided it into my mouth. I was now in an emotional position I had never been in before. I was sucking this guy's cock and loving it and longing for what came next.

"Now lick my ass," he said quietly, kneeling as I had. This wasn't part of the deal we had made minutes ago, but I wanted so much to do it I was almost exploding with excitement.

I put my face in the zone and tentatively licked him. It felt fantastic. The thrill of rimming Ralph flooded through my body and the head of my cock felt like a brass knob, it was so full of blood.

"You're licking my ass," he said. "How does that feel?"

"I love it," I said breathlessly.

"Lick it some more," he said. "Then we'll get to the best part."

I presumed he was talking about fucking me, and I certainly hoped he was. I was a different person from the narrow-minded provincial boy who had sat trembling across the desk from this man earlier in the day. I felt like I was growing up, and fast.

I licked his big black arsehole with something akin to pride, pride in my new rounded character. He moaned in ecstasy.

"Shit," he said. "Nobody ever done it so good before. Lick my ass, boy."

I could have eaten the guy for dinner. My tongue had opened him up so I was now licking what I presumed was a pink area just inside his ring. It felt softer, creamier and altogether more wicked.

"Okay," he said eventually. "You do that much more I'm gonna want you to put your cock in there. And that's not the object of the exercise. You're here so I can fuck you. Now, you want to be your back or your knees? How have you fantasised about it? Cos I know you have, every guy does."

"I want you to fuck me doggy-style," I said. He was right, I had thought about it. I just never thought it would happen, but this man had been sent to relieve me of my anal virginity, to break the bonds of my conventional attitudes.

"Kneel, then," he said, and I got into position in the middle of the bed. He licked my anus again while his big masculine hands were all over me, and then he smeared lube into my crack and thrust a finger into me, then two fingers, rolling them around and making me bigger and more receptive.

"And now," he said grandly. "You are going to have my big black penis in your ass."

I couldn't wait. My arse was desperate for him, desperate to be penetrated by his mighty cock.

It hurt like hell when he got behind me and pushed, but I kind of pushed back as I had read you were supposed to, and soon, with a ring-shattering shove, he was right up my hole and I was past pain and into unutterable pleasure.

"You like being fucked?" he asked kindly.

"I love it," I said.

"What do you like?" he asked with an oddly academic interest.

"I love having your cock up my hole," I said. "Just fuck me, Ralph." He did. He fucked me with his big, strong tool and he moved me around with his big strong arms and he thrilled me till I thought I was going to turn inside out. He made me the bisexual I am today.

When Ralph finally came inside me with a kind of roar I was so happy, so proud to receive his spunk.

We decided not to go down for dinner, but to wait and do it again. He kissed me and I felt him all over. My fingers lingered in his crack and I loved the sinful feeling of having abandoned myself to him. I sucked his cock, probed his navel with my tongue, then rimmed him again, and all night we kept up a cycle of depravity as he fucked me, I licked his arse, he sucked my cock, he licked my arse and he came in my mouth. I staggered out of the hotel at dawn with the arrangement that we would meet again that night and do it again.