 "EXCUSE ME!" came an inpatient voice. "I've been ringing this bell for at least 5 minutes and I'm TIRED of being ignored!"

At the sound of the peevish interruption, Mike slid out from underneath the car he was working on. As he got to his feet, he started to wipe the grease from his hands on his pants and look for the source of irritation.

Standing in the doorway was a tall, dark haired business type dressed impeccably in an expensive suit. From the way he filled out his clothes it looked like he spent a lot of time at the gym. Light danced off his Rolex and what had to be a one-carat diamond stud in his ear. The dude just oozed money – and while he might be one hot piece of ass his manner suggested he was a total prick.

"Can't you read man," Mike asked? "The sign says 'no customers allowed in the garage area.' It's a safety thing."

"I'm surprised an oiled up grease monkey such as yourself can even read. And DON'T ever address me as 'man.' My name is Clifford Huntington and I'm here to pick up my car," came the haughty reply. "The receptionist told me it would be ready at 5:00. It is now 5:23 and no one is even at the desk to assist me!"

"I was right," Mike thought. "TOTAL prick."

Mike was used to the type. The ones who had money so they thought they could talk down to everyone and get what they wanted by being obnoxious and overbearing. Mike knew just what this situation called for, and he began to relish what was about to happen.

"Now take it easy Cliff," Mike drawled. "There's no need to be so hostile. Which one is yours and I'll make sure you're WELL taken care of."

"It's Clifford, not Cliff, and it's the red Porsche 911 Carrera. It cost me over $73,000 – more money than you'll EVER see - so it had better be ready to go."

Mike went and leaned against the Porsche in question. He folded his arms across his muscular chest and leered at Clifford. He knew he was his equal at least in the looks department.

His worn jeans clung to his hips and thighs, while his dirty white t-shirt strained to fit over his upper body. His black hair was caught up in band at the nape of his neck and when it was loose, grazed his shoulders. Mike had never had a problem capturing the attention of both women AND men and he wasn't about to start now. His hand strayed to his crotch and he grabbed himself through his pants.

"Yeah the Porsche. Nice ride CLIFF," Mike intoned. "Big money, big time car. You must be over compensating for something."

"What did you just say," Clifford asked in a menacing tone.

"I said 'over compensating.' Do I stutter? You may be loaded, but I have it where it counts!"

With that, Mike started to work on the button fly of his pants. Clifford stood gaping at him. His nostrils flared and a murderous gleam appeared in his eyes.

"I have no clue who you think you are or what in the hell you think you're doing, but I'll have your low-paying mechanic ass for this!"

"Oh someone will have someone's ass all right," promised Mike. "But I guarantee you won't have mine."

"Step away from my damn car before you damage the paint job you idiot. And don't ever speak to me that way again," yelled Clifford.

"Quit your bitchin' man," scoffed Mike, "or I'll have to shove my dick in your mouth to make you shut the hell up."

Clifford leapt across the garage and lunged at Mike. The two were soon grappling with each other, trying to throw each other down and prove who was dominant. As they wrestled, Mike felt himself swell and thicken. Clifford noticed it too and quickly broke off.

"What in the hell," he asked? "Just what sort of game are you playing?"

"No games Cliff," Mike responded. "You money types think you're so superior. I'm here to prove to you that even the rich can't make up for certain areas that are – shall we say – lacking. That's why you wear the clothes you do and drive hot cars. It's because you got a little dick isn't it Cliff?"

Clifford stared silently at Mike, then the edges of his mouth curled up in a semblance of a smile.

"I get it," he mused. "Why don't you just cut through the bullshit and admit you want a taste of one of the finer things in life. And I don't need to overcompensate. I have it ALL!"

With that Clifford undid his trousers and let them fall. His silk boxers strained as his now excited rod begged for release. Clifford reached down and freed himself, holding himself proudly for Mike's inspection.

"Not bad Cliff. That has to be what? About 8 inches? Pretty thick too. Yeah Cliff, not bad at all. But I still got ya beat!"

Mike now totally undid his jeans, exposing himself fully for Clifford's perusal.

Clifford's eyes nearly bulged from their sockets and his mouth opened and closed like a fish. If Mike weren't so worked up he would have actually laughed.

"I TOLD you I have it where it counts," Mike chuckled.

"That...you've...that HAS to be the biggest cock I've ever seen," whispered Clifford. "There is NO way you're putting that thing any where near me!"

Mike's husky laugh filled the room.

"I've been told I'm a good 10 ½ inches," Mike bragged. "And you can make it fit. You've already shown me you got a big mouth."

Like a man in a trance, Clifford walked over to Mike.

"Yeah," he whispered, almost sounding like he was trying to convince himself. "I can take it. I can take it."

Mike knew he had him. He leaned back against the Porsche and taunted for Clifford to show him what a rich boy could do.

Clifford took off his jacket and laid it at Mike's feet. He undid his tie, unbuttoned his shirt, and let it fall to the ground as well. Clad only in an undershirt, he kneeled in front of Mike and tentatively touched his tongue to the head of Mike's dick.

Mike made his cock bob up and down, forcing his erection away from Clifford's outstretched tongue. Clifford's eyes flew up to Mike's face. Mike gave a little shrug and smirk that was both daring and amused.

"If you're gonna do it man DO IT," said Mike. "Don't just look at it and give it a weak little lap. Suck it like you MEAN it!"

"Cocky bastard," Clifford stated before he opened wide and sucked the tip of Mike's dipstick into his mouth.

Clifford's cheeks puffed in and out as he worked the head of Mike's dick. The pressure his mouth was creating was intense. He might be an ass but he could suck the chrome off a bumper.

"Ummm...that's good man," Mike sighed, tangling his hands into Clifford's hair. "Try and take some more. Gag on that meat."

Clifford obliged and opened his throat. Slowly he began to insert Mike's penis as far as he could. His eyes watered as he felt himself being stretched. Clifford began to bob up and down, open mouthed, in an attempt to get as much of Mike as possible. Loud slurps filled the garage as Clifford spit and licked, leaving drool trials dripping from Mike's rod.

"Aw man," chastised Mike. "You're being all sloppy. Lick that cock clean. Lick my nuts too while you're at it."

Clifford's response was to let his tongue snake out and flick the length of Mike's shaft. Greedily he set in lapping his rod. He took Mike in his hand and lifted his meaty member to expose his balls. They were full and round and looked like they were about to burst.

Clifford nuzzled them, breathing in Mike's scent. He then began to wash Mike's sack, licking every part with quick darts of his tongue.

"That's enough man," Mike said pulling Clifford up and spinning him around. "I told you someone would have someone's ass. My cock wants yours."

"You're too big," Clifford implored. "You'll tear me up with that thing."

"I promise I'll be gentle," Mike replied.

Mike went over to his workbench and pulled out a jar of what looked like grease. 

"A mechanic's favorite friend," Mike laughed.

Mike bent Clifford face first onto the hood of the Porsche. He undid the lid and scooped out a thick handful of lube. He rubbed it on his swollen cock, then pried Clifford's cheeks apart. Taking more lube, Mike rubbed a healthy dose onto Clifford's puckered hole.

"I'm gonna put one finger inside you," breathed Mike.

Mike pushed his pointer finger into Clifford's ass.

"Nice and tight Cliff," Mike said. "I'm impressed. I can't wait to shove this big, fat dick all up in that tight little man cunt and of yours and loosen you up."

With that, Mike inserted his middle finger as well into Clifford's hole. He pumped his fingers in and out as Clifford's breathing became pants and he began to buck against Mike's hand.

"MORE," Clifford demanded.

"Yeah you want more? How 'bout three?"

Mike added another finger then thought, "Fuck it."

He introduced his pinky into the mix and was soon sawing four fingers rapidly into Clifford's willing ass.

"That's it baby," Mike breathed. "Take those fingers. Open that hole up. Get it ready for my cock."

"I'm ready," whispered Clifford.

"You're ready? You want me to fuck you now? You want ALL of this cock up in you?"

"Please," begged Clifford.

Mike laughed to himself. Yup, he had it where it counted. Didn't matter who it was, he always had them wanting him.

Mike pressed his mushroom tipped cock against Clifford's ass. 

"Push out and breath baby," He advised.

"I'll Try.......OH MY GOD!" Clifford yelped as Mike slammed his cock inside.

"Told you you could take it," Mike rasped. "I'm all the way in you man. My cock is all the way in your ass."

Mike began to move, pulling almost all the way out and then driving back in. Clifford lay sprawled across the hood. He attempted to push back but the force of Mike coming into him left him speechless. All he could do was lay there and take Mike into his body.

Sweat pored down Mike as he gave Clifford everything he had.

"Lucky for you I haven't blown one today so I'm gonna cum pretty soon."

Clifford's response was to dig his nails into the palms of his hands and moan loudly. Nothing had ever felt this good. He was always used to being in charge and being totally dominated by this dreamy mechanic excited him like nothing else.

Mike began to stiffen. He pulled out of Clifford's now wide-open ass and spun him around. 

"Get on your knees," Mike demanded.

Clifford fell onto the ground and Mike grabbed his hair, pulling his head back.

"Open your mouth pretty boy," Mike growled.

Clifford opened wide as Mike jerked his cock. Mike's eyes closed and the veins in his neck stood out.

"FUCK YEAH," he screamed as spurt after spurt found it's way into Clifford's open mouth.

"Swallow it. Yeah...that's a good boy. Now lick it clean."

Clifford drank down every drop of Mike's cum, then licked his dick erasing all traces of spunk.

"Aw poor baby," Mike purred. "You didn't get off yet."

He reached out, slathered Clifford with lube, and began to pump his fist up and down. Clifford had been on the edge the whole time Mike was screwing him, and now the hand job he was receiving was doing the trick.

With a yell, Clifford spilled his passion onto the suit coat at his feet.

"I'm going to have a hard time explaining that to my cleaner," he mused.

"Just go out and buy another one Cliff," Mike retorted as he threw the keys to the Porsche at Clifford.

"My friends all told me that mechanics will always try and screw you," Clifford said. "Guess they were right."