 I've been using a popular gay sex app for a few years now. I have had some good times through the app: sucked some nice cocks and got fucked a few times, but nothing really drove me to write another story, until now!

I am finished work in the AM, usually before 10. Most days I head to the gym to get a workout out in, after which I head home for lunch and a quick nap. The gym scene can get pretty hot at times. I am bi, so I like to look at some of the women there. A lot of girls wear tight clothes. Sometimes so tight you can see their thongs when doing squats and other bending exercises. I try my best not to look, but its hard not to.

On those days, I come home and usually jerk off quickly and move on with my day. Somedays I will log onto the app and see if anyone is around and looking. Its usually the same people, except for yesterday! I got a message from a guy who lived about 15 minutes away. He had a face pic in his profile and he looked ok. He was black, and around my age. I told him I like to suck cock and sometimes bottom. He quickly sent a cock pic. He was big, a perfect size. Looked to be around 8 inches or so. We chatted a bit more and he then gave me his address and asked me to come over. 

He wasn't too far, so I was knocking on his door in about 15 minutes. He let me in and we made some quick small talk and went to his living room. He then pulled down his shorts and sat on the couch. His pic was right on! His cock was perfect! It was long and thick. He wasn't fully hard when I got on my knees and took his cock in my hands. I stroked him for a few seconds and just enjoyed looking it. I then when down and took his big cock in my mouth. It really was nice! Still not fully hard, so I could take his cock all the way down to his trimmed pubic hair. I slowly moved up and down on his big cock which began to get bigger and thicker as he got hard. 

I picked up my pace on his cock, up and down with my mouth while stroking him with my right hand. I kept my left hand on my own cock. I then used my right hand to start rubbing and playing with his balls, which he really seemed to like. I pulled my mouth off for a moment and just continued to stroke his cock while looking at how nice it was. I kept jerking his dick and starting to lick and suck his balls, which he really responded to. He starting to breathe harder and moan when I took his balls into my mouth. I continued to stroke his cock and lick his balls faster. I even moved down and licked under his balls as I stroked him. 

I could feel his balls tighten and could tell he was getting close to cumming. He took his own cock and started to quickly jerk it up and down, saying he was close. I went back and took his cock in my mouth as he pumped it up and down. He moaned louder and pushed his cock to the back of my throat as he started to cum. I could feel 2 or 3 nice shots of cum hit the back of my mouth, which I quickly swallowed. He took his hand away and I then started to slowly jerk him up and down to get every last drop. Some guys get very sensitive after cumming and pull away, he didn't. I was able to continue sucking his big cock as it began to get soft. I slowly went up and down on his still big dick. I then pulled away as his breathing got back to normal. He had a nice smile on his face, so I knew he enjoyed it. He asked if I wanted to cum, but I said I would take care of myself when I got home (and I shot a nice big load when I finally got home!). 

We each pulled our pants up and said we should meet up again. I said we can do more next time, if he wanted. He asked what I meant, and I said we could try to fuck. I said that is a big cock, so I wasn't sure if I could take it, but I wanted to try!

We planned to keep in touch over the app, which we have. We are going to meet up again. Hope the second time is better!