 This is a continuation of my first story...

That was a nice, quick hook up. He had a great cock, and I couldn't wait to meet up again.

A few days later, I logged into the app again and wrote him a quick message, saying I had fun the other day and wanted to meet up again. He messaged me back a few minutes later and said he was free for a few hours. I asked what he wanted to do, and his reply, "fuck your ass". He didn't have to ask me twice! 

I told him I would be over in about 30 minutes, since I needed a few minutes to get ready. I took a quick shower, and made sure to really clean my ass! I then got dressed and drove to his house. 

He answered the door right away and we walked to his living room. I saw he already had a tube of lube and a magnum condom in his hand...he was ready! He then said we can go downstairs. He had a bedroom in the basement. He closed the door behind us, and I took off my shirt then my shorts and underwear. He took off his shirt and I started to rub his cock through his shorts, and it already felt big. I got down on my knees and lowered his shorts for him and was greeted by that big black cock! 

I took his cock in my hand and slowly started to stoke it. After a few seconds, I put the head of his cock in my mouth and started to lick the head. I took his cock deeper into my mouth while stroking it at the same time. I could feel him getting bigger and harder, and I kept wondering if I take that cock in my ass. I continued to work on his cock for a few minutes and then went to his balls. He really moaned as I stroked his cock and licked his balls. I took his balls into my mouth and licked and sucked them, which he really liked. 

He then pulled me up and pushed me onto the bed. He rubbed my ass then pulled my cheeks apart and starting playing with my hole. He then started to lick my hole and stick his tongue up my ass. I've never had my ass eaten before, but it felt great. He was fucking my hole with his tongue, getting me nice and wet. He pulled away and said he wanted to fuck me. I grabbed the lube and put some on my finger, squatted down and started to finger my ass, which was already wet from his tongue fucking. I put a little more lube on my finger just to make sure. He was standing right in front of me, so I took that cock into my mouth for a few more seconds. 

He pulled away and ripped open the condom package and slipped that magnum onto his big dick. I put some more lube on my hand and stroked his covered cock and then went back to rub a little more on my ass. I told him to sit on the bed, so I could control the fucking at first. He opened his legs and I positioned my ass over his cock and slowly lowered down. He is big, real big! I rubbed the head of his cock on my hole and pushed out to open up my ass. The head of his cock slipped in. It hurt for a few seconds, but quickly went away. I slowly went up and down on his big cock, going a little lower each time. I didn't take long till I had his entire cock in my ass. I stayed down for a bit to get used to the size. I then reached down and rubbed his balls through my legs, which really made him moan. I started to go up and down on his cock, not too fast, but fast enough to really start enjoying the feeling of being so full.

He pulled out and stood up and pushed me back down on the bed so he could take me from behind. He opened up my ass and pushed his cock back in. My hole was warmed up, so he was able to easily enter me. He went balls deep right away and then started to really fuck me. In and out he fucks my ass with his big black cock. I reached down and stroked my cock at the same time. It hurt a little, but the pain quickly turned into pleasure. He just took control and fucked away at my ass. It felt amazing having this huge cock filling my ass.

His fucking got harder as did his breathing, so I knew he wasn't going to last much longer. I stopped stroking my cock, because I was close to cumming also. I pushed back with my ass to meet his thrusts. He was pounding me hard. He pushed in all the way and yelled out he was cumming. I felt his cock pulsating in my ass and he shot into the condom. He slowly pulled his cock out and pulled off the condom. I got down on my knees and took his cock back in my mouth to get any cum that was left. I sucked on his softening cock for a few seconds before standing up. I starting to jack my dick and quickly shot a big load.

We were both spent. He had a towel, so I cleaned off my ass and cock before getting dressed. No small talk. We went upstairs and said we would meet up again soon. I left and drove home. I was rock hard again as soon as I got home, so I stripped down, got in the shower and jerked off thinking of how I just took that big dick in my ass. It didn't take long for me to shoot another load.

Can't wait till we meet up again!