 I am an older bi-sexual man who likes to be fucked roughly. Problem is the typical guy who fucks me is a one and done deal. In my times I have fucked a few twinks. Typically it was give and get but most preferred to be fucked. This recently changed. One of my best friend's girlfriend was upset. Her son announced on his 18th birthday that he was gay! She was talking to me not knowing I am bi but she knew her son enjoyed it when I did work around her house as we would talk. I didn't tell her that I knew he was gay as he had told me a few months prior. She asked if I could talk to him for her. Of course I agreed.

That weekend her and my friend left on a vacation for a week. She had asked if I would stop by and check up on Troy. Now I always keep a bag of toys in my car. They range from a douche bulb to various dildoes, lubricants, gags, restraints, and of course poppers. I packed them in a tool case. When I got there Troy had just gotten up. I told him I had a small repair to make and he asked if he could talk to me. He confessed that he was very frustrated lately. He had a few gay friends and when they had sex they all liked to fuck him but none would let Troy fuck them! They would only suck his cock. I asked if they gave him a reason and he responded his cock was too large! 

He said as he talked to a few friends they advised trying with older guys but so far they too wanted to fuck him! I asked him how large was his cock. He said between 9 and 9 1/2 inches long and very thick. I laughed but he started to cry. I took him in my arms and held him and told him things will get better. At this point I wanted to see his cock but felt it wrong as he was confused and upset. 

I started to do the repair, some sheet rock replacement when I realized that I had forgotten my rock saw in my car. Troy offered to get and when he came back in he looked a little shaken. I asked what was wrong and he told me he opened the wrong tool box! At that point I realized that I had forgotten to lock my toy box! He asked if I was gay too and I replied that I was bi and enjoyed both worlds. I finished the job and Troy asked if we could talk more and I said sure.

He asked if I had ever had sex with a younger man. I told him the youngest was 22 but that was when I as a lot younger. He asked if I liked to be fucked or just fuck. I told him I loved to be fucked. He then asked if I could explain the toys I had with me? I said sure and he went and got the box. As he stood I could see a bulge in his gym shorts and it did look large. 

As we went through the toys I explained them to him, from the douche to the gag. He was really interested in them. He then asked if I was turned on by him. I replied I was but figured he wasn't interested in an old man. He laughed and said he wanted to fuck someone! He said the only guy who let him in his ass screamed and he had to pull right out! I played dumb and told him to show me why. He pulled down his gym shorts and I saw his cock. It was a good 9 inches or so and thick as a beer can. But the head of his cock was more like a tennis ball! He asked if he could fuck me! At that point he had become the seducer! I said yes but had to get ready. 

He watched as I took an enema, then a second. Then we took a shower together. I washed him good. Then we went into his bedroom. I grabbed a bottle of poppers and prayed my ass would handle his cock. I had him lay on the bed and started to lick and suck his cock and balls. I slowly worked my way down and started to rim him. As I did so I used some Vaseline and stroked his cock hard cock. A I worked back up his balls and started to suck his cock he grabbed my head and forced me down. I had most of his cock down my throat when he shot a massive load. I swallowed best I could and he finally let go of my head so I could finish the cleanup of his still hard cock! He said he always wanted to be in charge. I replied now was his chance!

He rolled over and told me to lick his ass! He told me I was an old faggot and he was going to bust open my ass! I worked my tongue on deep and rimmed him good. His cock had never lost its erection! He turned over and told me to suck his cock again. As I did so he started to face fuck me, continuing to call me a cocksucking faggot. He then told me to get on my knees as he was going to fuck me. He told me to put on my gag so he would hear me scream. I was thinking I created a monster! 

On my knees on the bed he stood and I had to stay low so he would line up with me. He started to finger my ass with the Vaseline and when he was trying to work in a fourth finger I took a hit on the poppers. His fingers went right in. He then tried to shove his cock in me but couldn't line it up. I handed him the poppers, took his cock in my hand and lined it up with my anal opening. He took a hit on the poppers (later telling me his first time) and shoved his meat in me. Thank God I had on the gag caused I was screaming! His cock hurt like nothing I every felt before. He was wild, fucking non stop! He had no technique just fucking faster and faster. I took the poppers and after a few hits his cock felt good! He was calling me a faggot and started to slap my ass. All of a sudden he came, forcing his cock balls deep in me! Then he pulled out and rolled onto the bed.

I felt as if my asshole would never close! I looked and his cock was still hard! I rolled over, removed the gag, and started to gently lick his cock. He looked at me and grabbed my head and started to facefuck me. I was waiting for his cock to soften but it did not! He started babbling how tight my ass was and how he loved it! I pulled away from his grasp and asked if he wanted round two? Please was all he said. I rolled on my back, pulled my legs back, and told him i was his!

He got between my legs and went for the Vaseline. I told him not needed as his cum was lube enough! This time he placed his head and shoved it in. Again like a jackrabbit but this time I got him to slow down. He then leaned forward and kissed me. Then, as he looked into my face he said this was the greatest. He continued to fuck me for at least 20 minutes when he came again. He then collapsed in my arms and started to cry. He asked if we could do this again and I said as long as his mom didn't know sure. He said he was 18 and could do as he pleased but I reminded him that it could hurt our friendship. He also asked if we could try some of my other toys and I told him of course.