 I had finally gotten home from work after what felt like the longest 12 hour shift ever. My feet ached and all I wanted to do was sit and wallow in a beer while watching reruns of 90's sitcoms. Then my phone rang. A picture of my ex girlfriend Gabriella popped up along with her name. After our breakup a few years back we had gone through a period of months where we had no contact but eventually found ourselves back into each other's lives as friends Well... mostly just friends... depending on how much alcohol was involved that night. I didn't really want to answer because at this time of night I knew she was going to ask me to go to a party but after a deep sigh I picked up anyway. "Hey."

"Hey, Danny." Her voice was almost too cheery but slightly distracted. I imagined she was probably doing the usually girly pre-going out prep work. "I got the downlow on a house party in Manhattan." (That's Manhattan, Kansas; not Manhattan, New York). 

"And you want me to go?" I replied while muting the TV.

There was a slight pause. "I need a ride, so IF you WANTED to go I'd be very appreciative and I'd bring you your favorite sixpack." She had that coy playfullness to her voice that made her hard to resist.

I sighed deep to let her know I wasn't happy about it. Not that I didn't love a party but I was exhausted. "Give me an hour to shower and get ready and I'll be at your place by 9."

"THANK YOU." she squealed on the other end of the phone repeatedly. "You are the best. See you then."

"Fuuuuck." I said to myself as I tossed my head back. Now I was committed. I figured I should go ahead and just do it rather than sulk on my decision. I jumped in the shower and dressed myself in something that would hopefully catch the eye of anyone who might be there to flirt with. I drove to Gabriella's house. She came running out, dressed up cute. She was just a bit overweight but in a curvaceous way that gave her heft in her hips and breasts, with blonde hair and blue eyes. People who didn't know her pictured her as Hispanic because of her name, but her mother was actually from Spain where blonde hair and blue eyes aren't uncommon at all. 

"I hope you're ready for a good night." She smiled and winked at me as we took off down the road. She talked for a bit and caught up while she texted her friend who was hosting the party. "Harper says he's excited to meet you."

"Oh really?" I said. "Been telling him all about me?"

"Well he's gay and was curious about you." She giggled a little. "There, I just sent him a picture."

"I hope it was a good one."

"He says you're sexy. Wants to know if you're bi. I told him maybe." She giggled devilishly at her phone.

I just smiled and shook my head. I'd been bi-curious since forever but had never been with a guy and had definitely never told anyone. But I had flamboyant tendencies - I like bubblebaths and candles, I like pink shirts, and I'm a hopeless romantic so I get teased a lot about being gay and I usually just roll with it because it never bothered me.

"I told him that you were in the army and he thinks that's hot." She said, still furiously typing on her phone. "Oh my god!" she clasped her hand over her mouth and giggled. "He said he'll unleash the monster on you."

"The monster?" I asked with a raised eyebrow, now navigating through Manhattan. 

"His dick."

"He thinks he has a big one?"

"He does." she said nonchalantly.

"You've slept with him?"

"I've slept in the same bed with him and had it pressed against my butt while he cuddled me, I've never had sex with him." Her face turned to a bit of concern. "I'm not sure I'd want to even if he did sleep with women, honestly. Ouch."

"Alright." I just nodded and smiled, wondering to myself just how big it actually was.

"If you sleep with him you'll have to let me know what it's like. Make sure to measure it for me." she nudged me with her elbow. 

"Oh, I'll send you detailed accounts and descriptions." I joked with her. We drove through the town and out the other side where we ended up at a house just on the edge of what I would call the country. He had a huge two story house surrounded by trees with a deck and a swimming pool. 

"It's his parents house but he uses it for parties while they're out of town." Gabby said as we walked up, seeing my eyes pop at the sight of it.

She led me inside through a sliding glass door on the deck to a room where a small group of about 10 people were already drinking and casually talking. She introduced me around, many of the people she didn't know either. When she got to introducing Harper he was different than I expected. I had envisioned tall and statuesque but instead he was short at maybe 5'2" with a wiry build, pale skin with freckles, long straight hair, and glasses gave him a very nerdy mousy kind of appearance. He had a voice to match, high and squeaky but not annoyingly so, just enough to make him seem effeminate and small. He did NOT look like the kind of guy I would have suspected to be packing.

The more we got to talking though, the more charming he was. He was cocky and arrogant, but in a charismatic and confident way so that it wasn't overbearing or offputting. He definitely had a way about the party. He liked to put himself in the spotlight and no one minded when he was at the center of things because he felt natural there. A while later, I chatted with one of the girls by the counter where the bar was set up when I heard one of the other girls hell "Holy Shit!" down the hallway. A few of us turned and saw her standing in front of a door and immediately close it. Her hands were clasped around her mouth, eyes bulging like she'd just seen a phantom. 

A few seconds later, Harper came out of the bathroom (where she'd been looking), "Hey, hun, that's why we have a sign on the door that says 'Lock broken, please knock.'" He said it jokingly, like he wasn't really mad at her. "If you wanted a look, you could have just asked." He walked outside to talk to one of his other friends. 

The girl, Hannah, came back to us. Gabby just smirked, "You saw the penis, huh?" 

"That's not a penis, that's an elephant trunk. Jesus, help the girl that he sleeps with."

"He's not into girls, if you didn't catch that." Gabby said.

"Heaven help any person or thing that he puts his penis in then."

We all laughed and went back to the party. A little while later we all ended up in the swimming pool, most of us in our underwear because we hadn't brought suits. Harper swam in a pair of red boxer briefs and while I couldn't see the penis itself, he had a bulge like there was an orange stuffed in there. He didn't make a big deal about it,but the girls occasionally made a casual comment to which he'd have a witty reply and drop it again. I couldn't help but stare. I found myself constantly looking his direction and I'm pretty sure he caught me every time. 

As we drank more and more and the night pressed on, it became apparent that Harper flirted with me more and more. There was a few other guys there that he knew were gay but he seemed to have his sights set on me. I didn't mind, I always like attention (who doesn't?). I flirted back like I usually do with guys. It wasn't out of character for me. It also became more apparent that Gabby flirted with me more and more too, which wasn't out of character for us either (when heavily intoxicated anyway).

We ended up back inside and most of the people were crashing or finding rides home at this point. Gabby chatted with Hannah in the kitchen when I saw Harper walking down the hallway backward, motioning for me with his finger until he disappeared into a bedroom. 

Fuck. I knew that this was one of those moments that would define the rest of my life. I'd never been with a guy before but damn was I curious and he was not a bad one to start with. He was fun, charismatic, cute, and had a (reportedly) big dick. Gabby was distracted and not looking my way so I mosied down the hallway towards Harper's room. Inside, he was turning on a lava lamp and some music. He hadn't put a shirt on since we got back in from swimming and wore nothing but a pair of sweatpants. He actually had a nice stomach with lightly defined abs. 

He put his arms around me and lightly tossed me onto the bed. He crawled over me, curled his hands around my back and pulled my shirt up. He began kissing me and running his hands up and down my chest. I was surprised how different it felt than kissing a girl. I was used to girls kissing soft and sweet; he didn't, he kissed hard and aggressive... But I liked it. The way he pawed at me and kissed me made me feel submissive, like he was about to dominate me... and I loved it, more than I thought I would. We carried on for a few minutes before he pulled my pants down and kissed me up and down my stomach and legs.

He wrapped his mouth around my dick and began sucking on it, sliding his mouth up and down. He continued for a few minutes of what felt amazing but he stopped before I got off, I think on purpose. He then got on his knees and pulled his pants down. Once again I could see the bulge in his boxer briefs but now it pushed down his leg rather than being bunched up. His hands slid his boxer-briefs down, revealing the base of the shaft, thick like a redbull can. He pulled them down further and further, revealing more of the shaft. It seemed like it would never end. He did it slow, like a tease. I think he got off on seeing people's reactions as he revealed it and he was definitely getting it. I couldn't blink, couldn't look away. I just stared with my jaw hanging open.

Finally, the head popped out. The dick didn't stick straight out like most people's do. The sheer weight of it held it down at at angle, but it still jutted out like an iron rod. I didn't have a measuring tape... but I would have guessed somewhere between 10 and 11 inches. I was so mesmerized by it towering over me I hadn't even realized he moved closer.

In a few seconds, the giant penis found its way directly in front of my face and moved towards my mouth. Instinctively I opened wide for it. I'd never had a dick in my mouth. The taste of salt and metal caught me off guard but wasn't too bad. My second thought was how fucking huge it felt in my mouth. As my jaw was propped open as wide as possible I could barely get more than the head in. It became quickly apparent that I wouldn't be able to give him a regular blowjob but I relished it anyway and sucked on the head like an oversized lollipop as my hands worked around and up and down the shaft. 

It only lasted a few minutes and I'm sure he was used to it and he seemed to enjoy it anyway. He pulled it out and shoved me onto my back. He reached to his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube and squirted it up and down the long shaft, then slowly worked it around with his hand as his face twisted into a smile that was both devious and ravenous. "Open up." He said as he wiped his hand on his sheet and moved forward to put the head of his dick right at my opening. I don't know if it was my perspective or my fear, but seeing it pressed against me like that it suddenly looked so much bigger than it had before. I felt a lump in my throat as he leaned forward. "Relax. Bear down on your anus. It'll open." I did as he said while he leaned forward and... Pop. Burn... ouch... pain... pleasure... I became a spiral of emotions and sensations as the giant log split me in two.

I covered my mouth with my hand as I let out a muffled scream. "Fuck. Holy Fuck. Oh my God!" I grunted through strained teeth to keep from yelling loud enough for the house to hear.

I would have sworn he had shoved the entire thing in me but when I looked, it was apparent that only the head had entered. The thick veiny shaft still hung between us like a piston ready to pound me away. His hands were on my ankles, holding them up and back. His hips slowly pushed forward. He went slow. Obviously he'd done this before. He pushed an inch in, then slowly backed out half an inch, then pushed another inch in, and back out again. Slowly he worked the giant sausage into my hole. I just let him do his thing. I grunted through a mixture of pain and pleasure, taking in the new sensation. I loved the feeling of each movement, and of just having something buried inside of me. 

It took several minutes but eventually he bottomed out. At that point it dawned on me that I had upwards of 10 inches of massive cock impaling my body. He pulled out several inches and then pushed them back in. With every thrust he moved in and out more and his speed gently increased. Within a few minutes he had good rhythm going, not quite pounding me like a sailor on leave, but a good in, out, in, out; five or more inches at a time. I involuntarily arched my back and moaned, my hands clawing into the bed sheets as he fucked me more and more until I felt something even newer... He shoved all 11 inches inside my again and I felt a warmth as he shuddered and shot his load inside of me. 

A few moments passed before he pulled out, grabbed a towel from his dresser, and wiped us both down. He crawled into the bed behind me, the massive log, now soft but still huge, pressed against me. He didn't say anything, just lay there and fell asleep. I just smiled in exhaustion and pleasure, relishing the thought of next time, excited to tell Gabriella all about my encounter with the monster cock.