 I'm in my 30's business man traveling in southern Michigan and northern Indiana. I finished for the day near Kalamazoo and am driving through Three Rivers, it's cold, with a steady rain and dark. I then see a young guy hitch hiking carrying a backpack. I normally don't pick up hitch hikers, but it's miserable, so I stop.

 Tom's his name, he's 22 from northern Indiana, headed home. He smells like rain, and he's shivering cold. I get out some dry clothes and tell him to change, he takes off his shirt. He is very in shape, rippled body, chest hair, with a strip running from below his breasts, down into his pants. He slides off his pants, he's not wearing underwear that I can tell, but it's to dark to see. He slides on the dry clothes and then leans back to rest.

 After 20 minutes or so, he's asleep, laying across the middle seat with his head almost touching my shoulder. Through the next 1/2 hour he slides down finally with his head in my lap. I don't move him as he's out. 

 I get on the turnpike and start heading west, all of a sudden I feel his hand on my leg, but I don't move. Then his hands feels his way up to my crotch which begins to make my cock grow. Tom is now massaging my cock which is getting harder, but nothing is said. Not knowing what to do, but wanting to continue what is going on, I pull into the dark rest area and park near the end.

 Nothing being said, he raises his head, brings his other hand into play and unbuckles my belt, then pulls my pants down to my ankles. My raging 7 1/2" cut dick is throbbing now. He pulls down my underwear, then goes right down on my cock, balls deep, stops and is sucking without coming up, oh what a feeling, never felt that before. Then he puts his middle finger on my asshole, rubbing it on the outside, then he slides in in, first just a little then all the way. Never loses a beat while sucking my cock, the finger hurts but feels good too. He has some kind of lube on his finger, but I never saw him with any. Then he's got another finger in my ass, then a third, it hurts so much, but feels so frickin good! Now he's moving his fingers fucking my ass all the way deep. His fingers must be 6" long!

 He stops everything and rolls over, takes off his pants and shorts, then leans back over, slides his arms under my butt and legs. Picks me up, moving me over him and lays me down on his chest and dick. Now I feel his dick, it's big and hard, at least 8" and thick. He pulls my legs apart which I gladly spread, although I've never been fucked, I somehow trust him. 

 Again he has some lube from who knows where, slides it up into my ass and fills my ass with it, then puts it on his dick. He puts the uncut head on my ass and slowly pushes. It hurts but I still want it, all of it. He tells me to push like I was trying to crap, I do and the head pops right in, like it was meant to, he pushes more and it's all sliding in. He's so big damn, hurts like hell, but also feels good too, I want more, I want all 8" if I can. While he's pushing he's also gently jacking me off, but in a different way. He's very lightly jacking me off, barely touching my dick, like nothing I felt before, but it was great. I wanted him to grab it, but he just lightly moving his hand up and down, but barely touching it, so hot.

 His big uncut cock is in me now all the way and he's just leaving it there to get my ass used to it I guess. Then he starts moving it slowly out to the head and then back in, OMG what a feeling good and bad, but the good out weighs the bad. Now he's picking up speed both with his cock and his hand. Nothing is said, although I may be moaning a bit from the feeling which is exciting him more. This went on for a good 20 minutes. I told him I was going to cum and it was going to be a great cum, the best I ever had, then he said he would cum at the same time. OMG he started cumming in me before I did, but the feeling, the warm wet feeling was great. He kept cumming and then I came for what seemed like 30 seconds, it was the greatest. We collapsed with his dick still in me, cum all over myself, my cock and belly. 

 So Tom slides me back over to the drivers side, I'm on my back, he leans over and licks all my cum off of my belly and cock. Then he pulls my legs up and rims my ass, sucking his cum from my ass. Oh I'd never been rimmed before or had cum in my ass, let alone him sucking it out, the best of the best feelings.

Tom said that he wanted me to taste his cum, he still had a hard on, he told me to suck his cock till he came again. 

 He turned slightly around in the seat and I got a great look at the 8" uncut cock. I started to lick the head and slowly go down on him, but he took control and shoved my mouth and head all the way down. I was gagging as it was huge, could hardly get my mouth around it, let alone go 8" down. I was smelling his manly smells from his thick bush of hair my nose was buried in. He finally let me up, not off but up a little off his cock so I could breath, then told me to suck it good. He told me to use my right hand to jack him off while he was sucking the head, he was so hard and hot. 

 Seemed like I sucked him 1/2 hour as my mouth had cramps, but I could tell he was getting ready to cum his cock was getting fuller if that was possible, his breathing was getting faster and then it came, all of it, gushers in my mouth. A huge full squirt coated my throat, didn't even taste the first load, but he pulled back for the second and I got the full taste of it, salty and sweet, slippery, lumpy, slimy and yummy, squirt after squirt, must have been a dozen at least. Tom, he's almost crying out loudly saying oh my cum, my cum, take it all and I was. I kept going down burying my nose in his bush, staying there and sucking, getting every last drop. Never thought I could get 8" of cock in my throat balls deep, but I can and loved it. I continued on the trip dropping him in South Bend. We swapped numbers and got together many years later, but that's another story.