 I had a second time to hook up with a hitchhiker I had picked up on a rainy cold night in Three Rivers, Michigan and dropped off in South Bend, Indiana. Tom gave me his phone number and told me the next time I got into the area to call him. 

A couple of months after our first encounter I decided to take him up on his offer. I had to stay in SB overnight on a Friday. So I called Tom, and he invited me over for a BBQ with his roommates on Saturday as it was pretty late on Friday night. 

On Saturday I went to his house, where I was met by his roommates, Tom, yes same name and Amy, all college students sharing a nice house in Southbend, In. It was early, like 10:00AM, and the beer was flowing, so I indulged with everyone else. Tom his roommate, was in his early 20's, dark brown hair and a muscular build, obviously worked out a lot. Amy was a red head, very pretty, nice tits, wearing hot pants and a great smile. We all got along drinking and snacking. I was really getting drunk and of course horny looking at these two hunks, one I had already had an encounter with and wanting another. Well one thing led to another and we all ended up in the hot tub, all of us guys in our shorts, Amy in a bikini. Then they broke out some weed, but I don't smoke weed, still was feeling the effects of the smoke around me.

All of a sudden I feel a hand go up by shorts and grab a hold of my balls. I looked over and it was Amy. She said Tom told me you were a hell of a fuck and I want to feel it for myself, but first I want you to eat me out. So she stands up and straddles my face on my headrest and she has no pants on now. Nice close shaved red pussy hair, sweet smelling and my tongue immediately went to work eating that pussy. She loved every minute of it, told me that I was going to make her cum, after about 15 minutes of me eating her out, I noticed the guys were gone. She stood up and laid down on the deck, told me to fuck her, I gladly obeyed, I mounted her missionary style with my 7.5" of cut cock and started slowly, she said "no, I want fucked", so I started slamming her like no tomorrow. She loved it, was moaning and humping along with me, it only took her like five minutes and she came hard, got extremely wet inside her, she may have been squirting, but she was getting very wet, which made me want to cum. I told her, your going to make me cum and she said, only in my mouth, promptly rolled me over and went down on me. As soon as her warm mouth hit my cock, I came in gushes, so much that cum was coming out the sides of her mouth. She was trying to keep it in and eventually licked up every drop. Then she says, let's go find the guys. 

So in the house we go, slightly dressed and we find the Tom's on the couch, Tom one, riding the cock of Tom two!. Tom two tells me to come over to him, then grabs my waist, and proceeds to bury his mouth on my crotch. Then he takes my pants off and gets my somewhat limp dick hard sucking on it, he grabs my balls and is kneading them, has his middle finger on my ass, eventually sticking in in my ass, then a second finger, then a third. It hurt but felt so hot too! He got me so hard, Amy just sitting across from the three of us watching. Tom I still going to town, fucking Tom II, while he sucks my cock. Up to this point I had never seen his cock, but I looked down and there it was, a good 8" thick uncut cock, with huge balls, low hangers and he was hard as a rock. He pulls his mouth of my cock and said I'm going to fuck you real good, spins me around and starts to slide me down onto his cock. He stops, lubes us both up and returns to sliding me down. It was as if I'd fucked that size before, I couldn't believe how easily I was having his cock fit inside me. He just slid in so easily, and all the way down on him I went. 

I swear he was in my stomach with his cock, of course the other Tom is still fucking him too, so now there's three of us all getting fucked. Amy now comes over to me, gets on her knees and starts sucking my cock again, I can't stand it, getting fucked and sucked at the same time, it felt so damn good, never felt anything like this before, couldn't wait to cum, but I knew that it would be awhile as I had already cum only a few minutes before. So I got a great long running blow job while being fucked by a great looking hunk with 8" in me. Then it happened Tom I said he was cumming which made Tom II want to cum too and they both did. A wild screaming humping cum fest! I had cum running out of my ass as I'm sure Tom did too! Amy still is sucking my dick, balls deep and then I came right in her mouth, again with it running out the sides, but her licking everything up. IT was a great weekend, with the boys fucking and sucking me and me with them. Then having Amy on the side eating her pussy and her fucking and sucking me.