 I was just chilling around the house and decided to head out to the local swimming hole my canoe. I got my supplies, made some snacks, got some drinks and loaded up the truck. I got there, and I got the wheels on the canoe, placed the sandwiches and mini cooler in and secured them in and walked in to the swimming hole.

I got the canoe in the water. I explored the little creeks coming off the main pool of water all the way to the river and headed back to where I put in. I got out on the bank pulling the canoe on the bank. A guy came up behind me saying he'd always wanted to try canoeing. I turned and told him it was really fun and relaxing for me.

He stepped up offering his hand saying, "My name is Chadwick, my friends call me Chad, I haven't seen you here before."

I replied, "My name is Clayton. If you'd like to ride along with me you are more than welcome."

Chad jumped at the opportunity. Chad in the front and me in back. As Chad sat down his shorts pulled down exposing the crack of his ass. I could hardly concentrate on our conversation with the view in front of me. He was waiting on an answer one time and turned to look me and caught me looking. He just smiled, we canoed about 45 minutes and headed back.

We when we got out of the canoe I said, "I know it kinda spur of the moment, I brought some snacks but now I kinda feel like I got a feeling for something a little more filling. Do you want to join me for lunch?"

Chad said, "Absolutely, I got the perfect place. Let me text you the address."

I loaded the canoe and headed for the restaurant. Chads car was in another spot, we got to the restaurant almost at the same time. The hostess seated us on the patio in a shady spot, nice and away from the other customers. We ate and talked, finding out about each other. Chad had a lot of questions about me and being a highway patrol. He said he was a newly admitted lawyer.

As we left the restaurant I could tell Chad was nervous about something. I opened my window as Chad stepped up. He said nervously, "I have really had a great time today. I am so glad to have met you. I was wondering if we could get together again?"

I pulled his head in the window and kissed him saying, "Of course we can, I'd love it. I'll text you."

As soon as Chad walked off I texted and said, "How bout supper tonight, is it too soon?"

He said, "Oh no, I did have plans but I'm sure I can clear my schedule for you, tonight is excellent."

I replied, "Since we just ate we can do a late supper, say 8 pm. I'll pick you up, text me your address. I can't wait."

I pulled up in front of Chad's house and went to the door. He took my breath away when he opened the door. He had nice snug dressy jeans and a body-hugging dress shirt with a tank top type of t-shirt under it, with dress shoes. The only difference between mine and his attire was boots and no t-shirt. I escorted him to the truck and checked out that perfect little ass as he climbed in.

When I got in place I looked at him and told him he was really looking hot. I took his chin in my hand, pulling him to me and kissed him deep. He gasped and said that was the hottest kiss he'd ever had. We decided on a restaurant and called ahead. We ate and talked, getting to know each other. When we finished eating I asked Chad if he'd ever seen the view from the overlook. He shook his head no, so I said you will tonight.

We drove up to the overlook and pulled to the edge. I killed the motor, let the radio run and turned down the instrument lights. Chad slid over bedside me and I lay my arm over his shoulder. He was saying how beautiful it was. I pushed my seat back and let him move to my lap to sit fitting in just right. I dropped my hand to his nipple and started working on them one at a time as Chad kissed and sucked on my tongue

I held his lips on mine by holding the back of his head with my other hand. Chad lay back saying, "I am so glad I was there today when you came to the swimming hole. You are what I need right now."

I said, "Are you sure of that? You don't really know me."

He said, "I am positive Clayton! I am a good judge of people, perk of the job I guess."

I said, "Do you want to come back to my house Chad?"

"I can't Clayton, I have a very important meeting in the morning. I should be done by 1 pm tomorrow though. I really should be getting home."

He slid out of my lap and sat beside me. I re-positioned my seat and cranked up. I headed for his place and stopped in front. He turned to me, leaned in and kissed me deep. He pulled back saying he really had a great time and he'd text me tomorrow after 1. My bad, Chad said, "I just assumed you'd be free tomorrow."

I just smiled at Chad and said, "You know what happens when you assume."

Chad texted me exactly at 1 pm saying, "I'll drive, you be ready to get dirty, bring a change of clothes and reply with your address. I got my new toy from the shop."

I replied quickly and gathered a change of clothes. He drove up in a topless Jeep built for the mud. It had vinyl seats, rhino lined floors for ease of clean up and was lifted. I tossed my bag in the back, Chad held out his hand and helped me in. As we drove out of the city the traffic got less and less. We turned off the road and Chad got out, unlocked and opened the gate.

He hollered at me to pull the Jeep thru and locked it behind us. I slid back over, and Chad leaned in and kissed me deep, sucking my tongue, and washing the inside of my mouth with his tongue. He looked at me and said, "Buckle up and hold on tight. This place belongs to another lawyer at the firm. We got the whole place. Nobody ever comes out here."

He took off across the field wide open going the creek and covering us with water. Chad was laughing and loving every minute. We went from one stream to another in and out, over and over. He stopped and asked me if I wanted to drive, I nodded my head. He moved over to the passenger seat facing me sitting in my lap.

He leaned forward placing the tip of his tongue on my forehead and licked around to one ear and then the other. Chad placed his feet behind my seat, he looked up pulling my mouth to his neck. Chad put his feet on the floor and pulled up on the roll bar. I slid out from beneath him and took my place in the driver's seat. 

I took off across the field as Chad gave me directions, eventually to a pond. Chad told me to pull over, so we could go for a swim. We got out and ran to the water diving in. when we came up Chad was stripping out of his clothes, so I followed suit. When we were naked Chad came over to me, placing his arms around my neck and legs around my back.

I used the cheeks of his tight ass to hold him up, fondling and squeezing them, as he sucked my neck and ears. I turned toward the bank and started walking us out. I reached the edge and knelt, laying Chad on his back kissing him and working down to his nipples. Chad pulled me down and rolled us over on the grassy bank.

He slid down my chest, licking and sucking, down to my navel and on down to my cock. He took it in his hand lowered his mouth to the head, licking and sucking. He looked up at me saying this was what he'd wanted to do since he met me. Chad took my cock deeper and deeper till I felt it bumping at the back of his mouth.

He raised up off my big black cock and told me he would get it all the way down. He went down again gagging and pulling up. He went down again, and I told him to reposition his head, open really wide and swallow. I felt my cockhead bump into the back of his mouth, I gently held him down telling him again to adjust his alignment, he did and moaned when my cockhead went into his throat opening.

Chad slid off a little, took a breath and went back down a little further with no gagging. He did the same again and went all the way to the base of my cock, then pulled off quickly. He looked at me and said, "I can't believe I took the whole 9.5 inches." 

He took a deep breath and went down again, not stopping, to the root of my cock and stayed down. Chad was working his throat on my fat cock. I stroked his head telling how good he was doing, and he growled deeply. He was pulling off my cock, taking a breath and going back down, working the area between my balls and my asshole.

I patted Chad's head telling him I didn't wanna come in his mouth yet, I wanted to fill his ass with my cum first. he asked if I wanted a beer, I told him absolutely, so he went and got us one. He handed me the beers and lay down beside me. I pulled him close and started working on his tight hole. I first inserted 1 finger, exploring his ass, loosening his hole. 

Next, I inserted 2 fingers and worked that hole more open and finally inserted 3 fingers spreading them as he worked his asshole on my fingers. He said he had lube in the bag as he got up to get it. He came back placing a healthy glob on my fingers as I went back to his ass, lubing it up good. I looked at Chad and told him to lube my big black cock and get it ready for his sweet hole.

I pulled Chad to me and rolled him over on his back. I placed my arms behind his knees and told him to take my fat black cock and place it against his puckered hole. I felt it and started to push in, Chad was grimacing saying it was too big. I said, "You will take it fine, we just got to go slow."

I pulled back out and pushed in a little. Chad frowned a tiny bit saying it was not as bad. I pulled out again and started back in, going deeper. Chad groaned, "Oh fuck Clayton, that felt good."

I said, "That's only half, just wait till you get my whole big black cock."

I pulled out again and started back in till I had 7 inches in. He groaned loudly again, I pulled out once more and went back in getting to about 7 inches and jamming the rest in. Chad yelled as I ground into his ass going balls deep. As I stayed with my fat black cock buried in his ass I looked down at him saying, "Your sweet ass is so tight. I love it!"

"Oh shit, your cock feels so good in my ass. fuck me Clayton!"

I started pulling out slowly till just my cock head was in and went back in using short strokes going deeper each time, listening to Chad moan, until I went balls deep again. I could feel my cock hitting Chad's prostate ad seeing him react again and again. I started fucking Chad's ass, long stroking, then short as Chad got more and more vocal.

I told Chad, I am getting ready to cum, I am going to fill that sweet ass. He slapped my ass and laughed. I groaned as I started to shoot my cum in Chad's ass. I lay down on Chad and held him down as I shot again and again filling his ass with my cum. We lay there as my cock started to soften with Chad kissing and sucking on my neck and ears. 

I rolled off Chad onto my side and lay beside him just looking, seeing the ecstasy on his face. I leaned over and kissed his cheek and neck as he told me, "I never thought sex could be that great. I love getting fucked by your fat black cock."

I got our beers and we finished them off and I got up and grabbed his hand and we entered the water, rinsing the cum and sweat off our bodies. Chad came up in front of me, placing his arms around my neck and legs around my waist. I placed my hands around Chad and held him tight. We went back to the grassy bank and lay back talking, eventually nodding off.

When I woke the sun was starting to get low, Chad was between my legs with my balls in his mouth. He let my balls fall from his mouth, looked up and said, "I wondered when you'd wake up. I want to deep throat that awesome black cock of yours now!"

He took just the head in his mouth sucking and using his tongue and licking all around it. I said, "Get the bag, I want something to prop up on, so I can watch you suck my cock."

Chad was off like a shot and back. He tossed me the bag and returned to his place between my legs. Chad licked my cock, taking my cockhead in his mouth and starting down. I felt my cockhead hit the back of his mouth, Chad adjusted his position and went further down. He pulled up and started down again, this time into his throat.

I lay on hand on the back of his neck and I said, "You are doing great Chad, keep it up. You are really getting into it. I know you can do it on your own."

Chad pulled off, looked at me and said, "Clayton, this time I'll do it."

He went back to my cock, taking the head, lining up his throat and going down all the way, taking my entire black cock. He stayed down, groaning on my cock. I was rubbing the back his neck and head saying, "I knew you could do it on your own. Your throat feels so good on my fat cock."

Chad pulled up changing his head position slightly and went back down swallowing my cock as he sucked. Chad started bobbing on my cock, a little sometimes and a lot the other times. He was working for my cum and getting damn good at the deep throating. He was all the way down and tightening his lips around the base of my cock.

I tapped on his head and said as he looked up, "I can feel my cum building, keep going like you are and I am going to shoot my load deep in your throat. You are doing a fantastic job."

Chad started going fast and slow, hesitating when he was at my root, moaning and groaning. I lay my hand on his head as he deep throated my cock time after time. I told Chad, "Here comes my cum, take it all Chad, take it all!"

I still had my hand on head encouraging him to take all and stay down on my cock as I started shooting my cum into his throat. Chad took it all and let my cum slide down his throat into his belly. When I was done and started to soften Chad cleaned my cock off as he pulled off of it, licking and sucking as he came off.

Chad crawled up next to me and I told him to get a beer for us to share. He did and was back quickly. He opened it, took a swig and handed it to me. Chad lay down beside me and resting his head on my arm said, "I have had the best time of my life today. I have had experiences today that I never thought I would. Thank you Clayton!"

We finished our beer and went back in the water splashing and rinsing off. After getting dressed we headed out with me driving. Chad said he was hungry. I asked him if he wanted to get something on the way to my house. After we locked the gate we sat there a minute looking at the choices on Chad's phone. We chose Chinese, Chad called and made the order.

Chad looked at me as we drove saying, "You know I was a little nervous the day I saw you at the swimming hole. I am glad I decided to talk to you. You look very intimidating. I am glad we started talking though."

While Chad was talking to me, his phone was giving directions. We arrived there shortly, Chad hopped out to get our order. He came out quickly and we headed for my house. We took the food in my house and spread it out on the table and devoured it completely. Chad said he needed a shower, I told him I could use one too. I stood, taking Chad's hand, leading him to the bathroom.

We stripped down and entered after setting the water temp. We got rags and a bottle of body wash, we bathed each other not missing a spot. Chad did a fantastic job on me, making to get my ass, balls and cock. He washed me completely several times over as washed him too. We rinsed off and dried each other.

I pulled Chad to me asking, "If you want to stay awhile you take my truck and I'll clean the Jeep up tomorrow. I really want to pay you back for supper."

As Chad leaned in he said, "That sounds good to me."

I took Chad's hand and lead him to the bedroom. I sat on the edge of the bed pulling him to me kissing and sucking his chest and nipples. Chad came forward more and sat on my legs. I raised his arms up placing his hands on his head. I moved my head over to his armpit, licking and sucking as Chad moaned. I moved my hands back to the cheeks of his ass, massaging and working the cheeks of his ass.

I moved my mouth to his other armpit, nibbling and sucking, hearing Chad's breathing change. I said to Chad, "The last couple days have really been eye opening, haven't they?"

He replied, "It had been a new experience Clayton, a fantastic new experience."

I stood holding on to Chad's ass, turned around, crawling in the bed on my knees and laying Chad down on my pillows. I leaned over to the bedside table for the lube, showing it to Chad and saying, "I think we still need a bit of this. Put on what you think you need."

Chad took the bottle, squirted a little in his hand, and dropping his hand to my black cock rubbed the lube on. I took the bottle from Chad and placed a little on my fingers, working a couple into his sweet ass ring. I looked at Chad saying, "Let me lay back, I want to see you enjoy my fat black cock again your way."

We changed positions, me laying on my back and he started by working just the tip of my cock, licking the slit and sucking lightly, getting me hard. As he worked my cockhead he reached up and worked on my nipples. after getting my cock hard he crawled up and sat his ass over my cock. Chad reached under himself and took my cock in his hand guiding it to his sweet hole.

Chad held my cock in place while he lowered his ass, he moaned as my cockhead spread his ring. He got just the head in and released his grip. He started pushing it in his ass, moaning as he went, deeper and deeper, until my fat black cock was all the way in. I got a handful of hair in each hand, looking at and saying, "Oh fuck, your ass feels so good, it is tight and soft at the same time."

I reached around to his cheeks placing my fingertips in his ass crack, running them up and down as Chad raised and lowered his ass on my cock. Chad fucked his ass with my big black cock while I lay back and encouraged him telling how good his tight ass felt surrounding my fat cock. Chad was riding my cock like a man demented, groaning, moaning and whimpering. I told him I was going to shoot him off my cock when I cum and he better hold on tight.

I grabbed his yelling at him I was cumming, he stayed down on my cock and worked his muscles hard as he could while I filled his ass with my cum. When I was done I pulled him to me and hugged him tight, whispering in his ear how great he was. He lay with me as my cock softened pulling from his ass. Chad said he needed a shower and headed for the bathroom. I followed as he got the water ready.

We entered and washed ourselves, then each other as Chad expelled as much of my cum as he could. After bathing we got dressed and sat to have a drink. I told Chad he could take my truck and I'd bring his Jeep to him after I cleaned it up. He told me he should be free for lunch and he'd text me. He texted me when he got home telling me what a good time he'd had.

I texted Chad and arranged to meet at a café close to his job. I was there waiting when he got there. He slid in and we ordered. As we were talking I told him I liked his dress pants, shoes, tie and dress shirt. I have a friend that is a tailor, he works pretty cheap, and he'll do him a fantastic job. I also told him he could make off the rack look like a designer suit. I forwarded his information to Chad. 

Chad and I walked to the parking garage to get his Jeep, I drove to the top deck and pulled Chad to me, kissing him deep, letting him suck my tongue. He sucked my tongue hard. He looked at me and said he had to get back. We went to where my truck was parked, I pulled in next to my truck and we got out. He walked around to the driver's side with me, he stepped up and kissed me again.

I palmed his ass as he was kissing me. Chad said, "You are the best lover I have ever had and have the cock to please. Call me sometime."

I said, "Don't forget, call my tailor, DeShawn, you'll love him. Tell him I sent you."

Chad left for his office as I drove away.