 This story contains themes of race that may be offensive to you. If it does, please stop reading and find other awesome stories on Literotica.com. 

*

As he tended to my wound, I couldn't help notice how warm his hands here. I tried to keep still, but with him so close to me like that I couldn't help but be a little uncomfortable. I wished he'd hurry, but the more he touched me, the more I wanted him to continue. His touch felt so nice, so delicate that it gave me goose bumps, and sure enough, my nipples got hard...

"Why don't you have a girlfriend? You always had girlfriends in high school. Don't girls like big dudes like you?" he asked, re-wrapping the wound and finally taping it up.

"Nah man, not that again. Like I said, I just have too much work and school. I just wanna focus on that right now."

"Dude, its Friday night, every undergrad in the world is out drinking and trying to score. You should go out there man. If I didn't have to work tomorrow I'd go with you."

"I have to work tomorrow too." 

As he pulled his hands away from chest, he accidentally brushed up against my nipple. It made me jump a little, and I hoped he didn't notice.

But he moved back closer to me and knelt down. This was a little too close. I could smell his scent even stronger now. He raised his arms and placed his hands on each muscle and squeezed. The sudden whiff of his pungent armpits and the feeling of his hands on my chest gave me a jolt that I could only jump up in a knee-jerk reaction. I gasped. I was pretty sure my cock jumped a little bit too. I was just glad I wore tight bikini briefs as usual.

"What the hell!"

Matt laughed. "Sorry, sorry. Sit back down!"

"What are you doing!"

"I hope you don't take this the wrong way, and I know this sounds weird, but your chest is awesome. I wanna feel 'em while you flex."

I was growing more and more uncomfortable. "Little twerp, you could've asked first. You're just screwing with me. You held my pecs like you were cupping tits!"

He laughed even more. "Sorry. Just relax, I'm not screwing with you I promise. Now I need you to flex. I'm curious that's all. All I ever get to observe are cadavers in school -- no live muscles there."

Reluctantly, I sat back down. "Fine, make it quick, homo." I wasn't sure if he was making all this up or if he's up to something else, but I did it anyway. I flexed my chest.

Matt stopped laughing. I took a deep breath to calm myself down. He placed his hands on my chest again and squeezed. 

"Wow," he murmured to himself.

"Wow what?"

"Nothing. They're just so hard, so big!" He kept his hands on my chest. "Now, release the muscles. No more flexing." I did as he said. This time he didn't squeeze, just a light cupping.

"Don't cup 'em! I'm not one of your hos!"

"Hey now...Brianna liked me doin' that. Take your shirt off completely"

"What? No! Take off yours" I protested.

He stood up and took off his shirt. "There! Happy?" I looked up. I don't think I ever seen anyone with a hairier chest - thick and dark curls swirled against his pale skin. He smelled very musky and sweaty...just a hint of his deodorant left. He smelled like a man. How did he go from a little geeky teen to this? Even his body was bigger than I thought it would be. I guess he wears shirts that are too big. I hadn't really noticed. 

At eye level, the band of his underwear rode up above his shorts; his hair disappeared inside. I couldn't help but look at his bulge. 

"Come on! Just take 'em off," he insisted, bent down and grabbed my shirt from the sides and pulled it off. Damn his scent was really getting to me. 

"Dude I haven't showered," I said.

"So? You think I have? Besides, you never smell...not like me anyway. Even when you're just getting home from work, I never notice. You might be a little sweaty, but I don't smell anything."

"I don't stink?" I took my tank top off. As I raised my arms, he saw my pits. 

"Wow...were like total opposites. You don't even have hair there. All smooth." He licked his lips for a brief moment.

I wanted to say something to defend myself, but couldn't think of anything. This was all a little too much. He threw my shirt across the room. "You're chest is all smooth. You're smooth everywhere." He ran his hands all over. In a way, they felt nice -- I liked all the attention he was giving me, but deep inside I felt this was wrong, like I was being molested. 

Although he avoided touching them, my nipples were very hard. What's more was that my dick got hard too. I was so horny, and wished I could just walk away; this was embarrassing. But if I did walk away he would see that I had gotten a boner. I arched my back and hunched over to hide my crotch a little more. I felt weak, like I had a fever. Fuck I was so horny.

"Alright man...can you hand me my shirt?" I asked, signaling for all this to stop, but Matt didn't appear to be listening. He continued feeling up my chest. It felt so good I was torn between telling him to stop and letting him continue. In any case, I was in a tough place. I had to let him continue until he left me alone to get my shirt.

"You're skin is so soft," he said in a whisper.

"Dude, hand me my shirt now," I said, but I was out of breath, gasping for air. Damn, what is this little guy doing to me? I've been real horny before but never to the point that I can barely talk. His hands, at first quickly squeezing and feeling the contours of my chest like a doctor would, had slowed down, taking their sweet time in each area. 

Finally, his palms withdrew and I could only feel his fingers. I thought he was about to stop when suddenly I felt his fingers clamp down at the base of my nipples and caressed each nub with a pointer finger. I gasped, and my whole body shook, every muscle flexed and tightened. That made me almost cum. 

I couldn't stay in that position anymore and found no other choice but to jump out of the couch real fast so Matt wouldn't see my boner tenting up my shorts. But when I got up, I accidentally knocked him over, and tripped on his legs. I fell flat on my back. Too late. Not only was I tenting, there was a wet spot right on it, and when I looked over to Matt, he was staring right at it. 

"Whoa," he muttered. If my skin weren't so brown, he would have seen my cheeks go red. I tried to get up even though my back was in some pain, but he put a hand on my chest to keep me down. "No, no, no." he whispered. "Stay."

His other hand wandered down from my chest, to my stomach, then below the waistband of my shorts, and finally put a finger to the little tent. I was alarmed and grabbed his wrist. "What are you doing?"

"Shh. just calm down." He rubbed one of my nipples softly while holding me down with his other hand. I gasped. I could have just pushed him off, but somehow I didn't. 

"Stop, Matt," I pled, but somehow whatever I said or did I did weakly. Did I want Matt to continue doing whatever he was doing? What's gonna happen if I let him? Is he going to screw with me? I thought maybe he wanted to humiliate me, get back at me for how his brother and I treated him when we were young, but this seemed unlikely. A lot of time had passed since then, and he seemed like a pretty well put together kind of guy. Whatever the situation, I didn't really want this to be happening!

"Just lay still," he said. "Trust me." I didn't know if I could. He pulled down the waistband of my shorts while I tried desperately to hang on to them. "Wow, you wear this kind?" he asked, referring to my bikini briefs. "I wouldn't be able to wear these. But these are perfect for you." I didn't say anything. Bikini briefs make me feel comfortable; I've always worn them since I was a kid. But why are we even talking about this? 

He fondled my dickhead, again with just a finger. "You're so hard. You like me feeling you, huh?" I continued to not say anything. Slowly, he grabbed my brief's elastic band and pulled down.

"No, no, no!" I whispered; I was desperate but he kept going, pulling the band up over my hard dick. 

"It's...small," I said, as if to warn him, to spare myself the added humiliation of him discovering my secret, but I don't think it even mattered. "Damn!" he exclaimed under his breath.

"What?!" 

"Nothing...I mean, wow. I never thought that it would be this small. Even your balls are small...and you're such a big guy!" With him saying that, there was nothing more for me to try and resist. What I feared the most had come and I was fucking humiliated. He pulled my briefs and my shorts all the way down. I don't remember feeling as naked as I did, I could feel the air caress my whole body. I felt my balls tighten up even more. 

"Don't tell anyone."

"What about Jason?" He smirked.

"No, please don't. He doesn't know about me. Why would he?"

"Come on, I'm sure he does...haven't you guys ever showered and changed in the locker room together?" I turned my head away and didn't say anymore. I never showered in the locker room; and if I changed, I only changed my shirt and pants. 

"Hey Nick...look at me?" he uttered, shaking me, pinching my nipple and making me gasp again. I didn't answer him, but I started to get up. He pushed me down again and said, "I won't tell. 

"Thanks," I said.

"Just don't get up yet. I like you like this." With that, he ran his hands all over my body, softly, almost like a caress. 

"You're so smooth, the only hair you have is your pubes...but even that isn't much." He moved down my crotch and cupped my dick and my balls in one hand, hiding them from view. "Damn, you're still so hard." He looked at me in the eyes and came even closer, positioning his body between my legs, making them spread wider. My hole felt a little exposed, feeling a breeze as he moved up to my chest; his mouth clamped down on a nipple, and teased the other with his fingers. I moaned. I play with my nipples sometimes when I jack off but I never imagined someone else's touch could make me feel like this. I was spread out and pinned on my own living room floor. I breathed in, inflating my chest more, and my moans turned into short gasps. He kept going, but his touch slowed down; his tongue moved slowly over my nipple, like licking them like you would a wound. This must be how Brianna felt each time Matt played with her big tits. Damn, I don't wanna be the woman in this equation. 

"I...can't do this," I said, and tried to get up again. 

"Yes, you can." Matt placed a hand on my side, and brushed the skin lightly, almost as if he was trying to soothe me. "Just relax." He grabbed my hands and placed them on his shoulders. Despite his hairy front, his shoulders were relatively smooth and soft to the touch. I caressed him; his skin was so warm. I continued feeling him past the shoulders, slowly down his back. I wanted to reach down further when I started to feel the hairs on his lower back but he started to get up. He grabbed my hands again and gently put me in a sitting position while he continued to stand up.

His crotch was now just below eye level. "Come closer," he said, holding the back of my head, and pressing me forward. What the hell is this kid trying to do? But I couldn't help but comply. He pressed until my nose was against his hairy belly and held me there, stroking my head. I could smell his sweat there, my chin brushing up against the band of his briefs. Then he guided my hands to go around him, around his ass, and embracing him. I moaned again. I couldn't help myself. 

Softly he pushed my head to go lower, until I was sniffing his shorts. I could smell him so strongly I don't think he had washed them in a while -- he always wear them when we go shoot some hoops. I felt his bulge in my face. It was then that I realized I had been so hard, my balls were feeling so tight it almost hurt. I tried to feel for his dick head, but I just couldn't tell where it was. 

"Take 'em off."

"What?"

"Take my shorts off." I thought for a little bit; I wasn't sure if I should. If there was any moment that I could have really turned away, got up and went to my room, this was it. But I thought, "What the hell?" I can't hide forever. I reached for his shorts and underwear, feeling the thin waistband. I was about to pull 'em down when he stopped me. 

He smiled. "Just the shorts for now...not my briefs." He held my wrists and pushed them down to his thighs. Then he touched my lips and looked into my eyes without saying anything. He just kept looking and rubbing a finger on my lips. 

I finally understood. "You promise you won't tell nobody?"

"I promise, I promise," he replied. For a moment, it brought me back to when he was just a little junior high nerd, his voice just starting to crack, transforming. I never had that big change. 

I slowly opened my mouth. "Yeah, that's it" he nodded, encouraging me to do it. Shit. I didn't know why I was doing this, especially with Jason's little brother, but there I was, biting down on that waistband and pulling it down. This was so humiliating, but I couldn't even think of what would happen next. My mind was only on what was happening right then. And right then I was staring at the biggest bulge I had ever seen and it was getting bigger each second. And no wonder I couldn't feel his dickhead...it was all the way past his hip!

I couldn't resist anymore. He wore white boxer-briefs, grayed from wear, and yellowed with stains. He grabbed my head and pulled me to his crotch. Fuck...I could feel the warmth of his dick; his scent was making my head spin. I should be fuckin' disgusted but the smell of his ball sweat, dry piss and ripe dick was making me quiver from inside. I couldn't get enough of him. His dick was getting swollen, getting hard. I felt it expanding against my cheeks, getting longer and extending away from his body. It extended so much that it pushed out his underwear too, the thick band pulling away until I could see inside and a warm ripe odor wafted out. He held my head by my ears and rubbed his crotch all over my face. 

Fuck! How could I let this kid do this to me!

"Ok...you can take 'em off now," he said, gently combing his fingers through my hair. "You can use your hands this time." Slowly I pulled his briefs down, and it took some time until his dick fully came into view. When it did, it snapped and hit me on the face, leaving a trail of dick slime across my jaw. It surprised me a little bit. It was so freaking big! Long and thick with throbbing veins leading up a curve to the uncut dick head; the slit was peaking out. The bigger the head got, the more the foreskin unfolded. It was slimy and reeked of ripe dick. The heat coming from it made me hot all over, if I wasn't hot enough already. I held it in my hands -- I had to touch it. It was heavy, and the skin was soft; I pulled it down so the head would be completely free. As the skin peeled back, the more I got of that dick scent.

He pulled my hands back around his ass. "Just use your nose and lips, nothing else."

I thought he meant I could use my mouth, and so when I opened up to take the head in, he corrected me. "Uh-uh," he said, and forced me to close up. "I said, 'just your nose and your lips'." He paused. He must have sensed the great discomfort I felt, the awkwardness of the situation. "Don't worry, you're doing real good, man."

I pressed my nose on the head, smelling the ripe slime that gave it sheen. I followed the length down its major curve to the base of his dick until my face was covered in his pubes and breathed in the concentration of musk. Fuck I couldn't believe this. 

I moved down to his balls. They too were very large, and very ripe from sweating at the courts earlier. He pulled me away and held my face in one hand, grabbed his dick with the other, and wiped my face with it. His dick warmed my cheeks. I had been squatting down and didn't realize that I had moved so close to him that my hole was just above his left foot until I felt his big toe rubbing my asslips. I was shocked -- I never felt anything like that before; but then he reached down and played with my nipples again, slowly raked the nubs and made me quiver.

"Ok...you can use your mouth now, but just on the head," he said, raising my chin, looking into my eyes. I opened my mouth without gazing away from his face. He smiled, and his dick head slipped in. It was tangy and a little salty. I sucked on it and heard him groan. 

"Oh, yea. That's how you do it, man. I didn't think you would actually do it. Keep going." 

His toe on my hole was opening a part of me that I didn't know I had -- I wanted it to keep going, deep into me. As he kept rubbing, I rubbed back. With his toes on my hole, his hands on my nips, and his dick in my mouth, an orgasm was building up inside me. I started to moan, sucked his dick a little faster, and slurped on that fat head with drool dripping down my chin. I was beyond embarrassed and humiliated by that point. I wanted it and I needed to cum so bad.

"Whoa there, Champ. Slow down." But it was too late. A final stab to my hole with his toe did me in; cum erupted from dick hitting my chest and dripped down. I moaned -- in a way that was louder than I ever thought I could get from cumming. Even more came out that drenched my own dick and balls, trickled down to my hole where his toe was spreading it around the lips.

"Damn, dude. I said slow down. Look what happened. Shit...I think you came from sitting on my toe," he chuckled. "You didn't even touch your dick." 

I motioned to get up and leave, but once again he stopped me. The feeling of being humiliated was back. "No, we're not done yet, bro." That was true, I wanted more. My dick was still hard. It didn't go down at all. But I felt that leaving right then would spare me from more embarrassing shit. 

He sat back on the armchair while pulling me up. He tapped on his thighs, telling me exactly what he wanted. "I'm too heavy," I said. He didn't pay me any mind, and said, "Just come on up man." Fuck. What the hell? After doing everything that I had already done, what was one more thing? 

Awkwardly, I got up on the chair. He wanted me to face him. I must have looked like an idiot trying to balance myself as I got up to sit on his lap. But the only way to do that was to let my legs dangle over the arms or squat over him, leaving my smooth thighs wide open, letting him a close up view of my dick and balls. I decided to squat. His dick was right beside mine, thrusting into the air with that curve. I felt its size next to mine; his dick was so warm. With a thumb and a finger, he lightly and softly stroked my dick from the head down to the base. He looked into my eyes, then down to our cocks

"How small is your dick?" he asked.

"Dude, don't start."

"Have you ever measured it?"

"Stop it. Stop talking about it." I tried wiggling out. 

"Fine, but don't move, Champ." He continued stroking. "Wanna see how I jack off?"

I nodded. He grabbed his dick with both hands. "That's how. Wanna try it?" I grabbed his cock with both hands. Damn, it just felt unreal. "Up and down."

I stroked it. I couldn't get over the hefty size, thick veins pumped up with blood. I squeezed.

"It's big, huh, champ?" he said with a smirk. I didn't reply. 

Then he asked, "Why don't you grab your dick too and jack us off together?" I hesitated; it was more of a command than a request, but I wanted to do it, to feel his dick against mine. When I held my dick against his, the heat surprised me a little bit; it made my hole so hot, it made me jump a little bit. I could feel just how small my dick was.

"We are complete opposites," he said, slowly sliding his dick up and down against mine. "How does it feel champ?" Except for my moans, I kept quiet. There wasn't anything I could say.

"Come on, talk to me"

"Your dick is so big, Matt," I said finally. He smiled, a very confident smile.
