 Author's note: Thanks for the comments. This is my first time writing erotica fiction, but I am glad some of you like it. None of this is based on real events or real people.

This story also contains themes of race (among other things) that may be offensive to you. If it does, please stop reading and find other awesome stories on Literotica.com.

Big Jock and the Little Nerd Ch. 03

The next day I got up real early to avoid Matt. I peeked in the living room, but he wasn't there anymore. I guessed he had gone to his room at some point in the night. On the floor, his clothes were still scattered. The room seemed different to me. I no longer felt that this apartment was mine.

I picked up his stuff and laid them on the chair. Feeling his clothes in my hands gave me flashbacks of the night before. But the clothes were cooler now; his underwear no longer warm like how they were when I buried my face in his crotch the night before. 

I had to leave, but I got the urge to sniff them. Even cold, they still smelled of him. The stains, the piss, even the ball sweat. I even got the courage to sniff the part where his ass had been. There were plenty of times in high school when I could have stolen other guys' underwear but I never had the courage. I'd go home and wack off thinking about them. 

I was getting hard again, and the pain in my hole added to the reminder of what had taken place in that room. I felt guilty and embarrassed. I had to get out of there. 

I went straight to work. It was a cold morning and hardly anyone was around at the site except for my co-worker, Steve, who was just sitting around, drinking coffee and reading a magazine. Steve sometimes comes over on weekends and hangs out, drinks beer and shoots the shit. He and Matt get along pretty well. I waved and he let me in. 

"Early start today?" he asked. I nodded, and just kept walking towards my workspace. I wasn't in the mood to talk.

"I'm surprised you're here so early. Matt said you guys had quite a night last night. How's your rib?"

"Huh? My rib's fine. Doesn't really bother me now. Did Matt say anything?" I was alarmed for a second.

"Nah. He just said you guys drank a lot. Hey, let's hang out this weekend. You can meet my new girl! I think you'd really like her. I think you both have a lot of things in common." 

I smiled and said, "Sure." I didn't know what he meant by that and I wasn't particularly interested. I've met Steve's girls before and they're always a little annoying. It seems that Steve and Matt have the same taste in girls -- big boobs, small brain. But sitting around playing poker and drinking beer always helps. 

The rest of the day, I tried to keep myself from thinking about the night before, but my body was not letting me forget. My nipples were still so sore that I wished I could work without my shirt. I also had to keep squeezing in my ass; it felt like there was a big hole there that just wouldn't close.

Over the next few days, I managed to avoid Matt. I went to work earlier than usual and spent the rest of the day and night in class or in the library. My hole felt much better -- a little too good; it itched a little. I still couldn't help thinking about Matt. Deep inside, I knew I could not continue doing anything with him. What we had was something that could only happen that one time. 

On Friday, I got home early, and sure enough, Matt was there. I told him Steve was coming over, but then quickly went to my room.

"Hey, wait a minute," I heard him say. I closed the door behind me, pretending I didn't hear him. But he followed me, and entered my room.

"What's up, man? I haven't seen you all week. You avoiding me or something?"

"Nah. Just been busy."

"You sure? It feels like you're mad or something."

"No. Just had a lot to do, midterms and stuff." 

He approached me while I was changing, taking my shirt off, my back turned away from him. Already, his scent was filling up my room. I couldn't look him in the eye; I was trying to build up the courage to talk to him about what happened, that it was something that was not gonna happen again.

He approached me and grabbed my chest from the back, his fingers going straight to my nipples, instantly making me hard. But I didn't want a repeat of that night, ending up in the most humiliating situation.

"Matt...I can't," I said softly, moving away from him. 

"Huh? No, wait," he pled, reaching out for me, grabbing my arm. "I knew you were avoiding me." He seemed hurt. 

"I don't know. I think that whatever happened last week was a one-time thing, you know. It can't happen again."

"Why not? Don't do this. I had a great time, man, come on." 

"Sorry, Matt." I sat down on the bed, looking away from him. I saw our reflection on the big closet mirror, seeing Matt standing there in the same shorts he wore when we messed around. He seemed so small next to my sitting figure.

He was quiet for a moment. Then he took a deep breath.

"I'm sorry, too. I didn't wanna have to do this, but...you know, Jason is coming back soon. I tried to tell you but I haven't seen you all week." He moved closer to me, placed his hands on my shoulders, and pulled me close to his crotch. "I think you know what I'm saying."

"What?" It took me a while to get what he was trying to say with his crotch in my face. But once I understood, I was in a panic.

"You wouldn't tell him, would you? You promised that you wouldn't!" I got up and pushed him. But I pushed him a little too hard and he ended up slamming against a wall. He looked shocked.

"Fuck!" He gave me an angry look and stormed out. 

This freaked me out. Why did I have to push him so hard? I went after him. I was afraid of what he might do if I didn't apologize. 

I followed him to his room where he was sitting on his desk chair, stretching his back against it. I was rarely in his room and was struck by how much it smelled just like him. A permanent stink of old deodorant and his body odor.

"Matt, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to push so hard."

He turned in his chair to face me. "Fuck you, dude," he muttered, looking at me so angry. "You wanna apologize? Get on your knees and crawl over here." 

"Dude, don't be like this."

"I'm not kidding, champ. You want me to shut my mouth about what a real big pussy you are, then you know what to do."

"But...this is fucked up."

He pursed his lips. "Yea. And either you come over here or I let people know how your pussylips bounced up and down on my big white dick."

Matt got a little cocky last time, but this was a whole 'nother level. 

His dick started to tent out of his shorts. Not only was I hard too, but my hole was getting hot for him. The shorts, his smell, his voice...it was all coming back. But I tried to keep my composure. I didn't know what else could be more humiliating than Jason finding out about me. So I got on my knees and crawled towards him until I was between his legs. 

"Come on, champ. Let's do this...and no one has to know."

"Matt...you promised..." My face moved closer and closer to his bulge until I was buried in his crotch. He reached over and tweaked my nipples. I rubbed my cheeks with his nylon-covered dick, with the familiar feelings sweeping all over me; I was almost thankful that it was all happening again. My dick was so hard.

"I know you need this, champ. I need it too," he said softly, almost trying to comfort me, taking a hand off my chest, patted me on the head, and then softly brushing my hair with the palm of his hand. 

I couldn't help myself anymore and pulled down his shorts and his briefs. His cock snapped up. I had to have it in my mouth again. 

I peeled the skin down the head, its rank scent filling my nose. Damn, does this boy ever clean his dick? But it didn't matter...in fact, it was even better. I needed to smell that, the smell of a man after a full day's work. 

I opened my mouth to engulf his dick, but he flicked my lips with fingers. "I didn't hear you ask, champ."

Dammit. He knew I wanted it, but I didn't wanna have to ask. Fuckin' little twerp!

"Can I?"

"Can you what?" he prodded condescendingly, stroking my hair some more. 

"Can I have your cock in my mouth?"

He smirked. "I would but you're not properly dressed."

"Huh? What?" I was confused. I only had on my baggy work jeans and boots. But what was he talking about being dressed?

"Take off everything."

This little fucker was playing with me. What could I do? So reluctantly I took off my boots and socks, then stood up and took off my jeans. I set them aside. 

I looked him in the eye, my hands on my hips. I had left my bikini briefs on. 

He shook his head. "Everything."

Slowly, I bent to take my briefs down. 

"Yea, there you go," he encouraged, then added, "that's how you and your little boydick should be properly dressed around me."

I flinched. Where does he get this shit? 

"You don't have to be like that, Matt." 

"Don't worry. This stays between you and me...unless you wanna change that somehow." 

He stared at me, examining my body with his eyes, his lips curling into a faint smile. He turned around towards his desk, opened a drawer and took out a ruler. Seeing the ruler instantly made me lose my hard on a little bit. 

"Come closer."

"No, no...come on. Let me just suck your dick..."

"Come closer, son...heh," he laughed, smacking the palm of his hand with the ruler. I hesitated. What the fuck is he gonna do!?

"Come on boy...we don't have all night," he continued, raised his hand which held the ruler and playfully gestured like he was about to smack my dick, swiping the air just an inch short of my dick, which was hardening again. What the hell is he calling me boy for! He's much younger than me!

I put my hands over my crotch.

"Take your hands away, little boy, and come closer. If I want you to be close to me, then you need to get close," he instructed.

Fuck. Now he was calling me a "little boy." 

I obeyed, slowly, taking my hands away and moved within inches of him. He put one end of the ruler at the base of my dick; I was flinching the whole time.

"Let's see what a big boy you are." 

He measured, my dick hardening at the attention it was getting. "Aw...a growing boy," he said, my dick pumping up a little bit, until it was painfully hard. "Wow, almost 4 inches." He smacked it lightly, but hard enough that my heart skipped a beat and I flinched. 

I never expected this side of Matt.

He handed me the ruler. "Now, go ahead and see what a grown man's dick should measure up to." 

I tried to measure his dick, but the curve threw me off a little bit. "It's a little over 9 inches, Matt."

"That's right, son," he said, continuing to mock me. "Get down on your knees and pay it some respect." 

I kneeled, opened my mouth.

"Nah...I said pay it some respect. That means show my dick how much you love it by giving it kisses. That's how anyone should pay respect to a real cock, right? So pucker up!"

I kissed his cock all over, and then down to his musky, hairy balls.

"Yea, that's good boy. I didn't have to tell you to kiss my balls," he chuckled. Now you can open those pretty lips and take my dick." 

Even before he finished his sentence, I wrapped my mouth around that thick manhood. It tasted so good, as if I was tasting it for the first time. I had to have my tongue all over it. It was. I slurped it up. 

"Yea, boy, you do that so well. I never had a girl clean out my dick head like you. You like how it tastes?" He smirked. 

I nodded.

"What was that? I can't hear you. Do you like how my dick tastes in your mouth?"

I stopped sucking and told him. "Yea." Drool hung off my chin.

"Yea I know you do. And I haven't even showered today but you're loving my cock anyway," he smirked. "Damn, love those thick brown lips." 

He raised his arms, clasped his hands and rested them behind his neck; his pits were exposed, reeking of musk.

No question he hadn't showered. His crotch was steaming with his funk, his pits filling the air. I went back to sucking again, this time going past the head a little bit. But for some reason, he grabbed my hair and pulled me back until my lips were back on his dick head.

"Don't move, champ." He put a finger on his dick and made an imaginary line just below the dick head. "I know you did such a good job last time on my dick head, so tonight you get to take a little more. But only to this point," he continued, emphasizing the line. "An inch below the ridge. If you do a good job, then next time I'll let you go down another inch. You understand?"

I nodded, my dick jumping at the thought of being trained on every inch of his dick. "Good," he said. "That way you can get to know my cock really well -- we'll ease you in to being really good at sucking my dick. That's how nice I am," he said while his toes fiddled with my balls and dick. 

I nodded again, out of breath. My dick was hard, but my balls wanted to curl inside and hide. I was so fucking hot and horny I couldn't tell if I was about to cum or not.

"Make sure you slurp on it real good."

For a few minutes there, I was on my knees between his legs and the only sound you could hear was my sucking and slurping on the first two inches of that big white cock, doing the best I could to make him feel real good. He moaned the whole time, cussing away, letting me know what a good job I was doing.

Suddenly, he got a good solid grip on my head, holding me still while he grunted real hard. I couldn't have moved if I wanted to. I knew what was coming, but the thought of finally getting seeded with a man's cum in my mouth was unbelievable. When he finally came, I didn't know what to do and I froze. Eventually, his cum seeped out of my mouth and dripped down my chin. I wiped it off, looking up at him, just to look at his face.

He caressed my lips with a finger, and directed his eyes down between my legs.

"Damn, you sure can come without touching yourself."

I looked down. My dick was still hard, but it was all wet, down to my balls, which were dripping with my own cum. There was a puddle under me. I couldn't believe I came. 

"Clean up my dick."

I did as told, licking away on the head until all the sticky cum was gone. I even licked off the spit dripping down his balls.

"Good job. I didn't even have to tell you to just use your mouth. You did it on your own. You're a natural cocksucker."

Eyes closed, he had the look of relief on his face. He was completely relaxed now.

"Now tell me why you're the cocksucker and not me?"

"Come on, Matt...we don't have to do it like this," I pled. "I'm sorry about what happened earlier."

He just ignored me though. "Tell me why you're the cocksucker and not me."

He still seemed mad, and there was probably no other way to win him back over. 

He grabbed his dick and wiped my face with it. "Tell me."

"'Cuz you got a bigger dick. Happy?"

"I think you like being my cocksucker," he said, a faint smile formed on his lips. "Do you like being my cocksucker?" he asked, reaching out to my face and caressing my cheeks.

Just then, we heard someone say, "Yea, I think he does." 

We both turned towards the door, and there my coworker Steve stood with his new girl, wine bottles in hand.