 Tony dozed, as Jonathan slept soundly. He woke suddenly looking toward the door. It was closed. Standing he went to the bed checking the patient. Jonathan lay on his right side sleeping soundly. He checked the urine bag, seeing it would be soon that he would need to change it. 

Tony looked through the darkness. Something wasn't right. Reaching up over the youth's bed he pulled the switch turning on the light. Moving silently around the bed, his eyes moved around taking in the room thoroughly. 

His slow methodical movements were like that of a cat after its prey. Going slowly to the bathroom, he opened the door, as he watched the room. Flipping on the light, he glanced around at the shower, toilet and sink quickly. 

As he looked back at the cart by the door, he saw what was different. It had been pushed away from the wall. Someone could be hiding behind it. He went to it slowly, cautiously. He checked all around it, but no one was there. Lifting the rolling cover up, he checked inside.

Going back to the bed he turned Jonathan onto his back, checking him over thoroughly to be sure the man had not been there and killed him while he slept. Jonathan moaned softly, as the man pulled the covers back. His hands roamed over the youth haphazardly looking for anything suspicious. He lifted the gown looking with his eyes and his hands. Pulling the blanket further down, he checked his legs. Turning him over onto his right side once more, he checked him further.

At that moment, Catherine entered the room. She stopped in her tracks, seeing Tony was handling Jonathan, in a way she felt was not right. Inhaling sharply, she covered her gaping mouth with her fingers. He stopped, looking up at her.

"Catherine, did you see anyone come in here? A man?" Tony asked continuing to look the youth over for even a pinprick.

"No… What are you doin'?" She sounded alarmed.

"I'm checkin' him for needle pricks or a wound of any kind." Tony stated urgently.

"But why, Tony?" the woman was evidently unsettled. And what he was saying didn't make any since. The kid was in a hospital. Although, she knew Tony's services were only called upon, when the patient was in mortal danger of another person or persons.

"Someone was in here. They pulled the cart away from the wall." Tony stated.

"Tony, I did that… I was lookin' for a dressin'. We're out at the station." she informed him. "What the hell is goin' on?" she asked then. "Why are you guardin' him?"

"It would appear he is in danger, wouldn't it?" Tony answered covering the youth. "Or I wouldn't be here, now would I?"

"I don't understand…" the woman stated softly, taking a single step closer.

"Catherine, his Uncle is out to kill this kid. Now, no one is allowed in here… No one… The only people allowed in here, is Dr. Carroll and me. You got that? You need somethin', please, call the room first. Then I'll tell you to come on in. But I'll expect you and know it's you. I thought he had come in while we slept and done somethin' to 'im." The nurse's tone was stern and vehement. He unconsciously chided the woman strongly.

"I was wonderin' why you were feelin' 'im up." Catherine confessed. "It looked like you was molestin' 'im."

"I was checkin' for needle pricks, or a wound of some kind." Tony stated firmly.

"I'm sorry…I should've known better, Tony. I can see I caused you a lotta stress. I'm sorry." Catherine stated solemnly in realization.

"It's okay, hun… You're okay… Just call the room first before you come in." Tony requested, his tone softening all the while. "Was there somethin' you needed?" he came around the bed toward her stopping when he stood directly before the woman.

"I was comin' to check the machine." Catherine informed him.

"Oh, I already took care of it." He returned softly.

"Oh, okay… I'm sorry, Tony. I'll help you watch the door. I didn't know." She almost seemed in tears.

"Catherine, it's fine. It just scared me. I'm responsible for his life right now. You understand, don'tchya?" Tony hugged her to him gently.

"Yeah, Tony. I'm so sorry. I thought some bad things aboutchya, when I came in. I'm sorry." She confessed.

"Honey, I woulda thought the same shit if I didn't know." Tony tried to comfort her. "It's okay…"

"I gotta go… I gotta get back to my rounds. I'll tell the other's to watch the door and not let anybody come in but Dr. Carroll." she told him.

"Everyone is supposed to know that already. They'er supposed to call me if they see anybody suspicious." Tony looked into her face with concern.

"But we didn't know, Tony. I'll tell 'em…" Catherine assured him. "I'll tell 'em right now." she rushed out the door.

"Whew..." Tony turned to Jonathan who was sleeping like a log. Going to the machine, he adjusted the dosage bringing it down some. Greg had elevated it to make the youth sleep. If they needed to move in a hurry it would be difficult with him like this. Going to the bed, he began to flick the youth's earlobe with his finger. "Jonathan..." he called gently. "Wake up..." His voice was urgent. Deflating the balloon, he removed the catheter from Jonathan's maleness.

The youth moaned softly.

"Wake up, kid… Now, Jonathan..." Tony was firm. "Come on, kid…"

Jonathan stirred. His eyes fluttered, as he fought to awaken. He could hear the intense urgency in Tony's voice. It was time, to wake up.

"Come on, boy..." The man seemed to growl. "Wake up, Jonathan…" 

He struggled to obey the man, but it was so hard. His eyes opened, then shut again. He fought with all his might.

"Damn..." Tony went to the window, closing the drapes quickly. "Come on, Jonathan… Wake up for me… I know it's hard, Baby… But I really need you to wake up."

"Can't..." Jonathan muttered.

"Yes you can, mister! Now you wake up! Come on..." Tony moved about the room, insuring no one was hiding anywhere.

"Help me..." 

Tony looked over at the youth, expecting someone else to be there. But there was no one.

"Help me, Tony…" Jonathan moaned fighting to open his eyes.

The nurse went to him. "You remember me, now… Don't you?" He asked.

"Blue pickup… I was fourteen…" the youth mumbled, barely audible.

"Yeah, Baby… I asked you all those questions about yer Uncle." He replied excitedly.

"Are you a cop?" The youth came slowly.

"No, Jonathan… I worked here… I was just concerned." Tony told him, not really being honest with him. It was better for the kid, if he didn't know.

Jonathan's eyes finally came open. He looked up at the man, who was glancing around the room. "If you worked here, what was you doin' in Arizona?"

"Just visitin'… I have family there…" Tony seemed to calm somewhat, now that Jonathan was awake.

"Oh…" The kid didn't understand. "But who told ya? How did you know?"

"Remember I told you, yer neighbor complained about you screamin' every night?" Tony now turned looking into the youth's face.

"Yeah…"

"Jonathan, can you move at all?" the man asked then.

"I don't know…" He tried to sit up.

"No, no, no… Roll onto your right side. I'll show you how to let the railing down." The nurse began to slowly teach him to protect himself. He took the youth's hands putting them on the top of the rail. "Pull up… then push down."

Jonathan was able to do it even as weak as he felt.

"Now push yerself up, with yer hands." He watched, as Jonathan pushed himself up letting his legs drop off the bed. "…Now stand up..." the nurse stood right in front of him, in case he fell. "…Come on… Come to the door..." He walked backward, watching Jonathan stagger toward him. "…Pull the door open…" Tony stood to one side, as Jonathan pulled the door open. "…Go to the nurses station…" The man walked beside him. "…Hustle, Jonathan… He's coming to getchya…" he coached softly.

Jonathan moved faster, realizing what he was doing. He forced his legs to move as fast as they could. One foot before the other, he looked down watching them as they went. When he got to the nurses' station, the women were watching the two intently.

"Now what do you do?" Tony asked gently.

"I need help..." He spoke to the woman before him.

"Good, Jonathan… But what if no one is here?" Tony asked then?

"I don't know?" he looked over at the man.

"I'll show you… Come with me…" He led the youth around the counter. The women moved out of the way, knowing what Tony was doing. "You can hide here, or you can hide back here." He took Jonathan into a room, behind the counter. It had a desk he could crawl up under, if he needed to.

"Okay… Let's get you back to bed." Tony lifted him in his arms, carrying him to bed. Putting the rail back up, he checked the bathroom once more. "You rest some… We'll do it again after while."

"I want outta here…" Jonathan admitted.

"I know, Baby… But you need to be here, or Dr. Carroll would let you go home." Tony told him. "And anyway, it don't matter where you go, he'll be lookin' for ya." He added going to the drapes peeking out. He looked across the road to the building there, then down at the street below.

"Is everything alright?" Jonathan asked.

"Yes, it is now…" Tony turned to him smiling.

Jonathan sighed in relief. "You had me worried for a minute." He informed him.

"Why? You trust my judgement now?" the man moved to the bed beginning to replace the I.V. needle and tube.

"I guess I do… You seem to know what yer doin'." He watched the man deftly work at painlessly retubing his arm.

"I try, kid…" The man glanced into his face, then finished taping the apparatus to his arm. "If you need to go pee, just let me know. I took the catheter out." He lightly placed his hands on the railing standing over him grinning.

"Doc won't be mad will 'e?" 

"Naa…" The man gently brushed hair from his face. "He knows I know what I'm doin'."

"That's good… If he trusts you, so do I." Jonathan smiled up at him.

"Good… Now, get some rest… I'll wake you up in another hour or so, to practice your escape." He informed him.

Nodding, Jonathan turned onto his right side, drifting to sleep easily. Tony sat in the chair, dozing for the next hour. Looking at the clock on the wall, he knew Greg would be in soon. And it was time to wake Jonathan again.

Standing, he went to the bed. "Jonathan…" he spoke softly putting a hand on his shoulder.

Right away, Jonathan lifted his head. Tony put his finger to his lips. With a nod, the youth pushed himself up silently. He moved the railing down, as quietly as he could. Standing, he followed the man to the door. Grasping the handle, he pulled it open going quickly to the nurses' station. 

Tony urged him silently, to go behind the counter and hide underneath. "That was better, kid… But you need to work on your timing… Faster… You have to move faster." He stood over him, with his hands on his hips.

Jonathan came out from under the counter standing. "So, let's do it again."

"No… You need to learn to do this from a dead sleep. Next time, I won't say anything at all." Tony stated.

"Okay…" He began to go back to the room.

"Tony…" Catherine called to him as they went.

"Stop, Jonathan…" the man put a hand on his shoulder halting him. He turned to the woman, who was holding the phone with a hand over the mouthpiece.

"Dr. Carroll is on the phone. He wants to know if you need him to bring anything this mornin'." She relayed the message to him.

Tony thought for a second. "A hot biscuit with bacon and cheese would be nice… And some orange juice." He smiled at the last. Greg would know what he meant.

She gave Greg the message over the phone, then laughed out loud. "He said, bite me." She called to him.

Tony laughed. "Tell him to bare the spot when he comes in."

"Ooh!" some of the nurses laughed and expressed sudden surprise at Tony's comment. But they were used to the two men joking with each other that way.

Catherine was laughing, as she hung up the phone. "He said to tell you, you'll get your orange juice alright. He said it'll end up in yer face, if you ain't careful." She informed him.

Tony laughed. He turned, beginning to lead Jonathan back to the room. A soft pleasant moan of pleasure escaped him, as they went. Though none of the nurses could hear it, Jonathan did.

He stared up at the taller man, who seemed distantly preoccupied with his thoughts at the moment. Studying him, he waited until they were safe in the room, before he popped the question.

"What was that all about?" he asked softly.

Tony chuckled. "Greg and I have a few metaphors we use to get at one another."

"So, what is the simile for orange juice?" Jonathan queried.

"Just think about what was said. It'll come to ya." The man grinned wickedly.

"What gets t'me, is that low pleasurable moan of yers. It turns me on when you do that. I've heard others moan like that, but it never has effected me this way before. And it seems the doc hit on somethin' you like." He continued to dig as he climbed back into bed slowly.

"Yep… You caught that, did ya?" Tony watched him, standing nearby in case he needed assistance.

"You know I did. You meant for me too." Jonathan rested back against the pillow, smiling at the man. 

Tony crossed his arms over his chest then. His eyes narrowed a bit, as he cocked his head to one side somewhat. "And so what if I did." He ventured probing into what Jonathan was getting at.

"Well, like me…" Jonathan pulled the covers over his legs and hips. "…If I want someone to know I have a desire, or like somethin', I moan." He answered.

"Oh…" Tony moved back slightly with realization. His arms dropped to his side again. "So, you think I wanted you to know that what he said was a turn on for me."

"Of course…" he adjusted his tubing, so he could get comfortable again.

Tony came toward him, picking up the I.V. needle. He made an adjustment on the machine, then grasped the railing to listen to Jonathan's assumptions.

"You like to let people know what turns you on. So, naturally you would do that."

Tony chuckled. He moved to the cart retrieving a new needle. Returning with it in hand he opened the sterile package to reinsert the needle into his arm.

"So, what is orange juice?" he couldn't stand the suspense any longer as he watched the man place the needle and hook him up to the I.V. tube again.

Tony looked up toward the door. "It means, he might jack off in my face…" he whispered to him.

"Oh, shit…" Jonathan beamed.

"Yeah…" the man gave him that wicked grin Jonathan saw him produce so many times since he had met him. But quickly he looked back down at his work.

"So, the orange juice is 'come'?" he pressed.

"Hmm…" The man moaned, glancing up then back to what he was doing.

"You told me…" He realized suddenly.

"Yep…" Tony smiled.

"Damn, you guys are sneaky." Jonathan laughed lightly.

"We have to be…" He looked toward the door again. "If it gets around that doc swings that way, it could ruin his reputation, he could loose his job… You name it." He whispered to him.

"Damn…" Jonathan winced suddenly as the sting of fluid began up his arm again. "I hadn't thought of that."

"You should…" the man taped the assembly to his arm again. He stood straight when he had finished. "Now, you get some rest. I'll just be right here." Tony moved away from him, before he got caught doing something, which would seem vulgar to one of the nurses.

A couple hours later Greg waltzed into the room. Tony was on his feet, as usual. The doctor grinned wryly at him, as he approached with the man's requested meal. The nurse half laughed, as he retrieved it from his hands. Going back to the chair, he sat shaking the orange juice he had asked for so playfully.

"Has he been awake yet?" Greg lifted the chart looking at the many notes Tony had scribbled there.

"Yeah, I took him for a little stroll this morning, twice." He informed him.

"I see that you did." He read it even as Tony mentioned it. "If he's doin' that good, I may let 'im go home early." He announced to the man.

"He wants to so bad, he can taste it." Tony jested.

"I know… Poor kid is petrified." Greg moved to the bedside looking Jonathan over.

"Thanks for the biscuit…" Tony mumbled with his mouth full.

"You're welcome… You know, I think I will let 'im go home early. He's been so good about all this. But you have to be sure he follows orders. If 'e don't, he's coming right back here." Greg looked over, as Tony began to nod emphatically. His mouth was full of food. "You hungry or somethin'?" Greg stood straight asking.

"Well, yeah…" the nurse said after washing it down with some orange juice. "You keep forgetting to feed me."

"Shit, Tony… I'm sorry…" The doctor realized, he was right. The only meal he had brought to him, was a breakfast the day before.

"No, don't sweat it. You just owe me big time, man." He grinned broadly then.

"Yer lovin' this, aintchya?" Greg smiled, as he approached slowly.

"You bet, dude… I can't wait to get my hands on you and the kid." He revealed.

"Oh, you'll get yours." Greg assured him with finality in his voice.

Tony smiled. "You get any breakfast?" he asked taking out the last biscuit.

"Yeah… I had mine…" The doctor came up beside him leaning against the windowsill. "Do you think the man will try to kill 'im?" he asked, looking over at Jonathan as he did.

"Yep… And he'll be all, coy about it too. He's not a nice man, Greg." Tony informed him.

"I'm not lookin' forward to meetin' 'im." The doctor stated.

"No, but you will… I assure you, you will…" Tony took a large bite of the sandwich. 

"How much shit do you guys have on him?" Greg asked then.

"Not enough to put 'im away. But he's suspected of extortion, racketeering, prostitution, you name it." Tony volunteered. "Now, I hear this…" he began to speak lower for only Greg to hear. "…Don't quote me on this, but I heard that he had a party with his chief rats, and turned 'em all loose on the kid there. What I heard was, they passed 'im around all night, doin' as they pleased with 'im…. No matter what it was." He informed the man quietly.

Greg sighed heavily. "It's a wonder the poor kid's sane." He commented.

"He's had a hard life, Greg. It's time he got some relief from that." Tony stated, taking another bit of the sandwich.

"Well, you keep 'im alive long enough, Bruce and I intend to give 'im some relief." Greg pushed himself off the windowsill, gently.

Tony nodded. "I hope I'm in on that, too." He grinned.

"You know you are, Tony." He turned to him saying. "I have to go… I'll check back in a while…see how he's doin'." He made his way to the door.

"Okay…" Tony stuffed the last of the sandwich into his mouth.

Jonathan lay there, silently listening to the two men talking. As he did, he began to realize Tony was more than just a nurse. It seemed he knew more about his uncle, than was comfortable to him. Where in the hell did he hear about that party? Who leaked it to the cops?

He rolled onto his back staring up at the ceiling silently, just thinking. 

"You hungry, kid?" Tony asked.

Jonathan didn't think he could tell he was awake. He had hoped he wouldn't notice for a minute or two more. He had this incredible hard-on that would just not go away.

"No…" he answered softly.

"Sure you are…" The man stood coming toward him. "What gives, dude?" he put his hands on the railing, staring down at him.

"Touch me, Tony." Jonathan said out of the blue.

The man half laughed. "Hungry, I see…" his eyes twinkled with delight that he had asked. "No…give it some more time… We need to stew a little longer… Besides, we get caught in here, and my ass is in the sling." He suggested.

Jonathan rolled onto his right side again away from the man.

"Hey, what's wrong, Jonathan." he could tell something was amiss.

"Yer avoidin' me." He turned back onto his back, staring up at him.

"No…no, I'm not… I'm being practical." The man was serious now. "But you just wait 'till I get you home. You and I are gonna play, and I mean play hard." He began to run his fingers through the youth's hair.
