 Trevon thrust his hard dick into the sexy white bitch on her knees in front of him. Her soft white ass was covered with red welts from his hand. She liked it rough and had begged him to slap her harder. She was in her forties and wasn't young but she had a fantastic body with big tits, a tiny waist and a big round ass that was just right for fucking. 

"Fuck me harder baby," the white bitch panted as another climax shook her soft round body. He husband sat in the corner of the hotel room flogging his dick as he watched his wife get fucked. His hungry eyes gazed at Trevon's big cock as it pistoned into his wife's cunt and he could see her juices on the thick black pole. He had watched her with other men before but this was her first black man and while he didn't have the longest dick of her lovers he was likely the thickest and he could fuck forever. 

Sweat covered Trevon's dark muscular body and his taut muscles rippled with each powerful thrust of his thick hard cock. 

Denise collapsed onto the bed panting with exhaustion as her climax subsided. She was tired but unsatisfied despite her fourth successive orgasm in less than an hour. She spun around and pulled Trevon on top of her as she mashed her mouth against hers. She knew her husband Bill hated it when she kissed her lovers in front of him and she found it laughable that he wanted to watch her get fucked but couldn't handle watching her kiss another man. 'Fuck him' she thought as she plunged her tongue into Trevon's mouth and ground her exhausted body against Trevon's hard sweaty cock. 

"Lay back and put your feet on the floor baby. I want to ride your delicious cock," Denise panted. 

Trevon did as he was told and slid to the end of the bed. His feet rested on the floor pointing toward Bill as Denise straddled his waist, facing him, and lowered her dripping cunt onto his hard unprotected tool. He was normally the one in control when he had sex, especially with white women, but Denise was a take charge woman and he liked letting her drive for the night. 

"God this feels so good," Denise moaned. Her big round ass bounced on Trevon's fat cock as she leaned forward with her hands on his strong muscular chest. 

Bill watched his wife ride Trevon's thick dick with rabid fascination. He loved the way his wife's juices glistened on Trevon's dark meat. 

"Right there," she groaned as another orgasm approached. She moved faster and faster on his delicious cock until waves of pleasure rolled through her body like surf crashing on the beach. "Yes, yes, yes," the sexy married woman cried out loudly.

Denise slumped forward and caught her breath briefly before turning around to face her husband. She lowered her dripping wet pussy onto Trevon's fat cock as she looked at Bill flogging his cock. She was amazed that he still hadn't cum. When he fucked her he never lasted more than 5 minutes but he had been stroking his cock for almost an hour as she fucked and sucked Trevon and showed no signs of finishing. 

Trevon put his hands on Denise's hips as she rode him slowly in the reverse cowgirl position. He knew she was building to another climax. He couldn't believe that she was so orgasmic. She had already had four powerful climaxes and she was still going strong. 

"Do you want a better look Billy," Denise asked her husband. She had never let him join in when she fucked other men in front of him. She had been angry and hurt when he first confessed his fantasy of watching her with another man but as they discussed it she began to warm to the idea. They began watching porn with threesomes and swingers and she decided, after several months of deliberation, that she wanted to do it. She wanted to fuck other men while her husband watched. The idea was liberating and the first time she did it she came more and harder than she ever had with her husband. 

"Yes," Billy hissed. He had long dreamed of watching his wife fuck a black man. His cuckold fantasies had begun not long after they were married but he had no idea where they originated. He had held onto his secret fantasies for nearly ten years before he told Denise about them and at first she was livid but he had persisted and eventually she gave in. 

Bill knelt between Trevon's spread thighs and watched his wife ride his thick black cock. His face was just inches from Denise's pussy and he could smell the scent of her arousal. He had dreamed of being that close to her cunt while she fucked another man and watching Trevon's fat cock stretch his wife was incredible. 

Denise looked down at her husband and smiled. She could see the lust in his eyes. She knew what she wanted and she suspected he wanted it too. He just needed a little push. 

"Lick it," Denise said softly. Her voice was low and thick with desire. 

Bill looked up at his sexy wife and then at the union of her and Trevon. Denise's pussy moved slowly and hypnotically on the thick black cock. He could see the wet sheen of his wife's juices on her partner's dick. Bill knew what he wanted to do but what would they say. He tentatively moved his mouth toward her sloppy cunt. He could smell and almost taste her juices. His tongue flicked out of his mouth and touched his wife's hard clit. 

Denise moaned loudly. She couldn't believe Bill had taken direction so quickly and willingly. His tongue strummed her clit as she slowly rode Trevon's big black cock. Her body responded to her husbands talented tongue. Bill, for all of his shortcomings, had always been fantastic at oral sex and even with another man's dick filling her hole he knew exactly what she needed. Her legs began to quiver and she sat down hard on Trevon's big dick. 

Bill's tongue flicked her clit. His lips attached to it like a vacuum and Denise's body exploded in the most incredible climax of her life. She cried out loudly and clutched at her husband's head holding him tight against her cunt. He continued to lick her clit until her orgasm subsided and she pushed him away from her hypersensitive nub but Bill wasn't finished. He moved lower and started to lick Trevon's big shaved balls. He took one into his mouth and sucked softly as his tongue swirled around it making the black man moan with intense pleasure. 

Denise watched her husband suck another man's balls with wide hungry eyes. It was the most incredibly erotic thing she had ever seen. 

"That's it baby, do it," Denise said enthusiastically. She had never seen two men together but she had long fantasized about it. 

Bill continued to suck Trevon's balls as his big black cock remained buried inside Denise's wet cunt. He watched his wife climb off her new lover's cock and without hesitation he wrapped his lips around the hard throbbing hunk of flesh. He had fantasized in the past about sucking one of Denise's lover's dicks but he never thought it would happen. 

Denise watched her husband suck Trevon's dick into his mouth and she moaned loudly. She laid beside Trevon and kissed him deeply. "Cum in Bill's mouth," she whispered to her lover. 

Bill ran his hands up Trevon's legs and rubbed his inner thigh as he sucked his cock. He was new to sucking dick but he knew what he liked and tried to mimic that. His right hand stroked the thick shaft as he sucked hard on the bulbous head. His tongue swirled around it making Trevon moan with raw primal desire. 

"He's good," Trevon groaned. He knew he would not last long in Bill's hot mouth and he closed his eyes tight and gave into his body's animalistic urges. He had never been blown by a guy and as he approached the point of no return he wondered why not. 

Bill worked hard on Trevon's dick. He could tell the other man was close and he was anxious to feel and taste his cum. His right hand continued to stroke the shaft as his left played with the other man's balls. 

Trevon groaned and cried out loudly as he came. His cock spit hot cum into Bill's mouth and the other man swallowed quickly without missing a drop. 

Bill sucked and licked Trevon's cock clean and then looked at Denise proudly. He wiped saliva from his chin and started to stroke his average sized pale white cock. 

Denise had never been more turned on in her life. She quickly pulled Bill into the bed and mounted his stiff dick. Her curvaceous body moved gracefully over her husband as she worked herself into a frothy frenzy. She came hard and moments later Bill erupted inside her in a loud thunderous climax. She collapsed on top of Bill and kissed him deeply tasting Trevon's cum on her husband's lips. 

"Next time I want to watch him fuck you in the ass," she whispered. She felt satisfied and happy for the first time in years and she knew that their marriage was stronger than it had ever been. "I love you Bill." 

"Next time?" Bill asked playfully. "How about later." He'd just cum but he was still horny and wondered how fast Trevon could get it up again. 

"Are you game Trev," Denise asked as she started to play with his flaccid cock. She kissed her way down his strong muscular body and started sucking on his dick. 

Trevon had never imagined himself having sex with a guy and Bill wasn't the best looking guy in the world but he gave great head. Besides, Trevon loved fucking ass and Denise was there so it wasn't really gay, or at least that was how he justified it to himself. His cock grew hard in Denise's hot mouth as Bill grabbed some lube from his night stand and handed it to Trevon. 

Bill lay on his back as Trevon knelt between his legs with his cock in his hand. He poured lube over Bill's ass and rubbed the bare head of his cock across his taint. 

"Are you ready baby?" Denise asked as she stared intently at Trevon's slick lubricated cock. It was poised and ready to enter Bill's tight virgin ass. 

Bill was amazed at how much he wanted Trevon's cock inside him. He had always considered himself straight despite the occasional fantasy of the contrary. He had never been attracted to a man but he had on occasion wondered what it would be like to suck a cock. Even then he had never fantasized about getting fucked by a man. 

"Yes," Bill hissed. He was shaking with excitement as Trevon pushed his dick into his ass. 

Trevon eased his thick cock into Bills ass slowly until he was balls deep in the white guys tight ass. He had fucked several girls in the ass and Bill's smooth ass was even tighter that they had been. 

Bill groaned loudly as Trevon's fat cock split him wide. The pain was intense but bearable and as Trevon moved in and out of his tight ass it began to feel good. He grunted with each thrust of the black man's big dick. He could feel the beginnings of a climax but it felt unlike anything he had experienced before. 

"So hot," Denise sighed. Her fingers were strumming her clit and she too felt the early signs of a powerful climax. "How do you want it baby?" She asked her husband. 

"Harder," Bill groaned. He had more to say but the pleasure he felt was so intense that he had difficulty speaking. 

Trevon grabbed Bill's hips and thrust into him hard and fast. He liked the way Bill's tight sphincter gripped his shaft and he knew he was going to cum much quicker than he had fucking Denise's wet cunt and Bill's inexperienced mouth. 

Bill felt his body go rigid. He held his breath as waves of pleasure washed over him and his climax seemed to go on forever. Unlike a normal climax his cum did not shoot from his cock but rather it bubbled from his cock in an ongoing stream as he trembled with pleasure. The epicenter of pleasure was deep inside him and it just continued to spiral outward until he went limp. His cock was covered with cum but he was still hard and his erection did not go unnoticed by his wife. 

Denise pulled her husband on top of her and guided his still throbbing dick inside her. She thrust hard against him and quickly brought herself to a thunderous climax as Trevon resumed his hard pounding of Bill's ass. 

Trevon came next. He pumped hot semen into Bill's tight ass and then rolled off him and lay on his back. His chest heaved and sweat coated his body. He was exhausted but as sexually satisfied as he had ever been. 

Bill came a second time. His dick erupted inside Denise as her body shook from another climax. 

"That was incredible," Denise said weakly as she lay between her two partners. 

"It was," Bill agreed. He propped himself up on his elbow and looked over at Trevon. "You can fuck me anytime." He smiled and kissed his wife deeply. "I love you baby," he told her as she drifted off to sleep. 

They awoke alone. Trevon had slipped out in the middle of the night leaving a short note and promising to call them. They didn't know if he would but they knew their lives would never be the same.