 Mike always took time to visit his grandpa at the retirement community. He owed that to the guy who had been a father to him after his own dad left when he was a toddler. Bill had been a tough with Mike, but strong hand had made Mike the successful young man that he is. 

At six foot two, two hundred and twenty pounds his beefy muscular body and gorgeous black haired face he was irresistible to women. Owning a small construction company, made him a great catch. However, at age twenty eight, Mike was not ready to settle down. His mean rugged look easily told the women he'd pick up that they were to just be his fuck toy for the night and not to even ask him anything beyond that. He liked variety and had women and girls of any age. He was a hard worker and fucked hard every night of the week unless he felt tired. 

Mike would drop by to see his uncle after working out at the gym for a couple of ours. He always showed up in his sweaty tank top, basketball shorts and sneakers. With his short buzzed hair and his thick goatee, he just reeked of raw sexuality. His cock swinging against the thin material of his shorts always drew other's stares to his crotch and he would always wink or wickedly smile back at the person he'd caught, whether male or female, to embarrass them. 

Tonight, his grandfather had gone to bed early and he Mike decided to drop by one of the rec rooms at the retirement center where the old guys would play pool until late night. Although the guys were in their seventies and eighties, the still got around and tried to remain active. They always admired Mike's body and joked about his strength and muscles. Sometimes they would all gather around him and ask to measure his arms and chest. Mike would have to take off his shirt and while they measured and he would sometimes think the old farts were feeling him up a little too much. Sam would run his fingers throughout his hairy chest and stomach before closing the measuring tape around his chest. 

'Your chest is so hairy I need to pull apart some hair to read the measuring tape' Steve, another old guy would say. Larry, measuring his bicep would marvel in wonder as he wrapped the measuring tape on it and made sure his fingers accidentally dipped into his sweaty hairy armpit as he did so. David suddenly said, 'damn son, looks like you need a hot chic to measure that muscle for you', looking down at the growing bulge in his shorts. 'If he's hung like his grandpa, the gal better know what she's getting into,' laughed Joe. Mike put his shirt back on got his cue stick and asked who was next. 

They played for a few more hours while giving Mike a few shots of whiskey that they could no longer drink. David kept making comments on Mikes bulging shorts while they all talked about sex and Mike's many conquests. Mike talked about how he had fucked old ladies too. 

Mentioning this, Joe started to talk about how the old ladies at the center were great at giving gum jobs. Mike laughed , but it sounded interested to him. He wondered what it would feel like and his dick grew a little more. 'Looks like the man could use a gum job right now', he told the others pointing at Mike's crotch. 'Sure could boys, know any willing grandma's', he shot back, without smiling, as he made a corner shot. 'It's too late to get one now Mike, but toothless Sam here could help you out I'm sure' , he said as they all laughed. 

Mike won the game and was to play Sam next. David suddenly said 'let's bet on this one, Mike, if you win you get fifty bucks and if you lose you pay us fifty bucks'. 'Guys, I didn't bring any money, can I owe you', said Mike. 'Okay, if you lose you have to let Sam blow you', David laughed. 'He might choke on it', Mike laughed. 'Oh, just play the game,' they all cheered. 

Mike thought they were kidding and kept playing. Besides he hadn't lost a game yet tonight and saw an easy fifty bucks coming. He didn't realize that the shots of whiskey he kept having were hurting his game. Now as he watched Sam make the eight ball in the corner pocket he thought about losing the easy money. He'd bring him his fifty tomorrow he thought. 

Hey Sam 'take your dentures out, we don't want you to scrape Mike's big sausage'. 

Mike laughed, 'seriously guys I have to get going, I'll bring you the fifty tomorrow.' 

'What fifty, you said you'd let Sam blow you', David fired back in a serious tone. 

'Bill is sure to be disappointed to know his grandson didn't honor a bet', he said. 

'I'm not gay guys, I thought you were kidding before,' said Mike. 

'What, you think we're gay, it is just a bet, what we really want is to get back at Sam for punching your grandfather earlier, that is why he went to bed early, 'said Steve. 

'Yeah, I'm not gay', said Sam, 'but I feel bad for what I did, I shouldn't take advantage of that frail old guy like that'. 'Sucking your dick will humiliate him like he humiliated you grandpa' said David. 'I could just punch your head in Sam,' said Mike. 

'No Mike, that will get you in trouble and they will call the police here, just make him suck you and humiliate him, that will be worse for him anyway', David said. 

'Ok, lock all the doors, I don't want this to leave this room', said Mike. 

The guys had set this all up. They had a comfortable chair to one side of the room facing a closet. To the right side of the chair there were more closets. The old farts had set up a video camera in each closet to film Mike getting blown. Mike's cock was not fully hard but had grown to ten inches at the thought of getting blown. 

'Mike sit here so you'll be comfortable', said David. 

'Yeah, and take of your shorts and sneakers and shirt', said Steve. 

All eyes were glued to him as he took off his shorts and let his long sweaty cock dangle out. The mean looking hairy muscle man was now sitting naked surrounded by old guys. Just relax so at least you enjoy it. 

'Steve give him one of your famous rub downs before Sam sucks him so that he relaxes', said Joe. Steve started to massage Mike's neck and shoulders. Mike's cock was still not fully hard so he started to think of the bitches he had fucked lately. 

'You're just tense big guy', said Steve as he rubbed his hairy pectoral muscles. 

'Why don't you guys rub his feet', he said to Joe and David. 'Sam, its time for you to get started, take your dentures out.'

Mike stared in awe as the old geezer took out his teeth and put them on the edge of the pool table. He kneeled down and gentle grabbed hold of Mike's enormous erection with his wrinkle bony fingers. Mike's breathing became heavy as he felt the man's hot mouth take the head of his cock in. Sam sucked hard and felt the cock in his mouth finally grow to a full eleven and a half inches. He clamped his gums down and squeezed the cock as he started to go down on the shaft. 

'Yeah, feel that hot mouth on your cock, Mike, see how good a gum job feels', whispered Steve as he rubbed his fingers through the long silky black hair on Mike's chest and stomach. 

Mike moaned as he felt the old guy steadily bobbing up and down on his shaft. 

The old man had five inches in his mouth now and Mike grabbed his hair and said 'if you're going to be punished you are going to do it all the way, bitch,' lightly slapping the man across the cheek, then pushing his mouth back down on his cock till he felt the back of the old guy's throat. 

He pushed relentlessly until he went past and had the old man all the down his shaft looking up at his eyes in disbelief. He had and eleven and a half-inch fat cock down his throat. Steve told Mike to let go of Sam's head and let David take care of forcing it down. Mike let go and put his arms behind his head, and was just realizing that he was sitting there naked with a toothless old geezer sucking his dick and all these old men rubbing his body, massaging his feet. He started to tense and new he was going to cum. 

'Fucking mouth feels so good on my dick, God, guys I'm going to cum', he said. 

'Don't worry big guy, just let it all out, we'll make sure his head stays right there and swallows every drop', said Joe. 

'FUUUUUUUUUUCK, YEAAAAAAAAAAAH, TAKE IT ALL,' roared Mike as Sam choked on his cock. 

Mike was sweating profusely and couldn't believe what he just did. He finally got up as the men patted him on the back congratulating him and thanking him for helping them out. 

'See how good it is to get your dick sucked without teeth, there are plenty of other toothless guys to suck you around here if you ever get horny', said David. 

'That was just for the bet you guys, I fuck chicks,' said Mike. 

'But you gotta admit it was good', responded David. 

'Well, uhm, yeah I have to say it was really good', said Mike. 

'Well I think you should punish Sam every time you feel like it, he should know not to mess with your Grandpa' said David. 'I think that was enough, guys, anyway I'll drop by tomorrow night after the gym to see Gramps,' said Mike. 

Mike left, still thinking about the homosexual act he had just participated in. He was not into guys at all, but that mouth felt so good, and the way the rubbed him all over as he was getting sucked. Nothing had ever felt so delicious. 

The old geezers had their tape. Now they could blackmail Mike to let them suck his dick or get him to fuck them whenever they wanted. They had a muscular mean hairy straight guy that they were going to have fuck them. 

To be continued...

If you liked this story email me your suggestions for part 2...