 Warning: This document contains Adult Material. If it is illegal where you live to view adult material, leave now! If you find Adult material offensive, you may also leave now.

If you have not left, then it is assumed you are either not illegal and you would not be offended by the content of this story. 

*****

David couldn't believe how easy it was to convince the hot stud to let Sam blow him. He fell for that cockamamie story. 

When they told Bill, he couldn't believe it until he saw Mike, his own grandson, on video being sucked off by Sam and enjoying it. Cum was still dripping off Sam's chin as Mike rushed off, somewhat embarrassed by what he'd just done with his grandfather's pals. 

"Damn, I wish I could've been there", said Bill.

"You can, if you leave it up to me", said David. 

"You see, if you didn't believe what happened, unless you saw it with your own eyes, Mike would have to do it again with you watching, or else he wouldn't be helping his grandpa feel avenged", said David.

"But he'd never agree to do that in front of me, his own grandpa", said Bill.

"That is the best part of all, I will tell him that he can wear a mask so nobody can recognize him. The good part is that you will get to suck him and he won't be able to say no for fear of you recognizing his voice," David finished with an evil chuckle. 

Bill hesitated, but thinking of his grandson's sexy body, he quickly agreed.

David called Mike and told him what happened. 

"Your Grandpa wants to see it for himself Mike. If you're upset, just think how Sam feels now that he has to blow your big dick again. You know, his throat is still sore," lied David. 

"I just can't do it in front of my grandpa, it is too weird, he might think I'm gay or something", said Mike. 

"Mike, do you think I'm stupid, I wouldn't put you in that situation, I want you to wear a mask and I will tell him you are some guy we paid that wants to remain anonymous," said David.

There was a long silence and then Mike said "ok but anything gets out I'll fucking kill you guys".

Mike showed up that night at around ten in his sexy workout shorts and tank top. He couldn't believe he was doing this but his dick was getting hard thinking about the blowjob. He wasn't turned on by the guys, but that mouth felt so good and was able to take his big fat eleven and a half inches all the way down. None of his bitches could do that. 

David greeted Mike at the rec room and told him that his grandpa would be down in an hour. They played a little pool and they gave Mike a few shots of whiskey to relax him. 

Mike was feeling uninhibited and horny as hell when finally Joe brought out the mask he was to wear. It was a leather hood with holes for the nose and mouth. It assured him that no one would be able to recognize him unless he spoke. 

Mike got undressed, put his mask on and sat in the chair. As before, the old geezers had set up the cameras to record the action. The cameras had even captured Mike as he slipped on the mask.

He waited and finally his grandpa walked in. 

"Damn, is this the muscular man that is going to humiliate Sam for me," asked Bill. 

"Yep, he is going to get back at Sam for you, right before your very eyes," said David.

"Sam is going to pay dearly by the size of that cock," said Bill.

"Bill why don't you massage his shoulders a little to get him relaxed, after all he is straight and needs to get into it," said David. 

"Sure, I mean he is doing me a favor isn't he," said Bill.

Bill started to massage his shoulders and his sexy chest as Sam knelt down and began to suck his dick. 

"Just relax and enjoy it at least, big guy, Sam sucks better than a woman," whispered Bill in his grandsons mask as he slowly massaged his big powerful heavy pecs. 

Mike couldn't believe his grandfather was massaging him as he got sucked off by one of his pals. 

"The only way I would feel I got my revenge is if Sam got fucked up the ass like he deserves" announced Bill. 

Mike was shocked and panicked but couldn't say anything. 

"Get up off there Sam, and get him naked guys," demanded Bill. "I am going to watch him get fucked by this big cock using my own spit as lube to further humiliate him." 

Mike watched without being able to speak as his grandpa kneeled down and took his cock in his mouth. His grandpa looked up to his masked face as he sucked. 

It was already too long to be just lubing him up and Mike was wondering what was going on until his grandpa took his dick out of his mouth and said "I just want to get it good and wet with my saliva," then went right back to slobbering on the juicy cock. 

When he was done, Sam was already in position on the floor. He was on his back and David and Steve were holding his legs up by the ankles. Mike could see his wrinkled little ass. 

"Come on stud, rape that bastard for me," said Bill. 

Mike was fucking horny, and looked at David who nodded and grinned knowingly. His dick was dripping with his grandfather's saliva as his big muscular body knelt between Sam's legs and pointed his throbbing dick to the hole. 

He felt his grandfather behind him whisper 

"do it stud". 

Then he pushed his cock head until the head spread open the moist hot sphincter muscle. Sam yelled out but Steve covered his mouth. Mike never new an old farts ass could feel so good and tight and hot. He pushed in further and his whole dick went in to the pubes. 

Now he was getting into it and lost control. He grabbed Sam ankles from Steve and David's hands and put them on his shoulders. Then he stretched his own legs behind them until he was on tip toes and his palms were flat on the floor. Now his dick could go all the way in and he could fuck the old guy like a savage animal. 

He didn't notice but about ten other old guys some with canes, had come into the room and were gathered around the scene. He was too horny to care and just kept fucking as he felt many old hands feeling his body. 

He moved Sam to an all fours position and kept fucking him in long slow strokes, almost as if he was putting up a show for the old men. Then he began fucking like an animal again and after ten minutes Sam screamed and pulled off saying he couldn't take it anymore. Mike went towards him to get him back, he wasn't finished. Then suddenly a short little old guy about under five feet tall grabbed his dick and said 

"please big guy, you can finish in my ass", as he turned around and exposed his tiny ass. 

Mike was lost in lust and just grunted as he impaled the little midget. Then he spun the midget man around and carried him in the air as he fucked him. After the midget couldn't take it anymore, another old guy offered his ass. He then looked over and it was his grandfather with his ass up in the air. 

To be continued......

Let me know if you enjoyed this installment email me at the link below.