 Billie's Sore Ass: Sexual Fraternity Hazing

[Readers, be assured all events take place between men who are 18 and older. There are no minors or Appalachian miners depicted here. Most are college guys who range from 18 to 32 years old. A few older men do appear towards the end of the story to add a mature balance. All characters in this story are based on real people. If you recognize yourself please sign yourself in under the comments section.]

Of course I am gay, just look at me; tall and slender, long bleached blond surfer boy hair, a redone bobbed nose, a bit of dental cosmetics to cure an uneven saw toothed smile and an earring in my right ear. I love to wear tight spandex muscle t-shirts with the 'V' neckline as if I had tits. I do have nice pecs and a great ass if I must say so. I wear long tight pants that show off my legs and ass. Baby, I can talk the gay lingo with those important pauses and inflections when I want too without resorting to the limp wrist. You know what I mean?

My name is Billy Bush, no I'm not that guy on TV who got fired for just listening to some crude presidential pussy talk. Shit, it wasn't even his fault. My moniker is just a common name. 

I grew up in San Diego, my Mom raised me. My Dad went off surfing with a boyfriend when I was two years old and never came back. I don't mean he drowned, I mean he took off with his gay lover. With the exception of few postcards from Brazil years ago, I don't know if he is alive or dead. 

My mom started me in school a bit late because of my birth date, so I was always a little older than the other kids. My grandfather, Grandpa, my Mom's Dad, dyed to have me int to private church school for high school. Gramps always referred to my Dad as 'a fucking faggot run off.' If gayness is an inherited gene I guess that's where I got it from.

Sensing I'd be bullied, Grandpa sent me to Jo-Lu's Karatee Academy (I don't know why there is an extra 'e' in Karate but Jo-Lu didn't speak much English). I studied under Jo-Lu for 4 years until I learned how to protect myself. 

When Winston Kedrow started picking on me that summer I gave him a straight arm that broke his ugly nose. After that the bullies left me alone although I thought some of the rougher guys were attractive. Gramps had to pay off the Kedrow family to keep it quiet.

I had done did my senior career paper on communication. I particularly wanted become a TV weatherman. I fell in love with Don Segal, the San Diego Weatherman. He was the cutest mustached guy I'd ever seen, with his tight pants and shapely ass. God I must have masturbated every night to his 11:15 weather report on WSWB, so close to the screen I blipped him in the face with cum more than once. My mother would ask why the screen was so smudged, I just rolled my eyes. 

One of that old gang was a guy named Rod Hartower. I thought he was very sexy. He was often with his 'daah' cheerleader back then. He was tall, big boned, curly brown hair and a slanted smile where he'd stick his cigarette when it wasn't behind his ear, sort of looked like a young Nick Nolte. By now we were all over 18 and I was working as a fry cook in that last summer at the McDonald's when he spotted me. Oh, he certainly remembered me. He didn't order anything, he just sat for a while . When I had my break I went to the bathroom. He followed me in. Asked me nicely,

"Do you remember me?"

Oh yeah, you used to run with that gang of bullies"

"Yeah, that was a long time ago."

"Could I ask you a favor, your gay aren't you?"

"So what?"

"Would you please to blow me."

"What about your girlfriend? Why don't you ask her?" 

"I did. She's a lousy cock sucker, guys are the best," 

Sure I blew him. He was adorable and had a great 6 inch thick cock even though it smelled like a cigarette. But I wasn't up to swallowing his secret sauce just yet. I don't swallow on first dates. I kind of caught it in my cheek and let in dribble out afterwards into the sink. Just the same he left with a big smile on his face and a wet spot on his tight jeans.

Rod returned a bunch more times, He'd say, 

"Baby, (he always called me that) I need it now, right now."

He was always very horny. If his girlfriend was away or if he just wanted my lips on his cock he'd show up, nightly. It was as if my blow jobs were therapeutic. At a certain point the manager figured out what was going on and barred him from coming in when I was doing the late night shift.

This required a change of plans. Rod would show up at closing time and park his old Ford on the far end of the parking lot where I'd meet him. Then he'd drive us to a secluded dark street where he would unfurl his gorgeous cut cock, that sprouted from a mountain of bushy blond hair. He'd lean back and he'd get erect almost instantly and I'd get to work. After he'd cum we'd both smoke a cigarette together and he would play with my hair. I was on cloud nine. That was, until he decided to share me with his cousin.

His cousin was in his mid 20's, he'd just finished a tour of three years in the Navy. According to him the Navy was one big boat of gay sailors. He described the living quarters on the cruiser he was stationed on as a gay sex club. Everyone was fucking ass and blowing each other. No wonder so many of our Navy ships crash into other boats at sea.

Cousin Harold was visiting for two weeks with Rod's family. Rod obviously told him about me and Hal insisted on coming with Rod. I was totally surprised but I was so in love with Rod that I couldn't refuse him anything. I had such a strong crush on him. Hal sat in the back seat observing me as I blew Rod. This time Rod didn't show me any affection and that hurt. He switched seats with Hal so I could work my magic on Hal. 

Hal moved up front and said to me as he pulled down his pants, 

"Listen you queer fagot. My dick is very sensitive. You gotta go real easy on it."

When I looked at what I was supposed to service I understood something was wrong. His foreskin was attached high up at the top of the shaft so in order to get to the head you had to push the foreskin back but it didn't budge. When I tried it with my hand he screamed. I tried again with my tongue and that lubed it a bit but after about a minute he pushed me away. 

"Ok faggot, let me help you some."

He began to masturbate by holding the shaft of his small, maybe it was a three inch er at the base and working up and down without disturbing the foreskin. When he was ready he grabbed my head and shoved it into my mouth. Rod from the back seat shouted, "Swallow it you queer," which hurt me. Hal said,

"Can I jerk you off Billie? In the Navy we say one good hand deserves another."

"I'm ok, but thanks anyway."

That was the last time I saw either of them. I left to start college the week after.

Sometimes guys ask me if I've ever tried pussy. At that point I hadn't. Girls were really not for me. I can dance with them and I dated a few times but most of the girls were too prissy for me. I was never interested in being a fag hag's gay friend. I preferred on my off days that summer to hang with the older surfer dudes out at the rocky beach. 

They enjoyed a blowjob inside one of the coral cove caves or more. None of those guys were homophobic. One of the older guys taught me how to take it in the ass. He was real gentle with me and it rocked my world confirming to me that I was a gay dude. It was like my ass had spoken.

You can understand my surprise, when in my freshman year at University. Please forgive me if I don't name the place but this story is between you and me and I don't want any repercussions. But if you are really curious, it's a famous Eastern University, often said to be the best Communication School in the Ivy League. (Is it Harvard? maybe) 

Long story short, I received an invitation to pledge Beta Mu Rho or BMP, one of the strongest and best fraternities on campus. The advantage of being a brother was multi. You could room in the frat house dorm at one half the cost of a college dorm, the food was much better, there were great parties every week, there were guys who would lend you their car, and if you ran short of money, small loans of $350 could be made without any interest. As soon as you paid it back you were entitled to another withdrawal. And above all there were lots of cute straight guys who might want a walk on the wild side, the wild side of my ass. So of course I was interested, wouldn't you be? I didn't know that around campus BMP stood for 'the Blow Me Pledge fraternity.'

So in early October, I went to the frat house 'Rush' meeting and met a bunch of the brothers who seemed like really nice guys. No sign of homophobia, the group was interracial, a few Blacks, a swarm of Asians and plenty of the White guys, a few latinos. Most seemed straight but you never know who is going to come on to you after a few drinks. 

The guys had brought in a caterer, they were grilling franks and burgers and there were kegs of fresh yeasty beer from the Boston Brewery that was so good you could get drunk just from the smell. A bunch of the brothers were very friendlily. Even putting their arms around me and one even pinched my ass. I felt kind of flattered.

A week later I received a letter offering me the chance to pledge. Of course I accepted and as raw recruit I attended the pledge gathering of this Skull and Bones fraternity. The first thing I noticed was the seriousness of the fraternity master president who said that the fraternity took origin over 124 years ago. 

He named a number of famous people who had been pledges. There was a Rockefeller, a Forbes, a Marciano, a Lieberman, a Cuomo, a Gates, a Kennedy, a Cluny, and Haram Sloth the famous Gay Poet who wrote with Ginsberg's Dad. A few Senators and Governors including Grey Davis who I recalled was booted out of office. There were others I wasn't conversant with such as the guy who founded the Good Humor Ice Cream Company, and of course the Green River Strangler—oh that was a joke, he said. I hoped so.

The first pledge night was easy and fun, they made us strip nude, run around the large ball room on the first floor and each of us was given 3 shots with a wooden paddle as a reminder to follow the pledge rules. The pledge period was to last 60 days. 

There was to be 2 week hiatus at the end, when the fraternity would vote us in or out. We were assured almost everyone who made it through the pledge period that ended before the winter recess were practically guaranteed to become a 'brother' and could move into the frat house after the New Year.

Each pledge was assigned to a senior brother who was to be our pledge master. I was assigned to Gary Parnell. He carefully attached a male chastity device to my cock. It was plastic with a tiny padlock. I didn't much like the sensation but I figured I'd try to hang with it. It was little messy for pissing but a shower twice a day got the whole mess clean. 

Of course I wasn't able to masturbate with that fucking contraption and as a result I was getting quit horny by the time the first week had passed.I don't know if all the other pledges got the same treatment. We were warned not to discuss personal treatment from our pledge master. 

The next week preceded Halloween. They wanted us to dunk for apples in a wooden barrel. The losers had to suck on a plastic dildos. Of course not being much of buck toothed apple athlete I was a dismal success at pulling a floating apple out of a tub of water with my teeth. The dildo deal sounded a little sick. How sick? I was to find out.

For my punishment, it was all in fun they said, I was made to get on my knees and they placed a 10 inch flesh colored dildo in my mouth. They told me to spit on it but it was not that slippery. Then one of the guys lubed it up with a spray of Pledge and that went a little easier although it now tasted soapier and horribly perfumed.

They gave us a break period after that and passed around large mugs of cold beer, that was a nice touch. I was content with one mug but then they insisted we all drink a second. I was hardly able to get it down but little by little I managed.

Of course this made me want to pee but we were forbidden to leave the room. When I couldn't help myself and the pee began to leak out I used the beer mug as a piss pot and filled it up. The master saw this from the other side of the room and shouted out, 

"What the fuck", and became furious .

Then they called me all sorts of names and put a mask over my eyes. The whole place went dark. 

"Give him the dildo to suck on," shouted someone. 

"Make him drink the piss," shouted another. 

I was pushed to my knees and someone or maybe it was two guys held my hands behind my back. Then they stuck the dildo in my mouth and I feigned sucking it. Then they pulled out, then in, then out. I think, I was woozy from the two large beers when something changed, the texture of the dildo was warm and not as smooth as before. Then they pulled it out and when they pushed it back into my mouth it felt like plastic. 

This went on for about twenty minutes and every now and then instead of the soapy plastic dildo it felt like a real dick was inserted in my mouth, some longer, some wider, some pissy, some clean,some very pissy and then the plastic ended up in my mouth again so when they took off my blindfold I could see it really was the fleshy plastic dildo was what was in my mouth.

I guessed I was hallucinating from the alcohol but I wasn't sure. As if that wasn't enough, I suspect they were dipping the dildo in my mug of piss.

So ended that night. I detected laughter directed at me from the fraternity brothers as we saluted nude in a group and were permitted to dress and leave. It was a cold New England night and Garry shouted out, 

"Billie, ya need a ride to the dorm?"

"Sure," I said, "thanks."

One of the other pledges asked if he could come but Garry said," Sorry, it's a two seater."

I kept my mouth shut but I knew it was an old light blue Chevy sedan.

Garry and I left, got into the sedan and the car started after one or two tries.

"It's just the cold, the battery is ok."

"Sounds like the starter motor," I offered.

"So now you're an auto mechanic?"

"Sorry."

We got on the road to the dorm but the windows kept fogging over.

"Hold on, I got a rag in the trunk," and Garry turned the car off the main road into a dark side street. He got out of the car and got a rag and some squirt bottle from the trunk. He handed it to me and I wiped the window clean.

"You figured out that dick dildo switcheroo, didn't ya."

"Yeah, I wasn't born yesterday."

"Listen Billie, you know you have to obey your pledge master's orders, don't cha?"

I could hear him breathing hard in the darkness, the dashboard lights gave his face an eerie glow. I knew where this conversation was going, I'd been there before. Without further instruction I unzipped Garry's pants and freed his cock, which was already erect. I bent forward to mouth him, hitting my head on the steering wheel. Garry edged closer on the bench seat so I could get closer and I blew him. His cock felt very familiar, like one I'd already met during the dildo game. He didn't take him long to cum.

"Swallow it, don't you get my car seat dirty."

I did as he asked although it was very thick and hard to get down.

"This never happened," said Garry, "you got that."

"Yes, Sir, I got it all."

When we rolled into the dorm parking lot Gary was silent. 

"Thanks for the ride Sir," I said as I exited.

"Oh, just one thing Billie, my roommate is graduating this semester, maybe you'd like to room with me after the New Year."

I didn't answer.

"Well, think about it. We could have some fun."

I got out of the car, sort of waved goodbye and headed over to the dorm.

Gary just sat there in the darkness, the lone parking light shone dimly but I could see he was smiling to himself as he zipped up his pants.

The weather stayed cold, we had some snow and the remaining pledges were issued snow shovels to dig out the sidewalks and driveway of the frat house. I was surprised that a whole bunch of the guys I'd started with had de-pledged. Obviously this pledge thing wasn't for everyone. I'd see some of these guys in class and they'd say nothing or a little like, 

"I needed more time for study."

"Fraternities are not for me."

"I ain't sucking any guy's dirty dick."

For those of us that remained, our hazing continued, we were ordered to pull the usual pranks. They would tell us to do silly things, I had to climb up and place a cum loaded condom in the hand of the snow encrusted classical Greek Goddess statue at the entrance to the University. 

Once unscrewed the placards on then bathrooms and switched the men's and lady's signs which caused all kind of embarrassment. Madeline Albright was making a speech that day and walked in right after the switch and saw some guy pissing long distance into the upright. I guess she dealt with it diplomatically.

We even dumped a bag of wet manure on the stairs of the fraternity house Alpha Rho Omega, our chief rival on the quad, and spread it at night so with the morning dew all who exited smelled like shit. One pledge, that was me, was told to stand outside the cafeteria with a box of pears and give them to sharply busty women who upon acceptance would be asked,

"Can I touch your pair?" all stupid stunts. 

That little stunt really pissed off one of the girls, Sally Hansen, she cursed and slapped my face. I found out later she was one of the fraternity brother's sister. 

The pledges got instructions that on Halloween night we were all to dress up as girls. The most provocatively dressed pledge would have one weeks respite from the hazing ritual. I was determined to win that contest. 

I shopped at H&M and found a really trashy outfit, a gold colored pair of hot pants, a tight yellow blouse that was transparent, a full bra that I filled with foam, a gold metallic colored wig, some cheap high heels in shiny patent leather. I topped it off with some funky glass beads and a rubber girdle with a built in rubber ass that gave made my ass resemble J-Lo, or a cheap hooker.

The costume contest was an easy win. They made each pledge stand on a chair and they voted by the loudest cheers. Edgar Green and I were the last two winners and I took the prize by a few extra shouts. They even took my picture. When I won I was quite pleased to be escorted into a room with four senior fraternity masters. 

I expected to be rewarded but instead they berated me and in the end they made me strip off my red panties and rubber ass girdle and told to bend over for the dildo routine, but this time without a blindfold. I was surrounded by these older members who preceded to unzip and plunk their meat in my face. Thus bared, I was told to blow each of them. This was my prize? I was to swallow all their cum, if any leaked out onto the floor I would be paddled. It seemed I'd heard this scenario before.

As the winner I expected to get some respite from the hazing but that was a false hope. At a loss, I begged them to reconsider, instead they pushed me to my knees and told me I had no choice but to service them. Of the four senior brothers, there was Willy Kassec, Dan Triumph, Leroy Jenkins and Davey Cohn.

Willy was the first, his dick was a normal 5 inches and tasted like piss. I didn't say anything and started to suck it. He grabbed my head at one point and shoved it deeper but it wasn't a really big dick. I could handle it. When he came it was just a trickle.

Dan was a big guy, I almost choked, not just on his cock but on his pubic hair. Maybe the guy was going cock bald. He was so horny he came right away. I slurped his cum up, it tasted a little like asparagus.
