 Billy sat on the single bed in what was now his new bedroom in his grandparent's house. The bed creaked under the strain of his bulk. He tried to assimilate of all that had happened that day.

His mom had just accepted a plea deal and was sentenced to 3 years for check fraud. The money wasn't even for the family's needs. It was for Frank, her latest attempt at a boyfriend. She gave the funds to Frank so he could buy his drugs. Billy knew Frank was another in a long line of losers and told her so, but she wouldn't listen to him, again.

He tried to push all that out of his mind and contemplate an immediate future without his mom around. He laid back on the bed and pondered. The first thought that came to him was "David!" He fished through his wallet to check. Yes, he still had his home number. His finger lingered over the last number to complete the call from his grandparent's landline.

David had been Billy's best friend from 9th grade through 12th. Best friend didn't cover it. David was devoted to Billy, as well as to his little brother Nathan and his mom, even buying them groceries when his mom couldn't manage it. When David finally confessed his romantic love for him, Billy had told him that he still wanted David to be his best friend but wasn't sure about anything else. Billy wasn't gay, but did love David as the best friend he had ever had, maybe more. He wasn't sure. When Billy tried to explain all this to his mother, she immediately forbade Billy from having any further contact with David.

Billy gulped and pressed the last digit to start the call. David's mom answered.

"Hi, this is Billy, David's old friend?"

"Yes, I remember you." Her voice sounded stern.

"I was hoping to speak with David."

"He doesn't live here anymore. Your mom called and told us he tried to seduce you."

"It wasn't like that. I swear. He was just honest with me about his feelings, that's all."

"Well, his father really went off on him and David left home with only the clothes on his back."

"Do...do you know how I can contact David?"

"He's probably still working at Burger King on 3rd and University. You could try there. I have no idea otherwise."

Billy ended the call with, "Thank you for your help, ma'am."

Grabbing the phone book, he looked up the number and dialed.

"Thanks for calling Burger King. This is David. How may I help you?"

Billy sounded emotionally overwhelmed, "It's really good to hear your voice again."

"Billy! I can't believe it. I've missed you so much. Does your mom know we're talking?"

"She's out of the picture for a while at least. I'm so sorry for what she did."

"Don't be. I was going to be tossed out no matter how Dad found out. Besides, I'm a Manager now and I have my own little place. I'm doing fine, although it's a little lonely."

"I've got to see you. We need to talk."

"I'm off in...2 hours. Where are you?"

"Nathan and I are staying at Gran and Gramps, for now at least. I'll take the bus and be there when you get off. See you soon."

"Cool. I can't believe were talking again. You made my day, Billy."

The bus's brakes whistled and the doors opened with a hydraulic whoosh. Billy stepped out into the mid-afternoon sun and headed down the block toward the Burger King. He had dressed his best wearing a western wear shirt, his tightest 501's and his newest boots. He glanced down over his barrel chest at his substantial belly and wondered again what had attracted David to him in the first place. No one else, boy or girl, had ever said those 3 magical words to him.

As he entered, he looked for David but couldn't see him. So, he ordered a small Diet Coke and sat near the back of the dining room where he could watch the door to the kitchen. 20 minutes later, David emerged in his white dress shirt and tie with a beaming smile on his face. Billy noticed that David had apparently bulked up his upper body and arms since he had last seen him, augmenting his prior 'swimmer's' build. David now appeared more like a 6' gymnast. David's brown hair was longer and styled in a blow wave and he sported a mustache and a 'soul patch' now. Billy stood and accepted David's 2-handed shake.

David opened with, "I can't believe this. I thought I'd never see you again."

Billy's had a serious look, "We've got to talk, but not here."

They headed out to the parking lot to load into David's humble old beater of a car. David set the passenger seat fully back and half reclined to accommodate Billy's 6'2", 300 lb. frame into his compact car. Once inside, Billy began, "Can you forgive me?" as he clouded up and began to shake.

David caressed his shoulder, "For what, Billy?"

Billy sobbed, "I should have talked about my feelings with you and not my Mom. It didn't need to end the way it did. I've regretted it ever since."

"Of course, I forgive you. I still love you and always will. What do you need to tell me about your feelings?"

"After Mom forced me to break off our friendship, I felt so lonely. I never realized how much I took our relationship and your company for granted. You were always there, not just for me but for all 3 of us. I've never had a friend like you, either before or since. When I thought about the feelings you expressed for me, I remembered the few times we ever hugged and how much it actually meant to me. I don't think of myself as gay. I'm not attracted to any other guys, but I do love you. I should have told you that I just needed time to adjust to the idea of being with you that way. It could have worked out. I was just too scared to admit it then."

"Really? I assumed I had pissed you off. The things your Mom said...I thought they came from you."

"No way, man. She went ballistic all on her own. I never told her you tried to 'seduce' me. Have you found someone else since then?"

"No, Billy. I didn't even try. I couldn't imagine loving someone else as much as I love you. I think of you as my soulmate. I knew I could never replace you in my heart."

"You said you have a place. Can we go there? I really need to be alone with you now."

David started his aged Mazda Protégé. "Buckle up! It's only 10 blocks away." The seat belt barely reached to click over Billy's prodigious bulk.

On the way, Billy asked, "What attracted you to me in the first place? I know I'm no prize. You remember how I got shot down every time I tried to talk to a girl back in school. They all laughed at me for even trying."

"I knew I was gay and wanted someone your size even before puberty. I can't explain why, but I knew it for certain. When you sat in front of me in World History, I could feel you were the one for me. The way you carry your weight, your soft smile and cherub cheeks, those dreamy blue-green eyes, your manly bearing and deep voice all had me enthralled. When you agreed to hang out after school, my heart raced. Then, when we got to your place and you pulled out your guitar and sang to me, that was it. I knew I loved you that first day. I didn't have any previous experience then or any strategy, so I just made sure we would be together. If it was only going to be a friendship, so be it. I'd make it the closest friendship ever. It took almost 4 years for me to build up the courage to tell you how I really felt."

David parked beside his tiny converted garage apartment. Billy struggled slightly disembarking from the compact 4 door. As they entered the meager dwelling, Billy pulled David into a warm bear hug and whispered, "I've needed to do this for so long." David wrapped his arms around Billy's barrel chest, his fingers barely touching. He laid his head on Billy's shoulder and they swayed together for a couple of minutes.

Billy broke the silence, "You said you had no experience when we met. Is that still the case now?"

"Well, I did meet this older big guy at the Convention Center and we had a brief session together while he was in town. I knew it wasn't going to lead to a relationship, but I was happy to least have the experiences he provided, even if he wasn't totally gentle or safe about it. I got tested afterward and everything came back negative."

"Good. At least one of us has an idea where to start."

"You mean you're ready to try it now?"

"Yes, definitely!"

"Ok, let's start slow and see how you feel about it."

David started slowly popping the snaps on Billy's western wear shirt. Taking his que, Billy loosened and removed David's tie before addressing the buttons on his dress shirt. Once their shirts were off, David moved in close and nuzzled into Billy's lightly haired, broad chest. The reddish auburn hairs were soft and tickled his nose. He then started nibbling Billy's shoulder with his lips, moving to his neck. Billy shuddered, "Wow, that feels amazing, David. Let me try that now."

Billy did his best to mimic David's soft touch and gentle nibbles. David whimpered, "I can't believe this is finally happening. I've dreamed of this for the last 6 years."

Billy raised his face to meet David's eyes. His breath had quickened with his excitement. He tentatively placed his lips against David's. Their mutual passion ignited and they fell into a delirious, deep kiss as their hands explored each other's bare torsos.

While continuing the passionate kiss and swooning, David grabbed Billy's belt at each hip and began to slowly and sensuously grind his crotch into Billy's and felt their engorged members bouncing off each other. Billy pinned David's tongue between his teeth without biting and emitted a high-pitched moan. His body trembled and his hips bucked as he began unloading into his shorts. He released David's tongue and nearly crushed him in their embrace as his body spasmed with each subsequent eruption while tears welled in his eyes.

As Billy resettled after his orgasm, David asked with concern, "You ok, Billy?"

"Ok? That was incredible. I've never experienced anything as intense."

"But why the tears?"

"I thought about what my mom put you... put us through. We should have done this years ago."

"Don't worry about it. The past is the past. We're together now and I couldn't be happier about it."

"Same here." Billy smiled and took David back into his bear hug.

David eventually backed off the embrace and inspected Billy's jeans. "I can't do much but soak your underwear, but I think I can clean up and dry your jeans. Why don't you jump through a shower while I attend to these?"

Billy sat on the bed while David removed his boots and socks for him. Billy unhitched his belt and removed the over-sized jeans and handed them to David leaving only the messy boxers on as he headed for the tiny bathroom. As Billy showered, David grabbed a wash cloth from the tiny cupboard in the kitchen and wiped down the 4-inch diameter wet spot both inside and outside. Moving to his tiny dressing table, he produced his blow dryer and had the jeans presentable before Billy emerged clutching a tented bath towel that didn't quite reach all the way around his midsection in his right hand and his rinsed and rung out boxers in his left with a mischievous grin on his face.

Billy dropped both the towel and his boxers and grabbed David's left wrist and moved his hand to his stiff, thick 5.5" cut endowment. His look went from mischievous to urgent, "I want you...us...whatever this is, I'm more than ready, I'm desperate." He planted a desperately passionate kiss on David to punctuate the sentence.

After a minute-long tongue wrestling match, David broke off, "I've only had the one experience, but it taught me a lot. Your whole body can be a sex organ. There's still a lot of territory to be explored before we rush to the finish line. I can lead you. Let me make this as memorable for you as I want it to be for me."

Billy responded, "As long as we can start now."

David led Billy and directed him onto his back on the thankfully but inexplicably full-sized furnished bed.

He pulled both of Billy's wrists above his head. "Now, leave your hands up here. Close your eyes and pay attention to your skin sense. Let me know when you're enjoying what's happening. If it gets too intense and you think your gonna cum, just say... Rutabaga, Ok?"

"Rutabaga...Got it." Billy closed his eyes.

David began dancing his tongue just under Billy's jaw line, left and right, receiving a steady 'Ahhhhh' from Billy. He ventured up to Billy's left ear and lightly traced the perimeter before flicking the cartilage near the orifice. "Rutabaga, Rutabaga!!!!" David backed off and noted a primary target.

Moving South, David breathed deeply through his nose at Billy's freshly washed but still pheromone rich left armpit. He swooned and dove in passionately with a twirling tongue and nibbling teeth. Billy gave out a grunt and repeatedly spasmed in a tacit 'Rutabaga'.

Continuing on to Billy's nipples, David cupped both hands around Billy's left breast and lavished his tongue around the areola and fluttered lightly across the very tip of the nipple receiving a steady moan and squirm from Billy. David moved to the right breast but this time applied suction, pulling the right nipple a half inch further into his mouth. Maintaining the suction, he flicked the full nipple faster and more aggressively. "Rutabaga!" David took note again.

Further South lay the 'Promised Land', Billy's magnificently rounded belly, the first feature to attract David to Billy. David moved all the way down to Billy's belly button, plunging his speared tongue repeatedly an inch deep while gathering Billy's belly up with his arms and kneading his full breasts. David nearly had to call his own 'Rutabaga'. Billy seemed to go into a trance with his back arched and releasing an unconscious sounding, "Ehhhhhh."

Entering the home stretch, David spread Billy's thighs and planted his face into the crease between Billy's left thigh and the layer of padding under Billy's belly, his tongue dancing and teeth nibbling again while knuckling Billy's perineum. A breathless "Ruta..,Ruta" was all Billy could annunciate. Billy's manhood stood strong and proud and bounced to the beat of his heart.

"One last test." David announced as he moved all the way down to Billy's feet and began worshiping his toes with his mouth, suckling each one independently and then holding Billy's big and adjoining toes tightly together and spearing his tongue between them.

"Ehhhhh, ehhhhh" Billy eyes were glazed and he seemed sensorially exhausted, overwhelmed by all the stimulation.

David chimed in, "You see, we never had to involve any 'Sex Organs'."

"Don't leave me like this, David." Billy pleaded in a whimper.

David moved back up to his crotch and knuckled his perineum again while licking and lifting each egg-sized orb independently. Billy moaned and reached down to grab the bedspread on either side. David then flicked his tongue back and forth across the underside of Billy's turgid, pulsating member, moving up the shaft slowly. Once at the wet tip, David pushed firmly on the base of his shaft with the palm of his free hand, kneading the throbbing organ into the padding below the belly while fluttering his tongue sideways across Billy's 'miracle inch' just below the tip.

"Oh My God...Oh My God...Unffff" Billy exclaimed as he bucked and began painting the underside of his belly with his 2nd sizeable load. David moved up to place his face on Billy's chest and hug his girth as he rode out the quaking orgasm into afterglow with him.

Billy's eyes were still glazed and fixed on some point beyond the ceiling as he dreamily mused, "Oh David...I never dreamed...If I had only known how... Your tongue on my body...I feel like I'm floating!"

After a minute, David slinked off the bed to retrieve the wash cloth and returned to wipe up the mess they had created. He gently kissed the head of Billy's deflating member. As he arose, David heard, "Wow, Dude. Look at your pants!" David was still in his slacks and socks. He bowed his head and saw both the coaster-sized wet spot centered on his left hip pointer and the bulge of his still erect, 7" missile.

Billy went for David's belt. David held his wrist and explained, "Please don't feel obligated to do anything you're uncomfortable with. If all you ever wanted to do is what we just did, I'd be perfectly happy. It was totally fulfilling for me. My whole body was tingling when you came."

"I want to experience and pleasure your body like you did mine. I'm probably not going to have your talent, but I really want to try it."

David allowed Billy to unhitched the belt and unhook the fly. Billy gently lowered the zipper and gave a easy tug that landed the trousers around David's ankles. Billy tentatively touched David's generous endowment through his tighty-whities. He fingered the briefs at each hip and slowly lowered them until the object of his attention spring boarded free and pointed straight at the ceiling. Billy noted David's equipment was just as thick as his own but longer with a slightly tapered head.

Remembering that his morning shower had probably worn off while working in the warm kitchen David offered, "I can take another shower first. I might need it after working today."

Billy ran his nose through David's bushy pubic hair and inhaled. "I like you just the way you are. Now, lay down. It's my turn."

David assumed the receiving position and Billy went to work with a vigor that surprised them both. While Billy's tongue wasn't as nimble as David's, it had a coarseness that compensated and provided plenty of stimulation in its own way.

Billy began replicating David's guided tour of potential 'hot spots' and fed off David's vocalized, passionate responses. When he sampled the aroma at David's arm pit, he gave out a set of animalistic huffs and then savaged the bushy hollow while David squirmed and panted. Billy emerged with a crazed look and immediately dove for David's belly button, planting his face and wagging his head, spearing the slight divot and swiping his flattened tongue left and right across the lower abdomen. David spasmed and brought his hands down to Billy's head, following his action without leading it. "Oh Billy! I'm so close!" Billy could taste the precum that had already pooled in David's navel and gave out that high-pitched whine again with his eyes screwed tight.

Billy popped up for air and moved a little further South and grasped the base of David's ample manhood and opened wide to take in the top 5 inches, feeling the head spread his tonsils and tap the back of his throat. "Oh Billy! Your mouth his so hot and wet." Billy unconsciously guarded his teeth and began earnestly bobbing his head, keeping his fairly rough tongue curved to cover as much of the front of the shaft as possible and flicking the tip at the top of each pass. "Mmmmmmmm. That's perfect, Billy."

A minute later, while still massaging Billy's hair, David arched his back and moaned, "Not gonna last...Oh God...Get ready!" From the desperate, responsive whines he was making, David knew Billy was cresting again right along with him and had no intention of backing off for the finale.

"Here it comes!" David thrust his hips and unleashed a week's supply of seed into Billy's mouth and throat in 8 strong torrents.

Two blasts in, Billy half-screamed a whine, and began quaking in a sympathetic body orgasm. After the 8th bolt from David, Billy swallowed and released his grip and let him fall from his mouth then laid the side of his face against David's crotch and felt the pulsing continue against his cheek. They were both spent and gasping for breath. "Wow, Billy. That was fabulous."

Billy moved up to hug David. He confessed, "I was worried what I would feel about what I just did. It was amazing and I loved it all. I think I loved it because I love you."

David interjected, "There's still one more thing to try so you know what the full experience is like."
