 "Hey," I said, walking into his house.

"Hey," he said back.

We both walked into his living room and turned on the video game console.

"We're playing COD4, right?" I asked.

"Of course." He replied.

We played for a few minutes, and then the doorbell rang.

"Who's that?" I asked.

"Jesse." Mike ran down the stairs and let Jesse in through the door. Jesse and Mike went back up the stairs and we all continued to play COD4.

"Hold on," Mike said, "let me change into something a little more...comfortable." He left, and Jesse and I looked at each other strangely but continued to play COD4.

About two minutes later her came down in a white bathrobe that went two-thirds down to his knee. We looked at him funnily but all played the video game.

"It's getting really hot in here," Jesse said. He took off his jeans and revealed a pair of blue-plaid boxers. Through one of the boxer legs I could see his long and delicate penis, his scrotum, and a neatly-trimmed pubic-hair region. His penis was about four inches flaccid. Jesse noticed me looking at his member. "What, would you like to touch it?"

"Um, sure," I replied. Jesse took off his shirt and boxers and revealed a lightly-toned body and hairless armpits. I leaned over to touch his member, but he said "ah-ah-ah, not yet. You have to take off your clothes too."

So I did, and took off my pants, shirt, and boxers. My penis was already beginning to become erect, and I was a little embarrassed. At the site of my penis, Jesse's own began to become erect. Jesse got up and whispered into my ear, "suck it," and delicately licked my cheek. This made me very excited and I felt as if I had to cum. I looked over at Mike and saw him massaging his penis through his bathrobe. I got on my knees and started to play with Jesse's almost-hardened penis. It quickly became fully erect, and was about seven inches in length, compared to my six.

"Can I just masturbate you, at least for now?

"Go ahead," Jesse said. I sat down on the couch beside him and with my right hand I pumped his member. His eyes were closed and his mouth was slightly open. "Faster," he said, and started to moan.

"Mike, come over here," I said. He walked over to me and I said quietly, "take off your robe and suck me, please." He did as he was told and the sight of his erect penis, which was also about six inches, made me cum. My semen exploded all over Jesse's torso and he came too. His cum shot at least three feet into the air and he squealed as his semen came out in short, quick bursts. The orgasm that I had was extremely intense, the best one I ever had, but I was still extremely hard. "Lick me clean," I ordered Mike, for there was still some cum on my penis head. He got on his knees and started to lick the cum off of my member. Eventually it was cleaned, and without me asking to, Mike started to suck me. Jesse was also still erect, and I continued to masturbate him. He occasionally squealed and moaned.

The feeling of my penis in Mike's mouth was incredible. I felt his tongue delicately massaging my engorged member inside his mouth. His saliva was warm and moist, and he stroked the base of my penis, even though he already had a good five inches in his mouth.

Mike, also, at this point, exploded and cum shot everywhere. Some of it got on my chest and others got on Jesse's pale, but sexy legs. "Oh, god," Jesse screamed, and both he and I orgasmed at the same time again. He leaned over and started to kiss me, and his right hand stroked the right side of my face. Mike was still sucking me, and I was still masturbating Jesse.

After we had all orgasmed another three or for times, the three of us laid on the couch, exhausted. I rested upon Jesse's chest, and Mike played with my now-flaccid penis.

I felt horny again, so I got up and said, "Mike, let me suck you. Let me suck you harder than you've ever been sucked. I want you to cum, hard."

This made him very excited, and he got up so that I could suck his now engorged member.

Jesse also seemed to get very excited, as he said "Suck me too. Suck both of us." I was intrigued by this idea, but did not know if I could fit BOTH cocks in my mouth. However, I was very willing to try. Jesse got up and stood next to mike, and both boys were in front of me as I was sitting on the couch.

Before I could make any move, Mike grabbed the back of my head and shoved his cock in my mouth. I grabbed Jesse's cock and pulled him closer to me so that I could put his member in my mouth.

It was a very tight squeeze, but I could fit both penises into my mouth. My mouth was filled with luscious cock and I was loving every moment of it. I started to move my head back and forth and managed to get at least four or so inches of each of their cocks into my mouth. The feeling must have been very erotic for both Jesse and Mike, because besides being sucked on, their dicks were rubbing against each other inside my mouth.

Since I had two free hands, I decided to massage both of their scrotums. Jesse had large, perfectly-shaped balls, and Mike had small balls but still a very large scrotum.

I delicately moved their testicles in between my fingers and I could hear them groaning in pleasure.

"Make me cum now, make me cum now," Jesse shouted, "I need to cum. Go faster. Feel my large, hard cock in your mouth." He took my head and shoved it against his body so that all of his cock was in my mouth. I felt like I had to vomit so I took both cocks out of my mouth. Because of all the stimulation, Jesse's pale and straight, but beautiful, cock had grown to at least eight inches, and Mike's fat, dark member had grown to about seven.

Mike did not have that much pubic hair, but I caringly stroked it before sucking both of them again.

"Go ahead," Mike said, "suck me up until I cum. Harder than ever." This made me very excited, so I put both Jesse and Mike's penises back into my mouth and started stroking their thighs. With my tongue I licked their penis heads while they were inside my mouth. I made my tongue go in circular motions around each penis and I could hear Jesse squealing, for he was very vocal. I could also hear both of their breathing get rhythmic as I moved my mouth back and forth around their luscious, thick shafts.

Magically, both Mike and Jesse came at the same time. I could feel the cum flowing through their penises as the white liquid came out of their openings.

They both must have had intense orgasms, because they both audibly screamed.

Cum was flooding into my mouth and dripping out the sides of it. It was too much to hold in so I took one gulp and swallowed as much as I could. The rest just slipped out of my mouth and fell onto couch.

After both Mike and Jesse had taken their cocks out of my mouth, they gave each other a look that was quite mysterious to me. They smiled at each other, and then went down on me. Jesse put my stiff cock in his mouth, and mike went in between my spread legs and sucked on my balls. With all the stimulation, my legs started to shake like mad. I could feel Jesse expertly moving his tongue around my shaft and head. I was getting so much pleasure that my penis was HURTING - in a good way, of course.

My scrotum was being caressed in a way previously unimaginable. Mike was gently sucking on different parts, and it felt as if my balls were going to explode with semen.

Of course, in a matter of only thirty seconds, I came harder than I had ever came before. I could feel my cock throbbing as it let out load after load of hot, sticky, and white cum. My body shot up and shook for what seemed like hours. Jesse's eyes shut close as he swallowed what seemed like gallons of semen. After he took my engorged member out of his mouth, he saw that there was a small drop of cum on my penis head, and lovingly and caringly licked it up and smiled at me.

Mike gave one final lick of my balls and then stood up.

"Rotate?" Jesse said exhaustedly, and laughed.