 This is my first submission. This is all true. 

*

It was September 2000. I was 36 with 2 young children. I had been searching online for another guy in my situation, that is, married with kids, but really gay. I was 36 and had met various men for quick encounters for the last 8 years. My first time having sex with a man was AFTER I was married to a woman. I had always been attracted to men, but never had the courage to follow up on my desires. I had gay videos and magazines to jack off to, until the internet allowed for meeting other guys. Finding another married guy who was compatible and available had been impossible to find. Until now.... 

I met "Sid" chatting on gay.com. He sounded perfect: 31, 5'6", married, bottom. I'm 5'8" and a top, so I like guys smaller than me to fuck. I had fucked a few gay guys who were out, but they seemed to not appreciate my situation of having to sneak away to have sex. Sid and I agreed to meet at a mall parking lot the next day. If we hit it off, we would get a hotel room. I was off that day and he was going to take a long lunch. 

I always liked hotel sex best. No worries of the wife coming home and no worry of evidence left. No giving out your home address, either. Just have to cough up the cash, but it's worth it. 

I waited nervously in my SUV, anxious for him to show up, dreading him standing me up. When he pulled up in his Audi, we rolled our windows down and I invited him into my vehicle, which he accepted. With my first glance at him as he got in with his briefcase, I was pleased. He was short and fit(yum), black hair, green eyes, well dressed (he worked in finance) and chiseled good looks. He mentioned he had shopped at the men's clothes store we parked by. "So you want to go to the hotel?" I asked. "Sure, let's go." 

The Microtel cost about $40. We split it, but I got the room in my name. Once inside, Sid took off his clothes and neatly laid them on a chair. When he went into the bathroom, I noticed a name badge that had his real name on it. He had called himself "Kip" during our online chat. I can't describe it any other way but to say when we lay together naked and kissed, fireworks went off in my head. It was like our bodies were made for each other. I was 5'8", 160 lbs, blond hair, blue eyes, smooth body and a 7"x6" thick cock. Sid was 5'6", 140 lbs., kinda hairy with a small dick and a beautiful muscled ass. We kissed and sucked each other, rubbing our bodies together. We got in my favorite position, Sid straddled my head as I lie face up. He sucked my cock, while I licked his hole, balls, and cock. When we were both ready for fucking, he wanted to sit on my cock. I was kind of used to that having such a thick dick. He got a bottle of lube from his briefcase saying he kept it handy just in case he needed it (was he a slut or what?!?). We didn't mention a condom because we had already made it clear that we were both clean-cut married men who didn't go to gay bars, but we trusted each other. 

As Sid lowered himself onto my lubed bare cock, he winced, but slowly he worked it all the way in. "Don't move" he instructed, as he got used to the size inside his stretched hole. Then he started to raise himself up and down, sweetly caressing my hard cock with the muscles of his asshole. I prefer to be more a power top with me on top, but he knew what he wanted. As his pumping on my cock got faster, I could hold back no longer. I started to pump my hips up to meet his downward motion. Then taking him how I like best with him laying flat face down on the bed with me on his back, grinding my cock into his ass, arms and legs entwined, me biting his ear and licking his face telling him how great his ass is and how I'm going to fill it with my cum. I had discovered early on that I like to be in control. Sid seemed to not be so pleased with this position, but he pushed up his ass to accept every pump I made. Then I told him to tell me to cum inside him. "Cum inside me!, Oh my God, cum inside me!" With a fast pump into him, I came and came. It is the strongest desire I have, to cum inside another man's ass. Sid took it all, but didn't cum himself. He said he didn't cum unless he had a cock in his ass, so I sucked him off and kept my cock inside him, pumping half-hard. Sid arched his back and I swallowed his load. 

We lay together in bed, hugging and talking about our lives and how we got to this point. We had both grown up Catholic. Both always knew we liked guys since we were kids. Both married and had kids and were close to our parents and extended family. We had both traveled to Europe. We didn't want to hurt our families, but had a need that was overwhelming. We met each other's needs and felt complete in our lives now. It was perfect.

Sid then did something so beautiful. He turned on his side, facing away from me. He eased his ass against me and reached back for my cock. He lovingly placed my cock inside his still wet hole. I reached my arms around him, and started to fuck him again. I wasn't sure if I could cum again, but we just rocked back and forth together in a spooning hug. Sid pushed his ass back against me, like he was begging for more cum inside him. I hugged him close and pushed my cock deep into him, spurting more cum into his sloppy ass. He turned his head and we kissed so passionately, I again saw stars. I had never had such an emotional experience in my life. He had taken my heart. 

We eventually showered together and got dressed. We agreed to meet again as soon as possible, with me basically laying out a game plan for us to meet weekly on my day off work when my wife worked. I didn't want to let him get away without knowing how special he was. We kissed and he left the room. I couldn't stop smiling thinking about Sid.

To be continued... 