 Bingo. It's a word that I think I picked up from my old man years ago, and like my father, I didn't use it in the context of the game, but as an exclamation like Eureka! or Aha!, serving as a confirmation to myself that I was right about something.

I used it one Friday evening after work, but said it under my breath, the word unheard over the din of several shower heads blasting out spray onto the other men in the locker room of my health club.

The person I was right about was the man standing across from me in the shower room, my co-worker Ken Suzuki, and if I hadn't been able to it figure out before that evening, the way he was staring at me while I rinsed the lather off of my body left no doubt as to his leanings.

My name is Jim House, and I'm a 28 year old computer analyst who has worked at the same firm since I got out of college. I used to claim to be bisexual in my younger days, and while if anyone ever asked I might still make the same claim, but nobody cares these days, thankfully.

My new co-worker Ken is ageless; if I had to guess I would say that my Japanese-American co-worker might be in his early 30's, but he has a boyish look and enthusiasm that makes him appear younger than that. The firm put him in a cubicle near me, and we seemed to hit it off pretty well from the start.

That was how we ended up in the showers together. Ken had asked me where I went after work in such a hurry and I had explained about the health club I was a member of. I liked to get my workout over and done with before going home for the evening, because I knew that if I went home I would end up turning on the TV and plopping down for the night.

Ken told me that he would love to get involved in something like that, but having just started in his job he didn't think he could afford it right now.

"Perhaps after I get established here with the company," Ken figured. "Once I am sure I will be retained I will join something like that, because I really need to get into shape, like you are."

First of all, I'm not in all that great shape, although the 200 pounds I'm presently packing on my 6'2" frame is about 30 less than I was carrying 6 months ago. Second of all, Ken was brilliant, blessed not only with a winning personality and a strong work ethic, but was also extremely intelligent so his employment with our firm was not going to end on any one's accord but his own.

***

I had never thought of Ken in a sexual way; but certainly not because he wasn't attractive to me. It was because of the wedding ring on his finger that I had considered him out of my reach. I would later learn that Ken had been divorced for several years and wore it only because he liked the ring and hated to see it get banished to a dresser drawer.

Ken had a habit of making frequent physical contact while working, and while to a straight guy, Ken's gentle touch on their back and shoulders or the patting of his hand or their arms might have been off-putting, it was fine by me.

At the gym, seeing Ken's slim body in motion, either jogging on the treadmill, was also fine with me as well. He was slim but deceptively strong, as his work with the weights proved, and as the workout ended, I wished more than ever that the wedding ring wasn't there.

After we stripped down and headed into the shower room, my feelings grew only stronger. Ken's skin was so pale and flawless, and perfectly smooth except an adorable nest of black curls above his cock. Even his armpits were hairless, and I knew that because earlier I had the pleasure of staring at his muscled underarms as he lifted weights. The smooth glistening hollows looked so erotic that I had gotten an erection right there while watching Ken straining against the equipment.

The shower heads were attached to a series of poles in the white tiled room, and Ken had chosen one opposite mine, meaning I had a birds-eye view of him as he lathered up whether I wanted to or not. I only looked at Ken's cock for a moment before turning away, and averting my eyes was only done so that I could somehow keep from having my already semi-turgid cock blossoming right in front of Ken and the other men in the shower.

That cock, I thought to myself as I tried to keep my thoughts from returning to that beautiful organ by blinding myself with the shower spray. The tiny tube that dangled in front of a surprisingly large hairless sac was made for sucking on.

Ken couldn't be even three inches soft, but his dick was beautiful, as was the long foreskin that completely shrouded the glans beneath it, revealing only its acorn shape below. I glanced back down and over at Ken after a moment and immediately decided to end my shower because it was obvious where his eyes were.

"Thank you for the invitation, Jim," Ken said after we got dressed and made our way out of the gym. 

"I've got a few more guest passes you can use," I told Ken. "So if you ever want to do it again, just say the word."

"I would like that," Ken said. "Any night that you don't have plans or anything, please tell me. My social calendar is rather empty, and I enjoyed this evening every much. Both the gym and - your company."

It was then that I found out that when Ken had mentioned when we first met that he was married, what he really meant was that he WAS married, and after telling me about why he still wore the ring, my reaction was clearly noticed by my co-worker. It was a reaction that I made no effort to mask, and when Ken's eyes lit up, I suggested going out for a drink.

Ken declined that offer, but made a counter offer that I found more appealing than going to a bar, so when Ken invited me to his place for a cocktail I readily accepted.

***

"Forgive my rather humble surroundings," Ken said, apologizing for an apartment that needed none, as it was a simple and tastefully decorated place furnished minimally and was as neat and uncluttered as the resident was.

"It's nicer than my place," I admitted. "For sure yours is neater looking. I've got too much stuff. You should see it."

"I would like that very much," Ken said, his words not really registering to me at first, and when he asked me what I wanted to drink, his brand of beer only raised his stock higher in my eyes.

"One of the little concessions I make in my budget," Ken said as he handed me a Bass. "I don't drink much but when I do, I like to enjoy it."

"Agreed," I said, toasting my new friend while trying not to envision him naked at the same time I was trying to figure out how to make that happen once again.

"I'm so glad that they had you training me," Ken said as we leaned on the kitchen island and chatted. "I think we work well together."

"Well, you didn't need much in the way of training," I said.

"Not only that," Ken continued. "I feel that we have a kind of - how should I say this? A bond? I'm not all that good with words sometimes."

"You're doing fine," I said, leaning in Ken's direction so that we were only inches away from each other.

"I love my job so much, and you're a very nice man," Ken said, choosing his words with great care. "I would hate to say anything that would jeopardize our working relationship."

"You realize that in a week or so, you'll be on your own," I reminded Ken. "You'll be in your own cubicle and won't be stuck with me all day."

"I know," Ken said with a smile, taking a deep breath. "That will be both good and bad. I will miss being around you all day, but to be honest, being so close also made me uncomfortable."

"How so?"

"Once again," Ken said. "I'm not good at this."

"You're better at it than you think," I said, resting my hand on Ken's slender forearm, much like he often did to me at work, and hoping that I wasn't misreading what seemed to be Ken's efforts as coming on to me.

"It was difficult enough being close to you all day before," Ken said, his pale face turning redder by the second. "Now, after seeing you earlier - as you were bathing..."

"My thoughts exactly," I said, leaning to try and eliminate the height difference between us.

"There is a way that I think we could get to know each other better," Ken suggested, and when I agreed he took me into his bedroom.

***

Ken had suggested a way for us to get to know each other better, and as Ken's surprisingly strong fingers kneaded the backs of my calves, I had to admit that it was a great idea. Naked and resting on my stomach, I was being treated to a delightful massage, and the farther Ken's hands went up the backs of my legs, the better it got.

Now the backs of my thighs were being skillfully rubbed, and my cock was already hard as it lay crushed underneath my stomach. When Ken had started, I suggested that he allow me to return the affection when he was done, and while he happily agreed to that, I was becoming so aroused already that it was all I could do keep myself from spinning around and taking Ken right now.

"Jim?" I heard Ken say in a questioning voice, and I replied without words, simply easing my legs apart and allowing Ken's oiled fingers to work their way between my buttocks.

Ken was smooth and gentle as his fingers toyed with the hair that ringed my anus before introducing his finger inside of me. I let out a soft groan as the finger spun and probed deeper, my muscles relaxing fully as I surrendered myself to Ken.

"Is this alright?" Ken asked, and all I could do was groan and grab at the bedding while his finger danced inside of me.

Ken had been wearing satin briefs, but now as he leaned on top of me to massage my back I could tell he was now naked. Our bodies slid together with a smoothness that was as erotic as could be, and Ken's cock was no longer flaccid, as I could feel the hardness of his dick pressing between my ass cheeks as the massage continued.

"Turn over," Ken whispered in my ear, and as he eased off of me I rolled over onto my back.

Ken's eyes darted down to my cock as it slapped back onto my stomach, my erection making the skin so taut that the strain was evident on the underside of my member, but as I listened to Ken exhale very loudly, my eyes were on him.

Ken's cock. The penis that had been so tiny and timid looking in the shower had become a raging erection at least six inches long, and as I stared at the slender dick which was so stiff that it curled up toward Ken's stomach as he knelt beside me, it was my turn to exhale.

Only the pee-hole at the tip of his dick was visible as his foreskin remained fully extended, and I was about to do something about that when Ken eased my rising upper torso back down into the bedding.

Silently, Ken straddled my crotch, his thighs spread wide so that his knees were at my hips as he leaned forward, and a look of contentment came over his face as our bodies made intimate contact.

The underside of his cock was rubbing against my own, and the sensation created when his meaty balls ground against my own sac made my entire body shudder. Ken's hands were on my chest, his fingers running through the mat of hair that coated my upper torso, as our cocks continued to slide together.

"That's so good," I gasped, looking up at Ken, but he was in another place.

Ken's eyes had rolled back into his head so that only the whites were showing, and his face was contorted as if he was in pain, but I knew what he was going through. Ken was trying not to cum, and he wasn't winning the battle, judging by the veins throbbing in his reddening neck.

"Can't stop it," Ken grunted, and maybe I didn't help when my hands came up to his chest, my fingers pinching his tiny nipples and pulling on them.

"Yes," I said. "Cum for me."

As if on cue, Ken cried out, and I felt his hot seed squirting onto my body, spraying my stomach and chest with his cum while he continued to grind himself into me until he went limp.

"Sorry," Ken finally said as he remained suspended over me, his hands on my chest. "I usually have much better control. It's just that you - your body excites me a great deal."

"And look at the mess I've made," Ken said as he straightened up onto his knees and looked at the semen he had deposited all over me, the milky cum standing out starkly against the dark pelt of fur.

With that, Ken bowed his head and began cleaning up the semen, his tongue working all over my torso and seeming to relish the job as much as I was. His mouth worked all of the way down to my cock, which was still rock hard, and after he sucked all of his seed from the surrounding pubes, he held my cock upright in his hands, gazing down at it while stroking me. 

Ken's eyes never left mine as he bowed and took the head of my cock into his mouth. Sucking on the bulbous head, his tongue dancing on the tip and around the ridge of the crown while his hands worked the shaft of my cock, Ken had me clutching the bedding and writhing in ecstasy.

Soon his left hand went down and began to churn my balls while his right hand spun around the base of my cock. Ken's mouth kept going further and further down the shaft of my member with each bob of his head, and I had to fight to keep from cumming as I watched Ken trying to take all of me in his mouth.

I could feel the tip of my cock scraping Ken's throat as he took almost all eight inches of me into the warm wetness, much like a sword-swallower. Soon even my best efforts were not enough, and as I thrashed around on the bedding I felt Ken's lips move back up the shaft of my cock as I began to cum.

Ken's tongue was swabbing the tip of my dick as I came in his mouth, and his licking only made my orgasm more intense as Ken's hand milked my balls until they were drained. Only when my cock went totally limp did Ken's mouth leave it, and as he looked up at me for approval all I could do was shake my head and grin.

***

After a while Ken headed to the kitchen to get us drinks, and as I watched his tight little rump disappear I realized that it was going to be tough to keep my hands off of him when we went back to work on Monday, even though I knew that we had to pretend that we were just co-workers.

That was still a couple of days away, and when Ken returned with the brews, the sight of his dick wiggling as he walked toward the bed was too much for me to resist.

"Oh my!" Ken said, doing a dead-on impersonation of George Takei in that commercial as he set the beers down on the night table when it became clear that my mouth was going to be busy elsewhere.

On my knees in front of Ken, my mouth enveloped his tiny stem as my hands clutched his buttocks. I wanted to feel his dick grow in my mouth; wanted to savor the sensation of his modest little tool blossoming into the long throbbing manhood that I felt against me before.

It didn't take long, as I felt him get hard while my face rested in the impossibly soft tuft of black hair above his cock. I let my lips slide back up the length of him, letting go of Ken's cock and smiling as it sprang up toward his stomach.

My tongue caressed the muscled underside of his arching tool on my way to his balls, and after I licked the meaty orbs in their hairless wrinkled sac, I took them in my mouth, suckling on Ken's balls tenderly before letting them rest against my chin again when I went back to work on Ken's cock.

I slid the long foreskin down, exposing the conical glans to my affection. My mouth nibbled all over the tender glans before letting my mouth slide down Ken's pulsating organ once more. Ken groaned and held onto my head as I swallowed him to the root while squeezing his ass.

Bringing Ken to the brink of orgasm several times while his increasingly shaky legs struggled to keep him standing, I made love to his throbbing manhood while his pendulous balls spanked my chin. Soon I was practically holding Ken up with my hands as I felt his body tense.

Ken's cum was so warm and sweet as he came in my mouth, the hot jets of his seed coating my mouth and throat while his body quaked with the force of his orgasm. I eased us both onto the bed after Ken's orgasm subsided, and we held each other tight as we tried to catch our breath.

***

"I have a thing for hairy men," Ken confessed as we rested in bed.

Ken was on his side facing me, his elbow propping him up as he ran his fingers through the pelt of fur on my chest, searching for my nipple and teasing it when he found it.

"I'm glad of that," I said, exhaling as Ken's fingers raked across my chest.

"At work, when I would see the hair peeking out from the neck of your shirt, it would drive me crazy," Ken said while taking my hand and raising my arm until my wrist was back at the headboard. "You still smell so nice."

Ken leaned forward until his face was under my arm, and as he continued to look over at me, began to kiss and nibble at the hair under my arm. When he saw my reaction, Ken got even more passionate, licking and chewing my armpit ravenously.

"You trying to get me crazy?" I asked.

"You like?" Ken asked, a devilish grin on his face, and in response I rolled over on top of Ken and pinned him down, overpowering him despite his best efforts to stop me. 

"How would you like it if I did that to you?" I asked Ken, as my eyes went to Ken's exposed armpits, which were pale and absolutely smooth.

"Aaaah!" Ken cried out as my tongue raked across the buttery smooth skin of his underarm.

"Mmm," I purred. "So smooth. Do you shave your armpits?"

"I used to tell people that I did, because I was so embarrassed that I didn't have any hair under my arms," Ken confessed. "Maybe that's why I have a thing for hairy men. Opposites attract perhaps?"

"I'll bet you can really feel it when I do this," I said, letting my tongue dance under his arm again before nibbling at the bare skin with my teeth.

We wrestled playfully on the bedding, both of us making love to each other's armpits, and when I reached down I could feel that Ken was as hard as I was.

"Guess we aren't all that opposite," I told Ken, since it was obvious that we both loved what we were giving and receiving. 

Ken climbed around until he was above me straddling my face. I felt Ken's lips on my cock as I looked up at his dangling sac, which looked even bigger from the angle. I took his left nut in my mouth and sucked on it, letting my mouth work as an agitator on the meaty orb before going over to the other one.

After giving Ken's balls a through oral exam, I let my tongue drift along that sensitive ridge below his scrotum. I front of my eyes, the pink puckered ring of his anus looked so inviting that I couldn't resist.

I'm usually not one for this, but Ken was so sparklingly clean and virginal looking that I couldn't help myself. My tongue caressed his anus, even poking a bit inside the puckered ring. and when I did that I heard Ken make a choking sound. It wasn't because of the cock he had in his mouth either, and when I felt something warm landing on my chest I discovered what was happening.

"That wasn't fair," Ken said with a laugh. "Now I have another mess to clean up."

As I watched Ken's masterful cleaning skills work their magic on my chest and stomach before eventually going lower, I concluded that my co-worker and I might have something special here, and it was a very good thing that we wouldn't be working right next to each other much longer, because it would be hard for me to get any work done around Ken.

******

It was almost three in the morning, and I'm sure that Ken was as happy as I was that we didn't have to got to work in a few hours. It wasn't like I was tired though, because being with Ken had energized me in a way that made me feel like I couldn't get enough of him.

That was why I said yes when Ken asked me, in his gentlemanly and shy way, if I would let him do something to me. Actually, I said no first, but that was only semantics because I'm not a believer in doing something to another man or him doing things to me.
