 Hello, readers. This is my very first time writing on here. This will be just the introduction of 'A Day To Remember', which means it won't contain any sex scenes this chapter. If it does well then I will be sure to continue on with the next chapter of the story. Please let me know how the story was in the comments below. 

****

Hey there, the name's Jayy. I'm a senior in high school and possibly the most introverted person there is. During my final year of school I stood at a husky 5' 8" with a sun kissed complexion. My head of umber curls tended to cover my brown eyes with the help of my thick-framed glasses. Although there aren't any major differences between the others and I, there is just one thing that separates us: I'm gay!

I've only befriended a few people throughout the years but a couple of them were the best people I knew. We had fun times and shared so many secrets together. One of which was my burning love for Aaron Gilbert. I've had my eyes glued onto Aaron since ninth grade and haven't stopped drooling since. His presence was a blessing to everyone around him.

Aaron and I were very great friends for a long time. We were extremely close since the age of six, but being so close to him led to confused and misconstrued emotions between the both of us. I thought it was apparent how I felt towards him as I often fantasized he had secretly felt the same for me but sadly that was not the case. Of course he liked girls-- well, loved girls-- Aaron never seemed to show any emotions towards guys. When we were younger we would lay upon one another just as friends would. It would be times like those that made me think he could have felt something for me. When we were eight his true feelings became visible to me on the night of his sleepover. After everyone but Aaron and I fell asleep whilst watching a horror flick we had gotten awfully close and ended up sharing a kiss. We continued the movie until he fell sleep before it finished. After that night our relationship became awkward and Aaron seemed to slowly drift away. 

After many attempts to reassemble our friendship I found out he got a new girlfriend. We didn't spend as much time with each other anymore, but after he got with her I rarely saw him. It was as if his girlfriend greedily snatched him away. You see, she was the jealous type and Aaron being the captain of the swim team didn't help at all. Sasha always assumed he had been getting to close to people and flirting with girls because of countless reasons. So she wanted him all to herself even if that meant putting an end to some of his friendships. Just thinking about how lucky she was to be able to caress his body and kiss him made me completely envious. 

**The second period bell abnoxiously rang**

"Oh crap! I'm late for the Calc midterm," I shouted as I ran down the hall to get to my calculus class before the door shut. 

I was able to complete the test with a few minutes to spare. As I glanced over the room I could see a few short glimpses of the swim team treading from the indoor swimming pool. After a few seconds my glancing turned into staring and I began observing each and every one of the members. I immediately got a hard-on as I spotted Aaron walk out of the pool with his bulge almost bursting out from his speedo. My fantasies were cut off as the bell for third period rang.

The rest of the day just dragged along and I couldn't wait to go home. The bell for last period rang and school was finally over. As I sprang myself to my locker I managed to bump into someone which caused me to drop my binders. The soothing sound of a deep voice began to apologize.

"Sorry, dude. I wasn't looking." As I looked up to see who this boy was he kneeled down to help me.

"A-Aaron?" I managed to slip out of my mouth. "Little Jayy! How've you been? Sorry for bumping into you by the way." His mannerisms, his statuesque body and deep voice could make me melt inside.

"N-no. It's fine. Thanks for helping," I stuttered.

"Here's everything. Yo, we should catch up sometime. Its been a while since we've hung out," Aaron said softy sounding sincere. "Yeah its been three years," I confessed sarcastically. Did I sound creepy for knowing how long its been? I thought it might have sounded weird, but Aaron pushed it aside.

"There's a party going down tonight at Sasha's. Everyone will be there. You should come by at eight." Did Aaron Gilbert, captain of the swim team, just invite me to his party? God has answered my prayers I thought to myself. 

"Uh-yeah. Sure," fumbled out of my mouth as I was trying not to sound too excited. "Awesome. See you later," he said as he rubbed my head before walking away. I was speechless. I turned towards my locker and my friend, Matt, was standing there witnessing the whole conversation. He could only mock me as I opened my locker.

"'Yeah. Sure?' That's the best you can come up with?"

"You're just jealous because I got invited and you didn't," I replied confidently.

"Oh whatever. It's not like it will be that fun anyways. You don't really talk to anyone and Sasha will be there. So, you know what that means. It'll be a few minutes before she yanks him somewhere and he'll be gone all night like a ghost." After he said that I realized how accurate he was. 

"I might as well not go at all," I muttered.

"No. I'm not saying not to go. I'm just saying not to get your hopes up that's all," Matt insisted.

I shut my locker and we walked from the school to the local corner store. Matt decided to go straight home as I continued into the store. I snagged some chips and sweets to keep me company until tonight. Matt's words repeated in my head and I pondered if I should still go to the party. I reluctantly decided to force myself to attend. I could walk out early if I wasn't comfortable. It's not like anyone would notice me leaving anyways. As I approached my house I felt this weird excitement in my stomach. My introverted ways would cease and I began to devise a plan for my arrival to the party. I would force myself to break out of my shell and attempt to socialize as well as meet new people. I was going to attempt social suicide.

A few hours past and I saw the clock strike seven as stepped out of the steaming hot shower. Getting dressed only took a few minutes and that's when I headed to Sasha's. Luckily I was able to find an available parking spot by her house that wasn't completely littered with crushed beer cans and scraps. I immediately took a deep breath and exhaled slowly as I tried not to overwork myself into an anxiety attack. Locking my car and walking up those stairs made me feel like a new man. I was no longer Jayy, but a whole new-and-improved person.

As soon as I walked in I was shocked by the captivating images I witnessed with my own eyes. I vigorously rubbed my eyes in disbelief due to the images of my fellow classmates chugging beer, senior class cheerleaders being chased by football jocks in only their lace bras and panties, and especially seeing people making out being half naked. I decided to make my way to the kitchen, which was at the back of the house, and make myself comfy. There was only the options of spiked punch or cans of beer. It seemed like either way I was going to leave here drunk. I assumed one of the jocks lost his way chasing the cheerleaders because I found him drinking right beside me. Feeling this explosive urge erupt in my body I decided to make new friends with the football star.

"Hey. The name's Jayy," I proclaimed confidently as I poked my hand out to shake. 

"'Sup, bro. Logan Jackson. Running back for Oakwood High." As we shook hands I thought to myself I don't know why he felt the need to introduce himself as the running back. Almost everyone in Oakwood High knew him as the best running back since the class of '09. His grip was extremely tight but his hands were exceptionally soft for a football player. Although it hurt to shake his hand, I wasn't focused on the pain as I was too busy getting lost in his ocean blue eyes. He wasn't like the other jocks. Logan seemed kind and genuine.

"Y'know standing here fiddling with your half empty cup isn't going to get you anywhere at this party," he pronounced. 

"U-uh yeah. Yeah you're right. I just don't know what to do or know who anyone here really is," I confessed to him. 

"Listen, Jayy, you think I knew anyone before I became running back? No. You've gotta make a path for yourself as I did." All of this inspirational speaking lit an ember inside me that flamed into scorching fires which caused me to truly step out of my comfort-zone.

"You see all of these women? You can speak to any one of them. Just go up there and try, kid."

"Uhm that won't happen," I whispered under my breath.

"And why not, Jayy?" Logan was persistent in trying to hook me up with someone. "Here. I'll help you out." He began to call out one of the girls' name.

"NO! Uh-no. Don't do that. I got it..." I began to sweat profusely in fear. I thought either Logan would make a fool out of me in front of everyone or I'd just come clean and tell him why I'm not interested. As I was thoroughly examining my options Logan called over a group of girls. He had to yell a few times because of the loud bass in the music that was blasting. 

"ALRIGHT! I can't try to 'hook up' with any of the girls."

"And why can't you? Too much of a wussy?"

I stuttered a few times before I said it but I was able to get it out. "Because I'm gay."

"Wait. What did you say?" I guess Logan couldn't hear me over the overbearing volume of the party music. Otherwise he might have overreacted about my answer.

Out of fear I quickly suggested, "You wanna dance?"

"Uh, sure," Logan obliged, "but what did you say? I couldn't hear you."

I acted as if I couldn't hear him while we walked to the living room where the real party was. The music was blasting but it only intensified. I was genuinely surprised that Logan agreed to dance because some people would take that action as me hitting on them, which I totally couldn't blame anyone. Who would honestly pass up the opportunity to be with Logan, the second most gorgeous boy I have ever seen? The only thing that kept me from actually doing something disastrous as 'making a move' on Logan was the fact that I didn't want to get beat up and crushed like a bug.

As the music intensified so did the dancing. One step led to another and I was dancing like a maniac until I spotted Aaron walking down the stairs without Sasha.

My eyes lit up as Aaron walked to get a drink. Was I just going to ditch Logan on the dance floor to speak to Aaron? Of course. 

"Hey, Logan, you thirsty? Want some punch?" I eagerly anticipated.

"Yeah sure, but when you get back you gotta tell me what you said earlier."

I sprinted my way towards the kitchen with all of these emotions running through my head. I repeatedly told myself I wasn't going to throw myself at Aaron, but it was kind of hard not to. I served both cups of punch and waited for Aaron to turn around and notice me. The melancholy look in his eyes seemed different now. He had no enthusiasm but he was sure surprised to actually see me at the party.

"Jayy? What the hell are you doing here," Aaron asked. He seemed completely puzzled. "I didn't actually think you'd come out here to the party."

"Well I'm only here because-- no. Where have YOU been?" I demanded to know. "You just left and went ghost for three years."

"Listen, I'm not in the mood to talk about that right now. I just got done with Sasha and--"

I quickly interrupted him asking "just got done?"

He looked down to his feet and muttered "Meaning we're through. She broke up with me."

As I began to bombard Aaron with concerning questions I heard people mumbling my name. I turned around and got bumped into by someone calling me "fag." I was completely shocked and couldn't move. I guessed Logan finally realized what I told him and he didn't take that well. He must have thought because I was gay that I was flirting with him on the dance floor, so in response to that he walked up to me calling me gay slurs. I thought to myself why is this such a big deal? Why is this happening to me right here right now? It was a nightmare. I couldn't take it anymore so I dropped the cups and ran outside to my car without looking back at Aaron.

I tried to start the car up but I couldn't see through the blurred vision of my tears and drunkenness. I felt like a complete mess and just wanted to disappear. There's nothing I could've done but sit in my car and bawl my eyes out onto my steering wheel. As I was wiping off my tears I heard sudden knocking on my car door. To my greatest surprise it was Aaron. I guess I forgot to lock the doors because he came in the car with no problem.

"What do you want, Aaron," I said sounding snarky. 

"Hey now. I know you're going through a lot, but--" I cut him off once again replying, "Oh you think? I just got humiliated and it freaking sucks because I'm all alone and... I'm going to have to deal with this tormenting for the rest of the year. It didn't matter that some people knew but Logan knows and now he's going to mock me for it." I began to uncontrollably sob.

Unexpectedly, Aaron's arms wrapped around me and squeezed me. "I'm sorry. Im so sorry. I shouldn't of ever left you and ignored you for all of these years. I let Sasha control me for such a long time. She was so manipulative and controlling who I could and couldn't hang out with and dictated my schedule. I-I'm— So, it's my fault, Jayy. I'm sorry."

I didn't know what to say. I could only continue to sniffle and to breathe heavily. 

"Y-You're not alone, little Jayy," Aaron replied. "Do you remember that night? During the sleepover?" As he asked the question he placed his damp, warm palm onto my hand. Doing so he pinned my hand down onto the steering wheel, but it wasn't just any regular touch. 

"Yes." I could only reply with that one word without sounding like a total startled mess.

"Well, after that night I became confused. I didn't know what I truly felt inside. I always liked girls, but something about you was special. And you always were special to me, Jayy. I didn't want to face these feelings and confess them to myself so I pushed them away. But seeing you everyday would evolve those feelings into something greater and make it more difficult for me to disregard. At the time I wasn't sure if it was love or lust but now I know."

My sniffling ceased. "W-What?" Did Aaron Gilbert just say he loved me? Did the dreamy boy turned athletic god just confess his love for me?

Aaron dipped forward with his all and sealed all of my questions with a kiss. This one was greater than the one on the night of the sleepover. For this kiss was the first real kiss I've ever had. I felt his hand slowly crawl up from my back to my head. I began to melt in his embrace entirely. As I thought this kiss couldn't get any better I felt his warm tounge invade my inviting mouth. It met with my tongue and slowly caressed it. I returned the act and kissed him back, but in doing so I involuntarily let out a moan which was probably a turn-on for Aaron as he then intensified his kisses. One stroke greater than the other making me breathe heavier and heavier until Aaron suddenly stopped kissing me. There was a warm rope of saliva that dropped from his tongue onto my lip. I grunted in confusion but I was reassured with Aaron's mouth returning to my body but only this time it was towards my neck. I soon realized he was giving me soft kisses on my neck. Aaron began peeling away at my buttons from my shirt and digging down my chest with wet kisses. He returned to my lips but didn't do much as I leaned over for this fight for dominance and pressed onto his body. I demanded the kisses. He gasped in slight pain as I bit his lip and sat atop of him. The kissing went on for sometime until Aaron pulled away to look at me and said "Yeah. I love you Jason Carter."