 Summary: Straight shy guy walks into an adult theatre in late 1980's. 

Note 1: Thanks to Robert, goamz86, and Wayne for editing. 

Note 2: All participants are at least 18-years-old. 

Birth of a Cock Sucker: 1980's Teen 

Who: Me, a young naive guy 

What: A story of how I learned I was a natural cock sucker 

Where: Toronto, Canada 

When: 1989 

How: Well, read below... 

I was eighteen and naive when one decision based on curiosity forever changed my life. 

I was in Toronto for the first time on a class trip, listening to tunes on my disc man and somehow missed getting off the subway with my classmates. 

Panicking, I got off at the next stop and began my journey to find them. I didn't have a copy of our agenda, but did know we were meeting at three at Much Music for a tour. It was a few minutes after eleven, so I figured I would just meander around downtown Toronto. Getting onto Yonge Street, I looked around like the small-town-never-been-to-a-real-city-bumpkin I was. 

Our senior class field trip was a six day trip starting in Ottawa, which was an eight hour bus ride, where we went to the Canadian parliament buildings and got a tour, met some senators and got to watch question period...where questions are asked by the opposition and not answered by the party in power (but I digress). On the second day, we visited the Governor General's house, took a bus tour of the different foreign embassies and hit the National Gallery of Canada. 

A four hour bus ride the following day had us spending three days in Toronto. The first evening I went to my first NHL hockey game at Maple Leafs Garden (I died a little inside when it was knocked down for the corporate atrocity that is Air Canada Center... there is no sense of community, team or history in a corporate name). Still, I got to see the Maple Leafs live, albeit in a 6-3 loss. 

The hotel was nice, my first ever hotel...ignoring the motel dives we had stayed at during hockey tournaments up north. But being on the twentieth floor of a hotel that overlooked the city was the coolest thing I had ever seen. The northern lights were a gorgeous nightly sight up north, but being this high, looking over the city that never seemed to end with their triple lane roads, lights everywhere was like being in a whole new world. From my room, I could even see the nearly completed Skydome (before more corporate bullshit stupidly renamed it the Rogers Centre... like I'm going to change cell service providers because I see your name illuminated pretentiously in big lights) which the MLB Blue Jays and CFL Argonauts would soon call home. When I moved to Toronto a few months later, I would see a ton of concerts there including Kiss, Billy Joel, Madonna and U2 to name just a few. 

The last day we were going to hit the Royal Ontario Museum, the CN Tower (unfortunately, during the day the sights, although still breathtaking, aren't the same as in the evening) and the Broadway play Phantom of the Opera. 

But my life altering experience occurred sandwiched between those two fun-filled tourist days. 

Walking down Yonge Street with a deer in the headlights look, I drank in the city culture. I saw panhandlers for the first time, I looked at street performers performing for change and I perused the goods being sold by street vendors. It was amazing... like being in a new world. 

I then saw the first of a few things that at the time I thought was the coolest thing ever. A store called, literally, The World's Biggest Bookstore. Being an avid reader, I was automatically drawn to it like a moth to a flame. 

When I entered the store, I stopped in my tracks as I stared in awe. The bookstore was bigger than our whole school (which was kindergarten to grade twelve, a school with 160 students...my graduating class was the biggest class with 18 students. The bookstore had every imaginable section from classics, to history, to biography. I had saved 500 dollars for spending money for this trip by working at our one cafe and, being frugal, still had 470 dollars, my own souvenirs so far a cool replica war helmet and postcards from each place we stopped. 

I had an academia orgasm as I browsed the thousands of books. I gasped when I learned there were 47 more Mack Bolan novels than our tiny public library had. A hundred and twenty dollars and eleven purchased books later, I headed out before I spent all my money on books. 

I walked a few steps and saw a huge music store called Sam the Record Man... where I had my auditory orgasm when I entered the massive music store. I had received a discman for my eighteenth birthday just a few days earlier, but unfortunately only had two CDs: Peter Gabriel's 'So' and Debbie Gibson's 'Electric Youth' (which I had just bought... she was so hot). Unlike the twenty cd options at our drug store, there were thousands of cassettes, records and a whole room of CDs. An hour later, twenty CD's and 200 dollars later (including some classics like Meatloaf's 'Bat out of Hell', Air Supply's 'Greatest Hits', Michael Jackson's 'Thriller', The Cure 'Disintegration', Bruce Springsteen's 'Born in the USA', The Smiths 'The Queen is Dead', Men at Work's ignored third album 'Two Hearts', The Police's 'Synchronicity', Van Halen's '1984', Bon Jovi's 'Slippery When Wet', Paul Simon's 'Graceland', Metallica's 'Ride the Lightning', Bryan Adams 'Reckless', Phil Collins 'No Jacket Required', Guns N' Roses 'Appetite for Destruction', Beastie Boys 'Licensed to Ill', Abba's greatest hits, and three Canadian bands you have probably never heard of: Frozen Ghost's 'Nice Place to Visit', Glass Tiger's 'A Thin Red Line' and Honeymoon Suite's 'Racing After Midnight'. 

Feeling I had just experienced Christmas twice, I returned to walking Yonge Street. I had walked just a block when I saw an adult store. Curious, the day amazing so far, I glanced around to make sure my classmates were not around me, before I quickly entered. 

Like the plethora of books and CDs at the previous two stores, there was a plethora of magazines, VHS tapes and sex toys everywhere. Unlike the book and music store, this place was a mess and the walkways were narrow and cluttered. Yet, the only magazine I had ever seen was a very beat up Playboy belonging to a friend of mine and the only porn I had watched had been the scrambled porn on the pay per view channels...where we hurt our eyes trying to see a breast. 

Although I felt guilty and awkward in such a store, I wanted to buy a porn movie. I would be instantly popular among my friends when I pulled out a couple real sex magazines and would be royalty when I popped the VHS tape in. 

I glanced up and saw my first porn scene as a redhead was sucking on a cock. I stared for a minute, watching her take the entire dick in her mouth and wondering how such a thing was even possible, as my penis instantly got hard. 

I broke away from the video and looked at dozens of magazines... eventually choosing three: Jugs, Stocking Sluts, School Girl Beaver. I also bought two digest story collections: one called True Sex Stories and the other, the crazy intriguing and shocking, Incest Stories including titles like 'Mom takes my Virginity, 'My Sister takes it in the Butt', 'Daddy Do Me', 'My Aunt, my Cum Bucket', 'Mommy Munches Snatch, 'Back Door Mom' and 'Family Fuckfest'. Now I had no interest in actually committing incest and my mom was quite obese, but the taboo concept was too much not to buy. 

Then I looked at VHS movies. There were so many. I was like a fat kid in a candy store... except I had a major hard-on. I spent at least half an hour deciding which videos to buy. They were thirty bucks each or more and thus I wanted to pick ones that were amazing and featured my personal fetish... pantyhose and stockings. 

In the end, I looked at tons of video tapes, looking at the back of the boxes for pictures that would include women in nylons. I found a few including one I instantly knew I had to buy called 'Love Lessons' which had every girl wearing stockings and another called 'Night Nurses'. 

I walked out, feeling excited and like a pervert, and down to twenty-six bucks. I started walking towards Much Music, still having two hours to kill. I stopped at McDonald's and bought lunch (it was a treat when you live in rural nowhere like I did) and then kept walking until I saw something else intriguing: an adult movie theatre. 

I probably wouldn't have actually gone inside but the poster of one of the three movies playing had me intrigued: 'The Girl in Black Stockings'. 

I looked each way, again making sure none of my classmates nor my teacher were around and walked inside. I had no idea if eighteen was the legal age for the theatre, but the woman who was at the till didn't ask for identification, just taking my money without even making eye contact with me. 

I paid the ten dollars and headed inside. 

To my surprise there was only one theatre. 

To my great luck, 'The Girl in Black Stockings' had started twenty-five minutes ago. 

I took a deep breath and walked in... curiosity overriding common sense. 

As I did, I saw about ten heads scattered around the smallish theatre (today it would look the size of some of the cheap second run theatres that didn't exist back in the 1980s). 

I glanced up and saw a pretty blonde, in black stockings, bobbing on a cock. My cock, already semi-hard, saluted the scene in my pants. 

Being young and naive, it never occurred to me that an adult theatre would be a place men went to have sex... but I quickly learned it was. 

Sure there were about ten heads sitting in seats, but as my eyes adjusted to the dark, I learned there were more people whose heads were not as easy to see. 

I saw a guy, who looked to be my age, with another guy bobbing on his cock. The young guy waved to me as I stared transfixed on the scene like I was watching a car accident. 

I was a virgin. 

I had never had a blow job. 

I had never seen a guy suck another guy. 

Yet, I was stunned. 

In awe. 

In reality, I should have run out of there at that moment. I wasn't gay and this wasn't how I would want to get my first blow job... if that was even a possibility. 

Yet, I was also curious as hell. Living in rural nowhere, life was pretty mundane and predicable... this was neither of those. 

So, once I broke my stare from the surprisingly hot scene, I looked around wondering if I would see more live action sex scenes... hopefully with a girl involved. 

And I did. 

Although the only girl involved in the theatre was on screen, now riding a cock in her hairy pussy (shaved pussies were incredible uncommon in the 1980s... even in porn). 

Crazy, crazy scenes. 

-A couple more guys were getting blow jobs in their seats 

-Three guys were seated beside each other while the one in the middle stroked both cocks 

-A chubby guy was actually sitting on a skinny guy's lap seemingly riding his dick in his ass 

-A guy was on all fours in a row clearly getting fucked from behind... hard... his moans louder than the ones coming from the screen 

-And then a couple guys on their own seemingly actually watching the movie 

I watched the guy get fucked longer than I should have, stunned that such things really happened, not knowing any guy that was gay or any girl who would take it the ass. Before long I decided to move up a couple of rows and sit down. 

Once seated, I looked around some more, and saw in the corner of the theatre, where the exit sign was, a big black man who was getting a blow job. 

Everything about today... and even more so about where I currently was... was wild. 

I finally looked up at the big screen to see the girl now on all fours getting pounded from behind. Fuck, she was hot. 

It wasn't two minutes later that a guy, in his 30s I would guess, in a suit and tie, came over to me and asked if he could join me. 

I nervously agreed. 

I can still remember the conversation verbatim... a conversation that would forever change the course of my life. 

"First time here?" he asked. 

"Is it that obvious?" I replied. 

"Most people here are regulars and you also have that 'Holy crap, am I really seeing what I think I'm 'seeing?' look on your face," he explained. 

"Yeah, I didn't know adult theatres existed, and I never fathomed I would see anything like this," I continued, my gaze going to the black man getting blown, the exit sign light illuminating the bobbing head rather clearly. 

"It's our safe haven," he said. 

"What does that mean?" I asked, still watching the guy furiously bobbing on the black cock. 

"Oh, well some guys here, like myself, are married, but either like sucking cock or like getting sucked, or both, and guys are way better at it than girls." 

"They are?" I asked, not something I had ever considered. My only sexual encounter was a thirty second hand job, by Cindy at a party, in a game of truth or dare. 

"Oh yeah," he nodded. "Guys know the equipment and many guys are just born to suck." 

"I can't fathom," I said, trying to wrap my head around the idea of both getting a blow job from a guy and of being 'born to suck'. 

"Can I see your cock?" He asked, after a moment, before he added, "it seems to be trying to bust out of those jeans." 

"Um, I..." I began, mixed feelings swarming through me. 

"I won't do anything you don't want to," he said. "We are very casual and respectful here." 

"Can we just talk a bit more?" I asked, curious about getting a blow job, but not wanting to have to give one. 

"Sure," he nodded. After a pause, he said, "See Jimmy over there in the corner sucking that big black guy?" 

"Yeah," I nodded. 

"Jimmy is a CEO of a bank in town," he explained. "While Bubba there is a college football player with a cock the size of a hammer." 

"Wow!" I said, glancing over and seeing Jimmy really bobbing hungrily still. I wished I could see the size of the black cock... then shook my head slightly at the thought. 

"Yeah, Bubba is not someone to suck until you have got a little experience," he said. 

"I've never sucked or been sucked before," I admitted, then wished I hadn't said that. 

"Well, you can try here if you wish, either sucking or being sucked, or just stroke another cock, or be stroked," he continued. "No one will push you here." 

"Okay," I nodded, as the black guy seemed to be coming in Jimmy's mouth. 

"Did you see the three a few rows behind us?" He asked. 

"Yeah," I nodded. 

"The one in the middle, Gary, refuses to be sucked, but will jerk off or suck any cock offered to him. I recall for his birthday he sucked twenty-one cocks... for his twenty-first birthday." 

"Wow!" I again repeated, still coming to grips with the reality I was witnessing. 

"Here comes the money shot," he said, pointing to the screen. 

"Money shot?" I asked, as I looked up to see the blonde get her face coated with cum. 

"Yeah, in porn that is where the girls really earn their cash," he explained before he asked, "Do you mind if I pull my cock out?" 

I didn't know if I did, or not, but answered, "Go ahead." 

"Thanks," he said, and pulled his cock out. 

Curious, I watched, and it was already completely hard. 

"Join me," he offered, as he stroked his cock. 

And I figured, what the hell. My cock was really awkwardly positioned in my jeans and 'When in Rome', I joked to myself as I unzipped my jeans and pulled out my undeniably throbbing cock. 

It was his turn to say, "Wow! That is a nice cock." 

"You too," I replied, feeling flattered, no one ever commenting on my cock before. 

"No, I'm serious. That is an impressive member," he said, staring at it. "May I touch it?" 

"Sure," I agreed, responding with my cock. 

As he reached for it, he said, "If the cocksuckers here see this cock, they will be fighting to worship you." 

I groaned, his hand on my cock feeling so good. 

"Thick and long, with a big mushroom top," he said, seemingly intoxicated by my cock... which made me feel so good about myself. Cindy hadn't said anything when she'd given me the briefest of hand jobs. 

"Thanks," I said weakly, his hand making me feel really good as a new scene appeared of the blonde, now sucking another cock. 

"Can I please suck it?" He asked, so politely... which only added to the entire surreal situation. "Even just a little to let you know how good it can feel." 

"Um, okay, I guess," I said, his hand feeling great, the porn sounds echoing everywhere, and the curiosity to have a mouth on my cock like the blonde was doing now guiding my answer. 

That was all the approval he needed, as he leaned forward and took my cock in his mouth. 

OH MY FUCKING GOD! 

I couldn't believe how different and amazing a mouth felt compared to my hand or his hand. 

I groaned, loudly, as he slowly bobbed on my cock. 

I couldn't believe I was getting my first blow job. 

I couldn't believe I was getting it from a guy. 

Yet, it felt amazing and I also knew I wouldn't last long. 

He stopped after about a minute and asked, "Do you want me to continue?" 

"Yes, please," I nodded in the dark, wanting his warm mouth back on my cock. 

"You have a great cock," he complimented again, as he lowered his mouth back on it. 

I closed my eyes and just allowed myself to enjoy the blow job. Unfortunately, in only a couple minutes, I knew I was going to blow my load. I warned, "I'm going to come soon." 

His response was to go faster, bobbing furiously on my cock. And in seconds, I was depositing my load in his mouth. 

I had come many times at the hands of my hand, but the intensity of an orgasm when in a mouth was way more intense and pleasurable. 

He sucked every drop of my cum, before he finally sat back up and said, "Thanks." 

"No, thank you," I said. "That was amazing." 

"Like I said, only a guy can give a real amazing blow job," he said. 

I glanced down and saw his cock was completely hard. I asked, curious what his cock felt like, "May I touch it?" 

"I'd love that," he said. 

I moved my hand tentatively and grabbed it. It felt so hard. I could feel it throbbing in my hand. 

I mean I'm sure mine was that hard too, but it felt so different when it wasn't attached to my body. 

"Stroke it first," he instructed. "Get used to its girth." 

"You're a lot bigger than me," I said, as I stared at his hard cock in my hand. 

"That's the beauty of cock. Every one is different," he said. 

"I suppose," I said, never considering cock before today. 

"Oh, John is here," he said. 

I looked up and saw a guy in a t-shirt and shorts walking down the aisle, even as I kept stroking his pulsing hard cock. 

"He is the best cocksucker here," he said. 

As a guy in a suit walked up to him in the aisle, John dropped to his knees, right there, and fished out his cock. 

"Gene is the lucky one today," he said. "John always comes after his workout at the gym and takes one load. It's part of his daily routine." 

"Really?" I asked. 

"Yep, never more than one, never less," he nodded. 

"That sounds crazy," I said, ironic since I was currently stroking a stranger's cock. 

He explained, "Almost all guys, whether straight or not, will at least once in their life get a blow job from another guy and eventually once you do, you will be curious to suck a cock too." 

Although his theory sounded bizarre, it made sense at the moment, as I watched John bob on a cock. I glanced down at the one in my hand and wondered what it would feel like in my mouth, what it would feel like to be on my knees like John. 

He continued, "I mean, almost every guy here is supposedly straight and will lead otherwise straight lives: fucking their wives, or girlfriends or whatever. But most who come here to get a blow job will eventually become cock suckers themselves. I mean I got a dozen blow jobs here for a couple of months before I finally succumbed to sucking a cock. I mean I thought it was okay to get a blow job from a guy, but sucking a cock seemed gay. Now though, I suck more than I receive, and I don't see it as gay, but as a part of my sexuality." 
