 Note: This is a story based somewhat in truth. 

*

The day I turned 18 will always be a special day for me. My best friend Tyson, who was much bigger and a few years older than me, took me on a camping trip.

Tyson was 6 foot 4, awkward sweetheart. Many girls liked the look of him, and they constantly flirted with him, but he never quite realised what they wanted, and just ended up befriending them. We had been friends for years, and i knew he'd been planning this camping trip for some time, organising everything meticulously. 

A few hours into our walk through the damp undergrowth, we came to a large river crossing, with a few large, wet boulders to jump between to get across.

Tyson deftly leapt from boulder to boulder and made it to the other side. I was a little scared, because i was much smaller than Tyson, but i went for it anyway. Predictably, i managed to slip and fall, soaking all of my clothes in the process. The walk back to our campsite was freezing cold for me, and i huddled close to Tyson for warmth. He kept his arm over my shoulder and his hand rested on my lower hip. It felt a little strange to me, but I felt safe knowing he'd look after me. 

When we got to camp, i stripped to my small white undies, and hung my clothes in front of the fire. "Take off your little panties as well." Tyson said matter-of-factly. "Hang them up and come sit with me, its just us here anyway, and ill keep you warm."

I obliged, simply wanting to keep warm. He held me close as we watched the flames and i slowly warmed up. 

"Thank you for looking after me Tyson, i really appreciate it," I said softly, feeling somewhat vulnerable, yet quite at home in his arms. 

He put his fingertips on my chin and brought my face close to his and whispered "Of course bud, ill always look after you."

We stared into each others eyes long enough to know what was going to happen. So he kissed me. It was beautiful. I wilted and allowed him to take the lead as his warm hands slowly traced their way down my ribs, to my hips, then to cup my ass and squeeze it softly. I felt like a girl in his arms, and he knew very well what he was doing to me. My hands began on his hard chest, but slowly roamed down exactly where he wanted them to go. So i undid his belt and pulled his shorts down.

I grabbed his cock through his underwear, and i could tell he'd wanted me for a long time. I lowered the waistband of his boxers, and as i took his 8 inch cock into my mouth, he smiled as he stifled a moan, despite only birds in earshot to hear our debauchery.

Pretty soon he was moaning loudly and i was slobbering on his cock with wild abandon. He then grabbed me by the head and turned me around to lean me against a nearby tree. I wiggled my tight little ass at him and bit my lip, excited to feel his cock deep inside my slutty little hole. He placed his gorgeous member at my entrance, and slowly slid it in as i moaned like the worlds best porn star. I felt so at home with my best friends big cock fucking my ass raw with nothing but tall trees and tiny little birds as far as the eye could see.

i felt his gorgeous cock stretch my tight ass and I instantly fell in love with the feeling. His big soft hands holding my hips and slapping my ass as i slammed my ass onto his member at speed. He was barely moving at this point, content to let me push off the tree for my own pleasure, feeling the warmth slowly build within my body. 

As darkness began to fall on the forest, he pushed into me again, and I leaned up to turn and kiss him, but he simply grabbed my hair and shoved me roughly against the tree, slamming his beautiful cock into me. I could feel his beautiful impaler twitching, and he kept pounding me, even faster and harder than before. I couldn't believe the feeling as my orgasm approached, in total ecstasy as i could feel him nearing his. 

Without warning, I squealed and my cock spurted all over the tree in front of me as I shivered and shook in absolute bliss, while Tyson groaned and emptied his load into my petite ass. It felt incredible, and i could only moan more as i tensed my ass to milk every last drop of cum from him as he pushed his cum deep inside me. 

My tired body simply turned around and dropped to its knees of its own accord, and I let my mouth drop open as he leaned in. I cleaned his cock like the submissive little boi that i was. Once his cock was clean, we got into the tent and zipped our sleeping bags together for warmth. We spooned together naked, and could feel his soft cock slowly rise once again as it lay between my damp asscheeks. he slipped it inside me again, and we fucked once more. He ejaculated onto my back, before we both rolled over and promptly fell asleep. 

To think that was only the first day of our trip...