 I looked out the window of the breakfast nook in my studio at the guesthouse staring at the pool and the front gate. No one was swimming in the pool now. The 'day-trippers', those who came to sun and play in the nude, had all gone home. The other guests of the guesthouse had gone to their rooms to rest for the evening's activities or to dress for dinner.

I sat, daydreaming, trying to keep my mind from what would happen in the next two hours if my well laid plans to get myself 'well laid' came to fruition. This was, however, a fruitless effort. Of course all I could think about was what was going to happen. I had never had done anything remotely like this. Never before had I ever planned something like this. 

But not this time. This time was different. This time I wanted something. Something for myself. Afterall, it was my birthday and I deserved it, right? I wanted someone who could give me those feelings that I yearned for. Someone who could match my sexual abilities and my inventiveness. Yes, I have an ego. I was not all that experienced but my mind was wild.

We had exchanged e-mails. We had talked on the phone. I had been met him at the university initially and we struck up conversation.  He knew me as the most die hard fan at the school. He may have thought I was a little crazy since I admired so many of the great athletes at the school. But he tolerated my incessant behavior. I think he thought it was cute. But was he gay? I didn’t know but he was cute. He was our star backup quarterback and sure to be star next year since Jason graduated.  

The phone rang. I was expecting his call. In fact, I had been expecting it all day. Kurt and I were supposed to get together and watch a tape of the last game of the season, a game in which he played like the star athlete that he will become next year when he pulled off one of the biggest upsets in school history! It was exciting to know I would be watching a game with the star of the tape! Looking forward with anticipation and trepidation. Wanting it to come, afraid of what it would bring when it did, hoping he was attracted to me, but not really knowing. 

"Hello." I answered.

"Hello Bobby. It's Kurt." the voice I had learned so well in such a short time came over the line.

"Hello, Kurt. It's good to hear your voice again." I said, trying to make my voice seem normal, unconcerned, not sounding like I wanted to scream in joy, frustration and fear. Just ordinary, like I would talk to any of my friends or acquaintances any other day. Calm, like I wasn't burning inside with need and want and desire. Friendly, but light - no hint of the trepidation I felt.

"I'll be there in about 25 minutes." he said.

"I can't wait! I'm so looking forward to it." I said.

And we both hung up.

Twenty-five minutes! That's all I had to prepare. I rushed to the shower, re-shaving even though I'd done so that morning. Making sure that I was totally smooth. I didn't want to give him 'beard burn' in that tender area of a male's body if he was interested in me! Maybe I was assuming too much? But as we became friendlier in the past , he sent signals. I couldn’t be mistaken, could I?

I put on deodorant and cologne - just as if I was going to work, the only time I wear them. I brushed my teeth again. And I still had time to wait!

I didn't know what to do with myself. I decided that, even though I had been naked all weekend, I didn't want to meet him that way. It might scare him off. Maybe I felt too vulnerable, too open. I pulled on a t-shirt and very short cut-offs and sat down at my computer and worked on my new website.

No luck. Couldn't even figure out how to upload! But I had to do something! My heart was racing, my hands were sweating and I was breathing far too quickly. I needed to calm down. I needed to do something with my hands, something that was common for me, something I could do with very little thought. Beer! I would would have an ice cold beer!

My last and only girlfriend on our only Christmas together had bought me the coolest beer thermal sleeve with a picture of our university mascot on it. I had fallen in love with. I remember she asked me if I was sure I'd use. She and I parted two years ago and I still use it. And most times think about that first Christmas when I do.

"Hello."

"The gate's locked." Kurt said, but with a laugh in his voice. He wasn't angry.

"God! I'm sorry! I'll be right out."

I rushed to the door and went walking beside the pool to get to the gate. In the time that I had taken a shower and had made the tea, two guys had come out and were in the pool. They were obviously making out and playing with each other's bodies. I opened the door in the gate which shielded the naked men inside from the world outside.

I was stunned! He looked so goddamned handsome!

We said hello and shook hands. 'What a weird, totally inadequate way to begin.' I thought to myself, but then realized that perhaps it was necessary. To put that emotional distance by making it more like business just for a moment. I didn't care. The vibes that had passed in just those short seconds told me that it was more than likely that this was a man that I could care about, and trust, just enough to let down my defenses and truly allow myself to give and take in full measure. 

There are not many men (not that I have been with many, he was only my third) that can get behind those defenses. Usually when it happens, it comes as a complete shock to me. Sometimes it is a very uncomfortable feeling because I am not sure that I can trust the man enough to show him all of me - everything that I am capable of doing. My abilities are such that with people, I only have to use my technique - without any feelings behind them - and they go crazy. (I told you I have an ego!)

But that's not what I was looking for. I was looking for someone who could match me in power and technique and who I could feel safe enough with to really let myself go. It is hard for me to receive pleasure. To just lay back and be pleasured by another without doing anything myself. But that's what I wanted as well as pleasuring him. I owed it to myself because it was my birthday, and I owed it to him because he was a primo jock with star quality!

We sit down at the table in the little breakfast nook of the kitchen. I offer him a beer. He accepts since the season is over and he is no longer in training. (Damn Bowl games! We will make it next year, I guarantee!). We start to talk. I tell him about me. He already knows a good deal from our previous conversations. I start to ask questions about him. In part, to get to know him better but also to just watch him answer, see the facial expressions, gauge the level of trust I can put in him. He doesn't realize at first what I'm doing. I've spent a couple of years installing fiber optics but I'm a very good listener and someone who it is easy to talk to, easy to open up to.

"You really are our #1 fan, aren’t you?" he laughs.

"Yes, I am. I idolize all of you and the coaches. I admit it”.

"You're very good at it." he said while looking at my shrine to the campus team.

That seemed to turn him on a lot. He stared into my eyes for what seemed like hours. Could I be lucky enough to nail my third player from the team? It sure felt that way. The anticipation was killing me.

”I would like to have sex with you very much”, said Kurt.

’Yes! Yes!’, I thought! ‘I am getting lucky on my birthday!’ 

Stunned because of my initial uncertainty, “Take me Kurt”, is what I said.

We talked for a little while more and then I told him I was calmed down now and ready. We laughed about that and we both stood up from the table. He went to walk to the bedroom, but I put my hand on his shoulder and stopped him. There was something I wanted first, before the sex started. I wanted his arms around me and I wanted him to kiss me. I wanted to establish that I wanted more than just sex - I wanted this to be equally romantic and raunchy.

I got undressed and watched him as he did. His body was 'perfect', he had large pecs and broad shoulders as well as muscular arms. This was not a boy. This was a MAN. And, as I've always believed, 'Don't send a boy to do a man's work!'.

"Turn on your stomach." he growled when he was naked. "You get a massage first."

I liked the 'take charge' tone. Certainly, this is what I wanted. He knelt over my body, my legs between his and covered my back with scented oil. Then he began to massage me. Not hard, not gently but sensuously enough that he soon had me moaning. I could feel his own hardness sliding up and down between my cheeks as he worked on my back. At one point, he lay on my back and massaged me with his chest and abdomen. As he did so, his hardness pushed at my sphincter and I felt a stab of panic. I usually had a chance to prepare myself before a man's entry. But he simply pushed, firmly and slowly until he was buried in me completely.

There was no pain. I knew how to handle him. He wasn't huge, but thick and substantial. I moaned when he bottomed out in me from the joy and the feeling of completeness it gave me. 

Smiling to myself, I relaxed again and waited for him to start the world's oldest rhythm. But, instead, he stayed poised above me, buried inside me, not moving a muscle. I couldn't figure out what he was doing until I heard his voice above and behind me.

"Have you ever had someone piss inside you?" he asked, his voice low and husky.

"Fuck, yes!!!" I moaned. "I love it!" I answered, joy flowing through me. He'd told me he was into watersports, like I am, but I wasn't expecting this!

"Are you going to sleep in this bed tonight? Do you care?" he asked.

It took a moment for his question to register in my brain. Oh! He's worried about leakage.

"I'm sleeping here, and I don't care. As long as it comes from you!" I said, letting him know that this was special to me because it was him.

And that's the way it started. We went back and forth. Sometimes me on top, massaging him, touching him, licking and sucking at his body. I did live up to my 'nickname' and I think it surprised him how good I was at rimming. Certainly, he was moaning quite loudly over it. 

After a while, we took a break. We went out the back door of my studio to the 'play area' - an open expanse of grass with a few deck chairs and a large massage table set up. We wanted to do more watersports but not in the room or the shower. More exciting, more sensual in the cool evening air - outside in the wonder of nature.

The two guys who had been in the pool earlier saw us come out and stood and watched at I was showered and fed more of Kurt's golden essence. I drank gratefully and found it inordinately sweet. What a pleasant surprise! He continued to cover me with his golden liquid and, when there was no more, I lay back on the massage table, drew my legs up with my hands and he entered me once more.

His rhythm was powerful! We brought each other to the brink a number of times. The two guys were watching and occasionally touching Kurt's chest. Perhaps another time, this would have been hot but, instead, it began to break my concentration. I wanted to be focused on Kurt completely. I wanted to maintain my own fantasies for this time.

"Let's go back inside." I said to him. "I want you alone."

Kurt understood and we went back into the studio.

"Please fuck me." I begged him.

He smiled and told me to get on the bed on my stomach. I lay there as he again easily entered me and I pushed back and up, making sure that I got him as deep inside me as I could. I wanted this contact so badly! I wanted to feel him deep inside of me.

He began to fuck me with long powerful strokes. At first I didn't notice, but I finally turned my head to one side and came face to face with the vision of Kurt fucking me! I had forgotten that the doors to the closet next to the bed were fully mirrored!

It's strange to admit, but I have rarely been in the position to see myself being fucked. But the mirrored doors were so close to the bed that I could see everything - especially the look on Kurt's face as he fucked me.

I don't know exactly why it is so exciting to me, but I find the facial expressions of a male in heat to be an incredible turn-on! The grimaces, the smiles, the ecstacy which are revelations of the sensory stimulations that he is feeling cause a deep rush of pride and pleasure to flow through me. It is the idea that my body, my actions are giving him this pleasure that send me into realms of satisfaction and sends thrills through me as if I were almost orgasming myself. 

And so I lay there and watched. I watched him pound my hole with his cock. I watched as my hips moved up and back, helping to slam his cock deeper and harder into me. I watched as my ass swivelled and tilted to bring his driving cock into contact with more and different parts of my inner recesses. And, above all, I lay there and watched his reaction to all these things.

I was so intent on giving him pleasure and watching it happen that I forgot about my own orgasm. Indeed, I was having an orgasm deep inside – an emotional, psychological one - from the evident pleasure that I could give this man who's 'business' was pleasure. A heady ego boost, to say the least! When he finally did cum deep in my butt, I almost lost it myself! But I was too busy watching him to be concerned with me.

When it was over, he lay down on top of me and rested. This is, I have to admit, one of my favorite things about being fucked. Having a sweaty, exhausted and satisfied male animal resting his moist body on mine and having his arms around me as the last shudders of the 'after-shocks' of his orgasm happen. The scents are strong then - the sweat from his exertion, the scent of the fuck itself, combine to create a miasma of horny, rutting maleness which stimulates my senses and fulfills my desire for scents.

Finally, he rose over me and asked how I wanted to get off. At first I wanted him to sit on my face and again let me revel in his tasty, sweaty and beautiful ass. But as he rose above me and I buried my face in his butt, he began to play with my ass.

Now, as a rule, I do not like my butt 'played' with. I don't like fingers, I don't like dildos. I have a saying "If it ain't real - it ain't worth it!". While I love to play with other guy's butts and have been a very successful 'fisting top' for quite a long time, this type of play never turned me on. I love to be fucked, I hate to be fisted. In fact, I've only be successfully fisted one time in my life - and that by the 'top' who trained me. But even when he succeeded, I got nothing out of it and so I never bothered with it again.

Kurt, however, had very magic fingers! They felt almost as good in my hole as his cock did! And that's really saying something, coming from me! Soon, I gave myself over completely to his manipulations of my butt and there I was, on my knees in 'doggy' position begging for more of his hand. He wasn't able to fist me, but he got four fingers up my hole before I came, screaming out in my mindless pleasure.

I then lay in Kurt’s arms for a while and he held me while I recovered myself. It was so nice to have this muscular, warm male holding me. It was what I wanted and what I finally got. The one thing I dislike about encounters in the baths is this part of the sex act - the 'afterwards' with its touching and holding - is so often eliminated. Get up, put on the towel and leave as quickly as possible! It's like "I love you. Fuck me. Now get out!". Except it's them who are getting the fuck out! 

Kurt did stay for a little while after it was over. I didn't expect him to. I figured, business was concluded - on to the next customer. But it wasn't like that at all! When I looked at the clock, I was shocked to see that we had played for almost three hours!

After Kurt left, I went out to dinner by myself. I really don’t have many friends. But I wanted to be alone. I wanted to savor the after-glow of being with Kurt and relive, for a while, all that had gone on between us. Later, when I got back to the guesthouse, there were males around playing. I looked at the scene and shook my head. There was no way that anything I could do now wouldn't be a pale shadow of what had been a time of sexual surrender and abandon for me. I knew no one would 'hold a candle' to Kurt, so why try? Instead, I went to my room and went to sleep - exhausted by all of the encounters of the day.

Will I see him again? Yes, I'm sure of it. He is only a sophomore! But I don’t think I can be tied down to one man.