 My 49th birthday landed on a Tuesday and being a week night, the celebration was fun, somewhat low key as both my wife and I and our friends all had jobs to wake up for the next morning. Instead, I'd saved my BIG plans for the weekend when my buddy Mark and I planned to hang out, watch some football and drink some beer. At least that was the official story for our wives. Mark had told me little about our real plans but to expect to have my "world rocked!"

Mark and I had met when he and a friend invited me to join them in their hotel tryst. While his friend was OK, Mark and I ended becoming good friends and lovers, sneaking away from our wives as often as possible so we could get naked and have some hot nasty man sex. Most of the time, we would grab a cheap hotel room or, when time was short, a quickie in a parking lot. When free time was unavailable, there was plenty of steamy phone sex, emails or sexting. Mark was always willing to do just about anything I asked. I could always count on him to excuse himself from his office and go into the bathroom stall and snap a quick pic of his hot asshole or to jerk himself off and take a pic of himself eating his own cum.

Sunday arrived and I was so ready to find out what Mark had planned. Having sex with him would have been plenty for me, but knowing he and I shared the same sexual appetite, I knew I was in for something special.

Mark had me meet over at his house. Even though his wife was out, he ushered me into his car and we drove off towards another destination. After a short 15 minute drive, we pulled into an apartment complex and he quickly found a parking spot. We walked through the complex, up a flight of stairs and stopped at a door and knocked.

We didn't have to wait more than 3 seconds and the door opened and a nice looking guy greeted us and invited us in. Our polite host was introduced to me as Tim. He and I shook hands firmly and we were ushered into his modest apartment and walked right into his living room where, on the TV, the Packers were slaughtering the Cowboys.

Looking around and observing the furniture, the décor and some family pictures, it was clear this wasn't a single man's apartment.

"My girlfriend is away for a long weekend. It's only us guys today!" He said with a wink. "Why don't you guys grab a brew and relax. I just got back from the gym so I'm going to grab a quick shower. Back in a minute!"

After handing us each a bottle he turned and walked towards a bedroom. This gave me a chance to really get a good look. He looked to be about the same age as me and Mark, perhaps a bit younger. While Mark and I each carried a few extra pounds, Tim was also a big guy, but perhaps a little less chub and a bit more muscle. What made him really sexy, was his shaved head and neatly trimmed goatee. I watched his sexy, muscular butt disappear down the hallway.

"What's his story?" I asked Mark.

Mark just gave me a sly smile and plopped down on a big couch and took a big swig of beer. I shrugged and sat down next to him and watched the game. It didn't take long and Mark had his hand in my crotch, rubbing me to a stiffy restrained by my jeans. I figured that was a clear signal that we were free to do what we wanted so I leaned over and started necking with my best friend. Soon we were full-on French kissing each other, tongues twisting around in each other's mouth.

I had my arms around him, pulling him into me and I had maneuvered myself on top of him and we were grinding our crotches together while our mouths and tongues continued their noisy wet dance. I started reaching under his shirt, pulling it up so I could play with his nipples and begin to get him naked. My hand found a hard nip and lightly pinched it, causing Mark to moan into our deep kissing. He put up no resistance and soon I had him shirtless, exposing his nipples and making them available to me to kiss down his neck and chest and find one to lick and nibble.

I was then in a perfect position to bring a free hand down his back and slip it into his loose fitting pants and under the elastic of his boxers. I found a butt cheek which I squeezed and massaged and used to pull him harder into me. By this time, since I had lowered down to suck on a nipple, and then the other, his crotch was pressed into my chest. I could feel how turned on he was by how hard his cock felt even through his pants.

All of sudden, he pushed me off him and started pulling at my clothes, clearly wanting to get me naked. Like two crazed cage fighters, we were almost clawing at each other, pulling, pushing, almost slamming against each other. In seconds, we were both buck naked and rolling on the floor, again kissing and grinding into each other. I love the way Mark's naked body feels against mine and having our bellies, chests, legs and hard cocks pressed together is such a wickedly good feeling. And I love the way Mark likes to make out, with lots of tonguing, noisy lip smacking and saliva swapping. Nevertheless, I whispered to him, "I need some cock!"

Mark gave me a look that clearly said, "Me too!"

With that, Mark and I rearranged ourselves into a familiar 69 and swiftly swallowed each other's cocks. We were both hard as nails. His was leaking precum and tasted delicious and I hoped he was enjoying the same wonderful sensation as me. However he enjoyed it, he was clearly attacking my cock with great enthusiasm and his wet mouth and tongue was working magic on my cock.

We started out on our sides, but Mark was pulling on my ass cheeks and at one point, arranged me on top of him. Without missing a beat, we both showing our expert cock sucking skills and neither let the other's cock slip out. I was in heaven, with my best friend under me, feeding me his delicious cock, while he nursed mine and played with my ass with hands and teased my hole with an occasional finger.

I hadn't completely forgotten about Tim, but imagine my surprise when I felt Mark grab both of my butt cheeks, pull them open, exposing my hole to the open air. Then, I felt the unmistakable sensation of someone sniffing and breathing warm air against my exposed anus. I could feel my asshole twitch involuntarily with each puff of someone's hot breath and I nearly jump when a wet tongue brushed the sensitive flesh of my sphincter.

Now I'm usually the one licking the asshole as it really turns me on. Usually, I get more out of doing it than having it done to me. But this time, I was being treated to a fantastic rim job and really getting off on it.

It could only be Tim doing this to me, and he was obviously a real pro at ass munching. Soon, he was alternately making wet licks on the outside and sticking his stiffened tongue deep into the inside. I'd never been fucked in the ass but I have to imagine, his tongue was doing a very good job of taking my anal virginity. At one point, Mark had his hands firmly pulling my butt cheeks open, giving Tim totally free access to my hole. 

Tim's aggressive tongue-fucking on my ass had me planted firmly into Mark's mouth. My cock was as hard as it's ever been and was deep inside Mark's mouth. I've enjoyed sex with him a several times but I was amazed to learn of his talent for deep throating. I was pinned between the mouths of these two talented men and could barely muster enough movement of my hips to properly fuck my friend's mouth. Still, I managed a slight thrust motion. To Tim's credit, each time I pushed back, his tongue seemed to go deeper in my asshole. Opposite, Tim, Mark's tonsils seemed to welcome the head of my cock and I pushed deeper in him.

I couldn't tell if we'd been at it a few seconds or even an hour. I was lost in a sea of man sex and was becoming intoxicated at this erotic feast. My orgasm started to build and my thrusts become quicker and shorter. Starting at my ass, I could feel my sphincter almost grasp Tim's tongue and my balls, which had been slapping Mark's forehead, pulled up into my body. Almost explosively, my cock pulsed and then spewed my cum into Marks welcoming mouth. He had cleverly moved back enough that my cock head was just inside his mouth and he was catching the entire load. Tim was still behind me, firmly holding my hips and pressing his face into my ass. 

After my orgasm subsided, Tim released his hold on me and I rolled gently off to the side and turned to look at my two hot lovers. Mark rolled up off his back, his mouth firmly closed, holding onto what was surely a huge wad of my cum. He and Tim shared a look and the two of them leaned to each other and pressed their lips together and began some serious frenching. I could see clearly, the wetness of a nasty snowball spread from Mark's to Tim's face as they swapped my cum from one tongue to the other and back. Soon, both their lips were messy and wet as their lips slid, slickly lubricated with my sperm. I could imagine that Mark, while enjoying the taste of cum, was also getting a sample of my asshole from Tim's lips. 

Though I was spent, this was one of the most erotic sights I'd ever seen. My cock had softened only slightly but was now stiffening again and anxious to go again.

My two hot friends were fired up and still going at it with their ferocious necking. After a few minutes, Tim pulled Mark up off the floor, sat him down on the couch, crawled between his legs and started sucking the cock that I had been sucking earlier but ended up neglecting in favor of enjoying Tim's rim job.

Mark was good and hard and giving Tim a mouthful which he clearly enjoyed. Here I was, laying on the floor, basking in a post-orgasmic bliss watching two hot men having hot sex in front of me: one expertly blowing the other.

It was obvious that Tim enjoyed sucking cock as much as eating asshole, as I could clearly hear him moaning in spite of his full mouth of Mark. He was also just a good at it as Mark was also moaning softly as his friend slobbed up and down on his hard cock. 

Not to be left out, I climbed up on the couch next to Mark and brought my lips to his. Our mouths open and our tongues resumed the mouth to mouth action as earlier. I could feel his increasing arousal through his mouth as Tim's expert blow job technique was having its effect on Mark. Soon, Mark was groaning into my mouth as his orgasm began. He was almost screaming into my mouth as his body shook and I could sense him pumping into Tim's mouth. I held Mark tightly to me, kissing him violently through his orgasm and softer as it subsided. Finally, I had to switch to soft smooches as he had to try to relax and catch his breath.

I looked over and found Tim looking up at me, smiling, but with his lips closed firmly. Knowing exactly what he was thinking, I leaned over and pressed my lips to his and began to snowball my friend's cum with his hot, sexy, masculine friend, just like they had done with mine earlier.

Since Tim hadn't cum yet, I decided it was time for his reward. Still kissing him, I managed to work him over to the couch, next to relaxing Mark, and got between his legs. (I hadn't really paid attention until now, but he was totally naked and must have come into the room after his shower, ready for action.) His cock was nicely shaped, not huge, not small. Nice purple, throbbing head that had a bit of wetness from some drops of precum. I rubbed my hands up and down his muscular thighs as I brought my face in close proximity to his crotch. I wanted to open my mouth and consume him right there, but I decided to prolong this and avoided direct contact, but instead, sniffed, inhaled and puffed warm air into his crotch, much like he done to me earlier before eating me out.

After several minutes of teasing him by sniffing along his cock, balls and almost to his asshole, he began to grow impatient and began to thrust and stab at my mouth with his drippy cock. After a few expertly ducking his thrusts, I surprised him by opening my mouth and taking him inside, sucking him past my lips, over my tongue and all the way to the back of my throat. I heard him gasp and felt a spurt of precum shoot onto my tongue. I moaned my approval and encouragement and quickened my pace slightly. 

I sensed some movement above me. Looking up, I saw Mark and Tim frenching wildly, just as Mark and I had done while he was being blown. The sheer eroticism of this afternoon was really having a good effect on me and encouraged me to give my best blow job ever. It was obviously having a similar effect on Tim as I felt him swell and then the inevitable flood of man spoo spilled into my hungry mouth. I had back off enough to allow room for it to fill my mouth and avoided swallowing. There was plenty of it as it filled me completely, coating my tongue and leaking through my closed lips. As his cock softened and withdrew, I pulled the wet head to my lips and smear the wetness that remained on the tip all over the outside of my lips.

I looked up, expectantly at Mark, as if telling him silently, "You know what's coming now!"

He did indeed know, and he and I pressed our lips together and started our own nasty snowball kiss with his friend's sperm flowing into his mouth and back into mine and back and forth.

We continued our little man-orgy until Mark and I had to go back home. I still see Mark and sometimes we get together with Tim. I've also had a few one-on-ones with Tim as he lives closer to me than Mark. One time, he even called me over and let me suck him after he'd fucked his girlfriend. I could taste her pussy and I almost orgasmed just by sucking him.