 Each year my friend, Andy, takes me out to lunch for my birthday. Although I find him very attractive, and I think the feeling is mutual, we've never had sex together. My thought was it might ruin a great friendship. However, sex is often a topic of discussion between the two of us. Our lunch conversation ranges from bitching about work to guys we've dated recently.

But I missed everything Andy was talking about when I saw a gorgeous guy walk into the restaurant by himself and be escorted to a window table. He was about six feet tall, with curly black hair. long dark eyelashes, steel blue eyes, a deep brown tan and a physique that couldn't be hidden by the causal Italian clothes he was wearing. With his square jaw and neatly trimmed black mustache he looked like a male calendar model. My eyes must have lingered on him a little too long, because he sensed someone was watching him and looked over my way. Embarrassed, I quickly looked away, but not before he flashed me a beautiful white smile as his gaze returned to his menu.

Andy brought me out of my fog with "Jeff, snap out of it! You haven't heard a work I've said. I was asking you what you wanted for your birthday."

I smiled, thought for a moment and responded, "Actually, the best birthday present in the world would be the guy sitting at the table behind you. He really makes my balls sweat."

Andy glanced over his shoulder, looked back at me with a shit-eating grin and proceeded to tell me he actually knew the guy. He'd met him at a friend's party one night a couple months before. He told me the guy was gay, Italian and single. His name was Tony and he was a fireman for the city - and a really nice guy. I couldn't believe it! The man of my (wet) dreams was sitting at the next table and my best friend Andy knew him.

After finishing our salads, Andy excused himself to use the rest room, but instead he walked right over to Tony's table and started talking with him. Tony looked over, waved, got up and came over. He wished me "Happy Birthday" and said he would make it a birthday I would never forget if I didn't have plans that evening. Through my stuttering and stammering, I was able to tell him I had no plans and gave him my address.

At the agreed upon time of ten P.M. my doorbell rang and I opened the door to find my dream date with a bouquet of roses and a bottle of champagne. He walked in, set down his offerings, and began unbuttoning my shirt as he kissed me roughly. Tony led me to the couch and said he didn't think it was going to be necessary for us to go out to celebrate my birthday. Within seconds, I was totally nude, with this muscular man making love to every inch of my body. His mouth was everywhere - my ear lobes, my nipples, my balls. His tongue was suddenly fucking my right ear and it was sending shivers down my entire torso. He worked his way down to one armpit and then the other, giving each a generous bath.

As he neared my crotch, again he ignored my cock completely. Instead, he took both balls into his mouth and rolled them around and around. The sensation of his hot mouth on my nuts, and his rough five o'clock shadow on the inside of my thighs, was driving me crazy. I reached for my throbbing prick to jerk myself to some relief.

"Not so fast! I told you this was going to be a birthday to remember and I'm going to make you come like never before without either one of us ever touching your cock!"

His rough tongue was soon sending shock waves through my asshole as he repeatedly licked back and forth over the puckered opening. I wasn't even aware of how my legs had gotten up over his shoulders. He rolled his tongue and pressed it against my ass. It felt as if I was being fucked by a massive cock as he worked it inside. He proceeded to fuck me better with his tongue than most guys could with their dick. All the time, I was moaning and arching my back to get more of his tongue inside me. My cock was purple with bulging veins and so hard it was almost painful. There was nothing I could do to relieve the pressure building up.

As he continued to ream out my ass, Tony somehow managed to remove his clothes. His body looked perfectly sculpted. The close-trimmed black hair on his pecs ran down his abs to his groin giving him more definition. I caught a glimpse of a cock so big it looked fake; jutting out of a manicured ebony bush. The head was a little bigger than a golf ball, with a shaft as big around as my wrist. Tied around the base, working as a cock ring, was a big red bow! He wasn't kidding - he really was my birthday gift.

My fireman lifted me off the couch and onto the floor. Straddling my body, I thought he was going to allow me to lick and suck his head, shaft and shaved balls. But it was just more teasing as he kept his dripping cock just out of my mouth and tongue's reach. He began to lick the inside of my thighs and move his tongue down my legs, bathing every surface along the way. My legs were turned so he could lick the sweat from behind my knees, creating feelings I had never experienced before. Then his body moved toward my feet, giving me a perfect view of a rosy red asshole as it winked at me through moist black curls of hair. My entire body ached to lap up the juices in his butt crack, but I was being held down by Tony's legs resting on my arms. I couldn't do anything but stare at the white globes of his ass in fascination as they flexed, and become lost in the scent of man-sex.

Then I experienced yet another new sensation as he began to individually lick each one of my fingers as if it were a prick. He sucked my right index finger exactly as if he were giving me a world-class blowjob. Tony then repositioned his body and began to do the same to each of my toes. As he licked the arches of my feet I was close to screaming - somewhere between laughing hysterically from being tickled and complete ecstasy. And then I could hold back no more. Spurt after spurt of white hot juice shot out of my cock.

Tony raised his body off mine, allowing us both to be covered with my birthday blast. Some hit my face and I stuck out my tongue to savor my first taste of the evening's festivities. All the time, Tony never quit licking, kissing and sucking the surfaces of my body.

He swung around, smiling at me with his perfect teeth and kissed me with his salty lips. He mouthed the words "Happy Birthday" and again started licking his way down my cum-covered chest. I was so exhausted all I could do was melt in his strong hairy arms as he continued. My legs were lifted in the air and his rough face was again at my asshole, biting at the opening to what felt like the center of my being.

Before I knew what was happening, it felt like my ass was being pried in two. With one steady, strong stroke the entire length of his monster cock slid into me, knocking the wind out of me in the process. At the same time, my limber sex partner was taking my still-hard cock into his magic mouth. As I felt the birthday ribbon, around the base of his probe, tickling the underside of my balls, I knew all my birthday wishes were coming true. Tony was right. This was a birthday I would never forget - and the night was still young.