 PRELUDE

Derrick Johnson woke up with his piss hard-on that Saturday morning which was not unusual for the 24-year-old hunk. He remained in bed for a few minutes before heading for the bathroom. If he had a girl in bed with him he would have fucked her into submission with his morning erection. He looked over at the tender 21-year-old beauty in bed with him. The pretty gay was lying on his stomach with one leg lightly tucked up underneath him. The posture emphasized the shape of his perfect ass. The same ass that Derrick had cum three times in it the night before.

With the pressure in his bladder unbearable Derrick finally rolled his 6'2" 190-pound frame out of bed and made his way to the bathroom. Once he relieved himself and washed up, he returned to his bedroom and studied the slender 5'5" 130-pound flawless body in his bed. Brent had dark brown hair that covered his neck and ears. His body was golden tan except for his lily-white ass, from all the hours in the sun. The skin was smooth and without a blemish on it. 

Brent's ass was to die for and Derrick loved fucking the young pretty gay. When he was kneeling behind Brent with his big dick in the shapely bottom, it was a most erotic sight. No ass ever looked better to Derrick. He loved watching his cock, a smidge over seven inches, slide in and out between the sweet cheeks. Now as he studied the desirable ass, his cock stiffened without being touched.

He made his way back to bed and took the bottle of lotion off the night stand. He stood near the bed stroking his cock and staring at the lovely ass. Most women would kill for an ass like Brent's. Derrick thought back to when he first became comfortable fucking cute gay guys. It was when he was stationed in Italy and he met a number of cute young men who loved to get fucked with his big dick. Just then Brent rolled to his side and Derrick decided to give him a wakeup call. He got in bed on his side behind the pretty gay. He applied more lotion making his cock very slick and then he eased it into the scrumptious ass.

Brent woke up when he felt the anal penetration and whispered, "This is my favorite position."

It was Derrick's second favorite position for butt fucking. His favorite position was with Brent on all fours with his curvy bubble butt in the air. Derrick began moving slowly in and out of his pretty neighbor and Brent guided Derrick's hand to his cock. Derrick grasped the 5" cock in his big hand and stroked it while he fucked the effeminate Brent. Derrick was in no hurry as he loved being in the sweet ass and he always tried to prolong his ejaculation.

They stayed coupled in the spoon position for nearly a half hour. Brent came first and then Derrick filled his rectum with his seed. Brent loved the feeling of cum shooting into him and Derrick always produced large loads especially the first of the day. They stopped moving and Derrick let his cock soften in the gripping ass and slip out on its own. Brent cooed when the big dick slid out of his ass.

"I'm going to put some coffee on," Derrick said as he rolled out of bed and slapped Brent on his butt. 

On the way to the kitchen, he checked the weather and it was still raining. He would be in all day and since he didn't have plans for Saturday night, he would fuck Brent as often as he could until he wouldn't be able to cum anymore. His girlfriend Susan, a flight attendant, was flying that weekend and wouldn't be back until Monday morning. He had a great setup as she didn't like to have sex in Derrick's apartment since he had a roommate. So, they always had sex at her place. Susan didn't know that Derrick was fucking Brent too.

The coffee was ready so Derrick poured two cups and brought them to the bedroom. Brent sat up in bed not bothering to cover himself. The two young men sat naked on the bed having their morning coffee. 

"It's still raining and it looks like it will all day."

"Are there thunderstorms?"

"No just a steady rain but that takes care of any outside activities."

"Maybe we could go to the Jacuzzi again. It was so exciting the last time when you fucked me there in the rainstorm."

"Sure we could do that, after breakfast we'll head down there." 

"But before breakfast I want you to fuck me again. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Massage my ass and lubricate my anus." 

They put the coffee cups down and Brent rolled over on his belly and Derrick began to massage the curvy ass. He worked it just as he had any guys and girls he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated Brent's boy hole. Derrick put one then two fingers in him and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Derrick. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time." 

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Derrick got up on the bed and lowered his body onto Brent. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided to puckered rubbery ring. Brent held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter for a second time that morning. Derrick was thoughtful and gentle as he always was and slowly penetrated his gay lover. Brent's ass opened up and welcomed the impressive cock into the warm snug passage. Derrick held still and let Brent move under him before he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together just as they had many times before. Brent rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. This move accentuated the round shape of his lovely ass. Derrick like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Brent groaned repeatedly each time Derrick buried his cock in the receptive ass.

Every time Derrick drove his cock into the sweet bottom, Brent lifted his hips to receive the cock. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Derrick wrapped his arms around Brent's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Derrick felt just like he was in Susan's ass. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot another massive load into Brent's rectum.

Brent groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. He moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into Brent and remained still as Brent clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. Derrick was still hard when he removed his cock and got off the bed. Brent turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Derrick watched the pretty gay jerk off. 

"Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Derrick moved back to Brent who lifted his legs to receive the stiff cock. He eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Brent stroked his cock as Derrick fucked him. He watched as Brent closed his eyes and felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as Brent ejaculated. The load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

"I think that you like fucking me."

"Of course I do. You have the nicest ass I have ever fucked. Get up now and I'll make breakfast. Later we can hit the Jacuzzi if it is still raining."

THREE MONTHS EARLIER

It was three months ago when Derrick renewed his acquaintance with Brent. They had gone to the same high school but Brent was three years behind Derrick. After high school Derrick, had enlisted in the military and spent four years on active duty. After he was honorably discharged he took a job with a manufacturing company working in their data center. He worked during the day and attended college at night using the G.I. Bill and company tuition reimbursement. 

Brent was going to the same college expect that he was a full-time student and a sophomore. They met in the library one weekend when they were both doing research. He remembered the handsome hunk but Derrick didn't know the younger Brent. After they finished at the library, they met for coffee at a nearby cafe and got reacquainted. Derrick suspected immediately that Brent was gay as he was so damn pretty and had a killer ass. Each time Derrick looked at the shapely bottom in the tight slacks, he felt his loins stir. He couldn't help but think back to his tour of duty in Italy when he fucked several cute effeminate young Italian men. That had been his introduction to bisexual encounters and he had to admit that he did enjoy fucking those cute bottoms.

Brent shared he frustration with living at home and being a commuter student. It was just hard with his parent's around so much and the chores he still had to do at home. That's when Derrick decided to fuck him if that's what Brent wanted. He invited Brent back to his apartment and they had sex that night and Sunday morning. When they arrived at the apartment it didn't take long to get things going

"I only have white wine and beer." Derrick offered. Susan was the white wine drinker

"A beer is fine."

They finished their drinks quickly as by then they were both anxious to get started. Brent went into the bedroom and undressed with his back to Derrick. He did that purposely so that his ass would be on display. He peeled off the slacks and underwear and it was like unveiling a master piece. Derrick felt his cock harden in his pants.

Derrick took off his pants and shirt but Brent stopped him before he removed his boxer underwear. "Let me do that," Brent said his voice cracking slightly.

He knelt down in front of the handsome stud and hooked his fingers in the boxers. He pulled them down slowly so that the big cock would spring out of its confinement. He gasped when big thick big bobbed in front of his face. He pulled the underwear down the muscular legs and Derrick stepped out of them. Brent held the cock in his soft hand and admired it. He lowered his mouth and sucked on the head. He would never be able to deep throat Derrick's cock as it had to be over seven inches long and it was thick.

Brent was an excellent cock sucker and Derrick knew that he would cum soon. He pulled the tall stud closer and he began to fondle his balls and stroke his perineum. Derrick was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded the succulent mouth. Brent handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of spurting cock. He held onto the muscular buttocks as he continued to suck the cock keeping it hard. 

"I love your big cock. I could play with it all day. Would you like to fuck me now?"

Brent got in the bed and within minutes Derrick was buried balls deep in the tight ass. Brent was flattened on the bed face down as Derrick drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new lover. Brent's ass moved underneath but Derrick's strength and drive kept the slender gay pinned under him. The powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the sweet ass. His thick cock drove into Brent and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Brent felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me this time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!"

Derrick continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his lover driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his ejaculation building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the receptive hot ass. He felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Derrick felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. He stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck Brent's ass as the semen in the anal passage coated his shaft. 

Brent sensed that Derrick was up for another round without pulling out of his ass and whispered, "Derrick if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

He rolled to his side keeping his cock in the lovely ass as he pulled the slender gay to the side. His hands wrapped around and caressed the smooth skinned body. He gently pinched Brent's nipples and kept fucking him until they both ejaculated. Brent came two times before Derrick came in the gripping clenching ass again. The first-time Brent ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Derrick lost it and dumped another load in the cum-filled ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Derrick's cock slowly deflated and slipped from the curvy bottom. 

Brent asked him if he was the first gay that Derrick ever fucked. Derrick admitted to his bisexual encounters in Italy but told Brent he was the first American. Brent smiled and wiggled his bottom against Derrick's pubes and they cuddled for several more minutes.

"Do you think we can get together again sometime?"

"I'll tell you what, my lease is up in a month on this apartment. I was going to upgrade to a two-bedroom but they don't have any available at this time. They do have a three bedroom that rents for a $100 a month more than the two-bedroom. If you are willing to pay the $100 you can move in with me. You said you were tired of living at home."

"Oh man, are you serious? Hell, yes I'll move in with you and pay the $100."

"Good, we can set up the third bedroom as an office and use it to study. Now, I have to tell you that I am seeing this girl who is a flight attendant. She's a cute blonde and we have good sex together. She's gone a lot because of her flight schedule."

"I'm cool with that but will she be? Didn't she want to move in with you?"

"No she wants to be independent and besides I don't want a girl decorating my pad. Do you have furniture?"

"Yeah, the stuff in my room at home."

"Okay, once we have the new place, we'll move you in. Are your parents going to be okay with this arrangement?"

"Yeah, my dad will be glad I'm out of the house."

"Good, let's grab a shower and have another beer. Then I need to get you home."

A month later Brent was moved in with Derrick. There was a bus stop right in front of the apartment complex and Brent could take that to school. It was a sweet arrangement for both of them. Susan was cool with Derrick having a roommate but of course she didn't know about the bisexuality and she insisted on sex at her place. Derrick always cooled it with Brent when he knew he would be having sex with Susan. 

RAINY JACUZZI DAY

Just as Derrick had promised, after breakfast the two of them went to the Jacuzzi. It was a steady rain and no one was by the swimming pool or in the hot tub. The Jacuzzi setup at the complex was pretty neat. It was surrounded by a wooden platform with a cedar shake roof overhead. There were three steps leading up to the deck and it was three-quarters enclosed by a wooden fence. 

Brent recalled the first time he and Derrick had sex in the hot tub on a rainy day. He was nervous as all get out at first but then got into it. Brent entered the Jacuzzi and eased his body in slowly as he adjusted to the hot water. He eventually found a seat and jets to his liking. Derrick smiled at him and they both relaxed in the warm bubbly water. 

Just as he had the last time, Derrick sat up on the side of the tub. Brent watched as he pulled his bikini swim suit to the side and freed his big erect cock. 

"Remember, no one can see us in the rain. Come over here and suck my cock. I'll keep an eye out and if someone comes I'll warn you,"

Brent stared at the impressive cock that had been in his mouth and ass several times. Just as he had the first time, he moved over in front and lowered his mouth to envelop the stiff dick. Within seconds Brent was engrossed with sucking cock and dismissed all apprehensions. As he was sucking the big dick, the rain steadily increased.

"I'm going to fuck that hot ass of yours again. Did you bring the cream?"

"Yes, let me get it."

Brent climbed out of the hot tub and retrieved the tube of cream. He re-entered the hot tub and leaned over one side facing the entrance. Derrick pulled Brent's Speedo swim suit down to his knees and lubricated the curvy bottom. He pushed his own Speedo down and eased his cock into the welcoming rectum.

"Oh man, I can't believe that we are doing this outdoors again. This is so fucking hot."

"You do have the most fuckable ass."

Derrick moved at a steady rhythmic pace sliding his thick cock in and out of the shapely bottom. He would pull back until just the head of his cock stayed in and then he would drive deep into the anal passage. He caressed the lovely buttocks that looked very enticing as they glistened with water. It was an unexpected public encounter but Brent and Derrick were going to enjoy every minute of it.

"I'm close. Do you want me to cum in you or on you?"

"Oh cum in me, I want to feel it."

The timer had shut off and the water in the Jacuzzi calmed but the two of them seemed unaware of the change. Holding on to the slender hips, Derrick picked up the pace and drilled his effeminate roommate. Brent's buttocks jiggled with each thrust which was always a turn-on for Derrick. One final thrust and the cock was held deep in the clenching rectum as a torrent of semen flooded the anal channel. Holding his cock in deep he enjoyed the contractions of the sphincter around his pulsating shaft. 

Derrick remained hard and kept his cock buried in the lovely bottom. The rain was really coming down and they couldn't see past the Jacuzzi entrance. Sitting down on a Jacuzzi seat, Derrick lifted Brent with him and kept his cock in his ass. Needing desperately to cum, Brent jerked off while sitting on the big dick. He bounced up and down as he stroked his cock and then Derrick felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft. His groans were inaudible due to the noise of the Jacuzzi jets and the heavy rain as he shot streams of semen up into the air and into the hot tub. He leaned back into Derrick with the big dick filling his ass and they both remained still for several minutes.

Eventually Derrick lifted Brent up and let him sit on a Jacuzzi seat. Recognizing the timer had shut off; he got out of the hot tub to reset it. Brent watched as Derrick climbed out of the tub with his still erect cock dangling from his body. He knew that he was in for another butt fucking before they left the hot tub. Brent slid along the seat and found a forceful jet that he placed his anus against. In a way, he was douching his asshole in a hot tub. Even that was erotic for him. It didn't take long before he was bent over the side of the tub again with Derrick's big cock drilling his ass. This time he pulled out and ejaculated on Brent's back. It wasn't a big load since it was his fourth of the day. Derrick was always pleased that he was able to cum four times, Brent's ass did that to him. Brent jerked off again while he was getting fucked and dumped another sizeable load in the water. 

"Come on, the rain is letting up. Let's go in. I have no fire left in my stick."

The two of them got out of the Jacuzzi, dried off and put their Speedos and tees on. They walked back to the apartment with Derrick teasing Brent and grabbing his alluring ass several times. Once inside they showered and then sat around in workout shorts and tee shirts. They both had homework to get done and spent the rest of Saturday afternoon working on it. Later they called out for pizza and enjoyed a few beers while watching a movie. That night they slept in their own bed as they had nothing left for any sex.

SUNDAY AN INSATIABLE DAY

Derrick woke up to an erotic dream Sunday morning as he dreamt that a lovely girl was sucking his cock. Only it wasn't a dream and it wasn't a lovely girl. It was a lovey gay. Brent had come to Derrick's room and saw the hunk naked in bed. He too was naked and crawled in bed with Derrick. Unable to resist the impressive cock, he took it in his mouth and sucked it until Derrick woke up and realized what was happening.
