 [Please note: the characters in this story are fortunate enough to live in a world where STIs and unplanned pregnancies are not an issue. Condoms are your friend - use them!] - PLEASE ITALICIZE SQUARE BRACKETS CONTENT - THANKS!



The next day, Zach came over to Christian's place again to hang out and, he hoped, to jerk off together again.

"How's it going, man?" Zach asked as he stepped into his friend's place. 

"Still in love, sadly," Christian replied. 

The previous night the pair had gone out to see a concert at a local venue and Christian had spotted a gorgeous girl who had taken his breath away. While he had mustered up the courage to talk to her, she quickly mentioned that she was there with her boyfriend but was gracious enough to let him down easy. Although Christian was mature enough to cut his losses, he was still taken with how beautiful she was.

"It's those damnable freckles!" Zach proclaimed. "Although I guess it's better than being obsessed with tits and ass like me. I'm unfortunate to have my heart broken multiple times a day."

"Oh, I'm a tits and ass man, too," Christian replied. "The freckles just help me differentiate between girls who are hot and girls who are really, really hot."

"So what do you want to do?" Zach asked, laughing.

"Well, I was thinking we could go over some of our notes from this last semester, just to make sure that we really know all the material we just learned," Christian began, and was met by a deadpan look from his friend. "No, but seriously, I was hoping you'd be up for watching some more porn like we watched yesterday. I've been downloading videos since last night and I've been waiting for you to get here before I checked them out."

"Say no more," Zach said as he pulled up a chair to sit beside his friend, both boys taking their pants and underwear off first.

The first video began with a young black girl standing in a room wearing purple stocking and a matching teddy. Her perky tits were pushed up and looked absolutely delicious, as did her succulent black pussy lips. She had a very pretty face, with big, brown eyes and a sly grin. As the camera panned backwards, the audience could see why she was smiling: standing in front of a nearby bed were three men wearing blindfolds with their hands tied in front of them, semi-erect with anticipation. All three men were trim and muscular, with two of them having above-average 7" cocks and the third, a Black man, with an 8" piece. The girl walked slowly and seductively past the trio, eying up each one while running a hand gingerly against their anxious penises. When she got to the end of the line, she announced to the group in a sultry voice: 'whichever of you lasts the longest without cumming will get a special treat...but it's going to be very hard.'

Christian and Zach both groaned and laughed at the horribly predictable porn pun, however both guys were already stroking their hard cocks watching the ebony temptress before them.

She started out by pushing the first man in the row, the Black one, into a sitting position on the edge of the bed and proceeded to stick her gorgeous tits in his face. Her lapped and gobbled at them furiously, licking and gobbling at her long nipples which she frequently brought just out of range of his mouth to tease him. He was clearly becoming frustrated by her sexual flirtation as he struggled against his bonds, however he was obviously also very aroused as his impressive package quickly hit it's full length and girth. After another minute of that she moved onto the next fellow in line, pushing him onto his back on the bed and rotating him so his head was closest to the camera. She climbed onto the bed as well and, squatting down and balancing carefully, she gently brushed his eager lips with her full, black pussy lips, causing his cock to twitch in the process. Although the man kept trying to taste her by lapping his tongue out quickly, she deftly maneuvered just out of reach every time, denying herself that pleasure a little big longer. Finally, she allowed him a taste of her labia, which by now were covered by a couple of drops of her own juices. Then, to the utter pleasure of the boys watching her, she spread her snatch open with one hand, letting them see her beautiful, pink insides.

"Fuck that's hot," Zach said absently, stroking his cock at a good pace. "That pussy looks so fucking delicious."

"Oh my God, you can say that again," Christian replied. "Black girls have the hottest looking pussies - the contrast of dark skin to pink is so sexy. I wish I was one of those guys right now."

With that the girl got off the bed, eliciting a groan from the man she was leaving behind, and pushed the final man down onto his knees. She then bent down in front of him and slowly backed her ass up until his lips were right in line with her rosebud. Clearly getting very horny, she wasted no time with teasing and let him rim her ass right away which he did with a fervor. Balancing with one hand on the floor, the girl reached between her legs to rub her clit and finger her tight little fuck hole. When she finished, she brought her soaking wet fingers to her mouth, bringing a string of wetness between her hand and her snatch part way up. Licking her fingers seductively, she looked at the camera and said with a smile, 'Now it's time to really play'.

Each man was moved onto the bed and placed on his hands and knees with his head down and ass facing the camera. The girl then moved behind the Black man's ass and without hesitation began rimming him with a vengeance, causing him to let out a series of low moans. His cock reached it's full hardness again and he began moving his hips back and forth, clearly wanting her to continue and touch his cock at the same time. The wide smile that he got as an unseen response from her suggested that it was still time to tease and he would just have to wait. After a couple of minutes, she moved on to the next two assess, giving them a similar treatment however she started playing with her clit by the third rim job. 

"Fuck that has to feel good," Christian said to his friend. "And it's so hot that she's playing with herself while she's eating their asses - she must really love what she's doing."

"Totally," Zach agreed. "I really wish that her pink tongue was licking my ass right now. I'll bet that it would feel so good."

Once the rim jobs were finished, the girl went over to a bedside table and pulled out a bottle of lube, which she covered her fingers with generously. Starting with the Black man again, she slowly inserted a finger into his ass until she was buried inside him up to her knuckle, after which she slowly started moving in and out of his ass. At the same time, as if to demonstrate her mastery of ass play, she placed a lubed up finger of her other hand in the next guy's ass, eventually pumping a finger into and out of both of them. Both guys were clearly in heaven as they pushed their assess back to match each of her thrusts, vainly trying to get her small digits in deeper. A minute or so later, she withdrew from both assess, applied some more lube to her fingers, and this time put two finger at the entrance of each ass. As she began to apply pressure, she instructed each of them to relax and push back against her, a suggestion that apparently worked as soon her fingers had impaled them again. Pumping her fingers in an out with increasing momentum and occasionally trying to pull her fingers apart while fully embedded, it was obvious that she was trying to stretch their tight sphincter muscles. 

"Holy shit, man," Zach said, stroking himself with a purpose. "That is so hot and looks like it feels so good. Fuck I'm so horny right now."

"Yeah, me, too," Christian agreed. "Watching this is making ass play look really good."

Not giving the boys any relief, the girl removed her fingers and moved onto the third ass in the line to give it a similar treatment. However, not having a fourth ass to play with, she contented her free hand by lubing up and fingering her own ass, causing her to let out many sensual sounds of pleasure. After working two fingers into each of their assess for a couple of minutes, the girl wiped her hands off on a towel and practically ran to the bedside table, clearly anxious to move on. From the drawer she withdrew a black leather harness with an attached 6" purple dildo, which she quickly attached to her tight little body. She also showed the camera that the harness was fitted with a little egg-shaped device which, once she pushed a button, began to vibrate against her clit, making her moan out loud. Not wasting any time, she came up behind the Black man's ass, lubed up the fake cock, and slowly sunk it into his waiting hole. Moving in and out slowly, met with his sounds of emphatic approval, she gradually buried her cock all the way into his waiting hole. As her hips picked up momentum so did her cries of pleasure, and within seconds she sunk her cock balls deep and convulsed with a powerful orgasm.

"Okay, that's it, man," Zach said as he turned to his friend, temporarily letting go of his cock. "I hope that you don't think this is too weird or anything - and I'm really hoping you don't since you seem to be turned on by all the anal stuff, too - but I really need to try sticking something in my ass right now. I'll go home if that's not cool with you, but I really need to do it."

"Dude, I was about two seconds away from saying the exact same thing," Christian said, getting up. "I'll be right back."

As Christian headed into his bedroom, his hard cock swinging back and forth with each step, the black girl pulled out of the first ass and prepared to enter the second one. Zach was so aroused that he couldn't see straight and just wanted to fuck the hell out of all the actors on the movie in front of him. Christian soon returned with a bottle of lube and a thin, 5" long purple dildo. He paused the video clip.

"So these are some souvenirs from one of my ex-girlfriends," Christian explained. "I really never thought I'd need to use them, but I guess I was wrong!"

"Handy," Zach commented. "So how should we set this up?"

"Hmmm," Christian mused. "Well, we obviously need to be able to watch the porn, but our asses are going to be too busy to sit in these chairs...I have an idea, follow me."

Laughing at his friend's impromptu joke, Zach followed him into the bedroom bringing the laptop with him. At Christian's instruction, Zach propped some pillows up at the head of the bed so each boy could lie on his back with his head elevated, while Christian set up the computer at foot of the bed and put a spare sheet over top of his blankets.

"I don't know about you, but I don't want to get lube on my clothes," Christian said, removing his shirt and shorts.

"Good call," Zach agreed, following suit. "Wow, your cock is still really hard!"

With that, Zach flushed at the realization that he'd flat out told Christian he was staring at his cock. Even though both guys had crossed many lines over the past two days, he realized that he'd gone from "we just happen to be jerking off side by side" to "we're jerking off together".

Noticing his friend's reaction, Christian quickly saved things by saying, "your cock's been rock hard ever since you got here - I'm starting to think that you kind of like this porn stuff!"

"Maybe a little bit," Zach said, relieved. "So what now?"

"Well, I'm going to throw the movie back on and focus on relaxing my ass muscles as much as possible," Christian replied, getting on the bed.

Christian had a queen size bed, giving the boys lots of space to bend their knees and let them fall to the side, giving them ample access to their waiting holes. The girl in the video was still fucking the middle actor's ass and was squeezing one of her perky tits in one hand. Both boys started out by touching around their anuses, getting used to the idea of having something poking around there. Zach noticed Christian shiver out of the corner of his eye which caused his cock to twitch.

"It feels good, eh?" Zach said.

"So good," Christian agreed. "But I bet that inside will feel even better."

Reaching for the lube, Christian squirted a generous blob on his index finger, which he presently brought to his pucker, massaging it in. Hearing his friend let out a little moan, Zach followed suit, and soon both boys were working a single finger into their respective asses. A couple of check-ins with each other revealed that both were really enjoying the sensation, but that they kind of wanted to try something bigger. Ever the gracious host, Christian offered Zach first dibs on the dildo, which Zach accepted. Meanwhile, the black girl had moved onto the final man in line and had flipped him onto his back to fuck him facing up.

"Wow, watching her fuck him like that is really hot," Christian commented. "How does the dildo feel?"

"It feels good, but it's kind of hard to use on myself," Zach replied. "I'm having trouble getting into a good rhythm."

"I guess it's a bit more cumbersome that using your own finger, eh?" Christian said. "Well, I guess we could take turns helping each other out - I'll work your ass with the dildo until you cum and then we'll switch?"

"Sounds good to me!" Zach answered, pulling out the artificial cock and handing it to his friend.

Christian instructed Zach to get on all fours and face the foot of the bed so they could both watch the video while Zach got off. The black girl had now finished fucking the third guy and returned to the black one. Pulling him up to standing, she got on her knees in front of him and took his large, hard cock deep into her mouth. He let out a loud moan and began moving his hips back and forth, desperately wanting to cum but also trying to hold back at the same time.

Christian now had the dildo rhythmically moving in and out of Zach's ass at a moderate pace. Zach was propping himself up with one hand and stroking his raging erection with the other, overwhelmed with the sensation of jerking himself off while being anally penetrated. Christian, meanwhile, was feeling overwhelmed himself - he was incredibly turned on by the porn and by fucking his friend's ass with a dildo, yet he wasn't able to pay proper attention to his own cock or ass while helping Zach. 

"How does your ass feel?" Christian asked, starting to feel a little bit desperate.

"So fucking good man," Zach replied. "Maybe it's just because I'm so turned on right now, but I'm not ashamed to admit that getting fucked up the ass feels really good."

"Does the cock, I mean dildo, feel like it's a good size," asked Christian. "Too big, too small?"

"Definitely not too big," Zach answered. "Do you think that something bigger would feel better."

"Let's find out," Christian said. "I really hope you don't mind, but I REALLY have to do this right now."

With that, Christian took the fake cock from his friend's ass and squirted a general amount of lube onto his own. Squirting a shot of lube straight into Zach's ass for good measure, Christian then mounted him from behind, pressing his cock head against Zach's pucker. Instructing his friend to relax and push back against him, Christian slowly sunk his boner into Zach's ass, inch after inch, until he was buried up to his hilt.

"Holy fuck," gasped Zach. "Holy fuck, that feels really fucking good..."

Christian was in full agreement with his friend, but couldn't manage to get the words out to let him know. Instead, he simply began to slowly pump away at his ass, delighting in the sensations it sent through his cock and doing his best to hold back from cumming. 

In a similar predicament was the second guy in line on the movie. After sucking the black man's cock for two minutes without any sign of cum, the girl moved onto the next fellow, this time impaling her dripping cunt on his cock in reverse-cowgirl position. As the two minute mark approached the man was clearly just about to cum but managed to hold off nonetheless. Partially defeated, the girl moved on to number 3 and gave the camera a wry little smile. Straddling her fuck toy in reverse cowgirl position again, this time she impaled her tight little ass on the dick and began riding him fast. Within 30 seconds the man let out a yell and the girl stopped her bouncing. Slowly getting to her feet, the boys were greeting by the incomparable sight of a steady trickle of cum trailing out of her ass and down the back of her leg.

"That's it, I'm going to cum," Christian announced, fucking Zach's ass harder.

Zach groaned in reply as he sent load after load of his own cum sailing onto Christian's bedsheets, his ass spasms milking the cock inside it. Christian came a moment later, filling his friend's bowels with ropes of milky jizz. Both boys collapsed down onto the bed, with Christian's shrinking cock still inside of Zach and Zach reaching forward to pause the movie.