 Sitting in Rick's garage waiting for His Dad to show up. I was gonna do a carb rebuild and We were gonna tune His '70 Chevelle.

I'd been trying to get under that hood for years. I have a weakness for Chevelle's and LS6 454s. Now Here they were together rumbling up the driveway.

He Shut it off as I pulled the pins and popped the hood. Rick fired up the big fan to cool off the engine while I began to prep the carb for removal.

Slade wandered around while I pulled the carb. I sat down at the bench and began the tear-down while Rick pulled a few of the spark plugs for inspection.

Slade knew plenty about Vehicles to know what had value and what belonged on it...But the precise fine tuning was beyond Him.

Almost everything was correct 1970 LS6 Chevelle, but nothing was tuned properly. The carb was in DIRE need of a rebuild and had all the wrong jets.

The only part in the car that wasn't correct was the rearend. A 3.08 geared 12bolt with an open differential was far beneath what this thing needed. 

Neither Slade or Rick knew that I had built the correct rearend for the car with a couple upgrades...C-clip eliminators and a Detroit locker. Rick knew I had built the rearend, but was unaware what I'd built or for who.

"Rick! Get that jack so You two can get the rearend out of this thing and install mine from under the other bench!" I yelled without turning my attention from the Holley.

They both went silent.

"You sneaky fucker!" Rick chuckled. "I was wondering what that was for. Come on Dad, help me out."

After the rearend was rolled out, Slade walked up next to me and placed a hand on my shoulder.

"Your a good little boy." He gently said to me.

"Thanx Big Daddy." I responded.

Suddenly there was a familiarity than neither of expected but both remembered immediately.

What Slade said to me is what I had heard dozens of times over the last 5 months through the gloryhole after sucking one of the largest cocks I'd ever put I my mouth. My response after swallowing His cum was what I'd just said to Slade

I turned and met Slades look of shock. After a few awkward moments looking at each other, a grin replaced Slade's slack jaw.

"You're skilled with everything You get Your hands on, aren't You?" Slade said softly to me.

"...And that 454 isn't the only big thing You have, is it?" I said to Him as I turned back to the torn apart carb.

Rich and Slade finished tearing out the rearend about the time I was installing the rebuilt & re-tuned carb.

I had already installed poly bushings in correct control arms bolted to the rearend. They were almost finished with the installation when I finished the tune up and valve lash reset.

When Shade hit the key, His eyes went wide with how quickly it fired up and how beautifully it ran.

A few carb adjustments and a tweak to the timing made that LS6 sound like a symphony.

Slade got out and gave me a handshake. "You drive!" He said to me.

Rick's eyes went wide. Even He hadn't been allowed to drive His Dad's Chevelle.

"Come on Rick. Time to see what that Yenko Duece of Yours can do." Slade said as He walked to the passenger side of Rick's Yellow '70 Yenko Nova.

After a slow cruise out to the 'test road', We both hurried the throttle from a 20mph roll. The Yenco is quick revving and with it's light weight & 4 speed makes it very potent. The massive torque of the LS6 is not to be taken lightly, even when backed by TH400!

Slade wanted to drive His Chevelle after seeing what it can do from inside the Nova.

It caught Him off guard having low gearing, a locker, and a properly running engine. To say the least, He was more than pleased!

Pulling back into Rick's shop, Slade said without looking at me, "You definitely know what gets me excited."

"I have many skills." I replied before getting out of the Chevelle.

I popped the hood to check everything over. Rick pulled into the driveway and parked. He came in, grabbed a few tools and the timing light, then went under His own hood.

After the fan had cooled things off enough, I leaned over the grill and began checking the torque on all the carb fasteners.

I felt pressure against my but, then I heard Slade say, "I've always wondered how Your ass would feel without that wall between us."

I laughed. "I can about imagine what Rick would say and do if He walked in here and saw His Dad balls deep in His Best Friends ass. On second thought, I can't imagine!"

I felt Slade reach around and un-button my jeans. "There are more than a few things You don't know about My Son." He said as He pulled my jeans past my ass.

Looking under the hood and through the Chevelle's windshield, I could barely see Rick under the hood of His Nova. I then heard Slade drop His Zipper. A moment later, 2 hands spread my ass and a familiar cock began pressing against my asshole.

Vaseline is a great way to keep gaskets from sticking and lengthening their life Slade had crabbed the small jar I had used on the carb. He used some to lube His cock. 

That familiar cock began stretching my asshole open. I braced my hands on the radiator support of Slades 500HP Chevelle as He repeatedly pressed in and withdrew from my ass.

Rick was still working in the LT1 when Slades fat cock hit bottom deep in my ass. It was a different feeling to be sure, not having that wall between us. Slade grabbed my hips and began making long strokes in and out of my ass. The extra couple inches felt amazing.

After a steady 10 minutes of getting my ass pounded I heard tools hitting concrete. I looked over to see Rick standing in the garage door. He was slack-jawed and staring at His Dad pounding my ass. Slade didn't even slow down!

Rick slowly walked over to the fender of His Dads car and watched my getting royally ass fucked. After an exciting 10 minutes, my Best Friend got to watch His Dad dump His cum deep in my ass.

Rick went and sat at the bench as Slades cock began to go limp in my ass. As He withdrew, He milked every last drop of cum He could into my ass. I squeezed as His cockhead popped out of my ass to keep from making a mess. Slade wiped my asscrack with a shop rag and walked swinging dick into the bathroom.

I stood, pulling up my jeans and turning towards Rick. My rock hard cock standing straight out as I buttoned my jeans.

"I wonder if it was You I sucked off after my Dad got done fucking You a few months ago?" Rick said staring at my cock.

"Maybe." I replied. Did You gag slightly twice when I came?"

Rick changed His glance from my cock to my eyes. "Yea...I did. Then it was You!"

"...then it was me." I said with a grin. "are for another go at it? Maybe without gagging this time?"

"I didn't gag anymore that night. Yours was the first cock I ever sucked. Dad gave me a few pointers." Rick said as His glance went back to my hard-on. He came off the stool and got on His knees in front of me. Immediately He began sucking my cock. Sure was better than the first time He did it.

"How much more practice have You had since that night?" I asked the top of his head.

"He sucked 3 more that night." Slade said walking out of the bathroom drying His hands. "I don't know for sure How many more since then. He has mentioned more than a few, though."

"12 total." Rick said after removing my cock for a couple seconds.

He wasn't a great cock-sucker, but He was good enough with my level of excitement that I was ready to shoot in only 10 minutes. "Here it comes." I said

Rick pulled back to my cock head and stroked my shaft as I blew my cum into His mouth. He milked and sucked the last of my cum and swallowed.

As Rick sat back onto the stool, I tucked my cock back into my pants.

I turned and Shut the Chevelle hood. "Seems things are a bit lopsided right now." I turned and looked at Slade and Rick.

"I got and gave a load. Slade You gave one and Rick You took one. So that means..." I stopped with a grin.

Slade and Rick looked at each other. 

"That's right, Dad!" I said as coyly as possible. "Time to Help Sonny-Boy out!"

Just then, We hear Ricks Girlfriend, Beth, holler. "HELLO OUT THERE!"

"To be continued...SOON!" I told them.

"Why not!" Slade responded.

"Sounds good." Rick said with a smile.

Ricks Girlfriend, Beth, walked into the shop. "Hi Guys! Look who I brought with."

My Wife Jean walks in and they both beam smiles at us.

Jean looks at me with a smile. "Smells like gasoline and cum in here. What have You 3 been doing?"

Beth spoke up, "Yea it does! Did We miss all the fun."

We 3 Guys exchange glances and look back at the Girls.

"We have been here for 30 minutes." Beth said firmly. "Thought We would check on You Guys...and guess what We saw through the window?"

"Maybe We all need to go to the Adult store together?" Jean said with a familiar excited tone.

"YEA! Why should We be left out of the fun?" Beth added.