 PRELUDE

Brent was thrilled that Ryan had invited him to the cabin for the weekend but he was never prepared for what Ryan had in mind. They arrived at the cabin and unpacked the car. Once they were settled into the cabin Ryan showed Brent around the property. An hour later Ryan was standing naked in front of Brent and Brent was staring at Ryan's beautiful erect cock.

"Okay Brent let's start with a blow job and then I am going to fuck that sweet ass of yours," Ryan stated firmly.

"Ryan what are you doing? You're my dad's best friend," Brent replied nervously.

"Brent I watched you at my house for the past two weeks and I saw you with your friends. I know that you like to suck cock and get fucked so let's not waste any more time," Ryan said sternly.

Brent moved toward the handsome Ryan and dropped to his knees. He looked at the impressive 8" cock that he was about to suck and later take in his ass. He took it in his hand and kissed it lovingly before taking it in his mouth. Brent sucked on his neighbor's cock and he was determined to give Ryan his best blow job ever. Brent knew that Ryan was a stud and that he had many girls over to his house. Brent was excited now that Ryan was attracted to him and that he would fuck him.

"You do that very well Brent. If you're a good boy this weekend maybe we will invite one of your boyfriends to join us the next time. I like that friend of yours, Benji. He has a nice ass too. Not as nice as yours but very fuckable," Ryan offered.

Brent went right on sucking the beautiful cock in his mouth as he thought about a threesome with Ryan and Benji. Ryan was very turned on by the pretty 18 year old Brent sucking his cock and he did not last long. Ryan fired a good size load into Brent's mouth and he marveled at the boy's ability to handle it all.

"That was very good. Now take off those clothes and get your ass ready for my cock," Ryan ordered. 

Brent did as he was told and undressed. He took some lotion from his bag and lubricated his asshole as he knelt on the bed. Ryan smiled at the willing pretty boy as he approached him. Ryan was still hard as he knelt behind Brent and eased his cock in the beautiful teenage bubble butt. Ryan had fucked a number of girls in the ass but this was his first guy. As Ryan looked down at the submissive teenager he decided that Brent's ass was as nice as any he ever fucked. Brent had the perfect ass for butt fucking as it was hairless, smooth and shapely. Ryan watched his cock slide in and out of the round curvy ass and thought to himself, "This is going to be a fantastic weekend."

THREE WEEKS EARLIER

Ryan was having a drink with Tom and Cindy Jenkins at their house. Tom and Cindy were going to Europe for two months as Tom had business there and they had decided to mix in some pleasure. Their 18 year old son Brent would have been home alone if Ryan had not agreed to have the boy stay with him. Ryan suspected that Brent was gay but he had no proof of it. Brent was excited to be staying with his neighbor as Ryan's house had a cool backyard with a swimming pool.

The day Tom and Cindy let for Europe, Brent moved into Ryan's home. Ryan gave Brent the cook's tour and set some ground rules for him staying there. The most important rule was to be cool when Ryan had any girls over. That weekend the two of them got better acquainted and hung out at the pool. Ryan was intrigued by Brent's feminine appearance. Brent was 5'6" tall and weighed about 140 pounds. He had long light brown hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. Ryan noticed Brent's curvy ass which his Speedo bikini swim suit emphasized. Brent had a very shapely figure for a boy with nice looking legs and a curvy bubble butt.

Ryan was a stark contrast to Brent. Ryan was 6'2" tall and weighed a fit 185 pounds. At 26 years of age Ryan was chiseled and he was a chick magnet. He was also well endowed with an 8" long and 5" around cock. One of the girls he fucked regularly insisted on measuring it one time. Ryan was a successful independent consultant and he often worked from home.

That weekend one of Ryan's girlfriends, Melanie stopped over and hung out with them. Melanie looked good in her string bikini and her ass looked as fine as ever. Ryan found himself comparing her ass to Brent's when they walked around the pool. Melanie stayed over that evening and Ryan fucked her silly before taking her ass that night. In the morning he fucked her senseless with his piss hard-on and later fucked her ass again. After breakfast Melanie left and Ryan and Brent hung out by the pool again. Ryan complimented Brent about being cool when Melanie was there. Brent nodded but secretly he wished he could have seen Ryan fuck the pretty blonde. Brent had stared at Ryan's Speedo outlined package all day and he wondered just how big Ryan would be when he was hard. 

RYAN LEARNS ABOUT BRENT

Brent asked Ryan if it was okay to have a friend over to swim when Ryan was working. Ryan agreed but warned Brent not to drink too much. Ryan was working out of the house and he was about to leave when a boy named Benji arrived. Benji was even more effeminate looking then Brent. They were about the same height and build but Benji had curly blonde hair and bedroom blue eyes. Ryan told the two boys to enjoy the day but to behave themselves. Brent promised that they would be good.

As Ryan was driving to his appointment he kept thinking about the two pretty boys back at his house. He was sure that they were both gay and he wondered if they would have sex while he was gone. The curiosity was killing Ryan so he called his client to see if he could reschedule the appointment. As it turned out the client was pleased to reschedule as things were crazy at the office that day. Ryan promptly turned the car around and headed home. He didn't put the car in the garage so as not to alert Brent that he was home. Ryan quietly entered the house and listened for voices. Hearing none, he went to his bedroom and looked out the window toward the pool. No one was poolside so Ryan changed clothes and then went looking for the boys. He found them and it was just what he had hoped he would find.

Brent and Benji were in the sun room and they were both naked. They had placed towels over the lounge cushions on the floor and they were in a 69 position sucking each other cock. Both boys had nice looking average size cocks and Ryan guessed they were both about six inches. They caressed each other's ass as they sucked cock and even fingered each other's asshole. Ryan had never seen two boys have sex before either live or in gay porn and he found it rather erotic. Ryan watched them as they sucked each other until they both came. They pulled their cocks out of the other's mouth and shot their loads on the side of their faces. Then they took the cocks back in their mouths and sucked them dry.

Both boys remained hard as they moved into position to fuck. First Benji fucked Brent in a missionary position. Brent remained hard the entire time that Benji fucked him. Benji pulled out before he came and ejaculated on Brent's chest, abs and pubes. The two boys hugged briefly and then Benji moved to all fours. Ryan admired the shape of both of the boy's asses and he decided that he liked them in the doggy style position. Brent eased his cock into Benji's ass and they looked beautiful together. In spite of having cum twice Benji's cock was still hard. Brent fucked Benji slowly and Ryan stared at their lovely buttocks. Benji's ass looked wonderful as it was penetrated by Brent's cock and Brent's ass looked inviting as he fucked his friend.

Ryan realized that he had an erection something he would have never expected to get from watching two boys have sex together. He freed his cock from his shorts and stroked it as he watched Brent fuck Benji. Brent slowed his pace, bent over and held onto Benji's body. Ryan sensed that Brent had cum in Benji's ass. Brent caressed his friend as he slowly fucked him and then he eased his cock out of Benji's ass. Brent sat back on his haunches and lovingly caressed Benji's buttocks. Ryan stared at the erotic sight and saw that semen oozed from Benji's asshole and dribbled down over his thigh onto the towel. 

The two boys were both still hard as they cuddled together, kissed and stroked each other's cock. It was obvious that is was more than just sex with them, they clearly had feelings for each other. Ryan assumed that they were not done but he was and he put his cock back in his shorts. He had thought about jerking off but decided against it. Ryan went back out side and opened the garage door and drove his car into the garage. He took his time entering the house as to give the boys time to clear out of the sun room. 

Brent and Benji sprung into action when they heard the garage door. They quickly put their swim suits back on and straightened up the sun room. They hurried back out to the pool taking the semen soaked towels with them. They were seated poolside when Ryan arrived in his bathing suit. They looked a little nervous when he first walked outside. Ryan had stroked his cock back to hardness before pulling up his Speedo and the outline of his big dick was obvious. Both boys stared at the impressive cock outlined in the bathing suit and Ryan smiled at their reaction.

"So boys, how was your day?" Ryan asked.

"Oh it was great. It's a great day to be by the pool," Brent replied.

"Yeah, thanks for letting me hang out here," Benji added.

"No problem, you're welcome here anytime," Ryan assured him and then offered, "I'm going to have a beer do you guys want one."

"A beer would be great, thanks," they accepted.

Ryan brought back three beers and the three of them chatted for about an hour. Ryan learned that Benji was also 18 years old and that he was one of Brent's classmates. Ryan wondered what it would be like to fuck the boys. After seeing them on all fours he thought that they looked just like girls from behind. Would it really be any different fucking a cute boy's ass than a girl's ass?

Brent then asked, "Ryan is it okay if Benji comes up to my bedroom and we listen to music?"

"Sure go ahead," Ryan answered giving them permission.

Brent and Benji went into the house and up to the guest bedroom where Brent was staying. Brent locked the door once they were inside and then he turned on his music box. The two boys shed their bathing suits and got in bed naked. They stroked each other's cock and caressed each other as the music played. They both wanted to fuck again and they were sure that the music would cover any noise that they made.

Ryan had given them a few minutes and then he entered the house. He was not surprised to see the bedroom door closed and he assumed that it was locked. He placed his ear against the door and he could faintly hear the two boys talking. Benji was begging Brent to fuck him and cum in his ass again. Ryan smiled and returned to the pool as he did not need to hear them having sex. If he been there earlier he would have heard them talking about his own big cock. About an hour later, Benji left the house thanking Ryan again for letting him come over. 

MORE DISCOVERIES FOR RYAN

Over the next two weeks Brent had Benji over several times. Each time Ryan would make sure that his calendar was clear so that he could spy on the two teenage lovers. Ryan would always fake an appointment and then return to his house. He liked watching the two boys fuck each other and he loved their curvy asses. His voyeurism often left him horny and he called on Melanie or Susan to pleasure him. Both of them liked anal sex and that was on Ryan's mind most of the time these days.

One day Ryan came home and found another young man with Benji and Brent. The boy's name was Carl. As Ryan watched the three boys it became obvious that Carl was not gay but bisexual. That is he liked fucking Brent and Benji but he had no interest in their cocks. Ryan liked watching them because Carl behaved the way Ryan would have acted if he had been with the two gay boys. Carl was more interested in fucking the boys rather than getting his cock sucked. Carl fucked Brent while Benji and Brent sucked each other's cock. Carl would then fuck Benji in the ass as the boys engaged in cock sucking in a 69 position. With Carl involved, Benji and Brent did not kiss and cuddle as they did when alone. It was all about group sex and getting off as often as they could. 

At one point Benji was on his back being fucked by Brent while Carl fucked Brent from behind. Benji showed incredible flexibility when he pulled his legs back to his shoulders and locked his elbows behind his knees. The additional pressure from Brent and Carl pushed Benji's stiff cock toward his face and Benji was able to suck on the head of his own cock. Ryan had never seen anything like it and it was an incredible sight to see. Brent cried out that he was cumming and he shot his load into Benji's ass. That seemed to do it for Benji and he came in his own mouth.

Carl lasted longer and he kept right on fucking Brent who still had his cock in Benji's ass. Ryan was amazed that they could stay hard so long as their cocks never seemed to go soft. Ryan had plenty of stamina and he could easily cum three times a day when he was fucking one of his girlfriends but his cock would usually go soft for awhile after the second time. Ryan was also surprised that the boys stayed hard when their ass was stuffed with a cock. As tempted as Ryan was to join them he thought better of it. However at that moment he decided to devise a plan to fuck Brent. He knew it would have to be consensual and that Brent would be sworn to secrecy. Ryan left his vantage point and went to his room.

A WEEKEND AT THE CABIN

Ryan decided to invite Brent to his cabin on the lake for a weekend. "Brent, I'm going up to my cabin for the weekend. It's very private on the lake and we can do some fishing, boating or just kick back and relax. Would you like to come with me?"

"Oh yeah that sounds like fun. When are you going?"

"This weekend, we will head up Friday and come back on Sunday. I have some important meetings on Monday," Ryan told him. 

"That's great!" Brent exclaimed excitedly.

Secretly Brent hoped that some how he would get to see Ryan's cock in the flesh. He had no way of knowing that Ryan had been spying on him or what Ryan had in store for him at the cabin. Brent could hardly wait for Friday to come a feeling shared by Ryan. That Friday morning they left for the remote cabin. Once at the cabin things moved quickly and Brent found himself living his dream as he was on his knees sucking Ryan's cock.

Brent proved to be a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Ryan ready to blow his load. Ryan tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Brent then got off his knees and moved towards one of the beds. He sat on the edge of the bed and drew Ryan in toward him. Brent caressed the back of Ryan's legs and cheeks of his ass as Brent's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Ryan's cock. Brent massaged the head of Ryan's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Ryan's cock with his tongue and Ryan felt the light scraping of Brent's teeth. Ryan's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Brent took Ryan's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Ryan's bloated balls. Brent then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Ryan's balls. Brent tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Ryan's pee slit. Brent had Ryan close to cumming a few times. Brent seemed to know when Ryan was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Ryan in the process.

Brent looked up at Ryan and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Am I doing a good job? Is it as good as any of your girlfriends? Are you ready to cum Ryan"?

Ryan had his eyes closed and he just shook his head yes to answer Brent. Brent then took Ryan's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Ryan hard. Brent reached under Ryan's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Ryan felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Ryan from cumming at that moment.

Brent grabbed Ryan's ass cheeks with both hands as Ryan exploded in his mouth. Ryan fired round after round of cum into Brent's mouth and Brent sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Brent's mouth as Ryan seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Ryan stopped cumming in Brent's mouth. Brent sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Ryan's dick.

Brent then did as he was told and stripped naked and he knelt on the bed with his ass in the air. Ryan looked at him in this position and convinced himself that Brent looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Brent reached back and lubed his asshole with some kind of lotion that he had packed for the trip. 

"Here put plenty of this on your big cock too," Brent whispered handing Ryan the cream.

Ryan took the lotion and applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Ryan knelt behind Brent and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass since Melanie and now he was about to fuck his neighbor's son. Ryan then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Brent's asshole. 

Ryan was gentle with him allowing Brent to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Brent's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Ryan held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Brent's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Brent had been butt fucked by Benji and Carl but never with a cock Ryan's size. He couldn't believe how full he felt with Ryan's enormous dick in his ass. Brent felt Ryan tense and then fill his ass with cum. Ryan continued to fuck Brent's ass as cum backed out of Brent's asshole and ran down over his balls. Brent fired a blast of cum onto the bed without ever even touching his own cock. Ryan eased his cock out of Brent's ass and Brent turned around took it in his mouth and sucked it dry and clean.

The two of them then flopped down on the bed and relaxed. Not a word was spoken between them as they both contemplated what happened and what the future would hold. Ryan struggled with his inner feelings and mixed emotions. He had just fucked a guy and although he was not gay he had to admit that it was great sex. Brent had proven to be as skilled as any of his girlfriends in oral and anal sex. Ryan had to admit that it didn't seem any different getting a blow job from Brent or Melanie, they were both great. He also had to admit that it didn't seem any different fucking Brent's ass or Melanie's ass. 

"Come on, let's take a dip in the lake and then I'll make us something to eat," Ryan told him.

Ryan headed out of the cabin naked and Brent asked awkwardly, "Don't we need bathing suits?"

"Not here it is totally private," Ryan replied.

The two of them walked naked down to the water and Brent watched as Ryan's muscular body dove in. Brent followed and his breath was taken away by the cold lake water. 

"A little chilly isn't it?" Ryan laughed.

"I'll say," Brent called out.

The two of them swam for awhile and then they went back in the cabin. "I'm freezing," Brent stated.

"I'll warm you up," Ryan offered and told Brent to get in bed under the covers.

The two of them got in the bed under the covers and cuddled together in the spoon position. Brent felt Ryan's cock stiffen and slide up between the cheeks of his ass. Ryan rubbed his hands over the boy's smooth flawless skin as his cock pressed between Brent's buttocks. Brent moved his body so that the big cock slide along the crack and he felt it get stiffer and seemingly larger. Brent then reached behind him and guided Ryan's cock into his ass. Ryan then moved slowly and fucked Brent once again. It seemed like hours before Ryan came again but they were both pleased that they could fuck such a long time. Brent had jerked off and he had cum twice before Ryan filled his rectum again. They stayed in the same spoon position until Ryan's cock softened and slipped from Brent's ass.
