 Today, I was walking along the road. It was Saturday. I was just taking a nice walk near the park but still on the sidewalk. I was enjoying nature and everything that she had to offer me. 

By some amazing twist of fate, Erik was driving by as I was walking. I did a double take. I knew he lived in town, but seeing him here now was uncanny. I hollered at him and he slowed down.

"Hey, what are you doing here," said I.

"The usual... I have to take the trash to the dump on Saturdays," he griped.

"Oh, I don't suppose that you'd have any time for a break, Would you?"

"I suppose I would," he said as he departed from his truck. "Hmm... Where should we go? I know. See that secluded spot in the park." I nodded. "We're gonna do it right there."

"Okay," I said nervously.

We moved over to a beautiful area of the park that hardly anyone ever came to. Even if they did come, we were beyond the trees and rocks and would have time to enrobe ourselves. He commanded, "Take your clothes off and put them over there." I shyly stripped down to my undies and put the rest of my clothes in a pile. I felt awkward standing there in the middle of a park with my clover underwear.

"All of them!" he demanded. I quickly took off my underwear and put it in the same spot, covering my man parts.

He then proceeded to take off his clothes as well. He looked different in this light. He looked more rugged and robust. His abs stood out to me. They were chiseled to perfection. "On your knees," he said.

I got down on my knees, being careful not to rest them on any of the pinecones that littered the park. He bent down, his head sideways, and kissed me. Now, I was turned on. I instantly got an erection and a stiff one too.

He stood back up, his naked body glistening in the sun. "Suck it," he told me, thrusting his dick into my mouth. The taste of his dick was mouthwatering. I loved to run my tongue up one side and down the other hoping for the blessing of sweet cum to get into my mouth. 

I continued sucking. He massaged my head. He made me go a little deeper than I wanted to. My throat was a little sore, but I very much enjoyed the look of ecstasy on his face. 

I moved my mouth down and started lapping his balls. My right hand went onto his dick and my left held one finger in his ass. "Oh, oh," he screeched with pleasure. I moved my mouth back up to his member and continued pleasuring his ass with my fingers. I could tell he was happy with me.

I wanted so badly to do something. My poor poor penis had gotten no attention so far. As I was doing him I played with myself a little with my free hand. 

He said, "That's good." He then sat me down on a low rock and said, "Get ready for some fun!"

I reclined a little. His firm cheeks engulfed my dick with no problem. He had no lube other than the spit that I had put in his ass earlier and I liked it. The friction between us caused a load of pleasure. 

I reached around and grabbed his dick. I was holding back my cum as long as I could because this feeling was so full of pleasure. I began to jerk him off. 

He began to fuck me harder. I screamed, but not too loud as I thought that there might be others around. 

I was watching his member. It began to swell, even more than before. I knew it was almost time. I kicked it into high gear and so did he. He was fucking me so hard it was impossible to hold my cum back any longer.

I released. My warm load shot up into his ass and acted as lube as he continued to fuck me hard. He was almost done. 

He turned his head and started kiss me passionately. His tongue explored place in my mouth even I had not been. He was still fucking me hard. And then I felt it. As he released his load onto the pine needle covered floor, I felt the rings in his ass contract. It was one of the more pleasurable feelings I had had in a long time. I watched his cum spurt in three waves across the pine needle covered floor. 

He pulled out and cleaned up. He said as he left, "See you again real soon, friend!"