 PRELUDE

After using the bathroom, I walked back into the bedroom. I was pleased to see Kim in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Kim's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a pretty Asian girl in that position.

"Fuck me again, like you did last night," he said in a sultry voice. "Fuck me Just like a girl."

My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind him and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lotion and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lotion in my hands and rubbed it all around his anus. I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock. As I sawed my fingers in and out, I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to him and lined up the head of with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Kim cautioned, "Take it slow."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to him a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round cheeks. 

Kim asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his tiny ball sac and he was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once he started to contract his sphincter muscle I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my juice backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his testicles. He used his talented sphincter to milk my cock and drain it of every drop. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. His milking action soon weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Kim flattened out on the bed with me on top with my cock still in his ass. We eventually moved to our sides and lay next to each other exhausted. I could see the bed sheets where he had shot his load sometime during our morning fuck session. We both relaxed and during our rest my cock softened and slipped from his ass. He giggled when my wet pecker slid across his buttock. 

As we lay there I was thinking that in just one week I had had three bisexual encounters with three gay guys. It all started when my gay cousin Jeremy came to town for a visit.

A WEEK EARLIER

My cousin Jeremy who I knew was gay asked if he could visit me in Northern California. It was the summer of 1970 and although there was an active Gay movement in San Francisco there was no threat of aids. I was living in Mill Valley in Marin County working for a small software company. He asked if I could take some time off to show him around the area, so I took a week's vacation.

Jeremy was a cute 22 year old who recently graduated from college. He was 5'5" and weighed no more than 140 pounds. He had light brown hair that was down to his shoulders and he looked more feminine than he did masculine. I was 24 years old, 6'2" and a fit 190 pounds. I worked out religiously and ate healthy.

He arrived on a Thursday which was cool because we got to tour some areas that were normally overcrowded on weekends. Then he hit me with a request that stunned me. He asked if we could go to an upscale gay club in San Francisco on Friday night. Not knowing what else to say I agreed. So after vising a few wineries at Napa on Friday, we showered, changed clothes and headed into the city.

I wasn't nervous; in fact I was actually a little curious. We got to the club about 8:00 PM and it was packed. Disco was becoming popular and guys were dancing with guys. We managed to find a stand up table and hung out there. We ordered drinks and I looked around scoping out the place. It was indeed upscale and nothing like I imagined a gay club to be. 

Before long Jeremy was dancing with some guy and I was at the table sipping my drink. I was not completely naïve about gay sex as I had actually had a gay encounter one time, although I thought of it as bisexual. I was traveling on business and I let a very cute young man suck my cock. In fact I also fucked him in his cute round ass but that was my only experience and I certainly wasn't interested in cock.

I thought back quickly to that time but that had been with a young man who looked a lot like a young women. I looked around the place again. There were guys shooting pool, guys dancing and others milling around talking. I watched as some guys rubbed the asses of others. One guy caught my eye who I first thought was a girl. He was wearing black bell bottom slacks that were very snug and showed off his curvy bubble butt. He also wore a black shiny shirt that was tucked in slacks tightly. The young man had a very narrow waist, dark hair that covered the nape of his neck and most of his ears. I guessed him to be about 5'8" tall.

I studied this guy closely as many of his acquaintances walked up to him and chatted with him. Some of them would grab a cheek of his ass and he would act flirtatious in response. He would shift the weight to one leg emphasizing his curvy buttock, drop and wiggle his shoulders and tilt his head to one side. He acted very much as a girl would if someone touched her ass. He also had an ass that many girls would die for. I found it entertaining to watch him and his buddies as they played grab ass. 

Jeremy came back briefly and took a swig of his drink. Then he was off again dancing with the same guy. As I was sipping my drink I felt the presence of another person close by and I turned to look at him. It was the guy who looked like a girl.

"Are you expecting someone or can I stand here?" he asked in a very soft feminine voice.

"You can stand here. My cousin was sitting here but now he is out there dancing," I responded.

"I saw him here earlier. He's dancing with Gary. Don't worry Gary is very cool."

""Jeremy is gay and wanted to come here. It's not my thing but since he's my guest, I agreed."

"That's very cool of you, my name is Michelle," he said holding out his hand.

"Michelle huh," I replied and I shook his hand. His skin was soft and his handshake was lame.

"And what's your name," he asked.

"Rory, it was nice to meet you Michelle but I have to get going soon." 

"I saw you watching me before. You're pretty impressed with me aren't you?"

"I'm not impressed with you Michelle. I was staring because you look like a girl."

"I bet you were thinking about fucking me, weren't you. It's okay everyone does?"

I laughed out loud, "I can see that you're humble too. No I wasn't thinking about fucking you, I was thinking that many a girl would love to have an ass like yours."

"If I was a girl, I bet that you would like to fuck me wouldn't you," he asked with a coy smile.

"I probably would if you were a girl but you're not."

"Where do you live?"

"I live Marin County."

I was starting to get uncomfortable and I looked around for Jeremy. 

"Don't worry about your cousin. He's in good hands with Gary. Come with me and I'll show you around the place but be ready to be shocked by what you see." 

I suspected that I might see guys having sex but nothing could have prepared me for what I was to witness. I followed Michelle up the stairs and I couldn't help but watch his curvy ass as he ascended the stairs. We walked behind a dark curtain and the light was very dim. It took my eyes minutes to adjust but when they did I saw guys in various states of undress kissing and having sex. I stayed close to Michelle as he made his way around a maze of hallways until he located a guy named Lyle.

We passed twosomes and threesomes having sex. I noticed one guy fucking another one standing up and they both had their slacks and underwear down around their knees. Three other guys had their pants and underwear around their ankles. One was kneeling on the floor with a cock in his mouth and another one in his ass. I had never participated in an orgy and I had never seen such a blatant display of sex. Michelle finally located Lyle who was getting fucked as he fucked another guy. Michelle whispered something to him and he nodded that he understood. Then Michelle took me by the arm and led me to another room that was filled with cubicles. He found a vacant one and pulled me inside with him. Once inside he locked the door, dropped to his knees, opened my pants and pulled them with my underwear down to my ankles. I didn't stop him because I was actually turned on from watching the sex acts when we walked around.

My rock hard 8" cock sprang free and bobbed in his face. He began kissing my cock and running his tongue up and down the full length of it eventually taking it in his mouth. He gave me the most incredible blow job ever. He would bring me to the edge and then slow down delaying my ejaculation as long as possible. He tested his gag line deep throating me as he handled my balls lovingly. 

I couldn't hold it any longer and I warned him that I was going to cum. He went right on sucking me as I blasted volley after volley of cum in his mouth. He kept swallowing rapidly and he did not miss a drop. He continued to suck me draining and cleaning my cock of any trace of sperm. When he started to nibble on my dick head my knees got weak and I had to push him off me before I collapsed. I was drained. I was speechless as I had just let a gay guy suck my cock in a gay club. 

"That wasn't so bad, was it?" Michelle asked.

"No it wasn't. You give great head but you caught me at a weak moment," I said somewhat embarrassed over what happened.

"You came pretty quickly. I bet you needed that," he teased and then asked, "You have a great cock. Can I come home with you?"

"I need to find Jeremy."

I finally located Jeremy who was now dancing a slow dance with Gary. You couldn't see a ray of light between them. I told him that I wanted to leave and he told me to go. He was going home with Gary and would catch up with me sometime this weekend. I didn't know what to say or do except leave at that point. Michelle was still waiting for me so I thought what the hell. He rode with me to my condo. 

I parked the car and the two of us went inside. It was odd because all of a sudden I felt nervous about getting another blow job. Michelle and I entered my bedroom and this time we both undressed. He sat on the edge of the bed and drew me in toward him. He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. I was so horny that I almost shot my load right then and there. He was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. I felt the light scraping of his teeth. My cock felt hard and long and I felt I was going to shoot.

Michelle took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time I felt longer than my 8" and bigger around then 5." He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. Michelle seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process.

"Rory, I would like you to fuck me," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me wouldn't you?" he asked.

Michelle got in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I glanced at his cock and observed that it was about 5" long and not as thick as mine. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Michelle's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position. He was tanned except for his ass and the contrast in skin color really emphasized the shape of his curvy bottom.

It was 1971 and there was no known threat of aids and sex without a condom was commonplace. My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind him and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lubricant that he had and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lube in my hands and rubbed it all around his anus. I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock. As I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Michelle and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Michelle cautioned, "Take it really slow at first, then deeper."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lube. My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to Michelle a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

He asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. Michelle was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but I lost it and fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my juice backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Michelle used his talented anal muscle to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. 

We both collapsed on the bed. Michelle flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. I eventually got off him and pulled my dripping cock from his ass. He rolled over and stroked his cock rapidly. It didn't take him long to cum and he shot a good size load on his body.

"Rory, can I stay here tonight?"

At that point it didn't seem right to send him on his way and I didn't feel like driving him back to the city, "Yeah, you can stay." 

Michelle stayed in the same bed with me that night and lay curled up against me with his ass pressing into my body. I had draped an arm around him and we cuddled as if a man and woman. Sometime during the night I awoke with an erection and I eased it into his ass. We fucked lying on our sides with a slow gentle rhythm until I unleashed another load in his ass. We fell back asleep with my cock still sheathed in his ass. The furthest thing from my mind was my cousin Jeremy.

SATURDAY

When I woke up the next morning I had my arm draped over Michelle's naked body. We were both on our sides and his curvy smooth ass was pressed into my groin. I woke up in the same position that we fell asleep in the night before. I eased my naked body out of bed and looked at him still sleeping. His shapely ass looked poised for another good butt fuck and I felt that familiar tingling in my loins. I still couldn't believe that I had hooked up with him and that I was able to cum three times with him. I decided to take a shower and let him sleep. I was lathering myself with soap when Michelle entered the shower and joined me. 

"Let's wash each other," he suggested and I smiled at him and nodded my approval.

We soaped each other up with Michelle focusing on my cock and me on his ass. I enjoyed fingering his asshole as he stroked my soapy cock. He held my cock in one hand and then ran the flat part of his other hand over the head of my cock. It sent chills through my body and I told him I would shoot if he didn't stop. No one had ever done that to me and it left me rock hard.

He turned and faced the shower wall and guided my cock to his ass. My soapy cock slid easily into to soapy asshole. He braced his body with both hands on the shower wall and arched his back accentuating his shapely ass. I ran my hands over his curvy ass as I fucked him methodically with long slow strokes. I pulled my cock almost out of his ass and then let it slide all the way back in. Michelle looked so hot with my dick sliding in and out of glistening wet ass. In a matter of minutes my body stiffened and I filled his ass with my seed. He groaned as he jerked himself off and shot his wad onto the shower wall. We finished washing and dried off.

I made breakfast for us and afterward I drove him back to San Francisco. I returned to my condo and relaxed with a Bloody Mary watching TV. I was watching a golf tournament when Jeremy arrived home. He said he would join me after he showered and changed clothes.

Jeremy had put on a pair of tight shorts that showed off every curve of his ass. The outline of his erect cock was visible and he actually looked sexy with the shorts on. I felt my cock stir as I wondered if he took it in the ass, if Gary fucked him last night. Then I scolded myself for thinking about my cousin that way. I sat in an easy chair as Jeremy got a drink and I watched him as he carried it in. He moved like a girl and his body language clearly sent the message that he was gay. He set the drink down on the end table and I watched his curvy ass as he moved over to the sofa. 

Jeremy and I chatted while we had Bloody Marys. He then got us refills and once again I watched his curvy body move gracefully to and from the kitchen. We talked about college, business, politics and other topics before he turned the conversation toward sex.

"Rory do you consider yourself straight or bi?" he asked.

"That's a hell of a question. Why do you ask me that?" I replied a little shocked.

"Well I know that you have girlfriends but I also noticed the way you watch me and the way he ogled that guy last night," he answered and then asked, "Did you have sex with him?"

"Yes if you must know he sucked my cock," I admitted.

"Did you fuck him too?" Jeremy pressed.

I decided to be honest, "Yes I did."

"Did you like it? Did you like fucking him?" he asked excitedly.

I could see his cock was still hard in his shorts when I answered him, "Actually I did Jeremy. He gave great head and I liked fucking him in his shapely cute ass," I replied firmly almost sounding annoyed at his persistence.

"I'm sure that you have fucked girls in the ass and have gotten blow jobs from them. Is there really any difference between a guy's mouth and a girl's mouth or a guy's ass and a girl's ass?" he continued.

"You know Jeremy based on my experience I would have to say no. Once you get passed the fact that it's a guy and it is gay sex, I have to say there is no difference," I agreed.

"I hoped you would say that," he said with a smile and then asked, "Would you like to fuck me? I know that you like my ass."

In a way I wasn't surprised by the question and I thought why not. No one would know, it would just be like Michelle and I was horny as hell. However I decided to play it cool.

"I don't know Jeremy. Your offer is tempting," I replied.

"No one has to know and no one will know unless you tell them. We can be discreet. I have always thought that you were hot. I wished your cock was sliding into my hole rather than a girl's and I would jerk off thinking about it."

"I have to tell you Jeremy before we go any further that I am not into cock," I said firmly.
