 Be careful what you bet.

Cody had me; we both knew he did. If I was in his place I'd be merciless. The bet was high stakes; whoever lost had to give the winner whatever he wanted. I thought I'd win. I'd already planned on my winnings: I'd trade cars with him for a week. Cody was in his element in his SUV and I grinned whenever I imagined him in a beat-up Kia. 

But I lost. The Penguins did not win the playoffs; no SUV for me, and it was up to Cody to decide what he wanted from me.

He came in gloating. "Ha ha, LOSER!" he cried when he saw me.

"Yeah yeah. Okay, what do you want?" 

He looked at me for about ten seconds.

"Show up at my house at seven, and I'll tell you then."

If I'd known then what he planned, I'd never have gone. Knowing what I knew now, I'd have gone. All the way.

I showed up at his house in the battered car I was still stuck with and knocked, and he let me in. He was wearing gym shorts, no shirt, no shoes; but I didn't think anything of it. He usually dressed like that around the house.

"C'mon in." He gave me a weird smile and he looked me up and down.

"So, I get anything I want from you." His voice was self-satisfied.

"Yeah, whatever, what do you want?"

"Follow me." He walked to his basement door and looked back at him. I was a bit irritated as I followed him down the stairs into the cool dark.

He had a pillory. It was on a big pedestal of wood about an inch high and six feet square, tiled, with casters on the bottom; that must have been why I'd never seen it before, because he had a couch down here I'd slept on quite a few times. The pillory was on the edge of the pedestal, about four feet to the crosspiece with the holes in it. It looked like a sturdy piece of work.

"In you go for an hour." He grinned and pointed at the pillory.

"You do this a lot?" I didn't really expect him to answer, but he did.

"As often as I can." I didn't know what that meant, but now I do. Do I ever. "C'mon, get in."

I put it off as long as I could, then I stood in front of the pedestal.

"No, get on it," he told me, and I stepped on the platform expecting to roll. It was locked still and didn't move a bit when I kicked it. I faced the pillory and felt this weird dread. I put my head and arms in there and he came over and locked it down on me, and put this big-ass padlock on it. It clicked like a jail door.

He looked at me and just grinned, then disappeared behind me. I didn't even feel him get on the platform, but my left leg was pulled up behind me the way you'd shoe a horse, and my shoe and sock were pulled off.

"What the fuck are you doing?" I asked him, and I felt him pulling up on my right leg and pulling at the shoe. When he had them both, he circled around into my field of view. 

"Just makin' you a bit more comfortable," he told me. "Bitch."

I didn't think anything about him calling me that, we insulted each other all the time. But then his fingers were at my belt buckle, and he unfastened my pants and started pulling them down with my boxers, and I struggled and kicked threw my weight against the pillory. It didn't move, it might have been made of cement. 

He got my pants around my ankles and somehow pulled them off my left leg, then my right, even though I kicked at my own leg where I felt his hands. "Cody, let me the fuck out of this thing!" That's enough man. Fucking quit that!"

He circled back into view and grinned again. "I get your ass for as long as I want it," he said to me, "so if you settle down this won't take an hour."

And then he did a dance move in front of me and I could see he was sporting some wood. I sank inside. "Aw, man, no...please..."

He looked down, and then back up at me, with that smile on his face. "What, this?" He dropped his gym shorts and stuck that huge fucking dick in my face. I was trying hard to get away from it but I couldn't escape the pillory, and he touched my cheek with it. It left a wet streak.

He moved out of view again, and I felt cold liquid run down the crack of my ass. He said behind me, "You're ass is mine, remember? Well, that's what I want. That sweet ass I been noticing."

"Fuck, you can't do this, I'll call the cops!"

I heard a swish and felt a swat across my ass that lit up like fire. I felt my ass clench up like a bank safe and a tear came to my eye I couldn't reach to wipe away. It was followed by another, then another and tears rolled down my nose to drip on the floor beyond the edge of the pillory. My back started to hurt from being in the pillory.

"You won't say shit, bitch," he told me, and now I knew he meant 'bitch' in a different way, like I was his property, the jailhouse I'm-about-to-fuck-your-ass way.

I felt his fingers rubbing my asshole, poking in a little, and another wash of cold liquid. His finger pushed in a little and stopped when I tightened up, then it'd go out a little and then in deeper, and I'd tense up and it would stop, and it went on like that til I could feel his finger moving inside me. Then it pulled all the way out and my ass shut tight, then it relaxed and he went all the way in with that finger and I made a yelping noise. I felt it rubbing around in there and it felt like a doctor visit. "How's the prostate, dick?" I yelled back at him, with hate in my voice.

"I'll tell you in a minute," he said, from right behind my head, and my shirt got lifted up around my neck and wrists. I felt his hairy chest on my back and then something hot and thick was sliding into me. I felt my asshole stretching to fit it, but it was too big and it hurt. It slid in a little way and then I felt more cold liquid and it slid in until it hit the back wall of my ass and further. It felt like it was moving my guts around. It kept going into me forever, and then I felt Cody's pubic hair pressed against my stinging ass.

"Oh, yeah," I heard him groan behind the pillory, and that cock thrust forward a little farther into me. I grunted and moved my body forward against the pillory as far as I could. He grabbed my hips and pulled them straight.

I was powerless, and strained against the pillory that held me. I was powerfully aware of the violating dick in me, and he moved it almost all the way out and then slipped it back in.

It hurt at first, and then it was uncomfortable, like I needed to go really bad. He moved in and out of me. I could smell latex and knew he'd put on a rubber. It was the least he could do; he was raping me.

He had made me his bitch.

It was that thought that did it. I felt myself get hot, like I had a fever, and I could feel his cock against my prostate and in a weird way it felt good. He stuck it into me deeper, and I felt a tingle at the base of my spine, behind the great big dick. 

I felt his hand on my dick and I realized I was rock-hard. "You like that, don't you?" he asked me. I didn't say anything, and I felt the cock slide out, and realized I missed it. I felt his finger against the head of my cock, and then he walked around to my face and showed me a dribble of come that he had wiped from the head of my penis. "See that? I think you're likin' this." He held his finger close to my lips. "Lick," he told me. I met his eyes, and I knew I wanted it. I stretched my tongue out and licked my come off his hand. His bitch.

"Good boy."

He picked up a digital camera and I screamed; he circled behind me and took a few shots while I struggled to hide my hardon. I watched the flash light up the wall with my shadow. "You tell the cops about THIS," he laughed, and there went that plan. I felt his fingers on my cock again, and he made me lick my come off his hand again, while he laughed at me. As I licked his hand, I felt some pleasure deep inside me at doing just what he said.

"You want me to keep fucking you, don't you?" he asked me. I didn't say anything, and I heard that swishing sound again and fire on my ass cheeks and agony rolled over me. My tears started rolling down my nose again, tickling and I couldn't scratch. "What did you say?"

"I want you to keep fucking me," I told him in a quiet voice.

I felt the head of his dick against my ass. It had had time to start contracting back to its normal state and it began to clench on him, and I knew that would hurt. I willed myself to relax and it slid in again, fast. I yelled. "Fuck, Cody, be easy!"

I felt him slide my legs apart, and he pulled up on my stomach while he fucked me, and his prick rubbed against my prostate and that feeling in the base of my spine started again, and my ass tightened on his ass moving inside me, and I felt my prostate swelling against his dick. Cody felt it too.

"Oh yeah, you come for me bitch," he said, and the word echoed in my head, bitch, yes, his bitch, and his hand was on me, stroking in time with his thrusts, and my prostate throbbed against the moving dick and electricity ran up my spine and Cody stuck me hard and fast and I felt myself coming, I knew I was making a huge mess on the pillory and the floor, I didn't care, I came so hard against and around Cody and I said his name in my ecstasy and I felt spurt after spurt rocketing through my body by way of my asshole and prostate.

Cody slowed and pulled out of me. I heard a rubber-glove sound and Cody came into view with no condom on.

"You're a sweet little thing, aren't you?" he asked, smiling, his cockhead seeping pre-come. I just nodded. How could I deny it? "Show me how sweet you are." He moved the head of his dick in front of me.

Now I was cooled off sex, I didn't want to. "I'll bite it," I told him. He walked out of my field of view and came back with a thin piece of bamboo. He had caned me.

"You want more of this?" he asked me, and I shook my head. I wanted no part of that kind of pain again. "Then you open wide and be good to me."

The worst part was the taste of latex; I found myself licking all over his unit and spitting, trying to get the taste off, and then the head went onto my tongue. The taste of his come was sweeter than mine, less salty, and at first I was kind of revolted but then I felt like his bitch again, and it was a good feeling. I ran my tongue on the bottom, the way I liked, and I tightened my lips into a circle to rub up and down on him like my ass must have. I ran my tongue from side to side and sucked air in past my lips with a sloppy slurping kind of sound, something I'd always loved when it was done to me. I looked up and could see Cody's chest, then his head came into view and I knew he'd had his head back to feel it, to feel me. I moved my neck with him as far as the pillory would let me. I couldn't really tell, but I thought my prick was as hard as a rock again. I felt Cody's hand on the back of my head, and he pulled out just a little, his dickhead on the middle of his tongue, and then his dick swelled and I knew what was coming. Him. His dick shot into my mouth and I swallowed it all. His bitch.

He groaned over and over and I took him all, swallowing all of him and licking him clean. I chanced a look up and saw him smiling down at me, like I was a new toy.

"You like it, don't you, bitch?"

"Cody..." I didn't know what to say to him. 

"I knew you were a bitch," he told me. "You were just waiting for the right dick to shove up into you a couple hundred times." 

He unlocked the padlock--the key had been in it the whole time--and let me out of the pillory. I carefully straightened my complaining back and saw a huge puddle of come on the platform.

"Feel better, little bitch?" I realized our relationship was changed. He'd made me take his cock, and he'd made me suck him off, and I was his bitch forever.

He took my hand, and he was tender, and I held it. "I feel better. I feel like you hit me in the ass with your truck, but it...it was...really good."

"Yeah, I figured," he said, pointing at my stiff cock. He led me to the couch and threw me down on it. "I'll do something about that."

His lips closed on me and it was incredible. His mouth was like wet silk on me, slick but with friction, and his tongue was soft on me. I started to move with him and grabbed his shoulders to pull my cock to him. He pulled me in and out with his tongue harder and more insistent with each stroke and I felt myself gather inside and felt that electricity again as I built...and built..and exploded into his mouth. He quickly got up and kissed me, spitting my come into my mouth. I swallowed dutifully, good little bitch that I am.

"You can get up and go," he told me. "But your ass is still mine. Be back here tomorrow at seven."

"I thought an hour--" I couldn't finish; I was confused.

"Yeah, you know, you're right, I said an hour, but...with those pictures, that could go on the Web real easy--" He gave me that grin again.

"I figure I've got your ass forever," he said, and smiled wider. "Bitch."