 Hey everyone. Sorry for making everyone wait so long. Back here with the 6th episode though am very late this time. College started and barely got time to write but I promise that the next episode, which is the final one will be posted real soon! 

Enjoy this episode till then.

*

Having gone through stressful mental trauma, caused mainly by his own thoughts and mind, Aiden was finally letting go and enjoying himself. A naked Will had him pressed against a wall as they fiercely kissed, while Will ground his crotch against a fully clothed Aiden. The younger boy elicited moans that were greedily captured by his lover's mouth, barely giving him any space to breathe.

There was some confusion in the back of Aiden's mind. Why had Will been acting weirdly and even cold-shouldering him earlier? But he let those thoughts melt away as he lost himself in the passionate lover that was Will; the great solid chiseled body, the perfect musculature, the soft lips and aquiline face; all topped off with a healthy dose of passion.

Aiden was being kissed by Will almost punishingly. He was firmly geld against the wall as Will continued to ravage his mouth, then slipped his hand into the waist band of jeans and began tugging them down, forcing his lover to join his state of nakedness. Aiden was having a hard time breathing and was sucking at the air in Will's mouth to sustain his own respiration. He was hot and heavy and could not sense anything other than the flood of sensations Will was making him experience. 

Will suddenly jerked up Aiden's thighs, making them straddle his hips on either side. Still smothering Aiden's lips with his own, he stumbled as he walked for both of them towards the bedroom. Upon reaching there he unceremoniously dumped Aiden on the bed. Aiden writhed about and struggled to get out of his confining clothes moaning 'I want you so bad'.

While smiled evilly and pounced upon Aiden who had barely gotten rid of his underwear till then. His lips were back to being punished by Will's who was greedily biting and forcing his mouth upon them. Aiden was certain that his lips would be all swollen and puffy later, but he did not care about that now. Will and he had had rough sex the first few days after they met, but it had become more of gentle love-making sessions ever since the day he was anxious when Tinka had first cast aspersions on Will. Now seemingly Will was back to wanting it rough and animalistic and Aiden was fine with that. He opened his eyes and noticed Will's hungry ones. Then he noticed something was a little off with Will's eyes. There was a white glint along the cornea which was slowly dissolving as he watched. Was he hallucinating?

As Will pressed himself further into the boy, he suddenly reached below and started guiding his rock hard erection into Aiden. Aiden was shocked. Will was not using a condom and was pressing against his hole aggressively now. Aiden shut his eyes tightly and braced himself for the pain as Will continued to enter him while at the same time ravenously attacked his mouth. They had never had sex without a condom before. Why was Will wanting it now? Maybe he was so high that he had lost control; but should Aiden himself allow it?

Aiden groaned, more with pain than with pleasure, but his groans were lost in Will's mouth. Aiden knew what was happening was not what he would have approved of in his normal state of mind, but then he thought of how Will had been snubbing him recently. If he denied Will right now, the chasm between them might grow further. Aiden had no intention of losing Will. He gasped with pain as Will entered him fully, his pubes coming in contact with Aiden's ass cheeks, Aiden on his back and his legs flung wildly into the air.

Will withdrew all the way outside and slammed back into the boy. Aiden yelped with pain and squirmed as he lightly pressed his knees against Will's chest, signaling him to take it slow. But it seemed Will had other things in mind. Will withdrew once more till the head and foisted his hard member inside Aiden's hole. "Will..." Aiden cried out in the middle of mind-numbing pain; pain that was excruciating. That's when Will picked up pace.

Will wildly pulled in and out and stared to savagely fuck the Alchemist. Fucking him like a sore pig. Pistoning in and out, driving his member till the last millimeter, as Aiden's ass muscles lost all hope and screamed in pain. Will had just begun. The veins on his penis distended obscenely as he continued to brutalize the boy. He had pinned down Aiden's hands on either side of the boy and was ingesting all the boy's screams, capturing them with his own mouth.

Aiden was in hell. His asshole was burning, making him experience pain he had never felt before in his life. The lack of lubrication and Will's pace huge member were too much for him. He was struggling and writhing beneath the demonic form of Will which continued to assault him. His muscles were sore from the fruitless struggle he was using to get Will to stop, his strength insignificant in front of his powerful lover. Will had fingers of both hands tightly interlocked with Aiden as he held his hands against the bed sheet. Aiden was trying to bite onto Will's mouth but it was proving ineffective as Will even continued to batter his mouth. The boy was not even being able to ask for him to stop. Tears left his eyes owing to the unbearable pain

Suddenly Will let go of Aiden's mouth to gasp for breath. Aiden seized the moment as he let out a high pitched scream. "WIIILLLL STOP."

Will stopped moving as Aiden looked up into the eyes of his lover. They were white in color, and he was sure of it this time. They were watering and turning lucid slowly, as if Will wanted to cry. And they were also slowly returning to their intense green shade. Suddenly Will balked as the forces of Subjugation overpowered him once more. He would continue his brutalization of the boy. But Aiden had had enough. He instantly brought both his feet against Will's pectorals and kicked with all his strength. 

Will went sailing through the air as he crashed into a wall behind, his head slamming the wall as he plummeted into it. And there he sat still upright, his eyes wide open. They were White in color.

Aiden mustered all his strength as he jumped off the bed. There were tears streaming down his face. Tears of pain. Aiden hated crying.

"What's wrong with you Will?" he bellowed almost pleadingly. Will did not answer. He just continued to stare at the boy in front of him. Aiden's ass was hurting bad. He was pretty sure he was bleeding or something but did not have he courage to reach a hand behind to check. He looked about frantically for his clothes and then quickly slipped on his jeans without his underwear. He was getting out of here as fast as possible; as fast as the current state of his body allowed him. 

Aiden wiped the tears on his face with the back of his hand as he quickly collected his stuff and fled from the room.

Will stretched out a hand as if begging him to stop. "Aiden." He called out softly, but the boy was not listening. The door slammed as Aiden bolted from the flat.

~~~

Aiden's entire body hurt. His muscles were burning. His butt hurt like a thousand stinging needles. But none of that pain matched the pain in his heart. He hated the fact that tears had recently left his eyes; even though they had been tears of pain. He never cried.

Aiden ran out of Will's building entrance as fast as he could. He had no car this time. He would have to run towards college on foot. What would he do now?

'What was wrong with Will?' he questioned himself again and again. 'What happened to Will suddenly?' 'Why had Will tried to rape him so savagely?' Aiden felt contempt at himself as he thought about how he himself must somehow be at fault for all this.

His whole world had gone drastically awry in the last one day. From rejection to doubts and anxiety, from accusations to long formed friendships at the brink of destruction, from confused friends to misguided lovers, from lovers to savage abusers; what the fuck was happening to his world?

Aiden continued running towards his college as he contemplated what he should do. He wished that the earth would just open up and swallow him up. Maybe he should just jump over the bridge to his death. But isn't suicide for cowards who can't face the tribulations of life. Isn't that throwing away precious life? 

A heavy fog was gradually descending as Aiden ran. It being late evening, the surroundings were dark and they were now being heavily shrouded. Aiden's footsteps resounded all along the pavements he ran. The boy was scared. Why had his lover treated him like that? Why had he been so brutal? What kind of beast had gotten into him? Is this how beautiful people toyed around with inferior looking ones? Play around with their feelings and then use them as trash cans? Was this what Will thought of him; treat him like a charity case for some time, coddle him all along and then trample all over him? 

Aiden felt sick at himself for all the negative thoughts. There had to be an explanation for all of it. Will was not like this. After all, had he not said that he would always stay by his side? And what was that white glow in his eyes that he had noticed? Also Aiden did not want to admit it to himself at that time, but he was certain that he had seen extreme sorrow and regret on Will's face when he had hastily departed from his apartment.

Aiden slowed down his running gasping for breath. The fog around him was getting thicker and thicker. It was hardly possible to see more than a few feet anymore. Where did such mysterious mist suddenly appear from?

Aiden stopped completely to catch his breath. His body was still sore and his butt was absolutely raging with pain by now. Even the weather seemed to be working against him now. He balked as he heard footsteps coming towards him. Someone was approaching. He strained his eyes in the direction of the footsteps. A tall shape was slowly appearing amidst the thick smoke. Aiden braced himself as he thought about how he would face his rapist lover.

The shape gradually emerged from the mist. It was Scott; Scott White.

~~~

Will sobbed uncontrollably as his entire body shook and shuddered. What was happening to him? Why could he not control himself? What had he just done? Why had he hurt his love?

Aiden had begged him to stop and he had ruthlessly continued. The eyes of his lover had cried out in pain and hurt and he himself wanted nothing more than to stop and comfort his lover. But he had not been able to do that. What had his Empress done to him?

The air before the shuddering fallen angel began to warp and deform as slowly a young girl with golden tresses and blue eyes appeared on the material plane. Empress Woe had just appeared before her servant. But she did not have much time. Night would fall soon and she would be forced to return to the Kingdom of Void.

"You, Arangyunus have become pathetic!" The little girl held out her right palm and stretched the fingers apart, hovering above Black's chest. A dark glow emanated from her digits as Black suddenly lurched forward and blood gushed out from his mouth.

"And I am forced to do this to you," the little girl continued as the eyes of her guardian were being forced to turn to a milky white shade. 

The Empress had had enough. She had waited too long for the Alchemist to come willingly to her. And now even her own servant was serving her unwillingly. He had even managed to momentarily counter the dominance of the 'Stone of Subjugation', all saturated in those icky feelings of love and compassion he felt for the boy. Feelings that were even overwhelming loyalty to her. She would not tolerate this. She would force Black to place her will at first priority, no matter what the cost.

She withdrew her hand as she finished maximizing the effects of the Stone embedded into Black's heart. Now he would obey her even as his heart bled.

All she had to do now was to make him find the Alchemist and quickly set matters right. Wooing the Alchemist would come to an abrupt halt now. She would resort to coercing the boy to do her will. And if the alchemist went out of control, she would kill him. 

~~~

Aiden flinched as Scott neared him. He was in an unstable mood. Scott neared him with a look of sorrow, with empathy in his eyes, but Aiden was not sure how Scott would react now; and more importantly, how he should react. Shouldn't he just run away from there? Scott had tried to make a move on him earlier. What would Scott attempt to do now? Rape him?

"Aiden." Scott called out softly as he stepped towards him slowly. 

Aiden had a pained expression on his face as he took a small step backwards. His body was burning all over. Should he shut out this friend too? He had been running away too much.

"Aiden please." Scott called out. The mighty angel was having an arduous time with the boy here. And all he wanted right now was to comfort and protect him. 

"Please Aiden, I will not do anything that displeases you."

The pupils of Aiden's eyes were shaking unsteadily. Then suddenly he relaxed and let his body loose. Immediately Scott stepped forward and enveloped him in his alms. Aiden made no attempt to shrug him off. He just let himself loose in the warm embrace that was the mighty Keeper of the Light.

White hugged the alchemist protectively in his alms, the embrace firm enough to let the boy know of the security he intended to offer. Fog was thick around the conjoined pair, fog that had been summoned by the white angel himself. He put a hand over Aiden's head who sighed and rested his head upon the sturdy man's shoulder. The mighty angel had wanted to hug the boy since so long. Just hold him tight and kiss him. But he would have to curb all his longings even now.

White sensed the extreme discomfort and restlessness the boy was experiencing, even the physical pain burning through him. Slowly he crept into the boys mind and chanted a lulling spell into it. The boy would relax and fall asleep. White had promised never to enter the boy's mind unless a dire situation required him to do so. Now seemed the time.

Aiden felt his entire body relaxing, the physical pain was magically subsiding. His tense body was slowly falling slack against Scott's solid body. There was thick fog around them and visibility was reduced to zero. But he did not care for now. His eye lids were getting heavy as he felt something warm and fluffy enveloping his entire body, wrapping itself around him. He wondered what it was but his eyes would not open, he was too lost in the soporific effect Scott was having on him. Soporific and calming. He trusted Scott, despite what he had attempted earlier. The last thing Aiden saw in his mind before he slipped into a peaceful slumber was Will's face; happy and smiling; telling him he would always stay by his side.

White had brought out his great wings. The spotless wings were wrapped around the boy, protecting him from the chilled air and from dangers unseen. He gently held the boy as he fell asleep and then easily lifted him into his alms, walking over to a bench on the pavement side and lying down on it along with Aiden on top off him, still cocooned in his pearly wings, wings that resembled soft white petals of roses, warm, safe and peaceful. He stretched out an arm from beneath wings as Aiden squirmed in his sleep.

"Guardian Ability 12; Sheltered Enclave." Spiritual energies dissipated from his hand and formed a spherical cordon around the lying pair. The cordon would prevent people from noticing them there throughout the night. It would also shield them from Empress Woe and Black.

White slipped back his arm around Aiden who smiled in his sleep and held onto him tighter. The great white angel looked down at the peaceful sleeping face of the boy, feeling happy that he could at least momentarily rid the boy of the demons that possessed him a few minutes back. He knew not what lay ahead of them, but he knew on thing, he would give his all to protecting the boy.

~~~ ~~~

The Empress was furious. She had spent a restless eight hours - the night time on the material plane, fruitlessly searching for the alchemist. But the boy had simply vanished. All efforts to try and trace him had been in vain. And now she was back on the material plane; she had gotten there at the first crack of dawn and ordered Black to try and track down the Alchemist as well. Where was the boy? Had Witenhoem gotten him before? The consequences of that would be drastic.

The Empress had split from her guardian to speed up the search. She had been telepathically relaying messages to Black all along but the two of them were having no luck. She beckoned Black to meet up with her soon.

Using spells and tracing techniques were seeming pointless. She and Black would have to physically travel to various places and see if they could pick up any trace of the boy.

~~~

Aiden lolled about lazily as something vibrated against his leg. He felt the hard surface on which he lay and wondered where the warm feeling that had enveloped him till a few moments back had vanished. Suddenly he jerked up awake. His phone was buzzing in his cargo pockets, and that had been the juddering feeling against his leg. 

He looked about frantically as he dug his hand into his pocket to retrieve the phone. It was early morning. He had been sleeping on a sidewalk bench all night? How did he end up here? He glanced at his phone display. 7:03 AM on a Monday morning; and it was Dominic calling.

"Hello." Aiden whispered into the phone holding in his breath as memories of the previous day crashed through his mind, overwhelming all his senses. 

"Aiden, it's me. Where are you?"

"Uh, I'm..." Aiden looked about frantically and caught sight of Scott who was squatting atop a five foot fence with his alms hanging down loose. Scott grinned sheepishly as he realized Aiden had noticed him. Blue eyes and shining golden hair; he was every bit as stunning as Aiden remembered him to be.

"Aiden I am at your dorm room right now, and you're not here. I need to talk to you," Dominic stated impatiently from the other side of the line. "Where are you?"

Aiden was still staring at the picturesque vision of the beautiful man before him. Had this man watched over him all night? That was too weird!

"I'm just, just outside right now," Aiden finally stammered back into the phone. "Why do you need to talk?" he whispered fearing the worst.

"Can you meet me outside Café beans in 20 minutes?"

"Yeah, that'll be..."

"Fine then, see you there." 

Aiden heard the phone click as Dominic disconnected the line. What was going on? He looked at his phone display to find three missed calls by Dominic. Was he sleeping that peacefully that he did not wake up earlier? He usually slept like a watchdog; awaking at the slightest sound or movement.

"Scott," Aiden took a deep breath before asking. "Did I spend the entire night here?"

"Yup." Scott replied cheekily as he jumped down form the fence.

"And you were there too?" Aiden asked incredulously.

"Yup; watching over you."

Aiden turned red. He was feeling all warm and tingly inside, but this was way too weird for him. "Err, I'm sorry about last night; was having a really rough time."

"No problem." Scott replied with a sad smile on his face. It was a pleasure to look after you."

Aiden was at a loss of words. A pair off joggers trotted by frowning at a groggy boy who just woke up after a night's sleep on the sidewalk bench. He swung his legs and got off the bench in one swift motion. He had no idea what to say to Scott. But he had to meet Dominic in 20 minutes and he had to take care off his breath and hair before that.

"Ok, I gotta go now." He stated flatly as he collected himself and straightened his clothes.
