 Part 1 - Prologue, and Extending the Invitation 

It was my first year as an upperclassman, and I was finally the starter at shooting guard. Most of our players were upperclassmen; all of our starters except at point guard, where highly-touted freshman Marcus Washington was expected to earn the starter's spot. We had been a very good team last year, just missing out on winning our conference, and with most of our players from last year returning plus our addition of Marcus, we expected to win it this year. 

I had finally finished my general education classes, and was working on the courses that I wanted to take for my major. 

Things were going great with my girlfriend, Sarah. She's fun, beautiful, and extremely kinky; she is the more adventurous than I am, which shocked me. I never expected to be the prude in a relationship; that's not great for my guy credentials. For my 22nd birthday, she invited her roommate, Jamie, to join us for a threesome. I could barely keep up with pleasuring both of them, and they ended up together for part of the night, much to my delight. 

I was really looking forward to this semester; things were looking up. 

------------------------------ 

We started out 4-0 on the season. Marcus was cocky as shit, and I worried about how he would integrate into the team but despite his attitude, he was a very unselfish player. Besides, his arrogance was backed up by ability; he wasn't just talented, he was also in incredible shape and could probably play the entire game if we needed him to. He was quickly showing that he was the best player on the team, and was the early front-runner for Player of the Year in our conference. I had entered the season thinking that I was the best player on the team; he quickly disabused me of that notion, but due to his play I was having an even better season than I had expected. 

After we won our fifth game (with me leading the team in points, with 23, to go along with 5 boards and 3 assists, and I added a block and 2 steals defensively; of course, Marcus was named Player of the Game, putting up 16 points, 12 assists, and 6 boards, plus 4 steals... not that I was competing with him, of course), Sarah and I went back to my dorm to celebrate. 

After we finished, sweaty and satiated, she put her head on my shoulder and looked at me. 

"Remember a few months ago, when we had a threesome with Jamie?" 

"Um..." I put my hand to my chin, mock-thinking. "Doesn't ring any bells." 

"Well..." she started. "I kind of was hoping you'd be willing to do the same thing for me," she hurried her words, not looking at me. 

"You mean..." 

"Another guy," she clarified. 

I thought about it. Shit, I really didn't want to... but I wanted to make her happy, and I certainly didn't want to do anything to discourage her from being adventurous. Goddamn it. 

"C'mon, I did it for you , you aren't willing to do the same for me?" She grabbed my arm and looked at me pleadingly. 

"Okay, fine," I caved, knowing it was useless to fight her. She was always able to bend me to her will, either with sex appeal, begging, or by just plain bullying me. I had learned to not bother fighting her. 

"With Marcus," she blurted. 

"Huh?" I asked eloquently. 

"What?" she asked. "He's hot. Besides," she smirked, "I've heard he's HUNG." 

"I thought size didn't matter," I joked. 

"Of course it does, silly; why do you think I'm dating you?" I wasn't porn-star big, but I had nothing to be ashamed of. She had measured me at nearly 8 inches, and told me I was the biggest she had ever had. Well, if I invited Marcus into a threesome with Sarah and I, that wouldn't be the case any longer. I'd seen him in the showers and soft, he might be as big as I was hard. 

"Jesus, baby, I don't know how to bring that up in conversation; we're not exactly friends." I told her, not wanting to see him fucking my girlfriend. We had a friendly rivalry on the court, trying to out-do each other; the other man being Marcus was asking a lot, maybe too much. Especially since he normally got the better of me in basketball. 

"Just ask him if he wants to fuck me, I'm sure he'll say 'yes,'" she told me, smiling, knowing that no matter what I said, eventually I'd acquiesce. 

"I'll talk to him," I assured her, immediately regretting my decision. I wondered if she chose him just to tweak me, since he had emerged as the best player on the team, and was the de facto leader even though I was the team captain. Although, I could see why she would choose him: he was in great shape, hung, and did very well with the ladies, playing the field rather successfully. Really, that made me even more resentful of her choice. I did owe her though. Maybe it would be fun. Yeah... sure... 

------------------------------ 

After practice on Wednesday, I hung back and took much longer to shower and change than was usual. I noticed again how well-endowed he was, looking him over when we were the only two people left in the showers. I didn't want him to notice me checking him out; heck, I didn't want to check him out, but knowing that he would be joining Sarah and me (I had no doubt he'd agree), I couldn't help myself... it was only natural to size up my "competition." 

I am 6'3" and only 205 pounds, a bit undersized for a shooting guard, but I'm quick and athletic enough to get around bigger shooting guards and finish at the basket. I have a surfer's lean build, with short dirty blonde hair and light blue eyes, so light they look almost gray. Marcus, in contrast, while shorter than me at barely 5'11" actually outweighed me. He was listed at 215, and he looked even bigger than he was at the beginning of the season. He had almost no body fat, he was just heavily muscled. He could bull and overpower opposing point guards, but despite his size, he was also probably both the fastest and quickest guy on the court. He looked like a football player, and played a bit like one too. His skin was very dark, as was his hair, although he kept his head shaved. 

He finished showering and left. I finished up to and followed him out, hoping that the locker room was empty so that we could talk alone. I was lucky; surprisingly, we were the only two left. 

"Hey, Marcus, you know Sarah, right?" 

"Who?" he asked. 

"My girlfriend..." 

"Oh... yeah?" 

"Well..." I hesitated, then just blurted it out. "She wants a threesome." 

"Cool." 

"With a guy..." 

He just looked at me. 

"With you." 

"Oh." He smirked. "Very cool." 

"For her birthday, this Saturday. You down?" 

He just raised his eyebrow at me. 

"Yeah, figured. You got plans?" I asked him. 

"Nah. You know where my dorm is, right?" 

I was a bit miffed; it should be at MY dorm. I decided not to make a big deal about it. "Sure." 

"What time?" 

"After practice, I'll drop my shit off and then we'll be there," I told him. 

"Just me, dude? You wanna invite the whole team to have a go at her?" 

I envisioned Sarah on her knees, surrounded by black cock, then I pictured her on her back, me fucking her while she sucked off Marcus and jerked off two more black cocks. As kinky as she was, I bet she'd like that - I'd bet she'd have the stamina for it, too - but that wasn't exactly my idea of a good time. I could tell he was joking, though. 

"Maybe next time." I quipped. 

He chuckled, then left. 

I adjusted my hard-on, grabbed my things, then followed him out the door. 

Over the next few days, we didn't really interact much more than usual. He did ask me why I asked him, since we weren't exactly friends. I told him, without thinking, that it was Sarah's idea. He just smirked, and was a bit more insufferable than usual. I kicked myself as soon as I told him, realizing how it would sound, but I don't know what else I could've said. I should've told him that it was my idea; I had never been with a black guy. I grinned to myself. 

Part 2 - Marcus' Dominance 

The day arrived, and Sarah and I went to Marcus' dorm. It was more secluded than mine, and as we walked in, I noticed it was nicer, too. I guess it pays to be a highly sought after recruit. Douchebag. 

We just hung out for a while, talking and getting to know one another a bit, putting Sarah at ease with the situation. Honestly, I was nervous too, and we weren't exactly sure how to begin. Eventually, Sarah went to the bathroom whereupon Marcus took the initiative. 

"You ready, dude? I'm about bursting. Let's do this thing. Just strip down to your boxers, and when she comes backs she won't be able to keep her hands off us." 

He wasted no time in removing his shirt and pants; I couldn't stop myself from again admiring his body. I'm fit, but I wish I could get that kind of definition. He could be on the cover of a magazine. I was actually a little worried that I wouldn't be able to measure up. He looked over at me, and I quickly looked away, busying myself with removing my own clothes. 

Sarah came back, and when she noticed our state of undress, a wide grin spread across her face. She walked over to Marcus and ran her hands admiringly over his body, feeling his muscle tone. Maybe I should've been jealous but I realized that she was seeing him for the first time, and this was about her. Besides, the contrast of her white skin on his dark skin was kind of a turn on. 

She pulled the waistband of his boxers away from his body, looked down, and gasped. I had some idea what she was seeing, not just because I'd seen him in the showers but also I could see him straining against his boxers. She fell to her knees and very slowly pulled his boxers down. His semi-hard prick was slowly revealed, until she pulled his boxers down far enough that it bounced out and smacked her dead in the face. She giggled nervously, eyes wide at his unbelievable size. Even I had to gasp as I saw it; he was longer and thicker than I am, and he wasn't fully hard yet. I don't think she noticed my reaction over her giggling, although Marcus shot me a wink. 

He slowly stroked himself as she knelt before him, and she leaned forward and licked the head. She pushed aside his hands and tried to wrap her own around him, mostly succeeding. She opened her mouth wide and somehow fit the head of his black cock into her mouth. Her cheeks betrayed her actions as she eagerly bobbed on his cock. 

I stepped towards the two of them. She removed her right hand from his shaft, still pumping him while she also attempted to remove my boxers. I assisted her as she struggled to pull them down one-handed, and when they fell to my knees she grasped my own rock-hard dick in her hand, slowly jacking me while she sucked him. I enjoyed the feeling of her jerking me off while my gaze remained riveted on her giving Marcus a sloppy blowjob. I had never really watched interracial porn, but I could now see the appeal. His black cock in her mouth made for an arousing contrast. 

She pulled back, and his cock popped out of her mouth, copious amounts of her drool making it gleam, and strands connected her mouth to his cock still. She turned towards me and surprised me by kissing me on the mouth. I was really hot after the show she put on, and didn't think as I eagerly returned her kiss. After we separated though, I realized how dirty that was, to kiss her after she sucked off Marcus; it was almost as if I had sucked him off myself. I thought I could taste him, but dismissed it as my imagination. 

She continued to jack both of us, and she starting giving me a blowjob. Her wet mouth felt great, and she almost swallowed the entire length of my dick. I was so close to cumming, it wasn't long before I had to push her away. 

She immediately returned her attention to Marcus' giant cock. I merely watched as she took his hard, hot cock into her mouth, my hand wrapped around my dick but so charged up that I didn't jerk off, afraid that the slightest sensation would set me off. She was forced to stretch her lips incredibly wide to fit his thick black cock into her mouth, and seeing her pull off the feat caused my dick to jump in my hand. Under normal circumstances I wouldn't like the thought of her sucking another guy, but as turned on as I was her slutty behavior just heightened my arousal. She ran her hands along his body, feeling his abs and thighs, caressing his body. 

Marcus' thrust forward, forcing his cock deep into her mouth, causing her to gag. He palmed her head and forced his cock as deep down her throat as it would go. Tears streamed down her face, but she gripped the back of his strong thighs, helping him to violate her mouth. After a few seconds without air, he pulled out and she gasped, breathing heavily. 

"Holy shit!" she said. She wasn't angry; she was as turned on as I was. 

"Fuck, this bitch can deep-throat," he said, I assume to me although he didn't look up. "I've never had a girl get that much in her mouth before. That was almost all of it." 

He picked her up and carried her to his bed, dropping her on her back before smoothly placing her right leg over his left shoulder. He entered her slowly (shit, did he put on a condom?), and I listened to her breathless gasps as he stretched her.  

"Holy Fuck! Fuck, fu-u-ck, FUCK!" she just swore breathlessly while he worked his massive cock into her. "So big, so BIG, fuck, you're BIG." She gasped, and occasionally remarked on how big he was. 

I just listened to her, turned on by her words as well as his actions. He had neatly pushed me aside; our threesome hadn't turned out as I would've hoped, but somehow, for some reason, I didn't really care. I'm sure Sarah was enjoying herself. I slowly stroked my dick while I watched him fuck my girlfriend, his thrusts becoming faster and deeper. I admired him as he took her, watching his ass and back muscles as he worked his hips. I should've joined in, I should've walked around and fed her my dick so that she was filled at both ends... but I was mesmerized. I couldn't tear my gaze away from Marcus as he pleasured my girlfriend. 

"That's right, you love that, don't you, bitch? You gonna cum, slut, you gonna cum in front of your boyfriend?" At this, I heard a moan; I think it was her, but it may have been me. 

He sped up, and then I saw her toes curl, then spread wide as her body started quaking. She screamed breathlessly, and he slowed down, maintaining a slow, steady pace as her body was rocked by orgasm. 

He flipped her over, and bent her aggressively over his bed, and thrust into her from behind. He grabbed her forearms and twisted them behind her back, pinning her to his bed, and then he went at her again. 

Holy shit, he wasn't done? As it turned out, he had a lot more in him, and he fucked her doggy-style to another orgasm, spanking her roughly (I had never been that rough with her, but she seemed to really like it), before he led her over to a full-length mirror, and fucked her in front of that. I met her eyes while he pounded her, and she winked at me, clearly enjoying herself. 

I stood by, jacking off while watching him put on a show. I had to stop multiple times to stop myself from climaxing, but he hardly slowed down. I was in awe of his sexual prowess, and I couldn't ever really get back into the "threesome." Eventually, I forgot all about wanting to get involved again, and just admired the amazing show I was receiving. It was a hundred times better than any porn I'd ever seen. 

After probably an hour of this, he finally came, this time sitting on the chair while she sat on his lap, her legs draped over the armrests. Even then, he gave her a body-shaking orgasm first (I think her fourth of the night, although there may have been more, it was hard to tell), before he exploded into her. 

She slumped over, eyes half-lidded, her smile conveying complete satisfaction, although she barely looked awake. He had fucked her into a nearly comatose state. She was a complete mess, her hair clinging to her face, completely limp laying on his bed. 

Part 3 - My Submission 

He turned and looked at me, smirking. 

"So, you enjoy the show, dude?" 

I swallowed. I didn't want to reveal how much it had turned me on, I could hardly believe it myself. He smirked at me; my erection gave me away. 

I looked again at Sarah, almost comatose, overwhelmed with pleasure. Seeing him satisfy her so thoroughly should've made me jealous, but watching him fuck her, I couldn't help but be impressed. Fuck, watching his black cock plunder my white girlfriend turned me on. I would never have believed it, but for some reason that was my reaction to watching another man fuck her: arousal. I had expected some jealousy, but it was like being allowed to watch porn live. 

"Well, she seems done for the moment," Marcus said, clearly pleased with himself. I can't believe his performance turned me on so much, but I couldn't help but be impressed at his skill. She had been thoroughly fucked, and I, unexpectedly, was turned on watching another man fuck my girlfriend. 

He looked down at his big, throbbing black cock. It was glistening with her juices and his. "Well, I'm not done." He turned towards Sarah. "Even if she is. Time for you to get off the sidelines and join in," he smirked at me. I didn't know if he was joking... a large part of me hoped he wasn't. I'm not gay, and I would never have considered it before, but.. his erect black cock made me reconsider. 

"Um, I don't think so, dude..." I said, my voice sounding unconvincing even to me. I kind of wanted him, but I wasn't going to submit to him, that wasn't me. I tried to convince myself that I was just turned on by the unusual circumstances. If I let him fuck me, if I submitted to him... I wouldn't be able to deny my feelings. "I'm not gay, dude," I nervously chuckled, and I inched backwards slowly. 

He strode towards me confidently, closing the gap between us in just a few steps. I gasped at his sudden movement... My vision dropped, then narrowed, and all I could see was his huge, veiny, black cock bouncing arrogantly with each step. It filled my vision, and my mouth felt weird. I swallowed, then licked my lips. There was no way he was actually going to... 

When he stopped, his black cock bumped into my own erect white dick, pushing it aside. Seeing his longer, thicker black cock next to my own white dick, dwarfing my not-insignificant erection, I fell further under his spell. He put his hands on my shoulders and guided me to my knees. I didn't put up the slightest resistance; I was so weak I could barely stand. It was easy to cede control to the powerful black teen. His age, - being younger than me, not even old enough to buy beer - turned me on even more, adding to the depravity of the situation. I felt so submissive in his presence, it just felt right to be on my knees for him. I was panting with lust, surprised by the overwhelming lust I felt for my black teammate and his gorgeous black cock. 

"Maybe, maybe not. But you've been staring at my big, black cock all night," and he thrust his hips forward, causing his cock to bounce up and down; my eyes followed it, mesmerized, proving his statement. 

He continued in a casual tone. "I saw you checking me out in the showers the other day, and I knew you wanted some black dick. Don't deny it, don't fight it, just submit." 

He was right, of course. I had stared; I thought I had been sizing him up as my competition, but had I just been lusting after his hard, muscular, black body, in particular his massive black cock? Based on my behavior tonight, I couldn't deny him. 

Standing over me, his big black cock filled my vision; I gazed up at it from my knees, kneeling before him like I was honoring a religious idol. Seeing his black cock jutting proudly out from his muscular thighs, so close to my face... I was actually turned on thinking that he would let me suck it. My thoughts were consumed by lust for his big black cock; I wanted him in my mouth, violating me, using me for his pleasure. I wanted him to treat me like he had treated Sarah. I wanted desperately to please him. 
