 I believe two weeks had passed and Saturday night rolled around once again. I was at my apartment with Bob and Brenda and it was pretty late when the phone rang. It was Vinny wanting me to come over. It was really late but long story, short, I went over there to his dorm and Dante had a road game so he was out of town. 

When I arrived and knocked at the door I heard Vinny's deep voice tell me to come in. I walked in and Vinny was sitting on the end of his couch with one leg stretched straight out on the cushions and his other leg was on the ground. He didn't have a stitch of clothing on and he was stroking his half hard cock. In case you haven't read any of my experiences with Vinny, let me describe him one last time. 

Vinny was 6'3 and was put together like a tank and was the starting linebacker on the football team. He was dark black and shaved his head. Vinny also was an amateur body builder and probably did steroids but I never asked him. He was put together like a bulldog with a thick neck, large barrel chest, monster arms, thick thighs, and large calves. His body reminded me of actor Terry Crews and he had, to date, the biggest cock that I have ever had, if you count length with the girth. It was 12 1/8 inches long and was not quite as dark as him but had a pink head and had a very smooth look except for the two protruding veins that you could see very easily. What made Vinny's cock so huge was its thickness. I never really knew how big around it was but I have said it a few times, it reminded me of Pringles can. It simply was amazing. 

"You need some help with that?" I asked Vinny as soon as I walked in seeing him stroke his black cock. 

"Damn straight. Get down here boy and give this thing some lovin," Vinny answered.

Since he had one leg up and the other on the ground, I got down on my knees a little diagonal to how he was sitting to give me better access to that cock. My hand took the place of his hand and I started stroking that fat monster. Vinny put his hand on the couch arm rest allowing me full control. It didn't take long for me to get that cock completely hard. I hadn't completely remembered how fat this cock was until I put mouth on it once again. Once my mouth was accommodating his size, I started sucking it with regularity and rhythm. Vinny slumped back just a little bit to enjoy his blowjob. 

"Damn boy, I forgot how good you suck dick," Vinny interrupted the sound of my slurping. 

"Ummm," was all I could moan not wanting to disrupt my pace. 

I was performing the "coke bottle" technique on him. That is when you suck up and down (as much as I could do with this huge cock) for about 8 strokes, then you jerk up and down the same amount of strokes. You keep alternating until it blows like a coke bottle that has been shaken up. I could feel his orgasm getting close. 

"You swallow?" Vinny asked while moaning. "I can't remember," he added. 

With a mouth full of hard cock, I answered with a muffled, "Uh huh."

I kept sucking and jerking Vinny wanting to make this magnificent black dong give me its warm creamy reward. It wasn't long after I felt him put his hand on the back of my head and yell out...

"OH FUCK! I'M CUMMIN!" Vinny choked out as I could see his toes clinch up from his foot that was on the floor.

I kept my mouth on Vinny's shooting cock. His cum was squirting and spewing out inside my mouth. I definitely didn't want to stop jerking it until he was completely done. I don't think he had cum in a while because he delivered a large amount. Vinny's cock finally stopped erupting and I gradually closed my mouth as I slowly pulled back off of it not wanting to lose any of his sperm. I was successful in getting off it with a single drop escaping and then I swallowed it back. It was slightly thicker than the last time and was just as salty but tasted even better. 

After I had swallowed Vinny's seed, I said while trying to catch my breath, "Whew that was a lot. When was the last time you came?"

"I don't know... I think it was last Sunday at Cherise's," Vinny answered with a puzzled look on his face. 

We talked a little bit about nothing really and he told me to come back next Saturday about 2 am. 

"I think it's time to take it," Vinny said meaning it was time for me to take that cock in my ass. 

I didn't respond but left feeling many emotions. I was excited to see if I could get that huge thing in me, terrified because there was no way it could not hurt, and nervous for the same reason. 

All week I thought about what Vinny had said and I slowly got mentally prepared for the challenge. When Saturday rolled around, I took my enema around 12:30, took my shower around 1:15, grabbed my ruler (that is when I was determined to know its length), grabbed my tin of Vasoline and headed out the door to Vinny's dorm around 1:45. 

When I arrived and entered his place, Vinny had just gotten out of the shower himself and was wearing nothing but his long jean shorts and thick grey, wool, hiking socks inside his high top, untied, light brown Timberland work boots. I could tell he had been drinking a lot. 

"I hope you're ready. Nobody has ever taken all of me inside their pussy and nobody has taken any of me in their ass," Vinny warned as he handed me a pain pill. "You need to take this," he added. 

"I'm nervous. You have to go slow," I advised Vinny. 

I took the pill and we sat down and talked about sports for a little while until I started feeling the effects. Vinny dropped his shorts but kept his boots and socks on which if found extremely sexy. This man's body was like a god because he was so cut and completely ripped. His huge dong hung down to his knees while his huge balls hung about half way to his head. He started stroking this beast and asked if we were ready for the bedroom? 

Vinny and I went into my bedroom. I sat the lube and the ruler on the night table beside the bed. Vinny was standing up against the wall and I walked to him and knelt down in front him. His cock smelled like soap and I just wished I could actually swallow the whole thing. I played with his cock and gave it soft kisses. His cock head had a deep cleft under its head like an upside down heart and I flicked my tongue inside the trench to get this monster to wake up. I would alternate licking up and down his shaft and digging my face into his low hanging balls. My lust was really building as I serviced this huge black package. Vinny just leaned back on the wall, kept his hands to his side, and let me do my thing until his dick had grown fully erect to its proud 12 inches. That is when I measured it. After I measured it, I was amazed but it didn't take long for me to start sucking it once again. 

Vinny said, "If we keep this going, you're gonna make me cum. I want you to eat my ass. Dante said you do that stuff, right?"

I shook my head in agreement. Vinny walked over to the bed, placed his hands on it and spread his legs. I came over, grabbed a foot stool sitting beside the bathroom door and placed it on the floor behind him. I used my thumbs to pull apart his strong, muscular, ass cheeks and gently stuck my tongue in and licked up and down in his crack. 

"Yea, that's it. Get in there. That feels real nice," Vinny said. 

I continued to lick his crack and would periodically move down to his taint and balls. Vinny would twitch whenever I hit a sensitive spot. I then dug into his asshole with my tongue. I circled around the puckered eye, giving it a real once over using as many different techniques. I would start on the checks then swirl my tongue around while moving closer to the entrance before wiggling it when I arrived. 

"My boy wasn't lyin, you are the shit when it comes to eatin ass," moaned Vinny. 

I continued to bury my face and tongue in Vinny's butt when the phone rang. Vinny was able to reach the phone without having to move. I could tell it was Dante calling from his hotel room and I could only hear Vinny's comments...

"Yea... Right now... You ain't lyin... Not yet but were gettin close... (can't remember what else they said)... later."

I had actually slowed down my licking so I could hear him talk but when he hung up he reminded me... "What's going on there boy, keep that tongue a rollin."

I dug my face back in Vinny's butt and started licking his asshole again. He still had his legs spread and still had his hands on the bed. I was also able to reach under and alternate playing with his balls and stroking his cock with my palms facing upward. I then stuck my tongue inside his hole and started fucking him with it. This is my signature move when it comes to rim jobs. He was groaning now. In order to get through such a muscular ass, I really had to spread his cheek with one hand very forceful. I ate his ass out for about twenty minutes. He had my saliva running down his balls and his inner thigh.

He pulled off my tongue and turned around. His huge cock was sticking out and lightly smacked me in the cheek which I loved. That is when I gasped again because every time you see Vinny's cock, it is sight to see. It is simply massive. At that moment, I was thinking there was absolutely no way it would fit in me and I didn't even want to try. 

It seemed even fatter than before. I swear I could barely fit the head in my mouth. I took both hands and stroked up and down but not in the traditionally sense. I connected my fingers and thumbs from both hands together to make a giant "hand" so I could wrap completely around this beast when I jerked like I did the first time I hooked up with Vinny. I would stop jerking long enough to twist my hands in a circle around the shaft to give Vinny a different feel. 

Vinny was very grateful as he spoke, "Massage that mother fucker. Oh fuck! You stay right on it and keep doin what your doin. I'm fixin to nut if you keep that up."

I kept it up for a few more minutes when Vinny pulled me off his rod. He said it was time and for me to get myself ready. I felt afraid like a child about to receive a shot. 

"Nobody has ever taken this dick in the ass. Ever. We are about to see if you can," Vinny repeated from an earlier statement. 

I took off all my clothes then took the Vaseline and scooped out a huge glob and smeared it up and down the shaft. I slicked up Vinny's monster tool and left an extra amount on his cock head. I then reached around and stuffed my greased fingers in my ass. I also made sure I smeared it around my hole very liberally. I wasn't going to take any chances. I honestly believed it wouldn't fit. Vinny had said that no person had ever taken him in the ass and here I was going to try. 

I told him to sit down on the floor so that I could sit on it and control the entrance. Even with the extra lube, I had trouble sitting on it. It would start to go in and I would pull off because it honestly felt like it was tearing me. I did this another time or two but I was starting to doubt that this would even take place. I took a chance and sat all the way down on it and I felt like somebody shoved a bowling ball up my ass and immediately got off. 

Vinny let me recover from the pain, then ordered me, "Were gonna do this. Now stand over there in front of the bed, bend over and put your hands flat down on it like I did when you ate my ass."

As I prepared for a "baseball bat," Vinny stood behind me and placed his cock head on my asshole. He used his hand and started moving his dick up and down on my ass crack. He wanted to work it around. It felt extremely warm. I was extremely nervous. It was the moment of truth. He grabbed my hips and started to enter me.

I started to pull off again when Vinny held my hips tighter and said, Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Don't run from it! Don't run! You gotta stay with it."

His humongous head finally popped in and I thought I was being split in half even though I was feeling pretty good from the pain pill. I immediately pulled off, turned to him and said, "I just don't know if I can do it."

"Relax boy. We'll go slow. I know you can do it. You just gotta believe in yourself. We'll get it in there, don't worry," replied Vinny. 

He lined it up for the second attempt and once again when his head popped in me, I felt like I was being ripped open but it didn't hurt quite as bad. I didn't pull off, but stayed still, until I got used to his size. 

I told Vinny, "You just stay still. Let me control it going in."

I started backing up a little at a time. I could feel it sliding in and stretching me at the same time. I was wincing while I moved and when I felt I got about half of this fat dick up my ass, I had to pull off once again. 

Vinny said, "Almost there." He bent over and spread my ass cheeks apart and continued, "You're stretchin out good. I think the next one will do it."

I guided his cock in me a third time and the head entered my hole without much pain at all.

"Alright come on back," Vinny said, like he was directing traffic.

I started moving back slowly. Inch by inch was disappearing in my butt. It still hurt but I eventually bumped into his pelvis which meant there was no more. I finally had done it! My ass was touching his pubic hair and balls. He was completely in and I was able to keep him there! Vinny grabbed my hips again and started very slowly started pulling about half out and then back in so that I could get used to taking it. I felt like he was fucking me with a fist but I knew it was feeling real good to him. Because he had his boots still on, he had great traction on the floor. This meant he could fuck my asshole without sliding away from me. 

Just knowing that someone had finally fit Vinny's huge cock in their ass, made me feel proud even though I had sweat on my forehead from the pain. I had never felt so full, even with Bob and Dante's huge dicks. Vinny's thickness took that inflated feeling to another level. Vinny started to thrust his hips back and forth until he was nearly coming out of me each time. He was finally enjoying fucking something while using all of his dick. He started picking up the pace and I could feel the thickness rubbing up against my prostate and air slightly bloating my stomach. Vinny continued pounding my ass for another 15 minutes with me standing, bent over, and my hands on the bed. He pulled out and turned me around. He laid me down on my back with my ass sticking over the edge of the bed. He guided his huge prick back in my butt and started fucking once again like a dog in heat. 

My legs were up in the air and this bulging, muscular athlete was furiously fucking me. I could see the veins in his neck protruding and a now sweaty, smooth, muscular chest was heaving with each thrust. Vinny would grunt each time he hit bottom and I will have to admit it hurt but hurt so good. I could also feel his balls slapping my ass with every thrust. My own dick was rock hard and sticking to my abs. 

"Yea boy take it!" Vinny yelled. "Take that black dick! Damn, you're fuckin tight! I could fuck that ass for days!

Vinny was still pumping and sweating from his forehead. He then lifted me off the bed to where I was in a sitting position on his cock while he remained standing. This was a strong man to be able to hold and fuck me while standing just like you do to women. Vinny held me up by holding my ass cheeks with his hand. He was still standing and bouncing me on his dick as fast as he could. I quickly wrapped my legs around his waist. This created a different feel for me and it was so hot, I started cumming all over my chest and stomach without so much as a touch on my cock. 

Vinny was now grunting, "That's it boy. Shoot that load all over yourself! Oh fuck! That is one tight ass! I am gonna fuckin nut too. Oh yea!"

He was actually using my body and my asshole to jerk himself off. 

"Where do you want the gravy?" Vinny asked loudly.

I put my hands on his face cheeks and spoke very calmly to him, "You can put it anywhere you want. Do you want to shoot it in my asshole or do you want to shoot it in my face or mouth? You know I'll swallow it. You'd like that wouldn't ya?"

As I spoke very calmly to him, I kept my legs wrapped around and waist and started to softly kiss on his neck. The kisses were real light and sensuous. By now, he was bouncing me on his cock like car piston. Vinny walked over and laid me down on the bed, grabbed me by my ankles, lifted my legs straight up in the air and was jack hammering my ass. I knew he wouldn't last long. 

Vinny's teeth were clenched and he had an angry expression on his sweaty face. He growled, "Fuck! As he pulled his dick out of me and squeezed it off trying to hold off blowing his wad, "Get down her and open your fuckin mouth! Hurry, God damn it!"

In a flash like a porn start, I jumped off the bed and got down on my knees on the floor. I opened wide to accept Vinny's load. He growled very loudly through his clenched teeth and grabbed the back of my head with one hand to position it. While furiously beating his huge meat, he put the head just inside my mouth. His flailing hand was bumping my chin with each stroke. 

Vinny screamed and angrily shot his load into my mouth. He kept jerking himself into my mouth with pleasurable rage. Even though I couldn't see it, I could feel his warm cum spurt onto my tongue and with my head tilted back, I could also feel it start to run down the back of my tongue and collect in the back of my throat. His warm cum also started to accumulate in my mouth. His dick was so fat, I could not attempt to swallow it with his head still in my mouth, so some of it ran down the corners of my mouth. I could see Vinny's veiny forearms as he was jacking off. 

"Take all that shit! You wanted the gravy, you got it! Matter of fact, you got a double dose of the bull gravy" grunted Vinny while slowing down his jerking as he began to calm down from his orgasm insanity. 

Now here is where it gets wild and hard to believe. Vinny only lost a little of his hard on. It was still sticking up and resting between his huge pecks. After about a minute, Vinny looked at me and asked, "You ready for round two?" I hadn't even swallowed all his sperm yet so with my mouth closed I just nodded.

He also added, "Dude, I never get to fuck like this. Nobody can take all my dick like you just did. I'm ready to go again."

He took the Vaseline and scooped a large mess on this huge cock once again and stroked it until all the lube was dispersed evenly. He laid back on the bed, took his hand and pointed his now shinny cock upward toward the ceiling and directed me, "Get up here and ride this mother fucker!" 

I stood on the bed while straddling Vinny. I lowered myself until his head touched my hole. I sat down and it went in without much trouble or pain. I would have never believed anyone could have gotten used to that thing but I had. I placed my hands on Vinny's chest to balance myself and then rode up and down on his humongous black pole. It felt so good to Vinny that he leaned his head back and closed his eyes.

"Ride that shit!" He commanded. "Yea, just like that. Don't stop! 

I rode him for a good 5 minutes when he asked me to turn around. I then placed my hands on his knees and rode him another good 5 minutes in the reverse cowboy position. My legs got tired about half way through, so I put my hands on his knees, got down on my knees and just rocked back and forth on Vinny's black cock. I also got hard once again. 

Vinny flipped me over on my back again with my ass hanging over the side of the bed while he held on to my calves. He was furiously pumping that fat hog in me once again. I was first surprised that Vinny still had the cock stamina after already releasing his first load and then surprised when he said he was about to cum again so quick. His balls were slapping my ass once again and then suddenly he slowed his pace. 

Vinny tensed up and howled as his second orgasm ripped through his body and exploded out of his cock. He was in quivering as he unloaded all his cum in my bowels. I could easily feel the twitches of his cock with each spurt but with my ass being so numb that I never really felt the cum shooting out but I did feel it running out of me all evening. When Vinny had finished, he leaned against my legs until he recovered. My stomach felt bloated and tight because of all the air build up. When he pulled his fat cock out of me, the suction caused a string of cum to shoot out between his legs onto the carpet like someone had squirted a water bottle. 
