 It had taken me a couple of days to fully recover from Vinny's huge dick. It took that long for my asshole to eventually contract back to its original size. I still couldn't believe that I had fit and taken Vinny's thick black cock in my ass. I had wondered when our next encounter might be coming. 

That next Friday night, my roommate Bob's gorgeous girlfriend Brenda and I were chatting. I was also letting Bob fuck me on a regular basis to pay my rent at our apartment but that is a whole different story. Anyway, Brenda knew about me fucking my two black athletes Vinny and Dante and she wanted to talk about that.

"So are these guys hung," Brenda asked.

I just smiled and looked up at her and answered, "Well Dante is 6'10 and Vinny is 6'3 and 260 pounds of solid muscle. What do you think?

"That's what I thought," Brenda answered excitedly. "So how big are they?" She added. 

I was as excited to answer her, "Vinny let me measure him last time and he was 12 1/8 inches not to mention his is the fattest you will ever see. I still can't believe it. You would think since Dante is much taller, that he would be bigger but he is probably about an inch shorter and not near as thick but still is pretty huge overall." I continued, "What do you care, Bob is pretty big himself. That nine inch dick with that mushroom head is nothing to sneeze at."

"Yea I know and it sure satisfies me but I have never had a black guy and it kind of is a fantasy of mine. Have you Did you let both of them fuck you? Have you had a threesome with them?" Brenda quizzed me. 

I went on to tell Brenda that both men had fucked my ass and that I had not had a threesome with them but was hoping for the chance. We talked into the evening about pleasing guys and so forth. Ironically, it was the next weekend that my hope to have Vinny and Dante at the same time came true. Not only did we have an amazing threesome, there was a plus one. 

The next day, Dante called me and told me that he wanted me to come over to his friend's apartment next Saturday around 11 pm. He told me that his friend's name was Marcus and right away I knew him from the football team with Vinny. Marcus was allowed to have an apartment because he was a senior and didn't have to stay in the athletic dorms like the freshmen and sophomores. I agreed to come over on Saturday and he gave me the address. 

That next Saturday, I kept my usual routine with eating very little and taking my enema about an hour before I showered. I do remember that I got lost on the way over and I had to stop at a gas station to get directions (In the early 2000's, GPSs were not as prevalent). When I rang the doorbell on Saturday a slender light skinned black man whom I had never seen without wearing a football helmet answered the door. He introduced himself as Marcus and told me he played defensive back on the football team with Vinny. Marcus was about 5'11 and weighed about 185 pounds. He was extremely cut with very little body fat which was evident because he had on a red, Michael Jordan, bull's jersey, with jeans, and high top Air Jordan's that were laced up but left untied. Marcus was wearing a big gold chain around his neck with his number just like Vinny wears. 

Marcus told me that Vinny and Dante went out for more beer but to come on inside. We had some small talk and I eventually went to the bathroom. When I returned, Marcus was sitting on the end of his couch. He had taken off his jeans but had still had on his jersey, black silk boxer underwear and thick black socks scrunched up around his ankles. He asked me to come and sit by him. 

"I'm horrnier than a mother fucker," mumbled Marcus. "I figured you can give me some head before the boys get back. From what I hear, you're damn good at it."

Willing, I sat down on the couch next to him and he put his hand on my head and guided it down into his lap. He mashed my face into his boxers and I still remember they smelled like fresh Tide. My face was pressed up against his growing dong inside his underwear. I could tell he had a nice size cock as I kissed and sniffed his crotch while Marcus held me tight against it. This went on for about five minutes when I got up and moved to the floor, on my knees, between his legs.

I unbuttoned the two buttons on his boxers and put my hand inside and fished out his cock. Marcus's dick was almost hard and looked to be about eight or nine inches long. I also pulled his balls out of the fly in his underwear. I stroked his cock a few times and wrapped my lips around it. I could feel it get completely hard in my mouth as I started to slow suck him. 

"My boys weren't playin, you do have mad skills," groaned Marcus. 

I made sure to keep my teeth tucked in so not to scrape Marcus as I bobbed up and down on his cock. I kept my lips real smooth and tight so he could enjoy the warmth of my mouth. He had a pretty hefty cock but I really felt I could deepthroat it. So I started to slide my mouth down on it until it reached my gag reflex and push it past. The first attempt, I gagged and had to pull up. I wretched the second time as well. 

Marcus encouraged, "Damn, swallow that mother fucker. Take that shit all the way down."

The third time, I relaxed my throat even more and it slipped past as I proceeded to take Marcus's dick all the way down to his boxers. I held it there for a little while and then started bobbing all the way up and all the way down. Marcus was really enjoying himself as he kept his hands on the couch while he moaned with pleasure. I was in control as I was deepthroating this beautiful black cock. I never used my hands on Marcus's dick while I blew him because I wanted him to feel the total snug pleasure of my mouth and throat. I can tell when a man is about cum because his dick starts to throb and I can feel the cum working its way up the shaft with small twitches. 

"Do you swallow?" asked Marcus, frantically just like Vinny had done the last time. 

"Um hum," I hummed with my mouth full of Marcus's manhood. 

This gave Marcus the green light to blow his wad in my mouth and now it was time. The pressure had built up and....

There were keys jingling the door knob. Someone was coming in the house which startled me and I was about to jump up when Marcus yelled out while he started to shoot his load. He grabbed the back of my head and was grunting in pleasure, "No, No, No! Stay on it! Stay on it! Auuugghhh!

Marcus's legs locked straight out with his heels on the floor. 

"Oh, my god! What the fuck?" said a female voice as I was catching Marcus's load. 

Marcus was shooting his sperm in my mouth with full force. I could feel every squirt in the back of my throat and on my tongue. When I heard the voice, it startled me once again and I instinctively tried to lift up but with his hand on the back of my head I had no choice but to keep my mouth on his shooting prick until he was finished and there was no way I was going anywhere. I was embarrassed because I knew some people walked in but I couldn't tell who could see me sucking Marcus off. 

It must have been a while for Marcus because he shot an extremely large load in my mouth. I would guess he shot seven or eight big spurts and a couple of small ones. I pulled off Marcus's deflating cock with my mouth full and looked up. I saw Vinny, Dante, and a hot Hispanic girl who must have been Cherise, Vinny's girlfriend. I remember being surprised because I just figured Cherise was black. 

I held up one finger as to say, "Hang on a second" and swallowed Marcus's spunk. It was sour and I shook my head while wincing like I had just put a sour jaw breaker in my mouth. 

"No wonder you like him coming over,' said Cherise to Vinny. 

She then walked over to Marcus and slapped him a high five. Marcus's dick was now flaccid and lying on his boxers. It was wet and shiny from my spit. When I deepthroat cock, I slobber a lot because I no longer have the ability to swallow, so it just runs down the shaft as I suck. 

"Whew! That was some damn good shit! You wasn't playin, Dante. The man knows how to suck a dick," exhaled Marcus as he was recovering. 

Claudia leaned down to me as I was still on my knees, reached out with her finger, scooped up a glob off my face and said in her slight Spanish accent, "Sweetie, there is still some on your chin. Open up."

I opened my mouth and she stuck her finger that had the glob of sperm on it and put it in. I closed my mouth around her finger like a Popsicle and sucked it off. 

Cherise was gorgeous with her black hair, big brown eyes, curvy figure, and a big bubble butt. She wore a lot of makeup with giant hoop earrings (which I always notice because I love that). She was wearing skin tight, white, Capri pants with open toed black strappy high heels. She had a tight yellow top on that showed her double D breasts. Cherise also had on red lipstick, red fingernail polish with matching red toenail polish. 

Dante suggested we go into the bedroom for some more partying. We all walked in and there was a queen sized waterbed with maroon silk sheets. There was a giant mirror on the wall behind the headboard and another giant mirror on the ceiling above the bed. I found that very strange and even commented about it but I still got up on the bed as it jiggled around and lied on my back. The silk sheets felt very soft and they were very warm which meant the heat was turned up on the waterbed. The room smelled like condoms even though it was probably the warm rubber of the waterbed making it smell that way. 

Dante told Cherise and I to take off our clothes while both of them did the same. As she and I stripped down and threw our clothes on the floor, I couldn't take my eyes of Cherise's voluptuous body and the guys' cocks. I had forgotten how huge they were until I had seen them in person once again. Both guys were stroking their cocks to life. Dante stroked his entire cock up and down to get himself hard while Vinny just stroked right under his cock head. 

Marcus sat in the chair located in the middle of the room playing with his freshly sucked off cock. He was going to need some recovery time. Dante and Vinny sat beside each other on the side of the bed. 

Vinny ordered Cherise and I, "You two bitches get down here and get started."

The bed sat too high for us to get on our knees so we just stood and stooped down between the guys' legs with both of them sitting on the edge. I took Dante's monster pole as Cherise took on her man Vinny. We were playing, kissing, and sucking the respective prick we had while the men were talking, laughing, and slapping high fives with each other. I slid Dante's thick, spongy, foreskin down even further so I could lick that mushroom head of his. He once again was leaking precum all around his piss hole. As I sucked and licked this black tool, I would try to actually stick my tongue in that hole to scoop as much sweet precum out as I could get. Cherise and I sucked these cocks for about five to ten minutes. 

Eventually like they had planned, both guys simultaneously laid back, brought their knees to their chest and held their knees with their arms. Cherise and I knew what that meant. I knew from experience that Dante loved having his asshole licked because the other two times I pleasure him I had eaten his ass at least several minutes each time. I really believe my rimming skills keep Dante wanting more just as much as my cock sucking skills. I stuck my tongue in Dante's ass and licked from the bottom of his crack up to the balls and back down. I would dig my nose into his balls and sniff as I rimmed him. I also would kiss his ass cheeks and taint in-between licks. I believe if you are going to lick a guy or girl's ass, you need to totally love on it. I could hear Cherise doing similar things to Vinny. 

Dante said, "I think it's time for you girls to switch."

We did switch and I then performed the same pleasurable oral services on Vinny's ass as I had Dante's. Eventually with all my licking, Vinny's butthole was full of my saliva. He turned over and got on his knees and I continued licking his ass. I did catch a glimpse of his dick and it was rock hard. 

"That feels damn good. Stay in there. Keep on eatin that ass bitch. See if you can get in there further," Vinny directed me. 

I knew what he was hinting. The other time I ate his ass out, I jammed my tongue into his ass and I knew he loved that. I mashed my face into his muscular, black, ass crack so I could get my tongue as far into his hole as possible. 

"Fuck yea! That's it. Get all the way in! Eat that fuckin black ass! Tongue fuck my asshole bitch!" ordered Vinny as he reached around and grabbed my head to force it in further. 

I was tongue fucking his asshole as fast as I could go and then it all stopped because of Dante's grip. I almost suffocated until I finally pulled his hand off and gasped for air. He apologized for getting carried away. Both men had a total erection. It honestly reminded me of two horses with their huge dongs ready to mount. Just then, Cherise's phone rang and she answered it which halted all the sexual rhythm. After a few minutes, she hung up and said she had to leave. Vinny asked her what was wrong and to stay but she grabbed her clothes, got dressed and left. 

"Well dude, you are going to have to take care of these," said Vinny pointing at his huge black erection. 

Dante had a bottle of baby oil in his hand. He then yanked all the covers and sheets off the bed and threw them on the floor which exposed the blue rubber of the waterbed. He told me to get up on the rubber bed. I was on my knees and Dante squirted the baby oil all over my back and ass. He squirted it all over his giant cock and the bed. The bed became so slick that it was difficult to even stay on my knees. Vinny did not smear the oil on himself but he did get in front of me on his knees offering his huge dick to my mouth. 

I rolled to my back as the bed jiggled and bounced and now I was drenched in baby oil. Vinny sat his huge dick on my face and I reached up and started messaging the top with my palm as I kissed and licked the bottom of the shaft. I was starting to get a little oil in my mouth but I didn't care. I wanted these huge black dicks to treat me like the slut that I had become. 

Dante lifted both of my legs with one hand like you would change a diaper all the while sticking his huge greased up fingers in my asshole and sliding them in and out. I was not used to entry so it slightly hurt but that meant Dante was ready to go and climbed on top of me and positioned himself to fuck me missionary style. Vinny rested his saggy nuts on my face, grabbed my ankles and held my legs back. Dante put his oiled up cock up against my asshole area but kept fumbling around trying to find his mark. I was able to reach around and put his cock right where it needed to go and he pushed until it slipped inside me. It hurt at first but I was surprised I didn't have to make him take it out. I believe it was because of all the oil made him extra lubricated. Dante kept just a few inches in my ass and didn't move so that it could stretch and get used to it. 

"How does that shit feel?" Vinny asked Dante.

"This bitch it tight," replied Dante. "It won't fuckin take me long."

Vinny got off my face and stood beside the bed and by then Marcus was up standing and stoking himself on the other side. Each man took one of my legs and held it back. They pulled my legs almost over my own shoulders which made my ass rise much higher in the air. Dante actually scooted up where he was positioned all the way on top of me. The guys let go of my legs and they fell down to the bed with Dante still inside me. He was so much taller than me that my face was even with his chest. I could tell Dante had finally worked all 11 inches in me because I could feel his balls resting on my ass. Dante started fucking my ass but was really struggling with the water bed being so slick and bouncy. As he pumped me, I could see Dante's ass contracting with each stroke through the mirror located on the ceiling. He was watching himself fuck through the mirror on the wall. 

Because of Dante's poor traction on the greased up bed, he put his hands over top my thighs and slid them, palms up under my ass cheeks. He was heavy because he now had all his weight on top of me with my nose resting in his chest hairs. He now was using the bed to bounce me up and down causing his dick to slide in and out as he held on tight to my ass. He was moving at a fast pace and not only could I feel his chest heave with every thrust, I could feel his warm breath in my hair. 

Sensing Dante was getting close to cumming, Marcus said, "Cum in that ass! Fill it up!"

Dante was getting close and he raised his head up so that he wasn't completely laying of top of me and ordered, "Suck my nipples! Suck em!"

That surprised me but if that is what he needed to get over the edge, I didn't mind doing it. Because of our height difference, I didn't have to lean down much. I puckered my lips and starting sucking his nipple like you would a woman's breast. Dante was shaking in pre-ejaculation ecstasy and I switched to his other nipple and sucked a little stronger. This is all it took to send Dante over the edge....

"Fuck! Oh, I'm cummin! Dante said as he face was contorting and his body was completely locked up. He also was buried so far inside me that not only was it slightly painful, his balls were mashed in my ass crack. 

The guys were cheering him on as he kept unloading his seed deep inside my bowels. His dick twitched with each spurt and eventually it trailed off and then Dante rested his entire sweaty body on top of me. He rested for about 30 seconds before he started to get up. He put his hands on the slick bed and pulled that horse cock out of me real slow. Some cum slipped out of my ass and a long, white, slimy, string hung down from his oil glistening cock head. He slid backwards and as he got off the bed, his spent cock and the bed really bounced and jiggled. 

"Who's up? I got it warm up for you guys," Dante asked in-between breaths. 

Vinny chimed in a joking tone, "You mean sloppy seconds." He added, "Not sure if Cherise is coming back so I'll go."

Vinny was still standing on the side of the bed when he addressed me, "Scoot on over here on the side. Put one foot on the ground and put a knee up on the bed."

I turned over on my stomach and followed Vinny's instructions by sliding down off the bed until one foot came into contact with the ground and I kept the other foot up onto the frame. I finally maintained my grip when Vinny began to insert his twelve inch, thick, black monster. He was hard as glass and oiled up. He put that dick head against my anus and started working it in. My ass was stretched out from taking Dante's pounding but I would still have to get used to Vinny's exceptional size. Because of the stretching, the oil, and Dante's cum, Vinny's thick black hog went in on the first try but was still painful. Even though that huge dick was painful, it didn't hurt near as much as last time but I still needed him to feed it to me slowly. I looked through the mirror on the wall to my right to see Vinny's long thick dick slowly disappearing inside me. 

"Damn! Look at that ass take it. Stretch mother fucker, stretch!" Vinny said to the guys as he pushed himself all the way in. 

With one leg still hiked up on the bed, Vinny had reached his destination which felt like he was literally inside my stomach, he then began to fuck me. Even though the pounding built up pressure, it was still exciting to feel it sliding in and out. I knew last time his huge dick made me cum without a single stroke on my cock. I also kept watching through the mirror and became fascinated about two things. By actually seeing him stand behind me allowed me to appreciate how much bigger and muscular he was than me. The second thing that was very fascinating was watching such a long cock come out of my ass then disappear completely back in. I would have never believed something a foot long would fit all the way in my ass. Vinny fucked slowly because of all his experiences with women. He knows he has the ability to hurt someone with that large cock if he is not careful. 
