 As the school year went by and it got closer to spring, I was going over to Dante and Vinny's dorm on a regular basis to either give one or both of them some type of sex. You wouldn't believe how much I drained those two huge black cocks. It almost got to be routine. Since I love big black dick, I just kind of worked it in my schedule without resistance. I think there was only one time I was busy with something else and couldn't go over to their dorm. To this day I still think about those dicks.

My next big experience was during that same year and it happened the weekend before spring break. Dante had invited me to a party which turned out to be about 20 miles from campus. I had gotten to feel pretty comfortable being around those guys and some of their friends but I remember feeling uncomfortable about this party. Back then I was young and dumb so I decided to go anyway. When I arrived at the house, there wasn't as many people that I had thought would be there and I remember the house was very smoky. I almost turned around and left when I got to the door but when Dante met me on the porch, I felt a little better.

Dante greeted me, "Hey, glad to see you made it to the party."

We went in the house and there was music, people drinking, smoking, playing cards, and standing around talking. Dante introduced me to some of them. There was Ed Thomas who was in the kitchen pouring himself a drink. Everyone called him Big Ed and he got that nickname because he was huge. Big Ed was about 6'8 and weighed over 400 pounds. He was an offensive lineman at our college but had been out of school for a few years. 

A few of the other people at the party that I can still remember their names were Doug, C-Dog, Stump, and Jake. Janice, Wendy, and Latisha were among the girls' names that I still remember. I felt a little uncomfortable because I was the only white person at that party and didn't know anyone except Dante. As the party progressed and most were either stoned or drunk, I was sitting on the couch talking to Janice. She was an attractive, tall, thin, black girl with dangling diamond earrings and wore high heels which made her even taller. Janice wore a short mini skirt with a tight shirt which made her boobs look gigantic. 

Dante approached me and said with a smirk, "Big Ed needs to see you in the garage. He's got something he wants to give you."

I knew what he meant and after I asked someone directions, I went to the attached garage through the door in the back room. The garage smelled like gasoline, weed eater grass, and cigar smoke. There was Big Ed standing in the corner, smoking a cigar. I went to Big Ed and asked, "Did you want to see me?"

Big Ed lifted his head and blew a puff of smoke and answered, "Yea, my boy Dante tells me you suck a mean dick and I'm hornier than shit. I wanted to see if you'd come out here and suck on mine?"

"Well...um... ok," I answered hesitantly. I continued, "I don't think the door locks. Do you want me to do it in here?"

"Yea. Nobody gives a shit. They're in there havin fun," replied Big Ed. 

He was an absolute huge man and probably in his late twenties. I pulled an old mat off the shelf and put it down in front of him. I slowly sank to my knees before him until I was completely kneeling on the mat, face slightly below his crotch. He had already removed his shoes and pulled off his jacket. I unhooked the belt buckle, unbuttoned his slacks and pulled his zipper down. I slid my fingers inside the top of the waist band and began working his pants down his hips until they were loose enough to drop to the floor. As I did this, he continued to smoke his cigar. I enjoyed having him standing over me naked except his shirt and a pair of red cotton boxers. Big Ed was not only huge by nature but he had a bear-man build with huge oak tree-like legs covered in hair. He had a large belly, while his upper body and forearms were also covered with dark hair and several tattoos. I leveled my eyes and face to his crotch and saw that his boxers were filled with a huge, well-defined bulge just asking for me to take over. 

The whole time I did this, he was looking down at me with his eyes fixed on what I was doing to him and blowing cigar smoke out of the side of his mouth. I moved my face slowly into his bulge on the outside of his underwear and mashed my face into the outline of his stiffening cock that was trapped inside the material. I was trying to use my mouth to search for the outline of his head when after a couple of moments, he said in third person, "You need to get down to business. Big Ed needs to nut!"

I grabbed the pant legs of his underwear and pulled them down to his ankles allowing Big Ed's huge, half-erect, uncircumcised, black cock to flop out. His foreskin was still overtop the head and his balls were tight and very hairy. The lights were dim but I could see that huge vein protruding all the way down the top of the shaft. I took it and lifted it up so I could nibble the area where the shaft meets the balls. I stroked this sleeping black giant to get it ready for my mouth. While I was kneeling on the mat and working on that cock, I was getting uncomfortable. I got up to look for something to sit on. 

"Hold on a second. I need to find something to sit on so I can do it real good for you," I told Big Ed. 

I saw a couple of milk crates by the wall next to the garage door. While I was dumping the things out of the crates, Big Ed stepped out of his bunched up jeans and underwear and put them up on the shelf. While he was adjusting himself, I stacked those milk crates right in front of him which made me the perfect height for that huge cock of his. He braced himself by putting his hand on the work bench. 

I lifted his hefty dong and wrapped my lips around it. My mouth felt like it was full of sponge cake. I was jerking it with my fingers on top and my thumb underneath the shaft. I was stroking quickly to get it hard and ready. I couldn't believe how it grew in my mouth and eventually would hardly fit. Big Ed's cock was almost as big as Vinny's. I do remember when I was sucking it, a couple of times I thought it was Vinny. 

"Fuck, that feels damn good," moaned Big Ed. 

I kept sucking and jacking that huge dick. I pulled my mouth off and I could taste the saltiness of his precum when I asked, "Where do you want to cum? When you are about ready to go, if you want to cum in my mouth, just put your hand on my head and if you want to shoot it on my face, just tap my head. Ok?"

Big Ed put his huge hand on the back of my head and guided it back down on his erection when he answered, "No problem."

I got back to sucking Big Ed and he was breathing loud with pleasure as he watched me suck his monster dick. I used my other hand to cup his hairy nuts and his sack felt so hot, so moist with sweat against my palm. As I softly jostled his balls, I remember thinking that they were holding the billions of sperm that I would soon be swallowing and it turned me on tremendously. 

I knew Big Ed really needed this blowjob and I didn't want to disappoint. His knees where shaking and I could feel his estimated 11 or 12 inch cock start to throb. My mouth was really slick from pre-cum that his piss hole was discharging. His cock head had a large mushroom shape with a very high ridge and I really enjoyed running my tongue slowly around the rim of it. He stared down at my tongue tracing the ridge of his swollen head. My tongue kept busy all the while I was beating that huge cock and sliding that loose foreskin up and down. He was letting out long moans and drawing deep breaths as he saw his dick head sliding in and out of my mouth. I was jerking and slurping on this man's huge cock with slobber dripping and pooling on the floor in front of me. 

As he was getting close to giving me his thick wad, he put the cigar back in his mouth, took my head with both his hands and guided me down the shaft to the furthest depth I could manage. I moved my tongue slowly back and forth under his cock as he thrust in and out of my mouth. His cock was so fucking hard! I maybe took five or so inches and I wished I could have deepthroated it but his cock was just too thick. He was breathing fast and shallow which combined with his lips tightly around that cigar, sounded like grunting. I continued to jerk his dick as he did this and was preparing for his seed. 

Just then the door opened up and I could hear Dante's voice ask, "Ed! You in here?"

"Yea!" Ed shouted out in a mumbled tone because of the cigar. 

"What's goin down?" Dante asked.

Big Ed answered, "Your boy is right now. I'll be done in a minute, then you can have him."

"Nah. I got to bolt. You guys have a fun. Later," were Dante's last words.

To be honest, I was a little nervous to be at this house not knowing anybody, but I knew I couldn't leave Ed in this condition. He was at that point when a guy really needs to blow his load and I was there to help him do just that. His cock was rock hard still and I could feel the head in the back of my mouth like rubber ball. I could feel the controlled power of his massive body through his throbbing cock. He held my head again and slowly pulled his cock out of my mouth and slid it back in as if to jump start and continue his blowjob. Dante was long gone and I was back servicing Big Ed's manhood. 

I don't remember how long I was sucking and whacking him. It seemed like about 5 minutes or so but I do remember my mouth getting really tired trying to stay locked on to thick dick. I was sucking him just as he wanted and I slowly started building up the intensity until I could hear and feel him getting back to the boiling point. He was beginning to squirm and his legs were quivering.

I took my mouth off his swollen cock to encourage him as I was now jerking his hefty cock with both hands, "Come on, you can do it. Feed me your cum. Shoot it! Shoo..."

Big Ed bellowed out and without warning, his first squirt rifled out of his hole and smacked me just below my right eye onto my cheek. That cum shot surprised me enough to cause me to close my eyes and instinctively jerk my head back. I never stopped beating that huge black pole with both hands and in a flash, I quickly regained my composure, leaned in and wrapped my lips around his dick head to catch the rest of his ejaculation. It was ironic that I was jerking spurt after spurt of his warm sperm into my mouth with both of my hands because he was now holding on to my head with both of his hands. At that point I did not know where he had put his cigar. 

His cock twitched and throbbed in my mouth each time a strong shot of semen spurted from it. The first few shots were so powerful I could actually feel the long, hard streams of cum as they plopped into the back of my throat. He just kept grunting out and convulsing, emptying his balls in my mouth. My mouth was quickly so full of his thick, warm slime that I was scared it would run out the corners of my lips if I didn't keep them sealed tightly. I had to actually remove some of his cock from my mouth so only the head remained to allow enough room for this large amount of cum like the reservoir tip on a condom. Eventually the squirts and the twitches lessened as his orgasm was coming to an end. 

Big Ed let out a big sigh and a full body quiver as he was finally finished with this powerful orgasm. I continued to hold on to his dick with both hands so he would not pull out too fast. I kept my lips tight as I slowly slid my mouth off him being extremely careful not to allow his seed to escape down my chin. I could still feel the thick warm wad on my cheek and I could actually smell the manly scent of it. The consistency of the cum in my mouth was thick, clumpy, and sticky. I moved my tongue around to swish the cum so that it would be easier to swallow. This allows you to add saliva to it and the mixture helps you to swallow it easier without it sticking to the back of your throat while going down. That is an old trick I learned a long time ago. 

Big Ed was already getting his pants back on and he told me it was the best blowjob he ever had as he went back in the house. I sat there a few minutes using my fingers to clean the wad of cum off my cheek. I would scoop and lick, scoop and lick like I had just eaten a cream filled doughnut and was trying to clean off my fingers. I finished by using an old rag to dry off the wetness. I was ready to get the hell out of that place. It really was not my kind of party. 

As I went back into the house, I was trying to make it through the living room to get to the front door. I was stopped by a guy with sagging pants, a stocking rag around his head, and a goatee. He kind of scared the shit out of me. 

"Hey! What the fuck you doin here cracker?" He loudly asked. 

I jumped and stumbled around and replied, "Uh... I'm just leaving. Uh...I'm sorry I was here with Dante."

"Who?! Ain't no fuckin Dante here!" he snapped. He continued while pointing "I know what the fuck you want. Get your ass in that bedroom. Now!"

I was no longer excited but I was totally afraid. I didn't know if he was going to beat the hell out of me or even shoot me but I went into the bedroom hoping he would just hear me out. When we got in there, he locked the door behind him and I was holding both hands up as to say stop. He quickly started unbuckling his belt and taking off his pants.

"You're here for dick, so you're gonna get dick," he demanded (he kept using the word dick over and over). 

"That's alright. I will just get out of here and leave you guys alone," I answered. 

He was now pulling his underwear down as he responded to me while grabbing his hanging cock, "I don't think so. You come here looking for dick. You're obviously a fag looking for black dick. Well, I have a black dick right here for you and you ain't leaving till I give you this black dick."

"Sit your ass down right there," he ordered while jerking his long cock with one hand and pointing to an armed chair with the other. 

I sat down and he continued to stroke his dong. It was very long but pretty thin and had a small pink head on it. I would guess it to be about 8 ½ to 9 inches long. He continued to stroke it for a few minutes until it was completely erect and sticking up and in an upward arc. This guy who I later learned was named Lamar stepped up and put one foot on each arm of the chair. I leaned back as he guided his hard on to my mouth. He put the head in my mouth and placed both of his hands on the top of the chair. 

Lamar started thrusting his hips causing his cock to slide in and out of my mouth. I wasn't doing much of the work except trying to keep him from choking me. I wasn't sucking him, he was fucking my mouth. 

"You wanted dick, you got dick. Take that. I'll fuck that mouth of yours with this dick!" Bragged Lamar. 

I knew he wanted to stick his cock all the way down my throat so I actually slid up in the chair a little to create a better angle. I wrapped my arms around his hips and put my hands on his ass cheeks. I relaxed my throat and pulled his ass toward me causing his erection to go all the way in. I wretched and coughed before I gained my composure. Because his cock wasn't real thick, I was able to do it with not much of a problem after I got used to it. He continued to fuck my face as I was now deepthroating him. I was breathing out of my nose and it was difficult when it would mash into his pubic hair on every thrust and his swinging balls would slap my chin. 

"There you go. That's it. Suck on that dick. Take that dick all the way. You know you like that dick," teased Lamar. 

All you could hear from me is a gurgle sound trying to deepthroat this prick while being fucked. I was starting to wonder if he would continue fucking my mouth until he came. He then pulled his cock out of my mouth and jumped down off the chair. Lamar's erection was shiny from my spit and when he jumped down, it bounced so hard, a little moisture flew from the tip. 

"You got me horny now, and I'm gonna have to get me some of that ass," Lamar said confidently. He continued, "Take those fuckin pants off and get your ass up on the bed!"

He reached into his pocket of the pants crumpled on the floor and pulled out his wallet. He took out a condom from his wallet and tore it open. It was a ribbed Trojan and he unrolled it down his erection, then held the tip and pulled it up with one hand, and unrolled the last little bit of the rubber all the way down to his pubic hair. At that moment, I started to get worried because I did not see any lube. While he was putting on the rubber, I was now undressed and sitting on the bed with nothing on but my white socks bunched around my ankles. 

"Do you have any lube?" I asked.

"Fuck yea I do," he answered as he spit on his hand and rubbed it all over this condom covered erection. "Get on your hands and knees. You come here to get dick so you're gonna give me that ass and I'll give you all the dick you need," he added. 

I did as Lamar asked and got on all fours. Lamar got on the bed right behind me and scooted up until I could feel his hard cock between my butt cheeks. I turned my head to see him as he let another huge glob of spit exit from his puckered lips and then I felt it land at the top of my ass crack. He added that wetness to his already saliva covered cock. He put one hand in the middle of my back and used his other hand to guide his erection to my asshole. He fumbled around and when he finally reached his mark, he started pushing it in. 

"Hold still. It's gonna take a minute to fit this mother fucker in that ass," Lamar ordered. 

Without proper lube, it hurt when it finally popped in and Lamar didn't give me time to get used to it before he slid it all the way in. Had his cock been thick like Big Ed's, there would have been no way it would have slid in without being greased properly. I was wincing and grunting trying to get used to it when Lamar wasted no time and took hold of my hips and proceeded to start his thrusting in and out of my ass. 

"Damn that is some tight ass right there. That shit feels good!" Lamar announced as he fucked. 

He was pounding my hole as I continued to try to get acclimated. I was groaning every time he pushed it back in because he would give an extra thrust at the end like he was trying to drill a hole in a wall. He fucked my ass like this for a good ten minutes before he stood up behind me without letting his nine inch escape. Lamar then got completely on top of me which cause me to lay flat on the bed on my stomach. He spread his legs wider than mind so that he could get as deep as possible while his total weight was laying on top of me. He leaned forward with his chest pressed up against my back, Lamar took hold of the back of my hands and put his mouth up to my ear. 

"Take that dick you fuckin queer. You wanted that dick and now you're gettin dick," he whispered as I could smell alcohol on his breath. "God damn, I'm in there fuckin deep. I bet you love havin my dick this far up your ass, don't ya faggot?" He continued his taunt. 

I just kept moaning slightly in pleasure but mostly in discomfort. I wasn't going to stop this guy until he blew his load. He was literally holding me down on my stomach and fucking me for all he was worth. It wasn't long until Lamar felt his orgasm build. 

Lamar warned, "Oh shit. That ass of yours is so fuckin tight, I'm gonna nut. I'm gonna blow in that ass. Fuck yea..."

Lamar's wrapped his arms around my chest and his whole body locked up on top of me. He was roaring in a choking manner as he was shooting his cum into his rubber that was buried all the way up my rectum. I could feel his legs shaking on top of me and his balls jiggling on my balls. He was cumming like a man who was releasing all his built-up, pissed off energy through his penis. I couldn't tell how many times he shot but when Lamar finished cumming, he continued to lay on top of me for a few seconds and then started to get up and withdraw his now softening cock. 
