 It had been a little while before I hooked up with any of my black lovers again. The next big encounter was a couple weeks after that party where I blew Big Ed. It was about 1:30 in the morning when my phone rang. It was Vinny and he asked me if I would come to the football workout facility located at the stadium. All the football players had key fobs that allowed them access to the weight room 24 hours a day. 

By the time I took my enema, cleaned myself up, and grabbed my KY Jelly, a lot of time had went by and I was worried Vinny would no longer be there. I pulled up in the parking lot and saw that Vinny's truck was the only vehicle there. It was now about 2:30 am and, as instructed, I went to the side door and knocked. Vinny opened the door and he was wearing his high top tennis shoes and his shorts. He had his shirt off and was completely pumped up from lifting. I could tell he had been lifting heavy from the sweat beads all over his shaved head and even dripping off his nose. Vinny was breathing heavy from just having lifted a bench press set. 

It was very evident that Vinny had been drinking when I walked in and he said to me while tugging on his crotch, "Damn! It's about time. Where you been? I am hornier than shit! I need you on this dick, man."

There was another black guy with Vinny and I could tell he was young. I asked, "Who is this?"

"Oh, my bad," Vinny answered. "This is my little brother Trey. He just turned 18 yesterday and I wanted to invite him up here to show him how we party here at the 'University.' I also brought him out here so he could get his dick sucked."

Vinny then looked at Trey, pointed to me with his thumb, and said, "I'm tellin ya, this guy can suck your dick like nobody can. You are gonna fuckin love it!"

Now let me describe Trey. He was just 18 but was the opposite of Vinny. He had a several blemishes on his baby face. He was about 6'4 and big but not muscular. He had no muscle definition and looked soft. Trey wore round glasses and had a bigger belly. He was not attractive at all and would definitely fall under the category of nerd. When Trey was getting a drink, Vinny whispered to me that Trey was a virgin. He was homeschooled his whole life and never really developed any social skills. Vinny and Trey had different fathers and Vinny was trying to show him a good time on his birthday by bringing him to the college life. 

You could tell Vinny was buzzing because as soon I was in the weight room, he whipped his shorts down, kicked them off and revealed that huge, black, donkey dick that I hadn't seen in a while. Vinny had on his low socks, his high top tennis shoes, his necklace, and nothing else. When Vinny is completely hard, his cock is 12 1/8 inches long and is bigger around than any cock I have ever had. It is still very impressive when it is hanging soft and it's halfway to his knees. In his state, Vinny walked over to the squatting bar, grabbed this huge amount of weight and performed about 20 reps. As Vinny was lifting, he was gritting his teeth, all his muscles just exploded out, and his long cock just about touched the ground each time he went down. When Vinny finished the set, the bowed bar clanged down on the rack while the veins in his neck looked like they were about to pop. He flexed like the Hulk while letting out a primal scream. Vinny then walked over to me as I watched in amazement. 

He ordered me, "I believe it is now time. Get down and lick on these sweaty nuts."

He didn't have to tell me twice as I grabbed a blue rubber workout ball and sat down on it in front of Vinny while Trey just watched quietly off to the side. I stuck my nose under Vinny's low hanging balls and he was right, they were dripping with sweat. This manly odor was a turn on and I first stuck my tongue in between those balls and licked upward until it reached the base of his shaft. I did this several times which made me horny, I didn't even mind getting his sweat in my mouth. It was salty but didn't taste bad. I eventually put one complete ball in my mouth and sucked on it gently like you would a cough drop.

Vinny put his hand on top of my head and spread his legs further apart to give me better access. He encouraged, "That feels damn good. My nuts are so fuckin sweaty. Get that tongue further underneath and lick the shit out of those sweaty nuts!"

Vinny then put one foot up on the bench press bench to give me even better access. I was just trying to keep up and pay enough attention to each ball equally. I continued to switch back and forth sucking on Vinny's sweaty balls while at first his huge dong was draped over my nose and ran up over top my forehead until I felt it start to rise. 

"Fuck yea. You're makin my dick hard! Keep goin!" Instructed Vinny as he took hold of his now stiffening cock and started stroking it. 

I continued to suck on Vinny's sweaty balls for a little while longer but I had to get my mouth on that huge cock. When I came up for air, Vinny's black log was sticking straight out. It is always difficult to get my mouth wrapped around it and keep my teeth out of the way because of the girth. I sucked and licked around his head, including the deep cleft under the rim. I flicked my tongue inside that trench until Vinny was leaking a ton of precum. I then used the tip of my tongue to stick it directly into his piss slit to shovel out that delicious precum. Vinny's precum always has a sweet and salty taste that actually tastes very good. I would grab hold the base of his monster erection and squeeze very tight because not only would that cause an extra glob of precum to ooze out, it would make his cock head puff out and get as hard and big as a green apple. 

After licking that head and drinking that precum for a while, I shifted my attention to his shaft. Vinny always likes when I take my tongue and start and the end of his dick and lick all the way to the other end. His cock was also sweaty but I didn't mind. Because Vinny's testosterone and adrenaline levels were up from lifting weights, his dick was charged and sensitive. He would shake every time my tongue would touch a sensitive area. It was now a perfect time to start sucking that fat black dick of his. I put as much as I could fit in my mouth and slid it in and out. When I suck on Vinny's monster cock, I like to jerk it with both hands or jerk it with one hand all the way up and down while I tap his balls with the other. He loves to cum with his balls being lightly smacked. 

Vinny was moaning out his words, "Fuck an A. That shit feels damn good. Suck that dick like you've missed it."

He was right. I had missed that beautiful enormous black cock. It is so impressive that it is even difficult for my words to describe it. The problem is that when I suck it, my jaws get so tired very quickly but I always fight through that to get a chance to eat his cum. Vinny was really enjoying me sucking and jerking on his cock when he lightly pushed me off of it. 

"You're gonna make me cum too quick. I know how much ya like it so I'm gonna build this nut up for ya," Vinny warned as he starting walking over for a set of squats. He pointed to Trey, then me and said, "Step in there little brother. Go on and get your dick sucked while I throw this set up."

I was wiping the excess saliva off the corners of my mouth and moving my chin back and forth to get the feeling back when I looked up at Trey. He was very shy and a little nervous but I could tell he had an impressive hard on inside his athletic shorts. 

I directed Trey as Vinny started his next set, "Just relax and stand right here. I will make it feel real good for you."

If Trey really was a virgin and judging by his looks and personality, he probably was, I knew making him cum would be very easy. He walked over and stood in the same place where Vinny had been standing. I took the bottom of his athletic shorts and gave them a tug. They wouldn't come down because the elastic band was actually caught on Trey's erection. I had to pull out the elastic band to get it over his hard cock and when I finally succeeded, Trey's big dong sprang out in front of me. 

I would estimate it about 8 inches long and pretty fat like Vinny's. Trey's dick had a short wide head on it that looked like a muffin top baked over top the paper. The head was also dark black just like his shaft which was different than Vinny's pink head. It was real smooth with not many veins showing. Young Trey's cock was not in Vinny's league but was still impressive because of that thickness and what really stood out was the size of his balls. They were very meaty but tight looking. 

I reached out and took his balls in my left hand and they felt as tight as they looked. I wasn't sure if they were naturally like that or so full of sperm from a guy who hadn't yet had sex. I cupped and lifted them up and they had virtually no bounce. I knew it was going to be even easier than I originally thought to pleasure this young cock. 

I wanted to give this kid a quick release so I instantly wrapped my warm mouth around his erection. I took my hands around his hips and held onto his mushy ass which was a huge contrast to Vinny's ultra-muscular one. I could look up and see the expression on Trey's face. He was in heaven with me sucking his dick. This state of the art weight room had mirrors all over and I could also see out of the corner of my eye, his profile with my lips wrapped around his hard tool. Vinny was in the background grunting was he was lifting his squat set. 

I was really anxious to deepthroat Trey's cock so after a couple of attempts, I got it down my throat. I was gagging on it when I heard Vinny walk over and start commenting...

"Feel that lil brother? This mother fucker can swallow dick like a two bit whore. Don't be embarrassed, blow that fuckin nut. Blow it down his throat, I'm tellin ya, he doesn't even care cause he loves it."

I stopped my slurping and pulled my mouth off Trey's dick and eased him by assuring, "He's right. Just relax, take your time and cum in my mouth. You don't need to hold back. Let it blow."

After I coaxed Trey, I immediately wrapped my mouth around his slobber covered cock. I really wanted Trey to feel that warm smooth blowjob without any hands jerking him so I was sure to keep my hands holding his ass cheeks. My teeth were out of the way, my tongue was creating nice sensation under the shaft, my mouth was providing a nice warm tunnel with wet smooth friction and the only thing left was to wait for Trey's load. 

As I anticipated, it wasn't long at all and I could feel Trey's rock hard dick start to throb while I could hear his breathing get louder and faster. 

"Give it to him!" Vinny laughed.

Trey started making a moaning sound, "Ooohhh. Ooohhh. Then a loud, Auugghhh!"

Trey's cock released a very thick and warm rope of sperm filled cum that would have made any porn star proud. That first shot just about choked me, but after I got my composure, I was able to catch spurt after warm spurt which started filling my mouth. I could feel the over exaggerated twitch of Trey's cock with every squirt. I was careful to keep my mouth sliding the same way all through Trey's orgasm so he could really enjoy his first blowjob. I wanted him to cum as hard as he could. He was shaking and got week in the knees as his load was starting to trail off. When completely finished, I slowly pulled my mouth off Trey's cock and held his huge wad in my mouth like a pelican holds a fish. I swallowed it and used my tongue to swish around the stickiness off my teeth. 

"Whew," I blew out. "Thanks Trey, you did great. I hope you liked that. Cumming like that is very natural and your balls need to naturally get rid of that backed up cum."

What was surprising is that Trey's cock was still hard. I knew right then and there, that wasn't going to be the only time he came on that night. I now focused my attention on Vinny and I could see the lust in his eyes. He was stroking his huge cock and I knew he wanted to cum just as bad as Trey had done. 

"I wanna fuck that ass. Take those pants off," Vinny ordered. 

I took off my tennis shoes, jeans, underwear, and shirt but I kept my white athletic socks on because I didn't want to walk around barefooted on a workout facility floor. Even back in the early 2000s we were aware of germs that thrive on sweaty floors and equipment. 

Vinny laid on his back on the bench press bench. While Vinny was getting himself situated, I reached into my jeans pocket which were laying on the floor and took out my KY Jelly tube. I squeezed out a huge glob on my palm and smeared it all over Vinny's huge dong. Now because of Vinny's length, I had to straddle him up by his chest, then move back on his cock. Fitting Vinny inside my ass is always a long drawn out process because it is like sticking a baseball bat through a doughnut hole. I reached back and took a hold of Vinny's greased up cock, sat down until it popped in my asshole and just sat down until about half was up me. I had to pull off, let the pain subside, then try again. The second time, I sat all the way down on it and just stayed still hoping to get acclimated. I am sitting on Vinny's massive pole, trying to get used to his size but Vinny was so horny, he was getting impatient. 

Vinny started tapping on my hip and said, "Get goin. Ride that shit."

I responded, "Give me second. I gotta get used to it. It's like sitting on a tree trunk."

"Yea, a tree trunk that needs to cum. Don't take too long before ya get to bouncin," answered Vinny.

I finally was able to start rocking on Vinny's huge cock but not very much for two reasons. Combined with the height of the bench and the length of Vinny's dick, I couldn't get high enough when I lifted up on each bounce and the second issue was because I was sock footed, I was sliding around on the floor. That lack of traction caused me to lean more forward and put my hands on his huge pecks for stability. He also helped me out by holding my waist and lifting me up and down on his cock. 

"Keep ridin it. Fuck, that feels good. That is one tight ass," Vinny encouraged.

I actually starting getting a little bouncing rhythm going. I wanted it to feel really good to Vinny so every time I sat back down on his cock I would shimmy my ass around to give him that extra feel. He would also thrust his hips upward as to fuck my ass rather than me fucking him. 

"You like that?" I asked.

"Fuck yea. Go faster. Ride that shit," was Vinny's response.

Fucking Vinny's horse cock is always somewhat painful. I bounced faster and this lasted for about 5 to 10 minutes until the pain got worse. I think the lube was starting to wear off because every time I lifted up, I felt like Vinny's cock was pulling the insides of my ass out with him. 

"Let me get some more lube. Your big dick is tearing me up," I told Vinny as I started climbing off him. 

"Make it quick. I'm revved up now. Get back on it as quick as you can," replied Vinny anxiously. Then Vinny quickly sat up and said, "I have a better idea. You lay down and put your feet up on the bar."

I squeezed and smeared another huge glob of KY on Vinny's hog from a standing position now. I laid down on the bench press bench, slid on my back until my sock covered feet were dangling over top the bench press bar. The huge mirror was right there and I could see how dirty the bottom of my white socks had become. I also looked around for Trey and he was now sitting on the work out ball just watching quietly with his erection pressed up against his belly. 

Vinny positioned himself on the other side of the bar where he was facing my ass. He took hold of my thighs and pulled me toward him which in turn lifted me up higher with my calves now resting on the bar. He put his huge cock back in my ass and it went in without much trouble. He pulled me a little closer and it completely disappeared in my rectum once again. That added lube really helped the situation. Vinny began to pump my ass. He went slowly at first then began to pick up the pace. I put one hand on his ripped abs to not only feel that power but to also subtly direct him not to go too fast too soon. 

Vinny finally reached that rabbit fucking stage where you could hear the slapping of his hips and balls banging against my ass cheeks. The huge mirror was right behind him and I really loved seeing that muscular ass tighten up with every thrust. Vinny was also gritting his teeth. I knew he was anxious to launch his huge load in my ass so I decided to encourage him...

"Fuck my tight ass with that big black dick of yours. Keep going! Go. Bring that cum to the tip. Work it up there. Blow that load. Shoot your wad deep in my ass," I teased. 

While now breathing heavy, Vinny answered in third person, "You'd like that wouldn't ya? You want Vinny's cum don't ya? Almost there. Hang on tight! Vinny's cummin!"

With no sound restrictions and his built up orgasm, Vinny gave his loudest war yell as he started to cum. I felt his first shot hit deep in my rectum walls. I could see his teeth still clenched and his eyes rolling back in his head. Then each shot thereafter was coating my insides like a warm enema. I felt like he was literally emptying his balls inside my stomach. Vinny kept cumming and yelling for what seemed like a minute. I knew Vinny was having a powerful orgasm so I held still until he had completely finished. He finally started to calm down and stopped thrusting. Vinny held still with his cock still buried up my asshole. 

"Whew! That was the shit right there! I needed that. I must've blew a gallon of jizz up that ass," Vinny announced as he slowly pulled his dick out of my butt.

The suction that had built up from the tight fucking causing his cum to follow his dick out of my ass. I immediately felt his warm slime run down my crack. I was hard as a rock and ready to cum myself. Vinny stood there with his long cum covered and sticky cock jetting out and curved downward. 

Vinny was recovering when he looked at Trey and encouraged him, "Get in there and get some of that. I got him warmed up for ya."

"Come over here Trey," I chimed in as I stood up. "Follow me."

I got the biggest workout ball they had. I then laid on my stomach over top the ball. I tried to keep my feet on the floor but once again my socks made it somewhat slippery so I had to stand on my tip toes. 

I was excited to be Trey's first. I directed him to come over, "Go ahead Trey. Stick it in. Don't be shy."

Trey lined himself up behind me while I laid on this large rubber ball. He put his cock head against my hole and because Vinny's horse cock had stretched me out and the mixture of cum and lube, he had no trouble fitting inside me. He then walked his way closer to me until his thighs were pressed up against my ass cheeks. Trey took hold of my hips and started thrusting in and out. His cock was pretty thick but felt really good on my prostate. He was starting to pound quicker and quicker. I could hear his breathing get faster once again. 

"There ya go little brother. Fuck that ass! Getcha some of that. Give him that nut," Vinny proudly directed. 

My stomach was bouncing against the big rubber ball and I groaned out, "That feels good Trey. Faster. Faster. It's your turn. Shoot it!"

With my own cock sliding on that rubber ball, I started shooting my cum all over it. It was a powerful orgasm and I was all locked up enjoying it. At the same time I was cumming, it sounded like Trey was choking but he was also cumming. He mashed his crotch up against my ass so to have every inch buried in my rectum. I could feel Trey's balls pressed up against my balls. I couldn't feel his cum shoot out but could feel his whole body jerk with every shot. We both were cumming at the same time. Trey stayed in that position until he was finally done which was about two squirts after I had finished. He pulled his slime covered cock out of me and some cum slid out and landed on my nuts and I remember one glob landed on the rubber ball. I remember seeing that ball later and it was fucked up with all my load smeared all over it. 
